Hit this place on the way out of NOLA. Good coffee and food. Nice to sit on the porch.Great spot for breakfast.  Service is always spot on.  There is often a wait because this is a popular place.  Not a bad wait out on the porch as long as it isn't summer time.Another Broken Promise.  If you don't use an app don't bother to put your name on the list.  Put my name down and the hostess said it would not be long. After an hour asking what our place in line was they still has 12 parties ahead of us. Just don't tell me it won't be long and put everyone ahead 
I won't go back.On our way home from New Orleans to Boston, we stopped here for breakfast and it was the best breakfast spot we ate in the whole time here. I'm surprised that this is a chain because it doesn't feel like one. I love the decor: relaxing croissant yellow walls, high ceilings and a bustling atmosphere that isn't too noisy or crowded. The wait staff is pleasantly welcoming with that good Ole Southern hospitality. You can wait outside on the wrap around porch while you wait for your table and the seating system is digital so you get a text when your table is ready.
In terms of the food, I had the lemon blueberry goat cheese pancakes with turkey sausage and scrambled eggs. Babe had the peach cobbler pancakes with andouille sausage and scrambled eggs. We were given coffee and orange juice while we waited, which was only 5 minutes and not the 40 minutes we were told. As I sit here on the porch again waiting for an Uber driver, the crowd is picking up so I'm glad we came earlier, around 9:30am.
The skillet breakfasts look scant and not filling so we opted for the pancakes but everything else that went by on a plate looked delicious. I bought one of their signature mugs to take with me because they remind of the Celtic mugs I got from Ireland. New Orleans is so rich with its diverse culture and the people are extremely sincere in visitors having a good time. We can't wait to come back and now we know where we can come for breakfastVery nice people and great atmosphere.  I found the food to be average.  I wouldn't do as some do and stand in line waiting for a table.  IHOP or Dot's Diner have better breakfast food and rarely a wait.I have been here one time since its opening. The place...its cute but cute doesn't make up for the fact that the hostess was awful! The food was really good too! The coffee not bad! The waitress did a great job! But the hostess looked like she had never interacted with people before. She could have been having an off day but first impressions are everything. The food is also pricey so beware! I spent over 20 bucks for an omelette and coffee. It was a good omelette but breakfast to me is just breakfast. I would have been fine eating a bowl of cereal for 2 bucks. Not saying it is bad or anything. I just think it is overpriced. Basically you are eating there just so you can say you have been to The Broken Egg cafe.Omg, I hope I don't leave anything out. Food was amazing,  alcoholic drinks are the bomb and everyone there very friendly. This was my 3rd time eating there and every time I go I never finish my food.  They give you a nice big portion of food for a excellent price. You have to try the Shrimp n Grits.........Worst service ever for a place with those prices. When we were greeted our server complained she was hungover and she forgot to put our order in. After 30 minutes we asked for for our  food and she said it was coming right up ....not. Will not return. Manager was called several times to tables on our visitAnother Egg is a great breakfast/brunch spot. My wife and I were headed to the airport and was looking for place for breakfast and remember someone had told us about this place. WOW!!!! is all I can say, the French toast was excellent ; shrimp and grits without the sausage was superb. The spices used in the in shrimp and grits was very flavorful. A most go to place.The ONLY and I stress only reason why this place is missing a star is because of the wait times. This is a very popular spot among the residents in the lakeview and seabrook areas of New Orleans! One of the best places for breakfast and brunch I would say, this favorite is snuggled in a neighborhood just off of Harrison Avenue. It's grown increasingly popular within the past few months. There is an option to do takeout and I couldn't be more happy with the result if I were sitting in the restaurant! It's always hot, fresh and delicious! Be aware though. Call ahead! It is always crowded!Basically the last 2 experiences I had at this location are horribe. Won't be back. Service is bad. atmosphere stinks and kitchen can't get all the ingredients listed on the menu in their omelettes.Service was awesome; very friendly and knowledgable. Prices are higher than I'd like to pay for breakfast, even considering the specialty items.  The food was above average, but not GREAT. I think the prices are high to account for a lovely setting. It is corporate, but this is not obvious because the the "house" and ambiance are charming.  There were a couple of items I would like to try if I go back. Not a place I will frequent, but glad I checked it off my list.The first time I went to 'Another Broken Egg Cafe' I had a great time. Food and service was great. The biscuit beignets and city grits are to die for. The second time I went was on a Sunday, which a do not recommend. It's very busy on a Sunday. I placed my order and got my appetizer about 15 minutes are I placed it. I did not receive my food until 50 minutes after I received my appetizer, food was not hot, and service was slow. I like the environment here and the food. I will return to 'Another Broken Egg Cafe,' but never on a Sunday.If you are looking for a place to have an amazing breakfast this is the place. The menu has traditional breakfast, brunch and lunch options. I had the skinny omelette, english muffin and fruit. My wife had the lobster and brie omelette and wow the taste of both were amazing filled with seasoning and flavor. The portions are quite large also i forgot to mention their strawberry spritzer is refreshing and fruit filled its a must try.We were told the wait would be 20 minutes for two people.  40 minutes later, I went to return the pager and find somewhere else to eat.  The hostess said we were next for seating, so we waited...and waited...15 minutes later, we were seated.  I was frustrated that we were lied to twice about the wait times.  
Unfortunately, it gets worse.  We waited another 10 minutes after FINALLY getting seated and never met a waitress.  
We walked out.  Wish I could've rated the food, but the service is a zero.Pros: Great location in Lakeview and a good atmosphere both inside and out to enjoy a meal with friends or family. Gone here several times and the food has always come out pretty quickly and is fairly good for the price you pay.
Cons: Poor service. Recently went for brunch and put the name in for a table for 4 adults and 1 highchair. Being brunch on a Saturday, we waited 45 minutes to sit, which we expected and were prepared for. The hostess finally seats us at a very large table, TOO large, (we had to yell across the table to speak to each other) and with no highchair. Ended up having to wait over 5 minutes for the highchair to be brought out. Then, we were never offered drink refills and had to flag down our waitress to request syrup for the pancakes because it wasn't brought out with the meal. This is a consistent problem I see with this location, and I don't know how many more chances I'm willing to give it to improve.My first time going....expect a wait time but the food is pretty good and filling. I got the Southwest Scramble! Good stuff...and they gave me extra since I told them I was pregnant and starving lolI received a coupon in the mail for a free traditional breakfast here, and after hearing so many people brag about it, I figured why not try it out? From the outside, it looks like a quaint and cutesy breakfast place, very home-y. 
We walked in where we were greeted by the hostess or should I say stared at like we had 3 heads. Because this was my first time here, I wasn't sure if it was seat yourself or wait to be seated so my sister spoke up and said a table for 2 please because I was still taken aback that the hostess didn't say anything. Already off to a bad start, which kind of ruined the whole meal because now I was paying attention to everything wrong with the place and not what is right about it.
The hostess then trudged over to a table to seat us and blandly said how a waitress would be with us shortly. After a few minutes of my sister trying to decide what she wanted, I overheard a woman and her husband ask the hostess if they can please have their waitress. Either they are extremely impatient or they've been waiting a while and judging by the hostess's demeanor, I have a feeling they didn't just get there. The hostess was too busy slowly cleaning a table to go get a waiter at that moment even though you can tell that the parents were not pleased, especially since the kids started to get restless.
Finally the waitress came, and she was surprisingly friendly. But again, I still had a bad first impression so I noticed more negative than positive. When she brought us water, she forgot to give us straws. I didn't feel like waiting forever to get one from her so I was going to get up out of my chair instead and get one from the bar. Luckily, she got to me as I was in the motion of standing up so I didn't have to walk across the restaurant.
When we were eating, I noticed another older couple complaining to the manager about something. I was trying to eavesdrop to hear what it was about, but they were all the way across the room.
When our bill finally came, I noticed we were only charged for a traditional breakfast (which was supposed to be free), fruit, and a cup of coffee, when we ordered the traditional breakfast, 2 cups of coffee, and an omelette, which is the more expensive of the two. When I asked the waitress about it, she said it was the bill for the person who was there before us.....good thing there are honest people in this world.
Now onto the positives:
The atmosphere is very New Orleans and home-y. You almost feel like you're in an upscale diner or even a bed and breakfast. The porch area looks nice too.
The food. DELICIOUS! My sister got the Floridian omelette, and it was SOOOOO GOOD! The traditional breakfast I got was just an English muffin, eggs, and hashbrowns, nothing fancy. If I go back, I wou,ld definitely get an omelette or something.
All in all, I will come back again despite the hostess's lack of motivation and poor attitude. I am giving her the benefit of the doubt that she was having a bad day. Like I said, our waitress was super friendly, the kitchen staff member who brought us our food was nice, and so was the manager, who came around and asked how we were doing. I just hope the poor service isn't a reoccurring problem, which seems like it based upon other reviews. I thought the prices were kinda high for a breakfast place so I expect better service. Hopefully if it is a problem, they fix it because the food, location, atmosphere, and some of their workers, are all there. It was just that one girl who gave me such a negative impression of the place.The food was good, but brunch on Mardi Gras day was a bad idea. The government would be more efficient at managing a wait list. Our estimated 30 minute wait turned into an hour and 20 minutes. Apparently they do call ahead seating, so our wait time was extended considerably. Had something else been open nearby, my party of 3 would've gone elsewhere. 
Bottom line--food was good, but the poor wait list management will deter me from returning. Never again!Service was absolutely terrible. Hostess could explain what other groups were being seated before others.  It was a cluster ....Group of us ended up going to Koz's down the street.Delicious. . Benedict with crab cake. . Best I've ever had. Pancake with banana foster looked burnt. . But it wasn't. It was so good. .had fresh banana in it as well as on top.  Daughter had Floridian.. she said it was super good too. .Husband had gluten free pancake.. liked it. . But had to order more food. . Ultimate omelet with potatoes. . He liked. . But was a bit expensive seperately. Overall we really liked it!
Heads up. .. parking is scant.  Sunday is really busy. . But turned out to be worth it. . Had very sweet waitress. (:Breakfast was awesome. They made me a birthday drink and it was great. I had a banana foster pancake that was to die for. Also had a grit cake with lobster and crab it was great.Yaaaaaaaas. This place slays.
There are a couple of tells for a high-quality establishment: the beverage product brand and the weight of the silverware. This place has exceeded in both of those areas. 
This cafe is a wonderful, quaint place. It literally feels just like grandmas house - and I rather love my grandmas house. The food was DELIGHTFUL. I'm always a little iffy with my eggs so I was quite wary to order the scrambled skillet but I did and it was amazing. God bless. The hot chocolate was so rich and creamy and the fruit parfait was beautiful! The service was flawless. Everyone was so eager to take care of us. And they were so friendly. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I want to cry I'm so happy. So yeah. I have no other choice but to move in.We got there Sunday morning right before 10 am..We would suggest that. Very busy and understandably...the service was GREAT!  We had some specifics for our diets and every one was delivered...with grace. The fare was yummy and it was a joy to sit outside...Our busser even asked if we were finished instead of "done" before picking up our plates...first class..we hear they are under new mgt. Bravo for the xtras in training...we will definetly be back.This was my first visit here on my birthday June 26. The wait was a little long but the food choices were definitely work it! Service was great!I'm so glad we decided to come here after what seemed like forever to pick a place to eat in New Orleans. I do suggest to check in online bc they are a popular place! The food is great, the drinks are delicious, I will definitely come back when I'm in town.Food is decent, but not great. In general, the prices are a bit on the high side for breakfast/brunch food but I'm sure the location plays a big part in that. Two things that annoyed me to no end, the music was horrible and the tables aren't high enough. I know this may seem insignificant but try eating while slouched over the entire time, and the music had me feeling like I was in a department store dressing room. Service was excellent, but there were just as many wait staff as there were customers so getting bad service would have been difficult. Maybe they could decrease their prices by decreasing the amount of employees a bit. All in all, this was my first visit and will most likely be my last. Much better breakfast options nearby.The food was awesome and our server Austin was also great. Would defently love to come back.Well the overall service was meek.  We waited to be seated for 5 minutes.  Then it took another few minutes to be approached by a wait staff.  But kicker was the two people that were seated next to us were not approached for 10 minutes.  When we pointed it out to a waiter that was chatting with a customer he looked at us like we had three heads and still didn't acknowledge the customers.  Food was ok.  Not sure if I would go back.It's our first time to eat here and as always they're always busy during weekend brunch and there's a 30 minutes waiting time for a table so we decided to sit at the bar. We had crawfish skillet which is delicious and flavorful  and I asked for sunny side up eggs instead of scrambled because I like the gooey yolk. But the highlight was the crab cake benedict it was divine, plenty of crabmeat that you can definitely taste and the savory sauce on top compliments the crab cake really well. I also had grits and bacon on the side and hash brown potatoes which are all very tasty. The long wait time can be a turn off to some customers but if you're willing to sit on the bar with a friendly service go do it. We will definitely be back and try their other stuff on the menu. Mmmhmm!We went here this morning for breakfast/brunch.  We were seated immediately and our server came over for drinks shortly after.  We came here because my husband saw online that they had gluten free pancakes, and they didn't disappoint!  He had the cinnamon roll French toast without bananas foster sauce, and said "it was the first time I've had this before, and they're pretty good!".  The coffee was delicious, as was the fresh squeezed oj.  Price was pretty reasonable, maybe a bit on the high side but  worth it for going somewhere where I can accommodate my dietary restrictions with no issues.I am a huge fan of Another broken Egg, The food is impressive and there is outdoor seating and the building is beautiful old NOLA style new. The kids menu is fantastic and they give crayons and a worksheet that both young and old can enjoy. I am a huge Chorizo lover and it is on the menu! So happy to have them!By far the best massaged kale salad I've ever had. The dressing was on point and the salmon was cooked perfectly. I've came here twice and not disappointed!!Had this for the first time when I was in Florida. Have to say glad NOLA is just as great. Great food and the ppl are always so nice. It's my once a week placeSlow food for 4 people, service average. Nothing to write home about. Half the food delivered. HmmmFood was good and service was excellent. We had Michelle and she took us all in stride with changing orders around and one of our groups sense of humor. The omelets are really good, unfortunately the breakfast potatoes are deep fried so I couldn't eat them. 
Show up before 9 on the weekend and you will get a table no problem. We will definitely be back!There are a few places that actually do breakfast right. This is one of them! Food is top-notch. If you go on a Sunday, be sure to call ahead for seating because it can get packed relatively quick. Calling ahead is advised as well if you're ordering take-out. Seems to be a pretty neat spot for kids and family sized groups but no larger than about 10 people.We won't be going back. 
Everything on our order was wrong. My breakfast partner had ordered a turkey and brie sandwich that was really greasy ham and brie by the time it was "served," then they disputed that the ham was ham, "oh no, that's turkey" until they decided that it really was ham after all. My over hard eggs were running all over the plate and my extra cream cheese to go with my smoked salmon didn't exist. 
When I say this was "served" it's really  a misnomer. Someone who works for the restaurant, not our server, brought this stuff out of the kitchen and tossed it on the table and ran away. I never had time to see who it was. She (I think it was a she, I never got a good look) had no inclination to see if the order was correct, or if it was even our order. Just toss and run. I had to go hunt down someone to complain that it wasn't what we ordered. 
They eventually remade both our meals. But they took so long to remake my breakfast partner's sandwich, that I was through eating and he had lost his appetite. We took it to go and gave it to someone on the street. They offered the meal free, but we just wanted to pay and leave. Then their credit processing system went down. After waiting an additional 15 minutes at the table we left a tip for the server and left.
This was not our first visit, at the best of times it was not much better than average.The service was excellent and the food was amazing.  I can't wait to go back.  I'm upset that I waited so long to visit here but I'll be bringing my next friend that visits here too.NOT CLEAN:  First time there today and I sat at the bar. The servers were rolling silverware and one kept dropping pieces on floor. I pointed this out and she said. " ok " but kept rolling the dirty utensils. Pretty sure I nor any other customers eat off the floor.  Will not go back and will advise my friends to avoid .I have been to this restaurant before outside of Louisiana and I liked it a lot. Knowing it originated in Louisiana, I thought this would be even better. The service was slow, waitstaff was forgetful, and the quality of the food was mediocre and not what I would expect from breakfast food in New Orleans. Despite this being down the street (walking distance) from my house, I don't think I would come here again. 
I ordered the lobster Brie omelet, which barely had shreds of lobster plus a small, hard square of Brie with the rind on it on top. It was a greasy, dense omelet. Not good at all.New facility with what looks like a curb you have to go over to get in the parking lot.  Nice people working there and but everything else is for show.  The Popeyes was over cooked ugly, salty eggs and spinach.  The English muffin was limp and I toasted.  I liked the potatoes. Beginets were dense, but okay.  The dipping sauce tasted like uber sweet marmalade.  Chicory coffee was okay.  My husband had Lakeview scrambled which were ugly overcooked eggs, but he said they tasted okay.  Overall, I felt like I tore up $40 and threw it in the trash.  Oh, did I mention the quarter size chip out of my plate?  Bacteria grows in chips and cracks.Consistent delicious brunch on Sundays. This is my 4th time visiting and the food is tasty. Service is hit or miss. But don't let that discourage you. The restaurant is made from an old house with intimate comfortable seating. Try the city grits, any of the flavored mimosas, and pancakes. The special sauce on top of the chicken and waffles is epic.....it's worth a visit. All they're missing is a bottomless mimosas deal.it can be Very crowded on weekends, I try to go when it's less crowded. The service is great and the food is delicious! The smoked salmon Benny is delectable.  ive never had anything bad from this place. the prices are reasonable for the quality. Probably one of my favorite breakfast spots in the cityThe house grits are to die for!  I could eat them every day.  Great service and really nice to sit on the porch for breakfast.Definitely not as good as the northshore location. Cute place but for New Orleans the food was on the same level as ihop or sizzlers. Also the service was poor. My waiter actually burped when he brought the bill to me. I won't be coming back especially since there ate way better places in NOLA.So, you're gonna have to wait. That should tell ya something. I was pleasantly surprised with this place. Although parking is scarce and the wait is generally long, it's worth it. It's cute too. I wouldn't say the staff is amazing or anything, but if ya want a good breakfast and have a little patience, check this place out. Or don't... I'll take that table that you would have sat at.What a disappointment. After my children and I waited for 45 minutes to be seated, our waitress was rude and the food was really, really bad. Like really bad. Mind you I have young kids so it's not like this was difficult stuff, but some how a grilled cheese sandwich and pancakes were gross looking and my scrambled eggs were not cooked all the way. I like this location because it's close to my office but there are too many other places to chose from. Won't be back.Good concepts poor execution. 
Had the Chez B omelet. The onions were burnt. The biscuit was good. The side of Mediterranean potatoes we also burnt! The onions in them were also burnt!! Not sure who's coking the food. But there's no quality control. 
The service isn't bad. But based on the quality of food. Won't return!!
Also despite there being many open seats in the front of restaurant. My husband n I were seated in the back in a smaller room. We didn't mind until another black couple came also. I took a walk to the restroom  to notice only whites seated in the front and a fair skinned black family. 
After almost finishing breakfast.  We noticed a young Asian couple coming in the area. But quickly leaving. We thought they left. But they were seated in the front.   The $33 bill really pissed me off cuz I barely ate the inedible food!!!Wait time for the meal was pretty lengthy, The food was cool... Not to bad but the waitress wasn't too pleasant.I love crab!!!! And they give me my crab!!!! As many times as I've been can't believe I've never done a review. I have been to the one in lakeview, magazine street AND Pensacola, Florida. I always get the crabcake cavallo, subbed out with regular hollandaise and my eggs fried hard. Top it off with a couple of mimosas and I'm a happy woman. Always great service!!! Reasonably priced!We had heard many things about this place so it was time to give it a try... and we were not disappointed. We sat down quickly, were waited on quickly, and had our food come out quickly. Our waitress gave us incredible service, and two other employees checked on us to make sure we were doing alright. The staff were very attentive and we were happy to see that after reading some of the reviews. 
Our food was excellent. We had the Popeye's Scramble and the Traditional breakfast. Neither one of us can tolerate a greasy meal but took our chances on the breakfast potatoes. Soooo good! Crispy and flavorful without leaving the plate full of grease. Everything we ordered came out just as we special ordered it, tasted better than we expected, and was plated nice and neat.
The ambience was very enjoyable. Sometimes restaurants have too much "flair". It feels like they are trying to hard. This place had just the right amount. 
We will definitely go back.I went to The broken egg to spend Mother's Day brunch. It was my first visit to the restaurant and I must say The wait was long but it was worth it. The food was outstanding, the service was welcoming, and it is decently priced. The manger even took the time to stop by and make sure all of needs were met. I'll be back again for sure.Absolutely delicious!!! Not just your average breakfast place. I had the pancake trio which gives you the opportunity to try three different pancake flavors. I tried mixed berry, peach cobbler & lemon berry.....Yummy. My daughter had the cinnamon roll French toast. Of course I had to taste it.... yummy. The only thing is that this place is so popular, the wait can be lengthy. But there's a solution to that. You can join the waiting list right here on yelp!! We did it & it worked out perfectly. We will definitely be returningFirst visit.  Didn't expect the wait on a Friday at 10am, but it says something about the place.  The delivery time for drink order could be better.  Excuse was hostess and bartender out.  Maybe I'm impatient,  but it shouldn't take 40 min for a side order of grits and a side of biscuits and gravy some bacon and sausage.  Maybe just a short staff day but not a good first impression.Most amazing Banana Fosters waffles... Looking for a great brunch spot? Look no more! This place does get a bit crowded but the flow of service has improved tremendously!!! Gina - new manager orchestrates the entire operations with ease and grace. Even with the morning rush... She still checks every aspect of the service flow - bussing tables ... Filling drinks and greeting everyone. Their team really flows well. The food is amazing ... I'll be back again for sure!I am writing this review because I recently visited another broken egg on Harrison in New Orleans. I ordered the crab stack and it was impeccable. The andouille in the butter champagne sauce  and the garlic bread  plus the crab cake and grit cake were beyond my liking. It was amazing! Next time I go to a broken egg cafe anywhere else I will ask for extra sauce though. Elizabeth's service was perfection. Refills on time, explained the meals she enjoyed very well which led me to choose one of her fav's the crab stack. It was an excellent choice. She was prompt friendly smiled a lot and I received splendid service from her waiting on me. Thank you another broken egg for your services. The owner should be proud.HALLELUJAH!
This place! YUM! My boyfriend had been here a few times and I had never, so one lazy morning lying in bed we decided to grab brunch because it was a rare beautiful late winter day. 
My only gripes are that is was one of those "lets maximize on space and place tables EVERYWHERE" type restaurants. Still, it was comfortable enough for my boyfriend and I to dine in. The Hosts are also blonde dumb about wait times which I don't necessarily blame on them. They quote you 15-20 minutes and its accurate but you wait longer and its because the patrons are in the lakeview area and linger at their table well after finishing meals. We sat next to a group who were eating when we arrived and when we finally sat 30 minutes later they were chit chatting about EVERYTHING up until we were served food which took another 20 minutes. The server was a bit frustrated but super nice in not rushing them so I guess that's some thing to consider. People think late breakfast means take in the ambiance. Still, the Hosts need to give more accurate wait times.
I ordered the Cinnamon French Toast with fresh fruit. 
PEOPLE  LET ME TELL YOU BOUT' MY BEST FRIEND !!
It's an over-sized cinnamon roll sliced into 3 halves horizontal, dipped in french toast batter, pan cooked, and the syrup is a mixture of cinnamon frosting and syrup.
This was the best thing I'd ever had in my entire Breakfast life! My BF insisted that I order it and I damn near proposed to him after eating it. It was SO FREAKING GOOD. 
He had the full breakfast platter and I wound up eating off his plate. I was willing to go to war over his eggs and pancakes.
This place is at the top of NOLA's best Breakfast/ Brunch places. Def try out this location and the one on magazine.Service was awful.  My wife and I went there for lunch one day.  We order a cinnamon roll to start.  When it finally came out it was hard as a brick.  We sent it back.  When our sandwiches came out we had to ask for our sides.  I had order a side of grits, which I never got.  Our sandwiches tasted okay.Would have 5 stars if it weren't for the lack of seating space. Had I brought my family of 5, there would have been an extended wait time. The quality of food is great and the Bloody Mary was well prepared. If you're on a diet counting calories, make a u-turn lol!Okay, I wanted to give this place a fair shake and so I didn't review it after my first visit. My adult daughter and I went again this past weekend and the food is just meh. The first visit, we both ordered the Eggs Benedict. Nothing in the menu description stated that the hollandaise sauce would be saturated with lemon juice so we were a little taken aback by the strong (overwhelming) lemon taste which completely ruined what would have been a decent eggs benedict. Service was friendly and good but when we asked the waiter about the strong lemon taste he said it was probably a new prep person and they may have used too much. Fair enough, we decided to wait a few weeks and try it again. The most recent visit, I opted for the regular eggs, bacon and English muffin. Eggs were okay, English muffin was okay bacon was limp and cold. I could make better at home and I've had better at Denny's so as cute as this place is and the friendly service we've received both visits, I don't believe I'd be in a hurry to head back there.We have been eating here on and off for over 3 years. Never really had an issue until today. Holiday blues maybe??? Our server seemed to have a bit of an attitude. He put one of our orders in wrong and took no responsibility for it and basically just told a manager that we said it wrong. Ummm dude? Ordering the Lucy omelet with no sides, is as simple as it gets. Waiting 10 mins for it while the rest of us eat isn't enjoyable. Having the manager come up and not apologize is even worse. The fact we had out of town family with us and we recommended this place for breakfast , just makes us look stupid. I doubt we will return anytime soon.I know this is a chain but I really liked it. We were greeted and seated immediately. My food was delicious. I ordered lox benedict(not sure of the name) but it was so tasty. I thought the service was good but the server never told us that refills on coffee and tea were charged again. I didn't complain or ask for my money back but instead told the manager it would be nice if employees explained this. She was super nice and talked to me for about 5 minutes. I felt the way she handled everything was top notch. I'll definitely go back there for breakfast.I love the food and services but was a little disappointed that the "join the waitlist" isn't working from the yelp app. I hope that the restaurant can fix this for any future yelpers who may try to use this function. Once we alerted the hostess she was able to slide us right in so we didn't have to wait. Great food, great customer service!I have been wanting to try this place for a while and I was really hoping to love it. We went for Sunday brunch. Our server was professional, but the service was slow. It took forty minutes to get our food, which was basic (omelets). The potatoes were tepid, at best. There are so many great places to eat breakfast around here, I would move on to the next place.Great food! Great service! Finally a decent food experience in NOLA. My waiter took great care if us with vegetarian options. Highly recommend this place.Great food in a laid back environment. Service was quick and friendly. Manager touched the table and was present on the floor. Definitely coming back!Visiting back home for the holidays and ate here for the first time. The food was excellent! We are the Supreme Omelette, cinnamon roll, and grits. Everything was excellent.  I especially loves the potatoes that came with the omelette. Our server was Chris and he was wonderful. He was attentive and friendly.  Would recommend others to come and will be back!Service is slow.  1 bartender on a sunday brunch service caused a backlog of drink orders for her.  We waited 20mins at the bar while waiting for a table, before we were able to order a drink.
Parking is difficult.  
Large menu with more than standard breakfast options.
City Grits are delish.  Cinnamon french toast is heaven on a plate. 
There are limited options in Lakeview for sit down brunch so this place stays busy. Expect to wait.  With that said, there are other options not too far (Midcity or Metairie).  I would probably try another place before I go here again on a Sunday.Walk in and asked to be seated outside. Was first told "no more seating outside" .... we walked past five open tables outside... then we were told "I see one, I just need to clean it off" go to bathroom and see the a$&hat who drives a lifted tonka truck who is deff compensating for something who walked in behind us get seated inside and then they get moved to an open table outside. How do you tell someone one thing and go do the opposite?!?!  Was it because we had walked in wearing workout attire because we plan on going to the beautiful park and walking around afterwards if so we got judged based off appearance?!? That's not right.The location is adorable, but it was quite busy, and the service definitely suffered. We were violently trying to signal our waitress to get refills or coffee and tea.
The only sausage patty they had was a charred brown rock called turkey (BLASPHEMY). The eggs were dry and amorphous, like they scrambled them all at once for the entire restaurant. I didn't particularly enjoy my pancakes - no good pancake qualities, such as fluffy or buttery.
The grits I ordered as an appetizer were delicious, though. I would not returnCame in for the day for breakfast site seeing and lunch. Food here was amazing, great breakfast experience!!The food is great here. Every time me and my kids have come we have found something different on the menu and everything has been absolutely delicious. The only two downfalls (which is out of their control), is not enough parking, and long waits on the weekend...but as a business owner, I understand it from both angles, this is a good problem, it means there are a lot of people coming to see you and that people are willing to wait for your food!!Wait was 45 mins but service was great and yummy food. My daughter got the fanciest chocolate milk ever.The menu look good but the plating was gross.  My omelet was missing an egg an ingredients; Too much chorizo and dirty utensils and coffee cup made glad I was served water. It was very crowded, I don't understand how these people can enjoy this. This is probably an all time worst review, Im sorry but Im sick.If the name of your restaurant is "Another Broken Egg," your kitchen staff should actually know how to cook eggs.
I'm an egg fiend. Poached, scrambled, fried, chicken eggs, quail eggs, fish eggs. I loves me some eggs! Thus, I've ordered Eggs Benedict here several times &, with one exception, the eggs were beaucoup undercooked. When I order a poached egg, I don't expect to get an egg that is raw everywhere but the outside so that a cascade of gelatinous white goo oozes all over my plate when I hit it with the knife & fork. Runny yolks, cooked whites.  That's how a poached egg is supposed to be served.  But good luck with that! When you send them back, you get eggs so hard, you could use them as paperweights.
Ordering eggs over medium here is no different. The one time I tried that, I ended up telling our server to just forget the eggs after the second attempt. Fortunately, it was in the afternoon & they do have a delicious chicken quesadilla to fall back on.
The service here is also extremely hit & miss. We've never had any problems with the hosts or hostesses & the young man who waited on us during the Over Medium Fiasco was as sweet as he could be. But on one breakfast visit, we saw our waitress when she took our order & when she brought the check. Since we never saw her again, we asked a neighboring waitress to help us & she did. So we tipped her at the end of the meal instead of the waitress actually assigned to our table.
These problems are a shame because, in a Victorian house, the place is cute as hell, only a 5 minute drive from my home &, as I said, I love eggs. But the frustration of knowing I'll have to repeatedly send my egg dish back until it's cooked properly isn't worth my return.Never again horrible experience. I came here once about a year ago we were a party of three & one of us got our food after the others were already done the waiter said he forgot. So we tried again yesterday waited about 30 minutes for a table, we finally sat down & ordered simple eggs with biscuit & gravy we waited & waited & waited after an hour we decided to tell them we could not wait anymore the waitress said they had run out of eggs & had to go buy some. You have go to be kidding me with a name like Another Broken Egg you run out of eggs. They could have told us when we ordered & not made us sit & wait one hour they could have offered us to change our order in the first place. So we wasted an hour & a half of our day due to the lack of customer care. Don't waste your time the food is mediocre at best.This was the first restaurant we went to, straight off of our flight into New Orleans. We sat outside, on a Friday morning. They didn't seem to mind our suitcases we had with us. The food was ahhhh-mazing. Ordered everything from fried chicken Benedict, huevos rancheros to the shrimp and grits. The drinks were a little pricey for the size. The mimosas were small and weak for $10. The ice coffees were yummy, but small. The nutella iced coffee even comes with bacon on top. My cousin said the fried chicken wasn't very flavorful, but the presentation was attractive. The huevos rancheros come with a hardened tortilla, like a large chip. The service was wonderful, true southern hospitality!The service sucks. Went today at. 11:30 sat on porch open seating waited for someone to bring menu then waited another 10 mins for server to come take order got our drink order left got those but didn't take our order. We waited another 15 mins then walked out. We did leave money for the drinks. Two other table sat outside and 2 different servers came out to help them and another server was cleaning tables around us and didn't even ask if we had been waited on. It should not be my job to ask for a server to come help take my order. There are way too many restaurant in this city that want my business. I didn't even want to give one start but you have to in order to post a reviewSo we tried this place on a Sunday Morning and it was a bit crowded, so we decided to make it to go and we enjoyed it on the lake. We ordered the Shrimp and Grits and the City Grits and they were both GREAT. The shrimp n grits were cheesy you can tell by the pictures. The City Grits were just a good or even better. They should try placing the shrimp on the city grits instead of regular grits. We don't know how the table service was, but the take out was quick and just as delicious, even better on the steps of Ponchartrain Lake. This is a great spot for just about anything, there was outdoor seating. We'll be back.
City Grits:
Creamy southern grits, roasted garlic, onions & smoked Gouda cheese, topped with baked bacon, tomatoes & green onions
Shrimp 'n Grits: 
Shrimp & Andouille sauté with red peppers & onions in a spicy TABASCO ® low reduction, served on creamy cheese grits with garlic French breadYou would never know this was a chain restaurant... I actually didn't until a friend of mine saw my Facebook check in and said she went to the one in Charleston and it was the best brunch she's ever had. I would have to say that it's definitely at the top of my list as well!The food is very good and the staff is very friendly. The speed of service was a little slow but it didn't spoil my experience at allOk, so the service needs a bit of "fine-tuning" but overall the experience was good and the food was reasonably priced. Our server was new and made quite a few mistakes but the food itself was very tasty and portion sizes were quite generous.  I had the Broken Egg Biscuit Sandwich ($8.99) which was delicious. My niece had 2 huge Buttermilk Pancakes ($10.99) and loved them and my sister had the Smoked Salmon Benedict ($14.49) (she assumed the smoked salmon was cooked so was disappointed, but it looked delicious). I would eat here again.Very disappointed with the cold omelet,hash browns like they were sitting out for hours. 
Service was great up until it was time for the check,took a while.
Will not go back !Sad. Not worth it at all. I'm giving 2 stars for the kind waitress. Food is Denny's quality at best which is sad because the Lafayette restaurant is really good. Don't expect any flavor. My scramble which was supposed to have roasted bell peppers and portobello mushrooms. It had them, 3 slices of each. In a scramble. So good luck.Simple to go order. Three breakfast sandwiches and a bagel. Ticket time was 30min. Order was wrong. Sad! Had hopes this would be a great place but won't be returning.We will NOT be back! This restaurant has always been our fave for brunch but lately it just SUCKS! First it was just the service now the food is mediocre at best. They've lost a lot of the servers we loved and were told it was due to a management change. Hmm, seems to me maybe they should keep looking for better management or beg the management from a year ago to come back!Wandered in with my Mom for a quick lunch on a pretty day a few months ago. Points for the (often full) on site parking lot. It is tight if you drive a big vehicle. 
Yes, this is a national chain but it tries to incorporate local flair. Lovely outdoor area which is where we ate. My Mom got the club and declared it tasty. I got the veggie burger which was less successful. A bit too mushy in preparation for me. Service was a bit spotty for us but the locale made up for that.
Fine for dining outside on a pretty day if you're in the area.It's not perfect, but in a city devoid without enough good brunch options this can be a worthwhile place to stop.  The courtyard has ample seating and the restaurant is decent sized with generally good service and food.  I'm not sure everything is being cooked from scratch in the back, but the flavors are good, prices aren't bad, and you could do a lot worse for brunch.  This location has been a bit of a black hole over the past few years but it looks like they've finally got a restaurant in here that's a good fit.  If you live nearby and want to bring your dog, there's plenty of outdoor seating and our waiter even brought out a nice water bowl for the dog.
Yes, it's a chain and no, it's not perfect but they seem to do a decent job with the food and keep people moving which means they can do a lot of covers for weekend brunch and your wait likely won't be too long.  That's pretty good in my book, I'm a fan.Great Breakfast. We both enjoyed the atmosphere & service. Our waitress Kristy was awesome and suggested some good menu options. This is a must!Geez I thought I was going to get something good here, the menu had numerous dishes described that enticed me, but unfortunately it disappointed.  I had an omelette that was supposed to have caramelized onion and mushroom and red pepper... sounded yummy, what was delivered was just not good.  There were minimal vegetables and they were so dry, the egg was also just so dry..... all I can say is thank goodness I like ketchup! The service good, and was nice enoughI was so disappointed I created a Yelp account just so I could write this review. 
Our party of 4 arrived at 10:45 on a Friday and stopped for lunch before our 12:00 walking tour of the Garden District.  It was crowded but there were tables available both outside and in.  We asked to sit outside but we were told they weren't staffed for it.  We got seated right away inside.  Even though we had a corner table the room was extremely loud.  
It was 15 minutes before a server acknowledged us and took our orders.  After 40 minutes (11:30) I told a manager that we still didn't have any food and, despite sitting next to the beverage station our server hadn't checked back in.  He apologized profusely and told us that he would make sure our orders would be out next.  Our server said another server deleted our order.  We asked the manager to put our food directly into to-go containers.  
We waited another 20-25 minutes and finally left empty-handed and hungry.  All this while they continued to seat patrons outside.  Terrible experience.  Even the servers looked miserable.  They can crack eggs there but I'd love to see if one of them can crack a smile.I have had an absolutely wonderful breakfast at Another Broken Egg!!! The food was delicious and our server Ryan was fabulous!! From his suggestions on what to order to his friendly smile and attentive care for me and my family. Will be my go to place every time I visit New Orleans!!!!!!!We tried to have brunch on Sunday but there was a very long wait... over an hour around 1 p.m. So today we decided to give it another shot,  hoping we'd miss the big crowd. We walked in and were quickly greeted and shown to our table. The space is very bright and light thanks to the wall of glass looking out onto the courtyard. We ordered the beignets which are made from bite size biscuit dough that's rolled in powdered sugar and served with a honey orange sauce. Very rich and sweet, but still really yummy. Great option for sharing! I had a hard time deciding what to order though, because there are a lot of yummy things on the menu. We decided on shrimp and grits and a club sandwich. The bite of shrimp and grits that I tasted was very good. The club sandwich was fantastic! They grilled the ham and turkey on the griddle before adding it to the toasted country bread. It was perfect!Steel cut oats with fruit was inexpensive and delicious. Service was a little slow and inside the temp was a little to warm for us. We walked in here on a whim because it was the closet thing and we were starving.I thought this one would be a great experience. After walking right up to sit down, I was amazed at how we sat for 15mins without a single server coming up to us and taking our order! After asking another server, who's our server and observing her speak with the other servers only to have them also look bewildered, we decided this is not the best place to spend our money! Although I REALLY wanted pancakes, I guess I'd take waffles somewhere else where they'll appreciate my money!Excellent breakfast menu. The pancakes were extremely fluffy, the biscuits, *mwah*, to die for. Furthermore it wasn't too expensive. I'll definitely be returning soon.Food was great. So is the plating. Went for a breakfast it was slow since it's a weekday. but we had a slow service. Server doesnt check on us if we needed anything else.Always love this restaurant. Lakeview and Magazine sites are wonderful. Staff is very friendly and helpful.Love this place. I really didn't want to since it's a chain. So sometimes the staff is slow or not so great, but the food is yummy. And yeah, you're gonna have to wait. Go somewhere else if you don't have enough patience to wait for this goodness.We enjoyed very much our breakfast here. I chose the salmon salad and my husband had sausage with biscuits and gravy. The salad was very pleasant, the biscuits had the perfect texture, neither too soft nor chewy, and the service was prompt and attentive. We'll stop again if we are in the area.After having walked out of Wharehouse Grille, we went to this place because we know how good they are. They service, atmosphere, and of course food, are all top notch. We were in and out of there in less than time than we spent waiting at the previous place.  We've been here many times and are never disappointed.Nice breaky selection I had the crab stack and it was pretty darn good but I got a bit tired of it by the time I was done. Nice outdoor courtyard seating area, not too pricey.  A lot of egg dishes but there were a few other options.Let me start off by saying the service at this place was great! In a smaller space, I felt like I had my privacy to have my breakfast. I almost walked past it as the Restuarant is off to the side of some construction. All of the items on the menu sounded so tasty it took me a little while to study it and finally make a decision. I decided on THE SUPREME OMELETTE and half order of beignets. They were to die for! I also had the original orange mimosa to quench my "thirst". So many other items I wanted to try and I plan to visit the location in Memphis! Thanks guys! 5 STAR!!!!Stayed on Magazine at a B&B a few blocks away from this little gem.  Was happy to find a gluten free menu and the waitress was very knowledgeable about what I could have.  I ordered the lobster and brie omelette with city grits....both were heavenly.  I loved it so much we went back the next day and I tried the gluten free pancakes and the crawfish omelette with city grits.  I was so happy to find out that there were two locations in the Houston area.  Quick service, quiet, pleasant atmosphere, friendly staff.  Manager came over and greeted us and asked how we were doing.  Make sure you try the City Grits....heavenly!I am not the kind of person to write a review. But I felt so inclined because this was the worst dining experience of my life. Where do I even start: first we waited 20 minutes for our table even though there was many open tables visible. After we ordered the food did not come for a whole 45 minutes. During that time I decided to wash my hands where there was no soap or towels in the bathroom. After we got our food there was only 2 pancakes after I was promised 3, and received barely a spoonful of eggs. When I went to ask for more eggs the waiter disappeared for another half hour. Overall one of the worst dining experiences of my life. Find another option for brunch!!!!I totally did not give ABE enough credit as I rubbed it off once I realized it was a chain breakfast/brunch spot. I looked at their online menu and it did not include prices and said that some items are seasonal and depend on the region and franchisor. 
Once I arrived, my group and I were taken care of by the most attentive and friendly waitress there is! She was so kind and professional. 
We started off with a pitcher, (obviously) of the kiwi mango mimosa. There were 5 of us, and each one of us was able to only have one glass from the pitcher. It was also really cute how it was presented, as each stemless champagne flute had a decorative toothpick in it with a slice of kiwi and mango on it. The mimosas were very good with a decent amount of champagne. We ended up ordering another pitcher, which was $31 each, so its best to order a pitcher with a group and split the cost. It comes out much cheaper. 
The food was very food, with really big portions.  All 5 of us ordered something different, enjoyed it and left full! 
There is always a big brunch crowd during the weekends, so to deter me and anyone else from dealing with it, I would recommend going during the week. Thank goodness we made reservations because there were no empty tables the entire time we were there, so it's great they have a fast turnaround. Even with the restaurant being packed on a Saturday, we experienced no delay in our service and everything came out in a timely manner.Stopped by here while visiting the Garden District. Extremely busy on Sunday at noon. Staff said that if you don't want to wait, before 10am or during weekdays its not that busy. We waited for about 45mins. Service was friendly and food came out fast. I ordered the Benedict Oscar but it was just ok. Too much sauce and the bread wasnt very good. The whole combination wasn't the best..Great food with its own uniqueness. You won't get the average breakfast plate and will be grateful for it. It has awesome service, servers were very attentive.Inconsistent food quality
Dirty wrapped silverware roll ups (more than once)
Long waits on Sunday with several open tables available (and these tables took a while to be bussed) I observed. 
YET, GOOD SERVICE EVERY VISIT (the servers were prompt & attentive).
As a service industry professional for over a decade, I think the management is quite questionable. Js.Great restaurant for an indulgent but relaxed brunch with classics and slight riffs on classics. The best decision we made here was for four of us to order an entree each and to pass the dishes around so we could try them all. In the end, we each liked a different dish, which I took as a great sign of how good the food was overall.
Personal favorite was the cinnamon roll french toast; Benedict Oscar was very good as well.Horrible. Waited over half an hour for a dry, over cooked omelette. Waiter was too busy on the patio to check on us. Another server dropped off the food and walked away  without even getting us silverware. Used to be better.Breakfast and service was amazing. We had the New Orleans omelettes, which had sausage, bacon and vegetables. I had the egg white one and it tasted great.Great for outdoor seating. Huge shaded patio. Sweet potato pancakes were amazing.  My niece is vegan and has trouble finding something on the menu but she enjoyed her dish.Omg....sooo good and so filling. Even had a bevis at 1030am lol service was good. Location is a nice walk. French toast was huge and the raspberry donuts were warm plus got bacon n eggs on top of thatGood lunch option if you want a healthy dish! Lots of tasty options and friendly customer service. Location is really good and the outdoor seating is amazing with the weather right now. Def coming back!Awesome food and great service... My dish was the Lobster & Brie omelette.. it was beyond delicious..beautiful setting on Magazine Street where you have the option of dining indoors or outPleasant place for breakfast.  Has some interesting combinations, such as the Hey Lucy omelette--I got the vegetarian version. Friendly service. Very tasty food.  Nice area--Magazine Street-- to stroll in also.Wasn't very impressed for my first time. My food looked absolutely delicious but was very bland! The side dish was seasoned to perfection though? I got the Lucy omelette and it says it's the specialty but it tastes thrown together with no sort of love :( my waiter was nice! Beautiful location of course!I go to another broken egg on Magazine every Tuesday morning with my grandmother. Put simply, the food and service cannot be beat. Their new Caribbean-inspired menu offers a wide variety of standard breakfast options, but with a refreshing twist that make them anything but the typical fare. More than the food though, their service is superb. Michelle and Chris' regular presense among tables, pleasantly chatting with guests, makes one who has labored in the food service industry wonder why ALL managers aren't more keen to genuinely interact with their customers.
Searching for something less than shamelessly flattering to say about Another Broken Egg on Magazine, the only example this regular patron can find is their recent decision to discontinue using their espresso machine. DONT TAKE MY CAPPUCCINOS AWAY!I'm a regular here and I love the service over the Harrison ave but today I got turned away an hour away from closing time because the hostess said "we have an hour wait and we close in an hour". I have worked in the service industry for several years now and have never been turned away an hour before closing no matter how busy the restaurant is. Anyway, what made me even more livid as I was walking back to my car, a customer told me they said "it was an hour wait but they sat us 5 minutes later". Definitely disappointing when a business turns down money.Not sure who is running this place anymore. But there should be no reason at all that My Business associates and I received our food an Hour and 15 minutes for Brunch. Also, to go to a restaurant and get served with To-Go Cups and Plasticware because they have nothing clean to eat and drink with.  The only thing that kept me there till the food came was our Server, Brittany C, she deeply apologized for the inconvenience and always kept coming back to make sure everything was okay. Other than server, the place was being ran horribly, almost like they didn't know what they were doing. Next time you go, if you even do, definitely ask for Brittany C and at least the service will be great, not sure about anything else there.The food was delicious.  I love this place.  Nice server. The fried green tomatoes and crab cake was very tastyDidn't honor our call ahead / nowait. Apparently being on the app and confirming by phone is not sufficient, and they were not apologetic.Got the traditional breakfast! Hit the mark for me with the kind of breakfast I wanted at the time. Is it the best scrambled eggs you will ever eat? Probably not but pretty good. Service was relaxed - not pushy. And the verandah seating is blissful!stumbled upon this spot this morning and it was actually the best vacation breakfast we had! Service was beyond amazing- Deven (sp?) served us, and he was super awesome! He was very friendly, patient and on top of the service!!! Food was great, 7 of us all ordered something different and we all loved it. Lobster and brie omelette was amazing- had that with their "city grits" and I finished Every bit of it!!! The eggs Benedict was delicious- tomato slice on bottom, with bacon and green onion in the hollandaise sauce was bomb! Florida omelette was very good as well. The cinnamon roll French toast was delicious.  all of the food was very flavorful and very well put together. Presentation was on point also. It's too bad we didn't find this gem of a place sooner bc I could/would have eaten there daily.  I highly recommend this place- but scope out the menu online first bc there are so many choices that it was hard to actually decide. We all ordered something different and 4 of us split our meals so we could each get a taste of more than just one thing. I'm sure Even picky eaters will find something they'll like. Try it, you won't be dissapointed!!!I cannot begin to explain how bad this place was. It took over an hour to get our food, our server checked in with us once to refill our waters, and no one ever apologized for how long everything was taking. I hated all of it.Had crab cake Benedict , was very good. Staff are very friendly defiantly coming back.I just...... Well, to begin, the Marley's were dead, to begin with....
I love me some breakfast foods, now with that said, I prefer playing with my options before actually deciding on a meal. I wen to breaking another egg and decided on the Huevos RANCHEROS!!!! WAHHHOOO!!! Golly Joe harding, it was realllllly tasty. I swallowed it down with a nice triple bloody mary. MMM. 
Next "item" if you will.... My handsome waiter was a thrilling young chap. He was either named Rich or Ryan, ask for either. He was tall and ghastly. But the man knew his food. He recommended the eggs, but I said "dude, everything has eggs" and so he said "yeah, get the Huevos RANCHEROS. So i did, then left with a happy palate. 
GREAT PRICE - GREAT PEOPLE - GREAT PATIOAwesome breakfast! It's a great place to try some local food. Shrimp and grits were amazing and the crabcakes cavallo were delicious. Their serving sizes were great- not too much food so that you can't move, but enough to enjoy a full meal. Their coffee mugs are cute specially made pieces of pottery. On sale for $18 each, we didn't purchase, but enjoyed drinking out of them. Would definitely recommend this to anyone!Went to the Lakeview location. Small quaint spot which makes parking a challenge. But, the food we very tasty.Today was my second time eating at this location. Our waitress Saraya was really nice and attentive. The food on the other hand was ok. I had the huevos rancheros. My tortilla was burned, my eggs were not cooked well and my potatoes were overly seasoned (salty). We also had to wait over 40 minutes for our food to arrive. They were pretty busy when we arrived so that was understandable. If the food would've been good, I wouldn't have cared about the wait. Next time, I will think twice before choosing to go back.I came here at 2:45pm on a Saturday with my mother (who is on crutches) and my daughter. When we arrived, the host told us, "we are closing at 3" as to say that he couldn't seat us. I told him, "well it's not 3 yet, it's 2:45." He went inside and refused to seat us. I looked around and another table was shocked that he wouldn't seat us. What kind of restaurant operates this way? I have never been treated like this. I will never return and I am going to share my experience with lots of people.OMG! I had the waffle with bacon and Lex had the chicken and waffle. The waffle was so good and fluffy. The bacon was hard but so good bc I love hard bacon. I tasted a piece of the chicken and it was seasoned so well! They had a honey sauce drizzled on top of the chicken. My waiter was Tony so nice and funny! We sat outside and ate. If you're not a fan of birds I suggest you eat inside. I must say I recommend this place for breakfast. They are also dog friendly! If you never been plz make sure to drop by. My 1st time and it was amazing!Even on Mother's Day our waitress and food was excellent! The wait on the other hand was looong & the hostess who sat us was rude when we asked for a table inside and/or big enough to fit the 5 of us.Great place for breakfast/brunch. We had the traditional breakfast, crawfish skittle and the banana foster pancakes are a must. The sausage had a unique great taste. The food was fantastic overall. Only issue we had was our seating. It was very hot and humid outside so we had to sit at the bar which wasn't too comfortable. Our server was great. Our total was only about 40 with tip included and we were so full. Definitely recommend this place.My boyfriend and I ate here around 2pm because I was craving a brunch place. I had the Crab Cake Cavallo and he had the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. Both dishes were extremely satisfying. The hash browns are always sooooooo freaking good! And I had a few bites of his French toast and honestly I wish I could eat this dish every morning. It's THAT good. 
I gave this four stars because they were really understaffed. They had two people but those guys definitely busted their tails! So if you're a fan of the food and you're patient,  coming here should not bother you. Even though there were only two waiters, the service was not an issue for me.After walking out of the warehouse grill in the CBD, this place absolutely saved my Saturday off, as I don't get many.  Great food, great service, great atmosphere.  I've never had a bad experience here.It takes a lot to get me to write a review. I have been in and out of the food service industry for 20 years, so I have high expectations when eating out, but can also be very understanding and forgiving... both sides come from my many years of food service and management.
I have been to other Broken Egg Cafe's around the country, and have never had anything negative to say. However, I cannot say the same about this location. I have given them 4 times over the last month or so to get it right before I wrote this.
FOOD: First visit, I ordered the Floridian (cream cheese filled omelette topped with garlic sautéed crabmeat, Monterey Jack & green onions) served with Seasoned Country Potatoes. There was little to no cream cheese in the omelette and the potatoes were overly salty, cold, and had obviously been sitting out for a while. 
Second visit, I ordered the Hey Lucy!!! (Avocado, breakfast chorizo, sautéed onions & green chilies with Cheddar-Jack. Sour cream & salsa sides) served with Seasoned Country Potatoes. The omelette was fine (or so I thought). The potatoes were cold and again didn't seem fresh. 
Third visit, I ordered the Southwest Scramble (Scrambled eggs, breakfast chorizo, onions, diced tomatoes & green chilies with Cheddar-Jack, guacamole, salsa & flour tortillas), also served with the same potatoes. This is when I learned that my second visit's omelette was not prepared correctly. The breakfast chorizo in the Southwest Scramble was not the same meat which was in the Hey Lucy. What I was able to determine was that the chef most likely used their Grilled Andouille Sausage in my Hey Lucy omelette for some reason (which I liked, and thinking that was the chorizo, was the reason I ordered the Southwest Scramble). So, when I got the Southwest Scramble, and it unexpectedly had what is essentially ground taco meat in it instead of solid bits of sausage, I did not like it. In addition, it was brought to the table with the incorrect side condiments (guacamole), which I then had to correct and wait for while my food got cold. My potatoes finally came out hot and crispy, because I had requested them so when I ordered. 
My fourth and final visit, I ordered the "Bella-wrap!" (Roasted portabellas & red peppers, caramelized onions, fresh spinach, feta & roasted garlic aioli, wrapped in an herb tortilla, and as per their menu suggestion, added chicken), served with the ubiquitously over-seasoned potatoes. It came out sitting in a pool of mushroom liquid. Even a beginner cook should know how to properly prepare and serve sautéed mushrooms to reduce the water content before it hits the plate. Part of the problem is the chef and prep folks who can do things to prevent some of this, but also can be attributed to Another Broken Egg's making this a wrap, rather than serving it on a heartier bread. You know that scene in Three Amigos when Chevy Chase tries to eat the fajitas and the whole thing just falls apart when he goes to take a bite? That was this meal, except this happened because the wraps were soaking wet. The potatoes were hot this time.
SERVICE: Is ok. Servers are nice and friendly enough. But an issue repeated on my multiple visits included my table not being set, which lead to having to request napkins and silverware after my food was already on the table getting cold. 
The food all tastes fine. The people are nice. The main reason I am writing this review is so hopefully the management will see this and do something to improve their consistency. I didn't go in looking for problems. Each time I went in I was rooting for the restaurant, hoping that these issues were one-offs. Unfortunately, they weren't, and I won't be going back a fifth time to try again.Awesome place for breakfast and Nicole was amazing!  Thank you Nicole! 
Dwane' and GwenI'm a huge fan of their classic Eggs Benedict and Bloody Mary! I would highly recommend Another Broken Egg Cafe to residents and visitors!All in all I had a nice experience here.  The menu is decent, I had an omelette.  The omelette was good, but needs a little kick with spices.  They have a bottle of their own Pepper Sauce on each table and it's ok if you like sweet dudes sauces, but this is New Orleans guys, put Tabasco on the table also.  I will be back.Food is really good. Service at this particular location is inconsistent. The first time we came to this location service was incredible. Our waiter was stellar. We came back a few days later and had to wait over 40 minutes for food. The staff seemed to be having a hard time. Waiter was frazzled and out of sorts. Didn't check with us or update us on the status of our order. After over 35 minutes of sitting there waiting I finally went up to him to ask about the long wait.Came here fro lunch with some friends from work.  Everything came out hot and delicious!
I had the bella wrap.  It was so good!  The other 2 people had the green tomato BLT.  They loved it as well.
everything was great.  I can't wait to go back!  Great service as well!Not impressed. Breakfast was mediocre at best. One of the four of us liked what we got. Bathroom was flooding. Service was mediocre. Surprised this joint was rated 4 stars.For a delicious, quick, reasonably priced meal and fantastic Mimosas this is the joint. The staff is beyond fantastic: friendly, attentive and fun. They spoil my puppy dog rotten when he comes along. The outdoor seating is a definite plus and parking is easy. I love this place and come as often as I can!Decided not to eat there because we wanted to sit outside and the host said "I have to see if one of the waiters will come outside, but probably not." What??The best breakfast I have had in New Orleans.  I had the steak and eggs which are a bargain by the way for about $12 or so.  Coffee and service were both greats. I will likely come by every morning for breakfast while I'm here.I'm done. I've given this place enough chances to get it together.  It used to be so good with solid service.  The last time came I wrote a review indicating the service had gone down significantly, but the food was still delicious.  The last four times I have come not only has service remained poor, but today the food was quite bad.
It took over an hour to receive our food after we had ordered. The restaurant had no clean flatware when we arrived so we had to wait for that as well.  I have to wonder if they stalled our food while waiting for clean napkins and flatware.
I ordered the "Hey Lucy" omelet with a side of grits.  The grits were cold when they arrived at the table, but it was obvious at some point there was an attempt to heat them in a microwave.  They had boiled over the dish and were crusty and cold when they were served. Also, the avocados in the omelet were so unripe they had a bit of a crunch to them.  I had to pick them out of the omelet to eat it.
To be honest, I wouldn't have come today because of bad experiences I've had there, but my friends chose it.  They have now also sworn off this restaurant based on their experience.
Get it together guys. You used to be so good. It's a shame it's not good anymore.We wanted to try the biscuit beignets as we have never had them and that is what everyone talks about. They were amazing! To die for!! Came with honey orange marmalade - Delish!!! We decided to order breakfast drinks too, Bloody Mary and Bellini. We were pleasantly surprised on the freshness of the ingredients. Would go there again and again. As our waitress was okay the hostess was very helpful and delightful. She made the experience!!!!Fantastic breakfast spot on Magazine street. Have the bloody Mary's and shrimp, crab and andouille sausage scrambleDelicious cafe, the server we had last time was awesome. Super courteous and professional, and when I asked for an honest opinion about a menu item, I felt like I had an honest answer. Sorry for the late review for the "last" time we came here but my daughter wouldn't let me review haha. 
But the outside tables are nice, the environment and setting is really relaxing, quiet enough to chill, but still nice background noise to not make it awkward silence. 
I order the cafe Rouge (spiked coffee) and man it was smooth, great tasting and went perfect with my meal. 
For brunch I ordered the Benedict Oscar, which was eggs Benedict with steak and crab meat. AMAZING. The service is GREAT, food AMAZING, ambience, GREAT. I'm actually here writing my first review on my SECOND visit in the past two weeks lol. Totally recommend this place, especially to show guests visiting from out of town.Casual breakfast place with better than expected food. We enjoyed sitting in the outside section (inside seemed pretty loud). Give the City Grits a try - you won't be sorry. Ours were perfectly prepared grits topped with Gouda cheese, bacon and green onion. Yum! OJ and coffee were both good too!  If you're looking for a laid back and easy bfast option look no further.The shrimps & grits as well as the lobster & Brie omelette were DELICIOUS. It was as if they put crack in the food it was so good. We got food high!! LOL rich & flavorful sauces. To die for. Excellent service as well.This place had a great atmosphere! The food and service was very good. I ordered the waffle with peacans and blueberries. Great for the priceSo, my biggest gripe about this place is that it's not a 5 minute walk from where I live in NY. My husband and I came here on a Thursday morning in October and basically had the place to ourselves for most of the meal. Our waiter was friendly and very attentive throughout the meal  - we never had to wait more than a minute to have a refill of coffee. Without a doubt,  you'll get a dose of genuine NOLA hospitality that us annual visitors just love. 
The food was spectacular, especially the grits and the bananas foster french toast - by far,  on my top 5 list of best breakfasts ever! I dream about those amazing grits regularly - please open a satillete location in NY so you can teach NYERS to actually make grits correctly lol. Thanks again for a great meal - we hope to be back someday soon.We went here because I am gluten intolerant, and we saw that they had a gluten free pancake. It was amazing! In fact, it was so amazing I wasn't convinced at first that it WAS gluten free!!
My husband, who can eat gluten, got their sweet potato pancake and said it was also delicious. We loved the atmosphere, and the food was absolutely amazing! We had coffee, eggs and bacon, and they were all as good as our entree. The portions were also great - the pancakes were gigantic.
We'll definitely be back, and will recommend it to all of our friends.I loved this place!  The lobster omelette was amazing, as was the city grits.  Definitely recommend the mango, kiwi mimosa. Service was great.  Highly recommended!No no no, this place is just like an overpriced Denny's on Magazine St. The real buzzkill was that my omelette wasn't even made with real eggs. I can spot powder eggs from a mile away (I went to Jewish summer camp, who are y'all kidding?)
Waiters were friendly and it was fairly busy. Food came quick. Sat solo at the bar but didn't get coffee or water refilled until my meal was over. Meh. 
Blackberry grits! Needs some more sugar, but blackberry grits!!!! Yummy. Miss those.A chain breakfast joint, but of the exceptionally tasty variety. Lots of vegetarian and gluten free items. Also some of the best shrimp and grits I've had in the Southeast--be sure to order the City Grits version (with green onion, bacon, and gouda). Don't ask questions and don't delay, just do it.