Good god. Waited atleast 15 min to even be acknowledged by the front door staff at this place. And the funny thing is that employees kept walking by (hint hint: you can at the very least tell the customer "I'll be with you in a moment") Had like 6 people in front of me waiting for the hostess so I should've known to run at this point but we stayed (partly because we had a hungry toddler). We were sat and the waitress actually seemed very nice and attentive at first. But then she didn't give us napkins. Or straws. Or silverware. Our food was placed infront of us by not our waiter and I asked that person for silverware (seems logical since food was just placed in front of me) She said okay and ran off. So then I didn't ask anyone else for it (don't want to seem rude- I trusted she would eventually come). After 5 min of my food getting cold I finally flagged down our waiter (who really didn't seem to care that she had only been to our table to take our order) and she took about another 5 min to get the silverware. Come on people. You have 1 job. Then I notice that what my dad ordered isn't what was put infront of him. They sent it back and got him the right thing. By the time he got his correct food- we were finished ours. Then to top it off they put the wrong order onto our bill. Luckily my dad checked but seriously the waiter still had only been to our table that 1 time to get our orders (and the brief set down of our silverware). This is crap service and the fact that my dad gave her 20% tip because of their retarded electronic tabletop cashier thingy is heartbreaking. Like you even got to rely on the mini iPad on the table to swipe your card. Why do they even have a waiter? Places like this and chilis have turned to garbage. Won't be backTypical Applebee's...food presentation was none existant..spinach dip was bland not enough cheese to make it just right, steak Alfredo Fettuchini was dry not enough sauce to make your mouth water...they need helpWe had a bit of a long wait on a Sunday night only for the hostess to FINALLY ask us after 15 minutes of waiting if we wanted to sit in the bar area...Perhaps me gnawing on my fiance's arm gave her a hint??I have never been in a dingier Applebees. The plates looked greasy and spotted with grimy fingerprints, the eating utensils appeared dirty, our waitress was just okay....No thanks. I won't be back.Just really came because I wanted the appetizers. There was a bit of a wait. However, the staff was very nice from beginning to the end of our experience. Our server was very personable and made sure we had everything we needed at all times. Any questions or changes we had to make she was on it.I remember when this place used to have AMAZING food, but with my recent visits it has been so-so with service usually on top of it's game. It's a place where you go to hang out with friends if you want a casual, fun place to hang but as far as food I would never recommend it.The food here is mediocre at best and the service complements. One would think Military discount at this establishment would be honored but it is not.
The only reason I return is because of the convenience of the location. So ready for an Olive Garden to open up on the Westbank. This place would be history.I had the french onion soup. It was ok. I had the black and bleu burger, I have to say I was a little disappointed. I was expecting a more prominent bleu cheese flavor and that is not what I got. It had more of a southwestern flavor with bacon, red bellpeppers, and just a few bleu cheese sprinkles. The service I got was good.  The food I don't know.This place is complete garbage. Terrible service. The food came out cold. Waited 30 min for check. Terrible do not eat here.This does not even deserve one star. My family and I attempted to have lunch today but we ended up walking out instead. It all started with my husband having to kill THREE flies that were crawling on the window by our table. Then the waitress provided us with the menus and they were filthy. They had dried food on them were torn and truthfully need to be thrown away. Then the Table looked clean until we realized it had old food and crumbs under the basket that holds the condiments. Then on the window ledge by our table it was covered in crumbs as well. Also, the wall was disgusting near our table it had a dead dried up fly stuck to it and food on the wall as well. Then the black shades that you can pull down were lifted and were covered in dried food ALL OVER THEM. I am not sure why we even stayed this long but we did. Then one plate came out and the food looked dried and old and it was not even hot. Also instead of bringing out the food at once a good restaurant would not single out one plate and expect that person to either eat alone or let the food just get cold. This is when we decided we were not going to eat here. So we then asked to speak to a manager who didn't seem to even care. He literally looked at us and said ok y'all have a good day !! Meaning he could care less what we were saying and didn't care if they just lost business !! Do not eat here !!Waited for 30 minutes and nobody came for service. This is the worst experience ever.I've been avoiding going to Applebee's for years after a few bad experiences, but we were shopping at the Rouse's in the same lot and were famished.  I know what you're thinking. It's Applebee's! How great can it be?!  Well, the food at this one is about what you'd expect.  The grilled dijon chicken I ordered was not bad, but my dining partner wasn't crazy about his steak.  I do have to cheer on our waitress, however.  She was lively and very attentive, which is rare from service at any chain restaurant in my experience.  Also, the Perfect Margarita was decent and actually yielded about three margarita's in one go, so no complaints there!Unique (maybe misspelled) was the best thing about this place. She was pleasant and knowledgeable. Drinks, or premade concoctions, as the manger explained them to be were HORRIBLE! I ordered the perfect margarita and there was nothing perfect about it! Then the manger had the gall to tell me that if I wanted it specially made, I had to pay for it upfront. Off-putting and rude! Had the appetizer sampler and it was just ok. Needless to say that I won't be back!I gave 4 stars, because of the service. Food came fast, but my order wasn't correct and it was hard to get the waitress' attention. I eventually decided to eat what I was given, because I was hungry; however, they still tried to up charge for what I originally ordered. I had to get the charges corrected and the waitress kept giving me the wrong receipt. She was very apologetic. Overall it wasn't too bad, the workers should just be more attentive.Fuck the service. All the servers were inattentive. Once we were sat at our table, we waited half an hour to be greeted by the staff who walked past us and even looked at us multiple times. We didn't get our orders taken nor were we offered drinks. We ended up leaving mad with a empty stomach.Filthy restaurant, terrible service (read: rude and shoddy), cold food. I understand they were closing (in two hours), so they'd started breaking down already, but piles of garbage swept to the middle of the floor, bathroom garbage can overflowing....I loved Applebee's in Atlanta. This one was awful.This Applebee's irks the living daylights out of me. I hate it when I check the cutlery and it's DIRTY. Almost every time I go I get dirty silverware and have to ask for a replacement....which will also be dirty. This is that restaurant that makes you think about seriously bringing your own forks and spoons cuz at least you know you won't waste 15 minutes trying to get a clean set. Anyway ON TO THE FOOD :D!
The food is hit or miss....usually miss. I told the friend that I was dining with that the chef is cooking like he is sad, maybe his girlfriend left him. I ordered the mac n cheese with chicken tenders when it just came out and it came out lukewarm and flavorless. My friend and I waited 30 minutes just for our waitress to come back (i mean someone had to see that neither one of us were touching our meals). This time the manager comped our meals and bought us new things to eat...which were just as lackluster. I can't even tell you what we ordered as a replacement. 
However last time I went was probably one of the few times I've actually enjoyed a meal there. Once again I gambled on the mac n cheese and this time it came out great! Service was swift and attentive. i just wish that this experience happened all the time, not just once in a blue moon.
Chocolate lava cake: pretty dang good but not as good as TGI. (served with ice cream)
Butter Pecan Blondie: My go to dessert! Always good especially since I'm not a huge fan of chocolate in desserts (weird I know lol, also served with ice cream and on a sizzling plate). 
Salted Caramel Bites: My bro loved it but I wasn't a fan of the "bite" part . the caramel? Yes, all of my yes!
Overall I wouldn't recommend this place because of it's spotty service and food.The Service was great from start to finish.. The hostess greeted us promptly upon arrival.  We were seated , and the waitress promptly greeted us pleasantly.   Throughout the course she attended to us, making sure we were satisfied.  The food was great and service was superb...* Seated ourselves
* Obtained our own menus and utensils 
* No wait staff approached our table to take our order
* Waited over fifteen minutes for water only after one member of our party spoke with the Manager on Duty
* Waited over thirty minutes for our order
* Had time to look at the reviews during the wait time and found consistency with our experience
* Decided not to dine there and leftI know what you are thinking, and yes I am giving Applebee's 5 stars.
When the boyfriend and I started discussing our mutual love for burgers, I lamented that there just isn't a good burger place on the Westbank. That's when he suggested Applebee's. At first I was skeptical. I mean, come on, how good can an Applebee's burger be? But, he has proven to be a "tough sell" when it comes to food, so I figured that he must know what he's talking about.
We stopped in and of course, immediately knew that we wanted burgers. We both decided on the bacon cheddar cheeseburger. I really like that the waitress asked how we wanted it cooked and when we said "medium" she asked if we wanted pink in the middle, which we did. I feel like a lot of burger places are afraid to cook a burger a little less than medium. When the burger came out, it was perfect. It was perfectly pink in the middle and topped with three thick strips of bacon and thick cheese and the best part is that it was actually delicious! The meat had a lot of flavor and the bacon added a nice touch to it and it all tasted very fresh. I ended up eating the entire thing along with most of the fries that accompanied it.
For dessert, we split the chocolate mousse shooter which was the perfect end to the meal and a real deal for $2.99.
Until the Westbank decides to get a really good burger joint, it looks like Applebee's will be my "go to" for a burger on the Westbank. I will definitely be going back for the bacon cheddar cheeseburger.The employees at this Applebee's are nice. The key problem here is the food; specifically the portions and attention to detail with what goes with the food. I am not sure if it is by direction of the manager or the cooks' own prerogative, but I consistently have received scant portions of food with a wide variety of meals I have ordered here. This photo shows a Steak Salad I ordered to go. I pulled the steak out to reheat it. I tore the salad apart looking for all the steak but only found these five small pieces. On a separate occasion I ordered the Quesadilla Burger and the size of the burger was on par with a McDonald's regular burger (sad looking thing). I have been to enough Applebee's around the country to know what are standard portions from the Applebee's chain. This Applebee's appears to intentionally reduce portions to either save money, prep time, or both.  It is especially bad with to go orders.  All this Applebee's needs to do to increase customer satisfaction and be more profitable is to bring the portions and the small accompanying food items (sauces, etc.) in line with the every other Applebee's I been to outside the state of Louisiana.  This is their key weakness and they lose a lot of return business because it.This place is horrible. We arrived to a filthy dining room and the hostess complaining about how busy they had been. Our server was no good either. When I asked about the different prices on the glasses of wine, he remarked, "I don't know, I'm only 18."  Then when we asked for a clean plate, he came back with one and said "this is the best I can do. We need to get a new dishwasher."  While we ate, we could hear the other servers complaining about their tables and lack of tips and at one point, the manager (Raymond) came out and within earshot, we heard him tell the servers that he wanted to leave early, so they needed to start cleaning.  The food is not worth this awful experience and we will not be going back.Applebees was ok.  Best service I received was from Crystal who handles the bar area.  Service was excellent. Thank youI love to go the Applebees for appetizers.  The greeter,  greets you at the door and seats you, pleasant.  The waitress that served us, was pleasant.  She took our order and we waited..lol The wait wasn't to long and the food  was hot when it arrived. She checked on us throughout dining. I Will return.It's definitely not what you think it is. 
When they revamped their menu & offered the honey pepper, Applebee's was my home!
They are a hit and miss though. Sometimes they're cooking up some good items and other times they're sending you to the restroom. JK. It hasn't been that bad. The worst I've had was just over salted veggies. 
Overall, they're good for what I expect them to be. I don't come here looking for fresh, locally grown, & organic eats.Service was horrible. Food cooked wrong. Mixed orders. Over charged on drinks. Overall never go to Applebee's on the westbank4 years later from my last review and I still give this place 1 star. On a Tuesday afternoon it should not take 10 minutes for the waitress to greet us. She walks up, never says her name but she did smile and ask how we were doing. Asked what we wanted to drink. The drinks came back about 5 minutes later. She came back another 7 minutes later and asked if we were ready to order. I wanted an appetizer but she never offered one. (See the etiquette in restaurants such as this one is to say "would you guys like to try an appetizer?" That would then prompt us [the guest] to then in turn look at the menu again and decide if we want one. See even if we didn't want one, it's always good to ask because you never know, we might not have even thought about it until it was mentioned.) so then we order. The food comes with another waitress. Cool. But she knocks over the cup of lemons I had for my water on the table, apologizes but puts those same lemons back in the cup. Really? The tables are that clean we can eat off them? Really? We eat. Our waitress checks on us twice then brings the bill. Lol AGAIN! Never asked if I wanted a dessert! Lol but since my kid was looking forward getting it I just flagged down our waitress and ordered it. Gee I sure hope a GM or somebody in charge reads this and makes a change. This place could be a real money maker if they tried to give a little effort. There's not many restaurants in Algiers but plenty of potential business.worst applebee's I've ever been to. service super slow when hardly any customers in restaurant. chips and salsa stale, fries dry.Great food and wonderful staff !! Pretty slow when I came in on a Friday night, sat at the bar with Rob , and ordered taco topped queso & chips.. which were so good !!! Sirloin for entree grilled to perfection! They also have $1 Long Islands !!Go there as its quick lunch from work. Went today. Sat at the bar Time was short.15 minutes, no bartender. Lot of servers. And I guess some kind of manager. Looked at me then looked away. Had to go to McDonald's. Was starving. I'm getting a little tired of the no customer service mentality.This is our neighborhood Applebee's. We have always had great service here. We ate there today for Veterans Day. The place was absolutely packed, still, we had a great service and food. There was no delay in service because of the crowd, employees were busy, but not too busy to be professional.7 years later, it actually got worse. 
Bad service.
Ribs so tough and dry, even the waitress couldn't pull them apart. 
Brought half a glass of water. When I asked why, waitress said she was rushed and didn't have time to fill it. WTF??
We left. Told the manager we wouldn't be paying. Told her why. She agreed and we left.Now that my friends was Customer Service. From the moment we walked in the door until we left we felt appreciated and well taken care of. Kendra met us at the door with a greeting and a smile. Our orders were taken by Dana promptly and she was excellent. I even had conversations with the GM as well as the Manager (Dale). I'm blown away by the service. The Grilled Chicken sandwich with cheese and Bacon was very good. the Ribs were also very good. They even brought us a taste of the Brisket that they sell. Needless to say I'll be back, as soon as possible. Be sure to see Dana for New Orleans style hospitality.Well let me start this off by saying the Pepsi was not flat and the ice was cold.
The wait for such an empty place was way too long. Over 30 minutes for chicken tenders and fries.
The cutlery was not the cleanest that I have ever seen.
The chicken was dry, over cooked and crumbled when poked with a fork. The fries were... Boring? They were there, just existing, but even fast food places have better fries.
If you want cold ice and Pepsi with some fizz to it however, this is your place.I used to work at Applebee's, and was never much of a fan of their food, but when I am visiting New Orleans, which mainly has restaurants comprised of fried foods and po' boys, I sometimes enjoy visiting this establishment for something a little different. I ordered the Thai shrimp salad which was only 390 calories and was a good portion size. The salad was pretty tasty and the service was quick. I got to talk with my grandpa for a long time with no waiter trying to rush us to leave. I had a good experience here. I would go back.Terrible. Everything from the hostess, the waitresses and whomever the African American "manager" is could care less about the very serious complaints brought to her attention. She did nothing to even attempt to resolve the issue. I won't ever be going back. Save your money and go to chilis off Manhattan!I gave them two stars because the food was good the strawberry lemonade was awful. The service was horrible. It's the worst service I have ever received in my life. I will go back for the food. But not often and thy don't have a wide selection like the ones in California. The desert was ok. I had the ice cream with a fudge brownie. Will not recommend this place.ordered the whiskey bacon burger and did not get a single fried onion ring. instead what i got were two giant pieces of raw onions. raw! please dont order to go! unless you are feeling lucky.Server ruined meal. She kept interrupting our conversation after we repeatedly told her we wanted to chill and talk for a little while, and slowly enjoy our meal. Restaurant was not crowded yet she kept circling around every 3 min and rushing us. She forced us to box up our food and pay. And then after paying and tipping generously, she continued to bug us until we left. My nerves got so worked up that I forgot my meal that I only took two bites from. Worst experience ever.I WISH this place were better - I wish it were even just average, especially since I live in Algiers.  But it's not.  The steak is awful.  The mashed potatoes are bland.  The chicken is rubbery.  The rice is dry.  The broccoli and mozzarella cheese sticks are really about the only things that taste ok, and they're just that - okay.  I have no idea why I keep hoping it will be better.  I have good memories - from 10 years ago - when this place was on my go-to list (I was 13!).  
Two stars for my most recent venture here - for the drunk guy dancing on his own in the middle of the restaurant and the waitress who gave up trying to keep a straight face while watching him and taking our order.My son and I have sat now for 12 minutes before we received service with attitude and a side of cigarette smoke smell lingering behind her. 
There is a total of maybe 6 table in here because on top of that the credit card machines are down and they are only taking cash. 
How many broken systems can one restaurant have. Get it together or let a restaurant that knows how to service people take your place. 
Second bad experience at this location. There won't be a third.The only good service I have had here is from the female bartender with all the tattoos. This place is a disgrace.Warning: This place is HORRIBLE! Eat there and plan to be disappointed. With only two tables of customers, the service and food was truly the worst I've ever experienced. There's nothing else to elaborate on.My one star is for the waitress bringing me strawberry tea instead of the kiwi tea I asked for, the fact that my husband could get the meal he wanted because the grill is broken (yeah, that bullshit), and my steak did not have the shrimp on it like it was supposed to so the waitress brought it out in a cup for me to pour on myself. And the bill came out to like $53. It's pretty clear we won't be back anytime soon.Unfortunately , after further visits, today's service was extremely horrrible!! It brought bad luck upon me for the rest of the night... after sitting for 10 mins a server never came, we finally ordered apps and beverages ! Spin Dip & Mozz Sticks was nasty PERIODT! I ordered the Bigger Bolder Grilled combo - Chicken & Shrimp . It comes out food was dead from sitting in the window to long. I tell the server about the food , she offers to heat it up, you know via Microwave. Cool Beans , plate come backs out food still cold. I tell the server again so she agrees to get the food remade all over again , I told her okay no problem I'll wait for it . The plate comes out the "3rd" time, Shrimp cold , Potatoes Cold , Chicken Luke Warm , Broccoli Hot ! I gets up and brings her the plate , let her know what's going on I told her to feel the Mashed Potatoes she thought I was kidding but I was so serious she felt them and was like oh wow , apologized and offered to get me something else off the menu, I quickly declined, I just rather pay my bill and leave. I leave here to go to BK to have it my way and unfortunately that didn't happen I had to pull out the driveway after ordering(he didn't want me get a burger dressed like a whopper), I then stops at McDonalds to get something to eat , all to get rear ended in the drive thru!!!! Now on my way home someone nearly collided with my car & almost swerved me off the road. Y'all is too blame! Good Night !Our wait time was short. Our food was delicious everything was hot and fresh. Our rainbow drink was a to show St. Patrick's Day spiritFood is delicious and flavorful but the service is slow and the food is not hot. The skillet meals were the warmest thing We got. The servers are nice but they do fail to disclose important things about your bill it is a 2$ up charge for "loaded mash" as you can see cheese and a piece of bacon makes a difference in the price even if you do get a side. Food was good but overall I won't be returning. Also the French onion supe had hard cheese on top from how cold it was. They also gave me a hard time removing it from my bill because I did not like it But I like my waitress sharleenCame from out of town to visit my mom and dying father, took my mother out to eat and for a little break.  Paid with my debit card, the numbers were stolen and sold/sent to Texas where someone there cleaned out my account.  There is no doubt it was here (my banking institution and I agree and soon we fill find out if the District Attorney does as well) that this is where it happened, as all the other charges on my debit card are routine... and for payment of monthly bills.  I don't care how good the food was it was not worth what was stolen for sure.  Thank goodness I do not keep much money in that account but what if I did????If there were a half of a star rating this place wouldn't receive that from me. Awful is the only word that cones to mind from Food to service. The only reason I ate here was a work related luncheon.  I don't know how this place stays in business.  Never Ever again .The service was just ok , but the food was not good at all . I didn't like my food ,the fries and chicken taste bad , but my friend 's food was ok 
I don't recommend itNothing really bad, more perplexed.  Silverware:  Do they not have enough silverware?  Our waitress seated us but didn't give us any napkins or silverware.  She then took our drink order and when she brought out drinks she still didn't bring out any silverware.  I need the fork to fish out the lemon and I need the fork to squeeze the lemon using the fork as a splash guard.  I asked for silverware and the waitress asked, "Do you need it right now?"  Kind of a strange question.  I said, "No, not right now," trying to polite.  Another waitress brought out our meals and she didn't bring out any silverware or napkins.  I asked her for some napkins and silverware.  She responded with something to the effect, "They are running some now, I get you some as soon as it's ready."  A little while later I flagged down out waitress and again asked for silverware.  She said she'd check to see if it were ready.  As we waited for our silverware I overheard two waitresses behind the bar talking about how you didn't have enough silverware.  There were only six other occupied tables and all were singles or doubles.  What happened to your silverware?!?  Also, please serve salsa with the fajitas.  Our food was okay, no complaints there...Food is horrible always cold quesadilla burger is BS it's as small as a Wendy's bacon cheeseburger would never recommendApplebee's can be good.
Who would have thought this?
Now, don't get me wrong, I am not going all "Chain Food" on you.
But for a quick meal with the family, this was good.
If you are short on time, and looking for a bite, give this place a try.
Service was friendly, food was fast and good.
All around a pleasant experience.This is by far the worst experience I have ever had at Applebee's in my life. I will begin with my waitress who took more than 15 minutes " 15 MINUTES" to come to the table to ask us to wait u til she's finished doing what she's doing. Then she tells us that she's sorry Bc she just messed her tables order up. Mind you after she tells us that she doesn't write down any of our orders down. Our appetizers didn't come out until we had to remind her we ordered them. Once our food came out the steaks was cold and our sides weren't correct, obviously when your waitress doesn't write down a single thing we ordered. After speaking to one of the so called managers she didn't even apologize or show any interest in solving any problems. This Applebee's is horrible and I don't give them any stars and they should be closed Bc service is horrible management is even worse.Ordered my food bout an hour ago. Got here In drive up and was was presented food for everybody in my family except myself. I was also given food for some other order. Waitress had an attitude about her pay or some shit that didn't pertain to me. Now I'm still waiting with food getting cold after angry waitress comes to me to get wrong item she gave to me to give to other people while staying that they waiting on my steak. I hate this place. I will not come here anymore and I will let other veterans  know as well. Disengaged staff that looks as though they really dont give a crap. If they hate having business, then we should stop giving them business.We were seated immediately which was nice. We came here on a Thursday night and it wasn't too crowded. Our server was not the friendliest and only checked up on us once when she gave us our drinks, but that type of customer service is normal in this area and New Orleans so I'm not judging too hard on that. I ordered the broccoli Alfredo pasta and it was dry and the noodles were hard. It was bland. My dad ordered the nachos and he wasn't satisfied with it either. Store bought pasta sauce is better in my opinion.Chris P. Your palette is the standard. The way you describe the culinary experience and atmosphere are truly indicative of your talent as a restaurant critic. When I was planning my food tour of Nawlins (as the locals like yourself call it) I just had to stop at this off the beaten path hidden gem. This is the reason why people come to your city, the food and the culture and you sir are an amazing ambassador for both. This establishment was the best stop on my trip and I look forward to return to sample the unique flavors of "Applebees de General DeGaulle".Tried this place again for car side pick up. Waited about 45 minutes and no one even scanned for any customers. Went inside to apathetic staff that smacked their teeth when I didnt tip. Fuck this placeIf you're on the hunt for some lukewarm food and find being ignored alluring, then boy, are you in luck! In all seriousness, I don't know how they did it but they successfully managed to cook all of our food to the exact same mildly (generous) warm temperate. Our server was nice, and did apologize for her lack of attentiveness, but it was clear she was over-seated (to no fault of her own). Overall, one star for being nice and one star for trying.Let me start off by saying that the 2 for $20 meal deal commercial that I saw before going to your establishment really got the juices flowing in my hog. With that being said, I brought some chick along I was hoping to score with and she LOVED it. Long story short, Applebee's got me laid due to their inexpensive, delicious foods. CP out.This was my first time ordering curbside pickup and will be my last time at this location. My burger wasn't cooked how I ordered and wasn't of great quality. They didn't give me the fries that I chose as an option for my burger. They didn't give me the extra sauces that I paid for. The wings were mediocre. Seemed like they had been sitting for awhile. Very disappointed that they couldn't get a simple order of burger and wings correct and that the quality was so poor. All of this was after waiting over 25 minutes for them to bring my food after my pickup time.Super impressed with the friendliness of the staff , our server charmagne was absolutely so sweet , good portions and can't be the $5 drinks , will definitely be returning !My friend and I were told it was a 30minute wait.We left after 36 minutes of waiting..no text ever came through to be seated.Thee absolute worst.
I ordered the "FOUR Cheese Mac n Cheese" and this is what I received. I mean come on!
Dry naked noodles is what they call Mac n Cheese now?
I ordered thru DoorDash so the idea of bringing it back is honestly too annoying...
But this is unacceptable!
Ohhhh also there was supposed to be bacon lol
I'm laughing at this point!Absolutely terrible. Order somewhere else.... You will thank me later.  Also managed to forgot both of our entrees. Absolutely disappointment and disgrace. Might as well shut this place down tbh. It's a waste of money to keep it open.Food came out of some kind of time warp freezer thingy. It had to because when I got home to eat, everything tasted ancient and freezer burnt. I was so mad I threw all that trash in the garbage.I ordered from here last night, online, we waited for 30 minutes for the food. When the online system said my order would be ready at 9:47pm. Once home, we discovered that the food was not cooked and cold. My baked potato was not done, the broccoli was cold and the fish was not cooked. This was one of the worse experiences ever. I have not had Applebee's in years and last night was a clear indication of why I haven't. I called the restaurant last night to let them know about the food, the young lady offered me the option to get a free meal but after the uncooked fish, they do not have to worry about us eating there ever again.Due to coming across this location from the back, The Girly thought this was a Chili's. After a VERY failed attempt to get Chinese (See Mandarin House review) we came here to eat and wait out the traffic that seems to be bad at 4:30 in the evening.
We each ordered a beer and in all honesty, I thought they had salted the glasses. When I took the first drink, I almost gulped it...And there seemed to be a crust of salt on my lip afterward...So I ordered a water too.
The girly got the Cowboy Burger. It looked HUGE on the menu and she was craving beef. What she got was straight out of the old commercial with Clara Peller, "Where's the BEEF??" The meat? on this burger was smaller than something off the dollar menu at MCDonalds. She ordered it Medium and it came out Hockey-puck. I didn't even know hockey-puck was an option. She ordered crispy fries but what she got made a limp noodle seem like it was on Viagra. And no spices on it at all...not even salt. A cowboy would starve on that mess.
I ordered the doubly crunch shrimp which is supposed to be served with fries, coleslaw and cocktail sauce. I asked for crispy fries.
What I got were about 10 Sysco/School lunch room style flattened shrimp in some kind of hard coating. Crunchy should not = hard.
There was no coleslaw and there was no cocktail sauce. And after tasting one shrimp, I had to go search for our missing waitress to ask for SOMETHING to dip it in...not that it helped at all. I got a small fist-full of soggy fries (Like...a half portion)
SO to sum up.
Check- Salty beer                              
Check- Soggy fries                           
Check- Nasty, tasteless shrimp          
Check- Baby hockey-puck burger       
Check- Missing coleslaw                   
Check- Half portions (Thanks for reminding me I'm too fat)
I would recommend this place to someone with a spice allergy who needed to lose. 30lbs and 30 days. And people that I don't like.Worst service.  All of the employees are standing around and sitting there not being greeted with our menus on the table.  They don't deserve a tip with shitty ass service they provide.this was the worst ever, I ordered the steak and spinach lite dish and it came out floating in water.  I returned it and ordered the 1/2 slab of rib with sweet mashed potatoes and garlicy green beans.  The green beans was still frozen so frozen that the butter was frozen on top of the beans.  The manager seemed as though he was upset that I returned the food.  The restaurant was nasty and dirty. I will not be returning to Applebee's again.
 MarleneNo stars... period.
 I live an hour away from the General DeGaulle location so after a medical appointment I was delighted to eat at one of my favorite restaurants. I called to order curbside and while in the middle of my order, was placed on hold. The order taker returned to not remember anything that I had previously ordered. Upon repeat, she announced that rib dinners HAD to be served WITH COLESLAW; a side that I DO NOT eat. I inquired for clarity if what was being explained was that the coleslaw could not be substituted and that I would still be charged EVEN IF I did not want this item... 
I was severely disappointed. I was not feeling well, and had to drive back on an hour's long ride nauseous and upset. This is AWFUL, APPLEBEES... I plan to use my wide sphere of influence to inform Westbank and surrounding areas of how poorly your decision was. You forfeited on a forty dollar order, denied a runner a great tip and for what? Because nobody wants your coleslaw??? Here's a tip.. get rid of the coleslaw and keep your patrons.. we're not children; and we only clear our plates because we want to; not because we HAVE to.