They make their own pasta! (Yes, even the gluten free fusilli!)
Stopped in on a Tuesday for dinner after reading the good Yelp reviews. Honestly, it looks a little sketchy from the outside... Don't let that scare you away. Inside it's warm and inviting. It's an order-at-the-counter type place, so you order at the counter (with the help of the giant menu boards), and they bring everything (even drinks) to the table. They brought out our salads first, then our pasta, which I liked. Service was quick and friendly!
Now for the food... It was pretty good! They were doing 50% off Small Plates, so my boyfriend and I both started out with the Caesar Salad, which was honestly not great. (There's no Parmesan or pepper on it!) The crouton was really tasty though, and I added Parmesan at the table. Not bad for being $3, though I might have been annoyed if I had paid $6. As for pasta, both of us did Make-Your-Own. (It's what made me want to come here in the first place.) I ordered the Rigatoni w/ Grandma's Bolognese (+ Italian Sausage). My boyfriend, who is Celiac and therefore gluten-free, got the Gluten-Free Fusili w/ Puttanesca (+ Gulf Shrimp). Overall, we loved and were really impressed by the housemade pasta. Both of us thought the sauces were really flavorful too, though if I returned I'd probably choose something less traditional. Boyfriend really, really liked the gluten-free pasta. It is, amazingly, housemade as well! (We found this out because Boyfriend liked it so much he asked what brand it was and they said they make it in the back. Nice!)
Overall, this is a great casual place with tasty food. I also really like the flexibility of the Make-Your-Own Pasta option. Seems like it provides a little something for everyone. 
Bring everyone, especially your gluten-free friends! (Unless they like meatballs... The meatballs aren't gluten-free.)Gotta say, this was the best pasta I've had since our trip to Italy earlier this year.  Do not come here if you want upscale ambiance on a quiet safe New Orleans street.  Come if you want great quality food at a reasonable price.  Lots of take out orders and a few patrons sitting at tables.
Beer and wine on the menu. Bolognese was flavorful. Pesto was fresh and on point.  Pastas cooked perfectly. Meatballs had great texture but over spiced with fresh herbs (personal opinion, of course).
We will be back.  Thank you for a high quality meal.I found it hilarious that the first question asked by Yelp! When I checked in here was: 'Is this place hipster?', yes, yes it is. Three of us walked in and the place was moderately occupied, they were also gearing up to have a little band for some live music.
The hostess greeted us, asked if we had been before and gave us a brief 'how-to' with ordering. She seemed a bit flustered because according to her they were busy. I had to look around like, really? This is busy? There was a whole table free, not a single person at the bar, and probably 10 heads in the restaurant, total. 
Anyways, you place your order at the counter and it's brought to your table. I like sometimes paying for your meal first, especially when in groups. It cuts down on confusion when is time to pay a tab, plus I like being able to just get up and leave when you're done instead of having to wait to pay.
We had starters of the spicy meatballs (not spicy at all), they were pretty good. We also had the bruschetta which was also good, kinda hard to mess up bruschetta tho. The starters were not too heavy, so I was able to tackle my pasta alright. As Paige said, the bread is nothing to talk about, I second her on the suggestion of skipping on them as much as you can. 
My pasta consisted of: rigatoni, spicy tomato sauce, Italian sausage and artichoke. It was pretty good, nice kick to it, the sauce was not too heavy, but I think I should have gone with a different pasta; I was torn between the rigatoni and the black pepper fettuccine. I'll definitely be going with that next time. 
And there WILL be a next time.Amazing!  I wish we had this restaurant in Portland!  Friendly staff, great beer, casual attitude.  The salad were big which I love.  The best was that we could choose exactly the pasta dish combination we wanted.  The sauces were all amazing.  We walked 3/4 of a mile two different nights of our vacation to eat there.Create your own pasta dish: choose your favorite pasta type and pick your sauce plus toppings. 
Great idea and the food tasted amazing.
Extra plus are the fantastic drinks here!The guys who own and run the place are really welcoming and provide amazing service. The food is incredible. Probably some of the best pasta I have ever had. They are working on putting a bar in soon, so it will be complete. But I can't tell you enough, how amazing the food was.Monday night, 40 minute wait after ordering for pasta really?  All out of chicken , and bruschetta?  Would have gone someplace else but the weather is horrible and flooding.  The food here is usually good but it seems like management is not prepared for business.The spinach pasta was great, the sauce wonderful and the chicken very tasty. Great service by good people made for a nice dinner.I agree with previous yelpers that it is very noisy. But aside from that, this place is amazing! There is nothing around like this place. Everything tastes fresh. We didn't know there was a patio or else we would have sat outside.Outstanding, fresh pasta with just as fresh ingredients. Awesome everything. Looking forward  to going back ASAP.My first time here and I was so confused. Its not like your usual order and pay spot once you are done. I enjoyed having the stress free duty of paying before i ate my food. I really enjoyed my Cocktail called the Serial-Quila. Not as Sweet as I would think. The food is really good. I ordered the chicken pasta Alfredo with the shrimp. Me and my son liked the food. My son enjoyed the long fettuccine noodles. The seating may  be small and also parking is very limited.  Overall I enjoy this place. There are also many options of noodles, and sauces, and meat combos you can choose to build from or you can order already put together pasta meal selections. Just be mindful of limited parking and maybe limited seating. Other than that this place was cool. The environment can be a nice trendy family spot and also a nice date spot.Neighborhood restaurant - fresh pasta, good desserts and service. Can be a bit loud when the place is full. This area is one of the redeveloping neighborhoods in New Orleans. You may want to park in a high traffic area if you are visiting after dark.Dude. Its so good. The amount of choices you get is obsurd. They make the noodles in house and you can tell. Try it!Pretty much agree with the other Yelp! reviews. The atmosphere is very much "hipster", but I liked the setting! As it was my first time, I was unaware that you had to order first at the register. You were then to be seated. As a vegan, it's pretty much a hit or miss when tagging along with someone to an unknown restaurant. The "spaghetti" is the only pasta that does not contain egg! Perfect! I ordered that with the pomodoro sauce & mushrooms. The mushrooms were uber tasty. I can't complain at all, as there still was an option for me. My dish really hit the spot for some comfort food!!Good food, great beers ($10 pitchers on Fridays), quality service. Food was ready quickly and everyone with me enjoyed it. Highly recommend classic spaghetti and meatballs, can't go wrong with it.Checked out this little gem last night with a couple of friends. I grew up eating and cooking Italian often, so it usually isn't my go to when picking a cuisine to choose for a restaurant, but I'm glad I chose Italian last night! The flavors are very forward and fresh, all of their pasta is made in house! The sauces were delicious (especially the one with blue cheese involved). The menu is creative and full of great chefs ideas, though I think my favorite part is that you can create any combination you would like. 
In addition to the delicious and fresh food, they have a great selection of local beers on tap, including some of the up and coming ones in Louisiana: Gnarley Barley and 40 Arpent. That alone should give you reason to venture over to Arabella's.
Prices are reasonable, and to top it off, they have cannolis that rival Angelo Brocato's. Enjoy!Had the fantastic special entrée called the 'John Belu-cheese.' The menu made it sound busy but the flavors blended very well. Couldn't put down the fork. Tried my partner's black pepper fettuccine and enjoyed that as well. We tried the spicy meatball appetizer which was super (I'll be getting them and the BP fettuccine next time) and we got the bruschetta which was disappointing. 
Staff was very friendly and attentive,  especially for an order at the counter format. The restaurant got very loud as people came in though.
Great bang for the buck here. Check 'em out.I like this pasta/dinner concept, and am surprised that it has not been done before!  I will be back on my next N.O. visit.
We took the street car to Arabella's.  It is two blocks from the end of the line.  We also stopped by the nearby Walgreens to pick up a bottle of wine for our dinner, even though they have a fine selection of wines at Arabella's.  I think the corkage fee was $5.  We ordered one of the pasta specials and one of the make your own pasta/sauce.  They noticed the bottle on our table and they quickly brought over 2 wine glasses and uncorked the wine.  Thank You... . nicely done!  
We gobbled up our food, and even shared a canoli for desert.  We have never ordered a desert before, but, we really wanted to try this one.  MMmmmmmm ooooh it's so good.. .I love this place!!! The food is so fresh and made to order! Pick your own ingredients. I love that the portion sizes are just enough. You can bring your own bottle of wine. So it's a perfect place to go with a few friends or have date night. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere.So, so good. I was craving it last night but blew all my money on Christmas gifts so I couldn't afford it, unfortunately.
I've gotten the fettuccine alfredo with chicken here twice and I thought it was SO flavorful and delicious. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was so rich and creamy and peppery, as alfredo sauce should be. Perfect thickness.
The vibe was great. I'm not big on trendy/hipster places and this place is definitely that BUT the bartenders and cashier were exceptional and friendly, not "cool" at all, and my overall service was superb. I sat at the bar and was mesmerized by watching old school WWE on their TV and felt so comfortable and happy here. Also, their tiramisu was BOMB. It was so light and fluffy and delicious, I'm not ashamed to say I actually ate an entire one of these desserts completely by myself recently (it's huge...).
Definitely try this place out if you're sorely missing Italian food in New Orleans. I'm from Boston and desperately miss my North End plethora of Italian options, but this is an excellent solution to these problems.This place is fantastic!! A bit off the beaten path from the French Quarter. Best meal we had all week. Excellent food for a vegetarian.  You are able to create your own dish and you end up with a delicious meal!!The food is really good. I do feel like this portion size of pasta you get is relatively small for the price. I'm usually not full after eating the whole bowl.We bought a living social deal to this wonderful restaurant and now have a new favorite place! Wow! it was so good. everything was super fresh and everyone working there was so nice and friendly.
We had a salad, appetizer, entree and even dessert and not one complaint about any of it. We can't wait to go back and try more of menu.
love, love , love this place!Love this place. I live nearby and usually just get takeout, but tonight I decided to dine in. The service was good: staff was friendly and food came out quickly enough. I always get the Marco Polo, but decided to customize my own dish tonight and it was wonderful. 
The atmosphere is casual and relaxed. Last week I stopped by to grab takeout and a great band was playing inside. If you're looking for good Italian at a fair price, comThis is one of my favorite places in New Orleans for pasta, I come here anytime I am craving freshly made pasta. I had the funghi sauce and fettucini and loved it! Both the pasta and the sauce tasted amazing. I have been multiple times and will definitely be back in the future.I went with 3 other people, we each had something different. I had the fredo, my boyfriend had the John bleu. The fredo sauce was good, as was the pasta. Overall the portion was appropriate, but there could've been more broccoli and chicken in the dish. The sauce was very thick, which I enjoyed. My boyfriend said that the John bleu was alright. The blue cheese flavor was mild. The pasta was cooked well. We both thought the chicken meat was dark, perhaps thighs, which we didn't like. I wish it would've been marketed as such. The ambience was causal. The three star rating is because while we though the food was okay, we generally wouldn't recommend it.I always go in to this place with high expectations and leave disappointed. The first time I went I had the meat sauce and felt it needed way more spices and flavor. This last time, I took my my mom and sister and we each ordered and different salad. I ordered the arugula salad and added chicken for 2 dollars. My mom and sister got their salads first and my sister ate hers before I even got mine. I got my giant plate of arugula, with a few tomatoes and onions and the added chicken and took a bite. I thought the chicken looked off but I had to get my phone out for light. The chicken was dark meat. I hate dark meat chicken and thought it was odd that dark meat was the 2 dollar add on option. My mom loves dark meat so I gave it to her... She wasn't sure about it, thought something was off. I didn't complain because we had happy hour prices. 
I want to go back and get pasta again but I know to specify white meat.
Update - I really do enjoy this place. I think they have phenomenal food and it took me a few menu items to find my dish. I wanted to love it and it's really getting there!!!Been here several times. Great homemade pasta with homemade sauce. I think Arnold said it best... I'll be backWe randomly stopped in and the food was delicious!!! We started with the Caesar salad and it was so good. Light and great flavor. I had the meatballs and spaghetti (the meatballs were tasty). My husband had the bolognase with black pepper fettuccine and added Italian sausage. It was delicious!!!! Normally, after pasta you're full and miserable but this was light and we were content. Great relaxed atmosphere. We will definitely be back!Eh. That's how I would describe the food. This will probably end up on their list of "free explanation of why I hate yelp" but I'll survive. The spaghetti was slightly over cooked and overall, out of the two dishes we ordered, they were both pretty bland. I guess you get what you pay for because it's inexpensive. The atmosphere and actual restaurant is really cute. It took a long time to get our food but I guess that's what happens when everyone is ordering make-your-own pasta. I appreciate that everything is house made. The cocktails were pretty good.So delicious!  Got the spicier sauce on rotini and my husband got the blue cheese gravy.  Yum.  Love how fresh the pasta was.  The girls that took our orders and served us were both really polite and helpful.  The set up was efficient and casual.  Would definitely return to try more items.I love pasta. Wish we lived closer so we could enjoy it more often. I had the Spaghetti dish and it was very good, the sauce had a bit of a kick to it. My fiancé enjoyed the Lamb dish. Sauces were rich and pasta was al dente. Worth a stop if you like pasta.This place is as perfect as it gets. 
Pasta made in house, cooked al dente. A mix and match menu so that everyone is happy. Staff is absolutely awesome. 
We even had our rehearsal dinner there because the food is so outstanding.I do love the food here and the ambiance but they really need to learn how to not serve too quickly between courses.  I loathe having
 my entree coming as I put my first fork full of salad into my mouth.  It's worth the visit just know beforehand that all of your food is coming at one time.Really affordable fresh pasta with mix and match options. A nice, casual vibe and a bar inside. I'm really glad that this dining option opened up in New Orleans.It has taken me three weeks to get over how mad I am about the food at this pop-up, non New Orleans like, restaurant.  First off, when do you ever pay before you eat, except for take-out food at a chain or fast food place?  Why do they do that you may ask? Because the food was inedible and there is not a possibility of you walking out without paying your check!  The meatballs were so salty and disgusting that I took one bite and could not finish.  The Jacks pasta was just as salty and gross.  When I told the waiter ummmmmm. this is not good, he said, "the chef must have put too much salt in the water..."  I will not be surprised if the next time I visit New Orleans, there is a Fried Chicken joint where Arabella once sat.  At least, I hope there is.This was listed as a must do place for vegetarians, so we went. Bruschetta was regular bread with tomatoes and basil. Pesto pasta was ok. Black pepper fettuccine was quite bland. Spicy tomato pasta was extremely spicy, even for my Indian palette. It was bland but for the hot spice. Not many vegetables to add too.
It was very ok overall.This place isn't in the best location, but worth the walk from Frenchman St.  They have a hip vibe with original wall art, full bar with TV for sports, and a walk up counter to take your order.  The atmosphere was clean, bright, smoke-free, with good music.  
The menu is a combo of Italian pastas, sauces, and add-ons like meatballs or chicken.  I ordered the bruchetta and cheese/meat platter.  All the food was fresh, presented well, and absolutely delicious.  The portions were well sized, not enough to take home but you'll leave full.  My friends ordered various pasta dishes and they were equally impressed.  Finished with some cannolis for the win.Best pastas. We loved all the entrees we had for dinner. Enjoyed the drinks as well. Spicy pasta was the best of all.Best of NOLA! Quirky but tasteful ambiance makes this a crowd-pleaser for casual and intimate dining. The counter service style for ordering food expedites the orders quickly and efficiently. Solid selection of beer and wine that caters to small batch preferences. The meatball  app is a family recipe I hear and def a must-try. My favorite selections for pasta are "The John Belu-Cheese" (garnished with cracklin'/chicharrones) and Build-Your-On: Gluten-Free Fusilli + Funghi + Italian Sausage. Skip dessert, not made in-house womp womp wommmmmp. Catch a show at Allways Theatre and Lounge afterwards for a fun night in the Marigny!!!We were SUPER disappointed because there were so many positive reviews. We were drawn to this place because I am gluten-free and my mother is vegetarian and there were ample options for both of us. First, kudos for offering GF pasta. The bottle of wine was also tasty. However, my husband got the spicy tomato pasta. We asked, "how spicy is it- super spicy or a bit of a kick?" and they said "bit of a kick." It was waaaaaay more than a bit of a kick. Super spicy and he can tolerate spicy, and even enjoys it, but if it's too spicy it makes his nose run so he skips that in public. His nose was running after the first bite. My mom got the shrimp scampi. My husband and my mother found it to be very bland. I had the GF fusilli with the funghi sauce (mushrooms and cream). My sauce was by far the best, but the pasta was very gritty and card-boardy. There are so many better brands of GF pasta than what they used. I was very disappointed. If you're close, maybe it's worth the walk, but I really wouldn't go out of your way to eat here.Delicious food, the pasta was yummy, the spinach salad refreshing, attentive service, the entertainment 'a nawlins blast' - eight dice cloth, a lovely evening! Well worth a repeat visit!This place is seriously fantastic. Everyone that works there is SO genuinely happy to be there working & SUPER friendly. SUCH a rarity in New Orleans. We were checked on MULTIPLE times to make sure our food & experience was absolutely perfect, which it was.
Now onto the food:
I ordered the black pepper fettucine with pecan pesto (?) sauce with shrimp - YUM! I loved it & the portion size was slightly big for me, so I had leftovers for lunch the next day! AWESOME!
Just FYI - when you walk in, you check out the menu & order your entire meal at the hostess/cashier stand.  Street parking.  Big screen TV that they play 80's/90's movies on - LEGIT. The bathroom door is painted like a Tardis (for any of you Doctor Who fans out there)! Also it's BYOB! =)
Can't wait to go back for more!This place was hands down the best Italian food I've had in years, maybe even ever! It was that good we came twice within the space of 3 days. My boyfriend loves Italian food and could eat it all day everyday. 
What we ordered: Fusilli with Funghi sauce and Italian Sausage this was AMAZING! 
Fettuccine with pesto sauce and chicken.Don't let the casual atmosphere fool you. This is good food! Can't go wrong with homemade pasta. The sauces were fresh and so flavorful, and I love that you could personalize it to your taste by adding vegetables. I had the creamy spicy tomato sauce. It had an awesome kick to it. My mother had the Putanesca sauce. A little fishy tasting for me, but my mom loved it. I also really appreciate that even though you pay at the beginning, they still give you table service and space out the courses.It's actually kind of fucked up how good this place is. It's fucking amazing. I thought I was a pretty good pasta chef until I ate here. I didn't even know the shit they do with noodles was fucking possible. I have spent hours talking to another man about how fantastic this place is. He claimed it was the freshly made pasta that was their secret, but we all know the secret is in the fucking sauce. Every sauce here is better than the last. I wish there was some way to get every fucking sauce at once. I'm totally into the counter ordering thing they have going on too.  I'm not a beer drinkers' beer drinker, but this place has great beer. I usually get the one with oatmeal.
I've noticed a few people commenting that this is somehow in a bad neighborhood. This to me is perplexing. It is but a stones throw from the new epicenter of the gentrification argument as well as a food co-op where you can buy fucking $6 milk. I guess if you absolutely cannot look at a poor person the neighborhood is "unsavory" but otherwise it's about as dangerous as anywhere else in New Orleans where they open a new restaurant every three weeks.I've now been in here a few times with different people each time. I prefer the white, creamy sauces to their red sauces and the short noodles (esp the rigatoni) to the long. The food is mostly consistent although one visit I got the red sauce that was quite a bit spicer than I remember - like too spicy to eat. 
At the bar, I don't recommend straying from the nightly special because of how good the deal is. A $1 can of All Day IPA on Thursdays may not pair best with my pasta, but it's hard to pass that up for an $8 glass of just the house red wine. 
The atmosphere is what makes me think twice about eating here because my visits have been so random, and I just don't know what to expect anymore. Most recently, they had a Disney movies playing so loudly it was hard to converse. The time before that there was a traditionally Italian singer, but some sort of punk circus acts performed intermittently. That was an odd scene. All the stuff going on the last few visits just made it hard to enjoy the company I was with, and that was the reason I went there in the first place.I'd heard good things about Arabella and finally got around to trying it tonight. I passed by around 8pm en route to see a show and it was packed. By the time got  back around 9pm it was maybe half full so didn't have to wait :-) I appreciated the nice low key vibe.
Got the meatball appetizer which was yummy and enough for 2 (or even 3) people. Really enjoyed the spinach salad with strawberries and pecans (tho now I have a kinda coating in my mouth--happens sometimes when I have spinach like that--does that happen to other people?) 
For the main course, got linguine with the putnesca sauce. If I was a little disappointed that the anchovies that were promised seemed to be ground up as part of the sauce, the goodly amount of asparagus that I ordered as an add-on (for $1 more) made up for it. Also nice amount of capers which I like, but they seem to wind up in the bottom of the bowl, the little buggers. Lol Very generous portion of pasta. And if you like your sauce with a kick, this one's for you due to the poblano peppers; still it's not too too much just enough to leave your lips tingling.
Service was pleasant and efficient. And it was cool to see the gent making the pasta in the back just outside the kitchen.
Already looking forward to going back and trying other dishes. Welcome to the 'hood!So it's still incredibly noisy here. They've done little about the sound problems when it's crowded. If you want to have a conversation, it's nearly impossible.
What they really need to work on is the service. It's still terrible. This time it only took 35 minutes for the food to come out. Seriously, this restaurant isn't that big, nor is the food that complicated. I can't possibly imagine why three dishes come out and then 15 minutes go by without another one coming out. Are they growing the wheat back there?
Appetizers came out after about 10 minutes and then we waited. And waited. And waited. After 30 minutes all told I asked one of the people working to check on our order. Her response was classic. "We had a rush. It'll come out when it comes out." Said in the snottiest tone of voice possible.
Charming. Apparently cleaning tables for a mostly empty restaurant was more important than finding out about the orders of the customers sitting and waiting. 
The food finally came, and mine was cold. I asked the person bringing it to take it back in the kitchen and heat it up (I've probably sent a dish back to the kitchen 3 times in my whole life). Someone from the kitchen brought it back out a few minutes later (perhaps the owner from the last time, my memory is hazy) and he said "I don't know how that happened, it comes out of the water boiling hot."
Again. Charming attitude. 
Finally, when we were leaving the attitude came back. The person clearing the tables said "was it hot enough?"
Just....don't. This city is full of good restaurants who don't treat their customers like they're doing you a favor by serving you dinner.This place is all around awesome. The owners Mowgli and Amanda are lovely people who are veterans in the restaurant industry. Food is super affordable, the pasta is fresh, sauces are on point. I also loved the meatballs. I only wish it was full service. If you sit up at the bar though , Scott will take your order and keep you in great company. Overall, a great, quality down to Earth place with something for everybody.This place was very good. Their homemade pasta is very good but the night I went my chicken was very dry. The meatballs are very good though, definitely worth getting on your pasta or as an app. I loved the Don's salad, totally doused in Italian dressing but so good.Good relaxed vibe to chill with friends, pasta that bordered on a tourist's best meal of New Orleans and a gorgeous bartender. Couldn't have asked for a better place to eat.Great sauces, homemade pastas and a friendly, outgoing staff. I don't think you can ask for any more than that. I love the fact that it is a husband and wife team (and maybe another friend) that ventured put to open this place. Both the husband and wife were very suite.
The meatballs were succulent, smoky and delicious. The pasta (fusil, cream sauce, chicken and herbs) was fantastic. This is great Italian food at a great price. Indeed, I will be back again.Made an impromptu visit here while on a girls trip to NOLA. Best decision ever!! Being vegetarian, we were nervous about not being able to have any options. However, just about everything on this menu was vegetarian friendly. The spicy tomato cream sauce is TO DIE for!! So delicious, with the right amount of kick to make your pasta taste wonderful. The pasta itself was very slightly undercooked, but besides that this was a great place with wonderful food and lovely service.Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Party of 3 at 6PM on a Wed. We had Spicy meatball and bruschetta appetizers, both enjoyable. For mains we created our own pasta with Black pepper fettuccine and rigatoni pasta, Pomodoro, and fungi sauce, additions of Chicken, Ital sausage, artichokes, red peppers, asparagus.  The sausage was a hit. The garlic Bread served with was the only let down, it was Mehhh. The meal was appetizing, very tasty, well prepared seasoned and presented. Delicious high quality home made pasta and sauces.  Very pleasantly surprised by the house wines. We managed to hit Happy hour, so appetizers and wine by the bottle were half off. Lovely bar Local beers on tap.  Not a huge space but very open and not crowded with tables. Enjoyed the sci fi pop culture references in the decore. It wasnt packed but IM sure it gets that way and that when it does the noise level would be hard to talk around.This place was exactly what we were looking for. All fresh made pasta and great craft beer options on tap. The salads were fantastic and so was the pasta.Arabella gets 5 stars for sure.  It's a simple concept - create your own pasta bowls with a variety of pastas, sauces, and toppings.  It is cheap, filling, and totally delicious.  The owners and staff are super friendly and it is yet another reason why I find myself routinely bypassing the hassles of the CBD and construction war-zone uptown to head to St. Claude for dinner.  However, one of the real reasons this is a favorite place of mine is totally personal.  Wherever I go, my wife consistently orders better then me.  I don't know how she does it - but she generally ends up with the best tasting item on the menu that I spend my meal staring at jealously.  For some reason at Arabella the stars align and I always end up with the perfect plate of pasta that I lord over while she tries to convince me to share.  It's good to be the king.Found this place while visiting the area on a work trip a couple weeks ago. Someone on here described it as "hipster", which is pretty on point, lol. It's a cool little place in a shopping center. The gal up front was friendly. Here's how it works:  their menu is written on a large floor to ceiling (if I'm recalling correctly) chalkboard. Cool, and a different approach. Except that a group of olds came in after us and kind of took over, pushing us to the side. Why so rude, Olds? 
Our food was alright. I had the spaghetti...basic but usually dependable. I forget what my husband got. We both commented on how our dishes tasted fishy. 
Would I go back? Sure, I'd give them another try.Everything here is amazing!! All the pastas are made fresh daily!! The sauces are to die for! Must eat hereSuch a fun place. We took pictures next to Darth Vader. Its a cozy spot with a good beer selection.   For out of towners like me and my family, this was a great New Orleans find.Very solid spot for simple pastas. I had the black pepper fettuccine with spicy tomato cream sauce. Pasta probably could've spent another 30 seconds-minute cooking, but was still delicious. Sauce was excellent (though it overpowered the black pepper element of the pasta i chose, kind of my fault). Also tried the spaghetti with the pomodoro sauce. It was maybe a bit plain, but not bad by any means. Service was timely, not super crowded but not dead either and we got our food within ~10 minutes. You may be able to find better pasta dishes at say, domenica, at least a few years ago, but for the price, its an absolute steal. Also, didn't have any alcohol, but the weekday drink specials were steals.Their food is fresh, delicious, reasonably priced, and in generous servings - but not so large as to be ludicrous and requite a go-box.  OWNER TAKE NOTE:  Staff was friendly to the point of adorable, super knowlegdeable, and with a true professional gloss.  
We lived in Tuscany and WOW, this pasta is honest-to-goodness pasta.  The tiramisu just about made me find religion.  Well done, Arabella's!  I'm going to guide tourists to you and drag in my friends who have proven themselves worthy of a truly great meal.
Thank you so very much for my perfect anniversary dinner.I am preggers...I am all about food for this human growing inside of me and both of us have mad crazy cravings for Fusilli with Funghi and spinach with extra sauce. Seriously....yummy!!!!!! I come in once and sometimes twice a weekI come here often because I crave the chicken with pesto.  And my fiancé loves the funghi sauce.  Tonight they were a bit off with the chicken being salty.  Scott totally made it right by not making a big deal out of the fact we wanted new plates and immediately replaced them with new ones. Great recovery Scott. And great service! 
P.s. I have been here a million times and it's the first time ever that I was even remotely not into my dish.   The food here is so good!
Come eat here soon!Ever since that year of undergrad where I ate nothing but penne (it was after the 6 months of nothing-but-potatoes), my relationship with pasta has been rocky.  With the exception of lasagna, my reception of noodles has been rather lackluster and sometimes even downright negative. When I saw a pasta-focused restaurant appear with outstanding ratings, I secretly hoped that FSM was giving me a noodly olive branch in hopes of wooing me back to the carb side.
I was not disappointed.  Yes, you can pick what you want, and YES, it is delicious in the mouth.  While I still don't think I'm fully recovered from my traumatic past, I think this place might eventually help me overcome it.Arabella is awesome. The salads and pastas are amazing and, most importantly, consistent. Consistency cannot be stressed enough. I've tried numerous combinations and always been happy. Keep it up Arabella! I will always be a customer.Fun little place just around the corner from the inn we were staying at on Marigny and recommended by the inn staff. We really liked the setup of ordering different combinations of pastas, sauces, and toppings. The pasta combinations we ordered were great (get the meatballs), service was efficient, cannoli for dessert perfect. Nice drink specials, too.With a 4.8 avg rating I expected A LOT better. This place was terrible. No cannolis to start. An Italian place should never run out. Period. No excuses. The pasta? I've made better in my sink. What exactly am I missing? $15 a plate should taste better than what I just ate. Save yourself the trip and go get some gumbo or authentic fare this place is best left OFF your list. Wouldn't come back or recommend unless you bribed me with a dozen cannolis. Avoid, unless you're desperate, and then, there's a Checkers down the street....Yum! This place is great. I had the spicy tomato cream sauce with rigatoni and it was SPICY. Delicious but incredibly spicy. Portion size was exactly right and service was stellar. I am already looking forward to my next trip.Really cool little restaurant with great hand made fresh pastas with high quality ingredients!  Turned my bad day into a great one :)Wow! Came here on a recommendation and was not disappointed!  Tiramisu was totally authentic and the bruscetta was so FRESH! Service was great and the vibe was very inviting.  Only bad thing is it is difficult to find and a bit off the beaten tourist path...but those aren't bad things to me.  All in all, I loved this place.That would be a no go for me dawg -Randy Jackson voice
The food looked ok but was totally flavorless. 
I basically had to bring out the cast iron and recook it when I got home. You know with ingredients and flavors and spices. By the time I finished I figured I may as well have just stayed home.I love this place. You have two options: make your own dish or order from the menu which consisted of 5 very different and delicious sounding pasta dishes. I ordered the Jack Daniels cream sauce with rigatoni, chicken, green onions , garlic and chicken cracklins. It doesn't get better than this. They have a lot of options to mix and match and you really can't go wrong. 
Also loved the cozy restaurant itself. It was clean and spacious with plenty of seating.Simple but delicious.  Meatballs are yum.  Spicy tomato cream sauce was spicy, I did not have to add red pepper flakes to it.  Fast and friendly service.We had not tried Arabella before but had heard good things about it.  It is a very casual atmosphere.  You order at the register and they bring your food to your table. The decor is very quirky and funny a great atmosphere to have a few drinks and a delicious meal.  But the meal!  The pasta was the best I have had outside of Italy. Wonderful!  The sauces that we sampled were perfect.  How it works is, you pick  your pasta then your sauce and then add items to it if you wish.  I chose the black pepper fettuccini with the puttanesca sauce and added itialian sausage and artichoke.  I will say it again, best pasta outside of Italy.   For after we had a couple Cannoli that they make in house and you have a choise of toppings.. Save room for the cannoli  :-)So so good! I'm not a connoisseur of many things but I love pasta. And boy does this place know how to make delicious pasta. I got the John bleucheese (I think that was the name) and it knocked my socks off. If you haven't been yet you're missing out!I've tried two dishes, one spaghetti with meatballs in a classic tomato sauce.
The pasta a bit over cooked and the parmesan was grinded a long time ago so it was pointless to add that. It wasn't bad though. It was just ok. 
The second dish I ate was penne with lamb in a spicy tomato sauce. Much tastier than the spaghetti incident. 
The pasta was al dente and even though I prefer "spicy" to be hot for real there was a nice chili touch. All and all a quite nice dish. 
Luckily for me I went there a thursday and enjoyed a fullers' IPA for only 1$. Happy thursday me!
If you crave pasta instead of fried shrimp, and different messy po-boys it's absolutely worth it. But don't expect a taste transportation to Venice. All you get is a pretty nice meal. (and remember - if it's Thursday you get away with a bargain if you enjoy a beer or two)Service was slow and lax at the bar.
Pasta could have used double the amount of sauce. Could barley taste the meat sauce.
For the price, theres better pasta options in the city.  
and wheres the bread??This place is sick, well worth driving out of the touristy area.   Almond soda with creamFavorite pasta in New Orleans! I come here at least twice a month a and they never disappoint!