Extremely upscale bar in the french quarter. I would definitely go here and check it out. The place is huge and there's even a small haunted museum upstairs.A must stop if your interested in visiting the quarter's historic bars and sipping NOLA's iconic drinks.  If you do stop by, be sure to order the French 75.  A cool feature of the bar is that they allow cigar smoking and will provide you with the necessary tools and even a cigar for purchase if you didn't bring one.  Great service in a relaxing dimly light atmosphere.Went here for a before dinner drink on a special night. I have always loved this place and still do. We sat in a cozy corner past the bar on some real comfy furniture. I ordered a Bishop and my friend ordered a French 75, the namesake. They were both great. What I like about Chris Hannah's concoctions is that he often uses cognac as the "spirit" in his cocktail, a nod to the French heritage of cocktail making in this great cocktail city. The French did not use  whiskey so much which is a British and American thing. So cognac or brandy, distilled grape juice, was the backbone of the French/New Orleans cocktail. When the Sazerac was created, it was made with cognac, not rye, a later evolution. Chris, your creativity and recognition of our French heritage, is noted and appreciated.
The only negative in my view is that it is a cigar bar, and thus smoking is allowed. To each his own.We had an amazing time here! Chris Hannah was attentive to my dry palate and made a custom whiskey drink that was delicious, was incredibly charming and suggested favorite local hang outs during our stay. Couldn't have asked for a better experience.We came here as our first stop on a self-guided "Cocktails of NOLA" tour. Since we put this together ourselves (and were only ordering one of each drink to try), we were prepared for maybe not the best service. Well, that didn't happen here. We were treated like royalty, even though the bar was packed and so busy. C. Hannah was our bartender and he took the time to answer our questions, write me his own list of the best cocktails of NOLA, and give us recommendations for the other bars we were going to. The service was fast, but the atmosphere remained relaxed. The bar is beautiful and you really feel transported to another time. It was the best stop of the night-best service and best drinks.DEFINITELY put this one on your TO DO LIST! If your looking for a classic NOLA cocktail bar, this is the place.Great bartenders(you got CHRIS HANNAH runnin the show here)! I mean these guys really know how to treat a customer...the service is on point! NEXT-the cocktails.WOW! I had THE BEST COCKTAILS HERE, ever, in my life. My husband had one of their signature cocktails with watermelon&Sauternes wine.amazing...in my opinion, this is the best bar in NOLA.period.(*shhh.theres a little surprise up stairs)This the most uptight bar I have ever been to. The staff is rude and full of them selfs.After kicking off our weekend with a horrible Sazerac at the bar named after the classic cocktail, the wife and I needed to rinse that bad taste out our mouths before dinner with a well-made drink.  Arnaud's French 75 was our first choice to make that happen.  Classy and classic, Arnaud's French 75 exuded old school warmth and charm.  Even though the bar was busy, our bartender was personable and professional throughout, not taking any short cuts or displaying half-hearted effort while making our drinks.  The cocktails were truly stars of the show.  I had the Winter Waltz ($10) made with rye whiskey, Averna amaro, St. Elizabeth Allspice Dram, DeGroff's Bitters, garnished with a star anise, and served in a vintage-looking coupe.  Although it was served cold, it was nicely balanced possessing distinctive winter spice notes that warmed my heart after an inauspicious start to our vacation.  We stopped at one drink since we had dinner reservations to make.  Arnaud's French 75 impressed with its excellent cocktails at surprisingly inexpensive prices especially given it's location.  It will definitely get my repeat business the next time I'm in town.A different world from Bourbon Street.  Pecan pie (traditional, room temp) and a French 75 namesake cocktail are the perfect end to a great day, dinner.  Some traditions stay because they enhance the quality of life.  This is one of those traditions.  At least it will be for me!It seems superfluous to write about an establishment that already has so many laudatory reviews, but as someone who is fortunate to travel frequently and sample many of the best bars along the way, I think that the French 75 is just about the perfect bar in just about the perfect city for imbibing. I know that Chris Hannah gets deservedly wide acclaim, but his lieutenant Hadi is a superb bartender in his own right - a genuinely friendly guy who makes flawless drinks with zero pretension and total attention to detail. He's generous with his knowledge of both cocktails and Nola and his original concoction the Tiki Sazerac is quite possibly my favorite drink ever.  Geaux!One of my favorite places to have a drink, the bartenders are splendid, the atmosphere is magical,the museum is divineThe food, the service, and the upstairs museum was so well worth it. I hope to return there the next time I'm in NOLA.Classic, classy.  Must have drink here for experience without drunk boozy tourists, no plastic hand grenade cups here.This is a really cool, upscale bar in the quarter. With it's cozy atmosphere and waiters in full attire you are made to feel special as soon as you walk in. I sat on a sofa and perused the list of fancy cocktails. Since I am not a big liquor drinker, I decided on a simple glass of red wine. It was, of course, delicious.
This is also a cigar bar, and although I don't smoke, they seemed to have a wide selection of stogies to choose from.This is an essential stop on a cocktail tour of New Orleans.  The French 75 is not my favorite drink - instead I went for the Thamyris (a campari and gin based cocktail) and a smoky mezcal based cocktail with lime and geniver.  A classy environment, top notch bartenders, and a much quieter vibe than a lot of bars in the French Quarter.  No doubt the bartenders could suggest off menu drinks if you give them an idea of what you like.This is one of my favorite bars in New Orleans.  It's part of Arnaud's, and is located right across from GW Fins.  Lots of dark wood, comfy chairs, and adorable old-fashioned lamps.   Great place for a date, after dinner drink, or anytime you want to be able to sit, relax, and carry on a conversation.  There's a bartender there who works on Saturday nights, (at least the last two times I was there, with the last being in late December 07) and he is fantastic- the epitome of what a bartender at an old New Orleans establishment should be- funny and fun to talk to,  extremely well-mannered, and kind.  Plus you can smoke!We went to this place with high expectations and it was very disappointing.  The drinks were not that great but what made me choose 2 stars was the service. We waited 20 minutes after being seated for a drink order and then after we got our drinks 35 minutes went by before we decided to go to the bar and ask for our check. No one came to take a food order or offer waters. A couple next to us who arrived at the same time got through 2 drinks and finished their appetizers, after seeing that we asked for our tab from the bartender.Classy cigar bar in the French Quarter.  Great place to stop for a drink (and a photo or two), but I wouldn't stay for more than one unless you smoke (because it can get overwhelming).  Don't order the bread pudding...it's overrated.Great little cocktail bar with monkey lamps.  Sazeracs are phenomenal. Pleasant atmosphere, at least until tour buses show up.This is a gem to find in the Quarter as an escape from the craziness outside on Bourbon.  It's a beautiful bar with that swanky old world feel many places in the Quarter have lost.  I always bring friends here for a classy, pre dinner stop - for a French 75 of course!  The mixologists are very good at their craft and I have never had a bad cocktail here.  If you get there early enough in the evening, you'll have nice leather sofas that provide a cozy place for great conversations that will turn one pre dinner cocktail into 3 or 4...Great bar with a great atmosphere. Fantastic service, they treat everyone like they're VIPs. Got the French 75 and the souffléd potatoes, a puffed up French fry type thing with an amazing bernais dipping sauce.Ended up at Arnauds after not being impressed at Carousel Bar. It's def a tiny place but felt cozy and inviting....and fancy. We sat at the bar, the bartenders were very attentive and friendly getting us set up. We informed them that we had no idea what we were doing as we didn't know what any of the drinks were, or for that matter what the ingredients in said drinks were. Hannibal (yes that was his name) gave us a quick run down and asked what we normally like to drink. He offered the most expensive drink first which would have normally irritated me, but the French 75 is a champagne drink, and I LOVE champagne drinks so I went for it. My friend, although vegan opted to go with his suggestion for the Pisco Derby (contains honey). Both of drinks were made quickly and they were wonderful. I'm not a drink expert by any means but these tasted good, and fancy! We decided to move on rather than order another drink as they were closing soon. We asked the other bartender Hadi if he could give us a few suggestions of cool places to move on to, he gave us a few suggestions--Bellocq, SoBou, and Perestroika at Pravda. We ended up at Perestroika---that review is coming!
Overall a wonderful experience I would absolutely come back here, they make you feel like the most important people in the world, and it didn't feel pretentious at all.My first time in New Orleans, and plus it was my birthday. 
The food is epic.  Try to sit in the jazz room, a small trio will come to each table and play a requested song. 
I love everything about this placeA delightful, elegant & romantic spot for a digestif after a romantic evening or a pre-dining aperitif to start off the night.What a wonderful atmosphere! An absolutely perfect place to stop and have an excellent cocktail.  The cocktails are honest and good, not overly sweet.  The beautiful old decor is perfect and there is the right amount of tables so that it's not overcrowded. The pictures don't do it justice, this place is a gem. 
1 star docked for arrogant bartender. If he had been slightly more helpful or even a tad friendly or interesting, this would be a 5 star place. 
Another important note, do not dine at the adjoining restaurant. Review on that coming soon. 
Also, the cocktails are pricey.Very small intimate bar thats decorated like it opened as a speakeasy in the 20's and never changed. The staff all wear tuxedos. The drinks are delicious. Be warned that it is very small so you should not come here with a large group. Order a nice drink, no jack amd cokes hereCocktail Geek Heaven.  Worth Traveling by Jet.  Or swamp boat.Quintessential New Orleans fine dining.  Many individual rooms and Balcony complete the scene 
Try alligator sausage 
Small elegant portions 
Jacket and tie
Black tie serviceThis is my fav in NO (so far)! Amazing ambiance, and the service is incredible.  And the cocktails are sooooo yummy!  This is a place I could sit and sip on cocktails for hours. Oh - and the small plates are also tasty.We've crawled all over New Orleans in jeans, sandals and tank tops. But with my mom along, who danced the Foxtrot and drank dirty martinis to Frank and Sammie, it was time to get our swank on.
Step through the door and back to 1940. Sink into one of the deep chairs under the light of a bellhop-monkey lamp, and try not to look around for Bogart and Bacall. Concentrate instead on the cocktail menu, and how many you think you can try without slipping from suave dandy to drunk-ass tourist. Because there are many, many to choose from. I started with a Sazarac, as good as any I've ever had. I'm not crazy about champagne, so I skipped the namesake. For round 2, I lightened up with a Lillet Cobbler, which is a perfect summer drink-a little bit fizzy, a little bit sweet, a little bit tart, and a whole lot of marvelous!
Now, you really need some food to soak up all that alcohol, and French 75 serves up a fine sampling of Arnaud's appetizers. The soufflé potatoes defy logic: little pillows of fluffy fried potato around...nothing. But SO good! Even better, if possible, are the shrimp and andouille callas-I could've eaten those little gems all night!
The surroundings are lush and beautiful, the music is classy, and the nattily dressed servers treat you like you're SOMEBODY. it was one of the best evenings this town has ever shown us, and that's sayin' something!The bar was a wonderful dark wooden place.  Very inviting.  It is obviously on the tour bus trail - as large sweaty groups kept thronging through.  Impressive to look at but much better available in the qtr.  The staff were rather aloof also which did not help.  Should be 2.5 starsThis bar should be on everyone's list of bars to visit in New Orleans.  The Contessa, their cocktail with Boodles gin, aperol, fresh-squeezed ruby red grapefruit juice, a house-made cranberry cordial and orange bitters is probably one of the best cocktails I've ever had.  The service was fantastic and the vibe was classy, but not snooty.  And unlike many upscale bars in NOLA, this place wasn't insanely overpriced.
I would have liked to stay and have another cocktail, but the smoke was starting to get to me.AMAZING overall experience. The restaurant and atmosphere is wonderful. I went there with a large group of customers and the service was impeccable. We had a private room and the balcony. It is a wonderful New Orleans feel and style restaurant. The food was very very good. Everyone enjoyed except for those who had the steak with béarnaise sauce. I had the steak without béarnaise and it was incredible. I have not eaten in the dining room, but it looks wonderful as well. I highly recommend ARNAUD for any group dinner. It is difficult for the wait staff to handle large parties like this one, but they were perfect.I'll preface the review with we're from NY and Miami. The food was, ok, nothing to write home about. Ambiance average also. Maybe it was the intro to this restaurant that left us less than thrilled, I dunno. Wasn't bad!!! Wasn't great. Not memorable..... I also don't remember the small spot we stopped in for lunch lol.My phone won't let me add the extra 1/2 star. This place is great! The ambiance is so classic and the staff is very nice. The mixed drinks are tasty! I didn't get to try the food but hopefully I can go back and try a nosh.Lovely place to have some drinks and snacks before dinner! Very cozy seats and an old school vibe.Classic and classy way to get your night started in New Orleans. The vibe here couldn't possibly be any different from the Bourbon St atmosphere just around the corner. The bartenders are as skilled and knowledgeable as they are hilarious, and the bar apps are inexpensive, local and unique. We always start with the spring rolls and the boudin-stuffed wontons with pepper jelly mustard, and then try something different from the wide variety on the menu. If you ask nicely, you may get a guided tour of the speakeasy-like museum above the bar that features the wild costumes and hats from the Mardi Gras of an earlier era.My girlfriend and I were visiting New Orleans for the first time and we ended up at the Jazz Bistro for dinner on our first night. Wonderful traditional French cuisine and a perfect jazz trio playing to each table throughout the night. 
After dinner we wandered next door to French 75. The drinks, obviously, were fantastic. The vibe is everything I look for in a bar. Old, clean and classy, with appropriate music at an appropriate volume. You could very easily forget the shit show that is going on right outside the front door on Bourbon St. 
I've been bartending for the better part of a decade, and our bartenders Hadi and Victoria run the perfect show. Punctual, welcoming, and familiar. Hadi had the type of social charm that is seldom seen nowadays. Between the two of them we instantly felt at home. He gave us a full tour guides book of information on the area in about 20 minutes of bar talk. I had a ring in my pocket and was looking for a place to put it on my girlfriend's finger unbeknownst to her. He offered a handful of awesome suggestions while she was in the ladies room, and by the time we were ready to leave I had decided that this was the place I would propose. 
As it was happening, the bar back Paul began taking photos, and by the time we had sort of come back down to earth there were two glasses of champagne waiting for us courtesy of a nice couple sitting at the other end of the bar. Paul emailed us his photos of our forever-moment before we had even left. They gave us a copy of the menu that had been signed with warm regards by all the staff and some customers, and I left the bar with a fiancée instead of a girlfriend. 
So I guess this review is more of a "thank you" than a review. You guys do what is expected of any bar in the genre perfectly, and you went infinitely above and beyond for us on our spontaneous special night. We will definitely be back, as this was the highlight of our trip and a night neither of us will ever forget. 
Thank you Hadi, Victoria, Paul, and the other bar back who's name I can't seem to recall. You are now part of a story in our lives that we will remember forever.Spec. Tac. Ular. My husband and I walked into the restaurant without reservations. They didn't have anything available in the main dining room but put us at a table in the lounge, which included a New Orleans jazz band for $4 (automatically added to your bill). The band was so good and never got so loud that I couldn't hold a conversation. 
The food was more traditional and not over-the-too creative, which was fine! My side salad had romaine lettuce and pistachios with a delicious dressing. Simple and yummy! My husband had a Caesar with anchovies! Yum!
He got the quail and I got the Cornish hen. We didn't leave a CRUMB on the plate. Again, simple and delicious. 
Our dessert was amazing as well. A toffee chocolate something. Sooo good. 
I had read reviews on their signature cocktail, French 75, so I got one of those. I really enjoyed it. 
It was such a pleasant evening. Service was amazing. I highly recommend this place.Loved coming to this bar!  Sure, it's in the Quarter, but because of its swankness, it keps the riff-raff out.  
Stepping in here, you'd think you're back in the 30's/40's.  Antique furnishings, and a cigar bar to boot!
Drinks are amazing, and staff is professional.  
Highly recommended!Four drinks later, and it was nearly a $50 bill. But that was expected. Named after the NOLA drink, French 75, (which I tried), this place was quite unique.  It was never overcrowded on a Sunday, but every seat was filled. Little nooks of four seats made it a very intimate space for great discussion with friends. You were far enough away from others that you could have your own conversation. Some bar seating maybe up to 6-8 people. Connected to the restaurant bearing the same name, but you couldn't hear or see that part which was nice.
Our server was nice to explain the drinks to us as most ingredients in the cocktails were foreign to us. However, his soft spoken voice and timidness was kind of weird as it seemed he was nervous and not confident in his job. I wished the level of service was a little higher, but he did his job and that was good. The server never crowded over us to buy more drinks constantly, which I liked but that also meant I needed to stare him down to get his attention. That place isn't big, so that was a little annoying.
Note: Vila Madelena was a very weird taste. Just be prepared.
French 75 wasn't as lemon flavor as I thought it would be, but I guess that was a good thing.Tracy and I went here because we were so over Bourbon St. It's a high end, fancy shmancy cocktail bar but still very accessible as the drinks were relatively reasonably priced.  It's small but the lighting and lamps (you'll see...) are great.  We took a look at the menu, starting Googling some of the alcohol used in their drinks and eventually gave up lol. Hannibal and Hadi were very helpful. We had no idea what these fancy liquors were but we ended up with delicious drinks!   I got the Pisco Derby and she got the French 75. We were both really happy and would have stayed longer but they closed early (it was Sunday) so we moved on but I'd really recommend it and would go back. 
It can get a little loud and smoky so be warned of that, but otherwise, great, great time.quality food. Amazing service and great atmosphere. Wine selection is good and the food tastes divine! Highly recommended!Had a fantastic dinner. Underwood was great he showed us the museum upstairs and should be a waiter not a bus boy. He was so personable and has a lot of knowledge.You can't beat the southern charm of this place! The staff is terrific. Very sweet and romantic venue.Drinks were good and the service friendly and quick. Wines were from $8-$12 a glass. But beware you CAN smoke cigars in the bar. I'm sure some folks like this but my hair smells like an ashtray now.Cute authentic place. Went only for the French 75 drink and it was great, pretty steep at about $14 per drinkIf you are in New Orleans for any amount of time, you'd be remiss not to step into French 75 for its namesake cocktail or, for that matter, any cocktail made by Chris Hannah. The drinks are beyond divine, the atmosphere impressive and the bartender world-renowned.In a sea of Bourbon Street bars, this one is an uptown oasis.  It's just off of Bourbon Street, but it's a thousand miles away from the karaoke-induced headaches pounding just down the street.
Mahogany wood lines the walls, and there's just enough light to feel comfortable.  It's quiet in here.
I slipped in by myself on a Sunday (they said they opened at 5:30, but the doors were locked until 6) and found myself a comfy chair in the corner.  You can choose to sit at the counter or on some victorianesque furniture around the room.  
Your bartender is in a tuxedo.  
I ordered an Aviation cocktail, made with Crème de Violette.  The stuff has a light lavender taste, and it lifts you out of your chair.  Be prepared to fork over nine dollars (the Crème de Violette is specialty liquor). 
This place is also a cigar room.  I chose a Churchill out of their case and puffed away for a few minutes.  I felt like I was in 1950's Brooklyn.  
Then a group of guys with a tour group came in and started singing - at the top of their lungs - God Bless America.  I peered out the beveled glass in the door, and the tourists wafting by.  In six minutes I'd be back on the puke casserole that is Bourbon Street. 
But at least I had found a new favorite spot to relax in the Big Easy.One of the nicest, most refreshingly unique bars in the area. I would say 5 stars if they still allowed you to have a cigar; however, the city squashed that. This is the perfect place to have a bottle of wine or a brandy milk punch with friends. Sit by the window and watch the people walk by or grab an oversized chair and enjoy the well decorated interior. Be sure to order the soufflé potatoes and boudin wontons.Great bar for drinks and appetizers. Prices are reasonable and the location is fabulous.  It was confusing at first because we first saw Arnaud's the restaurant -- due to the direction we were coming in. And thought it was way too fancy to grab drinks at because of the way we were dressed.
Then we kept walking and saw Arnaud's French 75!  It is actually connected to the restaurant as well.
Not only are the drinks delicious, they are beautifully garnished and crafted.  I forget the name of my drink, but it had cachaca and was delicious.
We ordered a few apps.
Boudin Wontons - delicious.  Different than your average boudin balls because they were in a wonton.
Oysters en Brochette - bacon wrapped fried oysters. YUM
Gougères - Gruyere cheese puffs. Little, fluffy balls of deliciousness.
Service was great.  Everyone there worked as a team to make sure you are doing ok. We went from the bar to the seating area.  Love the decor here. Great atmosphere.  Only downside is one bathroom stall.Wow, absolutely amazing ambiance. It felt really old-school and classy, but somehow laid-back at the same time. I didn't try any food, but I did try both the sazarac and the French 75, and both were some of the best I've had. Prices were fairly reasonable too; I think the sazarac was about $9, which was right in line with what I paid pretty much everywhere else. The French 75 was a bit more expensive, but it also used higher quality champagne than was typical. I easily could have stayed here drinking specialty cocktails all night, as both the cocktails and the atmosphere were perfect.Good ambiance. Cocktails are good and their chocolate toffee bombe dessert is delish!My friend and I did not want to deal with Bourbon Street and the smelly bars, so at the recommendation of  the Ritz, we headed to French 75. It was perfect! Super cool, laid back, not pretentious but "pressed". It gets a nice clientele, which is refreshing after dealing with so many drunken messes on Bourbon. A great place with great service to enjoy a low key drink and wonderful appetizers. Old school charm! Love it! I look forward to going back!!Not mind blowing but a very nicely made French 75 which I enjoyed and husband's Sazerac  equally as good.  The decor was a little underwhelming and the food a bit meagre.  We tried the souffle potatoes, rather bland as was the dipping sauce, also the pompano on toast did not have too much taste, though there were plenty of capers which pleases me.  The bar was busy but the service was very attentive and I must mention Ali our chap who was reserved but attentive and beautifully attired.Can I give this 6 stars? How about 7 stars? What a spectacular place. We had the Jazz Brunch and we're still raving about it. Great menu (only problem is deciding what to have), fabulous ambiance, and spectacular service (Linda, our server, was incredible. Cannot say enough good things about this place.I enjoyed a lovely, delicious dinner at Arnaud's with a large group of ladies.  We were treated wonderfully.  Seated in the Jazz Bistro area, we listened to the jazz band while enjoying most every appetizer, a variety of entrees, and many of the desserts.  The service was perfect.  The food was excellent.  My fish entree was delicious.  We were very impressed by our dining experience.  This restaurant earns its five stars.We stopped here to get a French 75 because they are a NOLA and Arnaud's classic. The drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was great (small and decorated beautifully for the holidays). The only caveat is that because it's small, you may not be able to sit right away. At the same time, the small and intimate feel is what gives it real charm.Not a dive bar, thank god. This is an excellent upscale cocktail bar where they make drinks, rather than just pouring them. My only advice is SIT DOWN CAREFULLY or you will crack your skull open on the wood paneling that sticks out from the wall. After a couple of drinks the pain will have gone away and you will be glad you came.Our favorite bar in New Orleans!  The French 75 signature drink is a must-have.  So refreshing and festive!  I would highly recommend a visit!The cocktail bar was like time traveling to the 30s. Looks like a swanky speakeasy with bartenders in tuxes (even the ladies). We felt so fancy here and loved every minute. Cocktails were tasty but kind of weak. Next time I'll get a martini instead of specialty cocktail lol.Not withstanding that this place isn't the best for vegetarians it is really good with that the offer. And the oysters are great. But what makes them stand out of the crowd is the service. Servers see very respectful and very prompt with any request. They are accommodating and respectful. Best customer service I have received.Paul was a great bartender! He told us a few stories about the history of the restaurant and recommends we go look at the museum upstairs full of Mardi Gras costumes! So cool to see. The drinks were delicious! I couldn't tell you what we ordered. The atmosphere was relaxing and you don't need to be super dressed up to sit at the bar.Amazing dinner date place!!! Very few veg options and the quantity was too small but the ambiance , service and the live music made up for these.
They have some amazing cocktails.
And the music group came to every table and played the jazz music of your choice which was sweet !!
Overall a good dinner place!Excellent old school bar and lounge. Loved the ambiance and the service. The drinks are top class as well...Had a great experience here at Arnaud's. I had to direct a meeting there and the employees there were superior! If you have any needs or questions, ask for Danny, Jeff or Juan (upstairs banquet rooms). They were so hospitable and they definitely earn their 5 stars as well as the rest of the staff. Arnaud's Remoulade was great! Had meat pies that were delicious!  What else can I say?
I also forgot to mention that Harold and Rodney were fantastic as well in getting us to remove our audio visual equipment back into the truck at 6am in the morning before the crowds appear.
As you see here, most of my Yelping is on the staff on various locations.Great place for lunch or dinner. I highly recommend starting with the alligator sausage and turtle soup. The Filet Mignon is so tender and delicious. The baked chicken is equally amazing. I wasn't very impressed with the potato soufflé.Don't miss the soufflé potatoes as a great snack while enjoying Chris' French 75 made with cognac!  Great, cigar friendly, intimate lounge with extra class!After trying the French 75 at Luke's and immensely enjoying it, we decided we need to stop by the OG institution that served up this New Orleans classic. Walking into the bar you are transported back to the 1940s. The decor and ambiance is awesome although there's quite a bit of undesired cigarette and cigar smoke in the cozy bar area for non-smokers such as ourselves. After trying their French 75, I have to say I came away a bit underwhelmed. I thought Luke's version was better and seemed to drink a lot smoother; perhaps from a lower champagne ratio. We decided to head out to another bar after the 1 drink, so I can't really comment on anything else.Came here with my daughter for drinks and appetizers before heading across the street to GW Fins for dinner. So happy that we did.
The Arnaud's French 75 bar is oozing with old world style.  We felt like we were in some black and white film, sipping our French 75s and nibbling our appetizers.  The prices may be on the high side but worth every penny just for the experience.  
The cocktail - French 75 was invented here and could not have been tastier.  The appetizer that we loved the most were the Gougères, Gruyère cheese puffs stuffed with Fontina Cheese.  Simple but perfection.  
It does tend to be crowded so be patient a table or bar seat will open up.  The crowd just adds to the festive mood so don't be dissuaded.7 Dinners all different, all very good  i had filet and done very nicely.  Had asparagus a bit overdone for me, tasty but too overcooked  
Service was a bit slowish but ok, biggest issue--loud way too loud for my taste seemed like everyone had to shout to be heard  
Third time here will be backThe vibe of this place is cool, it takes you back in time for sure. The drinks are delicious but pricey. The staff is polite and dressed up. Its a really good place to visit sober so you'll actually enjoy the drinks!Cozy spot off Bourbon Street. We met the bridal party here for cocktails after their rehearsal dinner.
This is a cute little spot, but not  a lot of seating. Service was friendly and the cocktails expertly mixed. I had the lillet cobbler, which was a great adult beverage. Sweet, but not too sweet.Stopped in here for a French 75 to start our recent Saturday night on the town. Loved the coziness of this sophisticated cocktail bar. Most drinks are reasonably priced around $10 (altho I think my French 75 was about $13-14) and expertly mixed, of course. Chris Hannah and his cronies are all class. Oh, also had tasty little boudin wontons ($5.75) w/ pepper jelly mustard.
Overall, a great place for a drink or two to start your night on a high note.I am not a big fan of mixed drinks because they all end up tasting like alcohol anyways. But all the cocktails here are amazing! You can barely taste the alcohol and its super tasty.  It's a tiny little fancy bar where you can dress up to sip drinks.  Service was great and everything was well worth the price. 
My favorite : The bishopOnly had drinks here and they specialize in a gin based menu which is not my favorite. Neat atmosphere in the bar and you can smoke which not many did but the option was nice. I wish I could have tried some food.Arnauds is interesting New Orleans eatery. It has a long history and has maintained is quality despite changes in ownership. It also has several parts, including a large, formal restaurant and two bars. We decided to get a couple of appetizers in the French 75 bar.
The bar it is small but beautiful. There is a huge wooden bar piece with all sorts of liquor. The white tile floor is a contrast to the dark wood and plush booths and chairs, but you feel like you are transplanted to a little bar in Europe. The distant and detached service also adds to this vibe.
M had the N'awlins classic Ramos Gin Fizz, which is a dangerous mixture of gin, lemon and lime juices, cream, simple syrup, egg white and soda water. It is simultaneously comforting and refreshing and goes down very easy. I had the Curari, which was like a coffee flavored Manhattan made from rye whiskey, coffee infused amaro, tawny port and orange bitters. Delicious!
The food was similarly awesome. We had the smothered okra, which was chopped okra cooked with tasso ham, Creole seasoning and lots of tomatoes. It was rich flavored but still light. We also had the alligator sausage, which is slices of smoked sausage (the flavor is reminiscent of duck) served with sweet braised onions and tangy Creole mustard. We rounded out our "snack" with 5 Oysters Rockefeller. The actual oyster is pretty small but the chopped spinach and bacon stuffing that is gratineed with a little gruyere is a winning combination.
I would definitely come here again!This bar is so pretty inside. Very old school. And as always in NOLA, we felt severely underdressed. But it's okay. The bartenders were cool about it, because they also have loud drunk girls coming and asking for vodka waters to go on the other end of the spectrum...
The French 75 is a bit pricey for its simplicity, but it uses good champagne and tastes like it just enhances the wine a bit. Very yummy and easy drinking. Definitely come here and try the classic!
I tried a couple of their drinks, a winter cocktail with anise and a tropical tiki drink. Both were delicious and balanced. Unique drinks. Looks like they change drinks out once in a while, which is nice. Not just milking the tourists and never changing. 
Compared to Antoine's bar, where the food and service and (happy hour) drinks were subpar, I'd definitely come here again instead for a couple of drinks before/after dinner. It's really small though, smaller than I expected, so you may have to stand and wait and snatch up seats as they free up.If you're coming to New Orleans you're probably thinking you're going to need a cocktail.  Look no further than Arnaud's French 75.  Set off from the craziness that is Bourbon St. is a classy establishment serving tradtional cocktails.  Everything we had was great, especially the namesake cocktail.
It is small and intimate to be sure, but it really is timeless.
215/365One of my favorite bars in New Orleans! It is a hidden gem and classy establishment. Great service and drinks. When I visited, I remember having a quartet singing!
If you are looking to escape the Nathan of Bourbon street, come here and you will not be disappointed.