I went to Artz Bagelz this morning because I LOVE bagels and was excited about the prospect of a better bagel in New Orleans.  Let me just say, right off the bat, the service was terrible.  There were two girls at the front counter - one was ambivalent, unfriendly, and seemed unhappy to be at work, and the other was downright rude.  The owners of this place should really take a close look at their staffing, because poor service like this can steer customers away permanently (see, e.g., Slim Goodies).  To be honest, these girls made me feel unwelcome.
However, once I received my order, all was well.  The coffee was fresh and delicious (and to update on the soymilk situation, per one review down the page, they do have it now!), and the bagel with cream cheese that I ordered was absolutely delicious and came out very quickly.  The bagels are a tad on the small side, but I'm not one for huge American-sized portions, so it didn't bother me a bit.  
I do wish they fountain drinks, but as they are a new place, I will give them some leeway and hope that they add them soon.
Also, just a note, if you're "plus sized," you will probably not want to dine-in.  All the chairs at Artz have sides on them that will prohibit the larger customers out there from sitting in them.I am a bagel fanatic through and through... so even after reading the harsh reviews of this place, I could not stay away, and I'm glad I didn't!
The bagels are the best you're going to find in town hands down, and their variety of homemade spreads are delicious. My fiancee gets chicken salad on her bagel and is always a happy camper. She's incredibly picky about chicken salad so this is no small deal. They have a fantastic salt bagel that I like to get with plain, jalapeno, or spicy cajun cream cheese depending on my mood. I bring lemon pepper with me because I am obsessed with putting it on bagels and I'm used to bagel shops having it. Must be a California thing. The staff is always very friendly and helpful, and they keep the place nice and clean. For me the bagels are the perfect size, any larger and I would have a lot left over, though I love sitting outside and "dropping" scraps for the pooches. I'm sad to see such a wonderful little joint have so few stars, I hope people will continue to give it a shot regardless. I'm all for including opinions about ambience and decor but I don't understand how people can dock stars for it. And I also can't compute why I read so many reviews referring to it as being pricey? I've always thought their prices were very fair, especially considering their location. Lastly I don't think it's quite right to compare it to places in cities that are known for their bagels. That's like expecting sourdough to be as good in New Orleans as it is in San Francisco, it may be good but there are just so many variables that aren't going to match up. Definitely don't pass up on Artz!Walk into Artz on a weekend, and you'll find the place packed with Yankees and Jews. That's a great sign. It's the bagel shop equivalent of walking into a Chinese place and realizing all the customers are speaking Cantonese. 
Before we get to the obvious... Artz has the best iced coffee in the city. Seriously. It's even better than PJ's. Maybe it's the milk. You will be pleasantly surprised.
Best bagels in the city, by far. By a mile. Sure, they can't compare to New York bagels, but honestly the fact that we've even gotten far enough to make that comparison is a testament to the quality of Artz bagels. I moved here from the northeast several years ago, and stumbling into Artz was like coming upon a desert oasis. This is the closest I can come in this entire city to a taste of home.
The breakfast sandwiches also hit the spot. They remind me of what I used to pick up on the way to work before I moved down here. I don't even know where else in town you can grab something like their breakfast sandwiches. 
Also a big positive: the place is super clean.
Some of the other reviews have complained about price, and frankly I am surprised. The prices seem reasonable to me. It's definitely cheaper than the chain bagel stores back home.
The service used to be slow, but they changed the layout of the shop and this is no longer an issue!Fine. Seemed to be a locally owned bagel shop. Friendly staff, self serve coffee with free refillsUPDATE 8/16/13
UGH - I am so annoyed with this little place that I so desperately wanted to love.
This morning, starving and in a rush to get to work,  I ordered my usual bagel and lox (hoping it would be better than last time).   When I picked up the bagel I asked for extra tomatoes on the side just in case they were stingy with the tomatoes like they always are.  Well good thing I did because there was one un-ripe and green slice per bagel half, which is typical so whatever.
Well anyway, As soon as I took a bite, the smoked salmon was RANCID.  I literally spit out my first bite. No joke.  I picked the salmon off in an attempt to salvage the bagel and eat it plain with cream cheese and tomatoe but there was like, the tiniest smear of cream cheese on the bagel (which was not double toasted). Literally there couldn't have been more than a few teaspoons of cc per half.  I mean, really?!?!  $12 for this s*%T?!?!?!  I threw the whole thing away.  It was DISGUSTING.  Horrible.  The lox was even this really off color and slimy as heck.  
That really sealed the deal - I will NEVER go back again.  $14 for a bagel and a drink to go and I get smoked salmon that has been sitting around for weeks it tasted like.  I blame myself for giving yet another chance.  It was out of sheer convenience that I went here over Stein's, but NEVER again.I wish I could give separate star ratings for the bagels and the staff.  I go to Artz several times a week because the bagels are delicious and consistent.  After living in New York I am a bagel addict and I think that this is the best bagel in New Orleans, hands down.  The employee who runs the register on most mornings is rude.  No two ways about it.  It almost seems like a joke because she is so unfriendly and sullen.  And even if there is no one else waiting for a bagel, no other customer in the shop, she will holler your order number in your face as she flings the bag onto the counter.For some reason I'm not loving Artz as much as I should. While the bagels themselves are good, they don't really WOW me. If I'm in the neighborhood, I might stop by but I never seek them out. And the space itself doesn't have that cozy atmosphere like other breakfast places have. The white walls and metal furniture gives the space a stile vibe. It doesn't make me want to stay and sip on my coffee while reading my book.yes I am a fan. I am not from new york or a bagel snob, but these are really good and a lot more authentic than anything at the store. I would rather spend about a dollar per bagel and get something tasty than buy a whole bag of cardboard at the store. The place is clean..which is saying something for new orleans, the staff seem efficient. I have never eaten a bagel sandwich because the idea seems impossible to me..my mouth is too small.great location- blah bagels + new business = I will give it another try
I was sooo excited to see that we were going to have a bagel place in NOLA.  I missed Bagels!  Then I went...
It was busy and the woman who owned it was helping the new staff get in the hang of things.  She was really great with customers and I have high hopes that she will get things ironed out.  I waited a long time from ordering to actually getting by bagel.  People were right on the mark with the fact that they were smaller than average.  i will say that they were super fresh.  But my cinnamon raisin bagel had only two raisins in it!  And it tasted like it had been sitting next to or mixed with the onion bagel dough.  
I will go back and try another bagel and maybe a sandwich.  But they don't have any vegan sandwiches and only one vegetarian one.  So ill give it another try and right another review.  I hope next time there are more raisins in my bagel and it doesn't taste like onion.There are a couple of foods that I crave on occasion that can be difficult to find in NOLA. A decent bagel is one of these foods. I really like a delicious breakfast bagel every once in a while and I like to have fresh bagels in the house every once in awhile. I found myself on Magazine this Saturday when one such craving hit. But where could I go? Stein's crossed my mind, and although delicious, I really didn't feel like putting up with any attitude on this beautiful Saturday. I decided to give Artz a go. I was pleased. The interior is a bit on the sterile commercial side for me, but their product is spot on. I had a delicious everything bagel with egg, bacon, and cheddar and washed it down with an iced coffee. Happy. I also ordered some bagels and cream cheese to take home. Both the cream cheese and the bagels were delicious and a perfect addition to my breakfast for the days ahead. The staff was extremely courteous (kind of in a creepy Stepford way, but nice just the same). They filled my order quickly and correctly. Is this a regular stop for me; probably not, but I will be back on those days when I'm not ready to rumble with the boys at Stein's and I'll just deal with the animatronic bunch here. (They were very nice!)This review is really hard because there are certain aspects that are definitely four and five star, but the overall is a solid three.
Pro: Creole Veggie Cream Cheese - OMG delicious.
Pro: Honey Almond Cream Cheese - see creole veggie.
Con: No olive cream cheese...don't judge..olive CC on an everything bagel is fabu.
Pro: Nice friendly service
Con: A little slow when it's a weekday and there is no line
Pro: Everything on both sides of the bagel...LOVE THIS.
Con: Bagel is a little small and a lot of dense/chew and not a lot of crunch
Pro: They toast
Con: They don't toast enough
Pro: Yummy bagel flavor choices
Con: No pumpernickel or rye.  REALLY?  Two cheese options and neither of these?
I didn't find the price outrageous, but I wouldn't have a sandwich there either.tried it for the first time this morning. some bulletpoints: 
- decent size space. the sunlight pouring through in the morning is nice but the color scheme - some neon green and orange and lots of white - played as unique but came off as generic 
- service staff seemed pretty green. there was only 2 other customers there when i went so it wasn't bad, but i can imagine if it had been packed there would have been some annoyed people. need to pick up the pace and not be so deliberate. i'm sure the flow of getting orders out will come with time and repetition though. also, not a huge fan of the "uniforms" i.e. - Artz Bagelz hats and t-shirts. cuts down on the potential character of the place, IMO. 
- as far as the food goes, as it was my first time i'm hardly going to write the place off or praise it after one visit. i got an everything bagel with lox spread. leavening seemed to be done properly, after being toasted it was still nice and chewy. i'd like to know what water they use (it's what makes bagels in NYC so great) and what, if any additives, they use. (or perhaps they steam them? god forbid). 
the lox spread was too salty for my taste. distinctly more so than other places i've had. there was also not a big dollop of it on my bagel. not sparse enough for me to say something, but i would have liked a bit more spread. 
overall it was an alright experience, and as stated i certainly won't write it off after one try. next time i'm going to try a sandwich (on a plain bagel to see if that cuts down on the saltiness). probably the uptown: lox, cream cheese, red onion, tomato, capers. sounds good. 
*also, they don't open until 7 am. wtf? you're a bagel joint!I've really tried to like this place especially because of its location and nice decor, however, there service is seriously slow and my orders never come out right. The first time they completely messed up my order of lox and cream cheese by giving me the wrong bagel and then putting the lox and cream cheese only on top of the bagel rather than in the middle. I thought maybe this was due to growing pains since they had just started. But then the last two times they put close to NO cream cheese on my bagel. Steins is still better!This spot definitely has the most NY-like bagels in New Orleans - crusty outside, dense, chewy inside.  Slightly smaller than the average Brooklyn bagel, but tastes pretty good.  Lots of flavored cream cheeses, but no light cream cheese, which is kinda weird, since even Starbucks has light cream cheese for their sad excuses for bagels.  The prices seemed fair to me - I think it was about $2.50 for a bagel and cream cheese.  And they have fountain soda - so rare outside of McDonald's and gas stations, but so much better than soda in a can!The boy told me I should prounounce it 'bagel' not 'bag-all'. The boy then screamed about tigerman being the best bomber man and then played mariokart. Artz is to Bagelz and Lil Wayne is to rapzBeing from the northeast, I grew up on bagels I have missed them something fierce since moving to Nola. It was tradition at my previous job to go and grab a bagel breakfast sandwich on the way to work after any late nights out on the town so I knew that I would need to find such a place in my new city. My first trip to Artz after such a night was an epic fail because in my morning after state I was unable to find it. Note to visitors - although the address is listed as magazine, the entrance is actually around the corner on 9th!  My follow up trip up trip ended happily with the purchase of a dozen bagels and a couple cream cheeses. Here are notes on my thoughts about this establishment:
- Customer service was friendly and efficient
- Bagels were a bit pricey compared to what I'm used to up north
- Cream cheeses were quite yummy and I liked the variety with the Nola twist
- Bagels themselves were fairly meh. I tried several different and didn't think they were all that good and the selection was rather dull
I think a significant challenge for Artz is that the bagel business in Nola is far from booming. If they had more customers I am sure they would be able to have a larger selection of bagels and maybe they would even keep baking them throughout the day for freshness sake.
All in all I will probably be back but I can definitely say that I have not yet found my go-to breakfast bagel hangover cure spot yet.Nice staff. Had a jalapeno bagel w/ creole veggie cream cheese. The bagel was probably the best I have had in the city. The coffee is basic Community brand, out of a canister so not fancy, but nice that there were 4 blends. Looking forward to trying their latte. Sat outside, which was nice. Cool place.I used to love this place, but over the last few months I've noticed a lot of inconsistency with the food, and a large turn over with the staff. Also, when i was there  last saturday, an owner or manager was literally screaming at the girl working the register. Highly inappropriate and humiliating. I ordered the new advertised pizza bagel. very greasy, and the red sauce tasted like ketchup. I couldn't even finish it. I really hope this business gets back on track.The only thing that will really disappoint you is the parking!  The everything bagel is everything I want in a bagel. The staff is nice, and the minimalist aesthetic is fine with me. The only thing I want is a little more cream cheese than they give you, and a garden vegetable cream cheese with more varied veggies than I find in the creole veggie cream cheese. Location in old Metairie, pretty please!Finally! A New York Style bagels and cream cheese shop opens in New Orleans...with a southern twist of course. Everything from spicy Cajun to pecan praline flavor cream cheese is available. Healthy salads and sandwiches for those looking for something different then bagels are also on the menu.  
The bagels are tasty and I thought reasonably priced...although others seem to disagree. We tried the spicy Cajun and garlic herb and both were happy with our meal. The shop is located just off of Magazine street with both indoor and outdoor seating available. Casual Atmosphere. For photos visit blog: 
http://hungrynomadeats.blogspot.com/2012/01/bagels-at-artz-bagelz-new-orleans-usa.htmlWorking uptown you got to have a game plan when it comes to lunch. After a very unsuccessful lunch at Mahoney's Po Boy Shop, I strategized to go to Artz Bagelz for lunch today instead. I had been pouring over their website for days trying to figure out which sandwich I would try, and thinking about when I might swing by for a breakfast bagel one morning---oh the anticipation! Not to mention bagels really aren't a big thing here in New Orleans and yet they should! Walked into a very clean, cheerful and contemporary shop, picked out a water and waited to order. I chose the Marigny on garlic--toasted. The Marigny is sun-dried tomato cream cheese, sprouts, tomato, mushrooms and avocado. I substituted a fruit cup instead of chips or slaw, and requested my item to go. My order was ready promptly as a couple and their dog walked in. Dogs aren't allowed inside, but welcome on the patio (they even have doggie treats for your pooch on top of the deli case.) Returning to my job to sit down and eat I started with the fruit--best to eat fruit on an empty stomach, you absorb the nutrients better...anyways(!) Fruit was juicy and fresh; red grapes, pineapple and honeydew.
I could see through the paper my bagel was wrapped in that it was busting at the seems with goodness. It was messy and my avocados kept falling out but luckily I had utensils from my fruit cup. Just a bit too much stuff to try to squeeze onto a bagel. Perhaps if they did a little "hallowing" action all that goodness would stay in? Sprouts were crisp, sun-dried tomato cream cheese was delicious--the roasted garlic of the bagel still lingers (and I like it..)
Despite the fact the bagel sandwich didn't blow me away, I would return to Artz for their bagels with a schmear anytime. You can order bagels by the 1/2 dozen or baker's dozen as well as pints of their signature cream cheese blends--spicy cajun, pecan praline or scallion.
Nice, new little place on Magazine.The flavor is great, they are open early, dogs get a biscuit, and the bagel chips are yummy!I eat here A LOT.  I order bagels to go quite often before work.  I mean the food is good but not super consistent, which is annoying when you spend $5 on a bagel sandwhich and the egg is so undercooked that the whites are runny.  But what drove me to leave this review today was the lousy service that I just received.  I ordered the bagel and lox, with a toasted bagel and extra tomato on the side with lemon wedges.  I got to work and there is no tomato on the bagel and one slice on the side.  This may sound petty, but who eats a lox bagel with no tomato?  And there was no lemon and it cost $14 with tip.  Awesome.  And now I have to go across the street to the deli and buy some tomatoes for my bagel so I can enjoy it.  
My advice is just check your order before you leave because they almost always mess something up. 
 And to the person who owns this place:  Hire some good people for the kitchen and for the counter.  Your current staff is making y'all look bad and not doing the delicious bagels any justice.I wanted to love you (a common theme, it seems) but I was thoroughly unimpressed. After a stint in Brooklyn, I feel like I will spend the rest of my life searching for a bagel that comes close to comparing. This did not seal the deal. 
I ordered the Marigny - a bagel sandwich with sundried tomato cream cheese, sprouts, avocado, mushroom, and tomato. The bagel was chewy, but not airy or flavorful, and too small for all of the filling. I had to remove the avocado slices because they were florescent green, rock 
hard, and very unripe. The sandwich came with chips or cole slaw (I opted for the slaw, it was good) and with a bottled soda, my "meal" was over $10. 
I'll go back and give it another chance, maybe just get a bagel and cream cheese. Fingers crossed that they've stepped up to the plate.Oh man oh man. Some delicious freakin' bagels. And the CREAM CHEESES - agh. I have yet to try one of the sandwiches, but they always look delicious. 
My favorite cream cheese is the creole veggie and the herby one. I don't know if they have sea salt bagels, but I hope they do! I LOVE sea salt bagels. 
Also, they have really, really good iced coffee. Surprisingly good.Let me say this - I came here without ever having read the reviews. I am stunned by the amount of people that did not like it or have a bad experience. 
I've come by twice, in a hurry, on my way to work or something. Anyways, the girl at the register just straight up told me, "I'm sorry, but it's my second day and I apologize in advance if i"m repetitive." 
I was thankful for her honesty. She did ask me repeatedly what I wanted, but it's better that then get the wrong order. 
I asked for two bagels toasted with spread - I think I paid around $7 but I didn't get a drink or anything. I took it to go, obviously since I was in a rush. And it also did not take that long. I had people in line beding me and there was one person ahead of me.
I would recommend it... yet I do agree about the atmosphere... it's so not NOLA. We're used to comfortable and home-y settings and warm atmospheres. This place does give off a very "corporate" and franchise-y feel. Something we don't welcome very much in NOLA.I moved to New Orleans years ago from the Northeast in part for the food. I mean, come on guys, New Orleans food is the best. What does Boston have, boiled potatoes? One thing I was left craving for years was a good bagel. I was so happy when Artz opened-- not just some real, home made bagels, but awesome, creative cream cheeses too? I'm sold.
I'm surprised to see so many bad experiences with service-- I can't say I've ever had a problem, and I eat here ALOT. Perhaps I just don't expect quite as much from a place that's toasting a bagel for me. Perhaps I'm still just happy not to be in New York where you're almost guaranteed to have a bad service experience. 
My favorites are the everything bagel (admittedly a little salty) and the spicy Cajun spread.I can only attest to the bagels, and they are damn good. We pick up a baker's dozen of everything bagels each week.
**I dropped my rating because on three separate occasions I've gone there during business hours only to find they were closed.Ridiculously overpriced.  I repeat.  Ridicoulsly overpriced.  $14 for a bagel sandwich and drink?  
Seems like they spent way to much on bagel looking light fixtures.
The bagels aren't worth the dough.  And by dough, I mean dough.For the best bagels in New Orleans it is either here or Laurel St Bakery. The bagels are great but the customer service and execution leave much to be desired.
First the blonde girl working the cash register looks as though the whole service industry thing is beneath her. She doesn't smile or engage the customers and is generally unpleasant to talk to. I'm not sure why she is stuck up but my opinion is that she thinks she is more attractive then she is.
I ordered an everything bagel with light cream cheese. I received my bagel a short time later and it was piled with cream cheese and warm
at best. By ordering light cream cheese I expected a thin smear on my bagel. It also wasn't really toasted. I also expect my bagel to brown at least slightly under heat when toasted otherwise it is just warm bread. 
Once I got a properly toasted bagel it was still smothered with cream cheese. I removed the offending extra cream cheese and went to eating. It was great. I was reminded of bagels I had in the northeast.
That said I will go back and hope their customer service and execution will improve. Having someone who seems to give a crap about their job at the register would help too.I would actually give this place 3 1/2 stars, but sadly Yelp doesn't do 1/2 stars :T
The concept of Artz Bagelz is awesome in my opinion (is IMHO in my honest opinion or humble opinion? I'm so not up to date on internet lingo... even though I'm still in my 20s -.-)
I remember there was this sandwich shop back in Fremont where you can choose whatever you wanted on either sliced bread, bagel, or croissant; behold! Artz is the same kind of deal :)
For me, I like to eat a substantial amount of food in the morning, so a bagel and cream cheese (less than 2 bucks here for both!) totally isn't enough; however, their bagel sandwiches are much more appropriate for my appetite (which comes with a side of chips, slaw, or potato salad).
Although I like the concept, execution is a little lacking; don't get me wrong, their bagels are done nicely. With that said, their meat isn't the best I've had... more of a meh, it's OK but nothing to write home about (I got the treme, which is the roast beef sandwich).
On a side note, I've been having an argument with someone and I need input. How do you eat a bagel? O.o I eat it by putting cream cheese on each half and eating each half by itself, but I've been told that you're supposed to put the cream cheese on, put the halves back together, and eat it whole??Not the best bagels in the world but definitely the best bagels in New Orleans. Artz Bagelz is a cozy little shop set up just off of Magazine street. Indoor and outdoor seating is available and they are definitely pet friendly. Their bagels are available at local grocery stores or in bulk at the shop so they've definitely established themselves as the premier bagelry in the area. They also toast old bagels and sell them as bagel chips for a very reasonable price.
Their bagels are available plain or dressed up in a number of ways including the classic lox and cream cheese (the standard by which I measure a bagel shop). They also offer a variety of more traditional sandwiches on different breads in addition to salads and other less breakfast-oriented items.Decent bagels. On the NYC scale, they are average on the fresh bagel scale, a little small though. If you were going to make yourself known for making bagels you'd think you'd try to make one that's better than average.
I do have one more serious complaint though, they are freaking slow. Even when there's nobody in there, it's almost like they have to put making a bagel to a vote before doing it. What does it take to just slap some cream cheese on a bagel? I have to fight the urge to make it myself when I'm in there.Great bagels !!! Not the fake frozen oversized craziness that I've seen at some places. I've been a few times now and enjoy the funky ambience and addition to my neighborhood. I'm stuck on the lox or a 'schmear' of creole tomato.
The staff is relatively friendly. I say relatively only because I think they're still getting their sealegs, but once in their comfort zone, I have no idea the smiles and welcoming attitude will easily fall into play. 
In essence I highly recommendI give this 4 stars for a New Orleans bagel shop. However if this were a bagel store in any major metropolitan city in the lower 48 (Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Houston) it would probably not be open. 
I am basing my review on the bagels and cream cheese. I have not tried a sandwich, nor do I intend to, as I go to the bagel store for bagels and cream cheese. 
I am from Los Angeles and am a lover of New York bagels. The bagels in So Cal are smaller and very very soft, a huge contrast to the large doughy bagels from New York. Every time I go to NY I bring a dozen back with me. I also enjoy my hometown Western Bagels. 
I was getting bagels from Stein's and then they switched to a different NY place. They were still good but not so great that I wanted a dozen. The real bummer was the cream cheese. The garlic and herb was just store bought canned garlic in some cream cheese. 
So then Artz opened. I was so excited. For starters I agree that the prices of everything but the bagels seems on the high side but for a dozen bagels and some cream cheese it's not bad. 
It has taken them some time to find their niche. Although I was in the other day and they had styrofoam coffee cups. It also took an absurdly long time for my bagel. 
Back to my review... The bagels are just ok. They really should be bigger and I feel as though they are slightly over cooked. What I think is fantastic is their cream cheese. It makes the bagel!!!
I have yet to find any other bagel place in this city and I can walk to this shop.
So since they seem to be my only option and they do satisfy my bagel need for the time I don't have NY/LA bagels I think they deserve the 4 stars. 5 stars if they had a stamp card for buying a dozen bagels....Take them to go because the store is strangely decorated and bright. But bagels are great. Veggie creole spread is awesomeYUMMMM!  The asiago cheese bagels are some of the best I've ever had.  Artz is a solid bagel shop!  They have great service too.I have had many bagels and this one was very good! It was really really good for New Orleans! I also appreciated that when my wife asked for you to put the smear on for us (like most NY bagel places) you did even though it isn't how you normally do things.  I will definitely be returning for these light and fresh bagels.I've come here a handful of times, and each time has been very different from the other. It really matters WHEN you come -- breakfast rush? prime brunch time on the weekends (9am - 1ish?) -- pass. They just can't handle the amount of volume they're receiving (which means that at the very least they've got great bagels!). So until they have that figured out, I know I'll just stop by here on less peak hours.
Now, onto the bagels! Not the kind people keep talking about and missing from the northeast (or even for me.. the east), but still a darned good bagel!  And they've got great (and unique!) creamed cheese. I haven't found anywhere else with spicy cajun or creole veggie creamed cheese.. which are both pretty amazing. That alone wins me over.
Plus! They have breakfast sandwiches.. and y'all know how much I love a breakfast sandwich. LOVE them. And the staff is ridiculously friendly and is working their butts off (they're still pretty new..), so even if at times it's a little slow, it'll all come around. It's all worth it in the end.Being a NEW bagel place in the Irish Channel naturally puts it in competition with the hallowed Stein's mere blocks down the street. I want to start out by explaining why I believe they should NOT be compared. 
Stein's is amazing, but I consider their bagel business a side note to their amazing sandwich menu. Therefore comparisons between the two seem false to me. A more appropriate comparison for Artz would be chain restaurants like Einsteins.
On to Artz Bagelz
One Star - LOCATION. Yes, you get an entire star for merely being located blocks from my house and IN the Irish Channel. 
Two Stars - Friendly service on a crazy opening weekend morning. Everyone seemed to know what they were doing and the place seemed to be running smoothly. 
Three Stars - Delicious cream cheese spreads. I tried the Spicy Cajun, which was essentially hot sauce in cream cheese form... delicious. Also, they did not pile a ton of cream cheese on my bagel, which is a common complaint I have at bagel places (including the aforementioned hallowed establishment). 
Four Stars - Super fresh and super delicious bagels. They were the right about of crispy after being toasted and the salt bagel was the right about of salty. I really enjoyed the quality of these bagels. 
Minus One Star - a mixture of the chain-like feel of the place and price. It seemed to be a little pricy. It also seemed like it was on the verge of being franchised, which is fine, but I like places with a bit more individuality.Oh Artz Bagelz... we wanted to love you. With your perfect location and limited competitors in the area, I had high hopes for your success. For weeks we waited as you teased us with your "Opening Soon..." your Facebook updates, your tweets, your website- all preparing us for bagel bliss. Sadly, we left with the same longing for bagels and schmear as which we came...
Taste: Good. I had a very fresh sesame bagel with the garlic herb cream cheese. The bagel was nicely toasted with plentiful cream cheese, but I thought I ordered cream cheese with my bagel- not the other way around. Now I'm not a portion person... in fact I'm usually perfectly satisfied with most portions, but when you prepare yourself for a calorie-packed start to the day, you need a little more. I could have easily devoured two bagels in this sitting. As for the cream cheese, if I order garlic herb, I expect my tastebuds to have that lingering garlic taste that can only be remedied with my toothbrush. This cream cheese just didn't do it.  
Service: Great! The girl at the counter was friendly and I received my order in just a few minutes. They were very busy, but things seemed to run smoothly for an opening weekend. 
Price: "Bang" LESS for your buck. For the same price but twice the flavor and quantity, you can head just a few blocks down the road to their well-seasoned competitor... and they always have plenty of parking ;-)
Overall, I was disappointed. Maybe I'll give you another try, Artz... until then, I'll continue to wait for the arrival of my bagel bliss in NOLA.WOW!  Great Bagels & Schmears,  I especially love the lox schmear, not overwhelming smoked salmon, just enough to give the cream cheese a great flavor.  Definitely worth a few extra cents to upgrade from plain cream cheese.
Super friendly staff also!
I just wish they were open later, been by a couple of time and there was a sign on the door that they closed early because they ran out of bagels.  But if your product is so good that you run out regularly I guess that says something!I guess I had higher hopes. I was disappointed to see bagel options that I could find in my own grocery store and of course triple the price. Since this is the only shop that specializes in bagels I was hoping to find some interesting creations. I wanted to bring some to my grandmother who is a bagel fanatic too. 
I was there on a Saturday around lunch time and the case was wiped out. 
Some of the cream cheese combinations looked good but not enough for me to chance them being out of everything good and paying as much as I would for a nice lunch across the street at the rum House.I've been here twice and have not been impressed. First, let me say that I LOVE bagels and was really excited to have a second bagel place in the area (the first being the amazing Steins). My family is from the Bronx and way back before a person could get a good bagel in the South, my grandfather would fill up a suitcase with bagels when visiting home and bring them down to the rest of us. Ever since I can remember, lox and bagels have been my family's go-to weekend breakfast. Seriously, I am all about a good bagel. 
Well, the bagels here aren't good. I was a little nervous from the get-go because, as cool as it is that Artz makes their bagels on-site, I've always heard that what makes a NY bagel so good is the water. And in New Orleans, we're not exactly known for our delicious water...
I've had 2 bagels here and they both were unpleasantly dense and chewy. The outer crust was unpleasantly hard. The cream cheese is terrible -- the texture and thickness is, inexplicably, more like sour cream than any kind of cream cheese. It was oddly shiny and thin, so as a result, it squeezes out all over the place when you're trying to eat your bagel. Of course, this always happens to some extent when eating a bagel, but almost all of my cream cheese ended up on the paper wrapper surrounding the bagel than on the bagel itself. And I ordered my bagel untoasted, so this wasn't the result of the bagel being warm and melting the cream cheese. It was just weird and unpalatable. (Seriously, why is it like that?? Do they take regular cream cheese and water it down??)
Finally, this place is overpriced. A bagel and cream cheese should not cost over $2! At Artz, it does (including tax). 
Oh and I almost forgot -- the service is not good. Now, I expect this is a function of it being a new place and they haven't found their rhythm, but they haven't seemed to figure out how to get people their food in a quick way -- the waits have been irritatingly long every time I've been here. That plus the price plus the poor quality of the food = I'm not going back.The bagels? Delicious.
The schmears? Not so much. My lox needed more lox, especially since you charge more for it. And since you have all those Community Coffee varieties, get a dark roast out there. I have to drink that Cafe Special crap when my sister visits. Dreadful.not the best bagels i ever had but, hands down, artz is the best bagel joint in the city. 
their bagels are always crunchy on the outside and velvety moist on the inside. 
a must try for bagel lovers.I had some high hopes for this place, but I left feeling like they might not stick around long. I love a good bagel with cream cheese and this place did not disappoint on those grounds. However, there was not much else going on here that tempted me. It was not very crowded and nothing else on the menu stood out. I will probably get another bagel from them in the future. It just seems like a ways to go to simply get a bagel. I am sure the little money I spent on a bagel and tea will not help out their overhead much.You know, you're in the south. Good bagels are rare. Sure these aren't the exact same as ones in the north. That being said while staying at a rental close by, we ate here every am for three days. We got the bagel breakfast sandwich a few days ... And the sides were good. Complaint... Sides were pathetically small. Especially in a giant container. The goat cheese cream cheese was amazing.I love me a bagel sandwich so I can't believe it's taken me so long to get over to Artz.  Love! the decor. Seriously I think it's really smart and airy (although loud) and I like watching the bagel makers do their thing.  The bagels were tasty and while I'm not an expert on authentic, I do know good bread.  Try the blueberry cream cheese, rich, delicious and not too sweet. Yum.REAL Bagels and Lox at
Artz Bagelz on Magazine St.
WHAT, in New Orleans??!!
Yes! I passed by Artz earlier in the week and schleped back there  by bus for a late breakfast of bagels  and lox and was joined
Arts wife..  Being a "tribe member",I enjoyed my typical sandwich
in a not so typical bagels and lox town for breakfast at 1 o'clock in
the afternoon.  When Kim asked me my thoughts, I replied it was very
good but the bagel was slightly smaller than what I'm used to in the New Jersey/New York area.  Not complaining, just an observation.  She agreed.  At least it was a REAL tasting bagel and not, God forbid, LENDERS!! Thank you Consumer Reports!2nd Go Round
Ok so this was my second time trying to love Artz.  I went with my boyfriend and we brought our dogs because last weekend there were dogs inside.  Well this time they said no we have to wait outside.  LAME!  I wouldn't have minded it if there weren't dogs inside last time.
There were only 4 types of bagels at 10am so I got another Cinnamon Raisin and my bf got a Cinnamon raisin with veggie cream cheese.  He waited for 22minutes for these two toasted bagels.  When he came out to check on me and the dogs he asked if they were toasting the bagels with a lighter.  There wasn't anyone in line in front of him and most tables were empty because of Lee.  So i was really surprised it took soo long.
He loved the veggie cream cheese on his bagel but was really upset he couldn't get a whole wheat bagel at 10am on a Sat when everyone was hunkered down waiting out Lee.  I liked the top half of my bagel but the bottom half tasted like garlic.  Maybe they are baking them all on the same sheets or they aren't changing the water when they boil them.
In any case we won't be going back because 
1. the wait is just unjustifiable
2. the bagels are small and not something to write home about
I really wanted to love this place....GREAT lunch spot!  I love a bagel sandwich and often forget about this place.  The lady working the register was just lovely and we giggled a lot.  If you come here, you MUST try their potato salad.  Everything was yummy.  The bagels on the wall and the bagel shaped lights were just adorable.  I always enjoy eating in a cute establishment.This is how excited I was to have a bagel place opening a few blocks from my place: The morning it opened I quickly made them a Yelp business page and ran over there to order my favorite egg and cheese and avocado breakfast sandwich. I ran...
Now, I'm disappointed to see shill reviews and even one review that is only reviewing another shill review :P
Here's mine: 
I am a serious bagel lover but trying to find them in New Orleans is not the easiest. I've been getting mine at the Crescent City Farmer's Market  and also buying them at Whole Foods and freezing them. Stein's is also a good source- but I've always heard that they import them from New York (that could be a huge rumor). There are also a few restaurants that make their own bagels- Surrey's. 
There's a good selection of bagel types, however, my fiance went with the tunafish sandwich on whole wheat bread. You have the option of a bagel, bread, or croissant sandwich. (mmm croissants). He then opted to pay the extra $1.95 for a side salad- I believe it would've come with fruit or coleslaw if he didn't opt for the salad. He thought his sandwich was good but he wondered where the other half of his egg was. Anyway, the tunafish sandwich is something you could easily make at home, nothing special, so I wouldn't order it. 
I got the egg and cheese on a sesame bagel. It comes with meat but I got the avocado. It was okay. The bagels are super small for a $5 sandwich. They didn't ask how I wanted my egg so I assumed it was like Stein's where they use that fake egg stuff in a press, but it came out as a fried egg. 
The bagels tasted good but they were on the small side and I can't pay $5 for a tiny sandwich. However, I did run back over there the next morning and pick up a half dozen bagels to freeze and eat at home. 
Sells cookies (sometimes) and while they have croissants for sandwiches they don't sell them.
So, overall it is A-OK!The bagels are fresh and delicious, like authentic NY bagels.  You can actually watch the bagels  being made.  The "lake view", which is chicken salad was wonderful .  The service was quick .  The atmosphere was pleasant, I  enjoyed the bagel theme throughout the restaurant.  I am looking forward to going back for breakfast .I'm no bagel snob but I do LOVE the breakfast sandwich at Artz: egg, cheese, and sausage on an asiago cheese bagel.  The fresh bagel is the star of the show bringing me back over and over again.  Actually, I haven't gotten past that order I love it so much.  The only thing that keeps my rating from a 5 star would be the limited selection of meats and cheeses.  Lets see some fancy!I'm glad I bought a half dozen bagelz cause the sandwich I bought was absolutely disgusting.  
Seriously Artz, if you're gonna charge me 8 bucks for a sandwich, I really think you can do better than 3 slices of greyish meat product and a shitty tomato.  And I certainly don't understand how it took well over 20 minutes to slap that monstrosity together.  Step up your sandwich game, Artz.  
Two stars cause the bagels are probably the best in Uptown right now.  But even that is kind of like saying they're the best Jewish deli in Kansas.I wanted to like this business a lot because I had received several recommendations, but I found the bagel and lox overpriced and really small, and was startled by the total lack of ambiance in the shop.
The prices on the other bagels with flavored cream cheeses were more reasonable, so I would definitely give them another try, especially since the staff seemed friendly and eager to please, and I'm willing to give a new business the benefit of the doubt.
Still, I wish they would do a small/large lox option like the other bagel shop in town, or just come down on price on that item or something because sheesh, I feel like for the $9, I could make a bagel brunch for all my friends.I have been craving a bagel for about a month now and every time I go to the Rum House (which is weekly- Yippee Taco and Beer Tuesdays!) I see the sign for Artz and have been meaning to try them out. Well, today was the day.
I'm from the North East (Boston) and I've also lived in New York. Oh those New York Bagels!! Up there we love our bagels and finding the best bagel in Boston is a fun chore to be sure as it seems like there is a bagel shop in every neighborhood! Anyway what I'm trying to say is that I have bagel experience, I'm not a bagel novice easily pleased by anything with a hole in the center! I won't buy a bagel at a grocery store and prefer places where they are made fresh on site.
I had a toasted Egg Bagel with Scallion Cream Cheese. It was delish! Decent size bagel, lots of cream cheese and perfectly toasted. I think the cost was $2.09.  Both of the people I was with had the breakfast sandwich with a bagel, sausage and swiss cheese. If I hadn't been enjoying my food so much, I would have been jealous because their sandwiches looked really, really good. Nicely melted cheese, large sausage patty and an Asiago Cheese bagel nicely toasted. We'll be back for sure. Is 3 hours later too soon???My first impression of this place is good. If this business existed where I'm from up North, it would have been pretty much unremarkable except for the cute decor. Down here in New Orleans, though? It's just what I needed.
The bagels are chewy on the inside and slightly crunchy on the outside. My bagel with lox was delicious, albeit a bit expensive. The sun dried tomato cream cheese that my roomie got on an asiago bagel was FANTASTIC. My other two roommates loved their purchases as well.
The bagels can definitely have a bit more meat to them, but over all our experience was positive. We waited maybe 5-10 minutes for all of our orders (we took our stuff to go). The staff was nice enough, nothing remarkable either way.
I would definitely go back to this place to try their other sandwiches, but I'd just as soon go to Stein's or Laurel St Bakery (the other two places in NOLA with delicious, NY style bagels).