We were really excited to try Averys! First off  the service is top notch. I have a food allergy, and they were super concerned and went above and beyond even what I asked to ensure I was not exposed, which meant cooking things differently than they usually do. We were checked on often and always with a smile. I was super impressed. We got the oyster Rockefeller dip, which was the only disappointing part of the meal. It was really watery and strange tasting. The honey butter biscuit was great! I also got the gumbo, which was delicious, with maybe just a touch too much file. My fiancé got a poboy with oysters, roast beef debris and bacon- it was so amazing! I got the fried jumbo shrimp plate with fried pickles. Yum! The house made tartar and remoloude sauces were so good. As were the sweet potato fries. I am excited to go back and try some other things :) And would def recommend them to other people, especially because of the amazing service.My husband and I are originally from Louisiana but moved to Nashville about 7 years ago. Ever since we found out about Averys we make them our first visit every time we come in town! Our favorites are the honey/butter biscuits, fried potato salad and chicken and sausage gumbo! No matter what you get though you can't go wrong!Proof that people from Buffalo (and New Orleans) intimately know how to make stick to your ribs crave-worthy food with gourmet touches. The buttery lemony grilled shrimp, addictive garlic bread, creamy red beans, and dark roux gumbo were orgasmic. The environment was colorful, honey, welcoming. These folks take pride in their food and serving it to their community. This is the kind of restaurant I want to pretend is my neighborhood restaurant, and being here makes me feel like it is. From one Buffalo transplant, this place is the real deal!Great find near Tulane! Excellent fried pickles, fried green tomatoes, wedge salad with grilled shrimp, remoulade sauce and can make much of the menu gluten free! Food is actually seasoned before being breaded and fried. Flavor all through. Wife/husband owners very personable.On our recent trip to New Orleans Avery's ended up being our last meal in town and it was perfect!  We went in for a late lunch and were served by the owner Christy who was super friendly and awesome! They had run out of the special I wanted, the fried green tomatoes with crawfish sauce, but Christy said she had exactly one slice left and gave it to me for free so I could try it. I also wanted the pearl river poboy, but wasn't totally sold on the oysters so she offered to make it with half oysters and half shrimp for me.  The pearl river was fantastic and the catfish poboy my fiancé had was also the best we tried in NOLA. We also had a honey butter biscuit and the fried pickles, everything was so good I really wish this place was close to where I live.This place just doesn't do it for me.
The food is good, totally solid...and my friends rave about this place.  But, I just don't see it.
Definitely try the fried potato salad...if only because no one else does it.  The horseradish sauce it comes with is really good and will clear up any lingering nasal congestion real fast!
The prices on the daily specials absolutely can't be beat.  Hell, the entire menu is very reasonably priced.This is a great local restaurant and the owners are here EVERYDAY ensuring quality food and service. I strongly recommend this restaurant!There are so many restaurants to chose from in New Orleans, and if you're like me, you don't want to choose wrong! Well, you can't with Avery's on Tulane. Staff was the perfect amount of friendly and on top of everything. The portions were generous, and although at a glance our table looked like we ordered everything on the menu, we actually only ordered an appetizer and two meals. We got the seafood gumbo to start...totally banging!!! I'm not a seafood lover and I wanted a second, and third bite. We got the buffalo shrimp and oyster platters for entrees with sides of red beans and rice, honey butter biscuits, and fries. Fries were fries, but the other sides were outstanding. The biscuit doubled as dessert, which was great since I'm a sucker for a sweet treat. We would definitely go back and bring friends!Incredibly friendly, great food -one of best for seafood po -boy and they gave my toddler a special little sandwich of her own on these house.Christy @ Avery's is just amazing.  They catered our wedding rehearsal dinner for about 120 people.  It was flawless!! Christy set up a build your own po-boy bar with all the fixings and even brought ice coffee & dessert.  The price was totally reasonable and she even accommodated dietary restrictions of some of our guests.  The food was epic and a huge hit with our out of town guests.  We will for sure hire them again!!! Loved it!  Thanks Avery's you guys are the best!!Best catfish po'boy I've ever had. And the buffalo shrimp po'boy is also super a nice change from the normal po'boy selections. My only complaint is maybe just a little too much bleu cheese.  I work right across the street so I've eaten here a few times and I've never been disappointed.Was going to lunch with a co worker who said she wanted a good poboy so I opened my friendly yelp app, typed in poboy and Avery's popped up with a 5 star rating. We decided to try it out and were so glad we did. She had the oyster poboy cooked to perfection and I had the buffalo shrimp platter with fried pickles and onion rings.  To say that everything was amazing is an understatement.  The food was quick, cooked perfectly; the staff was super nice and friendly; the atmosphere was a great suprise too.  We were going to take our order to go, but as we sat down for a few minutes we decided to stay and eat there. What a great choice.  We work at the hospital site and are native New Orleanians and we will be back. In fact when we heard they deliver, we are thinking of using them for some of our office lunches.  I can't say enough about how awesome Avery's is.  They do no have parking behind the building and you may not realize they are open until you are right in front of the building, so don't pass it up thinking they are not open. They also said they are open until 4 Monday - Wednesday and until 6pm on Thursday and Friday. I will be ordering dinner for tomorrow night to pick up on my way home for sure.Obsessed with the shrimp po boy! So fresh! They seem to need more help during lunch hours. Have been there several times and everyone is very much satisfied and happy about their meals when we leave.Fried potato salad great! Tempura onion rings perfect! Roast beef po-boy (sand bag) tremendous! Oyster Rocky po-boy, to die for. Service, perfect. New cocktail Rummy, delicious.DELICIOUS AND A GREAT ATMOSPHERE! 
It is usually hard to find both.  The staff is friendly.  I feel like family every time I go! A great variety of traditional New Orleans food with an Avery's twist and some amazing Avery's Originals like the red beans and rice burger! http://wgno.com/2016/01/04/why-is-this-burger-named-for-this-new-orleans-lawyer/Excellent food and friendly staff. The "sandbag" is the best poboy I've ever had. It is off the charts. If you are looking for a true local, family owned restaurant, this is the place to go.Went to Avery's at the suggestion of the Uber driver. The New Orleans BBQ Shrimp Po Boy was as good as described. We also had the fried potato salad and the gumbo. Let me tell you... the gumbo was SO YUM! The  portion sizes were beyond, what you get at a restaurant were not what we got here. the cup is actually a bowl size and the bowl is really the size of a large Pho soup bowl. The service was EXCELLENT!!! The food came fast!! I'm almost tempted to go back today despite the millions of other restaurants in NOLA. Will be adding this to my list FOR SURE!!!Located on Tulane Avenue across from the new VA Medical Hospital is this up and coming poboy shop.  The inside is simple but well decorated and clean.  The two owners are enthusiastic about their restaurant and it shows in their service and food.
The roast beef poboy was loaded so heavily that it would have knocked the weigh station out in Laplace.  My coworker had the large but my regular was more than enough to produce a gravy/meat induced coma from 1 to 5 p.m.  Another person had the Buffalo Shrimp which he continued to rave over for the next few hours.  
This shop is fairly new so I was surprised by how good it was.  These are the types of places and people that we should support.  If you work downtown, they do deliver for orders over $20.00.  If you live in Metry or Kenna then it is well worth the trip.This was my first visit to New Orleans ever. Avery's is a little off the beaten path, but it's worth an uber or a short ride. The area around the restaurant is a little less than desirable, but don't let that deter you from visiting. 
You are given a lot of bread to start the meal and it comes with oil to dip the bread into. The bread is very good! Don't eat too much! I ordered a buffalo shrimp po'boy and it was awesome! It beat the heck out of the other sandwiches I had during my visit. I also ordered seafood gumbo. The seafood gumbo was so good! 
My biggest recommendation is don't eat too much bread to start your meal and come very hungry. This place is an absolute must visit in New Orleans. The people are also very friendly here. Service is excellent.The BBQ shrimp po boy is the best! You get a lot of food for your money. The staff is very friendly. This place will be here for a long time.Wow! What a great place for lunch. Christy and Justin make you feel like part of the family. The seafood gumbo was perfect and the Oyster Rockefeller poor boy was the best I ever had. Make sure to try this family owned eatery next time you are in the GNO.In town for the Sugar Bowl and made the 1 1/2 mile walk up here and po boy was it worth it. People are hella cool and friendly. Had the buffalo shrimp and the BBQ shrimp po boys. These were the best sandwiches I have ever had!  They located here to take advantage of the new hospital construction to be completed in '14 but now it is pushing off til '16. Get up here and see these folks and support local off the beaten path business that is quality, quality, quality!Absolutely fantastic! Had to go to the VA hospital and saw this was close...ordered the shrimp/oyster po-boy and wanted to order another one to just to have later! Will definitely be a returning customer!By far my favorite Po Boy spot in New Orleans.  Fortunately I stumbled across this gem because when my girlfriend and I arrived at Parkway on a Saturday for lunch the line was far too long, so we ventured to Avery's because the reviews were so good.  Avery's is a well kept secret and the food is absolutely incredible and very fairly priced.  *Pro Tip* every Saturday features $2 mimosas!   My girlfriend got a half shrimp/half oyster po boy and a huge bowl of gumbo, both of which were amazing.  I got the buffalo shrimp po boy with fries and a honey butter biscuit.  I could not believe how good everything I got was.  The biscuit brought tears to my eyes and was only $1!  When the check came I was in shock; a po boy, fries, honey butter biscuit, and two mimosas was under $15!! I will come back every Saturday from now on and bring everyone I know.We each had gumbo -as our side: seafood and chicken. Both were awesome. Perfect marriage of the flavors. I ordered the blackened shrimp pasta Alfredo and the shrimp did not run out before the pasta. The Alfredo sauce had excellent flavor and covered the dish perfectly! Garlic Bread with parm toasted with a soft middle. My daughter ordered the buffalo shrimp platter, she said after trying this she's not sure if she could have shrimp any other way! She also said, "it was the perfect balance of breading and buffalo sauce with blue cheese!" You will not walk out of this place hungry!!Excellent place for po-boys and gumbo. I had the beef debris that I enjoyed thoroughly and my husband had a large bowl of gumbo, which was flavorful but thinner than we had expected. The parking situation is a little sketchy, has to be on the roadside and it's easy to miss the place and have to turn around into residential communities.BLUF:  Good poboy place with a little extra character.
They catered an event we went to once and had pumpkin ravioli.  I thought the place was fancy but it is a standard fried food and poboy place.  They did not have the ravioli on the menu but said they were trying to get it to be permanent.
Started with the fried pickles.  We got the half order which was perfect for 2 people.  Very fresh.  Awesome.
We got the poboys and they were great.  Poboys are poboys.  She got the shrimp/oyster and it was great.  I got the oyster but this one had roast beef gravy too.  It was really great.  Good gravy and not too much.  Messy but not too messy.  Perfect really.  I liked the poboy bread too; not too crunchy but not doughy.  
Great service (a little slow which was weird since we were the only people there almost).  Good place for poboys if that is what you are looking for.All around wonderful dining experience. My partner and I decently priced place to eat lunch uptown, and we found it. We started off with the oyster rockefeller dip and the fried potato salad. Both were amazing. After that, we split a 12 inch Sandbag po boy, a roast beef po boy with fried pickles. Again, amazing. To top it all off, the staff were very friendly and the atmosphere was quiet and peaceful. A definite recommendation for anyone in the area around lunchtime.My friends and I were in New Orleans sampling the local cuisine and were craving some po' boys. Avery's was the closest place to our rental house so we headed on over. I'm so glad we stopped here! Holy crap, this place is amazing! It's very unassuming from the street since it just looks like another house, but the food is solid! We got an order of the fried potato salad and oysters rockafeller dip. The fried potato salad is different, but it tasted good. The oysters rockafeller dip was absolutely mind-blowing! This dip tastes better than the same dip at a high-end restaurant that goes for twice the price! We devoured that stuff up like Girl Scout Cookies! When we got our po' boys, our jaws dropped! The sandwiches were massive and we only got the 6" sandwich! It was stuffed to the brim with shrimp or oyster and it took some clever holding to eat it. We decided to go to the art museum afterwards so we could walk around in the A/C to digest it. We were not hungry at all for the next 8 hours! When the bill came we were in awe at how inexpensive the total was! We're used to getting maybe a third of the food for that price back home! Get off the beaten path of downtown and get food here. It's worth it!Avery's catered my cousin's rehearsal dinner so my review is limited to the food that was served at the party. I can't say anything about the restaurant or it's neighborhood. At this party, I tried the jambalaya, fried green tomatoes and the oyster po-boy. So good!!!! The jambalaya was really well seasoned. Loved that the oyster po-boy was only lightly breaded so that you could taste the oysters. Too often when I get po-boys, all I taste is fried breading. Not here! Definitely would recommend!The smaller 6 inch poboy offering is much appreciated.  After tax, it runs $8.50. Not a bargain. 
The staff are very polite and were doing a great job keeping up with the lunch rush. Despite a full house,  I still  got my poboy in about 10 maybe 15 mins.  The kitchen obviously prioritizes and doesn't just put out 1 ticket at a time. 
I really wanted some if their gumbo but $5 for a cup added to my $8 poboy was a bit steep for lunch.  
Smaller shrimp but there were just enough for the 6 inch poboy. Well seasoned. 
Averys is a solid choice!Good, low-key, local food place. As multiple locals told me, probably not an area to be walking around much at night, but it was fine during the day. A tangle of po boys, I got buffalo shrimp and my friend got half oysters Rockefeller and half some other oyster selection, nice that they do half and half. Bpth were good, generous with the fillings, which were prpeperly cooked and sauced. Mine had a bunch of mayo or something of it, which I don't think was on the menu, I guess it's standard, and I should have realized. The sweet tea was pretty good, not too sweet with all the ice, and it came in a big cup. Friendly service. It wasn't quick, but we probably could have hurried it had we said we needed to. There's lots of parking around in the general area.Very nice owners. Prices above average for a po boy shop. Quality is good but doesn't blow me away. Most of the time I would choose the regular run-of the mill po boy shop, I haven't noticed much of a difference between Avery's and it.Let's be real, this place doesn't look like much, and the location is pretty unfortunate. Despite this, I'm so glad I came for lunch. I inquired about gluten free options, and while my server didn't have any answers for me, the manager came over and was incredibly helpful and attentive. She offered to make gluten free fried pickles for me with a corn flour breading and fried in fresh oil. What a treat! Everything I had was delicious and the service was wonderful. Even though it was busy when I arrived, I never felt rushed and I was well taken care of. Keep up the great work!Friendly Servers, Great Prices, Tasty Food. Not much more I could ask for. The pictures I posted don't do it justice.I always get the same thing but dang it's a good buffalo shrimp salad. Everyone I have taken here enjoys their meal, usually getting a poboy.After asking for recommendations from friends on where to get some great gumbo, I was pointed in the direction of Avery's.  I live in Mid City, so I gladly took the suggestion.
Avery's is a cute little lunch place on Tulane Avenue near the courthouse.  The atmosphere is cute and bright.
I cannot say enough good things about the service.  The staff is some of the friendliest I've ever come across.
Now onto the food...
I ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo and some onion rings.  The gumbo was full of meat and pretty tasty.  I prefer a thicker and darker gumbo, so I felt myself still wanting for something this gumbo didn't deliver.  But I could definitely see how many, many people would find it to be exceptional.  
I didn't like the onion rings at all.  I didn't realize the batter was going to be tempura.  I found that type of batter to just not work on onion rings.  They were VERY greasy.  On the plus side, they came with a really tasty horseradish type dip.
I would really like to try some other dishes at Avery's, especially the buffalo shrimp po-boy, which seems to get a lot of love on here.I loved the homely feel of the shop. We surprised the shop on a Tuesday afternoon with a group of around 40, and everyone, including the owner, served us hand and foot, all with a smile and platinum level genuineness. The shrimp poboy was delicious, but the real winner in my book were the fries. They were perfectly seasoned. Dipping them in any sauces would be an insult.
Avery's tastes like you think New Orleans would. 
Give it a try!Thank goodness for iphones on road trips and, Yelpers, you did not let us down with this one.  We were in town visiting, looking for somewhere off the beaten path, still hadn't had a solid po boy and found this one. It was incredible.  Loved the oysters rockefeller po boy, the fried potato salad and the gumbo.  Reasonable prices, lovely and helpful staff and an earthy atmosphere.  That one goes on our permanent list of faves!Very good price!  Very good po boys!  Nice menu overall.  Waitresses were friendly and answered all our questions.  The current promo of 1/2 price beers between 2-4pm (if you check in) is great!Avery's is one of those special places that makes New Orleans one of the greatest cities on Earth.
During my early afternoon visit I was delighted to find a quaint yet spacious dining room adorned with eclectic local artwork, comfortable and roomy tables, and a friendly staff stationed behind the order counter.
Avery's menu is a poboy connoisseur's dream! Local favorites such as roast beef debris, turkey, and shrimp meet new favorites like buffalo shrimp and sweet potato fries, and yes even REAL Des Allemands catfish! The prices are beyond affordable and the selection seems carefully planned to accommodate seasoned local diners and visitors alike.
For lunch I chose a 1/2 and 1/2 buffalo shrimp and catfish dressed with fried pickles and sweet potato fries. Heaven! The shrimp were perfectly cooked and not over sauced, the catfish screamed of freshness, and the French bread was warm and soft with just the right amount of chewiness. My fried pickles were done right -- crinkle cut chip style without too much breading, served hot with horseradish cream and bleu dressing for dipping. And the fries? Perfection! I'm all of 140lbs soaking wet yet I still managed to find the gluttony to put away every single bite.
It's been a long time since I've endulged in a poboy here in my city, but thanks to Avery's the indulgence won't take such a long hiatus. This place is perfect for a delicious lunch with great friends, or even solo thanks to the warmness of the owners who oversee every meal.One of my favorite places to eat. The food is delicious and inexpensive. Very friendly staff as well. If they didn't close so early I'd probably eat there multiple times a week.Been three times with mixed experiences. The first time i called in an order for a shrimp po-boy, add cheese, veggies on side with onion rings. When i got there at the time they quoted me, was still a considerable time later before i got my food. To be fair it was busy and they had computer issues with their registers and had to reboot. The real problem was when i got back to my office to eat, the shrimp po boy was plain, no cheese and no veggies on side, which was disappointing. The onion rings however were excellent. I liked the lighter tempura styled batter and the horseradish cream dipping sauce
I gave them a second try on a to go order and that time they nailed it. No complaints. Food was on time,hot and the order was 100% accurate
Third time was a few days ago, we placed an order for 10 people. I ordered the blackened shrimp pasta which is described as " a little spicy " . Wait !  What ?? The shrimp were boiled, the cream sauce was gritty and there literally was no spice or heat. Zero. It was very disappointing
Not sure if i wanna try a fourthBBQ Shrimp Po-Boy was AMAZING. Fast, friendly service and outstanding food. :)This place was awesome. The 2 different gumbo offerings were amazing. They were some of the best gumbo rouxs I've ever tasted! The biscuits are so yummy! The fried potato salad ball is so unique and tasty ! The buffalo shrimp poboy was excellent as well!Stopped on here for lunch on our way to the airport for our last bite to eat in New Orleans. I personally got the buffalo shrimp poboy and friend pickles.  The meal was great and service was super friendly. She even split our checks without us asking!Avery's Po-Boys is on Tulane Ave between Broad St and Galvez St.   Tulane Ave used to be called "The Miracle Mile" way back when this area was popping.    Currently, there are two large hospitals being built.   They will be completed in about three years.   So today, it's construction workers, tomorrow it will be hospital workers.   Of course the courthouse is close and there lots of residential units that sprang up post Katrina.  I do hope Avery's can make it.   My experience was very good.   I had the grilled chicken po-boy.   It was huge for $7.50 and cooked to perfection.   Bread was fresh and the veggies were crisp.    I may try the seafood po-boys in the future, however just around the corner is my favorite place for the shrimp po-boy.   Justin the owner was great too.   By the way, Avery is his daughter's name. Good luck to Justin and family!Really good food, friendly service and reasonable prices for a po-boy shop. Highly recommended!Loved the Oyster Rockefeller Dip that came with toasted garlic bread. Yum! Seafood gumbo was also very well executed. BBQ shrimp Po Boys were good but definitely can be better if the shrimps were infused with the smokiness from the grill. Easily accessible by the tram towards cemetery/city park.This place is really really good. Service given by the owner was fantastic. She was super nice, personable and helpful. The food took a really long time to come out but it was delicious. We started out with the oysters Rockefeller dip which was amazing. The owner happily offered us more French bread if we needed it. Very accommodating to our group of 5 girls from out of town. 
I got the buffalo shrimp po boy with ranch instead of blue cheese and it was good but needed to be warmer. It was around room temperature and we could tell it had sat a while until the BBQ shrimp po boys were done. Those stole the show. I regretted not getting it. Warm, moist, flavorful, hands down one of the best po boys in New Orleans. I definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Avery's!! I will be back!!I have to give a shout out to Avery's.  This little hole-in-the-skanky-wall that is Tulane Ave represents a glimpse of what is to come for this emerging corridor:  More local restaurants and businesses and an improved streetscape.  The owners set up shop here when the large LSU/VA hospital complex was just rising from the mudpile, hoping that the troubled neighborhood would improve with the new facilities on the way.  They knew they would have to endure years of construction as well as the surrounding blight and crime, but they opened up anyway.  Considering less than half of new restaurant ventures are success stories in the best of circumstances, that took some balls.
Well, their bet seems to be paying off.  Even though the neighborhood is not improving as quickly as they'd hoped, business is good and with good reason.  Everything I have ordered here has been solid and reasonably priced.  The Sandbag is one of my favorites.  Debris roast beef with provolone, horseradish sauce and fried pickles.  The gumbo is good, the specials are good and the red beans have a nice kick of sriracha that I really like. 
The staff could not be any nicer.  They greeted us when we walked in, told us goodbye as we walked out, refilled drinks quickly, made suggestions, answered questions, all with a very friendly attitude.  They're the type of wait staff that makes you feel shitty for ONLY tipping them 20%.What a gem! I've sampled over half the menu-- shrimp, oysters, roast beef, daily specials-- and everything I've tasted has been delicious. Really good-- big flavors. The "small" po boys are more than enough. Definitely give this place a try. You'll be back.Came here for lunch as it is right next to the VA. The area surrounding it is undergoing construction, but otherwise easily accessible and an easy place to find across the street. I was lucky that the restaurant wasn't very full and I was served immediately after coming in. The special of the day was meatballs but I decided to get the blackened shrimp Alfredo (with penne pasta). Didn't take long for my dish to be prepared and the service was good. The food itself- surprisingly a good portion and the sauce was very on point. You expect Alfredo to sometimes be too cheesy, and ruin the classiness of the meal- but the blackened sauce hit the spot very nicely. A generous amount of shrimp as well with garlic bread. Didn't need a salad or any side dishes. Best part about the meal was that it was around 12-13 bucks after tip. Would expect much more for the quality of the pasta. I am prepared to go next time to this place to experience the po boys and other delicacies.Found Avery's on Yelp.
Food was VERY delicious and filling.
I had a buffalo shrimp poboy and the fried potato salad. 
Our server was amazing! Will definitely be coming back if I'm in the area again.Excellent gumbo, food, and service! Coming back . . . for sure. The owners let us taste their new charbroiled oysters with Parmesan garlic butter sauce -- excellent!I've always loved lunches at this place....BUT THEY'RE NOW OPENED FOR DINNER!!! AMAZING, I had the Crabmeat Gratin, Duck leg & finished off with Pumpkin Icebox pie.....My grandfather was in town and wanted some typical but excellent quality New Orleans fare. I didn't know what to expect from Avery's, especially since there isn't much else in its immediate vicinity, but the experience was above and beyond anything I could've imagined! Christy, the co-owner, sat us immediately and gave a thorough run-down of must-trys and can't-go-wrongs. I got a draft beer for the unbelievable happy hour price of just $2, and Christy was super accommodating in letting us substitute the sides of the meal we got. The portions are beyond generous, and the food is all excellent. The fried potato salad was an interesting experience that made us both laugh, and the bittersweet story of how Avery's came to be made our hearts melt a little bit. If you're in the area, or even if you're not, definitely check this place out. Everything from the food, to the service, to the simple yet charming decor is wonderful. Thank you Christy, I'll be back!I tried this place for two reasons. One because its in the hood like Parkway Bakery and two the line/wait time is too long at Parkway when they are busy which is most of the time. They have long lines for a reason, because they are good. Back to Avery's. I have been there three times now. Always impressed by the quality of the food. Today I got the soft shell crab po boy that was on special and it was the best I have ever had. And I have had many. There prices are very fair and the service is excellent. It seems like the owners are always there. Yes, I am impressed with the place.Very good food, the bar b que and buffalo shrimp PO boys were yummy!!
The service was excellent!!
It's very casual.This restaurant has exceptionally good biscuits! I also thoroughly enjoyed the fish poboy!  service was fast and staff was pleasant.Fantastic gumbo. Mine had an oyster and a huge crab leg in it. The red beans and rice were pretty good, too. Prices are great, and it wasn't very crowded, at all.Came here for an early lunch break and lucked out with parking in the small back lot and good enough weather to sit outside. There's a bar inside, good number of small tables, as well as outdoor seating. There were two waitresses and both checked on me regularly; very sweet and attentive. Ordered the house salad, Barbeque Shrimp poboy, and sweet potatoe fries as a side. The barbeque shrimp poboy is AMAZING! The french bread is so fresh and perfect; they hollow it out and stuff the barbeque shrimp with seasoned butter sauce into the bread. The shrimp is perfectly seasoned and cooked. The butter sauce is finger-licking good. For the price of the poboy I do wish they would serve a few fries or chips, but alas, nope. That said, an order fries is enough to share, so I guess bring a friend. The sweet potaote fries were seasoned very well, and cooked perfectly; soft, but slight crunch and not greasy. Small knock is the house salad, which I ordered to start - iceberg lettuce, died tomatoes, 2 slices bell peper, 2 slices mushrooms, and your choice dressing (I went blue cheese). Your standard fare house salad that isn't anything to write home about so I would probably skip it next time.The food was spectacular! The service was first class. When my friend wanted to meet there for lunch I was skeptical. By the time we left I could not wait to take my husband there.This is a true New Orleans must go..... Amazing food.... 
Soft Shell Crab Poboy --- Crab is bigger than the bread served on... Truly amazing food... Nice Peps that work there ....Go and TryMy new favorite Poor boy and lunch place. Their signature poor boy is the buffalo shrimp with bleu cheese. It is tangy and delicious. They also make a really good roast beef. Check in with yelp to get free fries or onion rings. They have thick cut onion rings, which are battered and fried perfectly. Check out the daily specials especially on Mondays for the red beans and rice.I'm a fan.  When we pulled up our uber driver said, "y'all wouldn't wanna be here at night."  That was not a great introduction.  Still, the atmosphere is fun and casual.  Our waitress was sweet and helpful and the food was Nawlins delicious.  My daughter had a roast beef po' boy and the roast beef had that homemade flavor and texture that you don't find at a sandwich shop.  I had the shrimp po' boy and it was delicious as were the fries.  This is a great place and the restaurant/area has character.It saddens me to do this since I had looked forward to eating here for so long! 
The place was empty when we arrived at 4:00. No one was sitting at the tables. I asked where everyone was. She said they just left. 
Ordered the famous fried potato salad which was red on the menu. THEY WERE OUT. Their feature, attention getting item out. Maybe the people that just left ate them all.
Honey butter biscuit was okay. The honey butter made the dry biscuit edible. 
Buffalo shrimp salad - okay. Frozen popcorn shrimp in buffalo sauce...soggy crust.
My friend ordered the catfish poboy. Nope. She didn't like it either. She took half to go but before we got back to the hotel threw it out. The fish needed salt and seasoning. She shouldnt have ordered it because it wasn't the poboy the wattress recommended. 
The best thing about dinner were the fried pickles. Free with check in. Great sauce.
The sweet tea was perfect for me - kinda weak and not too sweet. I usually get half sweet and unsweetened. I didn't half to do that here.the fried potato salad is outstanding when you put their remoulade sauce on it.  the fried pickles however were soggy.  i suspect the pickles were not dry prior to being breaded or were just not fried correctly, but the crunch factor is essential.  i had the roast beef poboy which is better than most but wish it had more flavor.  also, the roast beef serving seemed disproportionately small and the bread was all soft like a bun, which was strange.  i prefer the traditional crispy outside and soft inside.  finally, i had the king cake cupcake which was decorated in a cute mardi gras way but did not taste like king cake.  i totally appreciated the personal service and do hope this place improves and survives.  while i would not go out of my way to come here, i would go if i was in the neighborhood.This is definitely my favorite po boy in New Orleans. I know parkway takes that title in most people's hearts but the buffalo shrimp po boy at Avery's is #1. Generous amount of shrimp coated in buffalo sauce and bleu cheese on perfect soft yet crispy bread. 
My advice: hop off the canal street car, make a pit stop at averys, and hop onto the street car again and make it to city park. The perfect afternoon!Just came back from lunch over there.  totally amazing.  what blows my mind is they pay attention to the small stuff... details..   Id have to believe if my grandma was from NOLA, this is what it would have been like to sit around her table.  
Ive been on a jobsite for 3 weeks, a couple blocks up the road, and at least twice a week, Im eating there! I don't think I could get tired of their cooking!Terrific food! Highly recommend the Sandbag, Buffalo shrimp, fried sweet potato French fried, fried potato salad. Horseradish cream sauce, homemade and slightly addictive. Close to University hospital. Great service, very personable!Amazing Gumbo. Had to have a second bowl. The fried potato ball is delicious but boyfriend wasn't a fan because he hates onions. The onion chunks are pretty noticeable so make sure you love them too. This place was totally worth the torrential downpour we drove through to get to it! GUMBO...............OK, recently tried Avery's again. In fact my order was one tucked in with 8 other people from the office. I kept it pretty simple, going with the shrimp remoulade salad ( to take home for dinner) a shrimp po-boy and onion rings. In both the po-boy and the salad, the shrimp were excellent. In fact they were huge in the salad, The remoulade was tasty. I'd suggest perhaps a couple different veggies in the salad in lieu of the boiled egg but again, that's pretty minor. The po-boy roll was flaky and warm. And the onion rings continue to impress. The batter is excellent, and the horseradish cream dipping sauce is the perfect compliment. Pretty much everyone in our group was happy with what they ordered, and the order was accurate and on time
That being said, i raised my review to 4 stars. I see a 5 in the near future for Avery's. It's always impressive when an Owner stops to listen to less than perfect feedback and responds
ThanksUnless you work for or with the court system, this place is a little off the beaten path being in the Tulane Ave corridor of low-rent hotels and bail bonds places (however, as others have noted, they are well-placed for the boom that will come with the medical center).
That said, I've stopped here twice when zipping between midcity and downtown - once for a shrimp poboy and once for an oyster poboy.  Both were excellent.  Nice big shrimp perfectly fried, and a generous helping of oysters that weren't over-fried (which is very important).  The bread and toppings were fresh and service was quick and pleasant.
The prices were in line with what most of the good poboy shops are charging, and the space is well kept and welcoming.
Definitely recommended for a sandwich if you're in the area, however they need to get a license for beer (I hear that's in the works).Wow. Just got back from this place and I'm barely awake to write a review (the itus struggle is real). 
It was awesome! Started out with the fried mushrooms and then got the special - fried catfish topped with crawfish in a remoulade sauce. It came with coleslaw, mac and cheese and  a honey butter biscuit (which tasted more like a donut), all of which were amazing. The dipping sauces (tartar, horseradish cream and remoulade) were pretty much worth the trip by themselves and portions were huge.
On top of that, the waitress was super friendly and helpful, convincing me to get to special instead of a poboy (which I was told were also very good, but glad I went with her suggestion).
If I weren't leaving Nola today, I would be eating there for the rest of my stayI've been looking for that perfect barbecue shrimp  po boy and I  found it here. I'm not fond of the side of cukes and tomatoes and prefer extra Leidenheiemers to soak up the sauce.  We learned from another reviewer that a cup of gumbo is really a bowl and were glad we chose to split it.  Everything on the platters my friends got was perfectly cooked and delicious. Oh and if you love fried oysters, bacon and gravy, you'll want to get the Pearl River poboy.AMAZING. I ordered the vegan Stas Burger and forgot I was even eating vegan. Probably the most delicious vegan burger I have ever had. The server knew the menu inside out. Great service. LOVE THIS PLACEI tried the "handmade" hamburger & my uncle had the shrimp poboy. We had the onion ringside the side. Everything was seasoned to perfection. The onion rings were crispy & the dipping sauce was the perfect compliment. The staff was friendly, helpful & knowledgeable. I will definitely be revisiting! Would've gave 5 stars but there are no condiments (ketchup, mustard, mayo) on the tables.We came here for a late lunch and were impressed with the friendly staff, affordable menu prices, and quick service.Excellent food, everything is fresh and we'll prepared. Friendly people and great service. I will be back!