Been to Avo 10+ times.  Their food is consistently amazing, staff very friendly and accommodating and have one of the best bartenders around.  My favorites are lasagna, short ribs, cacio e pepe and brussels sprouts.  These are so good, I'm having a hard time exploring the rest of the menu.I've been meaning to write a post for months! I cam here for my birthday back in April and had such a wonderful experience. The restaurant itself is beautiful and the food and cocktails are fantastic! Service was also exceptional--everyone was incredibly attentive and welcoming. Can't wait to go back!!5 star food, 2 star service. Asparagus bruschetta is amazing. We went early on a Monday. The majority of the restaurant was empty. Our server was standing waiting, talking to fellow colleagues, yet couldn't notice empty glasses or dirty plates. We had to flag him down multiple times and it wasn't because he was busy. Fellow server here. I'm cool with flagging down once. Four times is too much. I asked if he was new (to give him benefit of the doubt). Nope. Yet, the food was so amazing, I'd put up with him again. Maybe carryout next time.I was very excited to try this restaurant for the first time last night, but unfortunately I was underwhelmed.  While my food was good (meatballs for an appetizer, beet salad, fregula sarda), my boyfriend didn't care for the lobster and crab bisque.  He did, however, enjoy his lasagna as the main dish.  
We were extremely disappointed when the dessert came out.  We ordered the vanilla gelato, which cost $7.  The portion was literally a 1/4 scoop of regular ice cream.  It was a sad sight considering each of us only got 1 bite.  
The final nail in the coffin was that the total bill was $170 ($200 with tip).  Although we did have a bottle of wine, I felt this was way overpriced.  We could have gone to a much nicer restaurant and gotten out of there for under $200.  With all this being said, we won't be going back anytime soon.I had a great evening. Parked a block away from the place on a busy street, and came around the corner and saw a policeman standing guard outside of the place. This gave me a little pause but I figured maybe there was some dignitary inside. Inside there were about 5 people in the courtyard and about 15 wait staff. Felt a little out of place having all these guys just standing around.  My reservation was at 6, 30 minutes after they opened. Was seated right away and my waiter of the evening gave me 3 choices for water and then recided a complicated off the menu items.  He was very descriptive and got me inspired to choose 2 of them.  The Butternut Squash soup was so delicious and very in season an excellent choice, a few minutes later they brought out the entree of bucatini and a pork/beef rago bolognese.  Delicious!!.  This was my first experience with this noodle and I loved it.  I was then offered a dessert menu and having read some of the reviews on here went with the zeppoles. The first I have had of these. These are very much similar to a beignet but cinnamon sugar instead of powder a better topping I think.  Not a great fan but what I was a fan of was the 3 different dipping sauces that was brought, a berry of some sort delicious sweet and tangy; hazelnut chocolate bitter with rich nutty overtones and caramel coconut my favorite. A 5 star experience in a 5 star type restaurant without all the crowds.  Unsure of the extra security outside but it was well worth going inside. Very tastefully decorated.Excellent atmosphere!! The candlelight decor was very relaxing, main dining room displays warm memories with photos of the chefs Italian family. Charred Octopus appetizer was tender and delicious to the point of addiction ! Lasagne was outstanding with homemade pasta & braised short ribs which makes it not as heavy as a traditional lasagne dish. A wide selection of good wines with affordable pricing. I had room for dessert, as always....can't wait to go back to try another one of this talented chefs creations!!I went for dinner with my wife a while back. The service was pretty good but I wasn't impressed with the food and neither was my wife. We ordered coffee after dinner and it came out so incredibly hot we stayed there for almost 30 more minutes until it was cool enough to sipWe stayed in a rental house across the street and walked over one night for the best meal on our trip (which is saying something in NO). The short rib entree and sticky toffee pudding were insane good. Also it has a low lit ambiance that was nice. The staff were all super friendly and efficient. I can't wait for next time @Avo.We had our fill of fried crawfish and beignets.  We wanted something unique to round out our visit to NOLA.  Having taken several guided tours of the city, we learned that there is prominent Sicilian culture and influence in the area.  We sought out an authentic Sicilian restaurant and the world wide web brought us to AVO.  We couldn't be happier.  The service was fantastic but the food was truly amazing.  We have told most people that AVO was our favorite place we visited on our week long vacation to New Orleans!Super yummy!! The octopus is flipping amazing! And I usually don't even eat octopus! Also the lasagna and kale and crab ravioli!!Like Avo.. sitting at the bar here is nice.. Great wines and they have a great ceasear and a beautiful fish entree.. Just not a whole lot of other things I would order..I hate it when this happens. I hate being the minority reviewer among so many great reviews. I really, really wanted to like this place but to my disappointment I found it to be nothing special. Let me begin by saying that the space is amazing. The atmosphere makes it a perfect date night spot but the food makes it less so. We ordered the burrata, the sardine (a special), the amatriciana and the hanger steak. The burrata was nice but I personally felt the vanilla syrup was an unnecessary addition and the sardine was good but not noteworthy. My date and I found the amatriciana to be inedible but the saving grace was the hanger steak. It was cooked perfectly and was so delicious. The service was good but it took a ridiculously long time for us to receive our entrees. So much so that we almost told the waiter to cancel our orders so we could eat elsewhere. I don't think i'll be dining here again but by all means, give it a shot. As I said, I'm obviously in the minority here.Everything's Tiny quantity  Don't expect to get a reasonable amounts of foods. Super TinyyyyyyyAte here for dinner. Let me start off saying that some of the food was delicious. Our group ordered the meatball and bruschetta for appetizers. For dinner we got the lasagna, pork Milanese, hanger steak and grouper. The bruschetta was good but over priced. 15$ for four pieces of bread with toppings.meatballs were 13 for three small meat balls, they were tasty. The lasagna was really good, the only issue is that it was lukewarm in the middle, I can see that had been a common issue. The grouper was okay, not remarkable. The flavors weren't too exciting.Kinda small for 25$+. The hanger steak was delicious! Cooked and seasoned perfectly. The pork Milanese was quite good as well, no complaints there.   Overall the food was decent but overpriced. Compared to other places in the same price range I would probably go elsewhere for dinner.While walking along Magazine Street in Uptown, I noticed their Happy Hour sign - 4 to 6 Mondays through Thursdays. It includes several cocktails, wines, beers and tasty snacks. 
I was warmly welcomed and quickly seated at the bar to enjoy their Happy Hour. Matt was attentive and helpful regarding which cocktails to consider on the menu. I started with the Basilico ($6), which boasts Tito's Handmade vodka, tangy Limoncello, fresh basil and lemon. Think tasty, adult lemonade. Very refreshing, with the faint notes of fresh basil. It was so delicious that I decided to stick with it. Why mess with (choice) perfection?
I delved into the Happy Hour menu and was intrigued by their "Mussels & Fries" dish. The mussels were perfectly cooked and so tender. The fries were a surprising accompaniment. The crunchy texture of the fried played well against the tender mussels. Add this spot to your Happy Hour rotation!Horrible experience!!!
It took 20 minutes  for someone to greet me at my table and once the food arrived it was mediocre. I WOULD NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone.Ate here again last night. It was outstanding! The polenta was so good we ordered another one! We tried the bruschetta as well, the melons were an interesting topping and worked so well. We had the veal special which was so tender it melted in my mouth. And of course the buratta was to die for. The service was on top of it and the atmosphere was perfect for a Saturday night out.Couldn't have been a more perfect spot to stumble upon walking down magazine st after a long day at the zoo. Margaret was kind enough to let us get three cheeses and no meat (as my boyfriend and I don't eat meat). We got here just in time for happy hour and the muscles with Parmesan fries and cheese board hit just the right spot. And the primm's cup and basílico cocktails topped it all off perfectly. Would definitely recommend!Slow, loud, absurdly small portions, overpriced, and delicious. You will pay 30 dollars for literally two ounces of lazily cooked (but tasty) snapper, and you will wait two hours for the privilege.
If you've going to eat somewhere else later, are a real foodie, and are already partially deaf, it's a strong recommend, otherwise you should skip it.
Edit: Added a star because their desserts are as close to perfect as you can get: rich, good portions, complex flavors, and not overly sweet!This was my first time to AVO, and the ambiance and food was great for a date. The outdoor patio room is awesome and romantic. The Artichoke starter, and toffee dessert == amazing.Amazing food every single time! Great ambiance, beautiful restaurant and the staff is warm and welcoming. I love Avo!Visited Avo last night for a spontaneous night out. It's a charming but sparse ambience with nice table setting in a covered courtyard. The room retracts in nicer weather to reveal an ivy covered brick walked courtyard with one wall of shelves lined with candles. We started with French 75s which were well done. Later we had a bottle of  Barbara Alba which was nice and reasonably priced. I ordered the wine but the waitress brought the bottle to my husband and had him test it. This annoyed me. I expect that in an old school steakhouse but not in a more modern restaurant. 
We ordered the Burrata salad with prosciutto, fresh berries, frisée and a sparse drizzle of balsamic which overall was lovely and balanced with the cheese being very fresh and creamy. 
My husband had the lasagna made with bechamel and short rib ragu, rich but not overly with nice balance and came out sizzling. I had the bucatini pasta carbonara that came with a barely poached egg yolk. The dish was good with ample and large  pieces of pancetta. I would have loved the addition of peas for balance. A good dish but not crave worthy.  We also ordered the cauliflower with romesco which was again, good but not special enough to return for. 
We ended with the zeppole with rum Carmel and banana ice cream. This was nice and surprisingly light. 
A good meal, pleasant setting, decent yet aloof service, makes this a good experience but nothing inspiring me to put this restaurant on my regulars list.If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Went here for my anniversary and had horrible service. Waitress was rude. Food is not great. There are so many other better places to eat at in New Orleans.3 stars is a stretch. I'd give 2 but i loved the atmosphere. That may be the only thing that gets me back to give it a second try. 
 We had a reservation on a Thursday night and sat immediately. There were only a few tables at the time. It took about 10 min for our server to greet us and take a drink order, way too long in my opinion. We ordered an app and then a soup and salad and an entree, which all came out timely. Food was mediocre; we both had pasta dishes. I had such high hopes based on reviews. The beet salad was amazing though! Highly recommend getting that. 
Server forgot our bread that he offered. He also forgot our dessert at the end of the meal. By that time he had his hands full with several tables, which I blame on management. It's a Thursday night, you should be well staffed! 
Totally not the restaurants fault, but added to the experience...during dinner another guest had mace in their pocket and it went off. Everyone was coughing and several had to leave the restaurant. Management did walk around to make sure all was ok.The burrata was amazing. The perfect mixture of flavors. I settled on the Radiatori, just because I wasn't thrilled with the menu. Do not recommend. Essentially 3 pieces of chicken, some pasta and a chicken broth. Not one bit on peppers or onions. Kind on a cop out entree, I know, but still. Great martini's though.Had dinner at Avo last night and left happy and satisfied with our meal.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is what first caught my eye.  Driving down Magazine every day I would always see Avo and say to myself it looked like a cool place.  Once I walked inside of the restaurant I was thrilled by the look of the place.  We ended up sitting on the left side of restaurant which looks to have been modeled after a classic courtyard.
As an appetizer we had the Polpette.  The meatballs were great.  Seasoned and cooked to perfection with a nice sauce over them.  What I didn't understand was the soggy piece of toast served underneath the meatballs.
For dinner I had the scallops and smoked mussels.  The scallops were cooked perfectly!  Nice and fluffy with a nice taught exterior that popped when I bit into it.  I've never had smoked muscles but they were pretty damn good.  The only part of the dish that was a little off was the sauce.  It had a nice flavor but the consistency wasn't the most appealing thing.
Also had an order of the lasagne.  I don't like lasagne but I could have eaten an entire pan of it.  It was not pasta heavy and the use of the beef short rib was spot on.
Look forward to going here again and trying a few other things on the menu.
Like everywhere in New Orleans parking is at a premium.  You'll have to park on one of the side streets in front of someone's house because this part of Magazine does not allow parking on the street.I really loved this place! The style and ambiance was perfect. The food and service was excellent as well. The Tuna Crudo appetizer was amazing, you must try this! I had the Wagyu Sirloin and it was perfectly cooked. My man had the Osso Bucco and he loved his as well. Cocktails and wine were both great. I found prices reasonable for style of restaurant. Definitely recommend!Avo took over the old space that used to belong to Martinique. I'm a bit sad because I'd always say I'd wanted to go to Martinique, but for some reason never made it over there before it changed hands and became Avo. Either way, I was curious to check out this place since I had missed out on its predecessor.
We were able to sit "outside" on a beautiful Thursday night with low humidity. And honestly, that made the experience for me. The top of this semi-outdoor portion of the restaurant has retractable ceiling parts, which seems cool in case it rains or the heat or cold gets to be too much. The opposite end of the restaurant had a beautifully decorated room that could double for someone's chic living room. Very versatile; the design of this restaurant could fit Romantic Evening Out, Dinner With Girls, or even sitting at the bar Alone. (Alone! But sometimes you gotta eat your carbs solo.)
So, the food. Bruschetta to start, shared between two, was good. There was a honey-isn one and a beef one; both were good, but the beef always wins my heart (and arteries). My partner got some soup since he had partaken in Parkway before dinner (simultaneously a sin and a great idea) and I went all in and got the hangar steak. My steak was well-cooked and rested on a salad (of I believe, arugula). No dessert. Wine selection was...okay, maybe dial that back to have more of a selection at different price points, and I would be more inclined to drop some coin there.
Pretty solid experience and great ambiance. Good addition to the neighborhood.I say 3.5 stars. Overall it was a good experience. For indoor dining there's a space on the left and the right, upon entering. Left looked dark and cozy. We got seated to the right where it was brightly lit, directly next to bathroom door and right beside the serving station/kitchen door. Made our experience less desirable. The service was great. The food was fantastic except for the lasagna. Lasagna is one of my favs, theirs was underwhelming. There was no cheese in the dish; there was a tablespoon sized dollop of a cheese on top. The red sauce was mediocre.This place was amazing. The food was so fresh and delicious. Our waitor was great. It was a bit loud for an intimate setting, but besides that, it is an awesome italian restaurant.I believe the restaurant has been open less than two years, but they are doing great things. The appetizer section is eclectic and broad. The octopus won hands down then the brussels sprounts as a side in second. The play on cecio de pepe was fun but not enough black pepper and no texture in the dish. Great idea but didn't hit home. The egg yolk ravioli was perfectly cooked and would be a good breakfast dish if the place did brunch. For entree we had the pear ravioli which was good and well seasoned but the shared plates stole the show. The atmosphere is very quaint. Perfect date spot. I would recommend to anyone to try and is most likely the one of the best italian spot in New OrleansIf you love authentic Italian food- with an American twist that makes sense and is beautifully creative and fresh... This is the restaurant for you! They also have a wonderful happy hour. I felt transported back to Italy by the food and wine. It was simply wonderful. I have no words. Will definitely be returning, and recommending!Had a fabulous dinner tonight at AVO. Walked in without a reservation and they were packed, but managed to squeeze us in! The burrata and peach salad was amazing, as well as the hanger steak! Also had a nice bottle of rosé that was delicious and priced well. Will be back to AVO soon--but will make a reservation next time for sure.My husband surprised me with dinner here with our friends on my birthday. When we arrived we had a long table for 12 people in the covered courtyard. When I sat down the cocktail menus had "happy birthday" printed on them! Such a nice touch. We shared a ton of the menu and everything was delicious! wine and cocktail list were awesome and I loved the different varietals of wine by the glass they offered. I'm a sucker for dolcetto so I stuck with that during the starters and switched to a bottle of Barolo for entrees. Some of our favorites- the charred octopus with a hit of Calabrian chili. It was so tender and cooked perfectly. The crispy sweetbreads which were my all time favorite!! With an oyster and leek crema in a puff pastry. The Cacio e Pepe sformato.... speechless but make sure you get a couple if it's more than two people!! And then dip your bread from the charcuterie board in the "leftovers" of the Cacio e Pepe. You won't regret it. We also got the fois Gras Which was super flavorful, creamy and delish. The lasagna was delicious and unique with short rib and the scallops which were again a favorite at the table as 3 out of 9 people got it. Scallops were cooked perfectly and the hint of olives were delicious. We tried the Brussels and the cauliflower and the cauliflower pretty much tasted like a peppery buffalo cauliflower. (It's served with Romesco sauce) Service was great and the atmosphere in the covered courtyard was incredible. I loved the wall with floating shelves and lit candles. Thank you Chef Nick and team!!!I've been meaning to do a review on this place, but i was so busy. But anyways, my friend and I went to Avo during restaurant week in Nola. Plus it was also my birthday week so double bonus! Haha. The both of us went during 8-9 pm. From the outside, the place look really small, but when you get inside its big. The place is really spacious and nice. I felt I was at a fancy dine in. The service was good and the food were fantastic!!
The three course meal consisted of the charred octopus, duck confit and a dessert of your choice. All of the food choices were fantastic, especially the charred octopus. The octopus was very tender and not chewy! It had a sweet but a spicy kick to it, which I really like.Had a blast here tonight! We had a big group and split a number of appetizers. The favorites were the Burrata and Polenta. We tried the lasagna...what a twist! Short ribs with creamy cheese. The desserts are unique with a perfect ice cream and coffee creation. The atmosphere is cozy and can accommodate big or intimate groups. Excited to try the pastas next time we visit!I checked this place out with my hubby last night for coolinary. Beautiful atmosphere & the most amazing waitress. Sadly I forgot her name! I had the watermelon mint mojito! So good & refreshing. The 3 course menu was great also. The only bad thing I can really say about last night is the parking situation here is awful. Do yourself a favor & Uber. Or wear comfy shoes bc you'll be walking into those blisters! We had to park 5 blocks away. In heels with Nola's streets yes that's painful !! Ha! But, Thank god my boyfriend is a gem! I stayed still while he parked & retrieved the car after ;) anyways, give this place a try! So good!!Great kick off to coolinary month!! I had the grilled octopus which came with the most amazing black garlic sauce. The linguine with clams was alright. Boyfriend got the duck which was probably the best duck I've ever had in a restaurant. Don't skip out on the zeppole. The dessert was HUGE but totally worth it. Also, splurge on the $18 wine tasting during coolinary. Service was a bit slow and not everyone's food came out at the same time. Other than that, everything was delicious and a really cute atmosphere. FYI the patio is covered and has ACAn Aperol spritzer is my most favorite drink. 
When I noticed a dozen bottles in a shelf at the bar I knew I would love this place!! Most restaurants do not have Aperol.  The complementary bread and olive oil was to die for - the best tasting!! We had lasagne and cabanorra. Desserts were over the top. Service was excellent.Stunning patio area with delicious, authentic food!
A few friends and I ate here several weeks ago and it was delicious! The waitress was very well-versed on the best wine pairings for our food.  
I had the fregula sarda  (note: the menu tends to change, so it may not be available when you go.) It was phenomenal! The sauce in which the seafood was steeped was plate-licking good! 
The patio is outdoors, but when the temperature drops, the restaurant has the ability to cover the patio and turn on heat lamps, which keeps patrons comfortable. So, it's great for a nice spring evening when it's too beautiful to stay indoors, but not quite warm enough to be outdoors past sunset.Great service great atmosphere.  It is obvious they put their Italian hearts into the menu.  Charred Octopus is outstanding.   Couldn't have a better anniversary dinner!Loved the place, outdoor courtyard was beautiful. One of the better diners I've had this year! Started with the sweetbreads- fantastic. Then the steak tartare with a quail egg-one of my new favorites, and culminated with the pork loin which was cooked perfect and balanced with wonderful flavor.Really great atmosphere and great for a date night.  One room is fairly quiet (older crowd) and the other is more lively and loud (younger crowd).  I prefer the more lively room which is to the left of the hostess stand.  Tuna app special was great and the bruschetta with cherries and some kind of liver mousse was the jam.  Veal special was also really good but the lasagna was a little bit disappointing.  Check it out!!Outstanding in every way.  Very accommodating to my gluten free requests.  Every dish we ordered was excellent.....it's hard to say which dish was the best.  Service and atmosphere was lovely.  The lighting is quite low, so if that's a pet peeve of yours, forewarned.  We loved it.Not that great. Don't know if this place will survive with so many new restaurants popping up. The lasagna was pretty good. The zucchini salad was nice. The artichokes were meh, the gigli pasta was barely seasoned. A friend loved the hanger steak. The strawberries in the champagne were mushy and the dessert balls were just ok. The service leaves much to be desired. The waitress was very unfamiliar with the dishes and ingredients. It's too bad it wasn't awesome because I can walk to it.We went Saturday night for a late reservation, and we sat in the courtyard. The courtyard is decorated beautifully, very simple and elegant. We ordered a bottle of rose, the charred octopus, and the sweetbreads to start. All very delicious. For our entrees we each ordered a pasta dish. I had the special crawfish pesto pasta, and my fiancé had the mushroom pasta. Both were amazing. The handmade pasta was unlike any that I've ever tried, cooked to al dente perfection. The sauces were savory and full of flavor. For dessert we had the limoncello, which was pretty tasty but the presentation was even better. It was just a lovely dish. We paired it with the grappa flight because why not. It was such a nice night in the courtyard, the food was delicious, and the service was great. Will definitely be back!I came here with a friend for happy hour one evening when it was storming outside. I ordered one of their classic cocktails. But their pastas! To die for! I was amazing by the Rigatoni alla Amatriciana. One word: delicious. We also got charred octopus, which I've never tried before. It was so good. Who knew that pineapples would go so well with octopus? Avo did, obviously.
The atmosphere here was so lovely and welcoming. It's super cute with the candles along the walls, the exposed brick... Everyone that worked there was so friendly and smiley. I felt comfortable.
I'm already looking forward to going back to Avo for happy hour and enjoying eating one of their heavenly pastas. I'll maybe even order the charred octopus again.Had a fantastic time last night at Avo! The food was delicious and the seafood cannoli was exceptional. Can't wait to go back.Great atmosphere and great food at very reasonable prices. And always creative specials. Don't pass on the desserts!Loud environment but worth the challenge. Lemon artichoke soup was SUPERB!  Heart of Palm salad good yet too much salt and pepper. Mussels/scallops/shrimp/clam dish was very tasty. Try them out!Their courtyard is beautiful, the service was excellent, and the food was delicious. Easily accommodated a vegan request, which was nice!My first experience at Avo was amazing. My second experience was very disappointing. Poor customer service all around.  I won't be back!I took my mum for Mother's Day brunch and was surprised at how attentive the staff were and delicious everything was considering that's a big day to do brunch out. I didn't love their Pimm's cup, I'm too used to how they do them at Napoleon House and the Carousel Bar. Nevertheless, I still can't wait to come back for dinner.The food here was really great, though mine was served a bit cold. They had a really interesting twist on your classic tortellini that I enjoyed, as well as wonderful selections for their charcuterie. It wasn't even very pricey! I will definitely return one day.I was excited to try this new neighborhood restaurant and, I must say, it exceeded my expectations.  From the decor to the food to the friendly staff, Avo is top notch.  You can tell just by walking in that the restaurant has high-end standards with a laid back and friendly nola style.   The decor itself is stunning and the food is fantastic.  Don't expect the greasy, overly-done cream sauce type menu you might see from your average Italian restaurants.  Expect a well-designed meal prepared by people you can tell know what they are doing. If you like a beautiful restaurant with amazing food, nice people, and a great price point, I'd definitely recommend it as a place to try.... And I never write reviews.  Highly recommend.I've always loved this spot as Martinique and AVO did an excellent job capitalizing on the charming ambience.  I was excited to try this more traditional Italian fare.  It wasn't my favorite, but I may have made poor ordering choices.  Between the 3 of us we ordered 3 starters/salads (Burrata, Beet and Octopus) and 3 main courses (Grouper, Lasagna and Porcini pasta).  The Burrata and Grouper were great.  The rest was bland, but interesting.  I was hoping for bolder flavors and creativity, but just didn't get it.  Unfortunately my pasta was kind of overcooked, and the porcini mushroom sauce was very blah.  Salt was our BF.  Hoping to give it another shot sometime, but probably after they hit a better stride with service and flavor.  It's worth going just to sit in the beautiful courtyard and drink wine though.We expected a lot of Avo, based on so many positive reviews. We were there for Christmas Eve, and ordered their special 7-fish course menu with wine pairings. Expensive, more than $100 per/person, but we were willing to pay more for an exceptional experience.
Unfortunately the service was haphazard and unprofessional. There were long waits between dishes/courses (one course was just a single fried oyster), dishes arrived out of order, and in  one case two dishes were served at the same time. 
We needed to remind the waiter to bring the wine. The particular pairings weren't explained unless we asked.
The food itself was good, tasty, but not exceptional. We love Sicilian cuisine, but this meal was a disappointment. The poor service factored in. 
We won't be recommending Avo.I wasn't really impressed. 
The food came out extremely quickly. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and took good care of us. 
The food was good, but it's... small for the price. I started off with the gnocchi, which isn't really gnocchi. It's served in a block style. It was delicious though and the mushrooms they used were perfect. I had the squid ink gigli as my entree, and I was not a fan. It didn't come together as a cohesive dish. I did try the pumpkin ravioli, and that was FANTASTIC. 
We got coffee to end the meal, and they only offer one type. I think it might have been a cappuccino? It was good, though. 
We ordered a side of the squash which was EXTREMELY overcooked. The management handled it well, they took it away, took it off our bill, and comped our coffees.
I had high hopes for this place, which is maybe why I was disappointed. It was loud, there was a TERRIBLE odor in the patio space (luckily we weren't seated there, but I smelled it walking through), and just not that great. I probably won't return.Quick points: AMAZING, sit outside, must get the Zeppole for dessert . 
     I go to school in New Orleans and am a major foodie. Ever since AVO opened, the outside has really appealed to me and I have always wanted to try it. My expectations were exceeded. I now have a new restaurant to add to my favorites in the city. 
We sat in the walled-in courtyard attached to the restaurant. It is such an awesome, beautiful and romantic space. The walls have a few wooden shelves on them, upon which, several big candles are burning. It is a beautiful spot. 
The Buratta salad appetizer was really good, and came with arugula and fresh strawberries and raspberries. We also had the side of cauliflower which I also recommend, as well as the meatballs with polenta. For my main, I had the special which was an amazing beef Bolognese. It was a nicely sized portion, which restaurants (especially Italian) often have a hard time with. It was great to be filled but not stuffed when I finished my bowl of pasta. 
Thank goodness the pasta proportion was just right because if I had not had room for the unbelievable dessert, I would have been devastated. The Zeppole (italian beignet/donut holes) were phenomenal. I will admit it is hard to go wrong with sugar covered donuts but they made them exceed my expectations by pairing them with a perfectly complimenting banana gelato and chocolate hazelnut sauce, although they hardly gave us any chocolate sauce so I would've loved a little more. 
My only complaint of the evening was the slow service. Our waiter was extremely knowledgable about the menu and the cocktails and was very helpful, making recommendations and giving us descriptions. So, the waiters are phenomenal however I think that they just needed one more waiter working the restaurant, in order to make sure that every table got all the necessary attention.Our experience was awesome. My boyfriend and I had a late evening reservation during restaurant week. We were probably the last ones to leave but staff didn't seem too annoyed! 
We ordered from the set restaurant week menu. For apps we got the octopus and a stuffed pepper. The octopus won hands down. For mains we got the osso bucco and the tagliatelle pasta dish with lamb. Both amazing entrees, and we were spilt on which we liked the best. By dessert we were stuffed but managed to finish the butterscotch pot de la creme  and the zeppole. Both these desserts were awesome! It depends if you want something warm and fluffy with gelato vs something smooth and creamy. 
All three courses were to die for and the service was on point the entire time. Recommend for anyone looking for amazing food uptown.I have to say,ONE of the BEST place I have EVER been to! The BEST octopus! My god! So tender! Yeah that's right TENDER&&&& VERYYYY SOFT! The flavor is like a POWWWW in your mouth! Sticky,spicy,and sweet! The mango&watermelon just balances it out just right with that of kick in the sauce! So amazing we ordered 2! the duck confit was pretty amazing! Meat falling off the bone yet so tender! The rice was cook perfect! And the dessert hit the spot! Overall just A M A Z I N G! I will most like come back any day! But the octopus is to dye for! Just P H E N O M E N A L!!! LOVE THIS PLACE! Delicious!!Great dinner experience. Yesterday my husband and I were walking around the neighborhood and decided to look inside. The smells of the kitchen, the attractive menu plus the pretty back yard area didn't let us leave without giving it a try.  We really enjoyed every one of the Sicilian dishes we had.BLUF:  Really great staff, great cocktails and great interesting food. I'd easily say this will become a must go (non touristy) place to eat in NOLA.
We went for my wife's bday.  We had put that info in the reservation that we had put online and they gave us menu's with "happy birthday" all over them. Everytime we passed staff someone new wished her a happy birthday.  very nice touch.
We started with cocktails.  I can't remember what we got but we both really liked them.  My wife let the bartender make a creation with bourbon and he did not disappoint.
For an appetizer we got grilled octopus. It was awesome and very large portion.  Very think and large pieces so you know you are eating octopus but it was great.  The second app to split was a tuna ceviche type dish with fried avocado which was very flavorful.  It was awesome and a solid amount.
We also split roasted cauliflower which was good but not fantastic.  Good thing to split and stay on the light side.
The main course we also split was the scallops over farro (grain?).  These scallops were to die for.  It came with four so it was an easy split.  The entree was very very good.  
For dessert we got the Zeppole which was basically donut balls that you eat with nutella and banana gelato.  Definitely good but not terribly interesting and didnt quite hit my sweet tooth hard enough.  On the lighter side of dessert.  I prefer to hate myself after dessert
Very great place with almost nothing to bad to say at all.  Please take my slight negatives with a grain of salt. Really an awesome must go to place.If you want to actually speak to the person(s) that you go to dinner with do not go to Avo. We sat in the patio section at we could not even hear one another at a screaming level. Our waitress said "I am going to yell the specials to you now". Later we asked for an update on our entries and she said "I'll check, but we do have an entire restaurant to feed so give us a break". The noise level was so high and our waitress so rude that not even the delicious food could save this experience. I had been looking forward to trying Avo very much. So sad & disappointing.I'd been dying to eat at Avo for a while and finally managed to go. My girlfriend and I made a reservation for 5:45 on a Saturday night, so we were not sure what to expect. As a pleasant surprise it was not busy at all.
Service was great. Our server, Ridge, seemed a little nervous at first but his service was personable and relaxed and great overall.
Food was outstanding. We each ordered an appetizer and an entree. Crawfish Gnocchi came as an enormous portion for an app and was perfectly seasoned. Mussels and fries were delicious as well, once again a generous portion for an app. For entrees, I had the fettuccini with rosemary and rabbit ragu and she had an appetizer special, the flatbread with meatballs. The ragu was phenomenal, I am a huge pasta lover and the house made pasta was perfect with the ragu. I actually ordered more focaccia to mop up the sauce! My gfs flatbread was delicious as well, meatballs were perfectly seasoned and worked very well with the dish.
Full from the previous two courses we questioned whether we should push it and get dessert. After having quickly looked at the dessert menu we decided that we should just "settle" for the affagato. This may be a simple Italian dessert but it they did not skimp on quality, the vanilla gelato was rich and beautifully complemented by the espresso. 
Our overall experience was amazing, we will definitely be returning to Avo. This Italian restaurant isn't sticky traditional but clearly comes from a place of well executed and learned cultural cuisine. Their dishes are not held back by classical Italian style but seem to use it as a stepping stone for reaching into a more modern, eclectically informed style with strong roots in Italian tradition.
The only thing I would have changed about the evening would be to have sat in the atrium area instead of near the bar but this did not effect the experience really at all as the decor in both rooms is beautiful.This is just about the happy hour menu. I looked at the other tables and the pasta looked really good but I was so full.
The happy hour is a great deal. The mussels and fries were $7, and the brussels sprouts and cauliflower were each $5. We also ordered the smaller cheese/charcuterie board, which was $9 for one meat and two cheeses. 
I didn't love the mussels. L and I thought that they tasted a bit fishy, but I still did enjoy dipping the fries in the broth. The portion of the brussels and the cauliflower were very surprising. I ended up getting about half of each boxed to go. The cheese/charcuterie board was nice. The meat was a rillette and I forget what the cheeses were, cuz I'm only a pretend cheese plate person. I'm only actually there for the meats and the pickles. I'm definitely glad we didn't get the larger board (props to our server who told me that I was already getting a lot of food), because we got super full.
I'd like to return to try the pasta. They looked very good.My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner. This was perfect since I've been dying to eat here. The restuaruant is really beautiful on the inside. We enjoyed everything from the cocktails to the dessert. It was a perfect place to spend the evening. We most definitely will be coming back!Charming with a classic new age New Orleans appeal. In New Orleans, there are so many fine restaurants with great food that it is hard to stand out and be unique...but AVO has definitely accomplished this and more. The menu has a wonderful selection for any palate from delicately simple such as a salad to daring like octopus but each plate has a wow factor that makes this restaurant over the top when it comes to cuisine. The atmosphere can only be described as fantastically charming from the intimate indoor dining to the romantic outdoor area nestled in a little oasis of candles and greenery. The staff are fun and energetic and eager to please.. my water was always filled, the wine was delightful, and plates were regularly removed at a nice pace. I highly recommend this restaurant it truly is a shining star in New Orleans.I was drawn here by their open air dining space it's intimate and perfect place to enjoy their wonderful cocktail and wine list along with the delectable cuisine. The staff is professional and well trained and although I experience a few gaps in timing it didn't really set back the overall experience much. The beat salad I had was beautiful prepared and as fresh and flavorful as it looked. My tortellini was excellently prepared al dente. They make all their pastas in house daily and it shows. I will say at times I did find my pasta dish to be a bit salty but nothing overbearing. Overall I really enjoyed my experience. Probably a 4.5 for me but giving them the lean toward the 5. Defiantly will be back.I had a great meal! The octopus was delicious. It was very tender and smoked. The lasagna was so unique. It is made with braised short ribs in a bechamel sauce with homemade pasta. One of the best I have ever had! The pork chop Milanese was so good I cleaned my plate. Pounded flat breaded and topped with a great sauce. My friend got the chicken and it was juicy and tender. I don't usually order chicken at restaurants but after trying hers I would. For desert we got the Zeppole. It was light and fluffy with tasty sauces to dip.  
I use to go to this restaurant when it was Martinque's. The new renovations are beautiful; very classy and up to date.  The patio is great. I'm looking forward to going when the weather is good and they open the curtains and roof. Totally a memorable meal and I will be back soon!We began this meal with the burrata.  It included prosciutto,  roasted grapes and balsamic. The flavors played beautifully together, making it a great start to the meal.  Next came charred octopus with black garlic and calabrian chile sauce. The octopus was firm, yet tender. Just the way you want it.  The chile sauce did bring the heat so it had to be used judiciously.  Still, no let up in quality. Next, the pork belly and tenderloin. All over a butternut puree with little diced sweet potato pieces. The pork tenderloin pieces were tender to the max. The pork belly brought that deep bacon flavor. The sweet potato pieces were firm yet cooked through. The puree added a creamy slightly sweet background to the dish.  Three for three masterful dishes. Then came the lasagna which I didn't care for.  It had a red sauce that was not interesting. The noodles were too soft. The cheese flavor got lost. Only the short rib ragu added a nice flavor but there wasn't much of it. My advice, lose the lasagna.  Otherwise, your looking at some fine dining.First, let me start with my eating credentials regarding Italian food. I am from NY - born in Manhattan in fact. I spent most of my adult life in San Francisco and went to Delfina on opening night. I have been to Italy. More than once. How happy am I that we now have Avo here in New Orleans? Really happy!  I love creole influenced Italian and could eat at Irene's and Tommy's and Vincent's every week (we can argue which you like better some other time - they all have stand outs) but we haven't had modern, true Northern Italian cuisine here in New Orleans and I have missed pasta made in house by hand, I have missed the beautifully flavored vegetables, the exquisite salad, the decadent deserts (I grew up on Zeppole - HELLO!) but most of all I have missed the octopus - the tender, perfectly grilled octopus - ahhhhhhhhhh.
Order the pasta! Order the pork - I beg you! Order the Lasagne - but don't expect it to have red sauce! Order the Zeppole but seriously, order the Octopus. And wash it down with one of the beautiful Italian wines they have on the menu. 
The patio is air conditioned, the roof will retract in the fall when the weather cools - but don't wait - go now while you still have a chance of getting a reservation.I ate here a few months ago and was very impressed with the food and the atmosphere.  Today, I had a customer service experience that topped all that.  I made reservations for their Mother's Day brunch in a few weeks and inquired via email earlier this week about "kid" food as I have a picky 9 year old.  I was told that the menu was not complete but that they could accommodate him with food that he would enjoy but they didn't have a specific kids menu.  I was totally satisfied with this answer.  Today, Lisa, emailed me (out of the blue) the completed menu and again assured me that they would make modifications to whatever we wanted to make my child happy.  Dear Avo, you have gained a customer and an advocate for life.  Thank you!Chinese Black Truffles? I'm not 100% sure but I am 100% sure the truffles Avvo is serving now aren't legit. They have ZERO smell and ZERO taste. To be honest I shouldn't have ordered off their Truffle menu. The prices were incredibly low for dishes w truffles and that should have been a sign something was off. Anyway, I ordered the pasta w black truffles. What came out had a ton of the fake fungi on top. This dish would have cost $50-75 with legitimate truffles but cost $17. They were horrible. Pasta was bland and truffles were horrible.
Insult to injury. My wife's pasta wasn't cooked. Not meaning Al dente, it was hard.I fell in love with this place from the moment I stepped in: Avo has a cozy covered outdoor seating area that is a perfect to enjoy everything from an intimidate date night to a festive celebratory night out. The inside of the brick wall that surrounds the outdoor seating area is covered wall to wall with candles which adds great mood lighting and probably does its fair share of repelling mosquitoes. 
My friend and I came here for drinks and appetizers. The starter focaccia bread is amazing! We asked the waitress about it and she said they had just recently brought the baking in house. The bread is slightly crackly/crispy on the crust but dense, salty and chewy on the inside (and somehow still quite airy)! I didn't even need to dip it in olive oil to enjoy it! We started with the cheese and charcuterie board which had the great variety you expect from a tasting platter. But I was especially impressed by the liver mousse. But the appetizer that I would MOST definitely recommend is the grilled octopus!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The octopus is combined brilliantly with kiwi and savory oils; it is unbelievably tender (I've had many a chewy octopus).Wished it was better. I'm willing to try again though... Ambience is wonderful, and wait staff also great. The courtyard is very loud with the roof closed if it's busy. Menu looks amazing and generally delivers. 
All the appetizers were great, and most entrees also very tasty. Meats were tender. The homemade pasta is good, although you have to remember it's homemade and it's a little dense / al dente... Not sure if that's totally correctly done, but. Sure. Good. 
Nice that everything feels fresh and home made rather than smothered in cream and butter and salt. 
3 stars because it didn't blow my mind and because dessert was terrible! A place like that should have a better pastry chef (legit-- switch out that person!).  Everything was just a little bland, the granola and nuts sprinkled on stuff were soft and stale tasting (not sure what old bin in the kitchen the stuff sits in), and they used the same weird cakey bread cake in multiple dishes and dripped some different sauces on it. (No espresso flavor in my espresso detailed dessert, no hazelnut flavor in the one that said it had it, panna cotta was bland white gelatin). I won't go on but I could. Just a sad ending to the meal. 
Meh...... Sounds right in line with everything I heard. It's hit or miss.It's amazing. I never give 5 stars but I feel like I just.. HAVE to. The ambiance is this understated elegance. Reminded me of something you'd find in a shore town in the northeast. I loved looking at the canvases of the family. The wine was great, but the FOOD, was outstanding. I started with the squash blossoms that made me think of my Gram and the way hers tasted in the early summer months. Then I asked for a recommendation  on pasta since I couldn't decide. The rec was carbonara, and now, I think they've reset my carbonara bar. What an AMAZING place. -love an Italian YankeeMy friends and I went to Avo for the first time a couple of nights ago. It was great! The ambience was perfect. The courtyard was lovely. As for food, between the 11 of us girls we ordered A LOT of food. The best dishes were the gulf fish, shrimp gnocchi and ravioli nero. The jumbo lump crab was good too. Lastly, the warm bread they bring was so good. 
The staff was fantastic and given that there were 11 of us, they did a great job accommodating us - even the 2 last minute additions - and were  courteous and polite throughout. I'd highly recommend this place!The production. The presentations. The company. The staff. A M A Z I N G and I'm still talking about the charred octopusStopped in for happy hour and had mussels and fries and a cheese board. We followed it up with a fantastic dessert - the sticky toffee pudding. So good!! The food was good; our service TERRIFIC! I rarely get service this good anywhere; so i was very impressed. It's a bit of a trip out from the tourist area but I thought so worth it. The patio was a lovely spot for a happy hour. I highly recommend heading out if you want to escape the tourist traps or just get away from the crowds.