I was hesitant to step out of my comfort zone for this Asian Fusion hole in the wall. I AM SO GLAD THAT I DID! It's the best mix of sweet and spicy! We drive an hour for bacos and bobas bc there's no where in Baton Rouge area that offers such cuisine. The staff is always friendly. The food doesn't take long; always cooked up fresh! Cannot go wrong with the Sate Brisket Bacos & the chicken wings are to die!in my opinion, the best bahn mi i've had - at least in the city. i haven't been to the places i've heard about in the east. the bacos are great too, my favorite being the chicken curry. i've just come across ba chi but i'm likely to return here frequently. can't beat a good bahn mi for $5.50.The first time you get the bacos they are magical.  Really magical and yummy and honestly I think I've tried them all. This is a solid go-to place for me when I have guests in town, just because that first baco experience is so riveting. Overall I have to settle on a 3 stars because their pho isn't as good I had hoped.  The chicken I got was a huge let down. There was a lot of fat connecting dark and white meat to the point where it looked more like sliced mushrooms than chicken. The broth was good, but I have definitely had better. The bacos are what to come for.I come here two or three times a week. It is a very comforting spot for me. I always sit outside at the picnic tables or on the little covered patio. My current favorite menu items are: the gyoza nachos and the oyster baco for starters. And then I love the brisket pho--If I feel myself getting sick, I always feel better after eating the pho. I learned a tip from one of the waiters that pho is also good for a hangover. I love the sticky rice and the charbroiled pork and the sticky rice and the lemongrass chicken. And then I think the charbroiled pork and pate po boys are so delicious. There is just a good feeling at this restaurant. Once they forgot to put pate on my vietnamese po-boy that I ordered and remade the whole thing, even though I didn't want them to go to the trouble--I thought they would have just added it to the side. The whole staff is incredibly kind and good natured always. My boyfriend and I go here, my best friend and I go here, and I have now roped my mum into coming and she loves coming here as well. I am thankful to have such a spot on Maple Street.Yum, yum, yum! I love the layout of this restuarant. We sat on the semi-covered patio for lunch on one beautiful day. There's great people watching down Maple Street and there's a few picnic benches if you want to sit completely outside. Service was quick and friendly. I ended up ordering three bacos-  the chili shrimp one, a bulgogi one, and the oyster one. All super reasonably priced. My favorite was probably the oyster baco though they were all excellent. The toppings were all yummy, and I loved the mixing of different Asian food cultures like seaweed salad and kimchee on top of different bacos. My only complaint is that each baco is pretty small - I was still hungry after three. I would say if you are starving go for 4 or 5 or get an appetizer. But definitely check this place out, it's awesome!I came here for a quick lunch today to satsify my craving for noodles and fried tofu. I appreciated the fact that they had a vegetarian menu, but none of the vegan options were listed, so I had to ask the waitress. Apparently the lemongrass tofu has fish sauce in it, despite being on the vegetarian menu. This is why I always clarify if things are vegan! I got the vermicelli with sweet chili tofu. I was pleasantly surprised by the portion size considering the price of $8.50. Honestly I have been constantly been disappointed by portion size and prices of Vietnamese food in New Orleans (I'm from the SF Bay area, land of cheap asian food galore), hence the surprise when my food came. The tofu squares were large and wonderfully fried, not greasy at all. The sweet chili sauce was reminescent of the kind that accompanies fried tofu in Thai restaurants. There was a large portion of bun, and since it was warm, it was a bit sticky. Lettuce, fried shallots, and peanuts accompanied the dish. My complaint is that I found little pieces of dried shrimp in my bowl. I didn't taste any, and I picked out the rest. Vegan fare isn't super popular in the city, so I don't make a big deal when a non-vegan restaurants messed up the order, especially since I am not allergic. I also had the limeade/jasmine tea blend. I couldn't really taste the jasmine tea. It wasn't really worth the money. The restaurant was decently decorated, but they could really use a new a/c. It was quite warm in the room, probably almost 80 degrees. 4 stars for food, minus 1 for the heat and dried shrimp.
The bacos looked interesting, but it didn't seem worth it to me to try ONE for $3.Not exactly sure of some of these negative reviews, but Ba Chi Canteen did not disappoint us!
This modern take on Vietnamese food definitely hit the spot for us. Bacos were delish! (Planning on making a trip back to Ba Chi to pick up some more Bacos before we leave town!) we had the bulgogi and the spicy curry shrimp (my fave!). One star off because I feel like the Pho was not up to par with other pho places (or mom's... But no one makes pho better than mommy dearest!)
Restaurant was clean, which is a huge factor for me! Decor was nice, and I think I read that a percentage of their profits goes to charity? LOVE!
Service was really good for us! They were very attentive and friendly.. And made some helpful recommendations on the menu! We were the very last to leave that night as they were getting ready to leave.. And we never got the dirty glares or pushes to leave like you would get at others places.Went for a Friday night dinner. Didn't realize it was BYOB until after we'd arrived - sidenote: if you try to go to the Shell station nearby, you'll find no wine, and the Walgreens doesn't sell alcohol. They do permit drinks from bars, though. 
Loved the variety of items on the menu and the amount of choices for vegetarians. Ordered the sweet chili shrimp vermicelli and spicy fried catfish baco. Both were amazing, but I loved the baco most! Will definitely return to try the rest of the bacos!So, here is my take on Ba Chi Canteen..
My Pho was decent.. Not great but decent.
The brisket was a little dry.
The broth was very tasty and the fillings were ample.
Now, I would love, love , love it if someone in this city would use the
 Skinny, hot Vietnamese peppers instead of jalapeno slices, 
but it seems to be a trend here in NOLA.
The Crispy Pork Egg Rolls, were AMAZING!
I would go eat there just for those.
I do believe I'll try it one more time to se if the beef being dry was a fluke.
I have my hopes up..
See you there.
Big Easy DaddyI came here awhile ago with family, and I must say, we were pretty disappointed. The general atmosphere and decor was pretty nice, but it kinda felt cramped at times. Maybe that's just me.
We ordered the pork belly baco, sweet chili shrimp baco, char. Pork baco, kimchi fries, porkfecta with vermicelli, Korean short ribs with vermicelli, and there was something else, but I don't remember.
Nothing was bad, it just wasn't great. The service was also kinda slow IMO. The kimchi fries were just okay.. None of us really cared for it -- we got it bc of the reviews. The Korean short ribs were good, but I've had much much better. Everything else was okay. The thing that was really worth commenting on was the pork belly - both in baco & vermicelli. Maybe it was a super off day for them, but the pork belly that day smelled really funky and tasted even more so. Maybe we caught it bc we eat that often anyways, but it just didn't seem right that day. Bc of that, we kinda steered clear of that in the vermicelli.If I could have giving it 0 stars I would have. The food was nasty and instead of telling us that we didn't have to pay, they made us pay the bill! The egg rolls were yellow crunchy and gross. The smell of the pho was enough to make me throw up. It was yellow and terrible. The service was okay until we wanted to tell our waiter that we didn't want the food. Although we offered to pay, they should have told us no, and that it was okay. Don't go here!I love this place.   If you are a tofu lover I think this is the best I have tasted!  The coconut curry tofu is delicious.   I am not any kind of food expert but I have always enjoyed my meals here.  Staff is friendly, enclosed patio seating is wonderful, and did I mention the tofu is perfection!EDIT: I only have a couple of reviews on this site, and I reviewed this place five years ago and gave it two stars because of terrible service. I have returned several times in the past year and most of my complaints are no longer valid. I would honestly give it 5 stars if they sold alcohol, but the BYO wine policy almost makes up for even that.Hit or miss. The first time it was pretty good. The second time it was like I was at a different place. The fish sauce was way watered down and the grilled pork tasted nuked, which I hate! I hope the next time is better.
The fact that they stay open later than most places in the area is a plus.Vietnamese classics with a modern twist. I've had a few different things and all were extremely delicious: pork belly baco, catfish baco, pulled pork baco, pork belly banh mi, and OMG KIMCHI FRIES.Well, first off, they have off-street parking = winning! And outdoor seating = amazing! Their pork belly taco was super fatty, which is how I like it - but the rest of my party openly cringed. Not for the faint of heart. My pork vermicelli bowl was ginormous with robust flavor to boot! The pho bowls were also large and fragrant and from the way my cohorts zealously devoured their noodles, I would say it was also pho-licious. Needless to say, we all suffered from major food coma and were thoroughly unproductive the rest of the work day = successful Friday lunch outting!Go for the pork fecta and the bacos. The creamy spicy shrimp was my favorite. Skip the chicken pho. I like pho that makes my nose run. This was regular ole' chicken soup.Much larger menu than other Vietnamese places in town. Hubby really enjoyed the Pho and i enjoyed all the appetizers. YUM. We will dine here again.Great place to get large quantities of good Vietnamese food. Service is leisurely but nice and there's never a large crowd there all at once despite being close to some popular bars and colleges. Prices are wonderful, servings are large and food is qualityAmazing Vietnamese food. I love the idea of the bacos and the chicken ones were especially tasty. Flavorful pho as well.Love the bacos, good pho, must get spicy curry fries. Nice limeades, though I'm not sure they refill them. Shared their most expensive plate once (beef with sticky rice and salad) and it was more than enough for two people. 
Usually young people dining, probably college kids from Tulane and Loyola hanging out in here, but occasionally see some older neighborhood people. 
Only annoying thing about this place is that they do a turnover from 2:30-5:30 and more than once we've wanted to go here in the middle of that dead time. Also closed Sundays, which I get that they need an off day, but I'd think Monday would be better considering their college kid patrons.  Came here first week it opened and it was not impressive then, but they've since got their act together.Very interesting Asian fusion food. My husband and I enjoyed it. This is our 2nd time trying this place out when we visited Nola. Great service. They were closing at 230 (we didn't know) we arrived at 220. They were so generous they let us stay! Now that's great service! They were patient with us, we did not feel rushed at all. Very nice team. We ordered basically everything off the menu and everything was delicious! The Asian burrito is a must try! We would def visit again on our next trip to Nola.Food was delish.  Had the seafood pho, very good. The soft shell crab baco was veryyy good. Korean beef short ribs. All very good!Went for some ramen (like our fourth or fifth time here). Bacos and curry fries good as usual. But the ramen was disappointing. The broth was just not right-too sweet and tasted too similar to pho broth, not enough pork flavor but way too much salt- and it ruined the dish. Stick to the pho or your risk displeasure. We spent $50+tip for limeade, soft drink, three bacos, curry fries and ramen, and it just did not seem worth it due to the "shame ramen".I like BYOB places, because sometimes I just want to drink without spending $100 on my meal.  Their service is quick, and the food was good.  We ordered appetizers with our entrees and made it out for under $40.  A nice neighborhood restaurant that I will return to.The staff is really friendly here which keeps me coming back. Nothing I've had is bad but nothing I've had is really great. I was excited they were offering ramen again but my curry chicken ramen was so so for $18ish. Vermicelli I've had and it's good. Everything I've had is "good"
Just nothing out of the norm.  However, I do know they have many more menu items to try which I'll eventually do when I'm in the neighborhood and hungry because the staff and the character will keep me coming back from time to timeThe pho here was alright, but the noodles were a little over cooked.  The bacos really stole the show here.  They also have banh mi sandwiches here for $7.
Iced French drip coffee w/condense milk $4.25
Beef pho combination (rare flank, brisket, and beef ball) $10.75
Creamy spicy shrimp po'boy/banh mi $9 - This was ok, looks more delicious than it taste.
Soft shell crab baco $7.50 - My favorite dish here.  
Pork belly baco $3.75 - Delicious!
Kimchi fries $5.25 - Pretty good fries.
There's 4 parking spots next to the restaurant and free street parking available.  The streets in this area are pretty narrow.
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )Baco's are overpriced. Pork Belly is amazing. No booze? Ugh :(Ba Chi was a nice place to eat, and had a nice crowd when we were there on a weeknight. The food is decent, but is definitely a little bit overpriced for its quality. I recommend the curry tofu appetizer. I'm not usually a tofu eater, but this was very flavorful.Tan Dinh's skinnier relative - menu's a little smaller but just as good
My parents wanted something healthy and suggested Vietnamese and I initially said no because I really only like to eat Vietnamese on the West Bank or in the east and I didn't want to go that far, then I remembered Eater NOLA sent something out about a soft opening of Ba Chi UPTOWN!! Today was the first day of their soft opening. They're actually opening next week. We were very happy we went.
We shared 2 appetizers and 2 entrees between the three of us and we were very full. We ordered the vietnamese coffee (drip coffee with condensed milk) served over ice and some ice tea and our total was $29 for everything.
Tried the:
Baco (appetizer) - these are like soft steamed dumplings that are folded, almost like a taco. Think pork bun's from Duong Phoung. It's that consistency. They have all different kinds of fillings and most come 2 to a serving for about 3.50 - 4.50. I ordered the soft shell crab w spicy mayo which only came 1 but was really good. I think they let you mix and match but I'm not sure. 
Fresh Shrimp Spring Egg Rolls served with peanut sauce - standard vietnamese fare. Good stuff, tastes like it supposed to.
Seafood Pho - My parents loved the pho broth. They wish they picked a meat one instead, not bc the seafood wasn't great but bc they realized that's what they were craving later. Mom was impressed. Prices ran about 8.50-9.50 for a big ol bowl.
Charbroiled pork rice dish with eggrolls - This was I think 8.50 and then you add the daikon radish salad, kimchee and egg for a $1 plus sticky rice cakes for another $1. It sucks you have to tack on another $2 for something that should come with it, but that being said this food is pretty friggin cheap anyways. Wonder if they should just include it and increase the price? Comes with 2 fried meat egg rolls, filled with tons of meat, great flavor and filling. 
Sticky rice - these are basically fried rice patties, thnk fried grits, but it's fried rice. It's the consistency of risotto but has a slightly sweet almost coconut flavor. Bc it reminds me of this filipino dessert my mom makes (coconut sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves) I would prefer noodles or regular rice topped with an egg next time. Still it's pretty good, especially if you didn't grow up in a filipino household thinking it's dessert.
No doubt I will be back. I want to try the banh mi and I will definitely come back and get another rice plate. 
I would love to see some duck (maybe in the baco) and some different kinds of spare ribs like lemmon pepper and salt they serve at the Tan Dinh. It's soooooo good. Would also love it if they added an avocado tapioca smoothie like the one they have on the west bank. If you haven't tried one also delis.
Give it try, you won't regret and prices are great for Uptown!Hands down best Vietnamese food I've ever eaten in my life. I almost didn't want to write a review because I didn't want to see my fav restaurant get over crowded but that'd be really selfish of me. 
If you've ever had a baco/sticky bun before just forget about it because it won't compare to Ba Chi's bacos. Good god they're incredible. They have an incredibly diverse selection as well. The creamy spicy shrimp and crispy brisket will literally make you rip your pants off. They're that good. I recently got the creamy spicy shrimp Bah Mi and it was equally as good. 
And if the food wasn't enough already, which it is, Ba Chi has an awesome wait staff. Quit reading and go now!Really inconsistent! I went for lunch a few weeks ago and the food was fanastic. I had the pho and the flavors were right on... My husband had a vermicelli bowl with roast pork and it was really fresh and flavorful. But then last night... We went with a friend, and first I can say the service was poor... Not rude, but totally inattentive. We ordered three appetizers and two entrees, and each came out at a different random time, with the third appetizer coming after both entrees. The chicken and herb salad pho was overly salty and the base tasted a lot like liptons chicken soup. The curry mussels were good, but they came with fries that were totally cold. The curry beef stew with roti was very rich (basically the same curry as the mussels, but even heavier), and with very little meat in it (though the roti itself was great)... And my husband's vermicelli bowl this time around just didn't seem quite as fresh. I think I'll stick with Pho Bistreaux on Oak street, which is extremely consistent...Ba Chi Canteen is my favorite among the various new Vietnamese restaurants popping up all over New Orleans. Easily accessible on Maple Street with a parking lot, Ba Chi Canteen has an eclectic menu that's filled with all kinds of dishes beyond the usual Pho or Bun. The fact that it has a connection to Tan Dinh, a great established restaurant on the West Bank, doesn't hurt either.
While their Chicken Pho and Pork Belly Bun dishes are good, Ba Chi really shines in its appetizers and other small dishes. The Lemongrass Wings are spicy, potent, and packed with flavor. The Fish Tacos and Chips are SO good - Fried fish wrapped in a flaky roti topped with some slaw and sauce plus a side of fries. The 
The Baco's are pretty good, though a bit small for my taste. The service can be inconsistent at times.
The outdoor seating is a plus on nice days.Sometimes I have dreams about Bacos. They are probably the greatest food invention of the last several years (move over, cronuts). The service at Ba Chi can be odd sometime, but the food and prices more than make up for it. I typically pick up from them so that might influence my rating , but damn...Bacos win it all.Affordable, quick, and authentic. My girlfriend always wants to go there, and for good reason. BYOB is a nice touch. All said, a very solid spot for decently-priced Vietnamese.Simple place, student hangout, with really good food at a reasonable price.  I had three "baco" mini sandwiches--tofu, fish, and pork belly (aka ba chi).  All very tasty and fresh.  My fellow diners enjoyed their tofu bacon and a rice bowl with shrimp.  The summer roll with avocado was terrific too.  Yum.I maxed out on Ba Chi (pork belly): bi chi bacos (their version of a taco - a fun, dim sum-sized appetizer), ba chi special and ba chi vermicelli. The kimchi fires did not delight me as they did many others. One of the nicer things here is you pick the type of carb you'd like, then pick the actual meal. There's a sour lemonade with club soda that was quite refreshing as well. 
What I didn't like was the service. From the waiter shaking the club soda bottle and not telling me, not bringing napkins after the mess was made, food brought out in strange groupings and entrees arriving much later than planned. If you didn't order iced tea, you weren't offered a refill, water of the option of a different beverage. Even silverware was forgotten until we asked for it. 
I'd like to try it again, because the food was tasty, but it will be much later when management hires actual wait staff rather than kids who need a summer job.Ba Chi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  I have no idea what the other reviews are talking about, in terms of service.  I've never gotten anything but polite, helpful and knowledgeable wait staff. I live about 2.5 blocks from Ba Chi, so I've eaten here a lot. Everything is delicious...my go-to is the creamy spicy tofu po boy. Love this place.Fabulous restaurant! Bacos and tacos are delicious! Everything I've tried is wonderful!Tried this for a lunch date with a friend of mine. It has pretty good tofu pho. It was perfect for lunch time because it was not too crowded. I liked the seating because it's all open with windows. The waiter and waitress were very friendly and helpful. Definitely going to come back and to try other things!The best pho uptown. This side of New Orleans East and the West Bank, this is the place to go. (Besides Lily's Cafe) I prefer it over the often-davored Magasin. NOTE: Pork Fecta is way delicious. You should try it. Really.So many options on the menu PLUS their specials. I came in for some pho for my cold but there were SO many items I wanted to try. I will be back!Very good Vietnamese food and very accommodating. Can't wait to go back and get more of those coconut curry chicken bocas and kimchi fries!Love this place. So good and so inexpensive. Lots of vegetarian options. The tacos were the most amazing things. This is our new restaurant to walk to for sure. Also the staff was incredibly nice and really worked as a team.I'd say 3.5 stars for now, maybe after the initial new restaurant growing pains have passed, I can make it a 4 or higher. The space itself is fantastic - great covered outdoor patio and pretty bright interior. I went for lunch, and I realize this week was the soft opening. However, the service was slow (both in response to our needs for water, silverware, etc. and in the cooking of the entrees, but that may have been because the server put it in too late.) Our server was not knowledgeable at all. He was a nice enough kid, but he had no menu knowledge at all - he'd tried many of the menu items, and when we'd ask if this or that was good, he'd say, "I personally wasn't a fan, but if you like that sort of thing..." That's a poor response. Or if we'd want him to describe something he really didn't know much about how to describe it. He called bahn mi "po-boys"  (and said, "If you want a po-boy I don't know why you'd go to a Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans) and didn't know what I was talking about when I said "bun" or requested "nuoc cham". For the record, I'm not Vietnamese. If you're going to work at a Vietnamese restaurant, educate yourself on the lingo; it's one thing to get the food right, it's another to make sure someone's managing the staff correctly. The food itself was delightful, once it came out. Salt & pepper calamari was great, as were the spring rolls. The bun was good, but the nuoc cham (sauce/dressing) was very watered down. The "bacos" my friends had were delicious and there's a great selection. The crepes were also great. I'd go back for the 7-course beef dinner, that's for sure. I hear it's fantastic. I'll try again - but hopefully the comment cards folks are filling out are along these same lines - staff needs some training.Our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant! Delish from beginning to the end! Shrimp pho and brisket pho hit the spot on a chilly day.I dream about their tofu bacos, especially the pad thai version. I'm not sure how they achieve the cloud-like texture in those puffy little baco "shells", but they are delightful. 
Garden vegetable spring rolls were also very tasty, especially with the accompanying peanut sauce. 
Staff is attentive and very welcoming, and the restaurant definitely has a chill neighborhood feel. Highly recommended!I really like this place, and have been here twice now. I've only gotten the "bacos" - like tacos but with a steamed bun instead of the tortilla. On my last visit, I got 3 bacos - coconut shrimp, curry chicken and BBQ pork. All of them were delicious. The interior is fairly nondescript, although there is a nice little covered patio area as well.Long story short.
- Vegetarian & Pescetarian friendly. I recommend getting the garden fresh spring rolls, the Pho spicy lemongrass tofu ( HAS A KICK!) , or the tofu bacos.
- Vietnamese meat lovers dream. Bachi = flavorful pork belly. I recommend the charbroiled pork fresh spring rolls, the creamy spicy shrimp, honey ponzu chicken/catfish, or coconut curry chicken BACOS!  Comes inside a cute, mini, soft, thick, sweet, delish steamed  flour bun. 3 - 4 bacos are enough to fill you up.
As for the hot stuff, try their pho chicken or combination.
A Jasmine steam rice plate with the spicy lemongrass shrimp. ( i LOVE their spicy lemongrass sauce)
Or the sticky rice coconut flavored fried patty with lemongrass chicken. 
Oh, and make sure to look out for their specials!Love this place! 
There's an overall Asian-fusion flavor profile for most of the dishes that I've tried, that is really dialed in for my personal taste. 
The "Bacos" are a great idea- each one is a fairly unique flavor presentation, so you can keep ordering different ones, and never get tired of the concept.
Special favorites are the Lemongrass Pork Lettuce wrap, the Char grilled Pork Baco, and the Brussels Sprout appetizer... but there are so many!The baco were really perfect! I tried the BaChi one, will never forget it! Would like to try them all but my stomack is not big enough!
The pho was just ok though, the noodles were not cooked enoughI was worried by earlier reviews on the service and resigned to just grab takeout, but when we got to the restaurant around 6 there were lots of tables and friendly waitstaff. Twenty minutes later, the place was packed and we could definitely tell why!
Pork summer rolls are incredible. We ordered three bacos each, and were absolutely stuffed by the end.
My favorite were the coconut shrimp and the creamy crispy catfish. The boyfriend loved the oyster and barbecue pork. 
I will be coming back again...and again...and again. Water had ice. The check came on time and was accurate (though surprisingly cheap!).I've been twice and the food has generally been very good. I enjoyed the beef pho and the coconut chicken "baco" quite a bit; the service was friendly and excellent both times despite what some early yelp commenters have said. Will definitely go back, makes a perfect lunch spot in the neighborhood.AWFUL SERVICE AND AWFUL STAFF. I've been here multiple times and every time the service gets worse and worse. Last time I was here the server was extremely rude and got mad at me for asking for water and napkins. 
Surprisingly I came back again to give it another try, and with no surprise, the service is even worse than before somehow. I walk in and was berated by the woman at the front counter just for asking how much longer the wait for my party would be. I didn't think it was that crazy of a question as there were 5 tables that were open. But she started raising her voice and rudely told me that I couldn't have any of the open tables. When I asked why she looked like she was about to jump over the counter and choke me so I just walked out. 
This place needs to learn how to treat their customers with respect or they will have no customers at all.One of my most favorite places to eat. The servers are incredibly kind and accommodating. The food is A-mazing! The ba chi spring rolls and Bacos ( unique only to this restaurant ) are a must try. Please visit if you like Vietnamese food, you won't regret it.Great service, food is affordable and delicious. Love the Thai tea. Found a screw in our appetizer but it wasn't a huge deal to us (accidents happen, at least we saw it) we still ate the food and offered to pay for it but they were sweet and voided it on the bill anyway.My wife and I have been here 3 times now and have always enjoyed our meal. My wife, the pho phonatic, has ordered pho each time to great satisfaction. I've had the pho as well and enjoyed it. Not the best pho I've ever had, but it's up there. 
I love bacos. I've tried about 5 bacos flavors and at minimum have enjoyed them. 
I'm giving them 4 stars because I just ordered a shrimp dish and it was ok. I wouldn't order it again. Can't give 5 stars for an ok dish. 
Overall, great place to sate that pho craving and the bacos are a fun eats.What I had: The Garlic Pepper Shrimp with Vermicelli; Bulgogi Baco; Coffee w/ condensed milk
The vermicelli dish might not have exactly the same condiments as your favorite place on the westbank.  The baco is probably a travesty because your Vietnamese grandmother would NEVER put Korean anything in hear steamed buns.  It might be a focused menu so it's missing some of the things that you find everywhere else.  So?! It's Ba Chi Canteen and it can do what it wants. 
I ate my lunch outdoors (try to name three Vietnamese restaurants in NO that let you do that). I had friendly, friendly, friendly service. AND, the food was delicious. 
Thank you for finally opening an uptown Vietnamese restaurant worth its weight in vermicelli. 
One thing though: About those fish sauce dispensers.  The little bits of onion and/or garlic kept getting stuck in the tip so I finally gave up and had to pour.  Try cutting more off the tip to allow those bits to pass. ;)The bacos... little taco like appetizers with Chinese bun-like texture were outstanding.  The pork belly and lobster and creamy spicy shrimp were standouts.  Really good fresh spring rolls, but not as good as Lilly's.  The pho was also really great, good flavor.  Best I've had so far on the Eastbank, though not quite up there with westbank standouts Pho Hoa, etc... The servers were nice and attentive.  Fun place, clean.  Exact opposite of  Charcoal's (Yeah, yeah apples and oranges)  I'm definitely going back.  No liquor license (I guess), but I did see diners bringing their own wine bottles, so that's an option.  Don't know if there's a corkage fee.This place is so close to home but probably my least favorite pho place around town.  Not yummy.Absolutely adore this place. One of those key New Orleans spots that I always go back to. While some may think it's inconvenient to BYOB, for some reason (maybe because it's cheaper) I love that concept. The beef curry stew is my go-toBurgers are back! curry or Kimchi will do! Excellent service and friendly dove. Free WiFi.I gave them 5 stars, because the pho is great and at a good price. Not over priced like most places. We ordered pork belly spring roll and share one BBQ pork Baco  for appetizer. The BBQ pork Baco was awesome!  I could have ate 3 more BBQ pork Baco and would have been satisfied.  Then my husband and I shared a combination pho. It was a lot of food. I got the bubble Thai tea...my favorite!  We were so impressed by the BBQ pork Baco we ordered 3 to go!  All of this cost about $30 with tax!  I love this place!  Other reviews say bad this about this place, but this was my second time there and it was even better the second time around!  I would go back in a heart beat!  FYI if you spend over $30 on your bill, they will donate 86 cents to end children hunger...Hey anything helps!My wife and I first walked into this casual but pleasant, affordable but high quality BYO approximately six months ago.  We have been returning at least once a week ever since, and Ba Chi has yet to disappoint!  
I'm a creature of habit. I tend to identify the dishes I love and order them over and over again.  Not so at Ba Chi Canteen.  I've been working my way through the menu, and have yet to find an item that I haven't enjoyed (especially their "off menu" items, which are truly special).
The pho is top notch, as are the vermicelli dishes.  The bacos are divine - you'll want to order a selection.  But the entire off menu menu should be tried.  The brussels sprouts with sausage are amazing, the mussels in curry sauce are so good that they expose Ba Chi's only weakness (no bread), and the pork lettuce wraps are fab.
Service is good, fast, friendly and polite - the staff really seem to care about the restaurant.  What really puts the capper on the experience is the price point - this is one of the great bangs for your buck.Carrying on in the Tan Dinh tradition but with their own spin on things-Bacos. Very much enjoyed their presentation of the Pho Tai.  The broth is added to the bowl at the table. In our two trips we have had Bacos each time and they are incredible.  Today we had a fried oyster Baco that was outstanding. The coffee is wonderful. Can't wait to try the special meal they serve on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.Best vietnamese in the uptown area for sure. Stoked when they moved in.OMG.  My husband and I had lunch here today and I am quite impressed with the food.
I had the pork belly and pate bahn mi and it was delicious.  The pork belly was prepared just the way I like it, in small pieces and cooked so that the fat melts in your mouth and the meat is super tender.  Also, the pate wasn't overwhelming, but just right. It had an Earthy flavor that complemented the sweetness of the pork belly perfectly.  
The decor isn't much to look at but the place is clean and bright.  The service was as good as the food, too.
I will definitely be back sooner rather than later.Sooo goood! The baco's are amazing and they cater to vegans/vegetarians very well--will definitely be coming backHad my first takeout order from here last night and was thoroughly impressed!  Shrimp pho was amazing, my new fave pho in the city, which I was NOT expecting.  The spicy shrimp baco was amazing.  I am about to order pickup again for tonight.  Yep, two nights in a row.Yes yes. Ba Chi did not disappoint.
I was delighted when I arrived here and I was seated on the enclosed patio on a nice (but rainy) evening. It made for a nice atmosphere, even though it was a little humid.
We started with a couple of pork spring rolls. While they weren't the best I have ever had, they were definitely tasty and the pork was cooked to perfection. For my meal I decided on the Pho with rare flank and brisket. It was out of this world. Not only was I served a huge bowl that was packed to the brim with meat and noodles, but the broth had a lot of flavor. It was so yum and the brisket was cooked to perfection and piled high in the Pho. It made for an amazing meal. I have to say that I really liked the prices. Some of these places feel that they need to mark the food up a bit because the restaurant is uptown. Here you get a good uptown meal at an excellent price.
Extra points because my friend requested that he take his leftover Pho to go. The waitress took it to box it up and accidentally dropped it, so she gave him an entire new order (complete with a baggie of bean sprouts!), even after he had told her not to worry about it. That's good business for you. Stop in. Eat. You won't be let down.I have only ever gotten take out, and it is amazing. Watch out, when they say something is spicy, they aren't joking around. Overall, the food is phenomenal. We've had (and recommend) the baco's, spicy lemongrass shrimp, the porkfecta, and the spring rolls. My wife has actually eaten inside and said their service is just as good as the food. They're always super friendly when I walk in.The sticky rice is definitely my pick when you get the choice! Maybe the most flavorful spring roll in the city!My wife and I first had something at Ba Chi a few days before their soft opening when they were giving away sample and we thought it was good enough to give it a try.
Starters (these were very good):
My wife had the grilled pork spring rolls. These were a very good version of the dish. In addition to the usual pickled daikon, lettuce, mint, meat, etc, they include slices of crispy shallot which gives it a nice crunch. Peanut sauce was above average.
I had the bacco which is like a folded over pork bun (you can get various kinds of filling, both veg and non-veg). I went with the BBQ pork version and was not disappointed. The bread is very soft,almost pillowy, slightly sweet compliment to the sandwich contents. They add a little sirhacha and hoisin inside. Very good.
Pho:
We both tried various versions of pho and our criteria on pho is the quality of the broth. This was not a good version. The broth pho ga (chicken) had no balance in taste. It also had a very off-putting sour/tangy flavor. And, no, we had no added any lime juice. We could not balance that taste by adding more sirhacha, or jalapeño, or hoisin. The broth here does not compare to that of places in Metairie (check out Pho-Nola on Transcontinental) or the Westbank (Pho Tau Bay).
Finally, the prices are high especially for being down the road from Tulane/Loyola and probably dependent on student business. Lunch for 2 was $35 (2 apps, 2 pho, no drinks). I would come back to try the vermicelli bowl and bahn mi, but I did notice that there were no bahn mi's less than $9. Curious, as most places in the area have them for around $4 and even Cafe Magazin (walking distance from us), which I find a bit pretentious, has bahn mi for around $5.
Eagerly awaiting another pho place on the corner of Oak & Carrolton.Ah-may-zing.  So good.  Those bacos are addictive!!  Prices are very reasonable.  Haven't had a bad dish yet.  One week I ate there three times - yum :)Delicious.  I've been to this place twice and everything I've eaten was great.  I love the Spicy Lemongrass Wings for an appetizer.  I recommend the Ba chi and sticky rice for an entree.  Add a baco or two if you especially hungry!Ba Chi...I've returned with an apology. Over the past couple of months, I have been to your establishment more times than I can count. At first, reluctantly dragged by my boyfriend. But now, I seem to be the one dragging him. 
Although I still have yet to take the plunge and try your lemongrass chicken wings again, I gave the vermicelli bowl another shot. I swapped out the salt and pepper shrimp for some lemongrass tofu and WOW. I could eat this multiple times a week! It's super spicy, flavorful, and there is absolutely no lack of tofu in this dish! Things also seem to blend together more easily with the extra lemongrass sauce in the mix. If you think tofu is bland, give this a try and I know you'll see the light. As always, the bacos are soft pillowy mouthfuls of heaven. I have yet to try a single one that I don't like. And as for the rest of your menu items, not only have you stepped things up in regards to creativity but execution as well. From kimchi burgers to hummus, I want to try it all. 
Ba Chi, I hope you can forgive me.This is my absolute favorite Vietnamese restaurant. The food is authentic and delicious and the menu is extensive meaning that everyone in your party can find a dish that they'll love. While the service is sometimes slow, it is well worth any wait. Usually if I need something urgently, I'll go up to the counter and the person there is more than happy/able to help with whatever I need. I would HIGHLY recommend any baco on the menu as they're unbelievably tasty and you won't find them many other places. I usually order 2 for lunch and 3 for dinner, preceded by some kimchi fries and brussel sprouts.Tried this place yesterday and the service was fine. The food overall was good. The shrimp and pork dumplings for an appetizer was delicious and the pork "baco" my husband got was delicious, as was his salt and pepper shrimp with the sticky rice cakes. My entree was quite bland though... I got the pork belly with vermicelli. And unfortunately two of the pork pieces I got were 100% fat.Pho-nomenal!! This is amazingly delicious Vietnamese food at a very reasonable price. I really loved the Pho with brisket and the egg rolls. Great food.Good prices good food good drinks
Well rounded package. The music is loud so keep in mind it's not for relaxing times its for lets get some fun memory times. 
Food is Mexican style obviously but it has a large variety they even have tortas!! Which is just a fancy word for sandwich but it is delicious here. The burritos are huge so for those big appetite people you're in for a treat. 
Drinks are strong we got the frozen swirls which sounds fruity and whatever's but it packs a punch. Not usually a tequila fan but I like how the drinks are here. 
Price is decent entrees around 10$ or you can just get a taco for about 2.25$. Drinks are around 10$ as well. Not bad, especially out with friends you can pre game or post game here. 
Nice fun atmosphere to be with friends I highly recommend swinging by on the weekends.