I made the mistake of being nosy and looking in the kitchen here.  I will not slander anyone, but i will never eat here again, and urge anyone who reads this to go to the much cleaner Lebanon's on Carrolton instead.  Same basic menu of Middle Eastern food.Okay let's see. I've ordered for pick up a Babylon platter $$$
1. Taste - 4/5 on scale of 5
2. Price - 2/5 - a little bit on the high end for a single entree
3. Quality & service - 3/5 - to go order so not so much service comment here, but the presentation was good, but my salad came with no sauce. The cucumber sauce that came with the entree was a bit thicker and less refreshing than what I used to order from most Mediterranean places. The hummus wasn't all that to what I'm used to. I know different places different taste but too far off different. Oh well that's my share of opinion :)Babylon Cafe has the best Mediterranean food in the city.  I discovered this place a few years ago and we have eaten there at least twice a month since.  Like everyone else has said, the atmosphere isn't anything special but I don't go to restaurants for the atmosphere, I go for the food.  In Babylon's case, the food is awesome.  My favorite item there is the Chicken Kufta sandwich.  The pita bread, lettuce chicken and tomatoes are so fresh.  The best part about this place is that is cheap.  I can spend the same amount of money here getting good food as I would at McDonald's.  If you are close to Maple St. and hungry give this place a try.  You won't regret it.This place was just OK. I went here with my girlfriend for dinner. I had been here once before and remembered the food being good.
To start, we got the hummus with their homemade bread. Their bread is DELICIOUS, and comes hot from the oven. The hummus was standard, but I enjoyed it.
The issue was with my entree. I got the combination shish kabob, with lamb and beef. My girlfriend got just the lamb kabob. Maybe my mistake was getting the combo, because I thought the meat was gristle-y and dry. The salad was good, but my rice was kind of dry. My girlfriend LOVED her dish, though. Maybe I just got the wrong thing.
The waitress was nice, though she was the only one working. 
I dunno, nothing about this place made me want to go back, and I would probably go to one of the many other options for this type of food around the Uptown area.Looking for something on Maple that was not usuals. Always past this place but never thought to go until I read the reviews... Glad I did. Perfect Mediterranean food. The beef shawarma was absolutely succulent and delicious! Great hummus with white or wheat pita. The wheat pita was very fresh and great tasting. WWOZ playing in the backround just in case you forgot you in Nola...loved itFinally some decent Mediterranean food!! Moving here from a city that has every type of food you can think of, I've found it quite challenging to find local authentic places. Several people have recommended Mona's and I'm sorry after two tries I have NOT been impressed. Walking down Maple St, we stumbled across this place for lunch. Hummus definitely deserves two thumbs up as well as the shawarma's. I had the chicken and my mate had the lamb gyro which was seasoned perfectly. Both were excellent. We also sampled the baklava for dessert which was great. If I'm in the mood for Mediterranean I definitely know where ill
be going.Tried this place for lunch today and it was very good! We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer, which was pretty tasty, but a tiny bowl. I got the chicken shawarma and my husband ordered the chicken kabob wrap. My shawarma was very good, definitely plenty of food on my plate. My husband's wrap was messy and he ended up cutting it up into some sort of salad. Overall, this place was delicious and great for lunch. Will definitely come back!Really excellent food! Everything we had was delicious. The falafel appetizer was well seasoned and they were moist inside, whereas a lot of places dry them out.  They came with a nice pesto sauce and two variations of tahini. The gyro burrito really hit the spot and my wife thoroughly enjoyed the Babylon combo plate. You get tones of food and the prices are decent. The Lebanese iced tea was also good and has free refills. There house made bread is awesome as well!Great little place on Maple. BYOB,good for lunch or dinner. Their homemade bread is amazing and I could eat the hummus all day long. Had the gyro and falafal wraps for lunch. Really good. Usually just got the gyro plate for dinner every time I went there and it would feed me for 2 nights. Friendly service and you can sit outdoors as well.One of my favorite places for a gyro plate in the area. I really think they get the meat just perfect, and I like the accompaniments. The hummus is delicious and served with a delicious spoonful of fresh green garlic in the center. 
BOTTOM LINE: Solid Greek food, good gyros, and a pleasant outdoor seating area on Maple when the weather is nice.I love chicken Shwarma and order it every time I get Mediterranean food. Only downside is it is a bit pricey for the portion sizes.I was here and ordered a couple of gyros (one for me and one for a friend). I was not impressed at all. Mine tasted more like a cheese steak with gyros meat. The "tzatziki sauce" was merely melted cheese and the meat was sliced pretty thick. 
On a positive note, the staff was friendly and courteous and the service was prompt-though that may because hardly anyone else was in there. 
Price-wise, the 2 gyros cost just a hair under $20 which, in my opinion, was overpriced considering the quality.It's no secret that I love Mediterranean food and I am slowly trying every Mediterranean restaurant in the New Orleans area.
I stopped into Babylon Cafe for dinner and it was a fairly slow night. This is a "no frills" type of place, hence the "cafe" title, but I like the murals on the wall and the staff is friendly. I got an order of the beef shawarma which came with a side salad and yellow jasmine rice. I got hummus on the side, because it doesn't come with the dish.
The dish was a bit expensive at $17, but the serving was huge- easily enough food for two people to share and I had a ton of leftovers. The shawarma was tender, well spiced and delicious. The salad was perfect and fresh. And then there was the rice- what was in this rice?? This rice might be the best yellow jasmine rice I have ever had. I'm usually not a big fan of rice in dishes like this, because I find it a bit dry, but I couldn't get enough of it here. 
I was disappointed in the hummus- for some reason it just lacked flavor to me. I usually like to spread the hummus on my meat (am I the only one?) and I didn't do that here because I almost felt as if it would have taken away from the flavor of the meat. I was also disappointed that it cost $2 or $3 for a side of hummus when I felt it really should have been included with the meal, especially considering the meal was $17. 
Service was fantastic and the waitress was great about refilling drinks and checking on us regularly. I would return, but Babylon wouldn't be my first stop for Mediterranean.Babylon is an amazing restaurant for the price. You get large portions for very reasonable prices. As most have said before me, the homemade bread is absolutely lovely. The grape leaves are some of the best I've ever had and are hand made, which is a rare treat in most restaurants. The hummus was great and the lamb was cooked to perfection. I also highly recommend the falafel and kibbeh, they were both fantastic. The tabbouleh was way too cucumbery for me (this may be authentic, but it seemed that the salad was majority cucumber. I've never had tabbouleh like this and I still prefer little to no cucumbers in my tabbouleh) but if you like a lot of cucumber I'm sure you'll love it. I'll be back soon to try more of the menu, and thats a promise!Meat Shawerma is better than Chicken. Foul, van beans, very good quality. Usually we have it everyday in Egypt as breakfast. Coke was not feezy and returned it twice until we asked the server to get us a bottled one, then she said we don't have it, until I hsd to get to show her. Oh Ihad to go get silverware. .. as food was served but they forgot to get us silverware.  Oh for ur sandwich they ask you which bread, but they endup giving you what's easier for them!! GOOD FOOD. TERRIBLE SERVICE!!The chef might need some better knife skills but he certainly shouldn't quit his day job.
Just as the Kabob isn't a Kabob, here, Gyro isn't thin shavings of meat, but rather chunks. Perhaps in the sandwich it is different but on the Gyro plate, I got a pile of cubed Gyro meat (+ tomatoes and onions) with bread and 2 sides (not a Gyro wrap which I had hoped for).
Slices, cubes, triangles, octagons...who cares when the food still taste great!Definitely my favorite Middle Eastern cuisine in New Orleans, used to be all about Lebanon's until I came here for the first time. I love their turlu (sauteed vegetables, basmati rice, and tons of cheese baked in the oven until the cheese is melty and delicious) and their gyro salad, which is more gyro than salad. Their lentil soup is warm and comforting, but the hummus is not as good as it could be (but my boyfriend disagrees). However, I ALWAYS get the hummus because of the BREAD!!! Forget pita bread, their baked bread is amazing- warm, tasty, crispy, and fluffy. The best partner for their creamy hummus. 
I always leave with leftovers, as their portions are huge, and most of their entrees come with a salad and hummus. Great prices for the quality and quantity. Could give a damn about the atmosphere that other people complain about... that's not the reason you should go here.Stopped in at lunch time for a delicious gyro & turkish coffee.  Had to try the baklava; glad I did.
No MSG added.
Quiet, cozy, great service.Terrible delivery.  We asked for extra pita...not there.  We also asked for the gyro meat to be sliced thin and well done...we received huge chunks of barely cooked meat.  They totally forgot the baklava.Excellent food with reasonable prices. We ordered the Lamb chops to share which comes with a large salad and a side of Basmati rice and assorted vegetables and home made bread.  You can add a side of Hummus for $3.00. The meal comes with 8 delicious and perfectly cooked chops. We were stuffed and took home four chops and half the rice and vegetables for another meal! The stuffed grapes leaves are also delicious. Don't pass this place by. Great food at great prices. We will be back over and over. Worth the drive  from the north shore !This restaurant justifies 5 stars with excellent service (friendly, attentive and efficient), absolutely delicious food in large portions, food that had many in-house made elements such as sauces and breads, decent prices and a charming atmosphere. There is nothing that I could think about to give critical feedback for my experience here (or any previous dining experience) Friday night. 
My husband and I each got Lebanese tea to drink which was delicious. We started with falafel- which was served with house made pesto and two house made tahini sauces. The falafel was very moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside, and had wonderful flavor, as did each sauce. I got a Babylon platter which had gyro meat, grape leaves, hummus, kibby, salad, and rice- it was amazing! The gyro meat was wonderful. My husband got the gyro burrito, which is a dish unique to Babylon. They put beans, rice, jalapeños, sour cream, tomatoes and your choice of meat in a flour tortilla- you taste the Latin and the Mediterranean elements. So interesting and it was delicious! We also got both pita bread and their house made bread. The house made bread is outstanding. Overall, there was no bite of food that either of us dislike- go try them if you haven't already!Numerous people have told me about this place so I decided to stop by such Beautiful Restaurant.. I ordered Greek Salad had to pay additional money for the Chicken total was $17.00 little pricey but I have to say it was so Delicious and well worth it..Also they have outside eating area..Nice..I'm definitely come back next time Dine-In !!!!I use to go almost everyday after high school, and got burnt out but thankfully I rediscovered Babylon's when I started grad school. It is as good as it gets for Mediterranean food in New Orleans, especially at their prices/BYOB.
My personal favorites: Hummus, Falafel, GRAPE LEAVES (a must), chicken shawarma, lamb meat with hummus, and of course, their gyro.
You must ask for their HOMEMADE BREAD, or this review is a waste, and I will be schad and cry, and no one wants that.Best Mediterranean food in the city.  I have been here 4 times now and every time it is wonderful.  From Gyros to Shwarma (probably spelled wrong).  It's all great and the waitress was great as well. Best lunch spot in the city.This was a perfect place to take our daughter off of Tulane's campus which is a mile away.  We did the appetizer sampler plus six falafel.  We chose the homemade bread - which was piping hot and delicious.  The Lebanese yogurt spread was lemony and unique.  Loved it.  I don't usually love stuffed grape leaves but these vegetarian ones were great.  Everything else was true to form.  It was a perfect place to get away and chill.  Plus $2 beers!I had clare as a server and she was great! the food was amazing and the service was impeccable. Can't wait to come back, hope to have clare!!Good food my mom would bring home when she had to use the laundry place next door!A variety of dishes were excellent, including their hummus, grape leaves, and kabob. Fresh baked bread is a plus, it is unlimited and they serve it with olive oil.  Great service as well. But bring a jacket if it's cold out, because the heating needed to be turned up!I have always enjoyed the food at Babylon Cafe.  The Schwarma is fantastic as are the salads.  That being said, I will not go back.  The service is absolutely the worst that I have ever encountered!  My wife and I sat at a table for twenty minutes today without being acknowledged.  I understand that they are probably understaffed, but guess what?  That's no longer an excuse.  Four other tables were looking around wondering when they would get a bit of service.  The Gentleman next to us finally had to get up and track down his server just to get a check.  To make matters worse the one or two servers that were working had no sense of urgency at all.  I can overlook things of this nature once, maybe twice but this has been par for the course the last four times I have been.  Enough is enough!   We got up, walked out and made our way to the Uptown Cajun where we were met with a smile and prompt service.  Sorry Babs, but get it together!Excellent meal! We had the Greek salad (huge), grilled salmon, chicken tikka, hummus, and falafel. All were great. The chicken was very moist and flavorful. The salmon was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The portion sizes were large. Definitely rates a second trip. On a side note, was one waiter and two cooks. If you are willing to wait, the wait is worth it.Best Mediterranean food in New Orleans. One of my favorite restaurants ever! Delicious Med food at amazingly low prices. The area is cute, the staff is friendly, the decor is bomb, the menu is extensive, and most importantly, the food is the best. 
The wraps are ridiculously cheap and totally filling. The pita bread is amazing, as is the homemade bread. It's always a debate between the gyro and chicken shawarma--both are terrific...as is the hummus and the spinach and artichoke dip. HIGHLY recommended!stopped in here for a quick little lunch.   I was out shopping and no one should shop hungry.    
hummous / pita / kibbe
wonderful stuff.
waitstaff over the top wonderful.We love Babylon. The home made bread is absolutely wonderful. The gyro plate is my absolute favorite. It's enough for two and cooked to perfection. This place gets five stars because I used to eat this food near Babylon (Iraq) for two years. The dishes here reminded me of the food the neighborhood families would fix for us.I've gotten takeout from this place more times than I can possibly count in the past six years, so I might as well chime in with a solid review.  .  
The only reason I give it 4/5 stars is because, as others have noted, it can be inconsistent at times -- maybe 10% of the time the meat is a beat overcooked/greasy or something is off.  But I keep going back for the other 90%!  The hummus is always good, the homemade bread is phenomenal, and a single entree and appetizer easily feed a family of three (with leftovers!) for around $20 and there's nothing wrong with that.Upon coming into the restaurant, the mural on the wall caught my eyes, was so beautiful. I love coming into Mediterranean restaurants and seeing the murals on the wall, it's so pretty! But anyways we sat ourselves and was approached minutes later by the server. She was nice, helpful, and patient with my HANGRY-ness. I ordered the lamb and beef shish kabob combo with the hummus and bismati rice, my friend got the complete platter which came with grape leave rolls, hummus, falafel, and I think it was either lamb or beef. She started us off with the bread which was warm and fresh. They don't do the pita bread they give their own bread which is good! We had the falafel which was stuffed with something green inside, it was our first time, it was so good! As for our entrees, I think the meat on my combo plate was a tad over cooked... Almost dry. I couldn't tell which was the lamb or the beef. So I hardly touched it. The grape leaves were bigger than any restaurant I've went to usually serves, though! But the meat .. It just was dry. Sorry.. However the Girl was so nice and patient. Service was great. But the meat needs improvement. I usually am use to lamb being way more tender and the beef should be even a little tender but no.. Sorry Babylon. Maybe we came at a bad time because everyone else's reviews are good. We came when they first opened Saturday morning... Lol idk. anyways... We'll come back again definitely.In my opinion, this is one of the more underrated Mediterranean restaurants in the city. The service is always A++. It is a great place to go if you are watching your calories because the dinner sized salads are huge. I have never had a bad experience here. Usually, I order the combination shawarma with the hummus and salad. I love the dressing that they use on the salad. It has the right balance of vinegar, oil and spices. I also recommend the lamb, kebabs, and falafel. Now, stop reading my review and go getcha some!!!My favorite Mediterranean place. I get the vegetarian plate although I eat meat. I just love the variety- and the house made bread.
And finally the Lebanese tea. Amazing.I've come twice. Both times the food is awesome but the service is even better. The waitstaff truly care about their restaurant and it shows. They're knowledgeable about the food and helpful with suggestions. I come from over 40 minutes away and it's worth it every time.I love this place. Since moving to New Orleans, this has been my go to place for middle Eastern food.
The home made bread, mint tea, stuffed grape leaves, kafta platter and chicken shawarma are all things that have been delicious. The place really delivers on their promise for good middle eastern food ( unlike Lebanon cafe on Carrollton).
Plus, the wait staff has always been very friendly and the place itself is super cute! Well done guys, this is a quality establishment, better than some of the other overrated places like Lebanon cafe.Absolutely love: The hummus, baba ganoush, the chicken schwarma, the homemade bread, the grape leaves. Falafel is amazing - we've eaten it all over the country, including NYC and this is superb. Service is good, however sometimes they seem short-staffed (and the man who seems to own the place who sometimes sits in the dining room doesn't help the servers when they get slammed with takeout and tables or register, which seems off). Haven't tried the other dishes so can't comment. Very happy to have this healthy place nearby.The homemade bread is absolutely delicious and the lamb is tender and juicy.  It exceeded my expectations!Had lunch here on Halloween afternoon. I found it on Yelp because it was in walking distance of where we were staying. I ordered the combination plate and everything was fresh and tasty. They are very nice to their dog customers, too. My doggie got treated to some chicken and a bowl of water.Babylon it to me.
The Babylon platter is where its at!!! An awesome array of several items for your tasting pleasure - and all for $13 is a deal.  My only gripe is that they would not allow any substitutions.  One would think that one fried ball (kibbeh) for another kind of fried ball (falafel) wouldnt be much to ask but...apparently the dont accomodate.
I went with the beef kabob as my meat option and it (as well as everthing else) was delish.  But I was surprised to see that it was not a kabob but rather strips of beef that looked sauted with tomato and onion.  I would prefer chunks of kabob meat.
The portion was generous, I have enough leftover for dinner the next day. My least favorite on the plate was the kibbeh (ground beef deep fried ball).  The hummus was outstanding with tangy rich flavors.  The house bread is dense, soft, and a bit chewy.  Definetly get some of this bread to dip in all the goodness on the plate.
After sadly finding out that the local Thai place is not so fab, I'm so happy Babylon is here! It will be my new go to spot...and guess what?? They deliver!!!  It cant get better than that.
As I said, Babylon it to me babyFood is kinda ok. This is one of those places that I would never go back to, the whole place kinda look dirty all together with the staff. Don't get me wrong, a lot of people are impressed with this place, but I would just skip, especially if you care about how your food looks like.Food is so fresh and delicious, and the price is unbeatable in New Orleans. The staff is nice. I never ordered delivery though, which I saw most of complaining comes from. The dining in experience is nice. Recommend the lamb.Beware the website.  I have ordered the Gyro plate many times before and the website says salad with hummus OR basmati rice. It also says can substitute Baba ganuj for an extra $1.  When I ordered by phone for take out I  was informed they no longer substitute.  So, I said I would take the regular hummus then.  Got home with a double order of basmati rice.  I do not like rice!  Called them as I could go back for hummus, which I LOVE with their homemade bread and was informed they do not do hummus with this plate any longer.  Really?!  Ok, I will just eat my gyros and the salad.  Won't be back again.  What a disappointment.  Gyros is good as is their homemade bread.  But I paid $17.55 for this and refuse to pay extra for hummus of any kind.  Rice is in the trash.Its a great restaurant.  Food is great and so is the atmosphere.  The Lamb is my favorite dish there.I used to beg my friends to come eat at Babylon... it's not cajun or creole-inspired, which means it is a rare breed of New Orleans restaurant. Sometimes you just get sick of that Cajun spice blend!
I'm sad to read Zachary A's review, as it was delicious and seemed clean when I attended Tulane. The hummus special with ground lamb was by far the best, and the pita was also warm and delicious. AND I remember thinking the food tasted markedly better than Lebanon's. I would have to check it out for myself... to see if the quality really has gone downhill.I absolutely love Middle Eastern food and I will definately come back to this place. Their menu is fairly broad with lots of choices. I'm a big fan of gyro so I had the gyro sandwich and something called Safeiheh which I had never heard of or had before. It is like a mini pizza with ground lamb and beef with tomatoes. I recommend it. Their Baba Ganuj has a nice spice to it and was of a smooth texture which I personally prefer. Good prices and serviceI agree with the other reviews.. The food and prices here are awesome, but the atmosphere is definitely lacking. It is my favorite place for Mediterranean food in NOLA though. I've eaten there and gotten it as take out as well. It's just as good eating it at home. 
They have excellent Hummus. I recommend getting the homemade bread instead of the pita bread. Their Gyro on the homemade bread is delicious. The meat is tender and that bread....I don't know how they make it, but it is sooo good! Skip the pita bread all together. I also like the vegetarian plate. It comes with Hummus, Tabbouleh, Falafel, Baba Ganoush and bread. It is very filling. 
It's a quaint little place in a really cool area on Maple St. After dinner you can follow up with coffee or tea at Starbucks or PJ's which are both right next door.The gyro is so flavorful! Also served with a hefty side salad that is perfectly dressed with a light lemon dressing. Be sure to try the house bread with your hummus - it's quite scrumptious. If you are one who typically orders a glass of water, I recommend venturing out and have a glass of Lebanese iced tea, which is infused with rose water - AMAHHHZING! All of this to be complemented by very sweet staff!A few steps above the Middle Eastern and Greek restaurant standard!  The food and presentation was fresh, light and well-prepared.  The mixture of flavors and textures was a treat, and reminded me  of a Syrian restaurant I visited in Cyprus.   Service was attentive and patient with my questions about rhe menu and preparation.  The atmosphere was basic restaurant, clean, not tarted up.  Functional.   in a Mediterrainian climate and open air patio, Babylon would be world class, but summertime Gulf Coast doesn't lend itself to alfresco dining.  This is the best Middle Eastern restaurant in New Orleans, I think.  Located within easy walking distance of the streetcar line, and on Maple Strret, anpopular street of boutiques, bars and restsurantsnear the campus if Tulane.Had the gyro platter with basmati rice and hummus. I thought the meat was cooked very well and the hummus was great. I actually do my laundry next to the babylon cafe, I believe the owners happen to own it as well.My Favorite medi place in the city.  Nothing compares to it in taste.
Lebanese Tea is perfect.  Hummus with fresh hot baked bread is a must!
:)Very good Mediterranean, a bit on the more expensive side, otherwise I would have given it at least 3.5-4 stars.  Had the chicken schwarma and hubby had the gyro.  No pickles and pickled veggies on the side, which was okay.  Still good, authentic Mediterranean fare.  We shared the falafel appetizer with three different sauces.This has become our go-to Mediterranean / Middle Eastern restaurant, and recently, we've been averaging more than once per week!  Of foremost note is the large number of vegetarian and VEGAN options available. If you know this style food, you probably wouldn't be surprised by this, but I thought it was worth mentioning, nonetheless. My favorites are their falafel, vegetarian stuffed grape leaves, and hummus.  My fiancee doesn't like the hummus quite as much as I do, but for me, it reminds me of the Middle Eastern hummus I had while in that part of the world ... and, just the same, it only really tastes right after you mix a bunch of olive oil (a bottle is always on your table) in with it.  Dip in their homemade bread or their whole wheat pita, or spread it on your sandwich and you're all set.  And for the carnivores out there, I've heard good thing about their chicken and beef schwarma, too.  Friendly staff, good prices, and healthy! What more could you want?
Update:  My go-to place has changed to one of their competitors nearby whose vegetarian selections are just a bit tastier in my opinion.  However, this is still a great spot that I am happy to frequent.The near Mediterranean food!  The chicken shawarma and gyro combination platter is out of this world. Extra caramelized and the homemade hummus had puréed jalepenos on top which was awesome!!!!  We come here every month or so from lafayette and always order more to take home.How can a place nose dive so quickly? Last meal here was the blandest gyro plate I've ever eaten. Bland hummous. Some loaf bread instead of pita bread. Terrible. Try Cafe Lebanon, they're consistent and right next door.My favorite of the various Mediterranean restaurants in the area. The homemade bread is to die for, as is the hummus.
The Gyro/Shawarma Combination plate is extremely well done. It's a huge portion and VERY filling, and the salad and rice are nice add ons to balance the meal. I always insist on eating here if we're going for this kind of food. 
Service is always on point - they're particularly great at refilling iced teas, waters, and other drinks, which makes for a nice hangover meal.Ordered takeout last night, and it was great!  The falafel appetizer and two Kabob combinations.  The chicken and lamb were really good but the kafta was a little disappointing.  Seemed more like a kafta burger than kabob.  The taste, however, was good.  The highlight was a spur of the moment Turkish coffee!  Powered me putting the little ones to bed last night.After reading all the good reviews my husband and I decided to try Babylon Cafe.  It was cold outside and equally cold inside.  I usually order extra hummus but I didn't enjoy it or finish it as it was too bland and watery.  The microwave was constantly dinging and the door of the microwave was constantly slamming. My husband suggested maybe it was to warm the bread but at Lebanon's Café I have seen them use the oven for that.  I never want to go to a restaurant and constantly hear a microwave in use.  I ordered the Chicken Tecka, which I try at every Mediterranean restaurant and it was not very flavorful, it had entirely too much liquid at the bottom of the plate, it was like having "grilled" chicken sitting in soup. I also had the salad that comes with the entrée which tasted devoid of any dressing.  Needless to say I did not eat much, neither did my husband who had the gyro sandwich.  When we asked for our check we were given the usual Jordan almonds but instead of receiving them in a plastic cup they were just laying loose on the ticket tray that gets handed from person to person.What a wonderful find! My wife and I dined here today for lunch and it exceeded our expectations. Everything we ordered was fresh and properly cooking to perfection. Note: The portions are very generous, in fact, we brought some home, which was great for dinner as well. Can't wait to go back. Cheers!4/5 multi-value/great
[first caution: your dish may be served with olives that still have pits! be careful when feeding da chirrrren]
this place serves great food at a great value. at first the mid-teen price range may seem steep, but when you get your plate that actually is 3 portion sizes, then it's really a total bargain. and i'm talking like 3 dinners, not like dinner, then some breakfast crumbs and snack. it feels like theres at least a lb and a half of just the meat on my plate (and i've already been eating), plus the sides, plus the bread. great homemade bread. the guy described it as lavash, but they are more like flat rolls and were thicker than the lavash/flatbread i'm used to (dunno, might just be my experience then). i got the hummus on the side, which has a warm fullness, providing a savory bed for the seasoned meats. the rice was alright, though next time i'll probably skip and double the hummus.
ALSO for those multitaskers - they run a laundromat next door!I don't understand... So many great reviews but the place is always empty why? Well I went there twice around 8 o'clock. The first I had some grounded lamb ( delicious by the way) and the next time I had the lamb chops (not so good) 
I would still recommend it though go there during lunch hours I guess there will probably be more people.Where do I begin with Babylon Cafe?
From the homemade hummus with fresh bread to the grilled salmon with vegetables, this was most likely the best meal I had in New Orleans. DEFINITELY the best hummus I've ever had. Service was A+ and the waitress was really helpful with my indecisive self trying to decide what to eat. Lots of options here (which is always a plus). The place is walking distance from Tulane.
I miss NOLA a lot, partially because I miss the food at this awesome Mediterranean restaurant!Wonderful atmosphere. Hearty serving of both food and wine. Everything was perfect  this DIVINE hummus gave me so much life! The chicken shwarma is so juicy! The gyro is wonderful. The bread. Y'ALL! The homemade bread is life. It's a lovely Friday evening with some live music to top it off. You NEED to come to Babylon Café.This place has some of the best Middle Eastern food in the city, and it is less expensive than Lebanon.  Don't miss the Qudsia appetizer - delish! 
Yes, it's not as fancy inside, but if you want to pay extra for ambience, go elsewhere.  I don't know what the guy is talking about on their kitchen.  I've seen it and it looked perfectly clean and healthy.
Oh, and you can do your laundry next door!A restaurant that I recommend for people on a budget as well as looking for good service and appetizing food. Very satisfied with service and food. The stuffed grape leafs were fresh,and the hummus tasted great and fresh. As well as the chicken and lamb were flavorful and tender.It's cheap and quick. The Chicken Schwarma wrap on pita bread is delicious. My friend loves the vegetable salad. They always throw in some extra hummus and/or bread. Highly reccommend it. I have never had a problem with good service. Very friendly and casual.Of the 3 uptown Middle Eastern restaurants I've tried (Babylon, Mona's and Lebanon's), I like Babylon the best.  Falafel is definitely better than the other two spots, and hummus is equally as good.  I usually get their pita for my sandwiches, but their homemade bread is pretty good too.  The wraps are good and cheap, although I usually get a plate b/c it comes with side salad and extra hummus.  Always easy to get a table at lunch or dinner, and they also will have take-out ready for you if you call ahead.I liked it well enough.
Hummus is pretty good. As was mentioned by someone below, it wasn't great until I put some olive oil on top. Then it was quite nice.
The labnah had too much mint in it for my taste.
The falafels were pretty good hot with the tahini but once it cooled below blistering, it was a bit too green (like parsley tastes green? Ya know?..er..just might be me...) tasting to me. Lacked spices.
The gyro plate was bigger than Mona's but smaller than Pyramids...and while it was more similar to Pyramid's recipe, it wasn't QUITE as good.
The girly's Chicken shawarma tasted like nicely cooked chicken, but really didn't have a ton of flavor. It was ok though.
She liked the bread that came with it. To me, it was just a flatter version of a dinner roll but that's not a bad thing.
Our waitress was great. Not a single complaint about her. 
The lack of corkage fee is nice enough though we didn't bring anything...most every one else seemed to be doing so.
All in all, I have to put it in the middle of the road for flavor/price/value. 
A little above in service (My tea was empty for maybe two minutes before she got back to the table...and that was only because I drank it quickly while her back was turned). 
Ambiance...it was ok.
The bathroom experience was a little off-putting. Trying to drain the lizard with loud Telemundo soap operas as a sound track was not my favorite way toward relief.
We'd go back. But I'm not sure if I'd get the falafels again...and those are usually the main reason I go for Middle Eastern.
Plus..Pyramids is closer to my house anyway.After reading all the good reviews my husband and I decided to try Babylon Cafe.  It was cold outside and equally cold inside.  I usually order extra hummus but I didn't enjoy it or finish it as it was too bland and watery.  The microwave was constantly dinging and the door of the microwave was constantly slamming. My husband suggested maybe it was to warm the bread but at Lebanon's Café I have seen them use the oven for that.  I never want to go to a restaurant and constantly hear a microwave in use.  I ordered the Chicken Tecka, which I try at every Mediterranean restaurant and it was not very flavorful, it had entirely too much liquid at the bottom of the plate, it was like having "grilled" chicken sitting in soup. I also had the salad that comes with the entrée which tasted devoid of any dressing.  Needless to say I did not eat much, neither did my husband who had the gyro sandwich.  When we asked for our check we were given the usual Jordan almonds but instead of receiving them in a plastic cup they were just laying loose on the ticket tray that gets handed from person to person.Love it.  Period.  
I do my laundry & eat :)  Best home made bread... Always great service.  Their kibby is my favorite, along with the lebanese tea.  Perfect ratio for me.I went to Babylon recently with a girlfriend and her two children.  We were sat promptly and brought drinks.  Our order came out quickly, and the food was really good.  I had the grape leaves, I love grape leaves, and my friend had the vegetarian plate.  The portions were great, the pita was fresh, and prices were good.  The two stars I'm taking off are first and for most the bathroom.  You walk past the kitchen, and it is a one person bathroom that both the restaurant and the laundromat share.  The place was not clean, and the hand drier couldn't even push the water droplets off my hands (I'm picky about restaurant bathrooms).  The second star was for the service after we ordered.  We did not receive refills and when we asked for the check we had to ask again and still had to wait.  The place was not that busy, but there was only one server I could see.  I will probably go back because the food is good and the location is great for me.  Try it out,This is our go to place when we are starving and don't want to fight over where to eat. My boyfriend and I both love it here! The staff is always friendly and the food super fresh and really delicious. We've had almost everything on the menu and loved it all.LOTS of veggie options + cheap= great go to for food
For what ever reason I had never been here before.  i used to live across the street and yet my go to place is Lebanon's.  Well it was a Friday night and my boyfriend and I wanted something different.  We were pleased to see that we could sit down right away and love the sign that said 19 vegetarian options and 11 vegan options.
I got the veggie sandwich and we shared hummus and Ful Medames.  My boyfriend  got the fallafel sandwich.  Everything was good but my sandwich was outstanding.  
Over all good food for very little money and tons of veggie options.Satuma was closed on the day after Mardi Gras so we found ourselves on Maple Street, hungry and in the mood for something healthy. (Camelia Grill was not definitely going to work.)
We stumbled upon Babylon Cafe and decided to give them a try. The place seemed to be in a bit of disarray (we later overheard that one of the staff had just been let go earlier in the afternoon) but that didn't impact our lunch.
We ordered the chicken shawerma salad, which was plenty big enough for two hungry adults to share plus the Safeiheh (mini-pizza appetizer). Both were awesome. The food was great and the service was good.
Also... the artwork on the walls is interesting, in a good way. Look for the bunnies.Babylon cafe is solid. It's like an old war horse, not very pretty but guaranteed to get the job done. A little less shiny than it's culinary cousin Lebanon's on Carrollton street, but a little lighter on your wallet. 
The selection at Babylon's is very good. Gyro, shwarma, chicken shwarma plates and sandwiches with delicious hummus and tzatziki sauce. The meat is moist and spiced well. The pita bread is delicious and soft. If you want you can try the more traditional bread which is soft and delicious with a nice crust on the outside. The staff is friendly and efficient. 
I've always maintained a seat close to the counter where one could easily gaze into the kitchen and never saw anything untowards within. I lived down the street from this place until about 5 months ago for approximately 3 1/2 years.  Babylon's does not offer delivery, but pickup orders are welcome. Also if you are doing your laundry next door at the laundromat you can pop in for a quick meal. Make sure to try the Lebanese Ice Tea with Pine Nuts. Also they have a better selection of traditional hot teas than Lebanon's Cafe. They're great for a cold night or when you are feeling under the weather. They do provide limited outdoor seating for those of you who would like to drink in a beautiful day. The decor is a little worn around the edges, but more like a well read book than trashy. There are paintings along the wall of beautiful scenes from the Middle East. There are kitchy bits of arabica on along the walls. The furniture is heavy dark wood and not flimsy and cheap, but worn just like the rest of this gem. Not quite on par with Lebanon's it definitely, to quote an old addage, gives you bang for you buck.When I first moved to New Orleans, my cravings for Mediterranean was fulfilled by this place being conveniently located a couple of blocks from my apartment at the time. Babylon does a lot of things right, but not very consistently.
Their hummus is always good, and their grape leaves are usually super delicious. The gyro plate is a highlight if you're into that, but don't expect it to be awesome every time. Visit often enough, and you'll find yourself with pieces being either shriveled up or overly greasy.
The prices here are typical, but for this tier of Mediterranean, you'll probably want to check out other places in the city first.This is my favorite middle eastern restaurant around. It has basically the same menu as Mona's and Lebanon's, but the prices are better and I like the space more. It's usually half-empty at lunch, good if you want to have a nice conversation.
 Contrary to what other reviewers have experienced, I've always found the service to be fast and really friendly. I don't think I've ever come for dinner, though, so maybe that's the difference. It's a great place for lunch -- my favorites are the spinach pie, the lebna, and the gyro. Their home-baked bread is terrific, and don't forget the super-sweet lebanese iced tea (with rosewater and pine nuts!!)