The cutest coffee shop, spacious and clean. My toasted butter croissant was perfection. Latte was perfect. Can't wait to come back.At first I was going to leave a 3 star review, the coffee was fantastic but the sandwich I ordered (the raspberry grill cheese) was awful, way too many preserves and not enough cheese, the bread was stale and I couldn't finish my sandwich despite being super hungry. I did not want to be the first person to leave a bad review so I decided to bring it up to the employees and they offered me a refund and a replacement sandwich! I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was so good! I'm so blown away by how nice the employees are and the rest of the food and coffee is so good as well. I would recommend this place to anyone! Left me with really good vibes.I absolutely adore this place! Our Lyft driver told us about this place and it was not a disappointment.
From the service to the drinks to the food! 
You have to stop by and experience the ambiance and the food!  The simple little touches the add to the plates make this worth the stopExcellent Quiche. They sold out of crawfish so we got the spinach. Cappuccino was excellent as well with a large being actually large. Nice hosts and nice place to sit out if the crowd.Yes, I walked 15 minutes to get their coffee! Especially if it's a awesome Vietnamese coffee!! Inside decor is nice and the atmosphere is great, will come again during my stay in New Orleans. Perfect amount of condense milk too. Price was is great, was not expensive at all.Beautiful new black owned coffee "parlour" (love the name) with huge gorgeous windows making the space bright and airy, comfortable couches and lots of tables and chairs, nice art on the walls. i had a "golden latte" - latte infused with turmeric potion including cinnamon and spices - delicious if a bit pricey.  My chicken salad croissant was delicious - which is what takes this spot over the top into 5-Star territory - coffee shops with good food are few and far between in this city (oddly). Add to that a great central location and ding ding ding, we got ourselves a winner. My new favorite coffee shop meeting spot!This place. It's clean and modern yet warm and inviting. The staff is friendly and chill. The bathroom is both clean and cooly decorated (again, like the rest of the place). I ordered the Vietnamese Coffee and it was great and not too sweet. The raspberry grilled cheese was SO good. The ratio of bread, cheese, and preserve was perfect. The bread they used had rosemary in it and it was so tasty that I unconsciously said "this is amazing" out loud and interrupted my friend while she talked. We ended up staying for several hours because of a storm and the experience was wholly good - seriously, not a single complaint! I cannot recommend this place highly enough.Great coffee! The space is beautifully decorated and very clean. The Baristas​ are very friendly. You need to stop by, now!Came in on a rainy Sunday afternoon. Such a great space with a lot of seating options (and free WiFi). It wasn't busy at all when I came in so it only took about 2 minutes for my Chai to be served and maybe another 3-5 minutes for me to get my turkey panini, which I loved! I'll be back to chill, read, or work here in the future. I also want to try that sweet potato pie! Seems like a favorite of customers.I loved everything about this place. My cappuccino was made well, the service was great, and the atmosphere is perfect for writing. I have found my new spot! I can't wait to go back.A little off the path but great coffee and service. Shop is clearly new and looks like the photos found on yelp!Great service, wonderful iced tea with honey and raspberry grilled cheese! I love local spots like this. And, the price was awesome, too. Only set me back $9 for a drink and sandwich.What a cool place! Great atmosphere, friendly and helpful staff, and good food/drinks. I look forward to  coming more often.Great place. Nicely decorated hipster style. Good food and a nice atposphere.
I took a shirpms an corn showder (very good) an a turkey sanwich
I'll defently come againCute, cozy yet spacious. Hade the ALT (avocado, lettuce, tomato) but on a panini with a side of small coconut cappuccino. It was melted and grilled perfectly. I love how it's conveniently located right next to cemetery number 1. Oh and the stuff of course have the southern hospitalityI am always looking for a cute local coffee shop whenever I travel and, based on great reviews, I decided to try this one out. It didn't disappoint. A short walk from all the main attractions, the coffee is delicious. It was very quiet and peaceful on a Monday morning. I definitely recommend to check it out.Truly a great addition to the area! It's a quick 9 minute walk from the downtown Tulane campus and the closest coffee option besides mr bubbles. 
Backatown is pretty brand spankin new and the first time I came in the service was e x t r e m e l y slow. I ordered an americano and it took about 20 mins! The coffee was great so I returned again today, a few weeks later. This time my drink was ready within 1 minute! There's an excellent selection of foods and pastries, the space is HUGE!, free WiFi and the decor is lovely.Backatown is a perfect blend of sophistication and relaxation. I frequent this place all of the time and it is a great place for local residents and tourist alike. The coffee is great and the coffee parlour offers fresh bake goods as well as salads, soups, and sandwiches. The staff is awesome and this place is one of the best coffee shops in New Orleans.My absolute favorite coffee shop. Not only is it aesthetically pleasing, it's calm ambiance allows me to do work while relaxing. Bella is also amazing! She is extremely helpful and every time I've come she's had a positive attitude. The only place I suggest for coffee. (And the WiFi is amazing!)This place is heavenly! Had been meaning to try it out and so glad I did. Our drinks and food were amazing!! The place is beautiful on the inside and out. Friendly folks, and the WiFi works. Top notch! Will definitely stop here when I'm in the area.I've been wanting to check this coffee shop out for awhile and my only regret is I didn't go sooner! It was wonderful, I loved it. They are one of the only coffee places I've been to in the city that has Vietnamese Iced Coffees on the menu. I got the chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious. My girlfriend got the raspberry grilled cheese and I'm definitely going for that next time. Do yourself a favor and go for breakfast or lunch! Whether you're a local or tourist you'll love the cozy feeling it brings. It's a great spot for a quick bite or to sit and get work done. Also, it's so close to the quarter, which is great for all y'all outta towners!We were staying at the Homewood suites across the street and on our last day found this nice coffee shop. The coffee was excellent and the sandwiches, chicken salad, were great. However, the soup was fabulous. I could have had a large bowl alone! The only issue was it is a bit hard to see since the door faces away from the street.This is a GREAT place to work. Friendly staff, open airy building. However, the drinks and food were let downs. My cappuccino was more like a latte and had zero foam (let alone latte art). Then I ordered the peanut butter and banana sandwich and that was also a let down. It wasn't horrible, it just wasn't anything special. They also use Jiffy peanut butter. Would be better if they used an all natural, organic, no added sugar brand--something with a little more finesse to match the great ambiance and overall aesthetic of the place. Overall, I plan on coming back because it's not like my drink or the food was horrible. Plus, it is a stellar place for working! It also helps that the staff is super friendly and welcoming.Loved it, priced right and delicious. Comfy and hip decor. Met the owner, great guy great food. Get the raspberry grilled cheeseExcellent food. Great service. Clean restrooms. Stopped in after a tour of St. Louis No. 1 Cemetery. Get the crawfish quiche if they have it. Best quiche I've had in a really long time. The banana bread coffee cake was really good too.Super friendly staff and a great option for an iced latte! Staying at the homewood suites and was looking for some non-hotel coffee.Great coffee shop. Nice and cool when you walk in. Sorry I missed the quiche, it sold out by the time we arrived.I came here yesterday for coffee and I met a friend. Not only is this place reasonably priced, but their crawfish quiche is to die for! Everyone is friendly, the place is beautiful...just skip Starbucks and check out this amazing place. You'll thank me later. NO! Seriously! I said SKIP STARBUCKS and go to BACKATOWN!!More than just a coffee shop! This place has such rich history and meaning. The owner is knowledgeable about the region and created a coffee shop with another meaning that plays off of the rich history in this district. The food was amazing. I suggest trying the ALT (Avocado, lettuce, tomato) with turkey. It was beyond delicious that we had to get another one for the road. The miel latte is good for anyone who is a honey lover as it is rich in flavor. The scenery is amazing featuring artistic paints capturing the spirit of NOLA.Such a nice coffee shop! Lots of space and natural light! The prices are reasonable and the service is excellent. There's a cool selection of coffee and tea, as well as a few food items if you need something to munch on. This is easily my new favorite coffee shop in the city!Came into Backatown for the first time today, and I am so glad I did. Their food is so reasonably priced and delicious, and the coffee is amazing as well. The sound system was low enough to focus on work and a great playlist. It is set up for many different uses; there are bigger tables for meetings or spreading out (or perhaps, bringing and playing a board game??), café style tables for individual or pair needs, and a couple of beautiful couches in the center for lounging. I am definitely going to make this place a constant and invite friends along as well. I can't wait to come back!I don't know what happened with this place. The design of the coffee shop, drinks, and food matched the people's 5 star reviews. But definitely not the service. My hubby and I ordered miel latte, Vietnamese coffee, and crawfish quiche before several other customers. We tipped well after we ordered the drinks and food. We literally waited for 40 minutes for our orders. My hubby had to ask them and clearly they totally forgot about our order. What in the world?!? I mean the group of 6 girls after us who ordered a bunch of things got their orders. They did seem short of staff at first but the place was not busy at the time. It's so unorganized. The barista then came up to our table and asked what our orders were. Excuse me?! There were no apologies at all. Another girl must have heard our complaints since she came to our table and asked if we had been waiting all this time as well. Then our quiche finally made its entrance. The crust was just a little warm and it's COLD inside. It's a disappointing visit. Definitely not a five star, at least not the service.This place is so amazing. There is a spot everywhere for you to sit. The wifi is awesome. The snacks and food are good. The atmosphere is unbeatable.A great place for lunch and coffee.  Hung out here before and after the cemetery tour just down the street. Very relaxed, good service, lots of people hanging out and working on computers.  Only issue is menu and selection could be more extensive. But what they had was very good and reasonably priced.My new favorite work space! Clean, cozy, great WiFi, quiet, and the food (i had a salad and pastry) is yummy! Plus the owner is there and makes sure that your experience is top notch!Ashonda & Lex were incredibly friendly & made some delicious drinks - even remembering their customers & their orders! Cute little place on Canal. Give it a try!The coffee was good. The pastries were just okay. The cost was a bit expensive. Hard place to find. Not a lot of parking.A cozy coffee spot , atmosphere is great to study , relax and sip on a latte , the chicken salad sandwich is deliciousVisited Backatown on a Saturday morning. For you locals, this place is super easy to bike to by hopping on the greenway. It'll take you straight there!
Service was excellent, there's tons of seating (including an outdoor patio). We got the turkey cheddar panini which was delicious - bread was perfect. Husband got the iced coffee and I got a Vietnamese iced coffee, both were great. The atmosphere alone is worth the visit. Very highly recommended!Super cute coffee shop that has great drinks and a relaxed vibe if you want to relax for a bit from the excitement on French Quarter!Nice place. Plenty of space. Clean bathrooms. Good coffee. Lots of outlets for computers. My only complaint/suggestion would be that they could be a bit more serious about food. I'd spend more money if I could eat here. Went three times, and every time, there was an issue with the avocado sandwiches. No bread, no avos, not ripe. Minor thing, but now I go somewhere else for breakfast, even though I'd rather give these folks my money.This is such a trendy, chill place to grab a cup of coffee and work. I'm throughly impressed with the vibe and will definitely be back. Make sure to give yourself a few extra minutes for parking, which can be a bit of a challenge. Love this place and I will definitely be back.My daughter and I stopped here for coffee and breakfast before heading out of town.  We loved it.  Though we stayed in the French Quarter we able to walk here easily.  
The place seems to be new and is bright and clean.  It has a very eclectic feel.  Slightly industrial, slightly funky with some cozy spots and some nice straight tables and chairs for setting up your laptop and getting some work done.  
We arrived on the early side on a Saturday morning so it was pretty empty.  The employees that were working could not have been nicer.  They were chatty in just the right way and though I don't remember what was said, I do remember that we all ended up laughing.
We had coffee and pastries, both were excellent.  If I lived here, this would be my place!I was in town for the weekend and randomly stumbled into Backatown while I was wandering around the city.  Talk about good luck!  This place was awesome.  I was feeling a little sluggish and in dire need of a pick-me-up after a night of... how should I phrase it.... over-indulgence on Bourbon Street ;)  Backatown had tons of caffeinated goods to jolt me back into feeling like a human again. I ended up getting a Vietnamese iced coffee which was strong, creamy, and perfectly sweet.  My hubby got a black iced coffee and said it was perfectly balanced and naturally sweet without having to add sugar.
The decor was also top notch -- natural light, lively (but not blaring) music, and loads of comfy seating.  If this were in my hometown of Washington, DC, I'd totally come here every day to sip on delicious coffee and do work.This place was wonderful to walk into. My family and I wanted to sit and chill before our flight and we found this gem. The Vietnamese iced coffee was delicious. We sat on the sofa and played the game called chit chat that they had on the table. It was a nice time and great place!Amazing coffee and chill atmosphere. The staff was friendly and it's located right by my condo. We needed a cute coffee place like this close by. Glad to welcome them as our neighbors.Can't say enough great things about Backatown! Great food selections....healthy, fresh. Good coffee! Also great service with a ready smile. Love the decor and vibe. Wish we found this on our first day here instead of our second to last!Stumbled across this Gem while waiting on my hotel room to get ready..if you are looking for a nice relaxing hip coffee shop this is your place. The ambiance and service were both amazing I even had a chance to meet one of the owners. I had the tomato, egg, avocado on an English muffin, the sweet potato pie and a great cup of coffee. I plan on coming back before heading home to N.CBackatown is easily my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. The baked goods are satisfactory (sweet potato pie is my favorite) and the sandwiches are delicious. The place is very clean and pretty spacious. It isn't over decorated inside which is beneficial if you're working on something-- you won't get distracted easily. The customer service is also fantastic. Stephanie waited on me the last time and she is so so kind and hard working. Beautiful Barista! Great coffee, great vibes. Comfy seating. When I'm back in New Orleans, I'll be back to Backatown.Beautiful cafe right next to the St. Louis Cemetery that's perfect to stop in before or after a tour. They have tons of seating options and free WiFi along with a selection of books you can look through. They had a wide variety of drink options along with breakfast and lunch items. All of the staff were extremely friendly and we'll definitely make sure to stop back here on our next trip to New Orleans!Stopped in today, what a peaceful and lovely experience. I dito the previous complementary posts. The Miel latte, sweet potato pie, shrimp quiche and tomato basil soup are superb.
La'shonda was extreemly patient and supportive with my order. Trey then took care of me. I'd make this a regular spot if I lived hete.This is a hidden gem in NOLA. Will be one of the best places to be in the very near future. I personally plan on coming back here for some good coffee and hangout, and hopefully to showcase some of my works of art as well (yes they have events too). On top of all that, the owners are really awesome people.Favorite coffee shop!! Great ambiance, decor and staff. I loveee the iced coffee. Parking is difficult but it's worth it.Ok, I really want to love this cafe, but it needs to make some minor tweaks. It has great bones and great potential. I am a firm and proud supporter of disadvantaged businesses. So I will continue supporting this business while it grows. End of disclaimer.
What's to like?
I love the interior. It's so spacious and you're not on top of anyone. It was fairly quiet for a time. Everything is laid out nicely and intuitively. The black and gold chairs and tables are cute and add a nice touch; not gaudy at all. The three members of the staff today were kind enough, but they could have been warmer. The young lady who took my order was very sweet and professional. In addition to the interior space, they have an ample sized outdoor patio, nicely appointed. I really miss GG's Cafe that was in New Orleans east on Morrison. GG's was truly ahead of their time. And they would have made hand over fist had it not been for Katrina and had they located the business to another part of the city like Uptown. However, they wanted to offer something great to a severely underserved community and chose the East. I said all that to say, Backatown reminds me of GG's. Except they chose Treme. 
What's not to like?
Yes, no one is perfect and new businesses often times have many "opportunities" for improvement. The first is parking. There's no where to park!! I had to park at the opposite end of the block, illegally no less. Bless you if you can find a legit parking spot. I don't know who the parkers were because the place only had a handful of people. Maybe they should lobby the city for a few dedicated parking spaces. 
Two, it's right next to an abandoned/apartment complex under construction. This too is somewhat out of their control. The old Lafitte housing complex is slowly being transformed and, other than gutting the building, the developer has not made much progress with this particular building. It looks abandoned and is an eyesore next to this cool cafe. 
Things they can change?
I'm a pretty good sweet potato pie baker and sweet potato pie is one of my favorite desserts. So I tried the sweet potato pie, which looked so delectable. Well, it looked better than it tasted. It needed more butter, cinnamon, nutmeg and sugar. It was definitely creamy and had a good texture and I liked the fluted crust (the shape of it anyway). The crust was too light and needed more body and at $4.25, it was $1.00 too much in my mind. 
I also had the turkey, egg and cheese croissant. Overall, it was fine. The sunny side egg was the highlight though. The cheese was nice and salty, but the turkey had no flavor. It could've benefited from more turkey...ahem, more turkey that tasted good. I appreciated the croissant was toasted. At $5.75, I thought it was overpriced by a $1.00, especially given the portion size. Considering the type of business, however, I'm willing to overlook it. When it comes to Starbucks, it seems people pay whatever without batting an eye. Yeah, they drink the Kool Aid, or the coffee I guess. 
Lastly, I had the hibiscus tea, which was really pretty. It could've used more sugar. That's something I miss about GG's. You didn't need to add sugar to the tea. She knew exactly what her customers wanted. Considering the area, I guess Backatown has to appeal to a broader audience. 
In closing, I love their logo and the black and gold color scheme. It looks very professional, classy and upscale.Cool place. Had the Vietnamese coffee and it was quite tasty. I don't know how anyone could get work done here because the place is quite loud even with just a few people here.Backatown is an incredible business. Their raspberry grilled cheese is a God-sent and their customer service is friendly and helpful. Their containers are eco-friendly. They support other small businesses such as R O W Earth, which is an incredible skincare company. The interior and outdoors seating area are beautifully curated and the entire vibe of the place was conducive to work and also friendly chatting. All around a beautiful coffee shop.5/5 for environment - very modern and spacious. It'd be a great place to get work done or relax inside.
2/5 for the cold brew latte and 3/5 for the two shots- I didn't realize initially that they have two types of lattes: a cold brew one or two shots of espresso. The cold brew latte tastes like water. The two shots were okay.
Tip: the employee told me if you prefer the two shot version, just request it! 
5/5 for service: they had given me a cold brew latte and when I asked an employee if it had any espresso in it, they immediately told me they would add two shots. Very nice people and great service!Stopped in this morning for a little "mind mapping" and R&R and I am more than impressed! 
I've heard great things about this place through friends and social media and now that I have finally visited on my own, I can agree with all the recommendations.
Atmosphere: Nice volume level of smooth r&b and jazz, unique furniture including some cool antique looking sofas to relax on
Customer service: Was by far IMPECCABLE to say it was so early in the morning! The barista was very friendly and answered my questions about the menu. Added bonus: If you dine in, they bring your order straight to the table. 
Food & Coffee: I tried the Turkey Croissant with a Cappuccino. Croissant is made to order and served warm and was DELICIOUS! My Cappuccino was strong and definitely made with love. Excellent presentation. 
I think I've found a NEW FAVORITE!!!All the vegan options were so delicious. The prices are great and the atmosphere is relaxing. The black coffee is low in acid and does not upset my stomach. Love this placeBeautiful coffee shop in one of the most historic locations in the city, Storyville. The event I attended was catered by the shop and they had some delicious jambalaya and cocktails. Great little shop for the new development in that area.We came here because we found a great Groupon deal so I would definitely recommend that if you're planning a visit. 
The space is incredible. They have tables, couches, book books and even a few games so you could just hang out or get some work done. They even have some outside tables. 
Their menu was pretty simple, a few things here and there. The cappuccino was delicious. We also tried the Miel Latte which I was not really impressed with. We ordered the peanut butter banana honey sandwich, which was good but definitely a bit sweet. We also got the chicken salad sandwich which I would definitely recommend! 
Service was not bad but I think they could be a bit friendlier. There was no one else was waiting yet we felt like we were a little rushed in trying to figure out what we wanted and questions were not really answered as if we were just suppose to know. 
Overall, it's a new business so definitely worth supporting and seeing how it goes!The staff was rude, took about 30 minutes for them to bring a simple order of tea, and when the tea finally came it was the wrong order. They ended up making our group late for an event. The place didn't have many people in it, nowhere near enough to justify the order being so late. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyoneI came here on a Saturday afternoon with a friend. We had a hard time finding parking, but the place is very nice otherwise.
Our drinks were made well. We wanted to split a Sweet Potato Pie, but they were out. We split a Sweet Potato Scone instead. It was fine.
There were plenty of tables and chairs to sit. Everything was bright and cheerful. There is a small patio outside, too. 
Nice addition to the area.Excellent coffee, service and environment. Nice place for a meetup or relax on your own.It's a cute little coffee shop. There isn't a whole lot of options, but if you want to just stop by and enjoy a cup of coffee or tea and chill with a book or your laptop it's good for that. Free Wi-Fi.Really nice and open space situated right outside the French Quarter. Patio and a bicycle rack compliment the location nicely. But this review is really only being created because of the two baristas who went above and beyond to ensure my iced mocha tasted like an iced mocha without any sighs or rolled eyes. This is what excellent customer service looks like y'all. I'll be back here for sure.Really good coffee. We didn't sample any of the food offerings, but they all looked delicious. Spacious room to spread out, relax, and catch up on journaling. Plenty of seating, and a shady deck area outside too. Nice little place to chill away from the French Quarter.This was our meetup spot for a tour of the cemetery.  Arriving here about a half hour early, stopped in for coffee.  Had the honey almond milk latte.  A nice cup of coffee, and always prefer to have such local options compared to the chain places.  Several coffee preparation options here along with a diverse menu of small food items to accompany your beverage.  A side note, appreciation for the specialty soap bottles in the bathrooms.Love!!!!!!!!! Yes and Yassss to the crawfish quiche and AVO on a English muffin! I love the small details the most!!!! I am excited for this black owned business!!Quiches are so fresh and cheesy This is a quaint place with fresh beverages and food Friendly people and nice sunlit space!! Loved it! For $10 got a blueberry smoothie a zucchini muffin and spinach quiche! very reasonable.This is a nice, quiet, spacious cafe. Bonus - it has free Wi-Fi. The service was friendly, although the barista seemed like he'd easily get overwhelmed with more people or complicated orders. I had a double espresso, which was disappointing. There was nearly no cream, and it clearly had not been pulled properly. It was like a cup of coffee. I also had a cup of coffee, which was decent. My wife had  spinach quiche, which we enjoyed. It was quite tasty.Delicious and dairy free options! Yes! Ambiance is stellar, love the art, very spacious, not too loud. Will visit again when I come back to NOLAWe were visiting NOLA for the weekend, and I had a hard time finding local coffeehouses near the French Quarter. We stumbled on this place after going to yoga next door. I would agree that the time to get food is long, but only if you're comparing it to Starbucks or another place that's focused on speed. If you compare it to a restaurant, the timing is minimal. The coffee is delicious, food is great, and the atmosphere is open, bright, and friendly. I came back on my last day just to enjoy the community-feel and to taste the coffee again. Delightful.Quite the cute little coffee shop that was an unexpected but welcome find. There's a variety of options for coffee and tea, plus some great pastries and sandwiches if you're looking for a tasty snack. My one complaint would be the speed of the service. It took almost 20 minutes to get two pressed sandwiches (one ALT - avocado, lettuce, tomato, and one grilled cheese with raspberry) and then the lemon pastry we ordered was forgotten and we had to go back up to get it. 
The food was great, but the service needs a bit of tweaking to really shine.This place is a gem! Amazing latte and the people here are authentic. Great feel and interesting local people hang out here. Crawfish quiche is amazing!amazing vibes, great atmosphere, excellent staff, this is a terrific coffee shop for lovers of motown new orleansThis is a little coffee shop a short walk from the French Quarter. The coffee was strong and okay in flavor. I had the spinach quiche which was nicely prepared. It had good flavor and the egg custard was smooth with lots of spinach and cheese. The crust was also pretty tasty. The atmosphere was good and there are lots of seating choices. Service was nice and friendly.I have a new favorite coffee shop down here. It's not far from NOAC so I can go there after the gym. The price is reasonable, the coffee is good but the food--oh the food is great. That grilled cheese with raspberry jam still makes my mouth water when I think about it and it's been a couple hours since I ate it. The atmosphere is comfortable, plenty of space, and one happy morning out with friends. Oh yeah and the service was fantastic--the women behind the counter went above and beyond I wish I got their names so I could give them a shoutout on here and help them get a raise.A little patch of serenity in bustling downtown! They have great sandwiches. And try their not-too-sweet vietnamese coffee. Delish!GREAT coffee place!! Found this place in a quick Yelp search of nearby coffee shops while in New Orleans. And I'm SO glad we did! It has a nice little cool coffee shop feel for a large space. Low jazz playing, warm colors and seating, block colored walls. And AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS coffee! I had a Mocha Latte and the hubby had a Caramel Latte. They were both perfection!! The staff was friendly and one of the owners Alonso  (Husband and wife team own this cute place) even chatted with us about the area, etc. It was much, much better than your average Starbucks coffee stop. The environment felt welcoming and personal. Not like you were "Next!" In an assembly line at some corporate place. This is a place to truly relax and enjoy!  There list several types of coffee, tea, pastries, sandwiches, as well as other breakfast & brunch items. I'd recommend it. And we will be back!