Great place, great food, great service!! 
Called ahead to see if there was a wait since a Friday night just after 6. They offered to hold a table for us. Awesome!! Table was labeled "reserved" for us when we arrived. :-)
Came here with our two young kids, who are selective eaters. Kitchen made them grilled cheese sandwiches from hamburger buns and cheese, even though not on the menu! They also served with a small side of fries, and charged low for what a kid's meal would  be at a comparable restaurant.
As for the food - oh, my! Brie fries were amazing!! Husband got beef cheek tacos and they were eaten before I was half done. I ordered the burger, and it was amazing!! Ordered it cooked med, and I don't recall much pink, but the flavors were amazing!!
Our server was great with us, and asked before refilling the kids' cups, which we really appreciated since we do water after their first "special" drink (was apple juice for one and root beer for the other).
Atmosphere is friendly and casual. We will def be back! Thanks for a great night out!Come for the awesome food, stay for the reasonable prices -- FINALLY, both things in one spot that I can get down with, especially on Magazine Street! I've been a few times now, the soups were amazing (one was tomato bisque, and the sweet potato and andouille was outta this world!). The burger was the bomb, plus they put Brie on the fries, heaven. Also the crème brûlée was insanely good...
I can def get down with the BYOB bit, but it'll be great when they get their booze license. Til then: no corkage fee! Yessss!Seriously so delicious. Whoever thought of melting Brie and putting it on french fries is a god. We also got the Magazine Club and the Catch sandwich--both were the perfect combination of flavors. I will absolutely be back to try the Pork Debris and the burger! YUM!I'm actually kind of disappointed with Baie Rouge. Came this morning with a party of three. We stood cluelessly trying to figure out whether or not we should wait to be seated or to find a table and sit.. The server at the bar who was also our server then told us to sit anywhere we like (whew, pressures over). I see alot of people rave about the Brie Fries - which I actually thought were delicious.
I ordered a salmon sandwich - and it was meh...I think in the pictures, our food looked great.. but nonetheless, it tasted mediocre. I wont say that I wont return, because I most likely will - to see what the rest of their menus are about.I love everything about this place! From brunch to lunch to dinner always on point, always delicious. My favorites at brunch hands down the shrimp & girts, eggs benedict, smoked salmon sandwich & the farm sandwich. Faves at lunch are the magazine club, the catch, & the pig dip. Faves at dinner the seafood stew, duck ragu if they have it (special), the ribeye. Best part now, they have a liquor license & are slinging some great specialty drinks. The Marais (vodka tea), French 75, very nice Bloody Mary, A Dark Rum Swizzle, & many more. Go check them out! What are you waiting for :)
Side note: Brunch is only on Sunday from 10-2p!Honestly baffled by these reviews. Appears that many positive ones are for lunch. Went for dinner and the fries are no comparison to délachaise or boucherie. They are a soggy mess , way too much cheese. Also had the short ribs and could not even eat them. The menu is so limited those two items are basically a fifth of what is available. Huge disappointment and will not return. Overpriced for quality of food, limited menu.Let it be noted that this review is based on the 3 food items that I tried and doesn't necessarily reflect on the restaurant as a whole.  So I walked in on a Saturday afternoon about 3pm and the place was totally empty.  I was anxious to try some of the delights I read about on Yelp, namely the brie fries.  My wife and I are foodies and at times hard to please because once we have tried the best, we expect the best.  So let me start with the good, brie fries........that's where it ended for us.  Service was...eh, nothing bad-nothing good.  Shrimp Risotto- Shrimp was good, risotto was bland and just taste like chicken stock.  Mussels-clean, but cream sauce lacked flavor and dimension.  Overall we left the place feeling a bit robbed, and like we deserved a little more pizzazz for the price point.  Seems like more of a burger/sandwich joint, so if you want an exquisite entree I would steer clear of here.Brie fries were noms noms noms.
The beef cheek tacos were not the greatest. The meat was very dry, the toppings was just red cabbage and lettuce. No special sauce or anything spectacular.
The Baie Rouge burger was bursting with so many flavors I had no idea what to think. It was so salty! And then sweet! And then smoky! I had no idea what to think or feel because all I could do was taste all of these different flavors meshed into one item.
If a friend told me to go back I wouldn't mind it, but it's not a place I would crave again.I got the burger with the egg minus the bacon and it was a good burger but it didn't knock me out.  The service was a bit slow and I would've tried one of their soups and dessert too but things went so slow I ran out of time to order anything else.  Hopefully they are just still breaking things in and service speed will increase with experience.  The menu has too many pork things for my taste but they do have some tempting offerings and I look forward to returning for some of the other options.Delicious food, attentive service. I got the pork chop and my friend ha the Lundi burger. Both were delicious! I also had my first mint julep, which was refreshing and blessedly non-mouthwashy. My only disappointment was leaving my leftover pork chop on the table. Now I have no lunch for today, sad faced emoticon.This is the kind of place I like. Good food, friendly people, laid back. And anything I'm in the mood for. Coffee on the sofa if I want, a drink at the bar if I want, a snack or a meal. I will come back for that coffee, drink and brunch too. Today we had lunch. The soup was watermelon gazpacho. Seems like Everyone is making watermelon gazpacho this summer. This one was pretty good. More watermelon than tomato but still tangy and there was some other acid going on too. The texture was slushy, but in a good way. My companion had The Catch sandwich which was Sheepshead. It was grilled perfectly and was very tasty. The coleslaw was good too, very mustardy. Of course neither of could finish our meal because we started with and ate the whole darn bowl of BRIE CHEESE FRIES. Which was the whole reason we went. Want to try the house veggie burger but they were out. They should get that fifth star just for having it on the menu tho. This stretch of Magazine was my home 25 years ago and boy has it changed. What I would have given for a place like this in those college days and a veggie burger to boot!Went for the first time last night.  The food was delicious and the service was fast and friendly.  I only wish they had liquor service.  I ordered the grilled trout with muniere sauce and fried polenta which is not a regular menu item.  It was great!Dudes, this is serious. Brie cheese fries! Mushroom onion tart! Fried oyster mushrooms! Hanger steak with the most amazing pepper sauce AND garlic aioli. Everything was out of this world. PS. BYOL.So Baie Rouge (awesome food, as I mentioned before) finally got their liquor license last week, just in time for Mardi Gras!! Specialty drinks list is solid, and totally reasonably priced ($6-7). Plus drink specials for brunch on Sundays. I'm in heaven.This was our last meal in New Orleans and after a week of being down there I gave on my "no meat with feet and no wheat" and since this was our last meal... " can I have a burger?" It was so good. there was an onion jelly in there, a fried egg also got involved and perhaps bacon too- it was really good. The girls working there were really nice and attentive, too.I'm glad this is Yelp where I can explain the 3 star review instead of just tossing on 3 stars and letting it float into the internet, leaving people to wonder if that's "3 stars, pretty good" or "3 stars, borderline terrible." In this case, it's "3 stars, don't go out of your way."
I absolutely love everything about this space. There is something organic and beautiful about the flow, the art, the echos. Just stellar. I wanted to move into that little nook at the back of the bar, across from the kitchen. So this soaring, graceful, earthy space that resonates with my deepest heart also makes food. It has a menu and the primary purpose seems to be a food sale operation. 
Which is where things come unraveled. The menu is small, which is great. It makes me think that the kitchen is focused and only making things that they really excel at, you know? One of my friends commented on my check-in recommending a specific dish, and just about every other review recommends that dish. But a menu shouldn't be limited to just one dish, especially if that is an appetizer. There should be a few stellar dishes spread across the menu, but I have yet to see evidence of that.
I actually came in because of the menu board specials as I walked by. The ham and cheese croissant was calling my name because I thought it would be thinly sliced ham with melted cheddar cheese on a buttery croissant. Instead, it was thick ham slices, no cheese that I could discern, some very nice arugula, a hot tomato, and something that did not resemble a croissant for $9.50. I was underwhelmed, but I may have chosen poorly. The slaw is not the stand-out side that the servers seemed to recommend it as. 
The service kind of resembled good cop/bad cop. My server was short and bored, but the other server was chatty and inappropriately interested in me. I would have liked a warmer reception from my server and less chatter from the other server to strike that balance better. 
Would I go back? I don't know. It seemed pricey for quite average food. At least they serve booze now? 
Accessibility notes: door opens in. Restrooms are accessible. No Braille menu or signage. Tables are well-spaced and easily moveable for mobility devices. Hard floors. High bar. Can get loud at peak hours.Anyone who has read my previous reviews or knows me, can vouch for how much I love Tru burger and consider it the best burger in the city. But the burger at Baie Rouge has made me change my mine. With a fried egg and amazing arugula mix, the Baie Rouge burger is simply outstanding. Our waitress was super sweet and asked if we wanted brie on our fries which was equally outstanding. Apparently, they use the same brie they use in their omelettes during brunch, which and I hear is equally amazing.Tasty but OMG loud. There was a table of 50 year olds enjoying the free corkage repeatedly to the point that they were shrieking the entire time we were there.  But that's not really their fault so I'll give them the 4th star and hope it's better when I go back.
I had the yummy brie fries and the Catch sandwich; the sandwich was big enough that I ate it for 2 meals.  
The space is sparse but in a clean way and they seem to still be adding elements as they can.  The staff was nice but spacey...maybe the shrieking olds had gotten to them too....I have been dying to try this place out, after seeing photos of the brie fries on Yelp! And boy, they did not disappoint. I am super picky about French fries, and theirs were excellent...thin cut and fried to perfection...not greasy or cardboard tasting. The brie made the perfect topping. It was everything I thought it would be.
We also tried the bacon beignets...these were really different and good, I was very happy! This would be a perfect complement to eggs, for brunch!
We also got the special of the day, ham and cheese croissant sandwich with coleslaw. The sandwich was yummy, it had a smear of horseradish mustard or something. I wouldn't go back for this, but it was basic fuel. The coleslaw was not really to my liking. My friend liked it, so maybe it was just me. It had some kind of bitter flavor that didn't agree with me; it needed a little sweetness to offset it, or maybe even make the same recipe but use sesame oil.
I enjoyed the orange pekoe iced tea; a nice change from plain tea. I wanted to try the strawberry/goat cheese/almond salad, but they said that (and like 6 other dishes) were no longer on the menu. I wish the waiter would have mentioned this earlier.
I mainly just wanted to satisfy my curiosity by coming here. Not sure if I'll make a special trip back, but it left me with a good feeling!Excellent restaurant! Honestly one of my favorites in New Orleans and that's only after two visits. Forgot to write a review on my first, but my second was on yesterday and it's time to give these good folks their due justice.
I strolled on in here while running some errands on Mag, about an hour before they closed so the place was empty. I was literally the only customer in there. Personally, i love it when i have a spot all to myself, uninterrupted service, and i got just that. 
I did not catch my server's name but she was super nice, knowledgable of the menu and was able to answer all questions that i had (which was none) :). 
SO...i started off with the bacon & brie bread pudding and i was just totally unprepared for the masterpiece that was presented to me. To say those guys in that kitchen 'put their foot in it' would be an understatement. They all got in that pot and had a dance party! Slammin' good job!
I then had a Baie Burger with fries and it was also every bit of excellence that one could ask for between two buns. 
I don't venture from Mid City much but this place has a gravitational pull on me. Do yourself a favor and stop in here and pick something, anything. Pick a picture from Yelp! Or just eenie meenie miney mo it. 
You're welcome.Came here for my birthday dinner after not being able to get a table at Boucherie or Atchafalaya. I'm SO GLAD those other restaurants were full.  In 6 years of living here, Baie Rouge was some of the best food I've had in New Orleans. Their playful menu (of twists on familiar local dishes) made it impossible to choose between consistently appetizing choices. Every item we ordered tasted even better than it looked on paper. My family split three appetizers: Brie Fries, Bacon Beignets, and a savory Bread Pudding specialty of the day. I thought the fries couldn't be beat until I  tried the other two. The entrees followed suit. Even the arugula salad was flavorful. My Pimms Cup had fresh muddled strawberries and citrus garnishes and a nice, light flavor- not too sweet.
This is a caliber of food I'd expect to find in a much stuffier restaurant, but I loved the relaxed and unassuming environment here. The restaurant owner himself took our orders and chatted with us. The space has a nice open seating plan with welcoming decor- there's even a section of couches in the back for lounging.
Can't speak highly enough of this place- the service, the atmosphere, or the food.I really had wanted to love this place. I had heard great things and yelp has a lot of wonderful 5-star reviews. I had been dreaming of these apparently amazing fries too. Well, a groupon came and my husband and I scooped it up and went on a Wednesday night. It was not crowded, only 2 other tables, which was surprising for dinner time. 
Anyway, we ordered the fries, the burger, and the ribs to share. We get the fries and maybe I just really hyped it up but they were good -- but I didn't find them amazing or great or anything. Then, the more we ate, the more the fondue was just pooled at the bottom of the bowl. The fries started out good and near the end, we just couldn't finish, there was just way too much liquid for the amount of fries. I love cheese as much as anyone, but it just didn't work so well. 
So the food comes out - the burger and ...shrimp and risotto....not what we ordered. We wave the waiter over, tell him that is not what we ordered and he goes back to replace it. We are really lucky that we were just sharing the meal, because we finished the burger (which I did like, it was tasty! Not the best burger in the city, but the toppings were good) and then sat around longer waiting for the ribs. I understand mistakes happen, but I didn't really feel as if they were that apologetic about it. We had two people waiting on us, one was I guess the main server and one was doing drinks/bringing out the food, and the server never even came over to apologize. The other guy was the one who felt bad. Had we not planned to share, then one person would have been without his/her meal for 20 minutes or so and watched the other one eat. 
The ribs come and they just were not good. It might just be a personal taste type of thing, but whatever sauce was on it made it inedible for us. We asked for a to-go box immediately and just brought it home, untouched, and eventually threw it away. I can't even say if the meat was cooked well, because the sauce just wasn't something we could stomach for some reason. 
I'm really sad, since it's so cute and the menu looks great. Maybe we went on a bad night? I would like to give it another chance eventually, but won't be for a long time.Great Meal. Great Value. Had the Mussels with some fries, Pork sandwich and the grilled fish sandwich.
The mussels portion was small. It was only $9 but most other places give you over twice as many. The bread was too crispy to soak up the broth which is my favorite part.
Skip the Cole Slaw and get the great house made fries.
Can't wait to go back and try some of the other item which all looked great.Recommend the fries. They are so FRIGGIN GOOD.
The burger was pretty good too. Huge, just have to remember this is on the list of places for good burgers.
Didn't try anything else but will plan on coming back again for that huge bowl of fries and probably brunch cause the pics look good.That burger was so awesome. It had a lot going on at once, but it tasted so good. It's very large, so I only ate half and saved the rest. Yes, the brie fries are good, and if you want the burger and the brie fries you can get it with $2 upcharge instead of buying fries as an appetizer. 
The reason why I'm giving it 3 stars was because the service was lacking. Service can make or break a place for me even if the food is great. Also, got a cup of their daily soup, and it was cold. I'll def go back when I'm in town for that burger though.Saturday evening, 7 PM, party of two.  Maybe 25% full when we arrived.   We were seated immediately.  
First impressions - high ceilings, large colorful pictures on the walls, the bar looks a little empty, I like the bar seats in the back overlooking the kitchen, very comfortable.
Service was decent, started out a little slow but once the meal was underway, it was fine.  
The room filled up over the course of our meal.  Very ecclectic crowd, the common denominator seemed to be the bottle(s) of wine they carried in.  Really like the atmosphere - the BYOB thing encourages groups to show up with their bottles and hang out and drink.  It will be difficult to maintain when they get their liquor license.
Not so impressed with the food.  Fried Mushroom appetizer was a complete waste, just a lot of floury fried bread that drowned out the mushrooms.  My hamburger was decent, large burger, good bun, average fixin's, a little dry.  French fries were above average.
BLT - apparently stands for bread, lettuce and tomato which were all good.  We were anticipating some bacon and, in fact, there were a couple of pieces buried under the vegetables.  To be fair, this was a misunderstanding on our part - the menu is clear - Tomato Confit BLT - I guess the tomato is the attraction.  Personally, I think they have it backwards - vegetables to complement the bacon, not vice versa.  
Bottom line, enjoyable meal, worth a trip.  Given a choice, I think I would go to Wayfare first.  
$42 including the tip.I started enjoying their brunch on the weekends a few weeks ago. Seriously, EVERYTHING was perfect. I have the Chicken and Waffles with a Hazelnut Latte. The latte was perfect, didn't need to add sugar or milk, plus the temperature was perfect. The meal was amazing. The breading on the chicken wasn't too thick. The Pecan Syrup was sweet and delightful. The Asiago and manchego grits? SHOW STOPPER!!  I am not kidding when I say that I thought about it all week!!
I went again the following weekend and had the eggs benedict. The eggs were poached to perfection. The ham was thick and juicy. The Brie cheese sauce was creamy, but not thick and cheese. It really complemented the dish. Of Course, I ordered the grits and latte again!! They were both the same as the first time; perfect! 
Besides the food impressing me, it really made me feel great that they remembered me. I think that just adds a personal touch to the place. I tell everyone I can and I will go as often and I can. LOVE IT!!The burger here.. Incredible. The catfish sandwich.. Heavy bread but otherwise enjoyable. The fries are pretty darn good too. Definitely will go again.I was visiting New Orleans, and my buddy wanted me to try this place out as he had heard great things.  I'll start by saying that the food was great!  We had the Brie fries and an order of shrimp and grits. We originally wanted to order the Ham hash, but they were out of that item, along with another dish.  The waitress was nice, but she was overwhelmed.  That being said, service was slow, the food runner seemed annoyed when he brought our food and we asked for napkins and silverware.  We saw multiple people around us getting frustrated with the slow service. The waitress was apologetic. Since the food was so good, I would give this place a second chance.I just tried to visit and have brie fries for the first time. They are definitely closed for business.I'm not one for writing reviews but I've been so impressed with the food here that I can't believe it's not crazy busy all the time!  I can honestly say they have the best fish sandwich I have ever had and the veggie burger is so tasty I didn't even feel deprived for not having had an actual "burger" burger.  I've talked with other people in the neighborhood who say they serve some awesome dinner entrees as well and that they were pleasantly surprised when they finally checked it out because it was so good.  Also, the strawberry mojitos are amazing!!This is a quaint little french inspired sandwich and salad joint! Our waiter Garret with impressive tattoos was super awesome! Their drinks are awesome too! Great place for a Sunday funday or as what we did a Monday funday! I would recommend the Versailles GT!Dinner was GREAT the other night! One of the best burgers I've ever had. Y'all rock!!Whenever a place has just opened, I am always hesitant to give it a shot. There are usually kinks to be worked out and everyone is just getting the hang of the restaurant biz.
Baie Rouge is the exception to that rule. When we went in, we were told we could sit anywhere, so we did. The dining room is huge and has a separate sitting area with sofas, if you just want to go in, order an app and relax with friends. Baie Rouge has applied for their liquor license and is waiting for it to come through, so it is BYOB (for now) but they are happy to open your wine for you.
All kind of things on the menu from soup and salad to steak. For our appetizer we decided on the pomme frites topped with Brie. I thought this was going to be typical fries with some Brie sprinkled on them. Boy was I wrong! The cheese was melted onto thin cut fries and there also seemed to be some kind of sauce in there too. It was ridiculously good. I love fancy pants cheese fries!
For my meal I decided on the Magazine Club with a side of cole slaw. The sandwich came on bread that was toasted to perfection with delicious ham and bacon making up the sandwich itself. It was so good! Check out my picture of it. Doesn't that look amazing? I loved that the cole slaw was kind of different. It didn't have any mayo in it, which was a different experience for me, but I liked it because it felt like a healthy little salad treat. I know that sounds odd, but it worked.
Our waitress, Jordan, was super attentive and friendly and made the experience perfect. I will absolutely be returning to Baie Rouge. Great food that isn't too expensive is always my idea of a good time!Wonderful restaurant! The Brie fries are incredible! And they cure their own bacon. Definitely a wonderful new addition to Magazine Street!!After living in Philly for five years I have a soft spot in my heart (and a soft belly) for cheese fries. Cheap, gross delicious cheese fries. My roommate knew of this and he suggested that we hit up Baie Rouge for their legendary brie cheese fries.
At first I balked at the nine dollar price tag, but once this mammoth sized gooey confection of awesomeness was placed before us, I as totally down to clown. Two grown adults and one chihuahua were needed to finish the one serving and i have returned a few times to revel in this cheesy goodness.(If you are a fromaggiophile like me, ask for extra cheese. YUM).
Two nights ago I got to try the grilled shrimp risotto and the duck ragu basically made the razor blades fall out of mah damn mouth. Sooooo good.
There is an open kitchen, which I LURRRV, and Mike the chef is super friendly. 
The happy hour specials could be better I think, since the drinks are sort of small...Sit inside if you can, the ambience is super chill and relaxing and you can easily peep what everyone else is eating to get a good idea of what you want. 
Baie Rouge is a great spot for a casual dinner party where even the pickiest of eaters will find something that they find delicious. Now I'm hungry. CHEEEESE FRIESSSSSS.Went here for lunch for the first time today and wow I can't wait to go back. I ordered the andouille and sweet potato soup because I read on yelps out how great it was, and boy was it great! Sweet and spicy and delicious. The shrimp on my entree were cooked perfectly and the chocolate desert was rich! Our drinks were awesome too!Wonderful food and excellent value. The gumbo is spectacular. Mussels and shrimp risotto also first class.Food was excellent!  Had a great experience, everything fresh.  Staff was really nice!  Get the brie fries!just happened upon this place walking down magazine and I'm SO glad we did! it was quiet, they had just opened. the owner was actually our server and recited the specials in a charming Australian/ New Zealand accent. (whatever the special is, get it!) good music was playing. wonderful atmosphere, art on the walls, very very clean.. I love the idea of having the bar look over the kitchen so you can watch "the magic happen" I got the BLT and my boyfriend got the pork debris sandwich both were amazing. I can't say enough about this place! you have to try it for yourself!I ate here for the first time this past Sunday.  I really enjoyed the experience.  I was with a large group (nine total) and I was concerned about the space.  I was pleasantly surprised when I saw how open and airy the restaurant.  It was much larger than I anticipated but still had a comfortable and inviting feel to it.  
The menu is limited but what they have on there, they do well.  I ordered the shrimp and grits which is usually my go-to.  The grits mixed with asiago cheese were delicious.  They were just the right texture being thick and slightly coarse but not crunchy.  The shrimp sauce was interesting.  It had a hint of sweetness but was full of flavor - good flavor.  I also like the unusual presentation as they were plated and not in the traditional bowl.  My friend ordered the ginger creme brûlée for dessert.  It was a good choice with a perfectly toasted top layer of sugar.  A couple people ordered the bacon beignets which they also enjoyed.  
I definitely wouldn't mind adding this place to my brunch rotation.  Good experience and look forward to more in the future.Been here many times and it never fails to impress.
The burgers are excellent and the brie fries are Really good.
You can tell when a place uses fresh, good ingredients. i wasnt sure about  the bacon begniets but like everything else here they were awesome. Don't always expect them though because they did sell out of them ..well at least one time..So... I'm from Seattle so maybe I am missing something about why this place isn't busier.  I stayed in a rental a few blocks away from here and ended up eating here twice.
Downside, both times I walked in (into an almost empty restaurant)I had no idea if I should seat myself or wait to be acknowledged, as the person behind the bar didn't look my way to give me any indication, so I seated myself (maybe that's the thing here?).  
Employees were friendly when they interacted with me, beer and mixed drinks were good (i agree with others the drinks aren't large, but they are well made and tasty nevertheless).  I tried the pulled pork sandwich for lunch which was excellent, and the bacon beignets and shrimp risotto for dinner.  As my only other experience with beignets were.. well.. beignets, I was delighted to find these were like warm bacony cornbread tasting like bits dissolving happily in my mouth.  if I have a chance before my flight tomorrow I'm going to stuff my belly with the infamous brie fries.
I walked home to find all the other restaurants full and it really surprised me that there was not more business here.  This is a good place and if it was local I'd sure be a regular. Um... go eat here dammit?Charming place, and our waitress was very nice, helpful, and knowledgable. Small menu, but huge flavors and large portions! I shared the Brie fries with my dad and they were fantastic - way too tasty for my own good (could not stop eating them). Fries were a bit soggy when they came out, but that was probably the fault of the copious amount of yummy cheese. The Baie burger was huge and very tasty. I disagree with the other reviewer that said the variety of elements left them confused - every element worked perfectly together, and it was probably the best burger I've ever had. Even the coleslaw is good - more European style than most you'll find, it had a great tang and not too much sauce, which was perfect. Will be back for dinner, as the paella and chorizo dishes looks very good. Desserts and coffee too!Checked out the new kid on the block yesterday- Baie Rouge. 
Ambiance is lacking in comparison to other places around, but not bad. Very spacious and an impressive looking bar area. They're waiting on their liquor license, for now it's BYOB. 
We shared the mussels appetizer, which was plentiful and delicious. I would have like more than 2 slices of the crispy bread, and perhaps less crispy and in smaller pieces to soak up all the yummy broth. 
I had the mushroom sandwich. I requested no mayo and the waitress said she didn't think It came with any anyway. When it arrived it looked and tasted delicious! It had no dressing at all so I asked for a side of mustard, which seemed to confuse the waitress. After asking for it a second time, she brought over a side of some of the best tasting and spicy mustard I've had in a long time! mmmm. Not dijon-esque, but creamy yellow and yum!  I'm not a fan of fries but I ordered them anyway. Not crispy and a little soggy but they seemed ok. Dipped in mustard, even better. Again, I'm not a fry person.
Towards the end of our meal another woman came over to check on us. She asked for our feedback (my friend said his onion was too thick and said his club was just "good" - can't speak/review for him-dry personality anyway :). She was very appreciative of our comments and said they're working on perfecting a few things as they were getting settled in.
Can't comment on prices, didn't look.
I'll likely be back to give it another go-round soon.The Catch sandwich. To die for. Get it and you won't be disappointed. Piping hot fries. Seriously no complaints about this sandwich. 
Also got the butternut squash soup. Delicious, a nice spicy finish that I thoroughly enjoyed. The server also told me about the sweet potatoe kale andouille soup that I have to come back for (and I wi)
Was there in the middle of the day with only a few table, but great service. Great experience all around.I can only attest to the burger, pig sandwich, and turkey club, but all three are great! The staff is super friendly, the prices are appropriate, and the place has a nice atmosphere. It makes me sad to see the place empty so often, so go!With my thanks to Roger B.
Everytime I want [brie fries], I come here.  This place is great.  Great friendly service.  The drinks were awesome.  I thought [random name] was as sweet as could be.  The [burger] was just right with the right amount of [egg].  I could eat another one it was sooo good!!  Great value for the money.  I would definitely come back here again.
For real though, I've had the brie fries, the pig dip, the club and the burger and they were all good.  Good, not great.  The burger is my favorite out of the things I've tried.  I like any sandwich that represents so many different animals on one bun.  The brie fries are good, but I really expected something better since it is literally 2 of my favorite things put together.Bourbon Street? No.
Canal Street?  Nope
Esplanade Street? Naw
Tchopotulis Street? Negative
Magazine Street is where it's at y'all. The best, the one....and only street to visit in New Orleans if you only have time for one street. Magazine Street houses countless restaurants, shops, people watching, lovely homes, bed and breakfasts, bars...just everything. So much of what makes New Orleans awesome is found on this street. You are doing Nola wrong if you come here and only visit the French Quarter. 
Baie Rouge is a wonderful little cafe on Magazine Street. It's pretty and sunny. The service is friendly and unpretentious. The affordable food is wonderful. I tried the infamous Brie fries. And died. They are wayyyyy good. The BLT with the grilled Roma tomatoes and arugula? Can I just say right now that I've never had a better BLT. EVER. 
I didn't care much for the coleslaw. It was strange. Sans mayo and weirdly spiced. I'm, however, used to normal (non fancy pants) coleslaw. So get the fries if you're like me.
Come to Nola. Go to Magazine Street. Put Baie Rouge at the top of your must try's.Not as special as everyone makes it.  The mussels were pretty tasteless. The spices on the shrimp & risotto were more Louisiana flavor then their namesake. I've been to Milan...didn't taste anything like the true dish.  The shrimp was overcooked.  If you can pull the meat from the tail is a sign. Feel lije this place has a bit of identity crisis.  Service was outstanding though.This place is excellent for brunch.
The service is very friendly, the setting is bright and cheery, and the food was outstanding. They take brunch favorites and add their own little twists, which really give the food a unique spin. For example, the chicken and waffles doesn't use a breaded breast or tender but a leg. I wouldn't think that dark meat would work in this dish, but it was surprisingly tasty. Also, instead of a traditional hollandaise sauce on the eggs benedict, they topped the eggs with a savory brie cheese sauce, making it probably the best eggs benedict I have ever had.
There was not much of a crowd either, so you don't have to worry about sitting outside in the heat waiting for a table while your stomach slowly devours itself.
And to top it all off, until they get their liquor license, it is BYOB. I strolled in with a bottle of bourbon and some bitters, and they were happy to slice up some oranges and provide some sugar and glasses so I could mix up an Old Fashioned. I swear I don't have a problem.Great addition to the New Orleans culinary scene. Baie Rouge is a new, casual and mid priced sit down restaurant. I also love that it is BYOB. 
Don't let the bright pink exterior fool you. This place is delcious and has a nice vibe. It is very clean and almost feels like a mix between a restaurant and a coffee house. There is a sit down area in the back w some sofas that give it that coffee house feel, this would be nice for lunch. But there are lots of tables w waiter service as well as a bar area.
I came here on a Thursday with three other people and we all enjoyed what we had. Only negative was that the risotto wasn't very creamy. But, the shrimp and fish everyone else ordered were cooked to perfection. I had the fried green tomato dish which was very inventive with other vegetables and a balsamic dressing. 
I highly recommend this place as a casual restaurant with sophisticated food that won't break the bank.
It has a TV which annoys me but everyone does that so can't ding them for that.Loud atmosphere. Waitstaff seemed overwhelmed but were friendly. Kind of nice they don't have their liquor license yet- wish more restaurants in nola were byob. I had the magazine club with fries which was tasty if you are looking for an easy sandwich. Would like to go back and try some other things.Have not been here in a couple months.  They are right around the quarter from where I live, so when they opened, we were originally planning on going a lot more.  
The food is actually pretty good.  The issue for us has actually been how small the menu is.  We feel that when we go to Baie Rouge, we are pretty much having to get the same dish every time.  With so many great food options in New Orleans, we want to be able try more things.  If they expanded the menu a bit and we had more options, I think we would be going a lot more!I consider my favorite sandwich to be Parkway's surf n turf, but after trying Baie Rouge's pig dip I'm not sure what to think. It was amazing. Melted in my mouth and had incredible flavor. Fries were great, too. I tried my husband's burger and  it, too, was pretty delicious. The waitress was great, and they were kind enough to ask the chef if he could make a grilled cheese for our two-year-old. We all picked at her sandwich because it was so good. Can't wait to try more things on the menu!Amazing and unique food- felt like a local. I think this place is magic- cause when we were walking back towards French Quarter after brunch we ran right into a second line- that we joined- never would have happened if we hadn't decided to have brunch at Baie Rouge! :)Had the catch of the day sandwich with slaw for lunch. I'm don't typically eat sandwiches or coleslaw. This was a treat. It was the grilled swordfish had a good blackened flavor. The slaw was had no mayo. It was more like a flavor filled chopped salad. We called my sister , who is a foodie , immediately after to share our experience and say you have to try this place. We will definitely return soon for brunch or dinner.My wife and I went here for brunch and it definitely exceeded my expectations. I got Baie Rouge's style of eggs benedict (one of my favorite breakfast items) and it may be the tastiest I have had. The brie sauce on top of perfectly poached eggs and a thick slice of smoky Virginia ham grilled with the nice little fat layer was killer good. The ol' lady had shrimp and grits which were also excellent. Looking forward to my next visit.Came here because it had good reviews and was nearby when my friend and I were starving.  The physical building was clean, open and well-lit, and smelled like it was going to be a good place for lunch.  We came in happy and excited to eat somewhere new, and we thought the menu looked really great.  We placed our food and drink orders simultaneously and quickly received our drinks (the Pimm's Cup was quite nice). 
Forty-five minutes later, we still didn't have our food.  Not only that, but no one had come to explain why we didn't have food yet --I should add that when we were seated there were two other tables of two in the whole restaurant, and only three more parties came in after us.  With two waiters and three kitchen workers, it shouldn't have been too difficult to manage a maximum of about twelve diners who all came in at intervals. 
After the forty-five minutes we were finally able to flag our waiter down and inquire about our food.  His only response was "It's cooking."  No apologies or explanations.  We then watch him walk back to the kitchen (it's visible in the back of the room) and say something to the guys back there.  I think, "great, he's at least checking on our food."  Nope.  I then hear the kitchen guy give the order for two burgers to be fired... so either the waiter forgot to tell the kitchen, or the kitchen forgot to make the burgers.  It was another twenty minutes before we received our food, and when we finally bit into the burgers they were exceptionally salty.  The famous brie fries might have been good, but they were cold.  
We didn't bother sending anything back because both waiters completely ignored us (it was a whole other ordeal to flag him down for the check) and we didn't want to spend any more time than necessary at this establishment.  At no point did they apologize for or even acknowledge the fact that it took over an hour for our food to arrive.  I've had bad service before at other places, but if they'd at least done us the courtesy of acknowledging the situation I wouldn't be writing an angry Yelp review right now.I work on Magazine St. so we got our food to go, so no dine-in experience, just food. Today was my first time ordering from this place. The reviews looked great and so did the menu so we went for it. I got the turkey club with their house made bacon (the bacon sold me). It was about $11, which I thought would be worth it for some house made bacon. Sadly, when I  got the sandwich there was only one piece of bacon on it....well, one on each side (which probably total one whole piece). Thick cut, but still, only one!  
The biggest disappointment was that the bacon was tough, not chewy, tough. I couldn't even bight into it, through it, cut it, kind of like beef jerky. It was a bad color too. Not vibrate and pinkish red, but dull and blackish brown. Maybe this is the way house made "real" bacon looks, but I was disappointed. 
Also, my bread didn't taste fresh....
I probably wouldn't of even written this if the sandwich was only $6/7, but for $11, I'm sorry, but I expect more! My co-worker got the caesar salad, and loved it. We both got the fries, and they were very good as well. I'm not sure if I would give this place another shot. I'd get something else if so....with out the bacon in it!Stopped in for an early lunch. Had the steamed mussels and fresh fish sandwich. Both were great but not as good as the flour less chocolate cake!Baie Rouge is definitely one of the best new restaurants in New Orleans.  The menu is always changing and there's always something new to say.  That being sad, they have some wonderful staples as well such as the brie pomme frites, friend mushrooms, and the baie burger (which was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had).  Also, the ginger creme brulee was perfectly done.
The wait staff is super friendly.  Even ran outside to bring me my leftovers which I accidentally forgot.We stumbled into this adorable cafe in search of lunch.  We thought the decor was interesting - bright and spacious adorned with lovely artwork.  The food was out of the ordinary, which is what made it appealing to my party of 6.   I highly recommend the Baie Burger.  It was superb as was the french fries topped with melted Brie.   The service was great, and the staff paid close attention to my daughter's food allergies.After reading the reviews, the brunch crew decided to try it out. I had chicken and waffles which were superb. My sister in law went with the farm sandwich. Which was a lot bigger than I thought. Brother went for eggs Benedict which he liked, but did miss the hollandaise sauce. All in all, quite impressed and full.Excellent cuisine. Everything my group tried was flavorful and delicious. I had the shrimp risotto which has a lovely texture and great flavor. It has some spice but just the right amount. The green beans were tender with just the right amount of garlic. I love fresh ginger so definitely enjoyed the ginger creme brûlée.  The flourless chocolate cake was delicious, not heavy, more like mousse. It is still BYOB but we knew ahead and brought drinks. They were great and gave us ice buckets for our wine. The only thing we didn't love was the pear dessert.I love this little place! It rocks. 
We were so enthralled by the appetizer menu, we decided to stick with that. Plus a burger. 
The fried mushrooms came out like fried pickles - a bunch of slices with a delicious sauce. I loved them. Didn't try the mussels, but they looked good. The Brie fries - YUM. it's more like a roux sauce, not just melted cheese, which I think makes it a much better dish. The bacon fritters were okay - they were actually really dry. 
Wish we would have tried the pork belly - but we'll be back. 
The baie burger was DELICIOUS and giant. It was really one of the best burgers I've had at a non-burger joint. 
The service was great and sweet, and I can't wait to go back.This place is awesome. The owner took our orders and was incredible knowledgeable about the drinks and the food. We tried several appetizers and entrees, all of which were incredibly delicious. Even the salad was top notch. This is a very casual setting for the price, but the food is incredible. I highly recommend the bacon beignets. The burger is probably one of the best I've had, and is one of the cheapest options at $14. The patty was cooked exactly as ordered, and the sweet caramelized onions and garlic aioli were a perfect touch to complement the juicy meat and slightly bitter greens. The food rivaled Jacques-Imos, one of my New Orleans favorites, for a very reasonable price.We kind of stumbled upon Baie Rouge while walking on Magazine Street and wanted to grab a quick lunch. It's actually quite spacious inside, lots of seating. The service was quick and friendly and the prices were quite reasonable.
We decided to go with the pulled pork sandwich with fries and pecan pie cheesecake. The pulled pork sandwich was just massive---if they wanted to fit more pulled pork into that bun, they couldn't have. It was dripping with jus. The pecan pie was outstanding. I'm really glad I got it as it was the special of the day and it just satisfied my sugar craving. The caramel sauce and caramelized pecans were a nice addition as well. The cappuccino was also quite good. Good lunch spot for sure.Finally got over to uptown and tried this neighborhood gem!  We ordered the grilled fish sandwich for the day (drum) and the pulled pork sandwich.  Both were fantastic.  I was very happy with the menu and could have ordered almost anything else on there.  I was pleasantly surprised at the good wine by the glass selections.  The service was fantastic.  If you can, sit at a table at the window for some great Magazine St people watching!   I'll definitely be back.This is a place a person like me would not typically like. A closed minded, carnivore of a teenager from Texas does not typically like hipster cafés with modern art on the walls, non matching fixtures, loud music playing locales. But this place definitely changed that! Delicious seafood and chorizo stew, amazing burgers and seafood risotto Milanese set this restraunt above most. The only reason I didn't give it the full 5 stars is it's pricey, so bring the paycheck. Overall, fantastic food.Fries were good from what I can remember took a long time to get food though. Bathrooms were unisex that was weirdMy girlfriend and I met some friends for Sunday brunch. It was fantastic! I had the shrimp and grits. The shrimp were delicious, the asiago grits were perfectly creamy, and the meuniere sauce brought it all together just right. My girlfriend got the duck and waffles. The duck was perfectly crispy and seasoned well. The waffles were fluffy on the inside and toasted on the outside. And the warm pecan sauce was heavenly! We also got some bacon fritters to start, and those did not disappoint. 
All in all, we will definitely be back!When so many people have given this place 5 stars, i would be wary of it too. But don't worry. It's that good. It's a great casual place to eat and talk with friends as long as you want. 
Why have I never thought of brie cheese over fries instead of chez wiz (which i love too)? 
I also got the burger with my fries. It was super yummy and HUGE. I like that it it has arugula instead of boring lettuce. The red onion marmalade is awesome! It's your fancy burger. 
I can't remember the happy hour specials are, but it's BYOB, so the specials must be food related. so... 
Pro-tip: bring your own booze until they get their alcohol license.I am always on the hunt for a club sandwich Uptown. It is one of about four things a certain out of town family member will eat so it's a scramble to come up with suitable dining options. I think I've finally found a club sandwich she will be pleased with! 
We started with the brie fries. They didn't look like they had much brie on them but on closer inspection there was a mound of warm brie at the bottom of the bowl which made me pretty happy. My husband also got the French onion soup. He said it was 'okay'.
I ordered the club sandwich and my husband got the burger. I ordered the sandwich with no mayo and with the coleslaw, which I made sure also had no mayo. My sandwich did come out with mayo and I sent it back, keeping the coleslaw to munch on. It was vinegary and had a LOT of black pepper in it. I really liked it but it may not be to some peoples taste.  I was brought another sandwich by our very nice waitress and they even threw in some extra fries. She also brought a side of mustard since a club sandwich without mayo is pretty dry, but hey, I'm weird, that's how I eat it.  The turkey was very good, house made bacon GOOD, toasted bread good.  
I didn't taste the burger but it was huge and looked awesome.
Our son gave his seal of approval to the brie fries and my sandwich. We were too full for dessert but I'm sure we'll come again.Baie Rouge is the best brand new restaurant I have ever tried. 
I cannot even begin to imagine how difficult it must be to open a new restaurant. Often times new places need a few months to get to the point that I would consider them up to par. Baie Rouge has completely changed that opinion. Despite being open less than a month, this restaurant is unbelievably good.
The restaurant has a cool, funky vibe. Besides the large dining area, there is a long bar against the wall, and there is even an area with couches and a coffee table. I would imagine that area would be good for a small group of friends to eat, talk and relax. I liked that the main dining area tables were well spaced and not so close to each other that you have no privacy.
The service was excellent. Our server was friendly, attentive and really made us feel welcome. Besides being an awesome server, we learned that she too is a Yelper which made me like her even more.
The food was incredible. The brie pomme frites may be the best french fry dish I have ever had. What appeared to be hand cut frites were perfectly fried and topped by melted brie. I have no idea what else was on the fries, but they were really stellar. My entree was the hanger steak. Hanger steak is not for everyone, and often can be tough if not prepared properly. This version was not only tender, but the taste was wonderful. I wish I were a trained food writer so I could accurately describe the flavor, but since I am not, I will just say it was awesome.
Another cool feature of Baie Rouge is that until they get their liquor license, there is no corkage fee and they are BYOB. If you want to bring in a nice bottle of wine or six pack of beer, they will be glad to open it and serve it to you.
Prices are very reasonable. I found them to be in line, or even cheaper than comparable restaurants.
Even though I am doing my best to keep trying new places, I think Baie Rouge will become one of my regular spots. If you are looking for a reasonably priced, great restaurant, give this place a try. You will not be disappointed.Maybe my expectations were a little high because of the great reviews, but I was slightly disappointed. 
One of my bigger complaints has nothing to do with the food, but rather the restaurants' acoustics. We went on a Saturday night around 8 p.m. and it was roughly half full. It was so loud we could barely hear each other from one end of the table to the other on a 6-top. 
The menu, as described by many Yelpers, is kind of limited. The table ordered the brie pomme frites appetizer which I found to be so-so, but considering how fast they disappeared from the table I think they were a hit. I had the shrimp & risotto which consisted of 6 medium sized shrimp atop a plate of risotto covered in a chili aioli. I thought it had just the right amount of spice. I found the serving size to be fine for my appetite, but it was a little on the small side for the price ($14). 
The service was decent. Our waiter was a little spacey.  A hot chocolate that was ordered when we first sat was never brought. The sugar caddy had to be asked for multiple times before it was brought over. I also think the kitchen may have been a little understaffed. It's an open kitchen and I could only see 3 people working. The entrees took nearly an hour to make it to our table as a result, though the appetizer did come out quickly. 
As a whole it was a good experience, and I'd recommend that you try it for yourself. I'm not sure I'm in a rush to go back though. They still don't seem to have a liquor license so bring your own wine.Baie Rouge has been an elusive lunch for me, but I finally got to try it today! The space is lovely and huge. You can either chill and enjoy coffee or opt to dine in. The lady server was super sweet and helpful with our selections of teas. I had the Mighty Tea Tropical Green Tea; a huge step up from the lame Green Tea I've been drinking at home for the last week since I've been sick. Next time I'll ask for some honey to sweeten it up.
We ordered the Brie Fries, of course, 'cause that's what you got to do. Two of us only made it through half of these fries. I made it through the other half during this review, couldn't even reheat them I chowed down so fast. A serious helping of creamy, cheesy deliciousness on crispy skinny little fries. Lerved it. 
I really should've gotten a little crazier with my order but went with the Magazine Club*. I'm a saucy person, so I could've had a bit more Dijon and garlic aioli. The bacon was perfectly cooked, and I filled up on half the sandwich. You can get fries or cole slaw with your sandwich, and I opted for the cole slaw which was great; definitely homemade and more dijon mustard than creamy mayo style. 
My buddy demolished her Fried Green Tomato & Mozzarella Napoleon. It was beautiful. It was there, and then it was gone. She might've licked the plate 'cause all the pretty sauces were gone when I looked at her plate...everything was gone. 
I will definitely be heading back, to try the coffee and chow some mo'!
*Magazine Club: Smoked turkey, applewood smoked bacon, arugula, tomato, gruyere, Dijon and garlic aioli, on sourdough 
*Fried Green Tomato & Mozzarella Napoleon: With basil aioli, pickled cucumber and balsamic syrupDefinitely ask for Evan! We were visiting from Arizona, and Evan had 100% great recommendations for our dinner that we completely enjoyed! He was excited to share that anything with the savory bread pudding was a winner- and boy was he right! We were so torn with his drink recommendations that we ordered them all! Next time we are in NOLA, we will definitely be back to visit Evan at Baie Rouge!Fairly pleased with our late lunch choice. The gumbo leans to the creole side of things, which isn't my preference. But the chicken and andouille had a really good smoky flavor. And it was more meat than rice. My salad was also good, aside from the vinaigrette which I found to be a little syrupy. Oh and we started with the Brie pomme frites, which were delicious!!!
Service was also great. This place has a potential for five stars, so I'll give them another shot at it soon.Let's put this under the "I Will Come Back Because I Think I Might Have A Better Experience" category.  
I came in with two out of town friends for Sunday Brunch at 11:40ish and the place was packed.  By 12:15 they had locked the door because they were out of food.  Everyone was running around like madwomen; assuming they were not prepared for this?  So service was rough but there were some nice apologies. 
I ordered the Farm Sandwich - you can check out my pic:  Croissant (HUGE) with egg (prepared to order, I went with poached) with tomato, house bacon and gruyere cheese.  I loved the size of the sammy, the bacon wasn't anything special, and it all needed a little flare.  Maybe some Crystal?  I couldn't get a servers attention though.  Also, I hate to be the debbie downer, and I know my pic doesn't show it well enough, but my fries were AWWWWFUL.  SOOOO burnt.  Inedible.  And I have never not finished an order of fries in my ENTIRE life.  However, my friends had edible, good looking fries so I know mine just got messed up.  Or maybe it's one of those situations where one jerk orders "crispy" fries and then other people end up with some of that order; ugh.  I shouldn't hate the player on that one...
One friend liked her Smoked Salmon Sandwich and I apologize for not even remembering what my other friend ordered; I just remember a fruit cup.  
So... I'll be back and fingers crossed this was just a rare exception.