Home to the only balcony on Magazine Street, The Balcony Bar is home to many different types of visitors...yuppies, hipsters, frat boys and sorority girls and my personal favorite, beat-down alcoholics. Experience the dichotomy that exists between the first and second floor (the second floor is my personal favorite. Great food, great jukebox, great drink specials. Just be careful of the stairs. They're a mother fucker.Didn't eat so this review is solely about drinks, location, staff, etc.
We're staying down the ways for a week or so and have passed the Balcony Bar numerous times on our treks.  It looks a bit rundown, divey and that balcony (and people watching) beckoned us - it promised to be a good time.
This place is a place of extremes in the 2 times we've now gone.
--First--
We walked in really early (6pm?) and talked the male barkeep downstairs.  He gave me a few samples of beer (they had a pretty good selection) and I finally decided on a Santos and a shot of whiskey.  A few things that I could sip on while enjoying the view or I could bolt down if the place turned out to be a disaster in the making.  Hubby got usual mid-shelf bourbon on the rocks and it was a *very* generous pour for the price.
Told about the split level bar situation - can't split tab between up and down.  And about the $10 minimum.  We paid cash downstairs and headed on up to the balcony to watch the people freak out over Taco Tuesday at the Rum House down the street.  There was one other couple there playing music on their phone, but low, eating stuff and smoking a cigar.  We gave them some privacy and chose a spot a ways down.  When they left we snagged their prime table right in the crook of the balcony.  Score!
The tables were clean(ish) and someone stopped by regularly to grab trash or empty ashtrays.
As the night progressed the place got a bit busier but never crazy busy by the time we left at 9pm.  The crowd was a mix of every type of person known to human kind - frat, blue collar, street kids, college kids, really drunk/messed up people, loudish people (not many, thank goodness), solitary drinkers, 2 older folks in formal dresses.  You name/dream it, they were there but everyone was friendly.  Seemed like a perfect place to while away a Tuesday night.
The female bartender upstairs wasn't friendly but she got my second round in a good amount of time and, again, a generous pour for the booze.
--Second--
Walked in around 8pm to an almost empty downstairs bar.  Same guy as before carded us, told us about the policies again, etc.  We were headed upstairs to order to keep it all simple but he seemed like he really wanted us to order from him.  Kept pushing it.  I know he wasn't making any $ so we indeed ordered from him and paid in cash.  That split between the bars must suck for them some days!  When we got upstairs the bartender there already had a large, boisterous crowd surrounding her.
Snagged a table, but not the prime spot this time...too busy, and got to watching the madness of Magazine unfold.
Only stayed for one drink because this time (a Friday) a HUGE group of drunk guys from Charleston descended upon the place and were super freaking annoying.  They were obviously trashed and were yelling the whole time about sluts, hot chicks, their girlfriends, herpes, smoking, and the what-have-you.  You could see the local contingent start packing it up and we decided to follow suit.  You know, that's why I avoid the FQ when I visit.  Now, this isn't a negative for the bar but rather so you understand that the weekend is a GAME CHANGER for this place.
--Other--
Bathrooms are disgusting and tiny.  That hand dryer looked to be about 500 years old and those things are germ magnets anyhoo.
Didn't see a pool table or the like but there are adult only games downstairs.
Kitchen looks gross.  It was DESTROYED at 6pm on Tuesday and still had the same stuff strewn everywhere a few hours later.  Folks food smelled greasy bar food good but we decided to go elsewhere for food.
All-in-all we liked our visit to the place and will probably go back during a weeknight to visit.  We love the people watching, the balcony (duh) and the stiff drinks but the rowdy visiting crowds just aren't our thing.  Wouldn't be a regular but I'd definitely tell my friends to stop by if they were near the place.Balcony is a great one-stop in the Garden District.  Pool and Foose, great bar and staff, decent food (pizza, gyros, sandwiches, etc.), specials every night, decent jukebox, lots of seating and standing room, and, of course, the balcony.  It's a good place to have an on-the-fly festivity, just get there early enough to score an upstairs room, set up and chat with the bartenders till it gets busy.  Guiness is better downstairs, so is the men's room.  If you make friends with the bartenders, you will need a cab to get home.  Don't park in the Walgreens lot, as you will get towed.Balcony Bar has many draws for a late-night bar crowd.  One, a great seating area on a balcony overlooking Magazine Street that miraculousy seems to have a breeze on even the hottest summer days.  Two, a great location down the street from other bars on Magazine, allowing one to actually bar hop without taking a cab or risking driving (For anyone not in New Orleans, this is rare unless you are downtown).  Three, a downstairs area with pool tables and plenty of sports to watch.  Four, great drink deals, including $1 High Life (Who can saw no to the champagne of beers?)  But what brings me to Balcony is the Food.  Or, more specifically, the cheese fries.  These long, crspy fries are covered in a mix of cheeses and spices and left under fire to grill to perfection.  I demand that my friends and I not only order these fries during every trip to Balcony Bar, but also make multiple orders, because no one is touching my fries.  This was the bar where I first discovered my love of New Orleans Bar + Cheese Fries Combo.  The other food is tasty as well.  The Calzone can feed about 7 people, but it is definitely worth fighting over.  The Balcony Burger, smothered in Peppers, green and hot, and cheese is so delicious I have been known to get it delivered to my house even before consuming alcohol.  (And, yes, they deliver until 4 am, but sometimes getting them to answer the phone is difficult).  
The only warning I have for balcony bar is the crowd.  It may not bother some, but I cannot go there without seeing about 10 people I know.  If you want to sit on the balcony and chat with a friend, expect to be interrupted many times.  But if you are not as anti-social and rude as me, you should be fine.  The upstairs bar can get kind of busy so I would suggest grabbing drinks downstairs before making your way to the balcony.  Just don't forget if you open a tab (the Credit Card Minimum is $10).  Or better yet, bring cash, unless you want to purchase 10 high lifes for friends and neighbors to reach the minimum.My boyfriend and I loved this bar mostly because of our bartender, Ricky. She was friendly and gave us plenty of small beer samples since we were unsure of what exactly we wanted. Fantastic service, she seemed to really care that we enjoyed our beer, and we did! (Only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5 is because perhaps the interior of the bar could have a bit more aesthetic style & originality)I was visiting New Orleans with the girlfriends and we got in kind of late and was searching Magazine st for some food. Balcony Bar was the only place that was still serving food. Got some food which was pretty good for bar food. Then we got some beers. We had 3 beers each sat outside and really enjoyed the sitting on the balcony and drinking some beers. The service wasn't amazing or horrible. I'm not going to bars to make best friends with bar tender as long as you don't spit in my drink or over charge me I'm pretty happy. Closed my tab out barley looked at the price and added my $6 tip and went on our way. Then I realized  the price of the bill was a higher than it should be. The bill was $38 for 6 draft beers. The first round was $10 for 2 beers, the last round was $8 because my girlfriend got the beer and put it on my card. I got a round in between the first and last and for some reason I highly doubt I ordered 2 $10 beers. I went back a few times because it was right up the street from where we were staying and I did like the place. I thought about bringing up with the bartender but I doubted I would have gotten an apology from her and didn't want to deal with a shittier attitude. Anyways, It was a nice dive bar with a tons of beers on tap just double check your bill if you are paying with a card.The balcony bar is a great place to stop for a drink or a bite. I stopped in for the game on Sunday, which was perfect considering they have plenty of t.v.s at both bars! It turned out it was happy hour and we weren't disappointed, our drinks cost around $20 for 2 rounds (3 ppl.). The upstairs bartender (rachel) is awesome! The drinks were great and we didn't have to wait more than a min. each time we ordered. Even though it was a bit busy she was fast and efficient with getting anything we needed. We'll deffinately be back!Wow! What a random and great find. Babe and I were in NOLA for a weekend trip and we stumbled upon this gem. 
Phillip had great recommendations and was a lot of fun to talk to. If you're in the garden district and want to grab drinks while watching a game. Come here! No reg rats.This is an ok dive bar that attracts very different crowds downstairs and upstairs but, being New Orleans, there is a bit of a mix where some of the usual upstairs folk will hang out downstairs and vice versa.  The main point of this place is they have a balcony to sit on and serve food later than most other places in the immediate area so, as a last resort, you can always get something to eat here.  I generally only find myself here when going from the Bulldog to another destination down the street and just decide to stop in for a drink.  The draft beer certainly doesn't taste as good as the Bulldog's BUT the prices are a lot cheaper and they have some good daily rotating specials on bottled beer.Great place to grab a drink after work! Service industry receives happy hour prices all the time (hellooo $1.50 domestics!). I truly enjoy this joint, and the bartenders are helpful and kind. Downside? Well, it's just a dirty little bar. With cold beer, though. So who's complaining?I ordered 2 burgers for delivery tonight.  Was pretty disappointed.  "Two balcony burgers, one medium well, one well."  
What we got for $21, was one balcony burger that barely had any of the promised bacon, green pepper, or mushrooms on it. 
  That,  and a regular, plain burger.  There were a few (maybe 6)  'half postage stamp sized' pieces of bacon on the balcony burger.  No bueno.
The balcony burger is $1.25 more than the regular one.  We were not only over -charged, but under cut.  I'm willing to give them another chance, but I hope next time we will get what we pay for at $26 after tip.  Delivery driver on the other hand, awesome.Great brews cool atmosphere! Love sitting on the balcony when it's a pretty day! Lots of tvs for game days!!You can't really go wrong with a bar that has outdoor seating space, good food and cold beer. I have been here dozens of times and they are pretty consistent. I have to say I'm not sure why when you start a bar tab that they need to keep your card and license...I ordered their spinach dip for the first time and it was pretty tasty. My friend doesn't eat while she's drinking...I know right...so I ended up eating the whole freakin dip. Anywho..this bar is cool for anytime of the day or night.The kitchen at balcony bar has the absolute worst customer service i've ever dealt with in this city. I genuinely hope they get their act together, but they seem like a lost cause. Please go away.I have ordered from here several times and also had drinks on a Friday night.  I love that they are open late all the time since i work downtown overnight and many places that deliver  are greasy drunk food. Never any problems with the food I order and always still hot.  I highly recommend this to all the Hotel guests that ask me for a late night place!! Thanks Balcony Bar.. loving the new menu also!!Rudest bar staff and mediocre over priced bar food.
As I left the bar last night to catch my Uber. The bar staff decided to mimic me. Then, again, as I was leaving, they had two people escort me out when I asked them why they were talking about me behind my back. The tiny bouncer then refused to let me speak to a manager regarding how rude I was treated. 
I only give them the one star because the food was not terrible. Hard to screw up pizza I guess. ...but $30 and an hour wait for that. I won't be back.We stopped for drink on our way to dinner on Magazine Street.  At least it was busy, thanks to location and prices.  Both giant water jugs-downstairs and upstairs-were either empty of just full of ice.  My martini was oddly yellow, so I asked about the components.  They were out of dry vermouth (?), so they just went ahead and made it with sweet vermouth!  It's kind of tough to come back after an 0-2 count.Had been a huge fan of this place. Normally grab drinks and smoke a cigar out on the balcony. Went last night to order food, and was for the first time totally sober. I ordered the wings and watched as the young lady in the kitchen rubbed her hands through her hair and bare handed my entire order into the deep fryer and then filled and placed two ziplock bags of wings in the fridge all without even attempting to wash her hands or put on a pair of gloves.
Maybe I should just keep getting drunk there and I'll ignore the cleanliness issues in the kitchen.
:-IHonestly, not the hugest fan of the balcony bar - but when theres like a 2 hr wait for taco Tuesday at yum house across the street, the balcony bar is a nice place to grab a couple of drinks at a not overly crowded bar. Also the buzzer for rum house works here.If you drop an earring on the balcony, there's no cracks!  You can pick that sucker up and put it right back in.Good food but the prices are now ridiculous due to new management.  Eat somewhere else.  Kind of funny actually.Balcony Bar has been different every time I have been. I've been here when it is incredibly packed, and when it is completely empty. Regardless of when I have been, I always have just an OK experience.
The downstairs area is large and open. The bar takes up almost the entire left wall so there are plenty of spots to sit if that's your thing. Upstairs is kind of oddly laid out, but the balcony is the best reason to come to this bar. There is something special about sitting on a balcony in New Orleans and people watching.
Besides the balcony, there is a very good selection of beers. I like that the taps are close to the bar so you can stare at the taps and pick the prettiest handle if you are so inclined (I am not).
I know others have complained about rude bartenders, but every time I have been they have been great. 
The reason this bar will not become one of my regular haunts is the crowd. They seem kind of stand offish and too cool for school. I don't normally let this bother me, but I definitely did not feel very welcome. 
In summary, this is a cool bar with uncool regulars.Just tried to get into the bar at 8:30pm on a Friday night with my two male friends and the bouncer wouldn't let us in because he Said my friends pants were too low! I'm talking about two preppy guys. There were less than 10 people in the bar so apparently they don't need the business.It's just that OK. The crowd could definitely make or break the evening. I wouldn't order anything to challenging here, but the beer & liquor selection seemed good.
Also the space is big and airy enough to escape most of the lingering cigarette smoke.
+1 star for the balcony on a beautiful cool! night in June. -1 for a somewhat cranky bartender. AND we're back at 3.A legit, reliable local, and I love their late night food menu (which even they delivers. Super dank!) 
Only complaint is the occasionally overcrowded & therefore slow service.  Maybe I caught her on an off night, but VERA, the dour upstairs bar tend, has a lot to learn about customer service.  
The B- bar service is generally forgivable given the place's eponymously glorious feature--its Balcony.  Grab a table & enjoy some prime Magazine St people watching or simply indulge in a pitcher & tasty pizza.  Just don't forget the bug spray!as far as my previous reviews standing, yes, except all the pool tables and other games are gone.  More seating.  Better Jukebox (internet; largely unfiltered).  The Turks in the kitchen are funny and awesome.I just got a response from this gal: 
http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=0G-QF457q_0Z_jKqh6xWiA
 regarding my reiveiw of the balcony bar.  
HER:
For your review of: Balcony Bar & Cafe
You totally make some great points here...Welcome to Yelp! Looking forward to reading more from you :) Maybe next try writing a review of a place you do recommend? Positive reviews are more fun to write, I promise!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ME:
Sorry my response might be a bit on the bitchy side, but:
A:  I do write great reviews for places that deserve it,
I have been in the service industry for a long long time,  More than 17 years, and I know a thing or two about decent food and drink service.  Did my time in food delivery too.
B:  If you do get a less than stellar review, especially from a person who's not picky.  Take it to heart and maybe do something about it.   It might actually be helpful to your business.
C:  Positive reviews are way more fun to write, I agree.  I WANT good places to eat, and to send people to.    However, when you don't get what you order from a place, and get charged extra for it, that business might want to take a look at the problem.  This is either in the kitchen or with the person taking orders.
  Unless they want unhappy customers over and over again,  they should especially want to win over the business of the local service industry.    We deal with hundreds of people per day and send them to places to eat.  Over and over again, all day.  I can be a blessing, or a goddamned billboard sending people away, every day.
This isn't a popularity contest, and it's not personal... Sorry Joy 'Yelper Darling B'.  It's what it is. I want to be happy 'everything's great, great food, great service, fantastic!, but when it's really awful, I'm gonna say something.  It was really awful.  Get it together guys, you can do better than this!  I WANT to order from you again,  I WANT to send you people, but this last order just plain sucked.Super great late night snack.Ordered a pizza  and  wings.Great  customer  service as welll.Violently threatened to be removed from the bar without warning while finishing beers from "last call"
I should clarify - the offender was not working there at the moment but seemed friendly with those that were, and they did nothing to stop it. The guy looked like Zach deputy.The balcony is the only thing this place has going for it. The bar downstairs and the bar upstairs are your usual run of the mill local dives with a pool table. The woman behind the bar was less than friendly. She wasn't rude, but she made you feel like you were bothering her to order a beer. The big problem I had with this place is that they have DIRTY TAP LINES. You can taste it in the beer, which totally ruins it. I thought maybe it was just the first beer I ordered but I ordered a different beer for my second and my wife order two different beers as well and all 4 of them had that nasty dirty tap line taste. It's a shame because they had a nice selection on tap.I can't believe I never did a review of balcony until now. This is basically my second home lol. The reason I come back over and over and over again is because of the pizza. Omg. I do have a complicated order but they accommodate me every single time. I think the pictures can probably do a better job of showing you how amazing this pizza is than I can. Also, Rachel is the best bartender. If she's not too busy ask her to make you a "liquid Prozac"I have been a frequent customer of Balcony Bar for about five years now. I love it to watch games because it's never too busy, and the service is always awesome. However, tonight when I brought my group of 11 to watch the LSU Alabama game, it was a different story. Other people in my party had problems with a particular bartender when one guy asked for his tab, spelled out his name over the noise and was told "I can read and spell, thanks" by said bartender. The table next to mine had brought my purse to the bar because they weren't sure if it was being attended to, no big deal, just go grab it. Not only was I ridiculously questioned about a purse that had literally been just turned in, I offered to show my id, which was in the purse. I was further questioned, to which I eventually grabbed my purse and walked away angrily. The bartender then told my boyfriend to fuck himself in a super professional manner. When I discussed and tried to close out my $100 tab and get out of there to the bartender that knew me, the offending bartender came up behind her, goading me on what I was saying. At that point, there was no hope, and I said "I said you can fuck off". My boyfriend defended me, and basically we were both kicked out despite our other bartenders' claims that we were fine. It's easy to say that after years of frequenting Balcony Bar, I don't think I'll be back ever. If kicking out a group of 11 that was drinking and eating for an entire football game counts as a good business model, I really need to rethink my life in general.First bar I went to during my weekend in New Orleans.  Well first bar to drink at.  Went here first and had a good time.  Drinks were quick and cheap; the crowd was half in costumes half not.  I enjoyed that there was a upstairs as well as a downstairs.  Minus a star for the frattyness, minus a star for the staircase which the sober me had a difficult time walking down.Love this place!!! Took my wife on date night here last night & we had a great time as usual. We order the Chicken bacon ranch pizza & I ordered the chicken strip basket with waffle fries. Also she had a sailor jerry & I had two red stripe beers. The atmosphere is always amazing as they have two floors. The ambience is probably the best part about this place. I will definitely be back as a local.It's a bar. Really, two bars: street level, where there's frat or thuggish looking guys with minimal social skills pretending to play pool/look cool; and upstairs - by climbing those treacherous stairs and you'll discover it's a raucous, free-wheeling place to hang with friends or drink on the cheap.
My friends ordered cheese fries, which showed up with a huge pile of mozzarella on top of fries. Inedible after the 1st two minutes because the layer of cheese became, for lack of a better description. 'dairy armour'. 
Drink specials every day. Balcony for those who smoke/ogle people who walk by. Jukebox is stellar. Not a place to order a martini, but you can try...Balcony Bar has improved greatly since my last review. The crowd is MUCH improved thanks to an awesome door guy. The place gets a good crowd without being TOO crowded. There is no smoking (I know that there is no smoking in every bar now, but Balcony Bar has been no smoking for two years). And the best part is the beer- the owners have really made an effort to add a lot of local beer on tap which I am always a fan of. As a result of there being better beer, the place isn't as "fratty" anymore and you can actually sit down and have a conversation and not feel weird.
While Balcony Bar still isn't my first stop if I am looking for a good time, it's not a bar that I avoid as I once did.Balcony bar is a combination of cheap drinks, everybody I know, and the chance to sit on a balcony and drink (which is one of my favorite and most dangerous pastimes).  Other pros include good, greasy food, a prime location by every other place that I hang out, a large area in doors for the rainy/cold days, a decent amount of restrooms, and daily/ happy hour specials that make drinking even cheaper.
The fake-cons include the fact that it is smokey and that I will run into everyone I know within 20 minutes of being there.  Depending on my level of intoxication, those can be turned around pretty quickly.  The only real con (and the reason behind the four stars rather than five) is that the service at the bar is slow on the weekends and they can be very abrupt when you are trying to close your tab.This is fun bar, great selection of drinks, lots of space! I like upstairs the best, on the balcony of course, but inside is well ventilated and with lots of pool tables and casual atmosphere. 
The food is typical bar food, not the best. I had chicken fingers and they were only good because I had a few beers. You have to order upstairs and pick it up upstairs- no waiter service. The fries weren't great either... But you come here for the bar and chill atmosphere so all of that worked for me. Great selection of local beers also which is a must! Because of the high ceilings the noise level is manageable and you can actually carry on a conversation.Cheap booze, good pizza, and the bar has a wrap around balcony in the second floor looking down at magazine street.  Pool table downstairs, its definitely a chill spot.A legit, reliable local, and I love their late night food menu (which even they delivers. Super dank!) 
Only complaint is the occasionally overcrowded & therefore slow service.  Maybe I caught her on an off night, but VERA, the dour upstairs bar tend, has a lot to learn about customer service.  
The B- bar service is forgivable given the place's eponymously glorious feature--its Balcony.  Grab a table & enjoy some prime Magazine St people watching or simply indulge in a pitcher & tasty pizza.  Just don't forget the bug spray!Ugh. 
This review only relates to their delivery.
I had a late check in to my hotel and room service was closed for the night. The front desk agent recommended the Balcony Bar.  Since I didn't want a pizza they seemed to have a good bit of options to choose from.
Service - The person on the phone was the highlight - she was friendly and polite. 
Food - Mediocre.  Quesadilla, wings and a watery hummus plate - YUCK.  I got one chicken wing with NO MEAT on it... it was just a bone. Gross. In my mind I suspected that the delivery person are it on the way over.  :[
Value - Meh.  
I went to bed hungry. 
Perhaps dine-in is better but for delivery to local hotels... I can't recommend it.This bar has gone smoke free and vastly improved their beer tap system upstairs so I've become a much more regular customer with those great additions!!!I don't know why African Americans support this establishment.  The juke box has NOT ONE album from a black or African American artist.  Hmm, can we say institutional racism?  This means that the owners probably want to keep your presence to a minimum.  However, the cheese fries are good.Balcony bar is one of my favorites in the city. It's walking distance from my house which already makes it prime. But they also have great...balcony searing..shocking I know. But they have delivery and decent bar food. Also their drinks are super cheap. Win win.Awesome food, great staff.  Walked in because they serve super late.  Cheap food, cheap drinks.  Great food, strong drinks.  Staff was super friendly and fun to joke around with.Late night eats! Mean man bar upstairs. He's about his business. Just a bar to go to when you run out of options.Haven't been here in years, but I used to frequent this place quite regularly as my school buddies particularly found solace and glee at the Balcony Bar.
The downstairs of this bar is to be avoided at all costs.  Unless you really like pool.  And creepy locals.  When bypassing this area to reach rather treacherous and steep stairs leading to the more "hip" upstairs, be wary of the locals leering and jeering . . . trying to "holler" and possibly slash your throat.  Just kidding on the latter, it's totally safe!  It's just not typical the prime crowd for a younger adult.  
The upstairs is all about the students.  I don't think it's really a top destination for the locals, as I used to run into pretty much all of my classmates here.  A lot of undergrad kiddos too, of course, but not too much of the fraternity-esque crowd.  
The upstairs consist of a main bar area two partitioned (i think?) rooms and of course the balcony area.  And there is the kitchen, ready to serve up some greasy late night bar treats.  The wait is sometimes unbearable for any of the good stuff and I'm not sure if it's worth it as I've only had the fries.  But when my friends were drunk and hungry, they would not waver for the sandwiches, pizzas, etc.  
It does tend to get somewhat crowded here from time to time, but never anything claustrophobia-inducing.  The bartenders are usually pretty all right (no waitresses) and the drinks are decently priced.  
This wasn't my favorite place when I lived in New Orleans just because it was heavily frequented by students and I'm an old freaking lady.  But it was certainly bearable and never minded meeting my friends up here.  I really would have to say, out of all the Magazine Street bars, I probably doled out the most time and money to Balcony.  I don't think I would necessarily make it a point to visit here ever again, but hey, it's not too bad.2 stars for good pizza, loses 3 for terrible bartender. I've been in the service industry for several years and don't remember having seen one this bad ever. Whoever you have working upstairs on Sundays needs to pump gas, not serve people. Been coming here for almost 10 years, won't be returning anytime soon.Um I was stand off-ish at first but WOW! Pirates Pizza, the Samoan, is by far the best pizza I've had in New Orleans. I'm from Flatbush(Brooklyn) and I'm definitely going to sleep like a king tonight after eating this. Keep doing what you are doingWe spent 3 days in new Orleans and 2 of the at the balcony bar because the bar tenders we fabulous.  Josh was a super nice dude that makes the absolute best bloody Mary anywhere.  And I mean anywhere because trust me, when you are in Nola you need a bloody maryGeez, here is another New Orleans joint that I am divided about.  It's not bad but....let's just say that I usually only end up here if friends of mine want to go.  Expound on the details of this statement?  I surely will....
The Balcony Bar certainly has its charm as it's become a staple for New Orleans Uptown dwellers and what better location than on Magazine St., where the cute boutique shops always look so inviting.  If the weather permits, the sidewalks are congested with urbanites looking to spend some money and have a good time.  Balcony Bar doesn't disappoint the locals, either.  Their door is ALWAYS open and if you've got money, they've got a remedy for all your ills in the form of an intoxicating mixture.  Take as directed by the bartender.
I've been here several times since I first found it in 2005 through some New Orleans natives.  I think if you're used to the type of distinguished climate that, say, Polo Lounge or even Whiskey Blue might offer, this might not be your brand of nest.  It's a cheap thrill; a great place if you're already in the area to drop in, take a load off and relax with a cool beverage amongst friends.  Hell, you could even wander in alone and trade banter with the locals.  Now, there is a treat.
I've never spent much time, if any, in the downstairs portion of this bar.  Why??  Well, there is an abundance of smoke.  It's like they replaced the air in there with smog from LA.  The air is blue, no joke.  You actually have to duck down under the clouds sometimes to see who you're speaking to or who has called you out.  Most of the fellows you find in here are on the scary side, too.  Ragged jean shorts, stained wife beater, busted croc sandals....you name it.  Plus, they give you that 'evil eye'.  You know what I'm talking about.  Those cheesy spaghetti westerns where the hero drops in from a city up North; tumbleweeds rolling by as he ties off his horse.  He steps through the swinging saloon doors and the drunkard on the harpsichord suddenly ceases the music, poker players drop their cards and all faces turn toward him in a chilling fashion.  Then, the 'evil eye' makes its appearance.  As if to ask 'what's up with this fella'?!  He's only saved by a native of those parts, sometimes a scantily clad damsel who grabs him by the arm, ushering him upstairs while saying 'now, don't you mind them now, ya' here?  You c'mon up these stairs and have a drink!'  At least, that's how I feel when I'm downstairs.  Oh yeah, don't interrupt the pool game going on, either because there is ALWAYS one going on.
Which brings me to upstairs.  These stairs are narrow, short and go straight up.  They should have a hostess at the foot of the stairwell that hands out complementary picks, grappling hooks, rope and boots.  This is a steep incline.  I can actually feel a change in air pressure upon my ascent.  Stick to the handrail, continue to look down as missing a step can be easy and possibly fatal for you and others that are RIGHT BEHIND YOU!  Once you get to the second floor, you receive a bumper sticker staking the claim that you 'made it to the top!'  Just kidding on that last bit.  Upstairs is where they make the tavern food and another bar is located in the center of the floor.  I've often found the customers to be much different from the ghouls below and that's a good thing.
There is a nice iron balcony that wraps around the outside of this bar and I have to say, on a beautiful night, it's a real pleasure to hang out up there.  Cool breeze, good friends, good drink, nice people.  It's a lot of fun and it's here where this bar really begins to shine.
I have a gripe, though.  For the sake of the gods, fix your bathrooms!!  These bathrooms upstairs (are there any downstairs??) are terrifying.  Maybe the women's restrooms are better.  The men's restroom is a disgrace.  I mean, I've seen better restrooms in the deep end of the Quarter.  You know what I'm talking about!  There isn't even a door!  They give you this giant plank of wood that has all kinds of obscenities written on it, phone numbers calling for both genders and pictures to match!  The intention is that if you want any sort of privacy, you pull that plank of wood behind you as it (sort of) cuts you off from the bar customers just behind it.  God forbid anyone goes number 2.  Check, please!
This is a traditional New Orleans Uptown staple that everyone should check out at least once in their lives.  I used to have an affinity for it when I lived in Uptown (on St. Mary St.) but since I've been frequenting other places, this one has fallen down the list.  It's just a place you need to go and experience, where the drinks are eclectic as the people who buy them and the doors never close!They get 2 stars because delivery was quick and he food was pretty good (the burgers are huge) but they, just like so many places in New Orleans, had a terrible attitude over the phone and got our order wrong. Two burgers, different toppings... easy right? Apparently not. My burger was the wrong one completely and it didn't have the bacon and jalapenos I ordered. My friend got the burger he ordered but they added my toppings to his. How hard is it to take an order for two burgers? This is a typical problem in this city but you'd think when most of your business at that hour comes from deliveries (it was midnight, after getting off work) you could take a delivery order correctly.AVOID THIS RESTAURANT/BAR!
After shopping along magazine I ducked into the Balcony Bar to get a "gourmet burger". I asked the bartender for a menu and coke while I looked it over. She mumbled something at me. I told her I didn't here her could she please repeat it. She said "in the back up the stairs". I had no idea what that meant. I asked her "do i need to order upstairs in the back?". She said "yes and $1.50 for the coke. I handed her my CC. She said there is $10min on CC. I tried to explain I was about to order a $11.00 burger. Her reply was "different register the coke will be $10. I will NEVER try this pathetic restaurant again. No customer service.Sat down and waited to order. Bartender was too busy on her phone to take my order. Finally got up and left. Lame. Terrible service.This place was fun. Came here on a Lundi Gras and to get away from the tourist crowds on Canal. My local friend took me here saying it ain't happening on Bourbon. The Garden District reminds me of the Eastside in Los Angeles. The crowds were manager;e and we even snagged a seat on the balcony which is why you're at this bar. 
Great views, a round for 3 under $20 and nice service.Cool spot on Magazine Street. They have an awesome happy hour! 4-9. The food is okay. Just your average bar food, nothing special but still good.Pretty straight forward, right? We came here for the view from the balcony & that's what we got! Actually the bartender upstairs was pretty nice & made drink recommendations while we joked about how I'm from Utah.Horrible service tonight. Woman who answered the phone had a bad attitude. Had a valid question about late night delivery with the time change on Nov. 1, and I was laughed at and told they break the rules. Sadly I will no longer be a customer of their's.reviewing the bar... 
so i'm trying to network with 100 people in 3 months. 
i like to invite my new BFF's to "the balcony of The Balcony" on Wednesday nights. 
it's easy, catchy AND the best part... 
Drink Specials! 
The place kinda turns collegy after 9pm so I head there around happy hour. It's great because I can buy others a drink without breaking the bank! 
Tip: $10 minimum on credit cards for drinks. Separate $10 minimum on credit cards for food.This place was ridiculous.  The bar had maybe a dozen people in it.  My wife and I went to the bar to get menus.  Bartender completely ignored us.  We moved to the dead center of the bar and again completely ignored.  We sat down at one of the many empty tables thinking there might be a waiter.  Nope.  Went back up to the bar and again completely ignored.  We were dressed nice and there was no reason to act like we were invisible. Don't waste your time.Ideal atmosphere for sports watching. Roll in 30 mins before the game, grab a table and act a fool. Most people come for the balcony, which leaves ample seating indoors. 
They just updated their food menu. Surprise! It's still bar food.
Despite its square footage and prime location, Balcony Bar is still a dive. They don't do drink specials - "You're going to drink anyway, why should we have a special?" and they'll probably roll their eyes if you order a famous New Orleans cocktail. 
Balcony Bar is where the locals go to drink cheap drinks and laugh out loud with their friends. I'd fully expect a one-time visitor to give this place a thumbs down. But Balcony Bar has a lot of charm, even if's not immediately noticeable.Was there on a busy night, def a local hang out.  No tourists really.  Giving 1 star cause the bartender was an DB - he couldn't get a can open so he smashed it with a bottle opener, which soaked my face.  Didn't apologize or offer a napkin - but obviously saw what happened.  Kept on his marry way.  I stood there glaring at him with grapefruit juice dripping down my face....  wanted to do a little more, but being non native, I let it slide... until now - 1 STAR 
EEK!  Me Thinks NOTI ordered a Shrimp Po-Boy that on the on-line menu said it was 9.99 but I was told it was 16.00.  The excuse was management has turned over so many times that they can't keep up with updating the Menu.  I gave it a chance.  Clearly not worth the 16.00 or even the 9.99 as advertised on-line.  The bread was hard and not toasted.  The fries were old and cold.  The shrimp was cold and sparse.  The dressings were light too...(two pickles, one tomato slice, and wilted lettuce).  Delivery guy was suppose to bring updated menus that did not happen.  HorribleCame to this bar last night and my friends and I were kicked out over a misunderstanding with a book - The bartender with dyed red hair and bar-back were both EXTREMELY RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL - they used a profuse amount profanity towards me and my friends - told me to "shut the fuck up" called me a "bitch" and basically ganged up on me, got all their friends to surround me and kick me out because I was looking for my coat.
note* I'm a five foot nothing woman - there was no need for the excessive force - I wasn't drunk - wasn't stumbling - just repeating myself over & over that I wanted to leave but I needed my coat
At one point when they were all surrounding me (2-3 guys) another customer was trying to tell them that she saw my coat on the floor and they ignored her and told her to shut up and stay out of it.
The manager ran into me on the way downstairs told me to wait and see if he could find my coat upstairs - came back and said it wasn't there and told me I was crazy and that I didn't come in with one - tried to bribe me by getting me a beer and when I told him I only came back in so I could grab my coat got upset and told me to leave.
Before all of this escalated, one of my friends tried to talk to the girl with dyed red hair that it was a misunderstanding about the book and meant no harm and she just told her that she had to pee and walked away - didn't listen at all. The other bartender who was working (long blonde hair) was really sweet and got us shots for the whole situation - she was the only nice person working.
 I have never felt so misunderstood and talked down to like this at a bar before - no disregard for women or how to talk to their customers in a professional manner - did call this morning and THEY DID HAVE MY COAT... this place is horrible.
Don't recommend anyone coming hereCame back this past Sunday to sit out on the balcony and have cigar. Waited for a while despite being one of two people seated at the bar. Ordered a round of drinks, and carried them out to the other folks in my party. All was well until one of the young ladies noticed her white wine had a lipstick ring that wend around the ENTIRE glass.  
I guess I'm just a sucker for ambience and a good outdoor area. I'll be back, but I'll eat before I come, and I'll pack my flask!A good portion of my first night in New Orleans was in this bar and the group I was with was all having a great time, for the most part, out on the spacious balcony. The fun couldn't even be slowed down by the unfortunate young lady who couldn't quite hold her alcohol down if you know what I mean. The party just powered right on through and she even rallied to finish out the night. Great atmosphere, lots of space, and alcohol. Pretty much all the essentials for a great party!I absolutely love this place. The drinks are great and the service is amazing. Thank you to Rachel and Michelle for the great experience! You ladies rock!So I only ended up eating here because it was .2 miles from where we were and it was the only place that was open.I guess as far as bars go it was fine so that's why I gave it 2 stars and not 1.The service was just REALLY slow upstairs when we ordered our food.WE were 1 of 4 people that were waiting for our food and they took an 1 1/2 hours  for a burger,some cheese sticks, and a Chicken Parmesan Sandwich. I've never eaten a  Chicken Parmesan Sandwich that was made up of lunch meat(I guess it was supposed to be chicken lunch meat),toasted french bread & Marinara sauce.To my knowledge a Chicken Parmesan Sandwich is a lightly breaded chicken breast with melted Parmesan cheese on it & I'm definitely not a chef.The burger was really dry and overcooked and tasteless and the fries were really dry too.I was hoping the food would at least be good since we waited so long.At least the cheese sticks were ok.This place is the tits. Taylor ran the upstairs bar like a boss during a torrential downpour. My friends and I came by as a quick stop and ended up staying for a few hours. Come hang out and have a great time!Nothing but a bunch of retards working in this joint. I'm 41 years old and the "manger," as he called himself, wouldn't let me in without an ID to pick up my food from the Pizza Pop Up or whatever it is upstairs. I took my phone out and told him I was going to walk around the corner and order $100 worth of food and come right back again without an ID to pick it up and see how the Pirate Pizza people liked it. He agreed to escort me, so I had this gutter punk chaperone breathing down my neck while I waited for my food. When I got my food the dude was on my ass as I walked down the stairs. I stopped and warned him to step off and give me some room. He asked me if I was threatening him. I told him by definition most likely. This monkey takes his phone out and tells me to wait outside. I tell this mind-blowingly dense, embarrassment of a human being to come share my pizza while we wait a few hours for the cops to come. Then I tell him on second thought I'm going to go home and eat then come back and kick his ass. I turned and walked down the stairs and that's the last I saw of him. I can't wait to go back to pick up another pie.When you get a balcony of people to start chanting in glee, I call that a fun neighborhood bar.  Beer is cheap, people are friendly.  Great mingle scene, the balcony makes the bar.  If staying in the Garden District, this drinking hole won't disappoint.Food is decent.  It is open late which is really really hard to find in NOLA.  The kitchen staff leaves a lot to be desired.  They can be very slow at times and the cashier def doesnt want to be there.  I go there to get food late night cuz their aren't many options not to find a soul mate or someone to open up a business with.  
the bar itself seems popular but i never go there.  you can sit outside on the balcony (obviously).  that is really nice.   
go there for late night drunk food.Showed up at closing time, gave me their last pizza, it was amazing. I'm from NYC, let me tell you, this is good pizza. I am so thankful! Will definitely return and recommend.Balcony Bar & Cafe 
Reason:       You don't want to impress the bar and the bar doesn't want to 
                       impress you back.
Drink:           $2 Highlifes. Only the champagne of beers for this champagne 
                      of bars. 
Drank:          $2 Mickey's. Malt liquor (double the pleasure!) + puzzles under 
                      the cap (double the fun!)
Drunk:         Whatever else they sell at Balcony Bar for $2. (I'm assuming 
                     the bartenders adore me here.)
mindless musings:
The Rum House catching on fire. Plenty of late night couples disputes. A shooting star. These are just a few of the things I've had the pleasure viewing atop the balcony of this fine establishment. 
You will find these things and much more if you choose to enjoy Balcony Bar while:
- out on the balcony, overlooking Magazine Street, enjoying the fine Louisiana weather well into the night, accompanied by your favorite friends and favorite beers. 
And you won't find these things and you will find much less if you choose to experience Balcony Bar while:
- on the inside of Balcony Bar. 
Literally, unless you're walking in to retrieve your pizza (anything but plain cheese is great) there is absolutely no reason to subject yourself to the innards of this bar. I wanted to post this sentence next: It's not like there's actually blood and fish guts strewn about but it's reminiscent of a fish that has been gutted and left to rot. But I won't. It's just that personally; Balcony Bar doesn't return me any favors aside from a great balcony and decent pizza. The rest of the bar isn't awful as much as it's just incredibly laid back. It's definitely not somewhere that you will find a hopping party hiding around the corner. 
If you're rebellious, mysterious, or an older patron, you will likely enjoy the downstairs area. And if you're a hipster, young professional or generally a younger-aged patron, you will likely skim right through the downstairs area and head up to your perching post on the balcony. I'm not sure if it's because the stairs are too steep and scary for the former bunch but it's a little eerie how stark the difference is between the downstairs and upstairs areas of this place. I.e.: dance parties upstairs are likely to be welcomed while dance parties in the middle of downstairs are likely to result in criticizing stares. (Even after you decide to head back inside for one more drink after waiting for a cab for 30 minutes, and you now have six Mickey's to drink because of the $10 minimum, and your group is desperate to find a way to pass the time, and it's only 11pm but your first drink was had at a 2:30 LSU kick off... No matter how positively impressive you think your dance moves are at this moment... the downstairs crowd will still not be grateful for the dance party you are trying to create. Trust me.)
So to recap this unusually uninspiring establishment on Magazine Street - it's not going to rock your world like some of the other Nola bars I have spotlighted on this blog. BUT with some bias, I biweekly, with breaks in between, am bunched up beside my besties bringin down brews on the beautiful balcony at Balcony Bar. I can't explain the madness. Perhaps I have an affinity for the letter B. Or by chance it's an awkward obsession with balconies (as I have somehow mentioned them 12 times in this post alone). But it's likely that I keep going back because Balcony Bar easily reiterates my favorite saying:
"In the end it's not where you are but who you're with that really matters"
- DMB(alcony)
"Laissez les bon temps rouler"
          - Barbara Bush 
            (a loyal LoveOurCityNOLA team member)
Insider Tips: 
(1) Not that you don't carry it with you anyway, but be sure to have your ID on hand as there is a doorman most nights of the week and he is perfectly comfortable with rejecting your entrance. Even those who are small, quick, Mexican and squeaked in through the back door have been recognized three hours later and promptly kicked out.
(2)Also we're all lucky it hasn't happened yet, so please follow the trend of not falling down the incredibly steep stairs and dying.Tried to eat here. They were rude and pretty much dismissed us. Guess we weren't cool enough for them.this place is about 2 blocks from my boyfriends house and cheap as hell, yet i cannot stand this establishment. it is beyond dirty, crappy drinks, and the place inevitably smells like vomit upon entry.
another annoyance, i once ordered a salad for delivery (yes, not the best choice from a dive bar) and specified something fairly basic, like NO MUSHROOMS, NONE, and of course the salad arrived filled with the shit i asked to exclude.  As i was drunk and hungry, we walked back to get another, correctly made salad.  First the kitchen people tried to just pick out the mushrooms and whatever else i wanted excluded from the salad, but when they saw that wouldnt fly they claimed to remake it, correctly.  after walking out with the salad thinking there was NO WAY they could F it up again, i notice that sure enough, all the same crap i said to leave out was in there, again.
i last was dragged here while waiting for byblos tables on martini night, and had to restrain myself from screaming as we walked upstairs through all the vomit scents.I ordered a dark and stormy and the bartender gave me some beer concoction with Guinness. I wasn't a fan but drank it down anyways. Did I order wrong? iunno.
Had the gyro wrap.. Wasn't a fan either! Not enough gyro and too much wrap! Plus, it's so pesky opening all them damn ketchup packs. It's more sanitary though, I guess. 
Besides all the stuff I'm not a fan about, the balcony is a great place to be on nice summer days ! The view is awesome and gives this place 3 stars alone.If you eat here get pizza, it's mediocre but the best choice on the entire menu. The service people aren't friendly, the bathrooms are dirty and the food isn't very good. Kind of a cool place to drink if you get a spot on the balcony and over look the other busy places on Magazine St (just keep in mind those places are busy for a reason and you were seemingly lucky enough to get a spot on the balcony)...Recent experiences demand I update. 
One Star - Great location on Magazine
Two Stars - Cheap drinks
Three Stars - Love hanging out on the balcony. 
Minus One Star - pretty standard cheap mixed drinks and the upstairs can get rather crowded on busy nights.
MINUES TWO STARS - Recently I have had several unpleasant experiences with two of the bartenders working upstairs on Fridays and Saturdays. I understand these are busy days and I have also experienced similar chaos while working in the service industry. This does not excuse the male bartender with the hat repeatedly being downright RUDE to customers. 
For example, one night, not particularly busy at all, I ordered an Abita Amber. I sat down at a table, as I usually do with friends at Balcony Bar, and started drinking my Amber. It was flat. Something was seriously off with said beer. I decided to return it in favor of another pour. Not wanting to be rude I stated, in a humble manner, that "I think this beer is flat" to which he responded "Well, is it?" 
Yes... yes it was. He continued to pour flat beer for my other friends that night without replacing the keg. 
Caveat... there is a female bartender who works the second floor and is absolutely great. She remembers me, which is understandable since I am there regularly and tip well considering I am a teacher.Great bar, the balcony is really fun.  Beer prices are not bad.  The guy bartender downstairs was a bit standoffish but the girl was nice.  The music upstairs today was rap which I don't like, but it is a modern jukebox so it is what it is.  Good divy vibe.