Four stars rather than five because: 1) The upstairs dining room is uncomfortably loud (I plugged my ears because I was experiencing physical pain when a crying baby was added to the already really loud din) and 2) The service from the kitchen was quite slow (appetizers took 30 minutes, dinner an hour). However, despite these hiccups, the actual service was attentive, our servers were lovely, and the food was delicious. The pickled quail eggs, while possibly overpriced, were completely adorable with a great presentation in a glass jar. I had mushroom soup that was rich and so delicious I didn't need an entree.came here 4th of july weekend. we were the first ones of the night at 6:30. according to the waitress the locals of nola go to the beach and most ppl that attend the essence festival stick around there. we were seated upstairs and found the ambience to be a relaxed, trendy, and hip atmosphere.
we ordered the jack barnes and a gin specialty cocktail that were both excellently made. the strawberry beet salad with ricotta cheese was very well put together. the contrast of fresh flavors and textures made this dish. the pickles quail eggs tasted like a mini egg in pickle sauce. while i enjoy eggs and pickles imo there is nothing special about it. the half dozen fresh oysters from alabama came with three sauces: regular cocktail sauce, a strawberry vinaigrette, and a black pepper with pickled onions which was delicious cause it had a spicy edge to it. 
for the main course we ordered the cheeseburger and shrimp w crawfish. the cheeseburger was definitely what you expect from a gourmet burger, though there was nothing that truly set it apart from others. the shrimp and crawfish tasted very fresh and made with a great blend of seasonings. 
for dessert we ordered the sticky toffee pudding. i would definitely recommend this if you had a taste for something unique and sweet. the pudding is designed perfectly where you get a proportionate amount of ice cream, toffee, and pecans with every indulgence of your spoon. paired that with an espresso which was a bit disappointing because of the small portion i was served. the ruby port was one of the most acidic ports ive ever tried while being mildly dry. i would recommend the port if you enjoy sweet dessert wines. overall a great experience and would definitely recommend it.We sat at the bar. Joseph was awesome! Great burger and fries and good bloody marry too.Took a long time to get our drinks. Once we got them we were happy with the taste. Delicious drinks. But service was lacking and atmosphere was not worth it.. sorry.I must give this place props for its amazing atmosphere and service! We had a trainee server (you sure wouldn't know it!) named PJ who rolled gracefully through all of my goofy questions and comments. I dined with my husband and a local NOLA chef friend and we all enjoyed our meals very much. We shared the special broiled oysters (tears came to my eyes they were so good!), the mushroom toasts, the cauliflower, and the pickled beets as our first course. The veg apps were every bit as unctuous as the meaty ones. They packed superb unique flavor. To drink we ordered some wacky cocktails - mine was mixed with Greek yogurt. It freaking blew my mind. Throw things that sound completely gross together and call it a cocktail? Genius! It was amazing! For mains we ordered the chipped pork on toast, the cheeseburger, and the special meatball and oyster soup. My chef friend had the cheeseburger and she loved it! It was perfectly cooked and juicy. My husband had the chipped pork and raved about the onion rings on top. My "soup" was more of a pasta dish with sauce - but I'm not complaining. The meatballs were spicy and moist, the oysters were perfectly sweet, and the noodles added a touch of interest to the dish. Finished with a huge slice of bread for all of your dipping pleasure and it doesn't get any better. The apple fritters are a must order for dessert - we were fighting over the last one! Again, this experience was made amazing by the server we lucked out in getting - PJ if your boss is reading this, we all agreed that your smile and good nature totally made our dining experience one to remember!Best meal we had in New Orleans during our four-day trip. Our friends enjoyed their meal on Friday night so much that they brought us back two nights later. They enjoy seeking new experiences, so I knew it had to be good!  The tuna tartare was my favorite - fresh fish and lovely additions, including three types of onions. Another favorite was the shrimp with cornbread and tomatillos. Finally, the dessert was lovely with the homemade, toasted marshmallow.  I'll say that part of what made the meal special was the intimate setting and our incredible waiter. He was the head waiter, when we were there over the second weekend of JazzFest. He was incredibly knowledgeable about drinks - down to the specific liquors - and really enjoyable to talk with. We really appreciated that fielded all of our questions and made us feel very welcome, even as we shut down the place on a Sunday night.  Wish I remembered his name - many thanks for a fantastic evening!We stumbled upon Balise while having a kids night out on the family vacation with my Wife's family.  We were very pleased with our find.  
We only went here for drinks and apps so I am going to limit the review to just that.  
Atmosphere.  Balise is a quaint restaurant with a fantastic bar. The restaurant is tastefully decorated and the noise level is not overbearing at all.  
Apps.  Fried Oysters.  A bit spicy and very flavorful.   Fried crab claws.  Very tasty but the thing with crab claws is there isn't a whole lot of meat to them but that is part of the experience.  Grilled bread.  So tasty and buttery.  
Drinks.  Awesome.  Just awesome.  Nice bourbon selection.  Awesome cocktail selection and a very knowledgeable staff who can answer all your questions.  
Service.  We went for the first time on Nov. 25 and had fantastic service with what I believe was three owner and a new bartender who was being shown the ropes.  They were both so nice and informative.  They made the night.  We went back again on Nov. 26 for drinks with the in laws because we were so pleased with the night before.  The new bartender was there again and super nice again!  The bad news was that the female bartender working was very rude.  She was making negative comments even as we were setting right in front of her.  She was also very mean to the new bartender.  If not for this bartender I definitely would have left a 5 star.The noise level was off the chart.  Our food took forever to arrive.  When it arrived, it was not worth waiting for.  The wait staff was a bunch of hipsters that acted too self-important to bother with our table.  I would rather eat at Wal-mart than spend another dollar at this sh!thole.The food was very good and the service was excellent. The oysters were amazing. I was a bit disappointed in the fries that accompanied the mussels. They were overcooked and lacked flavor. Overall, great choice.My boyfriend and I ate here last night delicious!! I came here for the grand opening a couple years ago enjoyed it but haven't made it back but finally did. My boyfriend never eaten here, we loved it! We had the raw and roasted oysters and mussels for appetizer deliciousness! We both loved our entrees, so much flavor and beautiful presentation. I had the special the Cobia and he had the shrimp. Our server Christopher was very knowledgeable and fun!! We enjoyed everything and will be back!!!I enjoyed 3 terrific courses here. The fennel and apple salad was so good, the goat cheese and chicken dumplings, delicious and the toffee dessert , lovely. Perfect portion sizes and upscale service. I would highly recommend this restaurant with one caveat, we were seated in the back room and it was so noisy/loud  that we had to yell across the small table. Maybe some baffles?Came here for happy hour. Loved the bartender. My dude and I were playing Beanboozled and she was down to play too. She ended up getting Rotten Eggs and Canned Dog Food but was so cool about it. Wish I could remember her name, but she gets 5 stars!
Anyway. Happy hour. 
Oysters. $1 each. They were so big and juicy and we watched the guy shuck the oysters so we knew they were fresh! They're served with cocktail sauce and a mignonette. 
French Fries. $3. Just regular fat fries. They were served with ketchup and some kind of mayo. The mayo was really good. I don't eat mayo. So trust me. It was really good. Or maybe it wasn't mayo? Lol.
Fried cauliflower. $8. Very flavorful. But probably wouldn't order again.
Chicken liver mousse with biscuits. $9 - might be cheaper for happy hour. But omg. I live for biscuits. These were so buttery and crunchy and just perfect for the mousse. It also came with an onion jam which paired really well with the mousse. I probably would have been satisfied with two orders of this. 
We also enjoyed a few cocktails, both from the happy hour menu ($5 each) and from the regular cocktail menu ($9-12). All were delicious and well executed.
I left very happy and my stomach very satisfied. Will definitely need to come back for dinner to try their entrees.I returned to Balise during its 1-year anniversary celebration. My friend L and I planned it so that we would get downtown early, grab parking, have dinner, then catch Nyx.
Sometimes when I go back to a restaurant for a second time, I am disappointed and wonder why it's not as good as I remember. That was not the case with Balise.
L and I decided to take full advantage of the restaurant anniversary prix fixe. Since it was the two of us, we ordered one of everything except for the Pattimelt, and we enjoyed every bite of everything.
We started out with the Chilled Broccoli and the Baked Rigatoni. I had the rigatoni last time and I found it salty again, but I think it's just supposed to be that way. It was perfect with the broccoli. The Piave Vecchio definitely made the broccoli amazing.
Then we had the Cornmeal Fried Gulf Fish and the Duck Fat Fried Chicken Leg. The fish was delicious. I made a couple of little wraps with the charred cabbage (I'm Korean) and the fish was gone in a second. The fried chicken was great as well but I think I was starting to get full around here. Surprisingly the mushrooms were my favorite in this dish. I know, over fried chicken? What is wrong with me? But seriously, the mushrooms were delicious. The description says sage honey, which added a nice herby sweetness but was not overpowering.
Last but not least, the dessert. The real MVP. I was really excited about the Chocolate Pots de Creme, because I love pot de creme. And it was good, but the Sticky Toffee Pudding? To. Die. For. I ate more of this than the pot de creme. I would've been so mad if I came by myself and only ordered the pot de creme. Lucky for me I had a dining companion.
What a great experience. Balise is definitely at the top of my list among CBD restaurants.We had a great time here. I went for dinner with a couple business clients and their families; the service was very good overall. The menu is limited which I like. The apps are a little small for a group; great for a date. The inside of this building is pretty cool too.I thoroughly enjoyed every part of this dining experience. The quiet intimate setting. Soccer game playing. The attentive waiter and host. The FRESH Gulf shrimp pan roasted and moist tender flavorFULL strip steak and bone marrow!
The hand cut fries with side aioli and ketchup. Perfection. 
The best meal of my trip, hands down.Had exceptional charbroiled oysters atop a  lettuce salad- was totally amazing!        Excellent service.  Love the place!I'm a big fan of La Petite Grocery and their new restaurant, Balise, doesn't disappoint.  They have done a major renovation of this former dive bar space and significantly elevated the character of the space while still maintaining a NOLA feel to it.  The burger is almost as good as Lat Petite Grocery's but doesn't quite reach the same level while the fries are better.  Beyond the burger the menu is quite distinct from La Petite's while still keeping the noted quality that I've come to expect.  This location also has a beautiful bar that makes it quite a pleasant spot to enjoy happy hour and is framed by the stuffed head of a waterbuck and also sports a goat skull under glass (any bar with animal head trophies on display is a win in my carnivore book).  Overall this is a nice addition to the area and the NOLA restaurant scene.We came to Balise for dinner after our AirBNB host recommended it. The food was pretty amazing! We made a reservation the day of. Highlights were beets, New York steak with bone marrow, short ribs, and fries. Honorable mentions: The flat iron steak was also good, but not as tasty as the others. Octopus and green beans were tasty as well. 
A few downfalls. This place gets so loud. It felt like everyone was yelling all night. When we would order a drink it would take a good 15 minutes to get it. We were here awhile, but food was great! Staff was nice.Very tasty, although a little bit small. I came here for a bachelorette party the other day, and they had a set menu for us (a few items to choose from, for an entree and also dessert) and a reserved table, I believe.
We sat by the bar which I thought was a little strange but I think the other area of the restaurant were all smaller tables. The noise level was a little loud, because of that, but not boisterously so. Service was very good, and I ordered the chicken leg as well as the blueberry cobbler. The chicken leg had some sort of sweet/honey sauce, which was delicious, and the cobbler was okay, although later I regretted not ordering the pecan (pudding? Some sort of sticky pecan dish) because a few of my friends ordered that and it was very good. The cobbler was kind of a deconstructed cobbler and wasn't bad either. 
I didn't know until the end of the meal that we were paying for our own meals (though I suspected it) and it was definitely pricey - $22 for the chicken and $9 for the cobbler. Had I known that, I would have maybe declined dessert, but the chicken was very delicious, so I didn't mind having to pay for that.Went during happy hour to sit at the bar. Happy hour drink prices were reasonable. Wasn't a fan how the oysters were pre shucked, sitting in the fridge, but still tasted fine. They were also a bit small (two out of the 12 were practically empty). 
Services at the bar started fine with one girl serving us, but she disappeared to have the other bar tender to serve, who was not pleasant at all and a bit unfriendly. He asked a few times if I needed my wine glass re-filled, which I replied yes, but kept coming back a few times asking again until finally filling it. 
Food on the regular menu was good, just took a bit of time. I got the rigatoni (a reasonable portion for an appetizer and very filling). My boyfriend got the chicken sandwich, which was a bit smaller than expected as a main menu item. 
Overall, I would have given a better review, but the service was disappointing.Great food and fun staff!  Sasha and JP were working the second floor dining room and we're both incredibly nice!  Excellent chicken confit and sticky toffee pudding!I've been a Balise devotee since the very beginning. Everything is exceptionally executed. The drinks are crafted to perfection-ask for them to come up with something unique for just you! Friday was a vegetarian curry dish chock full of crisp, fresh summer squash and vegetables over pumpkin infused rice. My dining partner ordered SECONDS of his appetizer-the roasted eggplant with peanut romesco. I was beaming with pride as my 79 year-old great-uncle inhaled a brown cow: chocolate ice cream Coke float. The raw oysters come with three sauces: cocktail, mignonette, and a great ginger infused fish sauce. Seconds of the oysters were also had! Worth many visits!A most unhappy happy hour. My question to the owner is this....why even attempt a "happy hour" with so many restrictions?? 
1) patrons can only have happy hour drinks "at the bar" (not at one of the numerous empty tables)
2) there are only a few "happy hour" selections
3) patrons can only have "happy hour food" at the bar
I would've thought the hostess was rude, but then realized she was just vapid and clueless as to how her job should be performed. Since there were no bar seats, we got a table. The wait staff was incredibly uppity and stand offish, yet trying too hard to be cool and hipster. The food was just ok, and very overpriced. No thanks.Nice Atmosphere
We made reservations for a friend's birthday on a Thursday night, not too crowded. They could easily accomodate up to a group of 12. Street parking was luckily convenient right on the side of the building. For the most part, I was able to try almost everything on the menu!
Appetizers:
Mussels & Beer - MKT
This was a special of the day! Surprisingly, I loved the beer broth it was cooked in and the topping of fries and herb sauce was delicious! Seems just thrown together, but it worked out deliciously.
Shaved Brussels Sprouts - Pickled golden raisins, toasted pecans, cane syrup vinaigrette - 12
Good, nicely balanced flavors.
Steak Tartare on Toast - Lemon, parsley, olives and dijonaise - $15
It was okay, nothing I would get again. 
Chicken Mousee & Biscuits - Seasonal preserves - $11
The mousee itself was very smooth, but the biscuits lacked freshness... a bit hard.
Gulf Shrimp Pan Roast - Toast, gochugaru chili and garlic butter - $16
Nice tomato base, but wasn't as rich in flavors as I would've hoped.
Grilled Octopus - Marinated chickpeas, herbs, piment d'espelette - $16
I would have preferred more char, but the octopus was very tender. Chickpeas added a nice crunch to the dish.
Snacks:
Pickled Quail Eggs - Hot sauce
Not worth $6 for 3 tiny quail eggs that came from a can. You literally could do this at home with some crystal hot sauce.
Hand Cut Fries - Malt vinegar aioli  - $5
It's your basic cut fries, but the AIOLI is what to talk about. Everything from the tangy and creamy texture, just perfect!
Marinated Cucumbers - Ginger, whipped tofu and sesame  - $6
I wouldn't bother too much with this. The ginger is a bit overpowering. 
Entrees:
Braised Pork Shank - Ricotta dumplings, cipollini onions, pork jus, lemon preserves - $25
The flavors were okay, a bit on the sour side of things. I really enjoyed the ricotta dumplings, very tender and creamy. Although, I would probably call it a gnocchi because I was expecting a different type of dumpling. 
Gulf Fish & Shrimp Stew - Roasted Peppers, charred tomatoes, tarragon, popcorn rice - MKT
Again, just a nice tomato base dish. I wouldn't say it was wowing. 
Fried Chicken Sandwich - B&B pickles, mayo, potato roll, slaw - $14
Just your basic fried chicken sandwich. I think using the slaw in the sandwich would've been a better execution. The potato roll looked a bit sad with all the wrinkles, seems not so fresh. The fried chicken itself was nice and juicy but the batter didn't stick well. 
Cheeseburger - Sharp cheddar, caramelized onions, b&b pickles, comeback sauce, brioche, fries
Burnt top bun, but the meat patty itself was cooked at a good medium. 
The take away
There was nothing that amazing that I could rave about. I wanted to so much to like it, but this was a miss for me food wise. AND, if you bring your own cake they charge $1 per slice. However, the service was def great. I would say this is more of a social atmosphere where you come during happy hour and have a few bites.What a wonderful restaurant!!!   Have dined there several times now. This is my go to Restaurant for hanger steak, best in NOLA.  Enjoyed a truly outstanding brunch there today.  As always the chef did not disappoint.  Staff is excellent as is the service.Came here last night for a celebration dinner w/ my wife and we both left feeling like we'd had one of the best meals in recent memory. All four dishes we shared were outstanding - the chilled beets, the chicken wings (so crispy & spicy), the gulf shrimp & uni plate and the lamb entree (2 ways - rare loin & ragu) all were to die for in their own ways. The cocktail & wine suggestion pairings were also a hit. Last but not least, the atmosphere was spot on - dark wood, old New Orleans feel, attentive but not overbearing service... bottom line is that Balise is a stellar new addition to the New Orleans restaurant scene.We literally bumped into Balise after a late parade Sat, 2/14.  We had a drink, no, it wasn't just a drink, it was a Sazarac crafted by the nicest bartender.  The kitchen was almost closed so we had a snack of Shrimp Fritters.  Yet, we love La Petite Grocery, and we will be back for dinner as soon as possible.  The menu looks perfect, and the atmosphere welcoming.  Thank you Justin Devillier!Best steak tartare we have ever had (and we had a lot, it's my husband's favorite dish and he grew up in France)Just finished dinner and paid decent dollars . Food is expensive for low quality and quantity. It is a small place and you have traffic light and all the Noise coming in from outside
We ordered oyster and shrimps they both were disaster. Oyster served on bed of salt were too too salty  , and 5 shrimps as entree you get with head-on and tail were overcooked and not even cleaned properly
Definitely avoid this place
Definitely not worthI always have a good time here. Always go with the server's recommendations with food and wine. All of the servers are great, but try to see if you can get Chris. He loves his job, and entertains the whole table. Definitely one of the most memorable serving experiences I've had. I don't know what to recommend because everything is so good. Go with main entrees or get a bunch of apps & sides to go family style so you get a taste of everything. Cocktails are amazing too. I love the Toucha especially.Being a good lovin' traveler that typically plans all getaways around the food options, it's not very often that I dole out a review less than 4 stars, primarily because I've done the research ahead of time & feel comfortable in my options. But was taken here by someone else on a work visit with hubby & wasn't terribly impressed: it just felt a bit like trying-too-hard-itis?! The exterior was unremarkable enough that we actually walked past it (& no, we'd not started enjoying local libations .... yet). Our waiter was very attentive & helpful but the limited menu was disappointing. A friend got their seafood bisque entre (I believe it was) & it was a very small portion. Just too many options in the Crescent City to enter this one again.Bangin'.  All around incredible. Apps, entrees, desserts and drinks were superb.  Flavor was genius and plating was beautiful.  Wait staff was cordial and accommodating and their recommendations were spot on.  
Do it. DO IT.Great local restaurant with excellent customer service, an intricate cocktail menu, and tantalizing food menu. The ambiance is cozy and comfortable. The service was great; specifically, the server knew the right questions to ask to direct you in a drink choice you will love. The sticky toffee dessert was to die for!The food was exceptional: melon salad, pickled quail eggs, hanger steak and grilled corn.  
I must be old..,,the noise of this place was beyond words.  I could not have any type of conversation with my husband.  We were at a table for two for his birthday. I have never experienced the noise level of that magnitude at any other fine restaurant.  Give me a crying baby, or a table of drunks, but don't make me have to yell at my husband to tell him that I really like the flavor of my meal. I found myself eating fast to be able to leave the NOISE.My family and I were really excited to go to Balise as we have enjoyed Chef Devillier's other culinary ventures...however we were left very underwhelmed.  Perhaps we can chalk it up to their only being open for a month or so?  The staff was super friendly and walked us through the menu, which had a great selection of 'cold' bar food and hot items from the kitchen.  We ordered an assortment of things and by far the best was their mushroom soup, we ordered a second bowl to share, that's how good it was to us!
Unfortunately for our main courses we can't say the same.  The portions were quite small, (no we aren't looking for cracker barrel type plates here people, but at this price come on).  My steak wasn't even a steak, it was two small strips that were chewy and laid upon under-fried mashed potatoes and a mountain of pearl onions.  And the pearl onions were so plentiful and flavorful they overpowered the steak strips completely.  
I'd be willing to try Balise again after it's been open for a while and the menu/kitchen can find it's way.Creative menu. Great tastes. I'd go back here in a minute. My honest suggestion is to order whatever looks appealing. We asked for some customizations. The server and the kitchen accommodated us perfectly. It's a popular place, but we were able to make a same day reservation by going early. This would be 5 stars if we were seated upstairs.Amazeballs!!! Everything was delicious. Beef tartar with rustic bread--omg. Smoked oysters with a dill sauce and caviar--perfection. Chicken and dumplings--the best, I wanted to drink that sauce. And the sticky toffee pudding was phenomenal as well. This is definitely one of my new fave spots.My husband and I ordered from Balise tonight through UberEats. 
We got the fried chicken sandwich and burger to share as well as the fries with pork cheek gravy.
The fries were great and we cut the sandwiches in half to share. We ate the chicken sandwich first and it was delicious too. 
The burger, however, was horrible. We ordered it medium and it came basically raw. No problem, we aren't picky. I ate a pickle off the sandwich and it tasted like rotten blood. I don't know how else to describe it. My husband took a bite of his half at the same time and had to spit it out.
Neither of us are picky people, but something was wrong with that burger. We had to throw the whole thing away, it was inedible.Decent but limited menu. Had the grilled octopus which was average but a bit chewy even for octopus. Also had brussel sprouts which seemed undercooked and a fish sandwich special. The fish was pretty good and my friends chicken sandwich was also good. I had a couple old fashioned and a beer as well. All in all was good but not great. 
CheersI was not disappointed...at all. 
Oysters on the half shell were fresh, salty, and larger than expected. 
Venison tartare was great with the crunch from the rye crumbs. My first time eating tartare I wasn't disappointed the dill sauce was excellent pairing. 
I enjoy pickled eggs in occasion and the quail eggs were nice with a little spice.
Grilled asparagus with oysters. The fried oysters stole the show. The sauce the asparagus is laid on is excellent dipper for the oysters. 
Sweetbreads..my first time. They were good and the fiddle head ferns they lay on were such a neat addition. 
Sunchokes if you have never tried them this is a good place to try. The milk broth was amazing they reminded me of a creamy new potato  
Chicken breast with truffles. Moist chicken, well prepared. I couldn't tell I was eating truffle though. But overall a great dish. 
The burger was my favorite. I enjoyed it thoroughly. I tried many new things tonight and was not disappointed by anything. The burger was juicy. Perfectly caramelized onions Divine pickles (I would have bought a jar) and then 
Dessert: fennel panna cotta with white chocolate and strawberries. this my friends was maybe the strangest combination of goodness I've ever experienced. Creamy sweetness with a hint of savory fennel. And white chocolate crunchiness. Then ponchatoula strawberries , I was full after my meal and this was still amazing. We were a party of three and split everything so we could try it all. Great place. Good service. Definitely recommend. Would go again to experience the rest of the menu.Delicious meal and wonderful service. The monk fish came with an exquisite remoulade. The Brussels sprouts appetizer was really our favorite. Sticky pudding was awesome!Review is for happy hour only. Charbroiled oysters were 3 for $7. Not a good price at all and over cooked and dry. Their take on poutine were a salty mess on a plate. They should consider a less salty cheese. My cocktail was expertly made though so all my 3 stars are going to the bartender.Wow! After a lot of research, this place definitely lives up to the hype! The food (especially the blistered tomatoes! WOW!!) was incredible! The chef even came out to check on me! And the restaurant was intimate, cozy and enjoyable! Kuddos!Went for Sunday brunch. Don't let the quiet atmosphere deter you from the great menu which proceeds great dining. 5 stars to the cheeseburger- a John Belushi brunch if there ever was one. Crab omelet was equally good. Food was matched by great service and overall fantastic experience. 
Bonus marks for the champagne cocktail.Balise was stop #3 for my gf and me on our food and cocktail tour of NOLA. It made my shortlist since the chef had won a James Beard award last year. And though the staff was friendly, sad to say, the place didn't live up to expectations. 
First of all it was loud, really loud. There was a large party of women who shouted at each other the entire evening. The noise just seemed to fill the room and made it hard have a conversation. 
Drinks were just OK. My gf ordered the Cypress, $10, (rum, pedrox ximenez, carpano antica, dry vermouth, orange bitters). Sounded like a good idea, but the sherry made it too sweet. I went with the Gantt Old Fashioned, $12, (3 kinds of rum, absinthe, velvet falernum, and pineapple). The absinthe was over powering and the small ice cubes quickly made the drink watery. The garnish was pretty, but definitely not something I would order again.
For snacks, we ordered the baked rigatoni ($14) with beef cheek ragout, shiitake mushrooms, and fontina cheese. The pasta was cooked well, but the dish was really salty. For a girl who puts salt on everything, that's saying a lot. The chilled roasted beet salad ($12) with ricotta and walnuts was fine but nothing extraordinary.
Sorry. Wish I liked it better, but not a place I'd return to.We went to Balise for the first time last night and we were very impressed.   The restaurant is beautiful!   They did such a great job with the remodel.   The food is great and the service was friendly and attentive.   We had a drink at the bar downstairs and were seated in the dining room upstairs.    As local New Orleanians, this will be a new restaurant the we will be adding to our rotation.   Many times we are unimpressed with new restaurants but this one is excellent.If I was just reviewing the food I'd give this resutaurant 4 stars but unfortunately I have to take into consideration the service. We had a variety if foods at our table. I was totally excited for the beef cheeks and grits. They were ok.  I've had better. They were very smokey. The spicy lamb sandwich was delicious. But be warned it is spicy!  The open face pork loin sandwich was also tasty. It is a huge sandwich. The oyster sandwich was declared yummy by those who had it. I'm just not an oyster fan. We had the stuffed peppers for an appetizer. They were a hit. Not too spicy. Just right. My complaint is with the service. We had a table for 9. All but one entree was brought out. No explanation of where the last one was. No apology by the server. No let me check on it for you. Just nothing. Finally when the table had finished eating I went to complain to the manager. Amazingly I got my entree post haste. He was very apologetic and comped my meal and the appetizers. Which was extremely nice of him. Our server had nothing to say. She didn't even tell me my meal was comped. I had to ask her. She seemed very unconcerned about the service she provided us. So overall the food was very good not delicious and OUR server was unconcerned about us.Ok, so I've been here a number of times. For someone who's in the city only 3 times a year, probably too much. But they have my favorite dish. The mousse and biscuits are crazy good. CRAZY GOOD! I've had the biscuits at BBB in Oxford and at Olamaie in Austin, but these are my favorite. Then top them with creamy salty chicken mousse and you've reached nirvana. So here's the plan: get some oysters and a cocktail at Seaworthy, then walk two doors down to Balise and get the mousse with biscuits. Done. Perfect.I love that more and more restaurants are popping up in the CBD and I don't have to drive anywhere to get my grub on. My boo and I opted to share a few tapa-sized dishes including the venison tartare and citrousy white fish (can't remember what it was exactly but it was the better of the two IMO; I'd get it again in a heartbeat). This was prepared at their raw station or "garde manger" located at the end of the bar. We also had the shrimp bisque with deep-fried oysters (winner!), hand cut fries and chicken wings (dry unfortunately) with brussel sprouts. And we ended with the sticky toffee pudding (YES, do it!). He got a whiskey cocktail (didn't rave but didn't complain) and I had some sort of  full-bodied wine - their cocktail, wine and beer menu is quite extensive and we ordered based off the server's suggestions (end of day, limited attention span). 
Other notes: 
- Decor: dark and moody; simple. No embellishments or fluff. 
- Staff: VERY attentive, but not in annoying intrusive way. 
- Space is small so it would be challenging to fit a large group (4+) without reservations
- Men with big appetites beware, you're going to have to order quite a bit of food to fill up. My guy came home and basically ate a second meal to satiate his hunger.Outstanding good , service and atmosphere- the service was intimate- food over the top fabulous- unfortunately we couldn't try it all at one dinner- I look forward to returning soon!Wonderful restaurant, I've been there twice in the last month and both times were great. Get the chicken liver mouse, it's served with jam and biscuits and is fantastic.From start to finish this was the definition of perfection, balance, and innovation! Our server Natalie really made our experience with her knowledge and recommendations. The food, cocktails, and staff were all 5 stars in my eyes. Don't miss a chance to eat at Balise! We'll be back for sure.I recently had brunch here with a large group and the consensus was this definitely a spot worth revisiting.  
The brunch menu is not as extensive as I'm used to but it appears there was a considerable amount of thought put into the dishes on the menu.  Quality is prioritized over quantity of selection.  I ordered the buttermilk biscuits and gravy and apple fritters.  The gravy was a meat stock based gravy but did not have chunks of meat.  This may be important to note for people who are vegetarian or don't eat red meat or pork like myself.  I'm not such a stickler for meat stock in dishes but others may be.  That aside, the gravy which was seasoned with tarragon was delicious.  The biscuits were perfect with just the right amount of density.  And the eggs were perfectly seasoned with almost a buttery flavor.  It's not often that I don't have to add salt and pepper to scrambled eggs - these were good!  The apple fritters were tasty as well.  I think a bit overcooked and slightly heavy but the caramel sauce was a nice touch.
An unexpected delight was the Irish coffee.  I didn't order one of my own by tasted my friends.  That was a very well done Irish coffee.  The whiskey was not overpowering but all of the flavors of the coffee seemed to complement one another.  
Our waitress was excellent.  Very patient and attentive and she even split the checks for 13 people.  We weren't expecting that but were very appreciative.  The only minor complaint was the long gap between the regular coffee refills, but I really think that's because they brew the coffee in smaller batches than most restaurants.  The manager was also wonderful.  He spent a few minutes to show us the dinner menu and explain some of the more popular dishes.  
The menu is a bit on the pricey side but I'm not especially bothered by that as the food and service were both on point.  I enjoyed this brunch and will be back.I finally made it to Balise after having had it on my list for too long! I was meeting a friend who moved away from NO and was visiting. She and I weren't terribly hungry and wanted to try a lot of things, so we ordered a number of the small plates to share.
We had the radishes and a drum dip (cold app special of the day), then the cobia, rigatoni, and Brussels sprouts. I loved the drum dip. The cobia was perfectly cooked. I absolutely love the texture of that fish. The rigatoni was good but too salty. The peanut romesco on the Brussels sprouts is out-of-control good. And we were actually pretty satisfied after those.
I'd love to go back and try some more items!Here's the low down on Balise: Atmosphere 4, Food 5, Service 4, Value (price/portion size) 3
The atmosphere has a wonderful 'warehouse' feel to it; warm, exposed brick, and cool art on the wall. They have a great bar downstairs and a fancy cocktail list to go with it. We dined upstairs, which is just as nice and cozy but bit louder. They do serve the full menu at the bar. The service was attentive and alert and our waitress was great. The only negative aspect of our experience was the overall price per portion size, which I would expect from a place like August, but not Balise.
Favorites:
BBQ Shrimp - Delicious. I shared this on Valentine's Day and they were kind enough to split the dish into two smaller ones to make the sharing easier.
Beef Tartar - Excellent, the bit of sauce it's served with really makes it. Only complaint would be the lack of hard bread to eat it with (we finished it by just scooping it into our mouths with a fork)
The Potato Gratin, Brussel Sprouts, and Veal Sweetbreads were all excellent, but the above mentioned two were our personal favorites, but you could not go wrong with any!Loved it!!!  My daughter and I split several appetizers.  The beets, radishes, Baked Rigatoni, and oysters!!  Beets were good as well as oysters. Radish dish was a little too much radishes!!  The Baked Rigatoni was fantastic!!!  Main dish we split the fish of the day and it was delicious!!!  Cocktails and wine were awesome!!!! Great wait Staff!!! JB was so nice and informative!!  Can't edit to go back!!Small menu but truly fantastic food. We had a party of seven on a Saturday night and the kitchen didn't miss a beat.  Great fish, wonderful chicken, inventive appetizers and desserts. Nice New Orleans atmosphere but the dining room is loud. Try the horseradish green beans!This was a great experience. The food was delicious and they also had a great drink menu with some really creative concoctions. The lamb and sausage meatballs were delicious with a kick. We also got the tenderloin which melted in your mouth and the flounder special topped with oyster mushrooms which was amazing. We stopped at the extensive bar after eating for an after dinner drink. A bit pricey but worth it. I would definitely recommend a visit if looking for a great atmosphere and amazing food.Came here on a rainy Sunday with my husband for late lunch.  Called La Petite Grogery to see if they were open and was directed to this new sister restaurant that luckily stays open through the day.
The bar is nice and long and wooden and was backed by 2 bartenders who were pleasant, efficient, and made great drinks.  The food - delish.  The menu seems like upgraded pub fare, but not too upgraded, if you know what I mean.  Tasty and refined and very very satisfying.  
We'll be back.Liked the atmosphere, the staff was incredibly knowledgeable and attentive, helped me and my friend pick out the perfect wines. The food was phenominal, I had a peach salad and the braised lamb which was so flavorful and tender. We also were given several items compliments of the chef which was nice. Overall great food and great experience, would definitely go back.This wonderful, subtle jewel of a Tavern is tucked away in the warehouse District just a short walk from the business district. The atmosphere is quiet, refined, and understated. Dress is business casual. We enjoyed an amazing appetizer of blistered shishito peppers with bleu cheese and a spicy aioli with the perfect amount of kick. I had the evening's  special of smoked drum melt served with fresh herbs and greens accompanied by crisp herbed French fries. I highly recommend the chocolate creme brulee which is topped with a pert little peanut butter cookie for an excellent flavor and texture counterpoint.  When you visit, ask for Kearney as your server. Extremely knowledgeable about food and mood. His recommendations were superb.Wow, just found out that Balise is the second restaurant from Justin Devillier of the much adored La Petite Grocery...no wonder everything was so on point here!
While the restaurant seems to still be in its infancy, I have nothing but confidence that it will take off.  Before even getting to the food, I was blown away by the execution of the signature cocktails here and the creativity behind each concoction.  The Trivet, a bourbon-based drink using Old Grand-Dad, was exquisitely balanced and elevated by the herbaceous tones of not only the rosemary syrup, but also the decorative shrub that really hit the olfactory senses.  To follow, The Anti-Churchill's gin-forward notes and mild sweetness was similarly tasty.
For smaller bites, the pickled quail eggs did a nice job of whetting our appetites.  We were then enraptured by the crazy derricious roasted brussies that had such wonderful flavors from the peanut romesco.  It almost reminded me of peanut sauce used in Southeast Asian cuisine given the use of nuts, but the flavors were also sweet and spicy in a style that was clearly different.  Not surprisingly, we ordered and devoured a second order with hesitation.
For the main course, the cornmeal fried gulf fish was seriously magical - the cornmeal crust possessed such delicateness and the tender fish inside...seasoned perfectly.  And while the accompaniments generally don't make a huge splash, I was taken by the excellent char on the napa cabbage.
To round things out, our server did a fantastic job taking care of us with timely visits, spot on recommendations for both food & drink, and even going above & beyond to provide us with a hand-written list of the ingredients of the peanut romesco when we inquired about what made those brussies taste so damn good.Terrific food with a great staff. I asked our server for recommendations and everything was a hit from the appetizers to the chicken main course. Her recommendations for desert was also spot on.  A definite stop on my next visitThis place is excellent!  I highly recommend it to anybody looking for uniquely prepared dishes in a relaxed atmosphere.  There is a bar with two dining areas downstairs.  Inside and outside dining available.  Upstairs is another room and also tables on balcony. There was nothing about this place that disappointed.  The decor is simple yet interesting. 
      The service was great-very friendly, fast and knowledgable. Every dish was delicious. The menu is small but after trying a few things we understood why.  There is no need for anymore than they offer-everything is GREAT!  The wine list was excellent as well with some nice French selections at nice prices.  It can get a little loud in the upstairs dining room but not much different than most Nola restaurants.  I will definitely be back soon to try brunch!  Can't wait!
     Also, love their uptown establishment- la petite grocery!Had the octopus as appetizer and mussels (on appetizer menu) as entree.  Both were delicious.  Portions for mussels were huge.  Table of 8 had a variety of appetizers, entrees, and desserts...everyone raved about their dish.  Tried the lemon icebox pie and it was divine.  Nice restaurant with great service.  Was not very busy on a weekday evening.Great atmosphere.  Good burger and a happy hour in the CBD. Stopped in here before a Pelicans game. Friendly host and good service. Feels like you could be in the french countryside. We will be back for another HH.Fabulous! Great bar atmosphere + creative cocktails- makes me wish I lived in the CBD. Sampled several dishes including broccoli rabe, pickled quail eggs, roasted parsnips, and an amazingly different take on chicken wings! Loved the different vinaigrettes used on our dishes. Thoughtfully composed & simple. Definitely be back.We got here and are flashed from this amazing food! I've never tasted sea food ever before, it was just as perfect as it could! THX for that special evening!
Also a special thx to the best bartender Joseph who took take of us and mixed the best drinks !Service: 3 , Food: 3, Drinks: 4, Atmosphere: 4, Hostess: 2
Recommended for Happy Hour or casual date night (not first date/not celebrations).  
Made reservations for an early dinner for date night on a Friday night. Other than the hostess station - this place is a decent addition to the current food scene. You'll have to pay for parking if you go before 7 p.m., but even during rush hour it wasn't hard to find a spot close to the restaurant - that's a plus. 
Happy Hour was still in effect, which we were able to partake in since we sat in the front area. The Happy Hour menu has cocktails, wine & beer, plus food: oysters & small plates, so this is reason enough to visit if you're already in the area. We started off with some fries and oysters, wine and a sazarac. Everything was delicious! The oysters are varying in size, but for a Happy Hour price, can't fault them there. The second drink I ordered off the regular menu, 1589 Sour , was very good - original & interesting. You can taste that the bartender(s) knows what they're doing. 
We learned that Coolinary week had just started. There were things on the Coolinary menu not offered on the regular menu, so we decided to go that route. We each ordered different options for each course. The apps were OK. The pork was a huge serving, more meal-like than app, while the shrimp was super tiny with 3 shrimp and a ton of uncooked grape tomatoes. The entrees: the pasta was amazing, and by far the best part of the meal, but the open faced sandwich had burnt bread and literally a cup of dill on top of the salted fish. Unfortunately the waiter wasn't around at this point to check on us - so after a while I just pulled the dill off and ate the fish, which was good. For dessert the waiter brought me cheesecake, but forgot my husband's ice cream - which seemed odd - but he was getting busy at this point. He took a while to come back around for us to tell him that we were missing a dessert, at which point my husband was just ready to go (we'd already finished mine). The waiter said he would fix us right up, and when he brought the check, he brought the ice cream in a to-go container with to-go spoon. Overall found the food to be hit & miss in serving size and taste. Not sure if that's just because it was Coolinary menu or if they simply make certain dishes better than others. 
The hostess situation - um - wow - just... no. Not even worth discussing on a review, but management - please take note that your hostess is the first impression of your restaurant and right now your hostess station is not a reflection of the restaurant and actual dinning experience you provide.We stopped by for a drink on the way to dinner and weren't disappointed. The cocktails are well crafted and service attentive. 
Given the fact that this is another restaurant by Justin Devillier of La Petite Grocery, I have no doubt that the food is even better than the cocktails.Excellent experience with delicious food! Started with very tasty shaved Brussels sprouts, great as a shared salad. My chicken Breast in veloute sauce was perfectly cooked, and hubby's pulled pork was declared  'perfect'. Side dish of sliced cucumber/tofu/cilantro was refreshing against our main dishes. And dessert!--best stickey toffee pudding ever! And the chocolate sorbet was excellent : not too sweet and very very dark chocolaty flavor!
Altogether great culinary experience .Absolutely amazing! I'm a foodie and I can tell you this place is absolutely wonderful! I was really impressed. Food was so so delicious....we had Chicory Rubbed Cobia, Raw Oysters, Beef Tartare and Buttermilk Biscuits and I really can't decide the best one here....Oyster were nice and fresh, beef tartare was fresh and it was melting in your mouth, Cobia very delicate and amazingly cooked and buttermilk biscuits was served with a lovely liver mousse...so yummy!  I asked for cocktail (Negroni) which was not on the menu but they've been happy to prepare it for me and they did an excellent job! I have also to say the service was top notch...the waiter was very helpful and always ready for us without being over attentive. Thank you guys we really enjoyed your restaurant...I will definitely recommend it to anyone who want to experience something exceptional! Keep up the excellent work! One of the best restaurants I tried in a very long time! 110% Happy customer:) DanieleI am a huge fan of La Petite Grocery and I am confident this place will improve with time, if it has not already.  However, we went there during the week it opened and there were a few things that really surprised me.  
#1 we ordered the beef tartare and it did not come with a  single cracker, crisp, bread, nothing!  While the beef tartare was delicious, I did not enjoy having to just spoon it into my mouth.  The waitress informed us that the restaurant just does not have bread / does not serve that dish with anything else- well they should!
#2 our second dish was seafood and we have to ask (twice) for new plates and cutlery.  It appeared that our waiter did not understand why we would not want to eat fish off the same plate, etc as we had just used for raw beef.
#3 same as #2 above but for the next course.
I expect more from someone who has successfully run another restaurant.  Pretty disappointing experience-wise for the price.  But overall the food was pretty good.Too hip for a party of 7. Amazed how rude they treated a group of us willing to pay for drinks and food. Wish I could recommend but they suffer from an all too typical hipster attitude.  Food  was good but from the manager on down our table was treated with disdain throughout our meal. Disappointing because it could have been a great meal.We had a great meal and a wonderful evening! The staff and service were attentive but didn't smother. The food was amazing, utilizing local and seasonal fare. Will definitely visit again when in NOLA!Over priced loud and the food was certainly not as good as I expected considering I read reviews. Don't feel I will go backMy boyfriend and I stopped in for dinner and sat at the bar.  We thought it was a good idea.
We decide to start with a dozen raw oysters, and on the menu it just says market price. Of course I didn't think to ask, but they came out really small and watery.. it was $30! Disappointment. The bartender recommended the bake rigatoni and it was super salty! I could barely eat it. We decided to share the hanger steak which was delicious!! It took Forever for our food to come out and the restaurant wasn't even busy. It also took another 30 mins just for the bartender to run our card. At the end of dinner I was just frustrated and ready to leave.This was a delicious dinner! Cocktails were on point, mussels appetizer was the best I've had and main dishes were amazing. The ambiance was cool southern but modern at the same time.
I highly recommend it!Had brunch this time.  Roasted oysters were exquisite. Chicken fried steak was a delicious upscale version. Flawless service. Highly recommended.The shrimp and grits were Delicious!  The blueberry Cheesecake ice cream sandwich cookie w/fresh blueberries and cappuccino were a nice desert compliment as well!