The music is always great, but the service was very bad. It took 1/2 hour for us to get waited on, then we finally ordered our drinks were brought maybe 20 minutes later by this girl with a horrible attitude. Drinks were watered down as if they were hanging out at the bar. Then we ask the original waiter if we could check out since the girl waiter with the attitude wasn't even looking at us anymore. Then signing the receipt was like signing a home mortgage. We finally got out of there wondering if this happens to everyone.This place probably deserves 3.5 stars.  It's a nice bar to have a beer and listen to some music. We came around 6 pm, which is probably not the peak of the evening, but we got to listen to a young jazz trio that was pretty good. The staff was not particularly friendly.We needed a break from Bourbon street and I really wanted to enjoy live music, so we went to Frenchmen Street and were drawn in by the blues music played here. It was exactly what we were looking for. 
It does get pretty crowded inside but there's also plenty of seating and if you can get a table, the servers are quick to ask if you need anything and serve you right away. Just be careful not to stand in the way of service or you'll be elbowed around. Drinks were fine and prices were average. Don't forget to tip the awesome band if you enjoy the music!Great music, service attentive, decent draft beer selection! We came in because the Friday afternoon music was fantastic. Don't know whybthis place wasn't packed to the limit!
The atmosphere is cozy with lots of brick and wood, and the other people (a seeming 50/50 mix of tourists and locals) were having a great time too.
The place was not heavily energetic (so if you're looking for a wild place, Friday afternoons may not be the place) but did have a chill and lively vibe. 
The band we saw is here every Friday and we would definitely come again at the same time. We'd even check it out this evening!Great band! Good fried pickles, really good service.I think I heard the best bands here during my time in New Orleans, although not one venue that we went to had bad music.
I came here on Saturday and Sunday night, and on both the place was hopping. Be mentally prepared to stand to watch the bands. And if you do snag a seat odds are the view won't be ideal. Both nights we weren't up close, but it's very loud so you'll at least be able to hear the music. 
On Sunday we were nearly at the second stage (which didn't have a band at it). That night we snagged some fried pickles, and they were mighty tasty! Definitely pop in here if you're on Frenchmen: the no-cover charge was also a bonus (although most venues don't seem to have a cover, but a few do).Nice atmosphere and it was the only bar on Frenchman street that was playing music @ 1 on a Sunday. Our server was a sweetheart and the music vibe was good. Had some appetizers and a got to watch the game all while listening to sounds of New Orleans.This place will make a local out of me someday.  Great music, food and drinks.  Great atmosphere on Frenchmen street.The service was awful and I would not recommend this place.  The waitress pushed us to order drinks repeatedly but we had to push her to take our food order.  We sat for over an hour waiting for our food. The waitress said the kitchen was the hold up yet every table near us ordered after us & received their food well before us.  When we complained, the waitress brought us extra dressing...but nothing to put it on.  Several of the orders were wrong & we ultimately gave up on 2 of them yet they still appeared on the receipt initially. We did not feel the waitress deserved the full group gratuity that was added to the receipt.My wife and I live in the lower Quarter and walk Frenchmen almost every night so we have popped in Bamboula's many times for a drink and to hear one of our favorite local artists.  Last night we decided we would try the food - which we haven't since the first week Bamboula's was open.    In a nut shell we ordered food  - paid for it,  took their little sign to our table so they would bring it to us,  ask about it after 30 mins and were told "oh you're up next - stay at your table and we will bring it,  waited another 30 mins for it,  didn't get it and all of a sudden they had never seen our heard of us - and then we were insulted in escalating fashion by a "manager" or two.    They were so condescending ....as if we had made the big scheme to sit and drink for an hour with the silly #23 sign at our table (Javier Gutierrez of Vivaz was great BTW...go see them, and Dana Abbott was great as usual)  so we could scam them out of a couple burgers.    And then I went back in out of principle to ask for my $ back they refused that too...some continuing talk of the receipt.   
We have a lot of very good choices in the lower quarter and the MarignyGreat live music , friendly service and tasty snacks!  It was a good choice for a stop on Frenchmen street as we were wandering around! Loved the fried green tomatoes!Great music venue on Frenchman Street with NO COVER!!! We were wandering around trying to hear some jazz, but everywhere was a bit above our budget.  We got to Bamboula's and walked right in.  Within a few minutes, another group left and we were able to get a table right next to the stage.  Had a few drinks, listened to some great music, and enjoyed the night!Great little bar/restaurant on Frenchman St.   No cover the night we went in, so not sure if there ever is one or not. 
Walk in and there is a long bar on the left and a band stage on the right with a few tables in front of the stage and on the side. A little further into the place shows that there are way more tables and I believe a few booths.  
The music that drew us into the place was fabulous. I know the night before we had walked past and they had a great band that night as well. Looking for great music?? Check this place out. I was able to buy a CD of the band - so glad that I did. Still cant say enough about how fabulous they were. 
The food was delicious! I had the shrimp Po' Boy. with some fries. Bartender was always on key with a fresh beer as soon as I finished one. Shrimp Po'Boy came out and WOW!! It was huge !! The bartender actually laughed at me when I went to try and eat it. Fresh French bread - crunchy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside. Large size shrimp, fried perfectly, a little sauce and some lettuce. Simple and delicious. You must try this po'boy if you go here. Unfortunately I was unable to eat it all, I did try my very very best though. 
Good cold beer? Great music? Fantabulous food? YES, YES and YES. Check this place out if you are on Frenchmen St.Awful service! If you are visiting NOLA save your time and $ and don't walk into this place. We went for drinks and Tacos on a Tuesday night. We didn't go for the insectarium, but got it! We all had the tacos and as we were eating a cockroach came out of one of the tacos on our friends plate. She quickly ran it over to show the staff and from there faces they saw it also. The manager came to our table rudely asking "what is the problem" . As we explained the situation he offered to comp the ONE plate of tacos. All of us at the table ordered the same tacos and quickly lost our appetites after seeing this roach. This manager agreed he wouldn't eat it either if he saw the roach. We said we would gladly pay for our drinks.... but we couldn't even eat our food and he clearly saw that. The waitress who quickly brought the food to the kitchen disagreed about seeing the roach!! It was a live roach, i hope it ran into her hair! No customer service here at all. This place is a big fat zero star!!Music was great! But there was a live cockroach enjoying the music in my friends fish taco. Right away my friend takes the taco to the bar to let them know. Everyone on our table stopped eating their food. Unfortunately, I finished my fish tacos..maybe the hot sauce killed the bacteria. Anyways, one of the waitresses comes by and says I can't find the cockroach.  Well, it probably took off to venture some were else. The manager, Frank, comes by and says the he can only take off the 1 dish that had the cockroach and wouldn't refund the other fish taco dishes that we stopped eating!  He agreed if he was in the same situation, he wouldn't eat the rest of the food. But there was no empathy or customer service on his end...he didn't mind having a bad review after we told him we were going to give one. He didn't mind getting the bad review.  Our waiter was apologetic and understanding and said that they have a customer service line to call.  Anyways, check your food for bugs before eating and enjoy the live entertainment.Lots of room, tables and dancing space.
Great music the night we were there.
Recommend!My husband and I were passing by this bar when we heard an amazing band . We couldn't help but go inside. We had such a great experience. Great, fun service. They don't cram tables in there. You actually had room to breathe and listen to the smooth jazz soundsWe were extremely disappointed in the lack of professionalism displayed for our group of seven. Even though gratuity was included, I felt that it was a service unworthy of our time and money. Burgers were over cooked, fries were cold and the last plate was brought out to the table almost fifteen minutes after we received the first two. I am impressed as to how things could be so butchered and this was only a fraction of the complaints we had. 
When I come back, I sure as hell won't be dining or drinking at your establishment.All the stars here are for the live music. It was excellent.
Service was not great. It was a holiday weekend and it must be the manager's first one because obviously they were not prepared. It was not a well oiled machine. All the servers didn't even say a word to each other. Sat for 45 minutes, invisible. 
The beers are good but is that really to their credit? 
Important:
DO NOT EAT HERE.
Food was horrible. It's a bit later on in the evening and even though I'm not that hungry, I *have* to get something right now, even if it's just to get the awful taste of that crap grease out of my mouth.
Go have dinner somewhere else, and then come and enjoy the atmosphere and the music here.Great server, cold beer, typical bar food, clean air/smoke free, good live music, New Orleans vibes, clean bathrooms, this mid day afternoon.  Y'all come on in!!!The security guard DEMANDED to see our service dog's papers and ID papers. There is no such thing, according to LA & federal law. I tried to help him understand this & he refused to listen. I asked for a manager, he refused to get one, told me I needed to get a police officer to prove myself. I refused to move until a manager was obtained, he started throwing the "f" word around, and got out his flip phone to call the police on me. I left to to call Bamboulas - while trying to leave a message, the security guard left his post to come down the street to harass us. I called for help and he replied "are you f***ing kidding me?!" We have filed a complaint with the ADA from Miason, a GREAT bar next door.Food is pretty good for a bar! Live music is awesome! Great bands, great beer, super nice serversGreat food and great music! I happened to walk in during lunch when a band is just finish setting up and started their show. The vibe was nice. The fried seafood basket we got was really good. Plenty of food for two people. I went back later that night. It was still poppingWhat do you do when you're strolling around NOLA in the late morning ... find a place that serves $5 margaritas.  This place has a great ambiance. 
Great drinks' and a very good 3 piece band made my morning.
Too bad we found Bamboula's so late in our trip. I would love to have tried some of their food.Great location on Frenchmen Street to listen to live music, get a drink and grab a bite. We had their po' boy sandwich and fried green tomatoes...simply delicious!! We loved the decor and the open door access to the street...our waitress was super nice and personable! Only down side, we had to wait a loonnngggg time for our food and drinks.  Maybe it's a Big Easy thing not to rush but it was an excessive wait to get our drinks and food.Not a great experience. The place looked pretty good and I saw coconut shrimp on the menu, so I went in. The band was good and the place is new and clean but the food is not at all good and I was not too happy with one of the servers. 
So, the woman who took our drinks order asked what my party wanted. I'd already had a drink elsewhere that was pretty strong and didn't want alcohol. I was ordering food, so I forgot I was in a bar, not a restaurant, and said, "just water for me." I don't hear so well and the music was pretty loud, so I turned my attention back to the musicians when the server started yelling, "Ma'am, Ma'am!" at me. When that got my attention, she informed me there was a one drink minimum. Fine. I ordered a soda water with a squeeze of lime. The waitress didn't have to take that tone.
Needless to say, I was less than happy when the shrimp came. The guy who brought the shrimp seemed nice enough, unlike the drinks waitress, but then there was the food. It was FIVE, count them, FIVE shrimp which were undoubtedly frozen, not fresh, extremely greasy, and with a very thick, overcooked crust on them. This cost over $10.  I will not be darkening the door of this establishment again and take it as a sign of the deterioration of Frenchmen Street, which has become Bourbon Street Jr. Why two stars? The decent band and the clean bathroom.We stopped in for drinks and music.  The band was awesome.  The $5 hurricanes hit the spot.  The customers were very laid back sitting listening to the music. Definitely much better than the bourbon street crowds Only critique would be that our waiter had no personalityThis is the type of place I think of when I think New Orleans.
Awesome crowd, amazing band and a great atmosphere when sipping on some local Abita beer.
I would love to come back and I highly suggest anybody looking for a great New Orleans time to head here. Stay away from Bourbon and hang out on Frenchmen.Stumbled upon the grand opening last night and a friendly bouncer welcomed us in. The space is nice and clean with plenty of seating and tables. It had sort of a sit down vibe like Three Muses but the place is wider and the stage is larger. The beer and liquor offerings seemed pretty typical for Frenchmen. Will still need to hit dba for a beer selection. There was a food counter in the back too. See photo for items. 
One of the bartenders mentioned that the back space was going to become and concert hall type space. We didn't stay very long because we weren't feeling the country twang band, but I'd check this place out again to see what kind of music they present.Great ambiance, great music, friendly service.
Not my first time here, and hopefully not rhe last.  Worth a visit!Pretty cool place, popped in to hear some music and relax and it was just the spot. The band was great, and the guitar player had some chops! So I was able to geek out on that. :D 
Our server gets 5 stars. The name on the check said Courage, so I believe that was her name. Very nice and friendly, took care of us, brought us tasters of local beers, and was overall friendly and funny. 
Beers were good, I went through a coupe of the local beers, I think Abita and some others. 
Overall cool place, good music, cold beers. Nice spot to relax in the Big Easy.Excellent drinks; bartenders know their stuff, however food service was terrible. After an hour still had no service. Live music was great; so if you just want drinks and a great band, check it out.  Just don't come hungrySweet potato fries and Bloody Mary's for jazz on Sunday afternoon?  Must be Bamboula's on Frenchmen in NOLA!  Great place to chill and relax.The good: the live music (everyday) was great as was the people watching. Who can get enough of older and younger couples alike dancing their butts off? The strawberry Abita (seasonal) on tap was also a definite plus.
The bad: when we came, we came for both food and drinks. We walked up to the back ordering bar to order our food and the guy there was not happy to have to go fetch a menu so we could see all they offer. As we waited for him to return, a waitress told us we could just sit and she would take care of us. So we did. Order taking guy was not pleased. So my boyfriend orders a soda and I ordered my beer. Strange looks he just ordered a soda. Hey, some people don't drink! So we get our drinks and it takes a good while to place our order. Then the waiting really begins. We alert the waitress that we have work soon and can't be here too long. She comes back apologizing because "the printer that prints out orders was offline." Then how did other tables who ordered right before and right after us get their food?? Hmm. Unclear on whether she said she was just taking the food off the bill or was just canceling it altogether, my boyfriend goes to ask her to clarify but waitress was too frantic to give an answer. After 45 mins we finally got our bar food.
Moral: come here if you have time (and patience) to sit and chill for a bit. Great atmosphere, somewhat lacking service. The food did all eventually arrive. Chicken tenders get an A, fries get a B-, Mac and cheese gets a D, friend green tomatoes get an A. And the food was in fact not comped off at all. I did get a free beer but did not drink it as I usually only have one drink anywhere I go. Would've told the waitress that if she stuck around a few more minutes.A great atmosphere but the food is subpar. Catfish poboy is good but the burger I ordered was over cooked and flavorless. Good alcohol selectionMusic is GREAT. But do not even try to get a drink in the front bar.  The bar tender saw me standing with my money and continued to ignore me.  The woman beside me said that the bar tender was nasty to her.  Finally, the bar tender came over and said in a real snarky way..."you know we can see you."  Then she just walked away. Guess my Money not important to this bar. So I just listened to the music.  Good deal for me.It's a barish restaurant with cafe-like tables and chairs so it's not elbow-to-elbow room here.  Come for a drink and enjoy some live music while you're at it.  
Drink prices are really cheap here so that's a plus.  Defintely one of the nicer, non-dingy bars on Frenchman Street.Good music, but the service is probably the worst I have ever had. Took forever for anyone to acknowledge us, then once our drink order was taken it took 20 min. just to get them. Forget about actually having your server check on you.Fantastic new music venue on Frenchmen St. 
Came in on opening night and the staff was friendly and welcoming. They have a nice size stage for performances, plenty of seating and they serve food! The place is beautifully done with murals on the walls and an entirely renovated space. The band was on a break for most of the time that we were here, but I will definitely be back to check out everything that this new venue has to offer.Nice security guy at the door, great music.  After 20 minutes sitting at a table waiting for someone to take our drink/food orders, we left.  No one needs to be thirsty in NOLA.Comparing this place to the others I popped in on, it was pretty cool. Needed a little something on the stomach(ya know) so I had the crab cakes. Surprising to me, they were better tasting, had more crab and nicely prepared with sauce and few veggies. I also liked the size of the place with the stage in the back although only one band was playing then.Excellent crab cakes, jazz and blues! You can't go wrong. Rachel, our bartender, was friendly and full of great information about tours, food and local must see places to visit.Don't order food here unless you have a few hours to kill. The service is entirely too slow. I know we're in the South, and things move slower here, but the service here is a 7 car pileup. It wasn't very busy tonight, but they are understaffed for the business. The music and drinks are fine, but the food service isn't worth the wait.Pretty decor and great music...but, they need a new bar manager. After only two nights being open half of their draft beers are out and they barely had any wines to drink as of 8pm.Checked this place out at 11pm on a Wednesday night, had ID checked and asked to respect the 1 drink minimum to enjoy the live music, which seemed reasonable. Really great talent, seriously good live music, so it was totally worth it. Better music than was being played anywhere else on Frenchman street.Originally my bf and I wanted to check out the DBA because yelpers gave the place great reviews for jazz but unfortunately their performers wouldn't be on stage until 11pm after the saints game. No biggie we decided to walked down frenchman street, and check out the art alley. We were passing bambolas when we heard a cover band playing some bomb music and decided to chill and have a couple of drinks there. Walked up to the bar got our abitas and found a place to sit. Very chill atmosphere, great drinks, good food, and awesome music.the real deal for authentic NOLA! excellent music, food is good, drinks keep comin' - highly recommend this spot for real, live music and typically amazing dancing to watch or partake in!Don't want to judge based on a Saturday afternoon. Just okay blues. Bartender insisted a friend tip for a cup of water (after we picked up a round of drinks), just not great.Go early and stake out a table. The food is great, and the bands will make you want to dance!  We went on a Saturday night, so there was a crowd all night. The servers were really hoofing it to keep up with drinks and food orders, but managed to keep our group happy.Decided to stop here for a quick bite to eat while exploring Frenchmen St. Live music was playing and there were plenty of people enjoying themselves, so it seemed like the right place.
Food service was a little slow, but with good music there was enough to fill the time. Food was pretty good, most notably the burger. Server was polite (but again, pretty slow). All in all, worth the visit. But I wouldn't focus on this place for the food specifically.
I'd come back again, but probably just for a drink and some music.
AND THAT'S THE WORD! (RIP Colbert Report...)The place was ok, nothin special. The server was friendly and I did like the band and female performer. They have seating at the bar, on dining tables, and high top tables. There's some room to dance as well.  However, nothin for me to return to.We loved this bar for the live music, ambiance and beer selection. We saw swing 17 play here and were enthralled.I came here Wednesday night it is a nice chill spot. I didn't eat here but the live music was great , server was attentive, and  my Long Island was good and strong lol  lots of other live music to enjoy on street as well.Come for the jazz, but don't stay for the terrible service. It took over 45 minutes to be even approached by a server, another 30 for the food to come out, and even then two orders were missing for another 10-15 minutes. We asked to speak to a manager, and despite telling him we did not want another round of drinks to make up for the blunder, we were sent them anyways (which was only 4 out of 6 people...the two people with the missing orders were not even asked what they would like to drink...). Two stars is a generous rating for terrible Southern "hospitality"...and is really only a credit to the fantastic musicians. Additionally, to the waitstaff: please do shots out of sight of the tables that have been waiting far too long for their service - it doesn't help your cause.Sweet copper bar and ceiling. Very large place but open and comfortable. The live music was pretty good, that's what lured us in. Pretty good prices in the good draught beer (12-16oz.) friendly staff. Nice location. Would return for dinner. Did not eat, hence only 3 stars. Really liked the atmosphere. Bathrooms are the clean and well lit, same with restaurant/bar.I walked in and sat towards the back near the kitchen.  4 employees in the back cooking.  Not 1 glove.  Even watched one employee plate food with his bare hands.  All 4 of them handling raw and cooked food cross contaminating with bare hands and no one washed hands.  For obvious reasons I didn't stick around to try the food.After reading some of the reviews here we decided to make Bamboulas our first stop on Frenchmen's Street. We were excited by the promise of cheap drinks and decent live music. When we got there we went straight to the bar to get drinks. There were two of us, and we were served relatively quickly. We ordered two beers on tap, and after paying I put my change in my wallet in order to pull out some $1's to tip. As I was looking through my wallet the bar tender stood there waiting, and finally said--not even a minute later--"just a life tip, if you want good service at a bar and really if you are just being a decent person you should tip." I immediately apologized as I found my cash and told him I had never been planning on not tipping. He clearly did not care and brushed me off. Never have I been treated so rudely by a bartender. We will not be returning due to this service.Great place for music and drinks. We didn't order food but we sat near the kitchen and noticed orders sitting for quite a while before being delivered. Not sure how good those wereFavorite bar on Frenchman Street for music. Great drinks and amazing live music! Love it!Go for the food!  While listening to their nice band and drinking their nice beer, I got the munchies. Wow, good stuff!  I ordered the sweet potato fries, fried okra, and a slider trio of jerk chicken, pulled pork and brisket.  Awesome food made fresh and served with a smile.  Love this place.One of the first things I heard when I told friends that I was going to New Orleans was, "you have to go to Frenchman Street." I heeded that advice (obviously...) We were walking down the short stretch of Frenchman and across from the legendary Spotted Cat was Bamboula's. It was late afternoon and the doors were open and some really great sounding music completely lured us in. And we ended up staying....for three hours, through 2 more sets of Russell Welch's Hot Quartet (SO, SO GOOD!) The bloody marys were delicious! The wait staff couldn't have been nicer. We liked Bamboula's so much we stopped by 2 more times in the next 2 days. All of the music I've heard was great. And while it wasn't a place I'd thought of eating at, we split an oyster po'boy that was scrumptious. 
The music is free, which is a HUGE plus, but remember to tip the band!Stopped in for a quick drink and to listen to a few songs from the band.  They had ample seating and the drinks were fine.  I always love when bars have a self-serve water station.  It just makes the bartenders' and customers' lives so much easier.  The band playing at the time was pretty cool, but not sure we would have stopped in otherwise.Stopped here for lunch today and was not disappointed! The crab cakes and fried green tomatoes were delicious. As far as atmosphere and music goes, I'm not sure if I could've found any better. Would definitely recommend, at least for an appetizer.Heard this was the real Nola. Not disappointed. The drinks and live music were awesome. Live music WAS awesome. Go check it out.+ Great music (Kala Bazaar Swing Society and this Amy Winehouse tap-dancing look alike)
+ Not too claustrophobic
+ Usable two-stall restroom that didn't seem too dirty on a Saturday mid-day
+ Quick bar service
+ Accepts credit cards
- A little harsh with my friend and her Emotional Support AnimalAdorable spot!  Great music and friendly bartenders.  Off the main path so it feels a little more organic than right in the quarter.  It's also near some other really cool spots!  Check it out!!Came here while wandering around Marigny with some friends. The bar staff were friendly and the drinks prices were decent. What I appreciated was the fact that there was a live band, no cover and plenty of places to sit. It was a little on the loud side but not enough to be unable to hold a conversation. Definitely going to be a new addition to my Frenchman street itinerary.Excellent time had at this off-broadway location. Ziadaco was great to dance to, while the warm up band was traditional 1920 Big band Jazz. Food was actually decent. Video won't upload, only a picture.Great live music!! Great drinks, great crowd. Beautiful dive bar!! Ask the bartender to surprise youMusic is GREAT. But do not even try to get a drink in the front bar bitch waitress - standing with my money being ignored. She finally comes over and says "you know we can see you. ". Walked away. Guess my Money not important to this bar. Si listening to the music and not giving a tip. Good deal for me.Nice spot on Frenchman to watch some live music. I love the older style Pressed tin ceiling. it gives the place that old NOLA feel. The S/O and I have been going here for a few years off and on to catch some acts when we are in the area and always seem to have some fun...
They offer food also, but we've never tried anything...but after seeing the table next to ours last night, I might have to change that next time. Looked good. Drinks are priced about the norm for the area. I had an Amber for about $5...
if you are just walking Frenchman with nothing to do it's worth a stop in if they have music.Stole my credit card and the owner tried to charge $250.00 on it.  Of course any place on Frenchmen will have great music. Avoid these crooks at all costs.  Worst place in New Orleans.  Gives it a bad name.Great venue if you want to be able to sit and listen to good music. There are tables in the back where you can hear the music great without having to stand in a crowd up front. This puts Bamboula's apart from most other places on Frenchman where there is minimal seating. Drinks are good and reasonably priced. Didn't try the food but it looked like they have a nice bar/snacking menu.We always end up here for food and to pregame. The food is pretty good and the staff are all friendly. Live music and an overall awesome vibe without being too touristy. 
Do try: fried pickles, chicken tenders, loaded nachos, spin dip, coconut shrimp (small portion but delicious), fries
Be mindful : blues burger, hangover burger (over cooked and over salted)Stopped in here on our first night into town because the band was poppin. The door guy was nice and gave us the 2 last seats in the bar. We had a few drinks and a couple appetizers, the fried green tomatoes were yummy! So were the coconut shrimp. Bar tender was great and gave us a few tips for navigating the city. Great place to hear some music and grab a bite to eat.We dropped in for my boyfriend's birthday last night and had a good old time. The music drew us in and the music kept us there until the place shut down. Great band with some serious blues and solid cover choices. It was busy when we walked in but the crowd slowly faded down - it was a Sunday after midnight, after all. The drinks were reasonable and the crowd was mature - this ain't Bourbon Street (thank goodness).Great place. Wonderful music - we stopped by a couple times both during the day on Sunday and work night. Good drinks. Clean with nice décor and friendly atmosphere.We were lucky enough to find this place to spend a little time on a Wednesday afternoon.  The music was great, and the beer was cold - we'll be back!When you don't want the dirty gritty feeling of Bourbon Street there is always Frechman St. and with everyone talking about Bamboula's I had to check it out. This place was packed the live band was great playing awesome blues. The drinks were decently priced but the appetizers were pretty disappointing. Our waitress also wasn't very tentative and every time I wanted a drink just ended up walking over to the bar. Overall this place is a solid 3.Amazing food & music. Awful service. I think the wait staff is working hard but there's clearly no management and it's utter chaos took us an hour and a half to get a beer and a sandwich.