This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in US.i am a Chinese from Sichuan province and my friends and I all feel the taste is very authentic.Strongly recommend the lamb and Biangbiang noodle,beef soup.This place is great, two words, handmade noodles! A simple concept done right. Portions look small but are filling. Minimalist decor add to an elegant approach.Two words - beef soup. I am normally not a soup person but the homemade noodles and delicious broth and tender beef really hit the spot. We got take out and enjoyed our meal.This was my first time trying authentic Chinese food and omg I loveeeeeed it!!!!! 
My boyfriend and I got the curry bao, fried steamed bao, beef noodle soup, and biang biang noodles with lamb. The noodle dishes are very hearty and filling. It's not something I could eat often due to the high sodium but it's definitely a good comfort food after a long, hard day. I wish the baos had more filling but they were good nonetheless and tasted homemade. We'll definitely be back to try the duck and fish soon!I first came here a week or two after they opened and I was disappointed by the food and prices. But wow, have they stepped up their game-- the food is now excellent and the prices are extraordinarily reasonable. Two sizable vegan bao for $5, several specials under $10, etc. Look at their website, because the reviews on here no longer reflect their current menu. I was completely wrong and wish I'd given them a second chance a long time ago.
There weren't any other customers when I came in around 7:15 on a Wednesday, so I hope their lunch/weekend crowds are busier. I'd hate to see this place close. 
I think a lot of the more negative reviews are from when they were new and working out the kinks. It's too bad seeing them saddled with those reviews now that the restaurant has improved so much.What an interesting experience. As a self-proclaimed foodie, I'm ashamed to admit that I had tried neither bao nor freshly made noodles, so naturally when I heard about this place, I simply had to eat there.
I ordered the vegan bao and the zha jiang mian with extra vegetables on top. Of the two, my favorite was the bao--a pair of soft steamed dumplings filled with curried mung beans and mock duck. Delicious, and very kind of them to offer a veggie version. 
The noodles themselves were great--so thick and satisfyingly chewy, yet not at all tough. The sauce, I have to admit, was pretty one-note. It basically just tasted like heavy soy sauce with no sweetness or tanginess--not awful, but could have been better.
Price-wise it was about what you'd expect. I paid $15 for my meal before tax/tip.
All in all a cool little spot with a breezy, relaxed vibe. I'll probably go back to try the tea eggs and tea leaf salad.I am a huge fan of Yelp. I consistently refer to Yelp for restaurant reviews and when I came across the average rating for Bao & Noodle, I couldn't stay quiet. Bao & Noodle is a GEM. I often frequent Mopho, Red's and Pho Tau Bay for my Asian fix but Bao & Noodle has quickly become my favorite. The restaurant is laid-back, casual and inviting. The atmosphere is quiet and charming, come as you are. The menu ranges from vegan to carnivorous. The vegan Bao and the vegan noodle bowl both satisfy my comfort food cravings when I'm on a health kick, and the meat dishes are scrumptious. The ingredients are fresh and the flavors are clean and bold. Bao and Noodle deserves a 5 star rating, the quality and flavor is as good as it gets! Try it, you will not be disappointed!It was pretty good (the lamb noodles), but the portion that I got (one medium-sized bowl of noodles that was not very filling) for $14 was not worth it in my mind.
If I am really in a pinch and I am craving some noodles, I would probably come back to Bao & Noodle. Until then, I plan to keep my eyes peeled for other places to try.My go to place when I want to treat myself or for a special date night! The fish specials are always the bomb and the cumin lamb noodle dish is my favorite meal in the city!really good！..................really authentic Chinese food
 Recommend to friend. aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaSo wanted to like this place, but as others have noted, way overpriced and way underdelivered.  The concept is there, but none of the items we ate were particularly good.  And after spending $50 on 2 for lunch, we were still hungry for more food.  A sincere disappointment.  The menu is very limited in terms of interesting choices.  
Chinese is my favorite cuisine.  I would not return to this one.  Even if they doubled the size of the portions for the same price, it just wasn't very good.  People were nice and the place was clean, but I think the place is sincerely flawed in both concept and execution.I highly recommend this restaurant!!! As a northerner in China, I like the slow cooked pork(红烧猪蹄膀) and Biang biang noodle(biangbiang面) in this restaurant. It was really late when I visited the restaurant, but I got the last one fried steamed Bao(生煎包). It was delicious. Most crucially, the restaurant is not like other American Chinese restaurants that everything tastes same, but each dish with its own unique taste in here. It's really busy on Saturday.I am so sad that this restaurant was my last stop on my way out the NOLA door. If I had found it earlier I probably would have eaten here many more times before returning to Austin.  We were biking back from downtown and I was starving. This place had all of its windows and doors open to the gorgeous weather. They were about to close, but told us they'd take our order before the kitchen closed, as I'd been craving noodles the entire four days we were there, and hadn't been able to find a place to go.  We ordered the scallion pancakes and sheng jian bao for appetizers, which were both delicious! I ordered the beef chow fun, which was exactly the noodle dish I was craving. The noodles were made fresh, crispy and saturated in savory sauce.  I am still having dreams about those noodles, wishing I could find some here in Austin. The portions are a little on the small side, but honestly, the appetizers were more than enough to complete my experience. With the freshness of the food, as well as the expertise and care that goes into making it, I did not mind the price or the portions at all.  I will 100% come back here every time I visit New Orleans, and in the meantime will be searching for something similar here in my home town.生煎包和biang biang面很不错，包子的味道尤其正常，和国内包子铺口味差不多。据老板说是父辈有亲戚是国内来的，教给他们这些菜式。即便是外国人开的中餐馆，中餐味道一点不比中国人开的味道差，可以当作吃腻大油大酱的中餐的替代品。
Very good Chinese food. Especially recommend Fried steamed bao and biang biang noodles. Their recipe were taught by one of their relative from China, told by the waiter.I love this place!!!  Every bite has been wonderful.  My favorite has been the Pompano and I can't get enough of the Beef Soup!!   And I work close enough to have my dinner delivered to me!!!I agree with most of the comments in regards to the portion to price issue. I had the (small) bowl of shrimp with sticky rice cake for $14 - way overpriced in comparison to the size, and for only four shrimp, which were just okay. Certainly didn't blow me away. As far as the atmosphere and service, there isn't much at all. It didn't help that it smelled like the food was being burnt in the kitchen the whole time I was waiting for my meal, and I was only spoken to by the staff after my meal when I was leaving. This needs some work.. Probably won't be coming back.Ate very well here on a busy Saturday night with two specials and one tasty menu item. The former were grilled cauliflower in sauce and pork bao (pot-stickers to me). From the menu we chose curried lamb on noodles which was tasty. The soya-based sauce served with the flavourful stuffed bao was unremarkable but the sauce on the cauliflower was superb (we scooped up what remained with our noodles). The bill for food was $29 including tip and very good value I would say. Although one can BYOB, they also offer delivery service from Grande Krewe, a reliable nearby wine merchant, so we phoned-in for a bottle of Portuguese wine (perhaps an odd pairing) which was also very good value at $18. We'll be back!Dear "yelpers". Shutuuuuuuuuuuuuup. "Granted, I'm not from NYC"...but what the fuck. You are ruining yelp for me. Who walks into a place planning on writing a review? I don't trust your reviews or your palate. You are ruining a good resource for the rest of us. Bao is fire, great work y'all :)))Not too crowded during weekday dinner times. I saw people bring in wine so I guess they're ok with BYOB? 
Cumin Braised Lamb Noodles: This was super yummy, I had a few bites of it. The sauce was very rich and a bit spicy. The noodles are definitely not your typical noodles, but amazing -- they are freshly made, soft and chewy. The lamb was very tender and well-seasoned. I'd get this next time!
Dan Dan Noodle with Pork: I really liked the housemade wheat noodles, which really dense and chewy. However, the dish itself was just way too oily for me, and I wasn't a fan of the flavor since it just tasted like noodles with chili oil. I think it would've been better if there were veggies or something in it to make it feel a little lighter. I couldn't finish it so I took it home, and it tasted better the next day for some reason.
Scallion Bun with Pork Floss: I was expecting the typical white steamed bao bun, but I guess that's just the buns on the menu that explicitly say "steamed." This was more like a soft roll filled with pork floss, then coated with a mayo sauce and more pork floss. They are pretty big and filling! Good appetizer.
They have daily specials, so be sure to check the chalkboard out front before going in! Otherwise the super nice lady taking your order will let you know. Overall, pretty decent Chinese food at good prices. Service was very friendly, and the restaurant itself is very cute and quaint. Plenty of parking in the neighborhoods too!This restaurant is a hidden gem! It was difficult to decide what to eat. We got the fried steamed bun. It is stuffed with pork and chives. An order comes with two and it was hard to not order more than that. We had to pace ourselves because we ordered the shrimp and egg noodles XO. The noodles are house made. The shrimp was cleaned, deshelled, and meaty. The flavor is pungent and not spicy. Great dish! The duck is smoked and tastes like ham! It was crispy and moist, unlike any duck I had ever eaten. The cucumbers and radishes hadna soy sauce vinegar dressing and it came with a side bowl of rice. We also ordered the slow stewed pork shank. It was juicy and tasted like how my Chinese Gramma made it. You may be surprised to find all all white wait staff and white chef. The flavors were authentic because the chef was taught by his father in law from mainland China. As someone from California, I definitely approve of this restaurant as very much a mainland Chinese variety. You will not find the Americanized Chinese food you might find at a PF Chang's or a Panda Express. If you are looking for a bomb ass restaurant, come here! They have specials too on the board in front. Stop and take a look at it before you get seated.Love love love Bao and Noodle! The Dan dan noodles, lamb dish and ma po tofu are amazing. Try the scallion pancakes for appetizer. Very unique flavors. I've only gotten delivery and they are pretty fast.Same as the other reviews. Overpriced, small servings, zero presentation, no fresh veggies.  In New Orleans, you could do far better for less $$.I absolutely loved it! 
The tea eggs are my new favorite food.... Vegan noodles also great, but the tea eggs are so epic. :) and i think the servings are perfect size. 
The bowls are small so it looks little at first but after one bowl i was perfectly full. 
The employees were really chill and friendly too which i really appreciated.Friendly staff complemented with savory pancakes and rich hand-pulled noodles. The food wasn't as authentic as I thought it would be, but it's as authentic as you're gonna get when you're in a small city like New Orleans.Easily the best noodles I've had here yet. I moved here two years ago for school and this is the first place I've gone that has authentic noodles and bao! Totally delicious!:)I had the vegan bao here for the first time 9 days ago, and have since had it 3 more times. I'd probably be eating it today if they weren't closed. The meaty bao is also bangin' here, as are the few other dishes we've tried.I ordered the fried steamed bao and dan dan noodles with pork.  I had seen a bunch of reviews of this place both here on Yelp and elsewhere proclaiming Bao & Noodle as being some of the most authentic Chinese food in the city, but I think maybe some newbie chef was cooking tonight, because the bao were pillowy and tasty, but the sauce was just a salt lick with no underlying sweet note or really any flavor besides concentrated soy.  A little sad, but no biggie; the bao were flavorful enough to enjoy without sauce.
The real disappointment was the dan dan noodles.  They were all clumped together in a ball that wouldn't unstick without a fight, and when I finally wrestled some into my mouth, they had the densely rubbery/chewy texture of undercooked dough.   Once I started chewing, it all turned to glue in my mouth; I had to dump the whole thing out after two bites.  
I'm giving two stars because the delivery was mighty quick, and I might order some bao again in the future.  Maybe.Service has been great, delivery was super fast and food is tasty.
I do hope that they post descriptions of the food and prices on their Web site soon (sure would be helpful for delivery). A little less oil would be ideal (my container has a ton left in it after I devoured my beef chow fun) and it is on the pricier side for the portion side. But they are new and I trust they'll work this stuff out. 
Glad to have them in the neighborhood.I am always amazed when someone has aspirations to open a restaurant but has zero awareness of taste and texture. The chow fun noodles were gelatinous and smothered in very salty soy. Inedible. The vegetable of the day, green beans, sounded hopeful but were actually shriveled and burned, served also with the salty soy. (I mean I don't think I could ruin green beans like that even if I was preparing for a haunted house opening) The cha su bao (or rice flour buns filled with pork)...well let's just say the kitchen would be better off heating up Jimmy Dean's sausage biscuits in the microwave. The pork was greasy and bland, the buns overcooked and chewy, It was served with "dipping sauce" which should at least be some combo of sesame oil, rice vinegar, ginger, scallion and soy but it was nothing more than a bowl of pure sodium soy sauce. We also got "strange flavor peanuts" which were described a salty, sweet and hot all in one, but they were just sweet. $40 for the above and a coke. Left hungry, won't be going back.Delicious! Can't go wrong with hand made bao and noodle. Will be back for more. The scallion pancake was our favorite from all.the dishes we ordered.We were quite enthusiastic about B&N but left feeling quite disappointed. As other reviews describe: the food was excessively salty, bowls awkwardly undersized and twelve-dollar dishes offered only a miniscule portion of food.
Service was pleasant and staff seemed well-informed. Atmosphere was practically non-existent but the bare space is tolerable. After our meal, we walked to a nearby restaurant for a proper lunch. We won't be back.Apps were really good...entrees were fair...dessert made me sad don't get the custard...will most def be back due to very friendly service that gave full explanations:..Been there twice and live within walking distance.   It was very Salty and Expensive for what ya get.  Both times had to send food back to kitchen for undercooking and overcooking.Nice gem in new orleans with handmade noodles and handmade bao. Really loved their homemade bao, was perfect texture and lots of filling. Delicious with black vinegar. High quality ingredients and flavors on point. Will be back soon to try mapo tofu. Kind friendly service and food came out fast.My friend took me here for the first time. Really wonderful find. We had 3 dishes. All were wonderful! (DanDan noodle...my favorite...Cumin Braised Lamb and Zha Jiang Mian). Will be back next trip.They need to buy bigger bowls.
This restaurant needs to work on their portion size and prices because it makes no sense. Paid $12 for tea egg rice bowl and was a tiny portion of rice in an ice cream dish with two hard boiled eggs and two leaves of bok choi. 
The other dish I ordered needed MORE NOODLES, as noodles aren't expensive and I paid for noodles.
We went home after eating here and made noodles because we were still hungry. Hope they work out the kinks as the food was actually tasty and delicious, it's just not enough food for the price. Can't comment on the service because it's counter service and the small plate/large plate discrepancy from the counter person was very unclear.I ordered fried bao, dan dan noodles, and ma pou tofu. Perhaps it was the fact that it was at the end of their day, I don't know but it was probably the worst food I have had in a long time and I'm pretty "optimistic" about most foods. The noodles had a decent texture but the sauce was much too salty and overall too greasy. The bao was extremely greasy but at least it was still soft, and the flavor just screamed grease as it struggled its way to my stomach. The tofu was the worst as it was flavorless, greasy,  and the rice that came with it was over cooked, inconsistent, and just not palatable. Sorry but I sorely regret this visit.Really fresh, creative, unique foods! The service is very informed and friendly. Some of the flavors I have never tried anything like it before. The noodles are made daily from scratch and lots of love and heart goes into this tiny little unassuming place. It's also BYOB!The food is delicious and obviously made with love and passion. The service has always been on point and helpful. The interior is no-nonsense. 
I like this place a lot.The white waitress explained that I couldn't have a side of silken tofu to our table (a table of Japanese / Chinese / Filipino folks) because Chinese and Japanese cuisine "uses them differently."  This explanation left us scratching our heads. a n y w a y s....
This is a fusion restaurant. If you prepare yourself for that and set your expectations it's not bad - we got the peppers, squash, and burmese salad as appetizers. The burmese salad is more of a cole slaw closer to Curtido than a tea leaf salad. I had the Dan Dan noodles, they were very salty and sour and had a strong sesame oil taste - but not much else.loved this unamerican chinese food! we got the dan dan noonies (chewy and delicious), spicy wontons (finally some good wontons!), scallion pancakes and the veggie special of the day (oven roasted cabbage - awesome). it was also totally reasonably priced. $25 to fill two... "big eaters." i want to go back and try everything!I enjoyed this little noodle spot quite a bit! 
We ordered the tea soaked eggs, pork bao, and shrimp noodles.
Unfortunately I took a bite of the salty end of the tea egg first, and the rest of the meal was totally ruined as I was reeling from salt overdose. The bao was delicious, to be sure, and the noodles seemed great, but I think I really have to come back another time.
The service was very friendly, the ambiance casual, and it came out quite speedily. There is some outdoor seating, and it seemed to be ok with BYOB, as someone else in the restaurant came and went with their own bottle of wine.
Definitely a cute spot for a first date, and also seemed good for takeout, judging by the number of people who did so while we were there.I came here with my boyfriend last Friday night and we had a great time. The food was delicious; I haven't had anything like this in New Orleans. They have vegan scallion pancakes, spicy green beans, and noodles (zha jiang mian). My boyfriend got the beef soup which he said he would definitely order again. We live just down the road and will most certainly be back!Delicious and I didn't feel it was overpriced at all. Not huge portions but very filling. My meal was $13 plus tax/tip, not gonna get much better than that for good food and service!Fantastic noodle place! Went here on a recommendation from a local business and I'm so glad I did! We had the bao, Dan Dan noodles and Tea smoked ducked. Loved everything! Actually some of the best food I've had in NOLA so far.Guys I am obsessed with Bao & Noodle. Thank god I don't live in the Bywater because otherwise I would be broke from going here so much. I always get their dan dan noodles--SO TASTY OMG!!! Even better as leftovers! I've also tried just about everything else on the menu and my eyes roll into the back of my head every time for how good it is. The Bao of the day is great. Tea selection is wide and their boba tea is really good. Love the BYOB policy too. Service is prompt. I've gotten their delivery before too (like I said, I'm obsessed) and that was still really really yum. It's one of those places I've resisted reviewing because I don't want to have the spot blown up by tourists haha!Great concept with disappointing execution.
The restaurant is a quiet little room with an open kitchen, and for us, few patrons. Service was acceptable, but a bit apathetic and low effort.
Appetizers were fairly tasty but small and presented without sharing plates or utensils. Asked for both and got no plates, and not enough silverware for the table.
The real disappointments were the entrees. Very small bowls filled too full, once again no plates to share or unload some of the burgeoning bowls onto. 
My noodles were undercooked. My shrimp was way over cooked, improperly de-shelled, and still contained the vein. I ate legs and shell fragments in several bites. Very unappetizing but I deveined myself and ate for the sake of wasted money.
Ma po tofu was powerfully mucousy, with dried pepper seeds that were woody and tough. The heat was out of balance and flavor was unpleasantly pungent.
I appreciate that noodles and bao were made from scratch so price is not taken into account here, but the food was by no means cheap. Our bao and scallion pancakes were good and I think the potential is there but more care should be put into the prep and the service. I'd love to give it another try if I knew things had improved.Ordered takeout and they told me it would be here in 20 minutes. When I called after 45 it was "about to go out."  I pointed out that she told me it would only be 20 minutes and she said, " yeah, well, we're busy tonight."   Terrible customer service.  We only ordered from this place because Lost Love Lounge's kitchen was down tonight.  We won't be ordering again.Delicious dumplings and noodles. The tea eggs were awesome too. The chef came out and talked to us and seemed to know alot about authentic Chinese foodHusband and I popped in on a whim last night and were we ever glad we did! My mother is Chinese and I miss all the great Chinese food that I grew up eating in my native Toronto. Was a little sad to find upon moving to New Orleans that good options are not so plentiful. However Bao & Noodle is a little beacon of hope: handmade noodles, scallion pancakes, vegan bao? Yes please! Also have to say thank you so much for having great vegan options in both a city and cuisine that are not known for their vegan-friendliness. We were in heaven. Also the staff and owner are lovely, lovely people. As small business owners ourselves, we are happy to support people who obviously are so passionate about what they do.I wanted to like this restaurant more than I did. I really really did considering I live 3 blocks away and I LOVE asian food, but this place fell woefully short. I went with my girlfriend and ordered the Baked Char Siu Bao, Soy Sauce Chicken, and Dan Dan noodles. The baked char siu bao was the girlfriends favorite (although she said she wouldn't order anything we ate again), but to me the dish seemed kind of blah. What got me was they put the sauce down on the table in an awkward spot, and when I went to move it some (a decent amount) of it spilled. The waitress just looked at it and walked away. I'm someone who always insists on cleaning up their own mess but usually restaurants insist on at least giving me a cloth or towel or something, not just walking away and leaving it there. For me the highlight of the meal was the soy sauce chicken, it was moist and the flavor was decent but they needed more sauce, I ran out almost half way through. Sad because I would probably come back for this dish if it didn't cost $14 - definitely not worth the price. the dan dan noodles were okay. It took me a minute to discover the sauce at the bottom and once I did it was still okay. Not sure where the veggeis were as I saw none, and the pork was very overcooked. All in all I want this place to succeed, and I will be back to give them a second chance in 3 or 4 months, but they have a LONG way to go. From what I experienced and have read, they really need to tweak their dishes. I think they chose the right cuisine (something new for new orleans), but I don't think they were able to execute. I'm rooting for you guys, I really am, but at the moment you are charging a lot for dishes that feel incomplete and poorly executed. You can't charge $14 for a chicken breast, have no table service, and execute it improperly.Phenomenal meal. Tried the scallion pancake and the fried steamed bao which were delicious. Our entrees of Cumin lamb and the shrimp with XO sauce was SOOOOOOOOO GOOD. Noodles were amazing and that XO sauce... Lord Jesus!Holy %#*!  How did this place get here?  Scallion pancakes delicious. Braised lamb was the best. Noodles amazing. Loved.Easily in my top 5 restaurants in nola. I mean, who doesn't love hand stretched homemade noodles! I get vegetarian Dan Dan and the cold sesame noodles all the time. There's often a special, too. Doug and Sherri are the best!Bao & Noodle is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city. The Dan Dan noodles are chewy and tasty, and the Ma Po tofu is nicely spicy. The servings there are smaller than at other restaurants, but I think it's perfect amount of food. The restaurant employees are friendly and the atmosphere is casual (BYOB). Also, the Moon cake is another must-try - kind of like a large mochi with delicious eggy custard in the middle. Delicious!Love this place! My last visit, we had the scallion pancakes, tea eggs and greens, and lamb noodles- it was a fantastic meal and you could tell that a lot of work went into each dish. Left full and happy and can't wait to return. 
Their noodles are made in house and I can't recall ever having better- I'd recommend any of the noodle dishes, but if they have the whole fish on the menu, definitely try it!I am a Beijinger, now studied at Tulane and be in U.S. for several months. It is good and homelike to have Zhajiang mian tasted similar to what I have in beijing. The food is freshly made, which I found it valuable because most of the American Chinese restaurants here do not provide fresh and handmade "cooked wheaten food". In other words, most of the Bao(buns) and noodels provided elsewhere are probably frozen food or finished products. However, it is common sense that food will lose much nutrition and natural flavour in this way. 
Highly recommend this restaurant as this is pretty "Chinese" based on three dishes my friend and I ordered. Even though there indeed is not very much authentic, still scarce to have it in New Orleans. Have not gotten a chance to talk with Chef about how he learned all these, probably next time!Oh thank god I found Bao & Noodle...by far the best Chinese I've had in the city. Handmade noodles, dumplings, and bao, I've been 3 or 4 times and consistently good at a great price. Other Chinese in the city is stuck in some kind of time warp, trapped in their own syrupy day-glo sauces. Here they pull in a range of flavors and make food that whispers 'come back.'  Service has always been friendly for me and don't forget it is BYOB.Fantastic! We love this little love that is conveniently up the street. Such a great twist on traditional dishes.This was the best meal and best service experience I have ever had anywhere in my life. That might sound weird for a place like this, but seriously it's amazing, it's replacing August as my favorite restaurant in the city. From the homemade boba and spicy nuts to the perfect snap of the freshly made noodles, every detail of the meal is meticulous. And what is even better is that our server was not only super friendly but incredibly knowledgeable about the food origins which kept my 10 year old interested. My steamed fish was perfectly cooked, mindblowingly tender. I ate the whole thing by myself, but I think it's supposed to serve two. Whatever, if it's good, eat it, and it was great. The broths of my family's soups were super clean and distinct to their dish. And if you are able to get the jelly dessert, you won't regret it. 
This restaurant is in what appears to be an old New Orleans corner grocery, it's not fancy. That didn't bother me at all, and if it bothers you, you must not be in it for the food.Oh man! This will be quick: run to that place if you wish to have an authentic Chinese meal! Come on, hurry up!
I was there with a friend (she is from China) and she got so excited when she read the menu, as it reminded her of home.
We got a lot of delicious food and our waitress was very kind and patient.Love picking up weekday lunch at Bao & Noodle! Their beef soup is an absolute favorite. Perfect for cloudy days. All their food is bursting with savory excellent flavor and service is consistently great. Love the atmosphere in their restaurant as well!as so many have said, the staff is great... problem is that if you're going to claim to make noodles, they should not only be noodles, but be edible -- i'll not hold them to the standards of someone who's lived in china for some years, but these are seriously bad... we absolutely wanted to love this place, but the expansion of the undercooked dough in our bellies is just horrid -- my advice is to either buy them from a chinese grocer or work in a chinese restaurant for a while...Really disappointed with the noodle part of 'bao and noodle'.  We ordered the dan dan noodles, lamb noodle and fried bao.  The bao were delicious but the noodle dishes were pretty awful. The dan dan noodles just taste like raw paprika and peanut butter and oil; I had to add a bunch of ponzu sauce to make them edible.  The lamb, on the other hand, was way too salty. The noodles were both under and over cooked in the same dish. 
My boyfriend and I couldn't even finish half after not eating anything at all that day. Not because the portions were huge, because it just not that good.Delicious noodles! My husband and I shared the pork floss bun, the fried steamed bao, the strange peanuts, the dan dan noodles and the spicy noodles. The appetizers were good. The noodles were amazing! We will be back.Like so many others, we were excited to see a new restaurant in the neighborhood. We made it over as soon as we could.  The "order at the counter" format was disappointing.  The name of the joint is Bao & Noodle.  Noodle in a singular form is correct as there is only one noodle dish.  Was hoping to fulfill my Momofuku desire for something great.....  Scallion Pancake = dry and old tasting...  Green beans = burnt, Tea Eggs = tasteless and dry...  Whole fish - undercooked....  If I hadn't paid already I would have refused to do so..... I will wait for them to come around before I even consider a return.  So disappointed.The food is edible, the service is atrocious. We didnt get silverware, appetizer plates, we didnt get drinks, well he never mentioned they had drinks. We had a table of 5 and ordered 15 minutes before a table for two and somehow we received our meals after them. The food arrived and it was regular food nothing pretty or special, portions were small. 
It was our fist time having this type of cuisine. 
Scallion Pancake- taste like pizza bread, ok
Fried Steamed Bao- it's really a meat pie, ok
Spicy Chicken Soup- perfect!
Dan Dan- dry and not good
Beef Soup- Perfect 
Duck Breast- tasted like pot roast, pickled veggie side was nothing special. 
Two stars only because the soup was GREAT and we will return ONLY for that and it will be Take Out Only. Ultimately service is bad, certain dishes are great, others are not. 
Great place for soup when your sick in bed...hands down and that's it. It does have potential for a hidden gem, but at this rate it will not make it.My feelings were all over place during my meal here. We ended up at this restaurant by chance so I had no expectations going in. I was optimistic and excited about the menu, but unfortunately it didn't deliver.
When we first walked in I was taken aback by the really bad black mold problem around the air vents. The vents are covered in mold and seriously dripping black sludge down the walls. Yikes! But, that's NOLA for you, right? Or that's what I tried to tell myself, anyway.
After reading over the menu I was REALLY excited and literally wanted to order every single item. It all sounded fantastic. We finally settled on the tea leaf salad, scallion buns with pork floss, chicken soup, and beef soup.
I love cabbage salads and I love light dressings, but this salad seemed to be missing something. Maybe a base note? Garlic? Also, I didn't see any tea leaves. Just cabbage, cilantro, and green onions. The bun with pork floss was Interesting but not anything I'd be tempted to order again.
The soups were the real disappointment, though. We both thought the broths were thin and had no complexity. Plenty salty, but no body or flavor. The beef chunks were nice and tender, but there were only three pieces along with a few massively thick noodles and a small handful of kale. The bowl was mostly that lifeless broth. Womp-womp. Totally underwhelming, even after adding a large spoonful of chili oil. 
But the service was friendly, so there's that. ‍The buns are delicious and the spicy pork noodles (but veryyyy oily) but that might be how it's supposed to be. The pork hair rolls were odd and it's covered in a mayo, very strange, not my thing but might be someone's! Also the tea duck was amazing.If the overall rating for this place is still only so-so, don't let that stop you from trying it. It seems like they've come back strong from an unimpressive opening; certainly everything we tried tonight was excellent. 
We had: perfectly-done scallion pancakes, freshly-made fried steamed bao, a very tasty cumin-braised lamb with hand-pulled noodles and a deliciously spicy ma po tofu with pork (if you've ever had Korean tofu stew, this was very much like that; creamy tofu with bits of pork in a rich, scallion-laced broth). 
They don't seem to advertise that they're BYOB, so that was a nice surprise (we're staying less than a block away, so it was easy to run back for a bottle of wine); although they do offer several types of hot tea which would have gone really well with the meal, too. I was much too full to try the desserts, which was a shame because they sounded both unusual and really, really good. 
Prices are more than reasonable ($48 for those 4 dishes, including 20% tip).
Sadly, there were only 3 other people dining when we were there (8:30-ish on a Wednesday night), so I feel extra obligated to recommend this place highly. 
You should go!Sauces are bomb here. 
Best bao in the city! 
Super casual spot with a tiny open kitchen where a conversation with chef is totally normal. 
Handmade noodles.
Effin awesome specials. Oh MyI had very low expectations as we entered this establishment. Honestly, it's not much of a looker on the inside and the sign outside was small and easy to miss if you weren't looking for it. So believe me when I say my expectations were far exceeded. First of all the waiter helped out immensely by explaining everything on the menu and giving great recommendations. The bao we chose was delicious and savory with a soy sauce based dipping sauce. Our entrees were each beautifully prepared. The noodles in my din din pork were made in house and the spicy sauce was mouth-watering mixed with them and the almost crispy ground pork pieces. I added some of the spicy chili sauce from the table to give it an extra kick and the waiter offered an even spicier version from the kitchen. The prices were just right too. After we finished eating I immediately wanted to go back again to try everything else on the menu.So SO good. It's food is as warm and tasty as it's environment. The ripped noodles visit me in my dreams. Also, cool that it's BYOB or you can order a bottle from a nearby delivery booze system. But really,  we go for the bao. YummmmmmmDelicious food and great service!  Nola is lacking a good Chinese joint, and I was so excited to hear this place was opening.  I ordered the Dan Dan noodles.  The noodles were perfectly chewy, sauce was yummy.  With fresh ingredients, and noodles made in-house (I think?) I'm happy to pay a little more for my food.  My dish was $10 which I think was very reasonable.  Loved this place, and will definitely be back!Date of original review 12-7-2015
I went with 3 friends and we had the yummy scallion pancakes and the fried steamed bao to begin with. Both were delicious and made us realize we were more hungry than we originally thought! Originally we ordered the Dan Dan Noodle with pork and the Cumin Braised Lamb with hand pulled Biang Biang Noodle. Portions were smallish but would be sufficient if just one person was eating. So we then decided to order the Tea Smoked Duck Breast and oh were we glad we did! The duck breast was cooked to perfection and some of the most delicious duck I have ever had! The bill came to about $14 each for the two appetizers and 3 entrees which was very reasonable.
Tips: They do not have a liquor license but it is byob.
Service and food were a little slow so I wouldn't go here if you were in a hurry. However, if you don't want to feel rushed and are looking for a place where you can chill and chat, this is definitely the place!A great place. The Bao pods were AWSOME. Had the tea eggs (very tasty), shrimp noodles and lamb were very good. Looking forward to go back and try some more.We love this place. Order from them all the time. The food is delicious. My favorite dish is Dan Dan Noodles. Also the vegan mix noodles is excellent.This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in US.i am a Chinese from Sichuan province and my friends and I all feel the taste is very authentic.Strongly recommend the lamb and Biangbiang noodle,beef soup.I'm not sure why there are any bad reviews of Bao and Noodle. Maybe people want to only experience bland, Americanized Chinese food. I've been looking for a more authentic experience as long as I've been able to clutch a greasy pair of chopsticks. And....TA DA!! The food is unusual and delicious, the staff is friendly and the spot is sweet and homey. Take a date there and impress them with your sophisticated palate.Started with the Fried, Steamed Bao.  Totally excellent.  The lamb dish with cilantro and carrots was ridiculous, in a good way.  And the little dessert cake was light yet decadent.  I will be recommending and returning.