A 2-story converted bar off the main, busy and crowded touristy Bourbon Street; this place was distinctively quiet and non-touristy where we went to meet our friend who lives in NOLA.  This place is perfect for a group meeting or to get a drink with a group of friends.  It used to be a mansion and they've kept the look and feel of a southern residence.  The furniture, decor, and inviting fireplace all gave the feel of coziness or familiarity in a wealthy vacation bungalow.  The night we went the upstairs was blocked off so just the downstairs was available, and people were lounging on the sofas deep in conversation.
The drinks were strong and well made, the bartender friendly.  She said that the place didn't close and she would be working all night long but it was a quiet night so she was enjoying herself.  This particular bartender had Twilight Zone tattoos all over her arms and was obviously a huge fan.  
Overall a good place to break off from the chaos of Bourbon Street just a few steps away if you want to get a quiet drink.What an amazing find off bourbon street.  This Jazz Bar has delicious cocktails and the bartenders are amazing and friendly.  Would recommend for locals or out of towners as they make you feel at home!You gotta come here! Between the awesome drinks Manda creates and the wonderful music Bethany and Christopher supplies this is a Not To Miss bar! Just of Bourbon St but a gem worth finding!A total diamond in the rough. Bar Mon Cher is less than a block from Bourbon Street but you could never tell. The atmosphere is lounging and chill. I have been here for Burlesque Bingo and their "goth night" on Thursdays. They open the second floor for events where there are comfortable chairs and couches to lounge on. The staff are all very nice and the drinks are reasonably priced.A great relaxing spot for cocktails and dis & dem burgers were hugely satisfying. We were here on a Sunday afternoon and it was perfectly relaxed with music, breeze , drinks and burgers.A great little place with live music, and a step away from the chaos of Bourbon St.  We had the burgers from the back and they were incredible!!  Angie was super sweet, great service.Phillip was so sweet and personal! Makes a really tasty mojito;) what a warm bar we will be back!The only reason I gave this even 2 stars is because Dis and Dem burgers is in the back of the bar so I guess it's some kind of collaboration? The burgers are AMAZING and the chili fries are the best. The bar however? Not bad, except for the guy who claims he owns part of it or something who dropped the f-bomb literally every other word out of his mouth...I could go on for a while but bottom line: he was very obnoxious and rude. Kept bothering us while we were eating to give a good review. No thank you, we will not be coming back here and I suggest no one else does either. We were planning on spending the afternoon there but once he walked in, we finished our food, closed our tab and left. Not to mention my corona or possibly the lime they put in it had gone bad. Super frustrating. I highly suggest you eat the food because omg it's amazing, but sit in the back and eat because the employees back there are just adorable and were so accommodating.Incredible! Wow, the amazing band. Great experience all around. From the welcome reception to the great drinks, highly recommended!Quiet oasis right next to the craziness of bourbon street. The Note usually features live music, skillfully performed jazz you can have a conversation over, or better yet just hang out and listen. Good bartender knows what he's doing too. Usually Im turned off by a guy at the door calling us in, but im very glad we followed his call this time!Burlesque Bingo. Fun stuff. Owner John and his wife were warm and gracious hosts. Bartender Peter (or Philip or Flip) was attentive and maybe a bit over cautious. Tried to force feed us water after our 5th or 6th round. But we thanked him later. Thanks Flip!!! Great time was had by all.I had contacted Tina a few weeks back before my Semester At Sea 10 year reunion event when I was scoping out locations. She was super quick in her responses.
My group (50+ ppl) decided to go with another option, Pat O'Briens.
The day of, Pat O'Briens would not confirm our group reservation so we were stuck without a venue. I emailed Tina the day of (which was a Saturaday at 4PM) and she was able to get my group taken care of for our event at 9PM (5 hours later!) She even called me since she got a Out Of Office reply on my email. I was so stressed out because I only had a few hours to get a new location on a Saturday night for 50+ people, but they made it so seamless.
They were a life saver! Tucked away from the crazy Bourbon street madness, the location was perfect. The music, the upstairs, and the food made my whole event. All my guest were able to catch up, dance, and have an awesome time. The singers made a few announcements for photos for our group & the bartenders were so quick.
I should have stuck with them in the beginning. Rue St. Louis was so accommodating and quick. I would highly recommend this place. Thank you for turning a tough situation around!We walked in because the place seemed like it had a very cool vibe. It does and the decor is unique. It's a converted home that was built sometime in the early 1900s. I looked at the drink menu and really wasn't interested in anything until I spotted the sazerac. Well, I've had quite a few of those in the past so I know what a good one tastes like. First, the bartender took an unusually long time to make the drink. But then, I saw him do something I've never seen before. He put the whiskey into a shaker and shook it. He shook it! Anyone knows who has had one you don't shake a sazerac. He places something else in it. I'm not sure what it was but I don't think it was bitters. He presents it to me and it has a pink hue. So i tried it. It was sweet. Sazeracs are not sweet. Well, afterward another bartender comes by and asks what I was drinking. I was embarrassed to say but I tell him. I explain the problem with my drink. He then calls the other bartender over and we discuss the drink. He knows exactly what he did wrong. He said he shook it instead of stirring and that he added some other ingredient that isn't normally there. I also commented that he didn't garnish it with the usual orange peel. Well, they didn't offer to make me a new drink and I still got charged for the bad drink. If you happen to drop into Bar Mon Cher I suggest you don't order anything too complicated even if it's on the menu. Stick to beer, vodka cranberry or something similar. And good luck!I ended up here on my quest for live music. I actually found it here but dang, why is y'all's ac not pumping in the middle of a New Orleans August?
We were loving the music and loving the cocktails, but we couldn't hang out for very long because I was starting to puddle and that's not a good look. It was HOT. I love the layout of this spot- it's obviously an old house that has been converted and I love that the front room has a nice bar and the performer(s) while the back rooms are more relaxed and social. 
Four stars because the atmosphere won me over and I can see myself coming back when the weather is a little cooler.In town for a wedding. Came for the week so we could sight see and enjoy the town. Wanted to find the heart and soul of what it is famous for.  We were just looking for something to eat when we came upon the Rue. Dis and Dem are in the back. Great food. I the bar they had man by the name of Domenic that could really play the blues. Being that it was Memorial Day it was empty but for our group, which made it really nice for us. It has been the highlight of my stay so for.Found this place a half block off Bourbon and enjoyed it so much we went back for a second night in a row and spent several hours both times.  Amanda is an enthusiastic bar-tender who crafts excellent cocktails.  I am not really a cocktail person, my wife is, but I sampled each one made specifically for her.  Using a veggie or fruit here and there, tinctures, bitters and herbs, the flavors were complex and sophisticated, and most importantly - NOT made with simple syrup and thus not cloying sweet.
Totally enjoyed Barbarella - we were all wowed by them.  Candlelight vibe in an old house made for a welcome change of pace (Bourbon St. is no longer our thing!)  If you need a quieter bar with some personality and great drinks and music, this is it.  I had not read other reviews until preparing to write this, but other seem to feel the same way  Give it a try!This place was adorable and a nice quiet bar to sit and have a drink.  The blue champagne was cool and tasty, and there was burlesque bingo!  Where else are you gonna do burlesque bingo.  Really cool and really fun place to go, a nice change from the hustle on bourbon st.My wife and I had our wedding after-party here and it was a blast! The owners Tina and Johnny were great to work with and very accommodating. We rented the second floor and it was the perfect setting- large enough for a big group but still feels really intimate. Kind of feels like you're partying in an old New Orleans mansion. There are a couple balconies overlooking Rue St. Louis so it's nice and breezy. Our guests loved the food at the burger joint downstairs, Dis & Dem, but we were dancing so much we forgot to even try it. If you want a fun afterparty in the French Quarter, close to the Bourbon Street action but not right in the middle of it, Rue St. Louis is the spot.I must say they surpassed my expectations ( 1:30 a.m. on Bourbon Street I was expecting something only a drunk would enjoy) and it was easily one of my favorite meals on this trip to the Nola. The quality of the bread & the fish spot on The overall meal was something you would expect in a gastropub, not your everyday dive bar.Bourbon street is the most overrated street, at least for me. I can see how the excitement and the craziness can make for a thrilling experience but I just can't get over the smell of barf and pee everywhere, especially on a weekend night and I'm sure ESPECIALLY during Mardi Gras. The combination of seafood and alcohol is not doing this street any favors.
My friends and I were getting pretty tired of this and we randomly strayed off of Bourbon to a side street and found The Note. The musicians were killer and the bartenders were cool and had a "welcome but here are your drinks, goodbye tourists" attitude, which I appreciated. The only downside is yes, drinks are kind of on the $$$ side since it's near the famous Bourbon st, but the chill/not having to be around overly drunk ppl grinding on everything and everyone- experience was definitely worth it.This is my favorite bar in the entire French Quarter. It smells absolutely wonderful (is that crepe myrtle?)! Very clean bathrooms were a huge welcome and appreciated anomaly in this neighborhood. The dark gorgeous decor is very beautiful and comfortable. Thursday night (Goth Night) is the best time to come out and see the sexy, mysterious, shadowy, and ravishing creatures of the night! You can have an almost astral journey dancing upstairs in the trippy pulsing lights or enjoy a glass of blue champagne (yes blue!) while chatting with a bewitching soul on a Victorian style stool or couch. This bar is a fantasy come to life! Please, we beg you, stay in New Orleans for all of eternity!Perfect little spot off of the craze of Bourbon St. Lovely bartender, great music, beautiful old architecture.If I could give more than 5 stars I would. This place has an incredible location that's close to the action of Bourbon, but without the crazy. The drinks are well made and delicious, the Hurricanes are the best I've ever had at a NOLA bar. My mother and I came for Burlesque Bingo (on a Monday) because of the glowing reviews, and we are so glad we did. It is one of a kind entertainment that can't be topped. What sets this place apart is the feeling that once you step in, you are a part of the group. Everyone from the owners, to Lefty Lucy and the rest of the patrons made this place warm, welcoming and fun. I will be praising them to anyone who will listen and this bar is now my number one stop whenever I come.Simon was great and welcoming. There was live music by Barbarella and she was simply stunning vocally and visually. They actually ran out of ginger ale and ran all the way to store just for me. Just great atmosphere and service all around. Definitely a nice break from the craziness of Bourbon street but still close enough to feel apart of it all.This is what New Orleans is and should be.  It's got the classic style and architecture, relaxed, laid back, and friendly. Good drinks from great bartenders.  Get off Bourbon Street and get the real thing.This place is perfect for those looking for respite from Bourbon street. Who doesn't want to sit on bar stools covered in velvet damask and listen to 90s jams like the Smiths when there isn't live music? 
Bar Mon Cher offers Burlesque Bingo and Goth Nights, but the real attraction is the veteran owner/bartender, who I was specifically told not to refer to as devastatingly handsome. He bought the place less than a year ago, when it was a seedy club. No longer. With his years of experience as an NYC bartender and bouncer, he's carved out a great place for late night drinks and stories.Love love love this place. Great staff, entertainment and drinks. Just steps away from the noise of Bourbon this mirage of sublime is worth the trip. The first day we went there was quite cold and the bar staff had homemade Hot Toddies. The owner was there with the staff and truly welcoming. Go, enjoy the subtle and fun of Bar Mon Cher.Stopped in for a drink. We were greeted by Left Lucy, our bartender, but also does burlesque bingo on Monday nights. She made great drinks and was super friendlyI went with my mom last night to play Burlesque Bingo. It was one of the funnest things I have done the past few days here. Everyone there is so nice and Lefty Lucy was very entertaining. Each time there was a winner they would always give a platter of entertaining prizes and a grand prize for the final winner. It only takes 1 drink for 1 bingo card. They have other events they do too. On Sundays they have Cards Against Humanity which sounds like it would be fun as well. Definitely recommend coming here if you are around the French Quarter on a monday and looking to have a good time with good people.The only real goth club left in the French Quarter, if not all of New Orleans. Excellent drinks, great music, good staff, run by the original old school gothic people. They are keeping New Orleans weird and alternative; yet they are friendly to your mainstream friends.If I could give more stars I would! 
We held our wedding reception here and everything was absolutely perfect!
Coming from Dallas, TX, we were unsure of how everything would work but Tina and her staff did an amazing job. 
She incorporated sentimental items I had mailed into the decor, allowed us to use our wedding music playlist by ipod, had the bar stocked with everyone's favorite liquor and was a pleasure to work with. There was ample room for our band and for dancing!
We ordered their crab and spinach dip, chicken & sausage jambalaya, had an oyster shucker with fresh oysters and had our cake delivered there as well. 
The pricing for rental is very fair, the service was amazing, the bar is stunning and we will definitely be back. I highly recommend this venue for any type of party you may have!Great location for an after party for a wedding I attended.  They only charged $200 to hold the entire venue (amazing) which was very large with the multiple levels, allowing people to spread out.  It's got a cool vibe that you could only find in New Orleans.  A converted house, it kept all of its charm. You feel like you've stepped off Bourbon Street and into someone's home.  I can't speak as to what it's like on a night that it's open to the public, but as a private venue, it was great!This is such a cute cozy place to listen to music, and have some good drinks. what I truly hate is the casino slot machines that greatly cheapen the place along with the game music is horrible. Why is it there ? It's tackyFantastic off-Bourbon bar that offers different entertainment most nights, all of it high quality. From Burlesque Bingo on Mondays to Goth night on Thursdays and Barbarella Blue on Saturdays, this place is classy and fun, and the owners are wonderful people who always make you feel like you belong there be you local or just visiting. My favorite Quarter bar.
And dog friendly!The food is great & Lydia is one of the best bartenders in the city! Love this place!My husband and I stumbled across this magnificent place by the lovely Gwen! We walked by and my husband remarked what a cool place and Gwen said if we walked in we would be in for a treat! Well, we were! It was burlesque bingo and the lovely Lefty Lucy was a beautiful sight, my husband never played Bingo before and had a blast. She would take off an article of clothing for each round ( I loved the blue champagne). These folks made us feel welcomed and a part of an amazing crowd. We met the beautiful tattooed goddess Alexandra, and a fire eater named, I wanna say Wendy (forgive me if I'm wrong). What a wonderful experience and it I look forward to returning.Really Nice place with good ambience and fantastic fun bartender.  Came back 3 times while in town to avoid chaos of Bourbon street (which is more fun with crazy party group when you're 22 then when you're late 30's traveling with your wife).  Unfortunate that performance we saw here was lackluster as the scene was smooth.Just a step off Bourbon Street and a world away. An Awesome small space with a cool vibe and a great piano player on the Monday night that we visitedRefreshing break from Bourbon St! Great bartenders who give good pours. Very cool atmosphere, and we were super happy to have wondered in.I am a corporate event planner who chose this spot to host our team and partners- and it was a huge hit. Owner Jeanette Garner was one of the most lovely people I have had the pleasure of working with. Her and her husband made sure the space was perfect and made us feel like we were guests at their home. We were around 80 people, which means we had the upstairs level and flowed through the downstairs. It worked out well for our group.
The drinks were excellent, the staff was wonderful, and you couldn't ask for a cooler space. Most importantly, the food was catered by Dis&Dem and it was delicious! We had heavy appetizers comprised of traditional NOLA recipes and it was perfect. My guests talked about it the rest of our stay in New Orleans.
If you are in town and want a classic drink, some good food, and even better company- I urge you to check this spot out. The only "complaint" would be that it does get quite warm in there. It is an old building that they have kept as close to the original condition as possible- so that means they don't have a huge A/C unit to crank all day. The staff did their best to cool the space but our team immediately opened the doors to the balcony and let all the cold air out. Other than that, I would absolutely return to Rue St. Louis to host another event or to hang out with friends and I highly recommend this spot to anyone looking for a good time.Best ever $5.75 Hurricanes during Happy Hour! Bar tender Kathleen makes them from scratch! No over priced, pre-made batches here, which you find every where on Bourbon Street with very little alcohol.
Just a half a block off of Bourbon Street, on St. Louis Street. Sooooo worth it!
Going back Thursday night for live jazz! Dog friendly place is a plus!My wife and I stumbled upon this place after dinner and were intrigued about the the burlesque bingo. Everyone was great the staff was super friendly and the dancer lefty Lucy was super nice. Even though we didn't stay the entire night we had a fabulous time and it will probably be one of the highlights of our trip we will definitely visit again. Thanks so much for making us feel welcomedPerhaps I visited on an off night. Personally, I found nothing exceptional or interesting here. Charming and quaint...maybe a little.   The drinks were about average, no great creative force in mixology. The music was background with minimal presence. 
Mostly tourists here relieved to be in a more realistic New Orleans atmosphere. This property has been a few other places that didn't make it. It's got some potential. Better drinks, better music, and some sort of food service might help. 
Ferocious competition should inspire to step it up to another level.This place is a hidden gem. Just off Bourbon, when the live music is in house, you won't want to miss it. The staff is friendly and quick to serve. Johnny, the owner/bartender is dashingly handsome and will mix any request. Try their signature drink the ginger, mint, lemonade. If you are brave enough, ask about the ghost. Don't be afraid though, Lee, the doorman will keep you safe! You won't be disappointed. 2 solid thumbs up!Saturday night on Bourbon Street. A friend and I are looking for something laid back with live music. The latter is everywhere, the former not so much.
My friend peers down St. Louis Street and notices The Note. We walk to it and hear a Beatles song sung by a beautiful voice. This is the place. 
My friend and I are able to enter, get seats at the bar and listen to Barbarella Blue (follow on Twitter at @BarbarellaBlue) perform great covers and original songs.
The Note, despite its Christmas decorations still hung on January 17, was the perfect antidote to the touristy commotion of Bourbon Street.Step off of bourbon street into this out-of-the-way place and feel like you've stepped into a different world! The lack of ac, the decor, and the people just reinforce the sense that you've been transported into Faulkner's New Orleans. Slower, older and Realer than what's going on outside. 
Bartender Jamison rounded out the experience, a real NOLA original. Ask for any drink and if it's not on the menu he will accommodate, made with care and served with a story. Love it.This place is THE Best!! Gorgeous! Classy! Everything we wanted to experience of Real New Orleans! A Must!  Ask for Chris, best bartender we ever had!! Skip Bourbon Street, don't miss this place!!!Honestly some of the best mixed drinks I've had in a long time (Thanks to Hope an excellent mixologist) .  This newly opened bar is a converted house from the 1800's that has maintained all of the charm and sophistication of the era that most other places in the area have either bypassed or demolished with tourist kitsch.  There are two floors to explore, a smoking courtyard and an upstairs balcony (also supposedly haunted).  They had a interesting fellow playing guitar and the vibe of the place is very laid back and relaxing, which can also be hard to find in the french quarter.
On to the most important part, the booze.  They have an interesting selection of very classic cocktails from the era when you were meant to taste the alcohol in your drink not just cover the taste.  Between my partner in crime and myself we tried the best damn sazerac ever, a ramos gin fizz, a french 75 (my personal favorite, very light and refreshing in any weather) and a key lime martini for funzies.  All the cocktails were perfectly prepared and used no crap/filler ingredients that many other places use.Awesome little bar!  Dark and cozy, with candles lit.  Met an awesome bartender (Byron) & some awesome peeps while we were there.  Bathrooms not too bad lol...This place is AWESOME.  We came here for the after party for our wedding, and could  not have been happier.  The place is incredible.
First, the inside is awesome - has a bunch of different rooms, and there is even an indoor balcony so you can look over the whole place.  We had about 100 people with us who came (and all stayed), so got to spread up to the upstairs, which is equally awesome - several rooms that can be made into a big are when the doors are all open, and has a great little outside balcony where you can see Bourbon (but not right on Bourbon).
Second, the service and drinks were awesome, awesome.  Quick service, everyone had a drink in their hands in no-time, great drinks.   They even held onto after-party dress that I changed into as soon as we got to the bar, AND let me leave my wedding dress there until the next day.
Third, the location is great!  It's about 100 feet from Bourbon - so whether you are with a big group (like we were) and didn't want to be in the middle of all the action, or if you want to get away from all the crazy-craziness, this place is awesome. 
We frequently visit NOLA, and will definitely be back here on our next trip.A nice little bar not too far from the chaos of Bourbon Street. The bartender, Phillip, knows how to mix a drink and was fun to talk to. I went on a slower night, because it was Tuesday, so I hope to check it out when it's a little busier. Either way, a great bar for having a drink in a not too noisy place.Highly recommended!!!   First time to NOLA and visited this gem in Monday because of the bingo. Literally looking through yelp for bar bingo. I couldn't have had a better time with Miss Lucy's burlesque bingo. First of all the bar is super clean, the staff was really nice  - drinks are solid and the bingo itself was so much fun. First class entertainment! Met cool people - locals and visitors alike. Learned fun facts and won prizes! Score!This place was great!! It is a wonderful place to go for a few drinks, listen to live music, and not deal with a lot of the rowdiness that goes on down on Bourbon Street. The owner was the bartender, and he was super friendly and very conversant. There is a guy for security, I guess, out front by the door. The bar is small and intimate. It seems as if they strive to be more low key and classy, even chasing off ones who are being too obnxious just outside the door. An act called Barbarella Blue was singing and that was very nice while we had our drinks and chatted with the bartender. We were sitting less than 5ft from the singer and she engaged with guests in between songs. Nice, cozy little place if you want something more tame. Drinks were great too!!We found this place as a break from walking around all day.  It was pretty low key and the bartender was very friendly.  Drinks were well priced and the actual place was awesome inside.  It was almost like walking into someone's home, inviting and comfortable.  There was a band playing live music that sounded like it was from the 1920's, very cozy.  You have to come in and check this place out!Anything near the French Quarter is awesome. This place has live music, great atmosphere and lovely older feeling to the interior as it possesses history. Lovely spot for a good time.If you ever wanted to get the feeling that you've stumbled onto a set of Louis Malle's Pretty Baby (actually shot at the Columns Hotel), get yourself to Rue St. Louis immediately. While you're at it, take a gander at their cocktail list and order up something classic as you sit at the bar and admire this gorgeous old French Quarter mansion that may or may not have housed those infamous ladies of the night way back in the Storyville days (actually located around Basin St, but I can still dream. I can imagine that EJ Bellocq himself would be happy here too). 
Rue St. Louis has new owners with great plans for this lovely spot. It's a little off Bourbon, but it's classy... so don't expect the typical Bourbon revelry, but something a little more laid back and thoroughly enjoyable for us locals, most of whom avoid Bourbon like the plague unless we have friends in town. And in this case, you can fool your friends and be like, "hey we're steps away from Bourbon! We're here!" - which is what I'd typically do at my other favorite off-Bourbon spot, Patrick's Bar Vin. Dis and Dem Burgers are in the back covered and air conditioned courtyard with plenty of seating. I will soon be back to try the veggie burger. 
I can't wait to see what they do with the beautiful rooms upstairs, which will be for bar overflow on busy nights or rented out for special occasions. I'm all over this place. New favorite French Quarter haunt!