Despite the fact that they were out of the first 3 things I wanted and the dj in the back was too loud, still 5 stars because I loved the atmosphere and it was the perfect place for my first night here. You should go here.I love Bar Redux and all the people that work there.  The food is excellent and you can tell they use higher quality ingredients and make it fresh.  The atmosphere is friendly, casual, and very conducive to talking to friends and strangers.  They also always have cool events going on.  It's a wonderful neighborhood bar.  With that said, I do understand how some people can leave negative reviews for this place but I'll get to them in a second.  I've seen certain bartenders be rude or just completely oblivious to customers but it's never intentional.  I've also seen people be drunk, whiney cry babies over a bartender asking them to move a bike and I'd imagine these are the same types of people leaving these whiney cry baby reviews.  They don't get it and honestly, I'm glad you have to take Bar Redux with a grain of salt sometimes.  It keeps out the overly sensitive suburbanites who come to a historically blue collar downtown New Orleans neighborhood and want to be pampered like they're at Chili's.  Like I said, I love Bar Redux.  5 stars.In a perfect world, we'd all have a corner bar like this one: family owned and operated, with a welcoming attitude that makes even out-of-towners feel like family from the first visit. Good food. GREAT gumbo. Jazz and blues and Motown sounds on the jukebox. Tiny front room with a patio out back for events that draw a bigger crowd. We were there for two of those, an open-mic comedy night (Thursdays) and the Saints v Bears game, for which occasion a ginormous old plasma screen was carried outside so a cadre of fans could enjoy their game under the stars. A Bears fan of my acquaintance was treated gently as his team went down in flames. Lovely people; the heart and soul of my new favorite NOLA neighborhood, the Bywater. If you're here for the holidays, ask about the toy drive benefitting a local shelter for victims of domestic violence.Surprisingly really good food. Got in late and it was the only place open. Despite the appearance of the outside building, the back
Patio was nice and perfect for what we wanted. I had the ribeye cheesesteak which was huge and very flavorful and my wife had the red beans & hot sausage patties and it was good too. Large portions, friendly service, would definitely frequent it often if
We lived hereThis place is amazing, great food, awesome friendly people!  Not too crowded and very reasonably priced!   I will definitely be back here every time I'm in New Orleans!  I just want to say thank you to the family that treated us so well!Bar Redux is my jam. No frills but the best people you will find around. The owner has always been super nice to me and the staff is very friendly. I've come to several shows here as well as to just hangout. I've always left with a smile on my face. The back patio reminds you of hanging out at your friend's house. I've come here several times when Bacchanal is flowing into the street and have always been pleased with my decision. The décor is very cool and the space is small but workable. This is a great neighborhood bar where you can grab a good bite to eat and good chatter with your friends. I loved the laidback atmosphere that is a night without shows but there are some great burlesque and music acts to catch here as well. This place has fun people and nothing too complicated, it's great!This is a great family owned bar with shockingly good food. The owner, her husband and son are so friendly and helpful. The gumbo was amazing, and my folks loved their food too - a burger and fried chicken. The clientele in the bar were similarly super friendly and made us out-of-towners feel welcome. This gem is well worth a visit!So I had the veggie burger which is made in house and let me tell you, you will not find a better one than in this place.  I forgot how much I loved this place!Bar Redux is our new neighborhood bar.... Terrific cocktails, unbelievable food and amazing owners! Trivia on Wednesdays and brunch on Sunday! Our new fav local spot!!!!!We had a blast at Bar Redux. It was the place we came to the most, mostly because it was so close to our AirBnb. Our men dropped entirely too much money at the slot machines and we always enjoyed ourselves. We were here a night or two - I had the gumbo that was decent. The cost in drinks fluctuated a bit depending on who was tending the bar - we ordered pretty much the same thing each night, but nothing over $20 for 2 beers & a shot or two. If you're nearby, definitely put this place on your list. It's chill people who like to have a good time, and play good music either by band, DJ, or Spotify mix.We live in the Barmuda Triangle (J&J, BJ's and Vaughan's), and this is our favorite neighborhood place.  Best wings in town, excellent burgers and sandwiches.  Saints games inside and outside.  Very friendly owners, bartenders and prices.Love love love. Burger and wings and Wednesday night trivia. Kinda wanna keep this a secret but better to keep this place open. Come!!Loved this great corner bar just down the street from The Lookout Inn where we stayed! The owner, the locals, and the bartenders Anthony and Aaron were so fun and welcoming to our crazy gaggle of gals night after night, we thank you! Great drinks, good late night food, the perfect spot.Was on my way to Bachanal after work on Friday and spotted this place. They have a large sign that just says "Bar" out front; I'm intrigued.
I walked in past a few tables out front with a couple customers, and the bartender came inside and chatted with me--very friendly. I was surprised to learn the place has been open a year, and I've never seen or heard of it. They apparently do a lot of events like open mics, comedy, and DJs. Will have to come check it out again.
A cheap, ice cold High Life was all I needed, and they delivered. Great, homey, neighborhood bar. Amazing patio out back--about 7 tables plus a large bench. A breeze and shade from a tree are perfect with a cold beer after a long week.
Can't speak on food, but if I come back, I'll update the review.Hidden gem!  The ribeeye cheesesteak and cuban sandwich were delicious.   Great live  music.   And it's small and unassuming,  so you get a true neighborhood feel. The owner and staff were really warm.Russ and Janya have created a great space for neighbors and local artists at the end of the Bywater. Cheap drinks, always something going on, and great food, usually done by Janya herself! I love this place, and they give so much back to the local community.Love this place! Wednesday night trivia is the best! The manager/bartender is awesome and the owners are also very sweet. The portobello cheesesteak sammy is delicious, and so are the creole wings. There is a great back patio too. Worth a visit.Found this bar on our first night in NOLA because it was down the street from our house.  One of those gems that you don't plan on but manifests itself. Immediately became the home base because of the great people, great drinks, great food.  
Went to this bar every night while in NOLA. Open Mic comedy one night, cards against hummanity another.  Every night was a good time. If you're around, visit.Great atmosphere and the sandwiches are excellent! My brother and I arrived at midnight after traveling all day and we thoroughly enjoyed it.Cool bar. Small, dirty little vibe. Mix of all kinds of people. Super friendly family! They had a comedy show out back with a few local comedians. Food was really good!!! I had a cheese burger that tasted like a greasy burger but it wasn't at all. I highly recommend this place if you're in to dirty little punk rock bars, but want a mix of all walks of life.In my opinion, it's poorly run and unprofessional. Not likely to stand the test of time. To each his own but I can't bring myself to spend 8.75 on a shot of patron or 12 for a burger that falls apart as you try to eat it.We stayed a few doors down at a precious Inn and this place was within walking distance. We walked in and they seriously made us feel like they had known us for years. It was our first time in NOLA and the bartender made us feel right at home! The burger I had was really good and we had the best time. Can't wait to hopefully come back one day.Great spot! Love the vibe and outdoor seating. Had SERIOUSLY good chicken wings and a wide variety of drinks. Heard the gumbo is supposed to be amazing as well, so coming back for that. It's so good, I'm writing this review during "the morning after" ;-)Great bar, great neighborhood, really great staff! I have arrived here dressed up, dressed down, carrying a suitcase, and in a feather boa.  I have yet to be kicked out or refused service. They have a real juke box, pour great drinks, and they feed you late at night.  What more do you need?This is my absolute favorite bar in New Orleans. Redux is the reason I have no groceries in my house 2 blocks away... the food here is amazing. Damien is charismatic and an immediate friend. I love this place... Don't miss out.I've never seen a more stoned server in my entire life. I don't think this dude knew where he was or what was on the menu, but he was friendly as hell. He can pretty much serve as a metaphor for the establishment, which bills itself as carribean and "cajun/ creole", but serves pretty standard run of the mill bar food. None of this however is a complaint. The food is reasonably priced and has the greasy goodness of any decent bar food. The outdoor seating in the back is excellent although be warned it's right next to the train. Overall this place is sort of like bachanal's stoned half-cousin. What it lacks in grace and style it makes up for in atmosphere and attitude. It's also open until late.From the outside you wouldn't know the place had great food. Take a chance and venture inside. Excellent gumbo. Fried chicken was superb - not greasy but very flavorful. If you are lucky it might be chili night. I'm only sorry I'm here for such a short time. Family owned and worth the visitOpened earlier this year by displaced New Yorkers, Russ and Jonya, the Bar Redux features a unique U-shaped bar, great comfort food menu, and interesting events almost every night. Tonight is Trivia Night.
There's an outdoor patio and the decor is very eclectic. The jukebox swings.Interesting crowd, friendly, and unique atmosphere. Service was slow and burger was burnt but portions were huge. Cool dive spot but wouldn't go back for food.Was on a late night bike ride and found this gem. Beautiful space, cold cheap beer and beautiful music. The courtyard is magical!  Didn't try the food, but talked to several people that swore it was legit. Loved this place and will be backSuch am awesome place to chill out and enjoy a cold one. Super friendly barman (middle name Elvis) which explains the Elvis memorabilia. Good music. Awesome vibe. 5 stars!I had to edit my previous review. ..I was indeed kicked out of this establishment for insulting the owners gumbo.... The crappy lying bartender Eric made up a ridiculous story and blew everything up to make it seem like I was angry and shouting because the gumbo was so bad. I actually literally got sick about an hour after I ate it.  When I informed the owner,  she INSISTED that it wasn't their food and it must have been something else I ate. ...  an apology would have been nice, instead i was banned.. which was no big deal as i have only been in there a handful of times. .I was actually laughing because it tasted like crap and was so unbelievably bad.  The musicians that know about this place won't play here as it is commen knowledge that they don't pay what is promised.  The bartender Eric is terrible with an attitude and these people have ZERO respect for their neighborhood and the noise level. No one really goes to this place besides hapless clueless customers that wander in there.  Better off sticking to J&Js and Vaughns.... This place is the neighborhood jokeReally glad I biked back across town and stopped here.  Chill bar, good music, fun people, burger was delicious.  I'll definitely be back sometime.I always feel welcomed here.  The food is delicious; I always get hot sausage with swiss.  So good.  There is outside seating; the yard is pretty.  There are a bunch a different events here.  Check em out.Cool little spot.  Never too crowded when I'm there, but not a ghost town either.  The Hot Sausage sandwich was good and cheap.  The foks who work there are really nice and always have smiles on their faces.  And the Carribean music really sets the mood right.Bar Redux was one of our most authentic drinking experiences in New Orleans. Our bartender Damien made great conversation, and he had a few great dinner recommendations for the rest of our stay on Frenchmen Street! It started raining as we paid our bill and he gave us a complimentary umbrella to take with us as we walked around backbay. We wouldn't visit New Orleans again without stopping by!Wonderful food, would not be able to say enough about it. I've eaten there several times and it's all top of the line. I live right here in the neighborhood and will continue to go there at the drop of a hat. Nice patio out back and nice entertainment.  Love living so close. . . Score.This was my last spot before leaving NOLA on my trip. It's a family own bar and everyone is awesome here from the staff to the locals. Music was good and food was excellent. Next time I visit I will def stop back in here. Best place to just chill and chat it up with locals.This place is great! Great service,great atmosphere,Awesome food. If you wanna see real New Orleans then stop in for a drink and some food. Cool stuff going on every night,this is prob my fav place now. If I could give ten stars I would.I'll be honest,  I wasn't sure what to expect from this place. The patrons and owners were quirky, and the music was eclectic, but overall the place had a friendly, laid back vibe. We sat out on the back patio under a tree lit up with lights. The ambiance was lovely. The owner came out and sat down at our table, introducing herself and asking if we had any questions. She made some recommendations and then took our order. My vegan quinoa burger with added bacon (since I'm clearly not vegan) was tasty and MASSIVE. Everything is made in house and you can taste the quality. My girlfriend got the gumbo and loved it. Overall a successful little place with good food. If I lived in the area I may even become a regular.I went in with a great expectation of a wonderful brunch what I got was a bartender who was not behind the bar for 15 minutes whenever she did get there she was so flustered over broken bottle that she seem to neglect everyone in the bar I understand this is a dayshift but come on really you got to better.needless to say I left without having brunch thanks to the bartenderDidn't eat here but the bartender was awesome and gave me some great places to check out while I was visiting NOLA.Best nachos I've ever had period! And this awesome British chick told me the cheese steak was also bangin.  Excellent service hidden gem!!!This is a fun place! It's very colorful on the outside with strange cat paintings. It's dark and dreary on the inside. It was completely empty when we visited, but the bartender was super attentive. The outdoor seating is pretty cool. It is casual and intimate with a little tucked away garden area. They say they have plans for a few TV's to be placed outside for football season.
The bartender must have been bored because he kept bringing us mini drink creations. We were so hungover from the day before so it was hard to assess if they were even good drinks. At one point I asked him what drink was on the Yelp photos and showed him the pic, to which he replied "I don't know but I'll call the bartender." Um, aren't you the bartender? It was a little weird but comical as well.
The food took forever, like 45 minutes. And we were the only people there! I think he had to call in the cook too. It was a one man show in the kitchen I saw later. But still, it seemed like a ridiculously long time. I would have understood and been more forgiving had the place been packed.
I had the island burger which is a veggie burger with quinoa. It was a little too mushy for my liking but the flavor was good. My sister had the "real" burger and said it was really good. I had a salad on the side that was really fresh and good. My friend had a Caesar salad that looked really good but he was too hungover to eat.
I know this review is contradictory, but I actually really liked it here. My only complaint was how long everything took, they could be a little more prompt. It is like the friendly little new neighborhood hot spot. It has a limited menu but the food is pretty good. I'll be back, especially to sit on the patio in the cooler months.Good little eatery in the Bywater. Cozy bar with an outside patio. Hip bands and awesome food. The size of the burger is insanity. Highly recommend in the Bywater area.After long ago tiring of the many overpriced or plain old crappy food in Bywater, we were on our way to Bacchanal last night for dinner and a bottle of wine when we couldn't find parking and kept driving on until we noticed Bar Redux on the right. One of us had heard/read about the new addition to the neighborhood and we decided to try it out. So happy we did! We met one of the owners upon walking in and who graciously offered to make an amendment to a veggie burger for me. The quinoa and black bean burger was exceptional. It was a lovely texture and deliciously flavored through and through. And came with some fresh-cut fries which were also delicious. My partner had the jerked nachos, which were great-tasting. We had 2 of the drink specials with muddled strawberry, mint, basil and vodka and eagerly slurped them right up and wished it was a weekend so we could have about 5 more apiece. The patio was quiet, smoke-free and perfect for our dinner. All in all, we're thrilled there's a place with decently-priced food with outdoor seating, super friendly and informative owners, super good fresh veg options and is in our neighborhood. We'll definitely be back! See their write-up in this week's Gambit on page 26.Awesome patio.  Great space in general, I love the color, I love the decor, it is all around pleasant place to be.
Plus they have this tasty gumbo, that I think I had seven bowls of this last weekend.
Sorry hyperbole, it was only two, but man they were good.Great bar, great food, great drinks, great people!! Bar redux has it all. It's a family owned bar and they also work there. Super polite and friendly. Damian is the bartender on weekends and is fantastic. Very friendly and professional and always ready to spark conversation. I haven't had a bad experience yet. My favorite bar in Nola. Tuesday nights they have some pretty good comedy and they keep their Facebook page up to date. I highly recommend this bar if you are visiting, just check out their Facebook page to see what's going on.I like Bar Redux. I really like Bar Redux.
This place makes you feel like you are hanging out in a friend's basement. I said that same thing about Dos Jefes, but the difference here is that the basement belongs to a cool friend and not your parents. The bar is on the divier side, but the staff is friendly and eager to please. It's definitely a neighborhood place and that patrons are more than happy to make a bit of chit chat.
On this particular night the patio was closed, because there was no band, so I didn't really get to get a feel of that part of the place. It was also really hot out, so I wasn't complaining. I've also heard that they have amazing food, so I will have to see what the kitchen has to offer when I return.We stumbled upon this gem during the second week of jazzfest when renting a home in the area.   We were quickly greeted by the bartender and owner who established a great connection with us all.    It was late and we ordered the cheesesteak and fries-  it was delicious.  The kitchen was technically closed so they went out of their way to ensure a great time.   
We met all the owners and they were so very pleasant and gave us great recommendations for the city.   We will definitely be back and can't wait to see you all again- thanks for making us feel at home!  
Wishing you all the best of luck!Went over for the comedy show. The backyard area is super cute and last night was the perfect weather to sit outside.
Staff was friendly and everyone at the bar was pretty cool.
Some folks ordered food and it looked and smelled good. Maybe on my next visit I will try some food.This cool little dive at the very bottom of the 9th has surprisingly delicious vegetarian food. They prepare all veggie dishes on a separate surface to ensure no cross contamination happens. I'm not a strict vegetarian, though I appreciate when a place does it right for those who are. The veggie burger is the best I've had anywhere in New Orleans, by a long shot. If you like meat too, get it with bacon. It's outstanding. The bartenders are friendly, nice outside area for live music. Good all around.Stumbled upon Redux when visiting a friend in Bywater.  The actual bar and neon sign is from an old dive in NE Minneapolis - where I live!   Super good burger, friendly staff.This is a family bar. Meaning, the son bartends, the dad cooks and the mom chats with the crowd. It's amazingly comfortable here.
Also, the food is great, the drinks are cheap and the bar is beautiful. All the patrons talk to each other, too. It's a win.I rarely give poor reviews, but holy crap was the service here TERRIBLE. The bartender gave us nothing but a snide attitude since we came in!. We wanted to order a few drinks she said we had to wait. Ok no prob. I ask her for some menus for drinks. Their menu is a food menu. No biggie. My friends order. Two beers, me a ginger beer (dd) She takes the order and has an attitude with each order we give (especially  mine). Sorry we inconvenienced your establishment with business. Take a course in front of the house hospitality Ms. Snide bartender. Even though we sat at a table, please dont assume menus imply food service. Drink menus are no where to be found. And there was no room at the bar for us.Cute little place with a back patio, super friendly, and THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS I have ever had. This is not even the Abita talking - I was sober when I ate them. I got the spicy BBQ and it was just the right amount of spice, co-drinker got the dry rubbed ones and loved 'em. MMMMM WANGS. That is all.Super great neighborhood bar in the Bywater/almost 9th ward (?). They have key lime pie and dive bar prices. Nice little patio with djs and live music sometimes.Found this place randomly when we were down in the Marigny for Chewbacchus.  It was awesome!  I had the jerked pork sandwich.  The pork melted in my mouth and the spices were perfection.  The Vietnamese bread made me very happy.  Thank u Calvin for a delicious meal  u are wonderful!!  Also snuck some of my boyfriend's gumbo, and it was phenomenal.  Do ur self a favor and eat here!I've been several times and in terms of atmosphere I think it's the best bar in Bywater. In terms of drinks, I think they're still getting there.
Smoke-free inside with a nice patio outside. They don't have the music on loud, the clientele have been chill so far, there's a very attentive bartender named Aaron, and the decor is hip enough without being distracting. Aside from the pleasant indoor environment, their food is probably their biggest positive. Super good cheesesteak, and a few other pub food samplings I've had makes the case that this is the bar in Bywater to eat at. The kitchen is also open late, so keep that in mind.
My one point of criticism for Redux is that they try cutting back on the sugar in the cocktails. Me and the drinking partner both feel that the cocktails tend to be too far on the sweet side. Other than that, rock on, Redux!Redux burger was delicious. I honestly think it's the best in the city! It's a small place, very cozy! There's a patio too! The bartender was very sweet. Makes me want to make this my regular place. If only I lived closer!!Dive bar?  Maybe if you're from Cali or New Jersey?  Cheap good eats?  I paid $10 for a "bowl" of jambalaya, against my better judgment, and I got three huge pieces of toast and three spoonfulls of jambalaya flavored rice.  Worst deal I've ever had in New Orleans.  Maybe I shouldn't judge based on one experience, but the gall of anyone to serve me $3 worth of mediocre jambalaya for $10 and present themselves as a cheap locals kind of place; it just pisses me off.  This is just another one of those places capitalizing on the New Orleans look and how cool it is if you just moved here from somehwere else where you are used to higher prices and low quality.Hidden gem. Excellent. Can't really express how excited I am to find a new spot in NOLA.
Chicken sausage gumbo was some of the best I've ever eaten in this city.This place literally saved our night! After being treated horribly elsewhere, this was exactly what we needed. Sure, it wasn't the foodie food we were trying to get in first place but they have good drinks and tasty food and lots of love. It felt like we were sitting in an old friend's backyard. The owners and the chef are amazing people! You can tell that they truly enjoy what they are doing and anytime we are back in New Orleans, we will most definitely be back to visit!First time here. Came for the food, not the rock music (not my swag). My boyfriend had the fried chicken and red beans. The whole dish was awesome. The chicken was seasoned perfectly. I had the Cuban sandwich. It was delightful. I'll be back to try other items on the menu.This is the spot!  Friendly atmosphere. Great food. Plenty of libations. Awesome music. Live entertainment (on select nights) that include poetry, burlesque, bands & artists. Every time I come here the owners welcome me and every time I leave they thank me for coming.  I always am made to feel welcome like I am family.  The decor is eclectic and artistic. They have great taste. This is a smoke free bar, which is nice, but they have an outside courtyard in which you can enjoy a smoke.  The courtyard is wonderfully decorated and lit. I recommend anyone who enjoys good food and a clean, friendly "neighborhood bar" feel.  Hats off to you!  This IS my new favorite bar/restaurant!Ate here a few times. Gumbo is almost as good as my moms.  Have had Kelvin's ribeye cheese steak and it's so good.  Cool little outside space. Have to order at the bar but it works out. Great spot to drink a beer after the game.Randomly stumbled into this bar on a weekend trip and couldn't be happier I did.  From the moment I walked in I felt like I had been a regular here my entire life.  Damien was an amazing bartender and the entire staff went out of their way to make sure my friends and I were having a great time.  Chill atmosphere,  great drinks, and AMAZING food!  After two nights out on Bourbon, this was my favorite spot on my trip by far.  I look forward to stopping in for more drinks and good times the next time I'm in town.I generally prefer to support bars owned by locals, the owners of this bar are from New York. The few times I did visit, they were either out of the item I selected from the menu or refused to do something as simple as put cheese on my fries when they have both fries and cheese. There are so many bars in New Orleans that I wouldn't even waste my time.I felt unwelcome as soon as I hit the door... The lady bartender was nice... But the people on there were rude and they talked about me in my face... But the straw that broke the camel's back was the fact I called the guy with the red curly hair like 5 times and he didn't answer and when I stopped for 5 seconds he turns around with a smile and walks to me and I have him a look like "really" and he kept smiling... Then I say... "You know what.. Nevermind" and he backs up chuckling and turns around to talk to the lady bartender. I have never experienced so much hate on one place for simply coming in to get something to eat... I thought this was a family environment that's why I came... But clearly if you don't look like them your aren't family. I wouldn't recommend this place to the homeless if the food and drinks were free... The unsettling vibe isn't worth it!If I had to pick a favorite neighborhood bar, it would be this place. Good prices, good bar food, and I really like the usual bartender (damien). I appreciate their beer and bourbon selection, too. Also, they do fun events and it's always been a good crowd, mostly locals.Family owned and run neighborhood bar with a limited menu. BUT! Everything our group of 8 ordered was delicious! Live music, low to moderate prices, great and accommodating service. We went back the next night for a night cap and a snack.Cute dive bar with top shelf bourbon and liquor drinks a mere $6 (not limited to happy hour) plus a patio space with live music and a banging menu of NOLA classics plus standard pub fare.  Even though I'm a wing-snob, the wings here were completely on point. Also gobbled up the nacho fries, jambalaya and red beans and rice which were all tasty too.Wanted to get the nachos but when I called, the guy on the phone said they haven't served that in over 6 months. Only problem was he was quite rude about it. Kinda made fun of me for relying on Yelp for their menu pics. I said if it wasn't for Yelp, I never would have thought about going there. 
However, that still didn't stop the bad service....ended up getting a burger since that also had good reviews (according to Yelp again.) My mid-well burger patty was a black disk of severely burnt meat. Obviously inedible, I was shocked they would serve something like that. And because I had done takeout, I just ended up throwing the entire thing away.
I'm only giving them 2 stars because it was good bread. And I respect any place not using plain white buns.
But I doubt I'll ever be back. Complete waste of my time and money.Awesome little dive bar with great live music, cheap and strong drinks and the food is unexpectedly good.We visited this bar over the past weekend-our first eating establishment in NOLA. It wasn't that good-awful actually. We order jambalaya & it was clumpy and not flavorful at all. Considering this is a NOLA standard, this was quite shocking. We also ordered the wings, but they didn't have the sauce we wanted so we settled for something else. The wing were ok though. The drinks were the worse. We ordered margaritas & the bartender's special. Even the drinks were nasty! 
The reviews said this was a dive bar & it definitely was! I would expect the food & drinks to be better. Maybe we just got them on a bad night...at least the prices are reasonable...Love this place. I don't eat beef so I haven't had a cheesesteak in years and I loved the vegetarian portabella cheese steak. Great dive bar too on the edge of the BywaterThe patio for this place is ambient and super-special, especially when there's a live band playing. It really is incredible. 
That said, the food is disgusting - the gumbo is watered down and bland, and the red beans and "sausage" made me ill. The bartender also had a sassy comment in earshot about me ordering a vodka cranberry. I was tired of beer for once!This TRULY neighborhood place is terrific & the food is AWESOME! Simple fare, burgers, chicken, gumbo, vegan choices (the sweet potato/bean chili was da BOMBDIGGIDY! You REALLY dont miss the meat, & it was pleasantly spicy,)'& the Louisiana Hot Wings were JUST RIGHT...tangy, slightly spicy, & crunchy but not hard. The prices are like a real, neighborhood bar/rest. Altho the drinks are generous, & they use premium liquors, they are $6...so can run up kinda quick! They have a really nice courtyard, live music, & are a good place for local, national & political news discussions. A SUPER old school music jukebox plays until live music starts around 9p. If you''re a local & lookin for a fun, laidback place to hang, THIS is your place! Ask for Calvin...tell him Darlene & Liberty sent you!Love this place more than any other..
Great atmosphere, food, staff, and backyard events of all kinds...We pulled into town at dusk, tired of driving all day and we were unfortunately bit by the bug of food poisoning. Our minds wanted to get out on the town, Bourbon Street included, but as the minutes ticked away, we decided on a place away from the french quarter and to take a big bite out of NOLA another day. We initially went to a place not too far from this place, they had an extremely large party & the wait was more than we could bear. So we looked up another option close by... so happy we "stumbled" upon Bar Redux in our search for easy, delicious and entertaining. They hit the mark, it's not fancy, it's not pretentious, it's the real deal and delivered in more ways than one! Thanks Bar Redux, the live band Elephant's Gerald did not disappoint and you delivered on drinks, food & price. We'll be back!