Seems like it's a very nice place for visitors and locals, the place smells like seafood but it's very nice calm and it's not crowdedI absolutely love the dark red european sultry vibes of this bar! There is a bookcase that you can enter from giving the bar a speakeasy feel. If your looking for superb drinks and tapas this is your place! Perfect for date night and a girls night out. Definitely try their old fashioned and scallop tapa.Ok. I'm a sucker for a decadent speak-easy vibe. This has it. I love the soothing entrance through the arbor of green. I love the heavily pigmented jewel tone hues all around the intimate space from the rich blood red walls to the velvet salmon loveseats. We actually arrived during the day as they were open early for Taste of Cocktails happening in the city this weekend. The bartender was appropriately engaging and indulged my husband's endless questions about the various spirits. She even let him read some of the bottles. He is an obsessed craft cocktailer....We didn't have any food but did manage to sample quite a few of their rotating cocktails. All excellent. I almost jumped for joy when I saw someone enter the secret study. Truly, a luxuriously appointed secret space that I hope to take advantage of on my next visit. Absolutely, loved this place on a quiet Friday afternoon.Bar Marilou opened this week and I was there on the 5th night.  As is normal with any new establishment, they seem to be still finding their footing so it's hard to be too critical at this point.  So here's my take as of week 1 and a little 411 on the property itself.  
The ACE hotel bought the building next to them and made it the Ace's luxury property.  This bar is attached to that new luxury hotel (the name escapes me...sorry).  So as you might expect, this bar also has a luxury, swanky ambience and décor with deep red walls and a rather large bookcase encompassing most of one wall.  Kind of like as if you stumbled into a millionaire's large personal library.  It's supposed to be cool and impressive...but to me it's a bit pretentious, like it's trying a bit too hard.  As my friend said, "If I was in New York, LA, or Chicago this would feel right.  But this is NOLA, and it feels out of place for this lifelong NOLA native.  
When you walk in, you get the feeling it's supposed to have a hip, jazzy, cool vibe but the noise level is too high for that.  It's because the music is too loud and everyone is trying to talk over it.  That's a simple fix, dial down the volume.  The lighting levels are way off too.  They actually kept fooling with it while we were there trying to find that sweet spot.  It went from too dark where you couldn't read the menu to way too bright where it lost it's cool vibe, to almost right...for the 2 hours we were there.  Unless you have eagle eyed vision, you'll probably be using the flashlight on your phone to read the slightly overpriced and slightly pretentious menus.  
We nibbled on the Acccras De Morue (salted cod fritters) which you get about 6 little bite sized balls for $12; and the Pommes Marilou (6 tiny bite sized crispy potato cube with crème fraiche and caviar) for $18; and drank the Sea, Sex and Sun (frozen rose concoction) for $9; and the Postcard from Bangkok ( a vodka, coconut, grapefruit cocktail seved in a copper bird shaped vessel) for $12.  
Was it a cool place worth the visit? Yes.  Was it worth the price? ehhh.  Is it a place I'd add into my regular rotation? Probably not.  Is it a place I'd return to on occasion when feeling the need for a little swankiness? Possibly, it remains TBD.Drinks were different - but super delicious. The atmosphere is so incredibly comfy, it almost felt like I was stepping into an exclusive club in the 1950s. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because our server was very aggravating. She only checked on us once like 30 minutes after we got our drinks. When we decided to cash out for the night we explained how we wanted our checks split between the 7 of us and she said "let's split it three ways evenly to make it easier for me."Upon walking into this very much swanky interesting bar was greeted and warmly welcomed in and sat on an animal print couch. Then it took 20 minutes and we had to get up to go to the bar to try and put a drink order in which the bartender declined to take our order and said she we could send some one over...no one came. Finally the greeter who was not a server came over and asked what we wanted and our our order in. So first if they need to work on training the servers to be prompt and not be so rude (maybe it is how they are exuding the French theme?). Out of the three drinks we ordered sea, sex, sun/dangerous liaisons/postcard from Bangkok, the postcard was delicious and had a cute presentation in a copper bird with a copper straw, very delightful. For food we tried the anchovies, pommes Marilou, and the Accras de Morue. Loved the anchovies and cod but would not order the pommes Marilou again. Overall the ambience is cool would pop back for a drink if the service improved.Cool spot overall, very swanky. The drink's were delicious.Delightful, sophisticated and sexy!!  The drinks are so good, you won't want to leave and the small plates that we had were delicious and interesting.  Can't go back there fast enough!Loved the vibes of this bar! Had a kind of spooky/speak easy kind of feel to it. The drinks were yummy but were quite small. I need to go back and try some of the food options they offered. The night I went, there was a free tarot card reader, which was a fun addition. Also, there was a live jazz band which for with the feel of the bar. I'll be back.What a neat little place to grab a drink and munch on food!  A friend and I decided to hang out here for happy hour on a Saturday.  The place was a little busy, but we were able to find seats.  The entrance is a little hard to find.  We first went into the boutique hotel next door and the concierge was kind enough to walk us down the slightly hidden path.  He recommended two of his favorite drinks which was the Jardin de meme and the Postcard from Bangkok.  Both of us took his recommendation and it did not disappoint.  Postcard from Bangkok was visually appealing.  It came in this copper bird and it was refreshing drink.  I also got a Paloma, which was also refreshing and had a jalepeno kick to it.  We ordered the the happy hour snacks (olives, fried chickpeas, cheese, and almonds), ceviche, and burrata.  The flavor of the ceviche was good, but I felt it was heavy on the avocado.  The burrata, however was underwhelming.  It lacked flavor and I felt it could have use some additional bread.  Overall, we really enjoyed our drinks and the atmosphere.  I'm looking forward to trying some of the other food and drink options on a future visit.Went here for late night drinks. They had a variety of unique beverages to try. Parking was easy to find on the street. This is a good place to go for a fun night out!Amazing waitress. Such a cool vibe and great cocktails. Such a unique and special place to hang out and enjoy some really good cocktails.The ambiance is easy to see. We came In opening night and staggered times were not planned for the guest. All went as well as it could and all personnel held it together. 
The food was gonna be obviously late with the mass show of guests without supervision. Overall take was good , food was so so  to bad , and that's ok also. The cool servers were cool and the uptight ones still uptight. No problem !! Opening days ! Things change or do they !? We came back later in the month  and the up tight servers were uptight and the food still bad. Our waiter , Tylar was cool and candid and steered us past a repeat of opening night. The  5 star building/lounge is really a magical place. 
You have a couple of cool cat servers that get your layout and genre and a few trying to spread mayo on the vibe. 
Gonna morph but why morph the builders vision ?!
We live here and only want cool hangouts to find their freedom without every travel magazine shitting in the soup with reviews before they can get off the ground with their own wings , WHICH WOULD BE EASY IF YOU WANNA LET IT "From the beautiful arched walkway you step into a totally unexpected "Step back in Time" bar and from that point the evening is just beginning!! Find a cozy sofa, comfy chair, jazzy little bar stool or quiet little table and settle in for a delightful menu of drinks, food and fun. Everything including the cocktails and wine list have a French/European flair and there are moments you glance around and feel sure the entire place was picked up as is and brought from Paris!! Be daring with the wine list! You will not be disappointed. It is seriously difficult not to have a wonderful evening!!!I'd give this place 3.5 stars, beautiful ambience and a great way to start/end a night with drinks. We got here around 9:30 on a Thursday night and it was pretty packed. It's a beautiful lounge/ bars and very enjoyable to be in. Our drinks were great- definitely no stinginess in alcohol and presented beautifully. Very reasonably priced- $27 for 2 drinks, definitely not a price we'd pay in NYC. Service was lackluster/kind of rude but not overly awful.One of my favorite spots in the city. As an elite, I have been to many new spots and this place has it going on! The bar is in the Maison de la Lux hotel (Ace property). 
The drinks were so good. We ordered the postcard from bangkok, jardin de meme and dhango. The chartreuse marshmallows were also good. 
The scallops were amazing and so were the pommes Mariolou (crispy potatoes with blackberries on top). 
I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND DROPPING ALL PLANS AND HEADING HERE before it is filled with regulars.Overall decent bar. Not super touristy but it is connected to a hotel. Service was kinda confusing - servers were unsure if customers had been taken care of. No designated tables for each server etc. drinks were good but on the spendy side. Interior decoration and bathrooms were awesome. Great job on that.After hearing good things about this place decided to swing by with a friend the other night. I enjoyed the atmosphere here and all of the decorations! We got here on a Friday night around eight pm and were able to find seating fairly easily but when we left around nine pm all of the seats were taken. We ordered a cocktail that the bartender recommended to us, something with the word Bangkok in it, and it was quite delicious! It was also served in a gold bird which was a nice added touch! A lot of the cocktails on the menu sounded interesting so looking forward to going again and trying more!Great French atmosphere and great cocktails. I think no matter what you decide to get (drink-wise) you won't be disappointed! Friendly servers and barkeepers. Great spot to hang out with your significant other or some good friends!Loved this place. I stopped in for a drink after work about an hour before they closed. It was still quite busy. I like the fact that they have table service in case you come with a group and don't have to elbow through to get to the bar. The overall vibe and lighting was great, the red look over things was nice. I got the Call Me Alice drink with Mezcal and Gin and it was quite delicious. Definitely will be paying another visitBar Marilou is an ultra chic, hip restaurant located downtown. The entrance is discrete to create a secretive, personal atmosphere. The interior is decorated like an old school living room/library with very small tables, comfy chairs, couches, and a small bar as the main seating options. The menu is crisp and is designed to be shared. The drinks list is extensive and impressive. There are many unique cocktails featuring lesser known spirits and ingredients. I went with a friend on a Thursday night and it was full but we did not have to wait. We ordered the gougeres, burrata, and the famous pommes marilou. It was delightfully decadent meal full of cheese and carbs. The gougeres were crisp on the outside and an explosion of creamy cheese on the inside. The burrata was a delightfully tangy cheese meant to be spread on toasted bread. The pommes marilou were exciting blocks of fried potato that were crispy and airy with a wonderful topping of crème fraiche and salty caviar. We ordered a few cocktails but I only specifically remember the Starman cocktail. It was a light and pleasant cocktail to start off my evening. The service at Bar Marilou was excellent and I really loved the intimate atmosphere. It would be a great restaurant for a date night. They also have a secret door that is exciting to watch people come and go through.Wonderful experience!!! The food was mediocre but the service made up for that!-the cute blonde who waited on us went over and above the call of duty for our table. I could tell see was tired but that didn't prevent her from taking care all our needs efficiently and with a smile. She was a gem! Will come again because of her and the atmosphere.A lovely addition to the CBD. 
I very much enjoyed the small bites--Pommes Marilou in particular. 
Excellent selection of spirits and lovely drinks.Great little cocktail bar. I didn't try any of the food although it looked great. The bartenders were very nice and I loved the drink they suggestesMy friends and I went here for the first time last night. We are locals, but met two people at the bar that were visiting. One of the people we met went to order a drink at the bar and was treated very poorly by a bartender, "Sam." To make a long story short, Sam was extremely rude to him for no reason and caused a major scene, which all who were listening were shocked and confused by. One of the waiters noticed how we had been treated by their coworker and brought all of us champagne and apologized on their behalf, which was nice. Later on my friend who had just arrived went to get a drink and told Sam how she'd like it made only to be told that the bartender is a "purist" and didn't want to make her drink as requested. I just don't understand why someone who has such a bad attitude is in the service industry. I'm not at all the type to complain, but feel it necessary considering the people we just met had to leave the bar early because they felt so uncomfortable by the way they had been treated.This place is so great! The bartenders are amazing and so friendly. Every drink was delicious! The ambiance is fantastic too. Great place to have a drink and the food is great too. If your Reading this just go right now!I've had not the best experience my first time there. The place is absolutely gorgeous, original design idea, great atmosphere. The only concern I have is why were we taxed on just 2 glasses of bubbly?!? I work in a bar industry and to my knowledge there's no such thing as city tax nor state tax on alcohol in Nola. When approached server with the question she had no answer to it. If I'm wrong I'll change my rating bc obviously 1 star is for the taxes charge on solely alcoholAbsolutely love the atmosphere here and all staff is very helpful. Cocktails and small bites on menu are unique and delicious!What a treasure of a find. Mondays/Tuesdays open only to guests of Maison La Luz. So we had it all to ourselves. Bartender was expert and accommodating. Cozy, intimate. Drinks excellent.A very fun and eclectic bar, with fun surprises inside. What I liked most about it was that there were all types of people there, young and old, hip and middle of the road, and nobody felt or looked out of place. The staff was very nice too.I am so disappointed by this place. They held an event with a chef from France. I was visiting from out of state with my wife on vacation and tried to purchase two tickets to the event. There was only one ticket left so I purchased it for my wife. I then called the restaurant days in advance to see if they would allow me to buy  another ticket. I never received a call back - nothing. I arrived with my wife and asked again if I could attend. I was told no as there would be no room and it was oversold. So, they obviously were willing to sell tickets to others but not me. When the event was over, my wife I formed me that others showed up looking to attend. The hostess told them they could attend but had to wait until everyone had received their free drink. So, I was apparently the only one not good enough to attend. I will never give this establishment one penny of my business. So disappointing and unnecessary.Some local friends arranged to meet us here for drinks, and I'm glad they did. This place has a great atmosphere, and the drinks were superb.Beautiful romantic atmosphere. Love the library look. The content of the books themselves were right up my cosmic alley. Menu has a nice selection.  They didn't have iced tea as listed on the menu. Some more vegan/gluten free options would be nice. Great place to hangout.I really really enjoyed my experience here last Thursday night. Wasnt too crowded at all and the live music was a really nice touch. The decorations and ambiance perfectly paired traditional decadent NOLA with a cosmopolitan Euro Feel. We ordered one of the caviars and blue crab fritters to pair with a myriad of cocktails. Before I go into detail about the cocktails, let me just say the CAVIAR is absolutely A MUST. So delicately paired with this flaky potato situation that I thoroughly enjoyed. But back to the cocktails! I started with the "If I Ever Cease to Love." Super cute presentation, a bit sugary if you're into that but the passion fruit and ginger really rounded out the flavor. Then I had the "Femme Fatale", typical "girly" drink, more sugary but the glitter presentation made it so worth it. The "Blind Serpent" was my fav. Refreshing and tasty. I finished with the "Nain Rouge" and it was also a super good pick me up and just plain delish. Will 100% be returning!"Unapproachable" and "felt invisible"....I noticed these comments in other reviews and I'm here to echo them, and add "condescending".   My partner and I know our way around a good cocktail menu, but when I saw they had a "frozen drink of the day", I inquired what that was - I was told curtly, a "frozen lemon drink with berry swirl" and another ambiguously described drink.  I chose the "lemon drink", and upon my first sip I realized it was actually the menu item "frozen Suze with Creme de Cassis", which I had seen and decided against, since I like but do not love Suze.  Whatever, I choked it down; I'm not a monster.  
We debated having another round because while it is an undeniably gorgeous place to hang out, we were getting the strong feeling that the staff thought "we might be more comfortable somewhere else". We powered through these feelings. There's an aperitif section of the menu, of which there were one or two drinks I was not familiar with, so again, I inquired about those items and the response: "bitter drinks".  Thanks for the in-depth explanation of the complexities of the different vermouths.  Geeze.  My partner had ordered the delicious but strange "Shadows"-bourbon/amaro/chai/stout for his first drink, and asked the bartender what she thought might be a nice follow-up to that wild flavor combination.  She said flatly "I don't know; I hate that drink".  We just ordered our go-to's: a beer for him and Campari and soda for me, knocked them back, and got the hell out of there.  
We also noted that the bartender and a couple other servers were doing some tastings and experimenting with new drinks at the other end of the bar (they had just opened and weren't very busy), so we overheard a lot of chatter about the complexities of the various things they were trying, so this bartender was not new/novice in any way; that was not her reason for the vague answers.  Just good old fashioned condescension.
I get that probably a good portion of folks don't actually know what Suze is, or if/when they hear "bitter drinks", they're an immediate "no".  But folks that end up at this somewhat out-of-the way place probably have sought it out and likely know the difference between Averna, Campari, and Lillet, and if not, EXPLAIN it! Treat your customers with some respect and you'll avoid 1 and 2 star reviews.  
If you're looking for an equally gorgeous bar with wonderful service and fun, gracious staff, skip this place and head across the quarter to The Elysian Bar.We went here after a night at Yo Nashi. It reminded me of the old bars from the 90's in NOLA. Cool atmosphere with good drinks. Live the red and black decorations. Great music. No pictures cuz I was too drunk. Don't judge me...it's NOLA.Yum! I had an amazing espresso martini! I will be back for another! The only downfall of this bar at the moment is that you must order food if you want to order drinks. I had just come from dinner and was coming to the bar for after dinner drinks and therefore was not excited about having to order food. I understand that's at bars are following this protocol because of COVID so I didn't get too annoyed about it. They recommended we just order a small order of
Mixed nuts to to count as our food order. It worked out and we ended up eating the nuts anyway! I love this barGreat spot for a drink away from the noise and crowds of Bourbon Street. We were drawn in by the library decor and really enjoyed the plush furniture and Mint Juleps. My mother-in-law had a coffee stout that was amazing. The cocktail menu is very creative.COVID-19 Vaccinated review:
We tried to wander in here on a Saturday evening around 9 pm and were told that they were full, but the hostess took down my name and number and said she'd call if they got any no-shows. We came back around 10:15 pm and found a number of tables empty, with others emptying. (Note: At the time, bars were closing at 11 pm per city mandate due to COVID, although I don't quite understand the logic behind this.) We were seated immediately, with the hostess claiming that she had been "just about to call."
Service was a bit strange; a woman came up to us and asked if we needed anything, and we had to tell her we'd just been seated and didn't have a server. She immediately walked away without much explanation, then came back a few minutes later and took our orders. It sort of felt like she felt she wasn't really supposed to be taking orders but hadn't been able to find anyone else to do it. Kinda weird. Service was good once she committed to serving us, though.
My first drink was the jardin de meme, which was quite tasty, and my boyfriend liked the Tokyo Record so much he had two of them. For my second drink, I tried one called Corn, which was a current feature with popcorn-infused mezcal. It was very interesting. I'd like to try the Panic Hammock next time, which sounds like a spicy margarita with a hint of banana? The Nardine also sounded tasty, but I believe it's also in the temporary rotation -- a list that appears to feature drinks from "partner" bars in Paris (at least at the moment).
Since we were required to order food even though we'd just had a full 3-course dinner, we got the charceuterie, which they define very literally as JUST meats (no cheese). It was a ridiculously small portion, and I would have been pretty pissed about that if we had actually wanted substantial food.
Frankly, the atmosphere here is just so cool, and we discovered this place very accidentally rather than intentionally seeking it out, so those factors and some interesting cocktails made it a 4-star experience. The people-watching here is a bit absurd, too...good entertainment factor there.I'm so glad this bar is able to operate during covid. I had such a lovely time here this past weekend. I love the atmosphere here. The waitress was very friendly and suggested a drink I have never tried before but fell in love with. The small plates were original and very good. I will definitely be back in the future.Cool little speakeasy. Entrance is a narrow tree/plant lines long "corridor".  Good menu of local drinks + classics. They have beer and wine + tapas. We didn't have food but menu looked interesting.We fell in love with this cocktail bar! From the chic atmosphere to the craft cocktails, WOW! This is a must see in NOLA!This is such a cool spot, it's a hidden gem! I had their Santa Sangre drink which was super great and the gold dust woman which was my fav out of the two! My wife had the blind serpent which was delicious and super light to drink on a humid day. She also had the petite bétise which I didn't care for but she loved it isn't sweet but it is flowery. We also tried the blue crab fritters OMG you have to get these and the Gougères Aux Èpoisses seriously should order these too it's all small plates so they are fun to get while enjoying a few cocktailsLove love love this amazing French style parlour/lounge in the heart of the city! Drinks..awesome and well executed, creative and intriguing just like the ambiance! It's the extra and decadent we've come to expect from French style without being pretentious and off putting. Velvety fabrics, satin, rich reds and assorted colors make up this amazing spot. I personally sat on a mustard yellow chaise. Low vintage lighting, an extensive bookshelf with books you can enjoy if you'd like...funky yet chic flooring and did I mention there's a hidden entrance in the bookshelf? You can opt to sit at the bar or make a reservation to perch upon some of the most amazingly beautiful yet functional furniture. Reservations are best so you can be seated and not take a quick seat until those who have reserved a table have arrived. Theres also a Great little nook spot for a moderately sized group of up to 10 or so in the corner. Bites are served until 11. I had the stuffed mushrooms and the Country ham board--both delicious. Friends had the burger and thoroughly enjoyed. 
Cocktails were superb...The Lover Speaks seems to be the best secret cocktail on the menu. Simple ingredients make it straight to the point and absolutely amazing. I loved the Go Ask Alice. Reminded me of an Old Fashioned with a hint of sweetness. The mezcal makes it smoky and wonderful. My other two friends enjoyed the Tokyo Record. All in all a fantastic spot that's pretty hard to miss if you've never been there but worth every minute of the scavenger hunt!Great atmosphere. Great music. Delicious food. Glad they had mocktails, I was able to enjoy in the festivities with my group and the mocktails were just as well made as the alcoholic drinks.Extremely disappointed by this place. My husband took me here because he knows I love fun cocktails, unfortunately I didn't get the chance to try one. We walked in the bar and a waitress told us to take any table that wasn't already set up. We did so and the hostess brought us water, no menus. We sat at our table for 15 minutes and no one acknowledged us. We decided to leave since we were being ignored and as soon as we got up the waitress came by and cleared our water glasses. She had clearly seen us and was just ignoring us! I'm not sure if it's because we are younger (30s) and dressed more casual (jeans) but we were definitely snubbed. As a former waitress myself I would never treat someone like this.Vibes. All the pretty delicate vibes. It's absolutely gorgeous in this place. The drinks are price but worth the price. They are tasteful and have a good punch at the end. I got a few things but the Aperol spritz really won me over- I love Aperol. Go for the drinks stay for the vibe and order the burrata.The interior design was cozy and comfortable. Unfortunately the $14 cocktails didn't seem like they had any alcohol whatsoever in them and they only had about 1oz of liquid total in them. One of the drinks was supposed to have scotch but was completely clear. We didn't try the food but I can't recommend the drinks or service.This bar is beautiful and has such a nice vibe and scenery. Came here to meet  some friends on  a Friday night at it was LIT. Be sure to make reservations should you have a sizable group. We were fortunate  enough to get a couch and a few settees. Our waitress was wonderful and attentive even though we moved a few times as our group grew. The Maitre D was a bit of a dramatic snob but once you get the food service and cocktails, it's palatable. The decor  is beautiful as is the bar. There is the very Interetesting door behind the big picture at the book a shelves that  leads to the hotel bar. Didn't get any food but would love to return so I can try the bites. I would return with friends again.Just beautiful, classy and trendy cocktail bar with excellent cocktails and service. Loved the design inside! Was checking out the books on the bookshelf when all of sudden it opened and people walked out of a hidden room! Just loved the vibe here - people working there were super cool and attentive and the crowd was classy. Loved it!Love the atmosphere, it's a nice dim lit place with gorgeous eclectic decor.... Oh yeah and the drinks are delicious!I've been wanting to go to this place since forever and I've finally made it!! It's sooo cute and intimate!!  The food was good and the drinks were great!! It's a little secret jewel that you must go too!!! My new hot spot!!Terrible service.  My wife and I walked in on our anniversary and were trying to decide on a drink.   We asked for suggestions and the bartender  (manager apparently) did not help nor listen to my wife's needs while making us feel stupid.  Kept ignoring us when we had questions, and put us off.  I told her that her job was to help find a drink based on what we liked..she felt she was insulted and had me kicked out of the bar by a security guard or somebody.  Embarrassing all the way around.This review is for the happy hour only. This bar has the most amazingly beautiful entrance, perhaps not unusual for New Orleans but enchanting nonetheless. The inside is also beautiful and inviting, and I particularly appreciated the wall of books and funky upholstered furniture. It feels scene-y and hip, but in an understated way (at least on a Thursday afternoon). There are several aperitif cocktails for $7 at happy hour, all served with a fresh fruit garnish. I chose the Rose Lillet, which happened to be garnished with two blackberries. It was a good size for $7, and the table service was prompt and attentive. There are a few seats at the bar, but more seating elsewhere. I would love to go back and try the small bites mentioned in other reviews - several tables around us got them and they looked and smelled wonderful! I don't know if I would enjoy Bar Marilou as much if it were packed with a weekend crowd, but the atmosphere on a weekday was not too loud and a great place to relax and catch up. Fun fact, Mick Jagger reportedly popped in here when he was in town!Great place, love the decor and the atmosphere. Nice first date type of bar. Drinks are goo.I have to say this is one of the worst meal/drink experiences i've had in my entire young life. I can handle a drink and these drinks deadass tasted like cigarette ash everywhere. If you want to save yourself 60$ DO NOT come here. The small plates were also not anything to call home about. But i seriously cannot emphasize enough how vile these drinks tasted. I'm glad I paid for the massive amounts of alcohol in the drinks but it was undrinkable... I thought after one i'd be on the floor. Also the staff didn't pay attention to us because we did not seem sophisticated enough for them.. oh well.Gorgeous bar, stunning cocktails and in a great location. Has a speak easy vibe. Highly recommend.This bar is so well put together and the atmosphere was super fun. The drinks were amazing, my girlfriend and I had the Jardín de Meme and the Santa Sangre, definitely recommend both. I would have given the bar five stars, but one of the hosts, Melissa, was so rude to us and pissed us off for the rest of the night due to her nasty attitude. A server, Jean was wonderful though, and made us laugh through our annoyance. She took the time to make sure we were okay and satisfied with our orders. Other than that negative experience with that host Melissa, we will definitely come back!Let me start by saying I don't typically leave reviews. My experience at Bar Marilou was less than ideal thanks to our awful bartender. When my coworkers and I first walked up and took the very available (so few people in the actual bar) seats directly at the bar the two bartenders ignored our physical presence by talking to one another about non-work related topics. After several minutes of feeling invisible and no welcomed, one of the two bartenders begrudgingly handed us menus without acknowledgement. When our drink order was finally taken our bartender was beyond rude and condescending...she then proceeded to stand and stare at us with an awful look on her face while obviously listening to and judging our conversation making us -- the customers -- feel as if we had wronged her in some way. I regret not speaking up in the moment and asking what the hell we -- polite, reasonable, friendly, also in/understanding of the service industry -- as consumers did wrong.This bar has a very cool vibe. The drinks are super inventive and as another reviewer commented, it's very swanky!Love the bookshelf secret door! The atmosphere is very jazzy and upscale french . Absolute fanI was really disappointed by Bar Marilou.  We were initially enamored by the beautiful plant-lined walkway and entrance.  We walked in and found it challenging to find seats and it is difficult to tell who works there.  Eventually we flagged someone down with a tray and she got us started.
The drink menu felt unapproachable, lots of fancy names and complicated drinks, so I had a glass of wine, which I enjoyed.
The menu is creative and we enjoyed the burrata and deviled eggs which were delicious, but $12 for three egg halves felt steep.  
The wine and food would have made for a great time, however, the service was lacking.  Our server admitted she was new, but she seemed to always be turned away from our table and it was impossible to flag her down.  After two attempts to get her to take our credit card, we threw some cash on the table and left.  
Why the space is beautiful and very hip, the experience was lacking.Pretentious and full of themselves.  Did not enjoy the vibe one bit.  Server could not get the order right after 2 attempts.  How difficult is it to make a dirty martini?!  My guest wanted a hot beverage.  They couldnt comply with that request.  He then requested a liquor instead.  They only had their own curated  available, no Frangelica or Amaretto to be had.  Cost was exorbitant, based on quality.  This one won't last in a creative city that knows how to entertain.I love the overall vibe of this place. From the velvet chairs to the bold color choices. We are so happy we stumbled into this place for drinks. I'm sure they can make whatever you want, but we chose two drinks they offered on the menu. We don't remember the names, but both were good! We can't wait to go back and try other specialty drinks!Wow!  This place is amazing!  We love coming here and reading some non-fiction classics that you won't find anywhere else.  And they have a FANTASTIC  and inexpensive champagne that pairs great with the caviar.We loved Bar Marilou! Our server was excellent, but it was frustrating how the hostess made us seem like a huge inconvenience when we asked her to take a picture for us, even though she didn't seem to have any customers to wait on. Other than that, we had a wonderful experience.This place is GREAT for cocktails! The ambiance is amazing with a little speak Easy vibe. The cocktails were tasty and beautiful! Will definitely be coming back for those! The only tiny issues we had were with the food. The scallops were 16$ and there were only 2 scallops. Also, the "charcuterie board" did not have cheese on it. It was pickles and bread. As previously mentioned, I will definitely be coming back for cocktails but will probably grab food elsewhere next timeI had an all in all good experience at Bar Marilou. I was looking for a speakeasy experience in Nola and we came across this bar on Yelp. The bar is located inside of a hotel but it very quaint. The decor is eclectic, the vibe is chill, and the drinks are curated by the bar tenders and seasonal ingredients. 
The downfall of the night is when I found the "secret room" that linked the bar to the hotel one of the waitresses rudely closed the door while I was standing in the door way. She explained that the area was for hotel guest as though there was some big sign posted with that information. 
Great ambiance, great bartenders, but lack of training on how to handle customers in a polite manner.Sought an escape from the raucousness of the Quarter on the other side of Canal.  Perfection!  Not a speakeasy at all since it has signage and no password.  Just a charming path off the sidewalk to a chic little drawing-room with quiet, low-key atmosphere.  Peaceful and relaxing.  Wonderfully inventive mixologists and all-round personable staff.  Love this little gem!I've had not the best experience my first time there. The place is absolutely gorgeous, original design idea, great atmosphere. The only concern I have is why were we taxed on just 2 glasses of bubbly?!? I work in a bar industry and to my knowledge there's no such thing as city tax nor state tax on alcohol in Nola. When approached server with the question she had no answer to it. If I'm wrong I'll change my rating bc obviously 1 star is for the taxes charge on solely alcohol.Bar Marilou is just about perfect in every way. It's located on the first floor of the Maison de la Luz hotel (part of the Atelier Ace group, so you just know the interior design is going to be thoughtful and inviting).
The space is like a cozy library inside a mansion. Comfy couches, some high tops, and art/books everywhere to look at.
Not to be outshined, the cocktails were also inventive. My fave was the Creme de la Creme (made with Fino sherry, homemade banana liqueur, creme de cacao).
Also, keep this quiet - but there's also a speakeasy bar behind a wall for hotel guests.I called on a Monday to reserve a space for about 15 people on Wednesday. I kind of expected them to blow me off but they were so accommodating! It was my birthday and I wanted to try somewhere new for a drink with friends. This place is amazing! The interior is so beautiful and lush (we had the back sofa and I thought most of us were going to end up just sleeping there). Between us all, we tried nearly every cocktail on the menu but the Sunset at Cafe Flore was all of our favorite (get it with mezcal!). The waitstaff was more than accommodating and very attentive. There was live music and a tarot card reader which just added to the whole vibe of the place. Definitely didn't just feel like a bar - it was more of an immersive experience! They even let my dear friend bring in a vegan cake and light candles for me - then the band ended up playing happy birthday too! If you're looking for a place where you want to feel a bit more upscale (and not somewhere where the jeans and flipflop dress code of NOLA is sufficient), I would recommend Bar Marilou. The drinks are good, the food is good, the service is outstanding, and the ambiance alone is a reason to go.This was not worth the money the food was soso the first course was ok the 2nd corse tasted like tunafish and the prime Rib was was chaired.  The drinks were bitter all of them . The sow was so so had better u. Strip clubsA really delightful cocktail lounge with VERY good (but very small portioned) appetizers and shared plates. It's got the feel of a speakeasy tucked into a library, with hidden doors behind bookshelves. The seating arrangements are small tables or couch/coffee table arrangements. Probably best for smaller groups looking for a more intimate setting - the arrangement makes it easy to hold a conversation, unlike louder/more crowded bars. But that's not to say it's stodgy. More like trendy but appropriate for all ages. The drinks are excellent, and it's one of our favorite bars in New Orleans.I seriously debated about whether to go here or not.  The staff got so many bad reviews.  There's nothing worse than showing up for a fun evening only to be met by condescending staff.  You'll be happy to know that I was very pleasantly surprised.  The staff went out of their way to be gracious & welcoming.  They had something called Deux Fois Deux - 2 drinks & 2 apps for $45.  I had the Jardin de Meme, The Golden Hour, the charcuterie plate & the burrata.  They also served a small glass of sangria with that & were so kind that they gave me a complimentary glass of champagne, even though my birthday was the following night.  The cocktails were impressive & I devoured the two apps in record time.  The space itself is straight up sexy - punctuated with lots of red, glass & leopard print.  It was so French, right down to the French tracks playing in the background.  The bartender, Ryan, told me that they are associated with Candelaria in Paris.  I just happened to go to Candelaria last year when I did a speakeasy tour on my actual birthday!  Anyway, I haven't a single complaint about this place.  My bill was actually less than I anticipated it to be, the space satisfied my French speakeasy fantasies & Ryan, Kia & Maile provided excellent service.  Put this on your bucket list.  (Then again, don't tell anyone it's there so that we can keep it to ourselves.)The atmosphere of this space is out of the state. Coming here does not seem to be apart of New Orleans.  It really is different from your normal New Orleans spot. This gives me the "Sex and City/Manhattan/New York City Vibe". I really love the mysterious vibe of the place. There's  sexy bookcases that open up to allow the servers to 
go in  and out of. The construction of this spot is amazing.  It is not bright with the lights as much. It is very dimly lit in the spot  so just prepare for the dim vibes. There's  also  velvet sofas. Very cute! I ordered The Lovers Speaks cocktail and it was really good. It's  a 100% agave Tequila with other things to make you smile.  It definitely taste delicious. I ordered the Burher which  is not a big burger, however,  it can still be  fulfilling. Overall this is a good spot  dine in at and just not feel like  im in new OrleansVery cool vibe inside - but we had a few hiccups during our experience. 
We decided to meet friends here the night before Thanksgiving. At the table we ordered our first round of drinks, they came and we decided to get some food before they stopped serving food. The food never came out, and unfortunately neither did our second round of drinks. After waiting some time we asked our waitress where the food was, and were told the kitchen was already closed, and she had forgotten to put the order in before. We asked for basically any food they had (we were starving and it was past 10:00 by then). The bar kindly brought us some snacks free of charge. When the ticket came out there were charges for some of the drinks we did not receive. Our waitress was very nice and fixed our ticket, as well as try her best to get us and the tables around us our drinks/food quickly. We will try again.Beautiful! The decor and atmosphere are  for gorgeous. Warm deep rich cOlors thhoughout. The bar tenders were very attentive and made excellent cocktails. We had a few items to eat including the burger. It was big enough for one person and DELICIOUS! We also had the country ham charcuterie plate. SMall but lots to share. It was so goodTwo stars and here's why.  We decided to try our luck without a reservation at 7pm-ish.  Upon entry we were turned away without one.  No problem, it is of course a pandemic and many rules have changed.  We left after the manager? Exclaimed, "you can't just squeeze people in here."
We went to the car to make a reservation for another day... Low and behold we were able to get a reservation for 7:30 PM, 10 minutes after we were turned away!! 
Add to that, there were multiple openings at eight, 815 830... You get the idea. Not only were we not told about these openings, there were several tables open and available.  
When we returned for our 7:30 reservation the manager? Hurried up to us and said, "oh did you just make a reservation online?  I didn't think of telling you to do that.  I actually forgot."
We were seated, given a sample of their daily drink, ordered the Deux Fois Deux which offers 2 drinks & 2 small plates for $45 per person.  It was nice.  Good presentation.  The venue is cozy, perfect for a date.  
The attempt to smooth over the rough start was okay, but the experience stung like a bee.I had been wanting to check this cute spot out for quite some time now and finally got to! For starters, it does not disappoint on aesthetic. I mean this is the place for cute pictures. The library theme mixed with bold colors but a chill vibe with the music is everything. The drinks are kinda pricey but that's the price you pay for pretty drinks and a pretty interior. As far as taste goes, I enjoyed my drink very much.. my mom and brother on the other hand weren't as big of fans. The customer service wasn't anything exceptional but wasn't bad either! I did come on a weekday night because of covid because I wanted to make sure they were decently empty and they were. People were spaced out well and I didn't need a reservation. I would say try them out at least once and bless your Instagram with the cutest pics