To say service was horrible was the least of the issues.  We came in party of 5 just to eat and watch some football on our way back to our home city.  We were sat a small table first which was very tight in space.  Then we decided we would sit at the bar.  Being that we were not told the policies we proceeded to try and order drinks and asked if one of the TVs could be changed to view another game.  That wasn't an issue.  The issue came when i asked for a drink after trying to sort through life in this establishment and the bartender said i had to run a tab.  I have already been sitting here why wasn't that the first thing you said?  So we had to go back to the table.  Fine!  We get to the table where we sit for another 15 waiting for service.  To say service was slow would be a disservice.  To say we were overlooked would be spot on. We constantly asked for items that were brought to us 30 minutes later or only after asking a 2 or 3rd time.  Not only did our waitress, Maria, not service our table we had to get help from other workers to locate her.  I hope she doesn't work on tips. The topper was the large dog that was allowed in the establishment and allowed to drink and eat from the plates that human food goes on.  I don't enjoy going in restaurants where animals are allowed to eat with humans.  
All of this overshadows the food!  The food was the best thing about the establishment but i don't even want to talk about that because of the horrible time that my friends and I had here.Go here if you want bimbos to over charge your credit card. Never ever never start a tab here. You will no doubt have to go through the process of asking why my 13 dollar sandwich cost 20 . Or why are there 7 drinks on my bill when I only ordered 4. I've read several other reviews that say the same, so just beware.Games broken, quarter machines never stocked with quarters (how did this always happen?). Things dripping from ceiling and electrical wires hanging from the ceiling. Terrible ode to video games.Fun place. For a Friday night, it was busy, but not so busy that you couldn't move or get to the bar. Lots of fun old school video games - Frogger, Spy Hunter, Centipede, etc. For some strange reason, one large room is an Asian-themed club with a DJ. In that room, they only serve Asian beers. Seems a little out of place. Despite that, cool spot to check out.Stopped in for lunch and a drink. Great selection of local beers and the fried oysters were amazing.Just visited this place for lunch. The Western Burger is amazing. About the french fries I do prefer the crispy ones. The service was wonderful at the bar.We came for drinks and appetizers and we weren't disappointed at all! 
Ordered the fried cheese curds, this may sound a little gross but they are reminiscent of a classy cheese stick- so delicious! Also ordered the nachos, I am a nacho snob and these definitely made this snob happy! Great place to go with friends to chat, snack, and play games.I went here during a bachelor party weekend and didn't sample the other offerings other than their food and music.  The food was hit or miss.  When it missed, it wasn't a terrible issue, just not memorable.  When it hit, it was great. With a party of 19, I was able to sample a good array of dishes which leads me to my biggest issue... for a New Orleans bar setting, there wasn't ANYTHING that you couldn't buy or would expect elsewhere.  I had the truffle Parmesan fries, the blackened shrimp salad and the fried pickles.  Others in my party had other fare (burgers, sliders, other salads, wings, etcerera.  Despite the wide variety of food, the most memorable food was the truffle Parmesan fries and the fried pickles.  My salad was fine, good in fact...  but I don't see how I should give a restaurant too much credit for making a meal that most folks can make at home.  Now, the truffle fries with Parmesan were to die for.  Far and away the best item anyone at our table had, including the fried pickles which were quite good.  In general, I would come back for the truffle fries alone but simply get that, some beer and see what else the bar/arcade had to offer. Nice setting, great music and a good wait staff... but the food was just good and not memorable in any way.  The most damning thing I can say is that I would only recommend this place for the atmosphere, truffle fries and close proximity to Harrah's casino. If you want a complete meal and one to remind you of why you chose to go to New Orleans, skip this place.  I went to a dive restaurant for lunch (Willie Mayes) and it was lacking in all aspects except great food and nice service.  I would go back there and recommend it quickly while forgetting this place in a day or two.  Average at best, good convenient food at worst.Ordered a 7n7 and a pineapple/Malibu and was $17. Joke
Liquor was watered down dramatically. Video poker machines didn't work. 
Food was below average as well
Would not recommend. To man better places in area. Don't need to be here.Vintage video games surround the walls. This is a fun place, but note for a bar, it's not bar food. The food quality is good. One thing to know it's a bit loud but if you don't mind a little noise it's a fun place.Aside from the Goldmine saloon in the quarter, this is the only other bar in town with classic arcade video and pinball games.  Difference here is that they all work.
Beer selection is very good too.  The waitresses walking around are smoking hot...all brickhouses and very friendly and tolerant of pervs like myself ;-)   JK, though, they are attractive :-)
The food, I didn't eat any of but a buddy did and it looked very fancy and rich. Not something I wanna eat and stay out. Id be yawning and possibly sweating out a cramp before long.
Prices are in the $5-6 for a single beer. Reasonable for this part of town, maybe a little low.
Big ass Jenga game that makes a hell of a sound when it falls.
Parking is a bitch, gotta use a remote lot a little bit of a ways out. A scary thing for ladies late at night.  But its $10 to park so not that terrible if your gonna be in the area a while.
Check it out, worth a few visits and definitely will help kill time if your doing something else in the area.  And try and beat my high score on Tron.  Im EC ;-PCool environment, pretty good selection. It's fun to play games downtown but I'll admit the games are pretty old and are not up-kept very well. Many games were out of order, change machines were empty, and this was pretty frustrating but other than that pretty spacious and staff was friendlySeemed OK but couldn't even enjoy it due to the fact that their bouncers started demanding paying customers to get out of their seats so they could take them because it was going to get 'packed soon'. This business obviously doesn't care about their customers or their bartenders getting tippedVery refreshing salads. Had tvs up to watch games and giant connect 4 games. The giant connect 4 are neat in theory but sound like someone is raising a metal door if you are sitting by them.It was not what I was expecting. Up front, it's a small sports-bar-style restaurant with a few old arcade games along the wall, a few outdoor patios, and there's another bar in the back. And then there's one more room in the back with a few more arcade games. Sadly, the selection of games was poor, and the condition of the machines was worse. 
It's a great concept, but I feel like they half-assed it on the execution. I like the old-school games (when they were working), but other than that, this Barcadia is no competition to D&B.Walked in, waited at the hostess stand that says wait to be seated and no one showed up to seat us. Staff walked right by us to talk to his friends on the patio but did not acknowledge us at all. We called after him when he walked by past us and he never said a word to us.
Pretty sure the white couple that walked in behind us received service as we saw them going to a table. We walked down the street to Lucy's.
Don't waste your time here. First impressions are everything, if you can't even greet a customer maybe you don't deserve to have them.The arcade is a nice touch. The house drinks are terrible and there seemed to be a bunch of coked up employees hanging out there off duty. I suppose that's interesting but only for like two minutes. I wouldn't come here again. It's too bad. If you read this and you own the place maybe work on improving customer service.The pollo asada nachos were tasty, almost like a chicken pot pie with nachos. The deep fried PB&J was tasty and cooked perfectly. Atmosphere is chill, with about 12 arcade games to choose from and human-sized jengo and connect-4 to play with. I would recommend coming here for happy hour. $1 off drafts and 1/2 off appetizers.Even though Barcadia is a chain and brand new, I'm going to go ahead a give it four stars. Although, side note, I think this is probably where Shamrock got their business idea.
First of all, the place is huge and has a lot going on. In the front room, you have seating, a bar with a pretty decent beer selection and arcade games. Yeah, you heard that right, it has old school arcade games. The middle room is cool too with it's own bar and even more seating. 
And then there's the back room. Ah, the back room. You go through a magical portal into the back room and magic happens. You gotta see it for yourself. It's the room in the back. Just go through the back door and you're in.
I really dug the atmosphere of the place, even though I saw a few people who would probably be better suited at Metro, but whatever. Of course, I dug the old school pinup calendars and magazine covers that adorned the walls. Barcadia, you totally stole my future bar/restaurant/antique store (patent pending) decorating idea!
Word on the street (and when I say street, I mean that little pathway you walk up to get into Barcadia) is that they will be serving burgers and other food soon, so I will definitely have to go back and write a review of the food.Cool place, like the concept and I can see what they're trying to do, but the crowd that hangs out there is not the type of crowd I'd like to hang around. Alcohol and arcade games?! Can never go wrong with that!!Stumbled across this place on the way to Cochon and returned after dinner with the hubby to relive our youth playing the Simpsons arcade game, Pac Man, air hockey, and other favorites. The giant Connect Four outside was also a draw. Very laid back place but taking off a star because some of the games are broken (i.e. take your quarter, but then the controls don't work.)The drinks are overpriced by about $1 on everything. The "game room" is really small. The place has the classic arcade machines: sf2, sf3, simpsons. The food is mediocre and pricey for what it is.A cool spot - an arcade and bar, but sleek and cool with everyone dressed-up and a good-looking crowd.This place is very casual. I got the southwest chicken salad, which turned out to be really spicy but pretty good nonetheless. I also got their famous fried PB&J sandwich which was AMAZING! I would definitely come back just for the fried PB&J. It comes with a small carton of milk, which turned out to be so necessary because of the peanut butter and the friedness.Took my staff out to a offsite. Food was great as well as the drinks but service wasn't the best. Waitress took forever to bring us stuff & it wasn't a busy night. Then later found out that her gratuity was included which reminded me why she wasn't on her best when it came to serving us....
I will think twice before I take my team here again!This a hidden jewel in New Orleans. The food is very good and the drinks are as well. Very cool atmosphere and I felt very welcomed. Linda took care of us and made our experience very enjoyable. We will be backI had the arugula salad, which was...okay.  The ingredients were fresh enough but the dressing had this bitterness to it.  It also could have used some nuts or something to add some texture.  The beer menu is pretty decent, with a good mix of locals and nationals, and I love the way the menu organizes them.  
The games, while cheap and plentiful, aren't in very good shape.  The SFII machine I played not only had a bad button or two, but they were connected backwards.  The emphasis is on classic games that 80s-rejects like me can remember fondly, rather than new stuff.  
Still, despite the problems, we walked out saying "We should come here more."  It is always a good time.Cool place. As a tourist from Orlando we are missing a place like this. Classic arcade games like TMNT, the Simpsons, Area 51, galga , street fighter, mortal combat, pinball machines. Big Jenga and connect 4. Had a great time.We really love going to Barcadia. It's a great spot with good food and some really fun games to play. Love that they have a big connect four game and Jenga to play for free while you are hanging out. Definitely a better hangout spot than your usual bar. My only complaint is that some of the games are getting a little old and need some work done like the air hockey table. Besides that I think it's a great bar that provides a great atmosphere.This was our last stop of the night and we hadn't had dinner yet. Luckily they were still serving their full menu after 10pm! And it was delicious! Especially their ranch with fries! Their deep fried peanut butter and jelly was also amazing! The bartenders were nice and attentive. It was a very neat set up, they had video games and board games throughout. Great stop!Typical Bar. Huge crowd after the Saints game so that was cool. Good music, standard selection at the bar.I usually have a good time at Barcadia. And on Sunday night, when we ended up here after a going away party on the Creole Queen, we were still enjoying ourselves. The fries one of my friends ordered apparently wasn't put in, so that took a bit longer than we expected, but no harm.
We were having a good time and were some of the last people in there, and everyone was pretty liquored up. There was a woman who I guess was trying to close, I think a bit after midnight, and we were under the impression that Barcadia stayed open till 2 a.m., because that's what it says on Yelp, on Google, and on their website.
I think she may have told one of us that they are closing and I remember being incredulous. At one point, I said something and I heard her respond to what I said, but not directly to me, but loudly in a really unprofessional manner, mocking me. I don't know if she was the manager or what, but she could have actually addressed the group like an adult and said they are closing early for whatever reason. Maybe even apologize, since everywhere it says that they are open till 2. But nope, she walked around the establishment grumbling that people weren't leaving. So that wasn't the best end to the night and honestly it left a bad taste in my mouth.Barcadia staff, I have some advice for you.  Keep reading, and maybe you'll learn something.  
The first time we went to Barcadia, we were appalled at how terrible the service was.  The staff behind the bar was inattentive; the custodial staff was mean and rude--not really fit to be interacting with the public.  I'm not sure what they were trying to accomplish with the lighting.  There were dark spots and light spots all throughout the place.  Is it a vintage video game place or a Jersey Shore nightclub.  Who knows?
The second time I went there, my hamburger was fantastic.  It was cooked nicely; the cheese was melted perfectly, and the fried egg was a nice touch.  Anyone could tell that the meat they used was of a fine quality.  
But our third experience reminded me of the first.  The hamburgers were okay, but that's all that was okay.  Now, here's the advice I promised.
Dear hostess, if you're hungover and angry about having to show up for work, then call in sick.  Don't look at and talk to you customers--the source of your MONEY--like they're pieces of crap.  And don't seat them practically on top of the people playing the LOUD Connect Four game--so close that the people playing the game even thought you were being rude.  The whole damn restaurant was empty.  You could've seated us anywhere.
Dear waiter, it's not our fault your menu doesn't make a clear distinction between a menu item and a category heading.  Perhaps you shouldn't rudely correct people's fiancées and try as hard as you can to make them feel stupid and unwelcome.  You suck.  Quit your job.
Dear sound guy, at 11:00 a.m. on a Sunday, try not to change the music from easy listening, which all your customers were fine with, to SUPER-LOUD, ridiculous nightclub, dance music.
Dear manager, try to control your staff.  Fire the ones who shouldn't be working there, instead of hanging out in the kitchen and trying to pick up on waitresses.
Jeez.I came for the Wednesday specials and it wasn't a disappointment. Bartenders were enjoyable, the specials were some of the best I've seen in the city. We had this thing called a Fried Pb&j for dessert. It was delicious! I will definitely be coming back for a second visit.This place is garbage and no one should eat or drink here. Want something you actually didn't order? Want a really bad dining experience and shitty service? Then come to Barcadia. Or don't. Thats the better option. Theres a Burger King not too far away. They have better food and just as shitty service. Just saying.I know these types of bars are popping up in a lot of areas, but they are still fun. 
This particular place is huge. 3 rooms and a covered outdoor area. The front room is the main bar with a bunch of video games and some pinball. The middle room is just a bar and the backroom has stuff like air hockey, foos ball and ski ball. Maybe the coolest thing was the giant jenga blocks. Just a bunch of 2x4s cut to size, but you'd be amazed at how fun that is to play and even watch at a bar. Great idea. 
They had a great selection of beers on tap, which always helps. The music was all over the place, but in a good way. They played a great selection of 80s rock (Motley Crue, Van Halen, etc),  mixed in some classic dance stuff (michael jackson and the like) and threw in a good amount of new stuff. 
All in all, a cool spot. I could see the video game portion getting old, but its a fun place for a group of people.80's and 90's music... Ms. PAC man, giant Jenga. What more could anyone want? Really one of my favorite places in New Orleans! :) and the food is good too!After making a big deal of dragging not one but three friends here, I am a solid "meh, 2.5 stars." I regret it a little bit because the clientele left me cold; the atmosphere was trying too hard; and the service sucked. 
We'll start with the easy downvotes. Our server doesn't mention that she's new. She doesn't repeat orders back to us. She doesn't ask for the soft-spoken member of our party to speak up or verify an order. Rather, she brings the wrong beer. Twice. She also got my order wrong to the point that I was watching my friends eat while waiting on my food--which my server also forgot about--to appear. But it doesn't start and end there. Twice, food runners tried to bus our table before our food had even appeared. I'm not talking the "Oh, can I grab those empty glasses?" routine, either. I'm talking the full they're grabbing still wrapped silverware rolls and nearly full beers from us routine. Oh HELL no. I'm gonna drink my entire $7 beer, TYVM. 
So we've got that. Service continued in that manner. Every employee looked pretty pissed or just run down. Bummer. 
I didn't enjoy the vibe of the place. Most of the other drinkers and diners were out-of-town conference folks just looking for fun. Not really my crowd. Near the end of dinner, a few tables of younger, local, rowdy hipsters (more my crowd) rolled up. Maybe I would enjoy Barcadia's vibe later in the evening. But I really shouldn't have to wait until 9p on a weeknight for that, I don't think. The "forced party" feeling of conference-goers always sets me a little on edge. I know y'all are in NOLA for work and want to soak up every second of the city with your precious free time...but this is a lot. NOLA works best when you let her flow. 
Per my buddies, a number of the video games were either half broken or in a room that was too dark to actually play them (pinball). I can see that. I'm not a video game person so this was lost on me. 
Here's why I'd consider coming back: my food did not suck. In fact, my chicken sandwich was great. I'd love another one, but I'd like to have it without the whole Barcadia nonsense. That's why take-out exists, natch. 
Accessibility notes: bar gets loud at peak hours. No Braille menus or signage. Dim lights. High and low tables available plus picnic tables. Plenty of space for mobility devices to move around inside. Door opens in. No stairs up into the space.The food is pretty decent for a weekday lunch. Avoid at night and on weekends.Expected more...   All in all a good time. Would like to see Ms.Pac-Man and Kiss Pinball Machines added to the already fun line up of vintage arcade games. Music gets a little too hip hop for my liking the later (earlier) it gets...Full disclosure: I'm from out of town, and I took a family of five kids and three adults with me.  Having said that, this joint is far more bar than grill.  The food was ordinary, not bad, but ordinary.  Don't go unless you're looking for somewhere to hang out with the twenty-something set, throwback some beers, and yell at some vintage video games.  The service was lackluster, as we were the only patrons eating, yet our order was wrong, and took longer than it should have to be delivered.  To their credit, we were given an item for free for their mistake.Not to sound like a hyperbolic super fan, but my favorite hamburger, on the globe, ever. Been following the crew since they started Curbside Truck slinging killer burgers in Baton Rouge a couple of years ago. I was really excited to see what could happen if they got a bit more elbow room in a brick & mortar kitchen, definitely didn't disappoint. With the mainstay burgers & fries from the Curbside days to the new items on the expanded menu such as the Fried PB&J, Wisconsin Cheese Curds, Bison Patty Melt, BBQ Shrimp Poboy, & Chicken Pesto sandwich combined with right under 40 taps & none of the Big 3 and 80s arcade games from childhood... It makes a hit night every visit. From straight ahead offerings to creative & playful takes on old standards, all are well executed & consistent.
My all-time favorite is the Flagboy with added Pork Belly Preserves. I love the house pickles & I love my veggies in general, but when it's serious burger therapy time, I go straight forward: medium patty, fried cheddar plank, pork belly preserves, & homemade bun... Pure soul nourishment.I absolutely love Barcadia and Linda!  Great food and great customer service!!!  Linda helped me get what I wanted and made sure I was happy and everything was exactly what I ordered!!  Totally recommend this place!!A bar and old time arcade mixed into one-what's not to like?!
They had a decent amount of local beers and staples on tap.  The bartenders were nice and welcoming. 
This place definitively had a hipster/local feel to it. 
Our group enjoyed our party punch and sampling of beers. An extra star awarded for carrying 312 on tap.Came on a Friday for lunch with some friends, the place was very busy but a gentleman helped us to find a table quickly and he was very professional.
Took our drinks order and send us a server within minutes.
The food was great, we got a chicken wrap, salads and some tacos.Could be awesome, if the food weren't way overpriced for the quality. Wish the service was better. 
Decent selection of beers on tap and rocking arcade games, which I suppose is why people come here.I like the games, the bartenders and waitstaff, and the "Grownup Rootbeer Float" (Abita Rootbeer with vanilla vodka and Bailey's).
However, the food on my next visit did not thrill me. I just had a basic burger, and it was so loaded with cracked black pepper, it made the burger basically indedible for me. It was rather expensive, too, compared to Company Burger or Tru Burger. I got the regular cheeseburger, fries, and a soda, and with tip it came to $17. 
Probably won't eat there again but will go to play games and drink.We were really excited to try out this place, hoping it would be like a mini Dave and Buster's. We were sorely mistaken. 
When you first walk in, there is a hostess stand that asks for you to please wait to be seated. We never saw a hostess. But there were several large tables and people sitting at the bar. We approached the bar to order some drinks and food. The floor was so sticky, you had to pull your feet up with each step. When we approached the bar, I saw what appeared to be a manager. He was too busy flirting and seducing a group of women to acknowledge any other patrons, much less his staff that needed help. The food was ok...not great, but not horrible. We each tried one of the specialty cocktails. I tried some form of watermelon tequila drink. Watered down watermelon, watered down tequila...disgusting. It was so bad I had to commit alcohol abuse and toss it. Once we'd finished our food we decided to try out the game room. We weren't sure where it was located. The game room was so small that with fifteen people it was crowded. We tried to play air hockey, but there were so many people in the room, the game quickly became too uncomfortable to be fun. 
Not a place I would want to visit again.....Horrible layout, poorly made cocktails, and sub-par food. Such a let down...Definitely enjoyed this place, great atmosphere and good drinks and make sure you go on ladies night. Definitely had a ball.What a letdown. It's Saturday afternoon, and there is ONE server on the floor. It took 45 minutes just for my children and I to get our waters, I went to the bar and picked up the wine I had also ordered on my own when it was never delivered to my table, my second glass never came or was put into the system, I had to ask a bar back for my bill so we could actually leave, since my waitress has been avoiding looking at me for the last 2 hours, and the food- 3 hamburgers  (which my kids said were disgusting) a glass of wine- was $65. It's New Orleans. So many other places to go. Next time we will bypass and go to Dave & buster where the games and food are better.NO TAP WATER!!!!! That's a load of poop!!!! Absurd. That's what this place is. Can't believe someone would run such a restaurant. Such a disappointment. We waited an hour for a burger YES A BURGER!!! Wow. To boot terrible, rude service. Would NEVER return. Ugh I'm peeved.Nice place, good drinks. Just wish the best machines weren't out of order.otherwise,  this is an excellent place to bring a first date! The bartenders are friendly,  and I really appreciate that service is very quick. If all the games were working it'd be great - if your date likes skiball this is perfect!Great vibe, beautiful fun people.  Awesome retro games and good food.  Cute Manager from France!!!great spot to chill and there was a great comedy/burlesque show that just so happened to be FREE the night we stopped by. def would recommend. Hey they have gauntlet and street fighter.Okay food.  Was a little disappointed in the queso. It tasted like it was out of a can from Walmart.  Really wish they were more unique with their food.  Wings were okay.  Atmosphere had potential but when a Sarah Mclaughlin son came on I thought of the ASPCA dog commercials and got sad.  Wait.... TLC just came on.  It's not loud and people are doing their own things.  DTried this place for the first time last week. Bar food mostly - burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. However, I was pleasantly surprised! The food was very good and the wait staff very accommodating. Definitely will go back. Lots of old pinball machines line the walls.Horrible service. Manager was rude and would not honor happy discount even through it was 6:30 and it ends at 7!! Waitress told us after we got the bill that wings did not count as grub, despite it being under the grub section. Food was shitty, service was even shittier, at least the people that were there were nice. You could not pay me to go back. 
DO NOT GO!!!!!!Went here recently on a Sunday afternoon. There weren't too many people there, which was nice. The beer selection is ok, reminds me a bit of the yardhouse chain: some craft brew, but mostly big beers and all their varietals. I've been here several times before and I know that the clientele skews broish. That's not great, but as long as I'm playing arcade games and drinking I'm happy. 
Unfortunately several of the machines were either broken or worn out. Two pinball machines were worn out to the point of being almost useless, with their flippers being weak and ball
movement slow. The air hockey didn't have air for a big chunk of the board and the skeeball didn't register half the points. I come to this place to play arcade games, so pretty disappointing.
Overall 3 stars if everything was working and the beer is ok and the bros are all there. Minus one for broken machines.Hostess would not seat us even though there was 5 empty tables. She was rude and eating food while telling us our only option was to order food to go.We came as a group to watch the Ohio State game which they threw on a corner tv for us. We were 15 guys spending over $500 that night and They kept turning off the tv in anticipation of the "club" that was going to start. Needless to say we had to continuously talk to the manager to have the tv turned back on. You'd think a bar that had a majority of their patrons watching one game would keep them happy. Nope. The management were complete idiots.I enjoyed the games the drinks and the food. I'm not usually a chicken wing person...but the wings were absolutely amazing! I definitely recommend this place.Had a great time at this little spot while in NOLA. We visited twice and had the wings both times. Great place to listen to some music, play some games, and they have pretty good deals like 2-4-1 wings on Tuesday's with trivia at 8pm!Best club sandwich I've ever had. Super cool bar with fun games-life sized Connect 4 and Jenga along with old school arcade games. Just a really fun vibe, Vargas girl artwork, great food and drinks. Perfect to bring a big group of people.Very friendly staff. Nice happy hour menu. I Had a very delicious blackened shrimp salad. Great margaritas!Experiencing this place for the first time around lunch is almost epic. The burgers are to die for. KGB being my favorite. The truffle parmesan fries are amazing. The game selection is stellar. It's way better than a Dave and Busters could ever hope to be. Definitely repeat my business.Food and service mediocre. They don't check on you or bring what you asked for but ask soon as you step away from your table the bus boys take all your food/drinks.
 I wouldn't recommend going for food. Games are always Fun. Especially when mixed with alcohol!!! If you are visiting NOLA don't waste a meal on this place.This was recommended by a colleague. The service is horrible. The music is nothing but Hip Hop & Electronica, is too loud, and completely obnoxious. The food was okay, but every other aspect of the place is horrible. I typically don't review, good or bad. But this place barely deserves 2 stars. I need to apologize to my team of 18 for bringing them here.I would give this place no stars if I could. The service sucked and I didn't care for my drink and they wouldn't allow me to order something different. All in all it was an awful experience and a waste of money.This is my second visit here and I have to say I thoroughly enjoy this place the second time around as much as the first. The only issue we had was some of the games in the back arcade weren't working, we told the bartender and we were refunded.Great place, no matter when you go. Burgers are awesome during the week for lunch or their steak night on Wednesdays are good too (as long as they continue doing it). Love the arcade selection and free play nights are always a good time!Awesome music, could have partied there all night. They had different rooms playing different music. We found a room playing our favorites from the last 2 decades pop, hip hop etc.I only went a few times, but after one awful costumer service experience, I have not been back. The drinks are normal price for the area, and playing games is great. But I was treated really poorly. I was alone at a table outside, a waitress came up and told me the table was reserved for those eating meals. My group had already been sitting there for more than an hour getting multiple rounds of drinks. Her asking wasn't what bothered me. I told her I wasn't sure if we were going to eat or not, everyone else was at the bar or in the bathroom. But I'd figure out what we were doing when they got back. She proceeded to lecture me about how I needed to leave the table anyway and not wait for my friends. By the way, there were 2 or 3 other tables open. I think it took more than 5 minutes of uncomfortable conversation for her to leave me alone. We decided not to eat there because she had been so rude.Fun place with great bones! Open air with games and cute girls that are fun and personable! Burger was very good quality and their draft selection pretty big & diverse.  Great place to stop and if you have kids or looking to play a video game or two you can really have some fun!Great food, good service and atmosphere. Lots of beer varieties on tap. Good for people of all ages - and well-behaved dogs who are allowed in the courtyard area. Great place!I love this spot. i love the vintage..ok it mkes me sound old.  I love the video games!  the servers and bartenders are AMAZING.  They will cutom make a drink for you  Great people and great place...but!!!! you can not get a GO cup! WTF?Oh man is this spot lame. It's like their theme is 'flashy loser who peaked in high school.' Pass.Food was pretty blah, game selection too. The waitress was awful!! They seemed to have a decent bar staff and selection of drink specials, but I couldn't see any reason to go back if you aren't looking for a cheap, casual place to get hammered.I really don't understand the appeal of this place. I like the bar/arcade concept but there are kids running around in this place. I don't want to drink a beer and play an arcade game against a kid. Great idea, poor execution.We stopped by this place just to meet up some friends after dinner. I liked the vibe and music. The music was loud but people just chill and hang out. There's plenty of tables and seats to sit at. My friend ordered the fried PB&J sandwich and I had a bite of it. It was very good... tasted like a donut and I love donuts!I love coming to Barcadia, but NEVER come here to watch the game on Sunday. They have their "daily drink specials" listed on the board by the door, but refuse to honor the drink specials. Additionally, their menu is incorrect, so if you find something you want cross your fingers because chances are it's missing from the menu. Also note that even though the place is barren they won't seat you if one person is missing from your party.