Had a very nice meal. The wine list is solid and very reasonably priced. Service is friendly and efficient. And the food is straight forward and tasty.
The garlic, tomato bread is great. You rub the garlic and tomatoes onto the toast making a spread and then eat with meat or cheese.
The cremini mushroom Diablo is spicy and full of flavor. 
And the Serrano ham is the best you'll find without going to Spain and getting the world's best iberico.
We had a full meal. But this is also a great place to stop in for a glass of wine and snacks. 
Next time I might just stop in at happy hour for some garlic, tomato bread and a couple glasses of cava.Not only great Tapas, but the best paella I've ever eaten! And the home-made sangria is out of this world!BLUF:  Really cute place with amazing staff and great tapas.  
The owner and the waiter may or may not be related.  Both are really really friendly and awesome.  
People love the sangria.  It was fine but not crazy amazing.  Something different though and you can get a glass, half a pitcher or a full pitcher.  
Place is really interesting and cozy.  Lots of tapas to choose from; hot, cold, meat, veggie, olives, cheese etc.
We got a whole lot:  chicken casserol (over-rated), lamb chop with fries (crazy good), cheese (standard), olives (standard but good), grilled calamari (best thing on the menu and insanely good), ceviche (very fresh and very good), mushrooms (pretty dang good).  
I would go again just to have someone else try to calamari.  Amazing.  Everything was good though.  No complaints.
The waiter was way over worked and was running around like a mad man but you couldnt tell by our service.  Nice and prompt.  
Great place.  Great date place.Love it love it love it. Food was wonderful. Paella was outstanding, matches anything I have had in Barcelona. Service was very attentive. Plan to make this a twice a month stop or more!This is a good place for traditional Spanish fare. The owner and Chef is from Spain and clearly knows what he is doing. Try the calamari, Paella, and garlic soup. It's easy to go through several pitchers of sangria. It's particularly good for groups ordering and sharing the various tapas. Always fun. I recommend it.3 stars for the service. Our waitress was so on point, I mean she was so friendly and actually cared about whatever we need. 
Now on to the weak sauce. Holy crap, this place was weak as hell. Capital W, weak. 
Had the garlic chicken and the Brussel sprouts. I mean who boils Brussel spouts and brings it out in boiling water. So bland. 
On to the garlic chicken. Here's the ingredients to the dish: garlic, hot sauce, chicken.... WEAK SAUCE. 
The sangria was so fire . I'm actually still drinking it right now as I type. Pause for sip. 
Okay moving on, also had the lamb chop and French fries aioli. Literally 4 fries on a plate with a bone that came from a lamb the size of a lizard.. Once again. Weak Sauce 
Listen now, I'm all for small portion of foods... That is, if they actually taste good. This want the case. 
This is how I leave you:
Bland, small and most importantly, Weak Sauce.This place is a hidden gem. Fantastic food in a beautiful atmosphere that makes you feel like you walked into Spain.In short: middling quality for very high prices, a pleasant enough place but not one where I'd be likely to become a regular.
I found Barcelona a nice, perhaps too-quiet but very friendly place to dine (got there relatively early, as they open at 6).  Pricing is pretty nuts for a back street in a poor town, though, and many of the tapas portions are actually far smaller than you'd get in Spain.  The quality is good for Spanish food in New Orleans, since it's a niche cuisine here, but pretty hit-or-miss by real-world standards.
In general I found the bread-based items the biggest disappointment: things like the ur-Catalan bread and tomato (pan amb tomaquet), which you weirdly have to make at the table yourself with cherry tomatoes?, and the "canoes" (whatever that's supposed to be? mine was a piece of bread with cheese), as well as the roasted sweet peppers, were served on tiny, crostini-like slices of dried-out toast that resembled crappy Melba toast more than the chunks of fresh crusty baguette you'd see in Spain.  Not such a small complaint, really -- for $4-7 dollars a slice anyone would expect very good bread.  The breadless items, like gazpacho, lamb chop, and patatas allioli, were all quite good; the allioli is especially delicious and shouldn't be missed in some form.  The sangria was mediocre, and mixed pretty weak.  I've had better, and I've had worse, but at a Spanish restaurant, good sangria should be a selling point.
If I return it'll probably just be for cocktails and a plate of patatas allioli, not a meal or sangria.UPDATE 8-21-15
My boyfriend and I came back for the second day in a row.  Call us crazy, but it's that damn good!  This time we ordered the Garlic Shrimp, Grilled Calamari, Lamb Chop, and Vanilla Flan.  HOT DAMN!  How is it that these were all so incredible in addition to what we had the night before?!  It's amazing how flavorful every single dish is, especially since Chef Laurentino cooks everything with a healthy mindset.  I don't know about you, but I find it pretty rare to find healthy foods with this much flavor.  The lamb chop was just fantastic!  And the flan?  I think we died and experienced heaven for a second, because that is the BEST FLAN I've ever tasted.  The texture and consistency was simply perfection.
It's tempting to eat here a third night in a row, but unfortunately I'm not a millionaire, so I must take a break from these evenings of bliss.
P.S. Chef Laurentino is a joy to converse with!
----------------------------------------------
WOW!  I can't believe I've lived around the corner for the past few months and have now JUST dined here.  I didn't know what to expect, but man was I blown away!  Barcelona Tapas is the epitome of a hidden gem.  They deserve much more recognition and I am now compelled to help spread the word whenever I can! Haha.
Everything from the incredible service David (best waiter ever), to the food and drinks was just superb.  I have to add in that their sangria was probably the best I've ever had!  My boyfriend and I ordered a huge spread to really get a feel for the restaurant's best.  We ordered the Ceviche, Garlic Crimini Mushrooms Diablo, Mussels Mediterranean, Patatas Bravas, Fries with Allioli, Garlic-Tomato bread with Tomato Mozzarella, Fideua Valencia, and the Cantata Creme Brulee.  I'm a bit ashamed to admit that we nearly devoured everything we ordered.  Even our waiter was impressed with our appetite, but when the food is THAT good, it's difficult to stop eating even when your belly is reaching maximum capacity.  It's rare for me to come across a restaurant where I thoroughly enjoy every single dish that comes out.  Everything was just so full of flavor, you anticipate how the next dish will taste.
We left so thoroughly happy and fulfilled that we have vowed to come back as often as our wallet will let us.  I've dined at hundreds of restaurants in and out of New Orleans, and I must say that this has been one of the best experiences I've ever had, in large part to the fantastic service.  It's such a shame that so few people know about this place, especially since it's located on a smaller street, because their food deserves all the hype!
P.S. They'll be renovating for a month in September so please come and support them!  You won't regret it!we walked in, were not greeted, sat at the bar, were not offered drinks and the music was soooooo loud and obnoxious that we just left. So I have no idea if the food is good or not but everything else is annoying.The guy is right, the sangria is really good here. Lovely bits of apple and fruit mingle well in the catalon style pitchers.  I am more accustomed to very large plates of tapas for the table coming is quick succession, so I thought the server had to work extra hard to keep up with a large group of hungry patrons. Do go with their recommendations, though. The patas are crispy, flavorful and served with a great aioli. I think it is wIse to feature fresh local seafood rather than struggle to duplicate a favorite dish or ingredient (such as octopus, squid or squid ink)Hard to duplicate the jamon, but the slices are flavorful. Same for the chorizo (we ordered it with cheese, very nice). The paella is tasty, but on the pricey side.Truly authentic food from Barcelona.   Again our third or forth review.  This is our favorite restaurant and is like traveling to Barcelona.  The best restaurant!!'  Food, environment, service is amazing.  Love it.  Calamari. Amazing. Lamb is to die for.  Paella right there in Barcelona!!The food here is actually very good.  I have been here on a number of occasions and I can honestly say that the Paella here is the best in the city.
The Tapas here are fantastic.  They go very well with the homemade Sangria. 
This is a nice, chill place to go if one is looking for gourmet food in a relaxing, yet classy, atmosphere.Found this place on a walk in uptown, and returned later for a dinner, and (spoiler) it was superb.  I've traveled Spain and the rest of Europe, and my spawn has spent a significant time in Spain, and we both loved the Barcelona.
In fact, up to this point, the best tapas I have consumed were not actually in Spain, but Amsterdam at Joselito, where we were so enthused we ordered the entire menu.
With most small plates at Barcelona costing $5-$6, you can order a whole bunch of food to share and enjoy;  the also offer cooked to order paella, with the traditional rice base, and a variation featuring angel hair pasta.  They also have some entrees, and the whole menu is online.
We tried a variety of hot and cold tapas and loved them all.  My favorites were the ones featuring Jamon Serrano, and I liked his version of Patatas with aioli drizzle. 
If you live in New Orleans, you'll find Barcelona a nice change.  You can linger and sample a variety of dishes. Great date nite place.  It's right behind the Walgreens on Carrolton.
Tourists can find the restaurant with a half block walk off the St. Charles streetcar, so when you get tired of deep fried seafood at high prices in the Quarter, hop on the street car and transport yourself temporarily to an evening in Spain.
He has an "order slip" at the table similar to the ones in sushi bars - just read the descriptions on the menu and check off your choices on the paper slip.The owner of this restaurant is super nice. Perfect place for a group or date night. The food here is always amazing. It's one of my go-to for tapas!!! The paella and squid steak are my favoriteHorrendous service, mediocre food.  I've had better tapas.Stumbled upon this place late on a Sunday night. The restaurant was nearly empty (SUCH a shame), but this was not an accurate representation of the quality and taste of the food. 
I lived in Spain for a while so I had some high expectations for the tapas and sangria. To say the least, the chef did not let me down. The tapas were actually much better than most of what I ate while I lived abroad. 
A few of my favorites were the garlic shrimp, patatas bravas (must have), the fabada, the Brussel sprouts, and the pan with fresh tomato and mozzarella (my favorite and one of the chef's favorites). 
I loved taking to the chef as he was so personable and I got to hear some of his amazing stories. 
I felt like I was in Spain again. 
Do yourself a favor and go eat at Barcelona Tapas.Very quaint neighborhood tapas joint.  Maybe 15 tables inside.  Was chilly outside when we visited, but there was a small front porch with tables and a nice looking patio in back.  The grilled calamari was very good.  Definitely order patatas bravas.  Prices were very reasonable, in our opinion.  Our waiter was David and he was very welcoming and pleasant.  Having studied abroad in Barcelona, I felt like we got an authentic Spanish meal.  Will definitely be back.Good food, but overpriced. We spent $200 on 4 people without drinks.....
Try the lamb and shrimp/avocado dish.Read the reviews. This place is incredible. Cannot be denied as one of the best spots in New Orleans. Don't buy into all the mainstream stuff, Barcelona Tapas can hang with the best. The menu has great vegetarian and meat options for everyone. My vegetarian wife and even my young kids love it. The dishes are prepared to perfection. Each one loaded with flavor. The ambiance is great. Go there for a memorable experience enjoyed with family, a date, or friends. You will not be disappointed.Me and my wife were really excited to be able to have spanish cuisine while in New Orleans.  When arriving, everything seemed promising, the bar decor was Spanish, the wine selection was decent, the tapas menu seemed like our evening was going to be great.  When the food got there, it was bland and lacked Spanish flavors. To seal the deal, they had the nerve to serve frozen vegetables. I'm not sure why this place has such a high rating :/ I felt duped coming out of this place since Spanish food is like religion to me.Price range here might be misleading (we spend $20/person sharing tapas and paella and sangria among a group). I can see it being 30-40 if you're too hungry. Excellent value. Tapas were really great, and service was superb, with the bonus of having the chef visiting our table.As my dinner companion noted, I rarely say "wow" at a meal. I'm trying to learn the art of writing a review and being objective. This place made me as giddy as a metrosexual at a Saks sale (that comparison will likely get me banned for life).
My meal: 
Patats bravas, tortilla espanola, ceviche, gambas ajillos, paella, flan...all washed down with Sangria
My thoughts:
This was truly an authentic spanish meal. All wonderfully prepared and served. The dining space is intimate and quite mediterranean. The sangria was the only low moment. It was good, but not quite up to par. I guess it's like scoring the hot, corporate lawyer...but she can't shag. Alas, one can't have it all.
Bottom line:
A wonderful space whose owner/chef is from Barcelona. The food and service were both exceptional. Why are you still reading...vaya!Our family meal at Barcelona tonight was fabulous. Everything was delicious! The Caesar salads, the Manchego cheese, shrimp Diablo, Brussel spouts, Cerrano ham, Rack of Lamb, calamari tapas were all perfectly prepared. Then came the Paella. So full, it had to be our dessert. It too was delicious. It has been quite a while that we have enjoyed such a wonderful meal , even in this city of great restaurants. We will return soon!Went with a group and sat in the side room. The wait staff was great, the food was good for the price, and the atmosphere was very good. 
After the small plates were consumed the chef(owner?) came out to ask how it was. 
My only complaint was the salt content. The food was very salty, as in our group of 9 went through about 6 carafes of water.What a wonderful little neighborhood cafe that transports the visitor to Barcelona!  Chef/Owner, Javier, delivers authentic Spanish cuisine to NOLA making each little dish a delight.  Visitors are welcomed into his warm and inviting restaurant by wonderful aromas.  Be sure to notice his self-designed bar built as a tribute to the legendary Spanish architect, Gaudi.  Don't hesitate . . . GO!  You won't be disappointed.A delicious meal was had among three friends!! We started with tapas of ceviche, manchego and olives, shrimp diablo, lamb lollipops, fresh mozzarella and tomato bread, and Brussels sprouts which were all very flavorful. Next, we enjoyed the Valencia Paella, which was exquisite! We followed that with a chocolate flan and Catalonian creme brûlée which were also exquisite! The sangria had a very nice balance and was very drinkable. The wait staff were very attentive and chef Xavier even came to our table a couple times. Overall, a wonderful meal! We'll definitely return!Good food - not good service. Just not enough waiter attention for a restaurant that needs frequent ordering.A hidden gem- you feel like you are walking into Spain. Loved the garlic shrimp, chorizo sherry, manchego garlic bread, Serrano ham ... Pretty much everything we tried was delicious. Very affordable - NOT $$$ more like $$. 6 people ate with sangria for $20 plus tip and were full. Loved our waiter David! Very authentic Spanish owner came to greet us after. Must go!!!!!!I am such a fan of small plates. Not, spend a lot of money for some artsy dish, but sharing and trying a little bit of everything, and getting what you pay for.
The boyfriend and I ate here before going to a show. We were hungry, but didn't want to have any leftovers and he and I both cannot stand to throw food away. 
The inside of the restaurant is pretty romantic. It doesn't feel like you're in New Orleans. I was disappointed we were the only people eating at the restaurant but we didn't feel like we were being watched by the entire staff or that our conversation could be heard.
The menu was divided appropriately by meat, vegetable and/or seafood, hot, and cold tapas. The prices are so reasonable for the sizes, ie. higher price, bigger serving, and you can choose to order one, two, or three servings. The food came out very quickly so if we wanted more it wouldn't be a long wait at all. The server explained everything and made sure we were happy with what we got. 
Everything was delicious! The sangria was perfect, and we had a spread of different tapas and it was hard to decide what was the best. I wish I could eat food like that everyday. Americans need to take note and I wish more family and social gatherings could contain the sharing style of tapas. I want to bring everyone I know there!
(PS. I don't eat garlic or onions unless in VERY small quantities because they make me sick. I was hesitant to try here after reading how much garlic there was on the menu, but it was avoidable. I'm sure the garlic stuff is delicious though.)The best lamb chops you will ever be served. I not one for small plates, but we went out to this cozy spot uptown, and were immediately taken back by the pure character of this place. As a business owner myself, I always like to hear about a business' upcoming stories, and we were fortunate enough to speak with the owner, Xavier, when he personally finished preparing our meal. When you go, ask him about how he got here and how things are going...truly inspiring story of dedication, and passion for his creations. I now finally can say I like tapas.I've been coming here for about a year. The staff and chef owner are very warm and friendly. The chef is from Barcelona and was trained there. His dishes are the most  traditional Spanish tapas you can find in southeastern Louisiana plus at a good price point. My favorite dish is the calamari steak which is cooked in olive oil with a flat iron. The Brussels sprouts with havarti are also excellent. You can find the usual tapas including shrimp with garlic and also paella. The outside is unfinished but don't be put off. It's an authentic experience that'll transport you to Catalonia.Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and absolutely delicious food. Definitely not a three dollar sign restaurant though. Very affordable. A wonderful restaurant in the Riverbend neighborhood.My wife and I were trying restaurants outside the Quarter and happened by accident across this little gem in the river bend area. A local happened to walk by and raved about the food. We came back later the next evening and were met by Xavier, a talkative and informative master Chef who just exudes passion for his craft. We enjoyed his take on classic sangria which eschews the usual glut of citrus for a simple honest apple flavor. Clean but not cloying; it paired perfectly with all of our selections. The "sushi" style ordering form makes perfect sense given the number of food items typically chosen, contrary to what some detractors might say. We started with Gazpacho, which was extraordinary, and Ceviche'. The Ceviche' was perfectly marinated and quite different from the usual Mexican style we were used to. The eggplant was quite tasty as were the Spanish Piquant peppers on toasted rounds. The real standouts were the fried potatoes in spicy aioli sauce and the hot garlic shrimp. Later I just had to try the lamb, which was perfectly cooked and so tender it practically fell off the bone. We finished with a smooth caramel flan which was neither overly sweet nor eggy as some Mexican flans tend to be. 
But by far the most interesting part of the meal was getting to talk candidly to one of the top five Chefs in New Orleans. Chef Laurentino demonstrates a true passion for food, having thought carefully and meticulously about every single dish. He took pride in his restaurant which he personally by his own hand restored from an old house. The interior has an authentic but comfortable ambiance with gorgeous wood salvaged from original construction boards. I was surprised to be one of only three couples we saw during our two hour stay, but it was a slow Wednesday night. I cannot recommend this restaurant highly enough. Do be careful not to go crazy with the variety of choices, however. Each dish is reasonable, but like most tapas cafes, it's not a place to stuff yourself into gastronomic stupor and expect to do so on a budget. Eat slowly and really take the time to savor each little morsel.Overpriced. I wouldn't return. Asking for water and then being charged over $1.00 for a bottle of Kentwood is crazy! It was nearly empty on a Saturday night. The decor is great... it has a lot of potential but it's just too expensive and not as yummy as I had anticipated.Everything on the menu that I ordered was incredibly delicious. The chef managed to make every plate incredible, no matter how simple it appeared to be.The chef of the restaurant, who sometimes comes out after the meal and greets his clients, is from Barcelona, Spain. This shows through in the cuisine, which is absolutely authentic and totally mouth-watering-good.  My favorites are the sangria pitchers, the aioli, of which you should get a few extras to slather on everything, the chorizo diablo, the patatas bravas, the tortilla (like an omlette), and the flan. I'm half Cuban and have traveled extensively throughout Spain. This restaurant does NOT disappoint!  Order a glass of rioja with your meat dish if you want the most authentic Spanish flavor!This is an incredible restaurant that I have not stopped at, even though it is about 100 yards from where I have been staying for almost 8 years. What a find! The tapas, the garlic soup is wonderful! This is Catalan Cooking at its best. And the flan was the best that I have ever had. Treat yourself. Go to Barcelona on Dublin Street!I don't give 5 stars lightly. This place was absolutely amazing! 
I'm a HUGE tapas fan but this place really takes the cake. The Sangria is good and the food is SO well cooked I was blown away - garlic chicken melts in your mouth and is amazingly flavorful.  The chicken bomba is spicy and fantastic! Garlic Mushrooms were so good we finished the sauce with bread.  And the garlic-tomatoe bread is amazingly fresh - rub the garlic on the crustini's yourself!
We were on the edge about coming here and I'm SO glad we did :)Really amazing tapas restaurant! I have no bad things to say. The service was good and the food was delicious. There are no split checks, so keep that in mind if you're eating with a large group.Cool place - very european feeling, with nice people and a nice atmosphere. Try the canoes (especially the pork tenderloin one).  This place is very reasonably priced and you can go in, have a great time, enjoy a few drinks and taste a bunch of really well prepared tapas dishes.I have been to this place twice now. Somehow my husband found out about this place and I'm glad he did. We both ordered 3 plates. The lamb is absolutely the best lamb I've ever had. Both times we were fortunate enough to meet the owner and chef, Xavier. The second time though, after he finished cooking and we were the last ones left, he poured himself a glass of wine and sat and talked to us. He told us his story of struggle and success. If you ever want to feel like you're eating from your own personal chef, this place will satisfy you. Xavier is your chef and he makes damn good food.Everything was consistently perfect! From the service to the atmosphere to the food to the sangria, I looked forward to every taste! I was always a fan of Laurentinos in Metairie and now I've found him at this hidden gem on Maple. 2 very enthusiastic thumbs up! We will be back!  P.S. Check out my photos!By far the best culinary experience I've had during my weekend in NOLA. From the ordering system to the detailed menu, this restaurant is amazing. Chef Laurentino's constant interaction with customers makes you feel at home. Barcelona is definitely a hidden gem that EVERYONE needs to visit.
Would come back anytime!!What a hidden gem. Javier the chef is an amazing and wonderful person. His food is fresh tasty and Spanish. Love this place.Absolutely love this joint in the heart of Nola. Chef Laurentino was super personable he stopped by to chat and made sure we were aware of his style and how he likes the restaurant to run. Basically if you want a microwave dinner this is not the place! LOVED THAT! He takes his time to prepare a meal as though you are at home! 
I can definitely appreciate that in a restaurant and will definitely return! Amazing food, super service, hit location! Will be back for more delicious food!Nice place. Staff there are super friendly. As a tourist, they tried to recommend a lot of great places to visit. Most important thing, foods are all delicious!!!I would rate the paella a tie with Lola's for the best in town. Location is great. Atmosphere is quaint and good location for date night. There is also a party room for renting on special occasions. We struggled a little with the getting the hours of operation straight at the beginning, but would definitely recommend it.This was the worst Spanish food that I've ever tried. First of all, none of the dishes we tried gave us a pleasure to eat them. All of them were cooked in a very unspecial way. Appearance of the place looks okay but unfortunately we couldn't have the same feeling for the dishes. If you want to get good tapas, just try Mimi's in the Marigny. Portions are bigger, taste of the food is awesome and you pay around the same.This is the sort of restaurant that inspires me to write a review that is glowing and entertaining to read.  The entertaining part is probably not going to happen right now because I haven't had my coffee yet, but I can't wait until later to put some ink on how fantastic Barcelona is.  Much attention has been paid to every tapas on an extensive list.  There are tapas of true brilliance to be uncovered on this menu, but you will probably have to wade through many dishes which are merely dazzling and delicious to find them.  Oh, the torture.  Some of the wines available by the glass were best of type for me and if you leave without trying the flan, I don't want to talk to you ever again.  The flan's joys are subtle, so you may not be as wowed as I was, but you need to have that opportunity.  Delivering food of this quality with such a large menu is quite a feat, but what really makes my head spin is the value.  The service is a bit of a soft spot although still competent.  Service could be a touch better, but probably not at these prices.  I'd recommend coming prepared to relax and focus on the food and wine.  It's important to note that only cash is accepted.Very unique and delicious restaurant, sweet people, and the chef is a bon homme! I enjoyed the white bean soup, and the lamb chops, great bar too.I had the pleasure of visiting this restaurant last weekend with some friends who had been here before and highly recommended it. There was a great ambience about it...very cozy and dimly light, which is the type of atmosphere I search for when looking for restaurants to try. The staff were very friendly and were quick to give helpful opinions in ordering drinks and such. I first tried the sangria which was delicious. The bartender said it was their own special recipe with a secret ingredient. I definitely could taste something that made it different from other sangria I have tried, but couldn't quite put my finger on it. I also later ordered the house margarita....absolutely delicious and very fresh tasting. It is apparent that it is completely home made with fresh ingredients. We ordered the grilled calamari, garlic soup, rib eye, patatas, chorizo w/ manchego, brussel sprouts with pancetta and havarti cheese, fries, and lamb chops (TO DIE FOR).....don't cheat yourself....order extra lamb chops!) Everything was absolutely delicious. We ended our meal with espresso at the recommendation of our friends and it did not disappoint. The owner/chef (yes, the owner was in the kitchen cooking all of our food....you cant get any better than that) came out to greet us as we were finishing up which was very nice. He actually sat at the empty table next to us and we all talked about how he got started, how he built this establishment himself including the decor, plumbing and electric. His passion for cooking and his love/pride for his restaurant was very evident. We enjoyed the whole experience very much and will definitely visit again!A little befuddled when we first walked in.  Thought about jumping ship, but we had already ordered Sangria.  It ended up being a great meal.  The price was right as well.  If you are in the mood for a culinary adventure, I would definitely consider checking it out.Barcelona Tapas is my go-to tapas place. I always sit outside on their front porch -- which by the way is dog friendly! Its location -- tucked away behind Carrolton Ave. is often overlooked. There's just so many great things about this restaurant. We have always had amazing service. It's never crowded (although I do hope that business is good for them). The prices are so reasonable. The food, of course, is the best part. 
We always get certain things: 
- a large pitcher of sangria -- easily 4-6 glasses of sangry for less than $20
- Mixed Ceviche -- very tangy, large pieces of fish and shrimp cooked in citrus juice, well worth the $10
-  Potatas Bravas -- wow these are always hot, CRISPY, and the sauce is fantastic! I think it's worth it to get double portions
- grilled squid -- an upgrade to fried calamari - it's fork tender and flavorful
- the various toppings on toasted bruschetta (we do the roasted peppers -- OMG GOOD and only $2, serrano ham and manchego, the fig preserve one)
- the lamb chop and fries -- another thing worth double servings
I recommend the place for a romantic date or for a group. It definitely seems like business is picking up here. The first time we were here, over a year ago, it was very slow and we were one of a handful of patrons. Last time we were here, two weekends ago, the restaurant was packed. I really hope that they do succeed because the place fills a much needed niche in the New Orleans food scene.Absolutely love this place! Def one of my favs!. The food is amazing, customer service very friendly. the environment is also great!peps def try it out!It was a good thing my man was away for business when I went to Barcelona Tapas to rekindle my affair with GARLIC. Oh garlic, you beautiful stinking rose of flavor, whether you are tenderly roasted, or sharply raw--how do I love thee?
Barcelona Tapas, with it's plywood facade and banner sandwiched between two other businesses is easy to overlook but you shouldn't! A girlfriend and I were in the mood for Sangria and Tapas so naturally Barcelona was our first choice!
It was a Wednesday night and oddly, we had the whole place to ourselves, ok there was one other duo seated next to us that also started and finished at the same time. Let that be no reflection on the service or food, if anything it's that sad time of year after Mardi Gras where things just slow down (for everyone.)
Jasmine was the bartender and server that night and seated us at Table 5 "The best table in the whole restaurant." We ordered a pitcher of Sangria which was great. Like the other reviews, not too sweet and not too sour--just right. The glasses were garnished with chopped apples, but they were cut too small and thin and kept either getting stuck to the glass or my lips. Next time, I'll just dump them out of the glass before pouring the Sangria.
Jasmine reccomended 2-4 tapas/person, but we were both really hungry so we ordered 4 a piece. We had;
Lentil Soup
Pancetta and Garlic Brussel Sprouts
Patatas Bravas
Garlic Crimini Mushrooms
Lamb Chop
Gouda and Olive
Tomato Garlic Bread with Serrano Ham
Tomato Garlic Bread with Gouda
Vanilla Flan
Everything was divine, especially the little lamb chop which was SO TENDER that my butter knife easily cut through it! I also recommend dipping your bread in the garlic mixture that accompanies many of the tapas, but be warned, you won't be kissing anyone soon with that mouth!
I'll definitely be back when I can eat cheese again so I can try all of the Spanish cheese tapas on the menu!Tapas seems to be hot right now in town, but all the other places I'd hit (Salu, Baru, Vega, and another) were serving over-sweet, nonsensical fusion food in tiny portions and slapping a Spanish name on their dishes - Salu in particular has little but fried food slathered in what tastes like catsup.  Barcelona made for a nice change.
The place is small and was quiet almost to a fault at 7 on a Friday night, but the staff was very friendly, chatty, and warm.  Extensive menu of veg and non-veg traditional Spanish tapas dishes plus damn fine Barcelonian-style canoes.  My girl (who's traveled in the area much more than I have) and I kept saying how the dishes tasted EXACTLY like they would have in Spain.  Subtle garlic-wine soaked cremini mushrooms, aged serrano ham, etc.  
We had maybe 7 plates and four drinks between the two of us and the check came to around $60, which seemed fair for the quality.  The chef and owner, an excitable, slightly desperate-seeming guy, was out schmoozing towards the end with his waiters.  Would return, and would recommend it over the nonsense at the other "tapas" places Uptown.Delicious, great service, healthy and fun.  We had ceviche, avocado shrimp, and chef's shrimp pasta.  It was all 5 stars.  The restaurant itself is a piece of art, not stuffy, but warm and inviting.  It was our first trip.  I went with my daughter.  Oh,did I mention reasonable prices and great wines?  I can't think of a single thing I would improve.Delicious! 
The flan is impeccable, and the tapas were very good. This was my first time eating Tapas and I became a fan immediately! The dishes came out in a good order.
The mushrooms were good, as well as the eggplant dish. The sangria was very nice.
Although it does not have a large seating area, it is still very nice. Too bad they don't open for lunch or on Mondays!
Definitely should come here to taste delicious flan and crème brulée!!This was my third time eating at Barcelona Tapas. A few years ago, I went to the Tapas Crawl on Wednesday nights and discovered the delicious sangria and had a small plate (some sort of cheese). The sangria was delicious, and the owner was super friendly. My second time going, my husband and I were the only ones in the restaurant. We had a lovely waitress who was attentive and informative. We each ordered several hot and cold tapas. The fish ceviche, potatas bravas, and crimini mushrooms were our favorites. Our waitress suggested the creme brulee for dessert; it was probably one of my favorite creme brulees I have had in the city. It was a tad bit lemony and super light and fresh. 
We left feeling confused why we were the only people in there. This place was so yummy and well priced for  delicious Spanish dishes.  
We decided to go back again 2 weeks later. We arrived for an early dinner and saw another couple there. It was good to see more people in the restaurant but was still shocked that for a Friday it was so slow. We ordered our favorite dishes and tried the mussels. We each got 3 tapas and an order of rolls (which was less than we had ordered the first time we ate dinner there) and split the dessert. The chef made sure everything we ate was to our satisfaction . I left feeling completely satisfied and once again the service was great. 
We are going to spread the news to our friends that live in the neighborhood. This place has a nice ambiance and friendly staff. The food is great and we can't wait to try some of the bigger dishes (paella) next time.The place is designed like a shotgun house, it keeps going further back.  Bar is on your left as you enter which is welcoming, the decor brings you into a small Spanish town and it's peaceful with dim light and candles on each table.. Vibe is quiet with Spanish guitar music filling the room.  Get there after 7:30 when the place picks up a bit.  
Ordered the Garlic Tomato bread with mozzarella which was very delicious.  It had mint leaves mixed in which gave it a fresh taste.  The garlic shrimp with melted Brie was a little too cheesy, the eggplant casserole was OK.  The best part was definitely the flan which was the best I have had anywhere, definite must if you like flan.  This place is a work in progress, the staff was very courteous, fast and asked for our honest opinion on everything which was nice.  They plan to expand the back to have an outdoor patio which is a must have for a tapas environment.  Will definitely go back and try the Paella which looks amazing.  What I'd like to see is a live guitarist on weekends, this would really be a big draw and bring in people.  Also, the restaurants that are tucked away on Dublin St should work with the city and neighborhood to make something cool in the neutral ground.  Turn it into a nice square with a gazebo and lights... make it a meeting place for people going to eat in the area, right now it's too dark and doesn't make the location appealing.Really cute tapas restaurant in uptown New Orleans! Good restaurant for dates or a night out with friends. It has a wide variety of vegetarian and meat tapas. My favorites were the patatas bravas, fries, garlic and tomato bread with manchego, tortilla, and asparagus. Many dishes came with a delicious aioli that I want to eat everyday for the rest of my life! Great for sharing with groups and it didn't wind up being too expensive! Dishes were around $5 or $6 each. I would recommend ordering a few things to start and ordering more once you see what you like/ if you're still hungry.
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsexcellent food. lots of delicious garlic, and not to oily like some tapas other places. owner stopped by to chat with my friend in spanish. i love Lola's but i think this was better!
try the mozzarella and tomato toast. also the garlic shrimp, and dunk your bread in the garlic oil dressing. the tempranillo Rioja was perfect, if a bit pricey.
our waitress as slightly clueless, but made up for it by being sweet and (overly) attentive.
the atmosphere is nice, if a little kitch side, but i'm picky. overall it was pleasant, just not pitch perfect.My boyfriend and I found this restaurant on yelp and thought it looked delicious- so we tried it last Friday.  We we have been dying to come back since.  We were impressed with everything we ordered.  The paella was delicious, and the tapas was unbelievable.  The lamb chops and calamari were prepared perfectly.  Do yourself a favor and try it out- and start with the sangria.  You can't go wrong!You can't go wrong with Barcelona Tapas.  
The small plate options are all fantastic, but the chicken casserole, crimini mushrooms and the potato dish stand out. My dining partner swears by the grilled calamari and the lamb chop.  For some small plates you get the option of upgrading to a spicier version.  Do it. You won't regret the extra flavor.  
I recommend starting with the roasted garlic soup. It is amazingly flavorful, yet still light.  
If you aren't in the mood for small plates, the pasta is divine.  The chef is super friendly and hands on about all of the food.  And he lets me substitute chicken for shrimp in the pasta which is much appreciated.
The sangria is a nice addition to any meal.Barcelona Tapas is tucked away in River Bend, and but for the location and maybe a lack of publicity, I think this place would be packed to the rafters on a Saturday night.  We tried it last night and everyone in my party loved the food, but it was a bit quiet.  Perhaps it was an off night, but the food was excellent.  
The decor and the ambiance are very nice.  Modern, but not brash in the slightest.  The restaurant is a converted shotgun, so you walk past the bar to get to the dining area.  None of us had the sangria, but they offer that, a selection of beer and a wine list that is not exactly vast, but the two Spanish reds I ordered by the glass paired quite nicely with the food.  Considering I was planning on ordering a wide array of food - meats, seafood, some spicy, some not - I was just looking for a satisfying red in its own right, not trying to get clever with any pairings, and was happy with the result.
The menu offers a few entrees and paella, but the vast majority of the menu is an offering of tapas - almost 50 different choices of all varieties hot, cold, seafood, meat, cheese, vegetarian.  They recommend a rule of thumb of 2-3 tapas per person in your party, so the more people you bring, the more stuff you get to try.  We had four and started off with ten different dishes hitting each category at least once, and then called back two for an encore - the punchy patatas bravas (cubed potatoes fried in olive oil and served in a spicy aioli sauce) and the garlic chicken.  The garlic chicken was a runaway favorite - pieces of white meat cooked perfectly in a thick garlic sauce.  We ordered extra bread (which is unfortunately a menu item on its own - served with a marvelous aioli as well) to mop up the sauce left behind when the chicken was gone.  (Hey, were I come from, a biscuit is a utensil.) 
My personal favorite was the Mussels Mediterranean.  It is one of the pricier tapas items at $7.99, but it's a fair portion, roughly half of what you would get as an entree at many other restaurants.  The mussels were cooked perfectly and served in a light tomato broth.  They were tender and flavorful, and the broth, while flavorful, was not overpowering at all.  I also enjoyed the Barcelona canoes - toasted slices of French bread topped with different combinations of meat and cheese.  The shrimp-aioli-brie canoe and the beef tenderloin-gouda were particularly good.  These come one per order, so they don't lend themselves to sharing very easily.  
All in all, it was quite a nice experience, though not cheap at all.  Our service was good and they were playing Spanish music which kept it from being too quiet for us.  The owner came out and thanked us near the end of the meal and he was very gracious.  About the only negative I could think of was the lack of free bread with some of the selections - such as the garlic chicken or the mussels - and their bread is fantastic.  I munched on a few pieces of it plain and found it marvelous. But, that alone is not enough to outweigh the good and I will definitely be back for more.I would probably give this place 5 stars if the prices were a little more reasonable. I enjoyed a lot of the dishes here, but I definitely felt like it was overpriced for what it wasUnbelievable. 
Came to Barcelona after a recommendation from Instagram. I was thoroughly impressed! The atmosphere makes it feel as though you are not in uptown New Orleans. I felt as though I was transported to actual Spain.
The food was absolutely incredible. Served as a typical tapas restaurant, the portions were small but full of flavor. The garlic shrimp diablo was out of this world. Other favorites were the tomato mozzarella bread, brussel sprouts, and the paella. Topped it off with a unique and delicious creme brulle and espresso.
The entire meal was made better by the chef delivering our food and checking in throughout the meal. Will definitely be back and recommend!Another fabulous meal at Barcelona.   My favorite, it is like flying to Spain.Went on a quiet Sunday evening and had one of the most memorable meals of my life.  Four of us shared a couple of salads, a few tapas items and a couple of entrees. We were given the best flan in creation to cap the experience off. 
Every single item was brilliant.  Lamb chops were perfectly grilled, rib eye was life-changing. 
Xavier is passionate about his food and it shows.  
Do not miss this charming Spanish place amidst the mountain of choices in the city.The best sangria in town. Very extensive tapas menu, and the service is fabulous!The lamb lollipops are the greatest, a wonderful sear with a juicy interior.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.  All of the food is awesome, particularly the garlic shrimp and the mushrooms.  Wonderful atmosphere with really great service.  We visit each time we are in the city.This is a new little place we stumbled across.  Everything was great.  The chef /owner was a delight and really went above and beyond to make us as comfortable as possible. We'll be back soon.The only reason I don't have pictures from here is because the food went so fast!! We came across it late at night and the staff was still incredibly gracious and inviting. We ordered lamb chops, assorted olives, cerrano ham, spanish tortilla, and a house salad. Oh and never forget the wine. All the dishes were seriously amazing. The lamb and Spanish tortilla were hot and freshly prepared. There aren't words to describe how amazing the cerrano ham was...you just need to go try it. Even the house salad was outstanding with a very unique dressing and thinly sliced veggies. It was all such good food and service. Left feeling super satisfied but not like I overate. Definitely reccomend for authentic tapas and some larger spanish dishes!!REALLY enjoy the food there. From Tapas to entrée, everything is almost perfect. The lamp stick is really fresh and delicious. And the Spanish ham, Paella are really special and authentic! Also, the service is good.Let me start by saying I will eat here very often! This place has so much love put into the food. I just ate there today for lunch, since they are now open for lunch time. I had the garlic shrimp wrap. It was delicious!! The best thing about this place is Chief Xavier and his assistant Olga are so nice and welcoming. I would and I am recommending all of my friends and family.This place was charming. The owner was delightful! We ordered several items. My favorites were the calamari steak because it was perfectly seared, the pork chop and frites because it was a small course of savory and the aoli was light and tangy, and the lemon vanilla crime brûlée! Give it a try with friends so you can sample multiple dishes.I went to Barcelona Tapas this past Sunday (3/24) and I had one of the worst restaurant experiences of my adult life. At first, I was excited to try the authentic food my friend had recommended. When we got there, we were not seated but decided to sit at the bar. We had to get the menus ourselves and it took me telling our waiter 3x to get us a glass of water. Although she was by herself, she was not attentive to us nor did she make me feel wanted or comfortable. I didn't really mind as I was just hungry. Finally, we got to order. I am vegetarian and we stressed this as we ordered. We made it a point to order all vegetarian dishes and the waiter even gave us some of her recommendations. We ordered the "White Bean Soup" thinking there was no meat in it. Only later, after having about 5 spoons did I realize there was meat in my soup. I immediately asked the waitress and she confirmed there was indeed meat in my soup. As I am vegetarian for spiritual/religious reasons, I started to feel extremely disgusted and I wanted to vomit. It was not my choice to eat meat and I have not even touched meat for over 5 years. She only said she could take of the soup from my bill, but I would have to pay for the rest of the meal. I was not happy to pay them as it was clearly the waitresses mistake. I felt traumatized and violated. She apologized and also began to cry. While her tears were vulnerable and I appreciated her emotion, I was the one who was distraught and I felt like she was crying so I would pity her and she could manipulate the situation. I think it is important to mention here I am a woman of color and she is a white woman. Regardless, I wanted to leave and never come back to that place. I did not make much of a fuss, I quietly paid the bill and left. However, I did not feel good giving them my money and I think if I was in the waitress position I would have taken the price of the bill out of my paycheck. Tears simply don't pay bills. And, while money does not make up for the fact I was not given a choice and made to eat meat at least it shows they are willing to take responsibility for their actions and they value their customer's happiness. I would not recommend this place or ever go back.Wonderful!  Everything tasted as good or better as it did in Spain.  The owner made the bar and it is beautiful.  We'll be back