We ended up at Baru by accident; we were hot, dehydrated and in need of lunch. Baru was the only thing around that seemed even remotely interesting, so we gave it a shot.
And it's a good thing! The food here was _excellent_, and at the price point they are charging it's almost unbeatable. Service was wonderful and the size of this restaurant gives it a great intimate feeling.Best restaurant in the Magazine Street area if you ask me! The mazorca and steak skewers are amazing. Don't forget to get the arepas!Well......There isn't really much to add to these reviews . 
Baru bistro is an incredible experience!
We were wowed by the Grand marnier margaritas also the churrasco steak is definitely a must !
It's was an easy choice for dessert, the tres leche with strawberry sauce  was just amazing.
 Can't wait to visit this place again !.Service is exceptional. I ordered chuzos off the small plate menu. Perfectly cooked, great seasoning. My husband ordered from the regular menu. Forgot what his dish was called, but it was an entire fish! A beautifully plated, perfectly cooked red snapper. Accompanied by fried plantain chips (crispy and delicious), coconut rice, and some sort of slaw. Highly recommend it!!!We loved the ambiance of the upstairs bar; however, the downstairs aesthetic is just as appealing. By far the best chimichuri skirt steak available in New Orleans. The mazorco appetizer was a great start to the delicious and well-rounded meal. The house made tres leches did not disappoint. Fabulous wine selection. We definitely highly recommend trying out this establishment. Service was prompt and polite. The manager, John, even took his time to welcome us in. It was an all around welcoming and pleasant experience.Amazing upstairs balcony, great food, varying menu, reasonably priced.  Love this place.  Lamb sliders were incredible.What an amazing find! New Orleans has some great Cajun food but this Latin and Caribbean fusion is a MUST! Everything was absolutely delicious. We ordered the pulled pork yucca and quinoa chowder tapas and the pork chop and mofongo entree and enjoyed every bite on the balcony!Good tapas & a nice lunch menu.  Some inventive dishes & some that sound better on paper than they actually taste.  Love the corn item and the tuna was great.  The avocado/mushroom thing which I was really excited about was sort "meh."  Definitely worth a visit.Will New Orleans cuisine ever cease to amaze me! Doubt it, this place is amazing.  Fried oysters are to die for.  West Indian crab cakes with a beet salad, skirt steak all equally amazing. I intend to come back and try it all.  And it's reasonably priced!  Definitely in my rotation nowThe review of Baru to me would be...it's ok. Everything's pretty average, excluding the Arepas which were thin, and tasted like the stove. If I lived near by, I'd probably stop in and have the steak tacos (which are quite good) and beer, but I don't. I'll leave my Arepas consumption to Mais.Found this place by accident when the restaurant we'd planned to go to was closed. We were drawn in by the smell wafting down the street and were not disappointed.
They serve tapas as well a full sized entrees that are packed with flavor.  I tried the lamb sliders, the Caribbean style shrimp and the crispy chicken tapas - all were amazing.  The jerk chicken over rizotto entree was something I never would have thought to order for myself, but I ate almost all of my boyfriend's plate!
Last thing I'll say is the service was great and the margaritas (with some kind of spicy salt on the rim) was the best margarita I've had in ages.  Great place, definitely going back!!Came here for "happy hour" one weekday with some friends. However, after looking at the menu, there is no deal. It's just a smaller portion and half the price. For example, the lamb slider on the HH menu is just one slider for $5, where as on the regular menu, you get two lamb sliders for $10. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious! But not a deal. 
Also, wasn't a fan of the atmosphere. They put us in the back and there was not much lighting and we felt crammed. 
I had the featured cocktail which was some watermelon basil vodka drink. Sounded delicious yet was disgusting! My coresident got it too and we both had to ask for something different. Unfortunately, with all the other great HH's in Nola, will probably not be back here.I can't believe that this trap is getting good reviews.  We live in the neighborhood and went once. 
Service BAD, food TERRIBLE, no beer/wine, very expensive, high corkage., no parking, no good side to this.
There are plenty of good restaurants & cafes nearby.Colorful bistro that offers modernized twists on Caribbean food---tapas and kabobs, mostly with a seafood slant. Friendly waitstaff, if slightly harried because of the weekend lunch rush. No booze, no beer, no liquor license---a shame since an Abita would have been welcome on the 100-degree Saturday afternoon. Hell, a  working door would have been nice, as theirs is tempermental and either gets stuck (A few potential customers were banging desperately with their fists and/or shoving with their shoulders and/or yelling "Hello?") or randomly creeps ajar, letting in blasts of heat. Kind of annoying, if you're sitting in the front as I was. 
The good news? Like many places in New Orleans, Baru is sans liquor license, but embraces a friendly BYOB (or BYOV, BYOW, BYOA) policy. The food is portioned small and a little pricey for lunch, but it's uniformly terrific, even the plantain chips and yucca. I wish they had more meat and poultry options than they did, but if you favor seafood I doubt you'll be disappointed.
PS. Did I mention the door?
PPS. Baru, I like you, but please look into your door situation.My first experience was great. Went with two other girls. We decided to stick to the tapas appetizers and split a few. The consensus was that the oysters may have been the best we have ever tried. Can't go wrong with the steak skewers and pork either. Affordable prices , staff was very friendly plus great atmosphere! Would have loved if there wasn't a corking fee since most other restaurants I've been to in the city do not charge one (domenica, Lebanon cafe, American sector, etc...)but I would highly recommend this place.This place is as good as it gets, honest. I really love everything about this place from the seating and setting, the service and of course the the best tapas in the city.  
If available on a nice late evening try sitting upstairs on the balcony, a great setting looking out over Magazine. The service here is excellent and unlike a lot of places in Nola, completely unpretentious. The food is tremendous and you can tell a lot of love and care is put in every dish. Seriously, nothing here is bad.I love this place.  I love the shrimp & fish tacos.  The presentation is fantastic.  The shrimp are giant.  But...there are things I'd change.....no shrimp tacos for dinner? you can't make one anyway? too bad.  I ordered the shrimp salad with mango...yummy....a little too much shell left on and it was hard to peel. My daughter got the shrimp entree...sadly there was pork in it....so she quit eating it midway thru (sorry, she doesn't speak cuban...so she didn't know).  But...it was pretty!
They don't have liquor but you can bybo....i did see they were applying for a license.  
all and all, i really do love this place...and i'd have given it five stars if they'd accommodated me with the shrimp tacos at night. (I order them for lunch at least 3x a wees so it's not like they don't know i'm a repeat customer).  Baru is a hidden treasure on Magazine Street.Poor service.  It took 10 minutes for someone to come and speak to us and they didn't even say hello. Just dropped the menus on the table.
2 bites of food for $9.  Go to Mais Arepas if you want to get an Arepa.
Put a juicy plate of food on a wood plank that cause grease to run all over the table.
Keep on walking and don't eat here.RIDICULOUSLY good. everything was amazing, especially the conch ceviche. I could have had five servings of it. just remember to bring your own wine. But love this place!Oh Baru I wanted to love you. 
Food: could have been 5 stars, but I don't know. The Guacobello (awful name) was AMAZING. order it now. 
The corn with French fries was not good. At all. 1 star. 
Service: Great on the server end, poor on the general manager. I came for a foodie tour. I represented a culinary company. I wanted to try a few of your items in smaller portions (which you would be offering in a few hours either way for happy hour), why did you say no? I would understand under various circumstances but when I'm the only one in the restaurant, I know it's possible. 
Ambiance: poor. Minimalism is one thing. Awful interior design is another. I know you have a small space, but you can do better. 
I'll be back next year Baru. I'll give you another shot.Every time I come to Baru, it's a love/ hate relationship. I love the ceviche and Mazorca and arepas but I hate the service. Slower than molasses in the winter time every time. I really wish they would bring on more servers.Popped in for a quick bite.  Their sangria is the shit and their ceviche is also pretty awesome. Eat here;  you'll like it.Worst service I have ever had in my life. 
Firstly i will start by saying that our server was female and her name started with a V.  I know not because she intruduced her self or told us anything, not even hello, but because when we asked the bartender for our check he told us her name. Thats how much service she gave us. Unaccepatable, i would get better service at mcdonalds.
They give you silverware at mcdonalds we had to ask and wait 10 min.  They were out of silverware? Maybe i dont know, we got no explaination.
The food was meh.  Our waitress didnt bring it, someone from the kitchen did.  The hot items where served not hot maybe luke warm.  Which may have played into why it tasted dull and greasy.
Mainly the hour we where there we watched our waitress talk with a bus boy, act annoyed or roll her eyes at us when she had to ve pealed away from helping the bus boy polish glasses.  Yeah, we watched her the whole time, even signaled we needed help meet by its not my job glances and got ignored.  Talking to that bus boy must have been really important.
No this place is not 5 stars, not even one
Check came to 50 for two people which was a total rip off.I always try to visit at least once every 6 months. It is my top restaurant in the city. The food is great!! The location is ideal. Good place for groups and for dates.Amazing food. I would definitely return soon!Went here with my partner, we shared 4 or 5 tapas and were not disappointed! All were carefully prepared, extremely delicious, and pleasantly filling.  The wine list is lovely - all Spanish and South American wines. I feel that everything was priced fairly, especially considering how good it was.  We had excellent service and will return soon.My husband and I had a wonderful 20th anniversary dinner here October 15.  We loved that we could walk from our B & B, the food was so flavorful and we shared 4 tapas dishes which was plenty for us to still have room for the delicious chocolate cake.  The Mojito was the best ever!Ate here recently. Wait staff was very poor. Food good. Cleanliness questionable. Pick one of the other many options in the great eating Mecca!Omg this place had the a great atmosphere and the jerk chicken was AMAZING... best chicken I have ever had... and the rest of my family all enjoyed their meals as well...Disappointed.  
Food was very good but for the price the service was very bad bordering on rude.  Four of us went.  The waiter was rude to the girls, hard to track down, and generally uninterested in his job.
If it were not $12 cocktails and $25 plates this would be fine, but part of the up charge is for service I would like to think.
Baru used to be pretty great place to go, now I am scared it has relegated itself to an overpriced happy hour spot for Friday afternoons before going to eat somewhere worth the money.Best for a small group due to the size of the restaurant. More fun to go with people that like to share food. Everything is delicious. Fun atmosphere. Before you're table is ready go check out upstairs, fantastic view of magazine street. Small plates are the perfect amount for sharing. Great location, delicious food and a lively wait staff.Lovely Columbian food in an intimate setting. This restaurant has remained steady and popular for years now. Prices are reasonable and the food is fresh and tasty. Reservations are recommended. The sangria was the happy hour cocktail and it's  decent, but just a little too sweet for my taste. But, the happy hour cocktail is always $5 which is a bargain! Ceviche and fried oysters were tasty and are posted in my pics. I forgot to take pics of the tapas $5 happy hour appetizer, but that was yummy too. For $5, chicken and avocado mash on a fresh tostone, 2 pieces, what a bargain!Latin tapas restaurant located in the beautiful and eclectic Garden District. This cute little spot is spacious enough inside to accommodate a small crowd as well as outdoor seating for those who prefer to catch a few rays. 
Being a tapas restaurant the portions are small however; the dishes pack a mean flavor punch! Tapas is just never enough food for me so I go with the intentions of snacking not complete satiety.
I started with the succulent Crab Cake accompanied by a delicious Beet Salad...I wanted a second order it was so divine. I decided to try the Salmon Ceviche served with addictive crisply tortilla chips. I enjoyed the magnificent food and friendly service. 
~ChristyTHE BEST LATIN AMERICAN RESTAURANT IN TOWN! And I am Hispanic, so I know the real deal. One of our favorite restaurants in town. Great service, terrific food, yummy drinks, and really cool ambience. I recommend the ceviche, the guacabello, and the chuzos. I usually order all 3 as a dinner meal. But you cannot go wrong with all the items in the menu. I have tried about half of the menu and was never disappointed. BUENISIMO!Great time with my two teens and wife. The food was absolutely delicious, 4.5! Staff was wonderful and the upstairs outdoor balcony deck was great for the sunset.The small plates were very good. Small place and great food. Skirt steak and crab cakes were both awesome. Tasty.We ate here about a year ago. This place has the food, the ambience, the service. It has it all. I loved the steak and especially eating out on the balcony. My hubby ordered the fish. It had great flavor and a crispiness to it, it was not mooshy by any means. I loved the salsa verde on top of my steak as well. The staff could not have been any more accomodating and friendly. I will be back.Some of the best food I've ever eaten, plus great drinks and atmosphere.I have been here twice - both times for dinner on a Friday. The tapas are tasty, the drinks are refreshing, and the ambiance is relaxing. You feel like you're on a caribbean island; it is no doubt a nice change of pace. The first time I was there, we spent around $60-$75 for 4-5 tapas and 2 spritzer drinks. The second time was a bit more expensive because I savored a cocktail and we also had dessert. Since the tapas are larger, it is definitely a "bang for your buck."
If I ever have the chance again, I will return.
Overall: 4.1 / A-Best crab cakes in town. Great little spot on magazine st. Good service and great food!Decided to take the girlfriend out for a nice lunch. Did not have a nice lunch. The service was extremely slow. We didn't expect to be there that long for lunch. The only thing I enjoyed was the ice tea and fried oysters. The ceviche was so so. I ate 1/10 of my entree and she ate about the same with her's. I ate a little bit of her sandwich though. I ordered the Jamaican chicken burrito. Too much going on for a burrito. Our drinks never got filled. The waiter was MIA most of the time.BLUF:  Absolutely amazing tapas.  So amazing that lots of people are there...but worth it and I can't wait to go back.
In all fairness we went a 830pm on a Friday, but this place was jammed.  We got a seat at the bar upstairs which was good enough for us.  I would suggest going earlier and trying to get a table outside.  The place is super awesome with great atmosphere but the bar is the worst place to experience that.  Sit outside and upstairs for the perfect night. 
The cocktails were great.  My wife got a capiriniaha (the brazilian drink that I can't spell but should since that is where we went on our honeymoon) and it was great.  I got a grapefruit/mezcal drink and it was fantastic.
We ordered only tapas even though the main courses looked amazing.  Honestly everything on the menu looked amazing.  
Started with the chorizo.  I didnt like it cuz I thought it was dry but my wife loved it and she rattled off all the reasons it was good/legit chorizo made with quality spices and meat. Fine, she wins.  They came with yucca fries that I loved because I love yucca
Unfortunately, I wont be able to name the others as easily.  The next thing we got were steak kabobs with homony patties.  These were pretty good.  
Next we got a fried mashed yucca ball topped with pulled pork which was incredible.  I really loved the yucca ball thing.  
Next we got the lamb sliders with some spanish cheese on a standard dinner roll  type bread.  This is might have been the best thing that we got.  Came with 2 and I almost stole my wife's.
Finally we got the avacado/mushroom on spinach tortilla chip.  I got it appease my wife's veggie preference but I might have liked it more than she did.  Unreal.  Such an amazing combination.  
Service was very nice and helpful but sitting at a bar made it suffer to some degree.  I bet if we had sat at table we would have been able to enjoy the night a little more which is probably the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.  
I would love to go back and try new things or get the exact same things.  Amazing place.  Busy.My husband and I had dinner at Baru last night and don't think we'll go back again.
We were seated by a friendly hostess upstairs near a front window, which was nice because it gave us a great view of foot traffic on Magazine and the architecture of beautiful old New Orleans.
The bartender was our waiter for the evening, and he was personable and attentive.  Upon my request, he gave us a few recommendations and we placed our order. We ordered 6 small plates.  As far as cocktails go, I had red sangria, which was pretty tasty, and my husband had a vodka tonic.
And now for where and when things went wrong.
The place is a tapas spot, and it was our anniversary, so we were anticipating a leisurely dinner. We rarely get a chance to have a real date night, so we were looking forward to taking our time and enjoying our meal.
The waiter brought our first three dishes - ceviche, skirt steak skewers and a shrimp dish. We were sitting at a pretty small table, so we had plates everywhere. I really thought my drink was going to fall off the table at any moment.  It was hard to reach across the table to get to everything without knocking something over.
The ceviche was fresh and had a very bright, citrus flavor.  There were what looked like cubed sweet potatoes on the side that were very bland. Kind of a throwaway.  The skirt steak skewers were delicious. They were topped with a chimichurri sauce that was full of great flavors, but unfortunately, they were cold.  The shrimp dish was very tasty as well - sort of had a BBQ shrimp flavor - and were served with crostini topped with a delicious aioli, but again, cold.
About 5 minutes later someone from the kitchen brought out our next two dishes, lamb sliders and fried oysters. There was NO ROOM on our table.  We had just begun to eat our first 3 dishes. The guy asked what he should do with our food.  WHAT?! My husband and I just looked at each other.  My husband told him to just put it on the bar.  When we finished the first three dishes, which we wolfed down because we knew the other 2 were getting cold, we asked for the others.  Yep, you guessed it - COLD AS ICE.  We were not amused.  It's a shame they were cold, because the flavor of each was pretty good.
Lastly, they brought our crab cakes.  Neither of us liked them.  Not even a little bit.  
The bartender came over and asked if we wanted to order dessert. We declined, took care of the check and headed out.  We noticed that most of the tables that were seated after us had already eaten and left.  It seemed that turning over tables was more important than providing a relaxing, tapas experience. 
It's a shame we were so hurried and the food was all cold, because the chef did a pretty good job with the food. Most of the dishes we had were very tasty.
I had such high hopes for this place.  I'm sad that we were rushed through dinner on our anniversary.One of my favorite NOLA places. Have to try everything but the whole fried fish is my go to plate. ceviche n all small plates r a must trySummary:
EMPANADAS EMPANADAS EMPANADAS. If I didn't have empanadas it would've been 3 stars. If only had the empanadas, it would've been 5 stars. I don't even like empanadas. Come here and get the empanadas.
Ramble:
At first was a little underwhelmed by the good. The dinner menu prices seemed a bit high, about 20% more than my perceived value with for the tiradito (yellow fin tuna appetizer), skirt steak skewers tapas and pulled pork dinner plate. The tuna was scarce and pretty much swimming in a citrus sauce (meh on presentation). The flavors were good, just not quite 14 dollars worth (I eat a lot of raw fish, so I know what 14 dollars of yellowfin should be like).  The skirt steak tapas was well grilled but honestly was overly salted. The pulled pork dish did not seem special and tasted a little bland. Regular pork over regular rice over regular black beans. The plantains in the dish were decent but hidden.
The empanadas were the highlight of my experience. First, the price wasn't inflated like the meat dishes. Second, the taste. From the toppings, to the crust, to the filling... everything was perfect and well balanced. I was surprised since I am usually biased toward meat dishes and would go back every meal for those empanadas.Came here for lunch yesterday and sat outside to enjoy the interesting weather. I was surprised at how limited the menu was for tapas. I just assume that tapas places have a lot of different options, but as far as tapas go they didn't have a whole lot. 
I ordered the purple potato crab/potato salad with a quail egg on top. The person I was with got the Ceviche. The potato crab salad came out well before the ceviche and also didn't have any quail egg. I asked the waiter and he said, "oh I think we maybe ran out. I will go check." He never told me if they ran out or just forgot, but I would have liked to know that before I ordered it. That was what was going to make it interesting and savory. Instead I just had potato salad with crab mixed in. The Ceviche finally came out and I was surprised at how liquidy it was. I have had ceviche all over the world and never seen it look almost like a soup. That may have what made it taste way too lime/citrusy. 
We also ordered the steak/egg grilled sandwich. Luckily this time it had the egg and everything it mentioned on it. The sandwich was really good but the papas were a little over done. Of all the tapas places that I have been to so far, this one would have to be at the bottom of my list.BYOB!
I went with a group of eight, the servers were a little flustered despite our advance reservation and we got moved around a couple times.  Once we got settled, though, everything went smoothly.  There were lots of us and lots of little menu items (tapas, that is!), so someone in the group took the liberty of ordering "two of everything" from the first list.
Of the seven or eight items that came out, all but three were vegetarian and one of those was a salad so you could still get some greens without touching the shrimp.  It was all good!  The eggplant, avocado and portobello was one veggie dish that was AMAZING.  There was something for everyone, and dishes were getting passed around until everything disappeared.
The inside was a little crowded, I felt, but we also had a big group.  I'd probably try for a spot on the sidewalk next time.  But as for food, you really can't go wrong here.Stopped in for a little tapas time during girls night out. It was a busy Friday night, but we managed to get the last table. We shares the Patacones and wines by the glass. I remember thinking their wine list by the glass to be a bit steep considering the atmosphere; tables 12 inches away from each other does not make me excited to spend $12 per glass on wine I can buy at the store for $15 per bottle. But, the Patacones more than made up for it. The tostones were perfectly fried and some of the best I've had, including some well-known Cuban spots in Miami. Topped with well-seasoned chicken and avocado. Nice presentation also.  Service was attentive and friendly without interrupting our conversation. Would definitely go back to try more of the food. Perhaps one of the outdoor tables would be more my speed. Check it out!!I've had dinner here & loved it. A group of 5 of us tried it for lunch & it was horrible... greasy mess and they then topped everything with Mayo. Ick! Please, alter your menu, make the flavors stand out, cut out the grease & mayo and it would be 100x better!One of my favorite restaurants in Puerto Rico is also called Baru, so when we were wandering down Magazine one day on a recent trip to New Orleans, when we saw this Baru, I knew we had to go inside.
The ambience was nice - we were promptly greeted by an employee that seemed to have been a bartender and a server. This place had that great combination of bright colors and dark flooring that really just instantly relaxes me and makes me feel comfortable.
We were taken to a small table, and I was quite impressed by the menu choices. My partner ordered a jerk chicken burrito, and I ordered three tacos - a fish taco complete with delicious breaded fish, a mixto which was chorizo, chicken, and some veggies, and my favorite, the langostino, which was basically a light shrimp remoulade and some avocado.
To be upfront, fish tacos would be my last meal were I ever on death row, so what I'm about to say is shocking, shocking I tell you.
The langostino taco was by far the best taco that I have ever had. I have sampled many, many tacos from many, many Latin countries. I have had tongue tacos, tacos made of termites (in Belize) and a wide variety of mystery meats. (Don't judge!)
The langostino taco, though, was outstanding. The shrimp was prepared just delightfully, and the creamy-ish sauce? dressing? we'll stick with sauce - was unique, and not so overbearing that the shrimp ceased being the star of the show.
I washed the tacos down with some mango drink - honestly, I know that I loved it, but I was in taco heaven and the drink was just a pleasant side note.
Service gets five full stars - because we sat next to the bar/prep area, and we were one of two tables, the waiter/bartender was making conversation with us while he was preparing our drinks and bringing our food out. It was all very casual, and quite comfortable.
Baru was a really solid lunch experience, and a nice change from the "wait in line for half an hour" kind of experience you'll have a little further east on Magazine.I came here with a friend who said this place was known for the sangria. I don't find any sangria to be all that special and this was no different. We asked to be seated outside and our table was off to the side sandwiched between a couple of stacks of chairs. The waiter was very nice and while we had no plans to order any food, he walked us through the entire menu and was very excited about how great the food was so we decided to try it out. We ordered the fried oysters, which were excellent! We also had the arepas and lamb sliders, which were okay but a little underwhelming. Overall, 2 drinks and 3 appetizers came to $46, which is high and that was with the $5 sangria happy hour special. I wouldn't return.Baru was my one and only food stop during my 12 mile walking journey from Uptown to the French Quarter.  
I really needed to use the restroom but felt bad about just going in to use the potty, so I got a table outside and ordered an iced tea and ceviche.  YUM! I'm glad my bladder made me stop because the ceviche was delicious.  It had large chunks Gulf fish, aji amarillo, cilantro, pickled onions, camote,  choclo and a side of tortilla chips. Holy camoly GET THIS! 
FYI - Clean restroom too!Food was excellent! Mojitos not what we like but sangria was really good. We are glad we decided to eat here on our last night in NOLA.We had a reception for a friend's wedding here last Friday and Johnathan (plus all of the staff) were fantastic.
I came up from Boston and was in a bit of a conundrum:  It was 4,000 degrees and I had 3 gallons of snoballs from Hansen's to stash during dinner.
In spite of the busy night, Johnathan personally ensured the tubs of glory remained ice cold delicious and the servers even brought out all the utensils a gal could ask for.  I know it seems like so little but the staff at Baru helped make the night so memorable.
Thanks to Baru and, word to the wise, order the tuna tar tar - you will see Jesus in your wineglass it is that delicious.We were impressed with the cocktails menu and the selection. 
Food was good. Great location.What DIDN'T I like at Baru?  This was my favorite restaurant of the ones I went to during my visit to New Orleans.  The place is really small, cozy, romantic and best of all, it's BYOB!  The server was super friendly, too.
We ordered two ceviches, fried oysters, mazorca and the empanadas.   The ceviche was very fresh and it had a subtle taste of something different that I couldn't quite put my finger on. The fried oysters had caramelized onions on it that made it delish.  Mazorca- how could you not love corn cheesy goodness? 
All in all, I would definitely go back to Baru during my next visit to NOLA!I wouldn't recommend. I had a waitress that didn't how to explain or describe anything on the menu. I got a well done meat instead of medium well. Food was expensive relative to the portions. There is only one bathroom for men and women and it's absolutely disgusting. I ate carribean food in other places, but Baru is probably the worst experience by far. Apparently, they won some awards for their food. I thought that the food was a bit overrated.One of the best meals I had while recently in New Orleans. 
Ordered the Ceviche, Mazorca, Quinoa Salad and 1 fish taco- everything was delicious and the presentation was gorgeous. My friends and I sat on the patio, drinking mojitos and people watching. A very enjoyable experience. Highly recommended and will definitely be back on my next trip!stopped by this restaurant at a funky time - just before a little midday siesta when the kitchen, i suppose, closes for a bit. not disappointed at all .. drinks were as delicious as they were beautiful and our server was very sweet (i had a caipirinha and my partner had a run and cola variation. divine).
got very emotional over the mazorca... probably my favorite meal consumed over my entire week in new orleans (visiting from outta town). i didn't know you were supposed to share tapas, so that was really unfortunate for my partner because i slammed the whole thing (it's not huuuuge, okay?) and even picked up the little potato strings and corn bits that were sprinkled on the table (messy eater). i tried recreating this when i got home and it didn't work (can't cook) ... but please understand that it's the most satisfying amount of potato strings with the faintest touch of pink sauce and perfect crunch of toasted corn snuggled together in a tiny bowl with the saolaolo cheese (bad at spanish).
drinks: bomb. mazorca: the only dish to be served at my future wedding. but not tapas style, just like ... a tub of it. 
thanks, guys :)My wife, kids and I attempted to dine here on a Sunday morning.  They had a sign outside advertising a Sunday Brunch, so we assumed they would be prepared to receive customers.  When walking in the waiter offered us an inside or outside table which was fine, even though it was already 99 degress outside.  We sat down and waited, but were not waited upon.  After about five minutes with two waiters staring out the window directly at us, I decided to grab my own menus.  We were brought water but no one asked if we would like anything else.  After another ten minutes (and against my better judgement) I decided to call over the waiter who was five feet away doing nothing and ASK to have my order taken.  We order three dishes on their very short menu quickly and without issue.  We then wait for another THIRTY minutes without a drink order being taken and being told twice the order was coming out shortly.  It may have come but I did not have the time or patience to wait around for it.  The food here may be good, but I will never know due to the worst service I have witnessed in a long, long time!This place never disappoints for a date night. The drinks are delicious, all the tapas are so good and you get such a variety. This is one of the few places in town where you can find a collection of cachaça, the brazilian alcohol is definitely one of my favorite. The pan de bono is to die for and there are different meats in each tapa. I only get tapas when I go since I like the idea of trying a bit of everything. Service is awesome and once again all the drinks are so tasty. It is definitely more on the expensive side but it may just be perfect for your night. This last time we got to sit in the balcony and we loved the view.Wonderful small whole on a corner. Food was terrific. Cheviche is to die for. The oyster was delicious. Love that sauce they put on it. The fish was wonderful tender n fried to perfection. I'm not feeling the rice that accompany with it. It's me. Bcz I'm not fan of coconut. Sever was sweet and honest. I tend to eat with my eyes. So she talked us out over doing.This place is BYOB, which is great if you have a big party and everyone contributes. Who wouldn't love the idea of bottles waiting to be popped at the table?
It is very romantic and the chef is excellent!Great unique selection of tacos. Impressive South American beer selection. Great ceviche. This is a simple, but extremely effective Latin restaurant. I'd compare it to the Rum House, but, in my opinion, slightly better.As someone with gluten and dairy allergies, it is very rare that I can go to a restaurant and have multiple options for what I can order. Not only was our waitress super knowledgeable about what was gluten & dairy free (with and without modifications), almost everything on the menu was an option for me. We ended up ordering the ceviche, steak skewers, arepas, and the jerk chicken with brussels sprouts. It was all incredible - we will definitely be back to try out more!Absolutely delicious!
We were walking down the street in search of something good for dinner and we smelled Baru a block away. We quickly got seated in its cozy interior and looked over the menu. Everything sounded wonderful!
I got the mazorca and the skirt steak and it was absolutely phenomenal. I also had a fresh strawberry spritzer that was heavenly. Everyone in my party was more than delighted with their meals.
I will definitely be back the next time I'm in New Orleans.I really enjoyed the rabbit dish and tuna tar tar but my boy friend was not a fan of the tar tar said it had to much coconut which it did but i still thought it was decentIf you can score a table on the upper deck with great  weather this is just a fun spot. Must haves are the corn tapas and pork sliders.  Skip the shrimp and the steak skewers were tough   Julie was great and made solid recommendations. We tried all the cooked tapasFood is 5 star.  The tapas are uniformly strong.  I am a particular fan of their ceviche, duck empenadas, and the random corn chip and roasted corn dish.  I generally try to sit outside and find the atmosphere to be excellent.  While I love byob - I think the $8 corkage is a little steep given the lack of liquor license.  Also, the place is pricey - the cost of tapas adds up fast.We liked but did not love this restaurant for one reason. We were placed - - party of two - in a room by ourselves. It did not feel warm and welcoming and we were left waiting alone for an uncomfortable period of time. It sure looked like everyone else was having a good time, but we felt pretty isolated except for the servers constantly dashing through our room to get from the front to the upstairs. It just had a bad feel, so even though the food was very good, we would not go back.My wife is from Cartagena, Colombia and I'm from Los Angeles. We lived in Louisiana for about a year and Baru is definitely the thing that we miss the most! It's one of the best restaurants that I've been too, everything is delicious, the flavors and combinations of flavors are very sophisticated. My wife loves the fried fish plate, I love the jerk chicken (best chicken plate I've every had, never tasted a chicken breast with so much flavor), the arepas (unbelievable with the carnitas on top) the chuzo with the chimichurri. This place is amazing! Love the food! If we were in New Orleans even for a few hours we would definitely hit this place up!One of the best lunches i have had in New Orleans. The freshest seafood carribean style. If you love fresh food with flavor at a great price, this is a must.I heart Baru, I've been here a few times before and I have enjoyed everything that I have ordered. The meat pies with the cilantro sauce, the roasted red peppers, their entrees are also very filling and delicious.
Being a non-drinker, I really enjoy their spritzers they're absolutely delicious!!One of my absolutely favoritest places to bring out of towners, especially if we can score an outdoor table.  My little secret for you on a busy night: I like to call first and put my name on the waitlist before showing up - it really speeds up the wait time and the staff has always been so accommodating with that strategy. 
They have a full bar now but I still like to bring a bottle of my own wine bc their corking fee is very reasonable (although for the life of me I can't remember what it is). 
The whole fried fish with coconut rice is just bommbbb. It's a great meal to share for 2 or if you're a manly man, you can definitely take on the whole beast on your own.  Everything I've had on the menu has been satisfying, both in presentation and in flavor. 
A very cute and cozy and romantic date spot. Highly recommend!Very disappointing and pricey.  I went to Baru with high hopes and I was pretty disappointed.  My partner and I ordered 3 tapas: the mazorca, the ceviche, and the calamari, all on our server's recommendation. The mazorca (a kind of corn salad) was tasty but totally seemed like something I would throw together while drunk (corn, feta cheese, mayo, and crushed potato chips). The ceviche was very bland and  the calamari was heavy, very chewy and as salty as a snack food.  The tapas are 8-10 bucks a plate and I thought the portions were tiny.  
As an entree we split the fried fish of the day which was the highlight. 
For a place that is BYOB, our meal was still $90 bucks.  Also we sat outside, which means about 3 feet from Magazine Street, so it was noisy.
Overall, I thought the food was overpriced and needed some more attention.  For $90 (without wine) there are a lot of places in New Orleans where you could have an amazing meal, not a mediocre one.Yummy! Great Food and Andres our server was sooooo patient!We starved ourselves all day and ordered heavy :) Each dish was better than the last. But the octopus change my life and the other women agreed. Baru is a new all-time favorite.Literally the best food we have had in a long time. Jerk chicken burrito and the lamburgesa was the BESTBaru has a relaxed atmosphere serving caribean-inspired tapas that have more pizzaz than the typical spanish tapas.  The use of citrus, herbs make the civics and tapas dance  that salsa, marimba, or calypso on your tongue.  You have to go to a bar in a restaurant across the street for alcohol, but Baru has some refreshing non-alchoholic drinks that compliment their menu.  It is cool and comfortable inside.   The outside seating is a thrill as cars and buses pass within inches of your table, enabling you to view the incredible life you have had over and over again.  This is a great place to go for a light lunch or dinner, a chance to cleanse your palate in a city where heavy food predominates.If you are looking for a fun date night this is a good choice; especially with more than one couple.  There are options for Tapas or Entrees (which makes both the women and men happy).  I had the Arepas which is a pulled pork cornmeal small sandwiches; not enough food for a meal, but very tasty.  I also had the Atun Salad which was extremely fresh and good recommendation by the waitress.
Get the Mazorca!!!!  The description on the menu does not do this justice.  My poor friend ordered this dish and was forced to share with the whole table because it smelled and tasted delicious.
My favorite attribute is BYOB.  They do provide chilling buckets for the hot nights when red wine is just not an option.