We were gonna eat next door at Neyow's next door per recommendations from a local but the wait was so long and it was pouring and we were hungry and ate here. Food wasn't bad, but we probably don't know the difference since we're not from around here. I'm sure a local could name several places similar to this that are better. The service was terrible. We had a table near the kitchen and I kept looking back into the kitchen and would see employees just bantering and not doing shit. It took way too long to get our food. I also had to ask for paper towels THREE TIMES before someone brought them. Horrific service.You're better off waiting on the restaurant next door [even if the wait is 3-4 hours]. Our appetizer had a dead fly in it and we were told by a manager we would get 10% off... thanks to our waiter [Alvin, who was the only decent part of our visit] it was eventually removed. We then received our meal and the jambalaya [which tasted straight out of a box] had hair present. The person receiving the jambalaya is bald so it had to have come from the kitchen. This wasn't surprising as most of the staff spent 80% of their time outside smoking and laughing[with their aprons on]. The catfish plate didn't come with catfish, there was some other cheaper fish present...the seafood fettuccine only had shrimp and Alfredo sauce out of the jar in it; I had to ask and wait for crawfish. We didn't ever receive part of our meal but it came on the check. When we complained and asked to speak to the manager, he was short and unaccomodating. He never once apologized for the uncleanliness and disorganization. This was the worst experience I've ever had in New Orleans and every aspect but our waiter.We came down for the Essence Festival friends and I had a plan to eat everything we could. We were waiting to go eat at Neyows. So I decided to go inside here for a appetizer cause I was hungry. When greeted at the door by a nice man it made me sit down.  My friends came over and we had the gumbo and as the waiter called it "Slap your grandma seafood bisque " . We really enjoyed our server and the food.The wait here was shorter than its competitor so we decided to try it. Our server Will was very friendly and attentive. The food actually came out from the kitchen faster than the 50 mins the initially said. I had the jamabalaya which was very good, tasted the truffle mash also good and the fried oyster was perfect not too dry. The drinks need a little work though.Pretty awkward experience here. Sat down an hour+ before they closed and the waiter requested cash tips as soon as we sat down because he had "already closed out." Pretty unprofessional/sketch to me. Gumbo was watery, red beans forgettable. Will not be back.Fantastic dinner and great setting. Oysters were the best I've ever had. Nice to sit by the window and watch people outside. Excellent service from Terrance and the other staff.Really wanted to like this based on the glowing reviews. But it took WAY too long and the food just wasn't up to New Orleans' standards.Shrimp and grits - Literally 3 little shrimp, no andouille. Compared with the picture of shrimp and grits from another review only 6 days before I'm not sure what happened here. Pork chop tough and flavorless. (Those glowing reviews were from Illinois, New York and California, nice places, but..... not New Orleans.) Sorry folks, can't recommend.1st time going here and service was fine, but I got a platter of boiled crawfish (~4 lbs.) and not only was it way overpriced for not including anything like corn, sausage, mushrooms, etc., but it was bland. I'm not one for hyperbole but I can say this was the worst crawfish I've ever had in New Orleans. Tasted like it was boiled in just plain water. I didn't have a scale handy but I've eaten enough crawfish to know what four pounds looks like and this didn't look like it to me. They were mostly no bigger than my index finger and carefully arranged so that no plate was showing but with that amount there should be a mound and there was no mound. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on size because I came pretty late in the day, but there's just no excuse for skimping on volume or a bland crawfish. It's a shame because I had scoped out the menu before and had wanted to try a lot of it but I'm reluctant now if they can't do a crawfish proper.Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon because I was craving oysters.
This visit was a train wreck from start to finish.
They bring the oysters out and instead of sitting on crushed ice, the oysters themselves have regular drink ice poured on top of them.  I can't make this up.  
Then the waitress proceeds to tell us that they're out of:
Bottled Water
Lemons
Horseradish 
The oysters just weren't that good. It fact, I had to spit one out because it tasted bad.
We were two seconds done from eating and were still finishing our beers and two workers came out and started picking everything up off of our table. Not just plates, but everything...napkins, ketchup, paper towels, etc. like they were closing.  
All of the good reviews are from tourists.  Locals do not eat here.
It was just a very odd experience.  I'll never return.This place was AMAZING! We initially were going to the restaurant next door which was super packed and closing in 30 min so we came to bayou bistro instead. So glad we did! Everyone's food was amazing, our party of 9 basically had some of everything. We arrived shortly before their closing hours and were happy to stay open to feed us! Brooke and everyone else here was super friendly! I highly recommend eating here!Now I know why there is a line next door at Neyow's. The portions of shrimp in the "shrimp and grits" is inconsistent. The barbeque sauce in the "barbequed shrimp" was a waterry mess. The crab bisque and the gumbo were tasty. The atmosphere was just ok. Wish I had gone a second time to Neyow's instead.the crawfish sidney was tasty and the jambalaya's flavor was perfectly balanced, but there were a couple things that made our experience less than stellar. first, the service was ssslllooowww. we waited 15 minutes to get water and a drink order in, then another 40 for our food. the waiter tried to tell my husband that elysian was a local beer (it is not), and then served him one even after he requested something else. our food had obviously been sitting around bc the top layer of my sidney had begun to firm and my husband was displeased with the fact that he literally got one piece of chicken and one piece of sausage in his jambalaya. furthermore, the shrimp in the jambalaya had not been deveined. we won't ever go back.Food is good but nothing amazing - Wil our server was the best. It was the most unsettling meal ever though .... The place/staff/management was so confused/incompetent - it wasn't even busy and every table I looked at was unhappy- wait times crazy....it seemed there is no management and they are depending on the overflow from Neyows next door which yes will carry you a small amount but no one who was in there last night will ever return and word of mouth can kill a restaurant in this city! I hope Wil finds a gig in a restaurant worthy of his care and service .... I just don't see it happening here .... such a bizarre experience..... Nothing professional about it ... other than our waiter WilIt's always great when you live near a restaurant that serves good food. Unfortunately, I have mixed feelings about Bayou Bistro. I've had food from here three times during each time it was different. My first visit I had a chicken w/ macaroni. The chicken was very, very tasty because it was fried to perfection with flaky, crispy skin. I liked the macaroni as well. The second time I ordered, there was zucchini on the plate with the macaroni. The chicken was nothing like the first time. The third time I had beans and chicken. The beans had a (certain) I didn't love. Again, the chicken fell short and was nothing like the first time. This shows me the inconsistency of different cooks and how they cook. It shouldn't matter if you have 10 different cooks, my mom should not be different every time I order from you.We had a group of 9 and had just got off the road after driving in from Dallas. Found the Bayou Bistro on Yelp and decided to try it, seeing as it was in walking distance to where we stayed. This place is a gem! The food was so good and I thought the prices were really fair with good portions. There were so many of us we tried multiple menu items and nobody was disappointed. I got the fried chicken and it was delicious. Great service, too. While there the owners son, who is a professional boxer and had a fight the next night, came in and we got a picture with him! Great people at this place!Great customer service and it felt like home! If you can, try the bread pudding! So yum!!!!Wow what a discovery. Great service and delicious food. The bread pudding was the basis for which all others will be judged. OMG the mac-n-cheese is off the charts.I can't say enough great this restaurant from start to finish it was amazing!!!
We initially had come to go to the place next door but it was going to be a ridiculous long line so we headed over to here instead and were so happy we did.
The seafood dip was out of this world good!!
I got the bbq shrimp and the bbq sauce was made in house and I was drinking it like soup at the end!
On top of the food being great the service was impeccable! Our server was knowledgeable about the food, helped one of our friends with a food allergy and was cracking jokes the whole time. 
We were tourists but for an hour we felt like locals and it was and amazing experience.
Hands down the best place we ate in New OrleansOh, the challenges of finding lunch on Lundi Gras! Too long a wait at Lil' Dizzy's, Willie Mae's, and Neyow's; Bayou is right next door to Neyow's and they had plenty of room. That always makes me wonder, you know, but we weren't disappointed.
For some reason, I've been craving fried chicken this trip. It was miserably chilly and gloomy today, and Bayou offered red beans and rice with a side of fried chicken-they read my mind!- for a ridiculous $11. The RB&R are solid, but oh, that chicken! The crust is pretty thick and crunchy, and not at all greasy.  The breast meat is tender and juicy, and also not aggressively seasoned, which I like-I want to taste the chicken, not 11 herbs and spices!  
What cost them a star, unfortunately, was our server. I know, it's the day before Mardi Gras and every service industry person in the city is ready to run screaming for the nearest beach. But while all the other staff were smiling and friendly, this girl just wasn't feelin' it. She had to go to the bar twice to ask about what was available, and didn't seem happy about having to do it. She wasn't unpleasant, but just not up to the standard of warmth you expect in New Orleans. The food, however, definitely is.I must say this restaurant truly deserves this review. I traveled to New Orleans for a conference and didn't have much time to take advantage of the local food. We went to this restaurant and were truly given the NOLA experience. The waiter was not only friendly but extremely welcoming and truly wanted to give us the experience we were looking for. He gave us complementary local dishes such as crawfish and bread pudding - which were to die for. All of our dishes were extraordinary and we left quite satisfied. Overall, highly recommend! And my favorite dish was the jambalaya, in case you were wondering, it was the bessttttttBest seafood fettuccine I've had since I lived in Hawaii!!!  Don't miss it and the extraordinarily friendly staff!!!*DO NOT GO HERE! I REPEAT DO NOT GO HERE!*
If you want your time wasted and salty food or even no food at all then by all means go! We had such a bad experience here that I wish I had waited an hour at the other restaurant, I know I would have ate better. Staff has no idea what they are doing! Drink orders can take about 30 mins to get to the table and that's after you ask for it to a point where you feel like you are nagging the waitress! Food orders came one at a time after a hour wait. Food came out either wrong, nasty or salty. The only good thing about the food was the burger everything else was just a big No! It's worse because we are from out of town so we had a horrible experience on the last day of our trip!If you are on the way, please turn around. If I could give this place 0 stars I would. We decided to go here because the wait for Neyow's was too long. WAIT FOR NEYOW's. To start, our waiter did not take our drink orders. All of the food was cold and he proceeded to blame the "old lady in the back". He tried to use charm to downplay the situation. It took 30 minutes to get ketchup which we had to go find ourselves. We had no silverware. The table was dirty. And if you're looking for authentic Cajun dishes don't get the jambalaya or anything for that matter. When we talked to the manager she gave us excuses as well.Zero stars. Service sucked. Food terrible. Avoid. They ignored us then tried to placate us with complimentary crawfish. Problem was they were wretched. One died before cooking. Blech.Not for tourist. Didn't feel very welcomed. Slow service. Probably a locals place. So anyone traveling, beware.The food and service were great. I think this place has a lot of potential. They need a drink menu and they also need to capitalize off being next door to a restaurant that often has a long wait. When the wait is long over there they should be ready to take those walk ins and give them a great experience. I'd come back and try more menu items. They are a hidden gem and should maximize their ability to build their customer base.Great food and great service! Especially from Jerry! Got the combo platter with oysters and catfish and a jambalaya. Everything was delicious.Excellent meal! Excellent service! Portions were nice. Shrimp were huge. Seasoning perfect. Chef came out and was happy to chat with us. Came in for a 0o'boy but ate a catfish and shrimp platter instead. It was an excellent choice. Was too hungry and forgot to snap a picture.Brooke served us and she was phenomenal! Very attentive and friendly! We're a young couple, also in the hospitality industry and it's nice when people don't prejudge us as a table. The food was also bomb. I had the Bayou catfish with a side of jambalaya. Please come here! The whole staff is sweet.I have to admit I ended up here only because of the long wait at Neyow's, but I'm so glad we came here because Bayou Bistro was one of the best restaurants I found on my trip to New Orleans.
The crab cake appetizer was very good, but the standouts were the crawfish etouffee and jambalaya.  The etouffee was simply the best I've ever had.  The roux tasted very complex and was perfectly spiced.  My local friend (who I might add is a superb cook) said the jambalaya was perfect, and I echoed his sentiments; it was the best jambalaya I've ever tasted and way better than any other jambalaya I had on my visit. 
Crawfish is available during the season and they brought a few to our table.  The crawfish was excellent and I think their patio is the perfect place to kick back with some beers and pick some crawfish.
Service was excellent and parking was fairly easy in Mid-City.  With reasonable prices, this spot is well worth a visit.Family owned, family run, family operated. If you're looking for a "non-touristy" place to eat that's outside of the French Quarter then this is as good as it gets! Their family recipes are generations old and the bread pudding is perfection! This is a true mom and pop family operation. What's there not to love?This place is awesome.  Great staff too.  Get away from the tourist areas and get some real New Orleans food here!They were out of a couple things but everything was amazing! Strong drinks, bomb food, and great service.Horrible service, didn't get a chance to taste the food. The restaurant next door has a 40 minute wait, does not bode well for the Bayou BistroDelicious food! Great Service! Came to New Orleans from Chicago with a group of friends and my boyfriend flew in from Arizona we came here to have a nice quiet dinner together and it was amazing. We ordered crawfish, barbecue shrimp, and the catfish. Everything had a lot of flavor! Our server was Glen and he was awesome, he even wished me a happy mothers day when he found out we had a daughter at home! True Southern Hospitality at this restaurant, definitely coming back next time I'm in town.This is a great restaurant to go to if you are waiting in the long line for Neyow's. It is right next door. When my family of 6 entered, I automatically knew that this was the place to be. The atmosphere was very bright and happy. When we ordered, it took a little while for our drinks and appetizers, but they were worth the wait. The boudin balls were tasty and the seafood dip was delectable. When the manager came out and said they ran out of grits, the chef offered to make grits from scratch. One of the children wanted to have the jambalaya, but it was to much for him, so he shared with two other adults. To make up for it, the chef made fried chicken for him on them. Everything was amazing. If you want somewhere that has good food, good service, and good atmosphere, this is the place to come.CRAWFISH! 
Stumbled on this spot accidentally after the nearby place we had intended to go to didn't have crawfish boil. After our other place fell through, we circled back to this one, remembering they had a sign out front advertising crawfish. We are so glad we did! The crawfish had amazing flavor, and a great kick of spice. We also tried their fried chicken, and mac and cheese. The chicken was perfectly battered, crisp, and juicy. The mac and cheese was excellent, with rich, homemade flavor. Everything was seasoned perfectly. Prices were very reasonable, and the staff was friendly and attentive. Nice indoor seating with a wall of big windows - great for feeling like you're dining outdoors, while still enjoying the AC! There were also a few outdoor tables outside the restaurant, in the front along the sidewalk.
We found out they just opened recently. We are so thankful that our dumb luck led us to this hidden gem. I doubt it will stay hidden for long!The catfish bayou style was excellent! And server Glen was so friendly and made our experience even better with his stories and local recommendationsCustomer service was fantastic.  AMANDA is the sweetest!  There is outdoor seating.  Food was wonderful.  They don't have a full bar but the signature drinks are definitely worth having.  Bayou water...DELICIOUS.  Bayou Splash...OUTSTANDING.  So happy to have found this gem.I have now dined here three times and the food is absolutely perfect and the staff is the friendliest in the entire countryWhen they tell you thank you it is sincere!! The family that own's this establishment is super and truly awesome!Omg this place was great all-around. The staff were very nice and kind. They provided us with several samples without us asking for any of it and I must say 100% of the samples were EVERYTHING! I was with a party of 8. We came here due to the wait at Neyow's being an hour and a half. There was no wait here so we decided to give it a try and are very happy we did. Everything here from the staff to the food and drinks were AMAZING. I've eaten at Neyow's several times and this place is definitively on par if not better! I will definitely visit this restaurant on many more occasions.My daughter and I came to New Orleans on vacation. Several local told us about this amazing place to eat in Mid-city. We ate at so many places, but truly Bayou Bistro was the best. The experience was enjoyable from beginning to end. 
The atmosphere felt very jazzy. Our waitress greeted us as if we were old friends. The bartender made us delicious and refreshing Rum Cherries. We started the meal with a succulent cup of gumbo. That was overflowing with chicken and sausage. The roux was thickened just right.  For our entrees we tried mouthwatering Boudin and crab cakes. Sweet baby Jesus that food was good! I wished we ordered two bowls instead of cups of gumbo, 
We took a poboy to-go and it smelled so good we ate it on the way home. If you are visiting New Orleans put this one place on the "Must" eat at list. We ate gumbo at three other tourist restaurant and NOTHING compared to Bayou Bistro  gumbo.Very disappointed. Order pickup and after 25 minutes I went to get my food and they hadn't even started cooking it. THEN they gave my order to the wrong person. I waited over 90 minutes to get a burger and soup. Very disappointed.Food here was good. Seafood dip was great. Shrimp N' Grits were okay. But I came here to talk about the people! Everyone here made us feel right at home from the second we walked in! Mr. Eric Gilbert took great care of us, Mama was cute as a button, and I had great conversation with some of the other staff. What a great overall experience!Holy cow, I am so glad I stumbled upon this place. The food here is better than anything I've ever eaten in the French Quarter (and I'm not exaggerating). The seafood cheese dip, shrimp and grits, and seafood fettuccini were all incredible! I plan to stop here first and foremost the next time I stay in Midcity. Seriously, bravo to the chef here! He knows how to cook!They were out of EVERYTHING on a Saturday at 7 pm. Ranch dressing, roast beef, seafood drip and oysters. We did get an appetizer for free because did the problems. Service was slow but they were super friendly.This may honestly be the best bowl of shrimp & grits I have ever had in my life. The grits were buttery, creamy, and cooked to perfection. The shrimp was superbly grilled and seasoned and that's sauce is heaven. I really wish I had had room to eat a second bowl. Seriously, go to this place. It is sooo goodService was horrible ,crawfish had no seasoning.  People were getting up and leaving after waiting over a hour for appetizers. Do not recommend at all . Needs new ManagmentWe stopped here for some semi early late night eats after our flight came in. We were not quite ready to tackle downtown/quarter traffic. Just wanted somewhere off beaten path and quiet and this had that, nestled in a neighborhood next to I think two other restaurants. The wait wasn't bad - got table but once at table almost over an hour for food. Which was just okay. I had fish platter. Could used more seasoning and it seems like ppl were okay too with such slow service. Tables around us waited for a while as well and no one batted an eye, so I assumed this was worth the wait. Not really, just okay.My friends and I ended up here after the restaurant next door was unexpectedly closed. One of the servers, Glenn, stepped outside and encouraged us to come inside. He was very nice and made jokes with us.  Three of us ordered Brandy Milk Punches and our server obliged but when he brought the drinks back, they were Bayou Breezes.  If our request wasn't available, we should have been informed so we could order something we did want.  Luckily, I did like the drink.
The food was very good. I ordered the red beans and rice and fried chicken.  Chicken was made to order and very crunchy.My husband, father and I came here for the first time today. We had an enjoyable experience. The service was good. My father got gumbo, a side salad and seafood pasta. He said it was all very good. My husband got the red beans with fried chicken. The red beans were creamy and the chicken was perfectly crispy with a light batter. I got the boudin appetizer and the hot sausage po boy. The boudin was great. The sandwich was good as well. The two not so great things: I also got a side of macaroni and cheese, but there was a poop of butter/oil in the bottom that was unpleasant. And they were out of several things, including all white meat/boneless chicken. My first choice was the grilled chicken sandwich, but that was unavailable. I could hear the waiter behind us telling another couple that they were out of several other things as well. Overall, it was a tasty lunch and we would come back.We found this place by accident but absolutely loved it. The seafood dip was great. The crawfish Sidney was just as good as the best crawfish etouffe we have ever had and also had a nice spicy kick at the end of each bite. The seafood fettuccine was awesome and my 5-year old daughter ate it instead of her burger. The dirty rice was a little salty but it was good and my daughter loved it. The mixed drink called Bayou Water with rum tasted great and I was given the chance to make it stronger than normal. This spot is also very reasonably priced.This was such a great experience! The food was delicious and our server was amazing, highly recommend for authentic New Orlean's cuisine!Okay so my friends and I had every intention of hitting up the spot next door but the 30 minute wait was unappealing so we decided to head here and I'm soo glad we did!! We ordered a ton of stuff on the menu and each dish was tastier than the last.. from the gumbo, the seafood dip (which was pure magic) to the dirty rice and bread pudding.. 
I know there are plenty of horrid reviews but we had an awesome experience!!Reallllyyyy good food!!!  My husband and I had the boiled crawfish, BBQ shrimp, a bowl of gumbo, and bread pudding.  All so delicious!!! So glad we stumbled upon this place.  Hands down superb food!  Amazing experienceStopped by here for lunch and was totally blown away by how amazing this place was! The food was hot, fresh, and absolutely delicious. The best fried chicken I've ever had. I practically licked my plate clean!! Our server Glenn also made the trip well worth it, very friendly guy with a big personality!!Delicious crawfish, delicious crawfish bisque, and delicious gumbo. And our waiter Glen became our new best friend.I just left and let me say.... the service terrible, food terrible, no drink menu so the waiter suggested the most expensive whatever it was.  Just don't do it.  Go to Neyow's next door instead. 
On the other hand if you need a quick lay prostitutes are readily available steps away!Feather is the best waitress I've had the pleasure of being served by in New Orleans , and we eat out a lot. She took real good care of us, kept the cold beers coming, kept it real about how much time it was gonna take, and the crawfish was delicious! We'll be back.Atmosphere:  The radio/music is extremely loud, I guess as a part of the Bar vibe, however its obnoxious when it is playing commercials.  There are flat screens TVs everywhere, almost one per table.  When children and adults see a screen, it immediately grabs there attention and takes away from the intimacy of the meal.  We requested that the TV be turned off right in front of our table so that we could all enjoy a meal together.  The host refused to turn off the TV because it was part of the ambiance of the place!  HAHA  
We sat down to a dirty table, we had to find our own menus and it took 15 minutes for someone to bring water.  (we never got water, because we left after 15min)
Then the host came and informed us most of the food on the menu was not available.
Anyhow, after those three strikes, we left and went elsewhere.  Still laughing that they think people need a personal TV at every dinner table.  I guess we are not supposed to socialize with our friends and family and just zombie out to their blaring TVs and radio.
Definitely won't go here againThis one star is because the food was good. Im writing this review to help you. Your staff need to be retrained. They were hanging around gossiping, while me and my friends sat their starving. The flies were sickening. Again, I'm saying this to help you. Please take this as constructive criticism. The owner of any venue should never be sitting around enjoying back rubs while throwing me and my friends dirty looks. The bathroom needs to be bombed with a lot of cleaner and fragrance spray. Also, the music was too loud, especially given the TV noise being loud also. The workers are very kind but I think they need more structure to their training. I will delete this comment if, and only if, the service improves when I come back.Worst restaurant service in New Orleans.  Don't order water, and don't order beer because it will never come to the table. How this place is in business is mind blowing. I am very easy to please and have never had service like this in the city.  They even over charged us for more than we order, and then proceeded to wait for our correct check for 30 minutes.The Crawfish Bisque is one of the best things I have ever eaten. I would come back for that alone. The BBQ shrimp are big and succulent. You do have to peel them but they are a great deal and worth it!Some of the worst food in all of New Orleans! Do not eat here. Its taken me a month to feel mellow enough to write this. We only went here on New Year's Day because Neyow's next door was closed. We saw a sign outside for oyster Po boys so we decided to take a chance. We were seated right away. Actually pulled in as we were walking by. That was the most enthusiasm we saw. Downhill from there. The main room wasn't full, and neither was the patio, so we didn't expect the almost hour long wait that we suffered through. We were served teas, one glass with a big chip. We stood up to leave after we'd had enough. The manager rushed to say the crab cakes would be right out so we waited. They didn't show up. When we were really fed up, the same manager said the whole order was on its way out. We had ordered the crab cakes, the fried oyster & shrimp combo, the Oyster Carrollton (the oyster po'boy), a hamburger, and a grilled cheese. Nothing complicated. We had two children with us and not even bread or crackers were offered. When the food finally did arrive, it was not worth the stress. The fried oyster and shrimp combo looked old and dry, and tasted just as sad. The seafood was chewy, especially the shrimp, and Im pretty sure the oyster chunks were actually chopped pieces of oyster instead of whole oysters. Makes me wonder if the restaurant maybe saving money by getting 3 pieces out of a single oyster. They were hard and bland anyway, and not worth the price. The po'boy had larger fried oysters but once again, not worth the price. The bread was the best thing this dish had to offer and it was not made by the same chefs in back, frying the seafood. The hamburger came even later, and was okay, but why would the best thing at a New Orleans restaurant be a burger and not the oysters and shrimp! It made no sense. The fries that came with it were fresher than the seafood dishes. Last to be served was the grilled cheese for the toddler, piping hot (unlike the rest of the dishes). Nothing went right. If this establishment is so eager to pull people in off the street, they need to seriously ask themselves what they have to offer patrons that enter their doors. Someone is not putting the focus or energy into creating a good working system that offers quality food and service. Just a fail on so many levels. Even worse, they lied and said their credit card machine wasnt working when we watched them charge credit cards before and after saying that. Seemed like a tinge of prejudice going on here. NEVER GOING BACK!!!!How do I even start. Sooooo... we're in the city for Mardi Gras right, it's understood that there's delays in every restaurant, especially close to parade routes. But that's the thing, if the delay was the issue I probably wouldn't be writing this. 
From the beginning I had a bad vibe, after being seated at two separate tables by the manage of all people, the hostess came to us and said "he should had never seated y'all". Funny thing, I thought she was manager until the end of the story, but I'm getting ahead of myself. So anyway back to the beginning.
She frantically explained that she didn't have a number in the register so we would have to wait so she can assign a server to us, aight I don't even know what that means let's keep going. I asked well can we at least go to the bar and order drinks, her reply, no because then that would tie up a server that I could send to your table, really -_-.
Finally we get a server, the reason for the 1 star, he was friendly funny but you can tell, over worked. Either way, he takes the drink order, mad slow but we eventually got the drinks. Once again expected. I forgot we ordered food too when we ordered the drinks trying to speed up the service. While waiting on our ordered food our server gave us some salad and gumbo to kinda apologize for the wait, don't order the gumbo. We also ordered some crawfish while we waited because it would come out quickly, don't order the crawfish. They were small under seasoned and somehow dry. 
Over an hour later and after seeing plate after plate arrive at tables of customers that were seated after us arrive at there destination, the food started arriving. The hot sausage po-boy.. not bad, the bread could use some work. Anyway I bet your like that sounds like they should at least get 3 stars, just wait. 
So let's talk about the shrimp and grits. How do you even get uncooked rice in grits. Y'all gotta help me on this one. Back to the kitchen it goes, and gonna offer jambalaya. That's not the same bruh.
So one of the people in our group ordered the fried chicken, big mistake. Stomach growling, because he has a shellfish allergy, he puts his fork in the chicken... pause for a moment.... BLOOD, yes, BLOOD came oozing out of the chicken. You mean in over an hour you couldn't fully fry chicken. You're a whole restaurant, this isn't something to play with. So we ask for the manager, and the guy that seated us was the manager, I know I spoiled that reveal earlier but we were shocked. 
He's like, we'll take the dish of the check because you didn't eat it.... lol. This guy is starving and we had to deal with a rude hostess, a long wait, dry crawfish and bad gumbo. That's all you gotta say. 
Anyway, I was still willing to give this place 2 stars cause the hot sausage po-boy, once again, not bad. But then the waiter that I thought was doing his best had the nerve to be like, y'all owe me $45 in gratuity. Ya know what we are great tippers. But after paying for what we did eat you should be happy we didn't post pics of the food. 
Anyway good luck at this place E.A.O.R. Eat At Own RiskThe hostess was the rudest person I have ever met , and our waiter glen smelled like straight alcohol and cigarettes then the other waiter a older black man was asking the table next to us for a cash tip when they were paying with credit card they were so unprofessional but we decided to give it another try and I'm glad we did because our waitress feather was so much better and she made sure our drinks stayed filled checked on us multiple times and very knowledgeable of the menu and everything she suggested was delicious. I will definitely be back thanks to feather but only if she is our waitress.BIG NO!!  I used to live and work restaurants in NOLA for years! Came in for holidays and a wedding. Craved a true oyster poboy! While friends were at work! Headed to Parkway...but line down the street...hopped in Lyft to head to Mandina's.Lyft driver suggested this place, I was ravenous and thought...just a poboy! It was disappointing from the start . I sat down and it took a while to be served or acknowledged. Then they started turning people away at the door. Saying they were too behind in kitchen to even seat more.  The place was busy but not full, when I looked around I noticed no one had plates in front of them. Had I not ordered a beer I think I would've walked out, when I tried to pay for the beer and walk out they kept reassuring me my food would be ready, at this point I knew it was not going to fill the craving I had. And I finally got my $14 oyster Po boy dressed with hardly any dressing, The oysters were overcooked and as big as your thumb and the french fries were cold. The people that work there were nice enough, but knew the situation was not good. I would never go back here again, too many good places, by the time I got my food I could've stood in line at Parkway and had my food! One over seasoned poboy with overdone oysters, cold fries, and a beer cost $21...way wrong! Try Parkway, Liuzza's or Mandina's...all near here!Service and food was delicious ! We had a party of 5, we were seated immediately, ordered drinks, appetizers and food and all came out in a timely manner. We all enjoyed ourselves. We happened to come here by mistake , and found a diamond in the rough !Pay attention to what people say on these reviews. The low ratings are right on. Poor service. Food took forever and it was so average. Strange people working here. No vibe. Music that didn't match the customer base. I wish we would have left as soon as we saw the signs.Only came here because next door was busy w a 2 1/2 hour wait at Neyows. The wait here was 50 minutes. They advertise "crawfish boil" on the front of the building w a banner but don't actually have crawfish here. Asked for mashed potatoes from the menu and they didn't have that either . Asked for lemons for our water and waited 50 min on them. Food came out and had some random veggies on it that I didn't order. Our reciepts were all messed up for our party of 8. Took another 15 min just to figure out our receipts. Waitress for some reason thought I ordered a catfish sandwich and was talking about mayo and some other items but I never asked for a sandwich. Catfish and Mac n cheese was good when it finally came .I'll admit that we originally tried to go to the restaurant next door, and when we couldn't get in, we dragged our hungry selves next door to the Bayou Bistro. We didn't know what to expect, but we were greeted with delicious food, amazing and friendly staff, and a great music playlist.We were staying at a Airbnb and decided to eat near our place for a more real New Orleans experience where the locals live and eat. We were actually heading to the place next door, but a nice man showed us the menu and we saw they had crawfish for $7 a pound! We definitely wanted to try them, and we are so glad we did it at Bayou Bistro. It was a beautiful day and we got to sit outside under the southern trees . First of all the staff and customers were amazingly fun and friendly. It was like we were eating at family's house.  We started with the local Abita amber beer..which was great. Then we had their crawfish bisque which was really tasty with the sherry added in. And then we had 2 pounds of perfectly seasoned crawfish. They were really tasty and our super friendly waitress, Lynette,  got her hands dirty and showed us how to eat them. She was so much fun to talk to...it was a great experience. We would definitely recommend this place to a friend!Live in Mid City thought we'd give it a try.  Don't waste your time or $$$ money.  Tourist food. Tons of cayenne and little else.  No substitutions from the menu????  I didn't want fries with my fried oysters.  Way over-priced.  No problem back to Neyow's we go.  BBQ shrimps (4) were the worst I've ever had.Cute little place on the corner, very friendly staff, fantastic atmosphere :) the seafood dip appetizer is freakin delicious! The manager guy is very friendly as well. :) the red beans and rice is a total hit. Respect.At first my family and I were excited to try this restaurant and decided to eat out on a Friday night. That was definitely a mistake. Very horrible service. The service was so bad that it ruined my entire meal with my family. The seafood fettuccine was subpar and NOT worth $16. I will not be returning.Don't eat here. My girlfriends and I were headed to Neyow's but it was an hour and a half wait. We were starving and this place said they could seat us right away so we decided to give it a whirl. BIG MISTAKE.  The hostess kept drinking out of a white styrofoam cup and stepping outside to smoke.
We had a party of six and the server seated us right up against the patrons seated at the bar. We had no room so of course we asked to be moved. When we were finally seated we began to review the menu. One member of our party was a vegetarian so we asked the sever about meatless options. He said he would check with the 'chef' and let us know. When he came back he said they could make anything with fish. We quickly explained that the member of party did not eat meat. He responded by saying "the chef can make a surprise dish, not to worry."  Needless to say, we were worried.
We placed our orders ad which each entree we requested the server replied they were out. This was very frustrating. When we finally found alternative entrees and placed our orders we began the proverbial wait for our food. And wait we did. During or wait something very odd occurred. Patrons who arrived after us began receiving their orders and many of their entrees were the same as what we requested and told by the server were not available. 
Seeing this occur of course was very discerning. We had been waiting almost an hour at this point and to see people who arrived after us receive entrees we were told were not available was very upsetting. We then asked to see the manager but our server seemed nervous and didn't want to get the manager.  The hostess, who had come back in from a smoke break came past our table and we asked her if she could get the manager. She walked back into the kitchen and accidentally left the door open where we had the unfortunate experience of seeing a dirty kitchen in disarray and a staff arguing with one another incessantly.
The hostess returned and said the owner would be out to see us, that she was tied up but would be out shortly. After about twenty minutes the owner still had not come out so we asked our server if he would go get her. Our server then said "he is not in" - huh?  We stated "your hostess said the owner is a she, will you please go get her."  He went back into the kitchen and once again the door was left open and we saw and heard a women tell him that she was not going to come out and what could we possibly want. He asked her repeatedly to come out and talk to us and she repeatedly refused.  
Then a man with the filthiest apron I have ever seen came out of the kitchen, introduced himself as the manager and asked what we wanted. I explained that in the near hour and a half we had been in their restaurant we had not been offered a drink menu, bread, water and our food had not arrived. Compounding matters, parties that arrived after us were receiving their orders which consisted of options we were told were not available. The manager began to justify this poor service by telling us that the food truck had just arrived and because our party was larger then the others that our order was taking longer. This is absolutely absurd and we let him know this.
After his ridiculous explanation we all left and went to Neyow's where of course a table was available because the hour and a half wait they had told us when we arrived had transpired. Go figure.
If you go to Neyow's and they tell you to wait - do it. DO NOT step foot in Bayou Bistro. It will be the worst mistake you ever make. This place really needs to be recommended for an episode of Bar Rescue. It is the pits.Exceptionally good shrimp and grits!!
Will, our server, was adorable, so friendly and attentive, really a delight! The Bloody Marys were off the chain. 
The entire staff was on their game. We'll definitely return to Bayou Bistro.Please don't waste your time , service is terrible everything is slow , food was cold, I shoulda known better walking in here not smelling no food , NEVER AGAINI wouldn't go back or recommend. Service was good. Our waiter Alvin was nice. The food suffers from the same problems as many restaurants have, poor results. Gumbo was ok if you prefer that dark brown roux. I had the shrimp stew and my son had the crawfish etouffee dish. My shrimp stew was super basic level 1 cooking style, sliced potatoes and shrimp with a meh tomato sauce with a few green onions in it. This restaurant has brought back the old tradition of a big fresh parsley piece on the dishes for presentation. Neither of us cared for the seasoning of the entrees. Looking at other people's shrimp and grits I probably wouldn't have liked that either. It had a cream sauce which is not the way I'm used to having shrimp and grits. The fried seafood I saw coming from the kitchen did look good. The place lost the character of Neyow's. Plastic folding chairs and ugly tables in the enclosed patio part. They need to paint the swing doors leading to the kitchen as that is one of the first things you see as you step in. $50 for 2 wasted, 2 entrees, 2 cups of gumbo, 2 waters, and tip.Although the food was good, the service was so slow. We waited 45 mins for our food. It wasn't crowded so I wasn't sure why it took so long to get our food. They tried to make it up to us by giving us a free plate of crawfish but they weren't very warm. They didn't taste bad but they would have been better hot, which leads me to believe they gave us a dish someone sent back. I don't think it's worth the visit. There are better black owned restaurants in New Orleans.