Tyson did a great job serving us breakfast this morning. He was very personable, professional, and sincere.  The staff was great, the restaurant was clean, the coffee mugs were huge, and the omelettes were gargantuan. We will definitely be back again.Introduced to this place today for a brunch meeting. Service is not the greatest, but the food is. This is about to be my go-to breakfast spot.I grew up in NO,  and this restaurant gave me everything I needed from a southern breakfast.  The location, ambience, service and food were all authentic.  I highly recommend trying this spot.  This is the best breakfast I've had except my mother's.Sun beating down on us through windows, omelette so oily it was almost inedible, French toast was a goopy mess and the coffee was lukewarm. We are not going back.We attempted to go in for brunch around 12:30 on a Saturday. The parking lot was full and there was a group of people standing outside so we assumed a wait. We were excited when we got inside and saw that there were only three or four tables occupied. The excitement turned to concern pretty quick; it's 12:30 on Saturday in New Orleans, after all. We proceeded to a table and were approached by a waitress before we sat down who informed us that the people waiting outside were about to be seated as a twelve-top and we should expect a wait on our food as a result even though we were going to be seated before them. This waitress was also just unpleasant and rude, on top of clearly not knowing anything about how the restaurant business works. We left before we even sat down, and I won't be going back even though I live right down the street.Glad to have a breakfast spot right in the neighborhood and walkable.  We went on a Sunday early afternoon and the place was
mostly empty.  My son enjoyed the Champions Breakfast.  I had a biscuit sandwich; the biscuit was fine, but could be flakier.  Turkey sausage was chewy and overcooked.  Coffee was drinkable.  Service was responsive, though spent a little too much time goofing around behind the
bar.  We'll go here again for the kids, but with grown-ups will step up to Ruby Slipper instead.We weren't feeling like spending time queuing at some of the more hip brunch places in the area so we came here where it was quieter. We're very glad we did! 
The Swamp Thing omelettes we both had were really huge and easily the tastiest omelettes we've had while travelling around the US. Coffee (drip) was good and strong, plus the service was sweet. Highly recommended.I just finished eating here and loved it!! I was curious to see its rating assuming it was at least a 4 star and am so shocked it only has 2.5 stars. So I had to leave a review, I mean I agree the service is slow so don't come unless you have a day off but I thought everyone was nice and it's a cute venue. The food was slamming so it's worth the wait. I came with my boyfriend and friend and we ordered shrimp and grits, crab benedict, chicken and waffles, alligator balls, and cinnamon rolls. We shared everything and we all thought food was affordable, came in large portions, and tasted great.This was the worst dining experience I have had since living in New Orleans. To start our waitress was not friendly. She seemed burdened by all of her tables. She took our order for the deep fried cinnamon rolls and coffee before she came back to order our entrees. It took 20min to get two cups of coffee. She kept forgetting it on the counter so by the time it arrived it was barley warm. After 50 minutes we finally received our entrees. I had the crab omelette and my boyfriend has the French toast. The omelette was repulsing and tasted and smelled like bad seafood. I took 2 bites and left it. The hash browns were over cooked and very greasy. Once we received are appetizer we took a bite and it tasted like someone deep fried stale cinnamon rolls and put a thick frosting over top. The bus boy came around to take my unbeaten omelette and the cinnamon rolls which we also untouched. When our waitress came by with the check she asked how everything was and we were honest. We had to ask her to take the omelette and cinnamon rolls off the bills. The manager came by and she was also very rude. She asked if we are the food and we said no. So she then asked the bus boy who told her we are all of it. She then proceeded to tell us we had to pay for our food. The check was slammed down when she returned with our recipes. Worst restaurant in NOLA with terrible service. If you want bad food and even worse service this is your place.This might be one of the cleanest restaurants in NOLA.  I think there were only two people working when we were there so I can understand how service could be awful (per many other reviews) when they are busy, but our service, at the counter, was fine and our server was pleasant.  The coffee was very good. The chicken and waffles (just a bit too dark) were delicious.  The crab eggs Benedict was good, but needed more hollandaise and the poached eggs were overcooked--the yolks were almost totally set.  With a bit of tweaking, this could be a five star.  Hope they get there.Came here with my girlfriend and it was horrible. The service is terrible. No manners at all.  The crab omelet tasted like it was rotten. Asked for the special French toast and they brought the regular one, which was bland. Plus we waited at least 20 minutes for our coffee.  DO NOT EAT HEREWe live in the neighborhood, it's so nice to have a fun and flavorful place to eat breakfast, we started off with the fried cinnamon rolls you can split it up easily with 4 people. They have a very creative menu that would be great for out of Townes that want to try some Gator.Awful. 
Worst restaurant in New Orleans. 
Only reason why this deserves any stars is because our waiter was nice. 
My boyfriend's fruit bowl came with brown bananas and frozen grapes. My other friend was denied a kids meal because he is in his 20s and there are "cameras outside watching to make sure they don't serve those to anyone over the age of 12" and the breakfast sandwich we got looked like it came out of a vending machine. It was a pretty insulting experience...  like a resturaunt they trap tourists in at a zoo. 
If you have any other options, don't eat here.Second time coming here and it was better than before. (Even though the first time was great as well). The crab cake benedict was delicious. Perfectly spiced. The pancake was fluffy with a slght crisp to the edges. Wonderful. The server was very attentive and food came out quickly. This is our new favorite neighborhood breakfast spot!Great local addition. Attractive decor; welcoming atmosphere, nice staff. Basic breakfast was good but the grits were a bit runny. Will definitely come back to further explore the menu.It's a shame that the service is so awful here. The food is a step below mediocre. I want to like this place so badly that I went back on four occasions hoping that my experience was just a fluke. The service was so bad that it was awkward.I went to Bayou Breakfast after an early morning event.   The seating was prompt and a menu came fairly quickly.  But after I placed my breakfast order, I noticed that several people who came in after I did received their meals while I was still waiting.  Once my meal finally arrived, it was quite disappointing.  One of my poached eggs was broken, the Canadian bacon was very thinly cut, stringy and very salty.  The grits had obviously been sitting for quite a while as it was crusted on the sides and top.  It was quite bland and had obviously not been salted at all in cooking.  There are too many other places for breakfast for me to consider going back.Firstly, I think of 3star reviews as a good starting point for restaurants. That said, this place was good for what it was.... a breakfast joint near the fairgrounds. To note: it was Jazzfest weekend, crazy busy, and I could see that other patrons were unhappy. So while it took a while to get noticed (seat yourself), when they finally took our order, food took a little long (yes, they were slammed), but the food was good and service agreeable.Great service friendly local New Orleans restaurant I had the "crab trap" omelette with egg whites it was amazing and delicious. The flavors are bold and spicy loaded with shrimp and fresh crab sautéed with green onions and tomatoes with jack cheese. my husband enjoyed the Eggs Benedict dishI can't review the food because we walked out. We waited 10 mins before being acknowledged to sit down. Waited another 15 mins, nobody wiped the table or came to the table at all. We left. I wouldn't be surprised if it's the same owners as the Creole Cottage that was next door and also had terrible service and mediocre food.My first visit was pretty terrible. Mostly due to the extremely rude and inattentive service. The food was mediocre at best. The menu looks good on paper but the execution and seasoning leaves much to be desired. However, they were only open for two weeks so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. A month later I went back again and it was even worse. Servers loudly arguing in the dining room. Almost an hour wait for food and it wasn't busy. Entrees coming out at very different times. Everyone was finished with their food by the time my girlfriend got hers. Drinks or coffee never refilled. Overcooked eggs. Plain, bland grits. Not a manager in sight. No apologies for any of the issues we had. They simply failed in every category. Such a shame because this area is in dire need of a good breakfast spot.We chose Bayou Breakfast because there was no wait to be seated. The food was quite mediocre. The signature Bayou Breakfast did not satisfy. The grits were bland and watery. The eggs and toast were standard and the bacon was cooked nice and crisp. My fiancé had the bacon omelette and it was edible. No seasoning besides the bacon and American cheese slices. The service was great. Our waitress was attentive. She provided prompt refills and checked on us periodically. Honestly the three stars is for the service not the food. I ordered the fried cinnamon rolls as an appetizer but it came out with our food. The few bites I did try were better than good but not excellent.....
If Bayou Breakfast wants to compete in the Sunday Funday Brunch NOLA style arena they definitely going to have to step their game up. I will be back to see how the menu evolves in another 6-12 months. I'm rooting for you!The service was mediocre.  We came in for breakfast and waited 15 minutes before we even got a menu. After we got our menus it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks and order. The waiter never came back and it took an hour to get our food. When we did get our food we were missing a plate and had to wait an additional 10 minutes to get it. We had to go look for a waiter to pay.  We asked them to split the check in two but they charged each card incorrectly.
The food was decent but not worth the wait. I would only recommend this restaurant if you had two hours to waist.I live a fifty yards from this place, and so was excited for it to open!! The interior is truly pleasant and the menu looks great! However, the service was incredibly indifferent beyond description.. the food was warmed over re-watered grits , phony cheap "croc" for butter.. sad.. we were the only table (2 people)  and it took 25 minutes to get an egg breakfast. When the kitchen rang the "food ready" bell, the waitress started wiping the Long bar down with a rag and chemicals and continued to do so for 5 minutes before tossing the rag and directly picking up our cooled off plates.. 
The only chance this place has is to fire the entire staff and take their time to hire anewWent to try them out. We waited 15 minutes before a waiter came to us. My wife ordered a coffee and there was an eyelash in it. They up charge you $4 just to change pork sausage to Turkey sausage which would make a $9 meal $13 which was not worth it. Pretty much everything on their menu was overpriced. We didn't even stay after the eyelash and the $4 up charge to change the meat. While we were there another couple walked out on them because they kept waiting for service and they didn't pay for their coffee. Which I don't blame them considering the service. There was only one table that was actually getting served food while everyone else was waiting just to speak to a waiter. I wanted to give them a try since they're in my neighborhood but I won't make another trip there.Let me start by saying I REALLLLY wanted to love.. or at least like this place. It has an awesome location, and very close to my house. Unfortunately, several things about our visit fell short. Service is slow and poor. It took about 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us despite multiple employees walking past our table. The waiter took our order (without writing it down): 2 breakfast sandwiches, turkey sausage, chia pudding, hash browns and 2 coffees. Our coffees never got refilled. The breakfast sandwiches were good, but tiny. The turkey sausage tasted like a dried out hamburger. The waiter admitted he forgot about the chia pudding and said it'd be right out... after waiting 25 minutes he said they ran out. Meanwhile the hash browns never came out. So after a 1.5 hour long breakfast we paid $20 for 2 coffees and 2 minuscule breakfast sandwiches.Great food!! The son of a former classmate of my dad's owns this place, so we had to stop by and try their food. We ordered a ton! I ordered the fried oyster benedict on a southern biscuit with hash browns and a side of alligator sausage, as well as the fried alligator bites. My boyfriend ordered the fried cinnamon rolls. We ordered more, but I can't remember it all. It was great! The staff was nice, the restaurant was clean, and the food was amazing. Only downside if that I originally wanted fried frog legs as my appetizer, but they were out. Otherwise, fantastic experience! Worth a try if you are in New Orleans.Easily the worst service I have ever received at a restaurant hands down. I came in with a group of 6 so I excepted to wait a little, that was not the problem. No one even looked at us for at least 30 minutes. When we finally sat down it took 30 minutes for a servers to take our drink orders, we ordered waters all around. Another 30 minutes later our waters finally arrived- 2 short by the way we has to ask to get the last 2. Our total time over 2 AND A HALF HOURS to get eggs and bacon. The worst part is that the manager was there the whole time and instead of helping his servers he was sitting at a table talking with what looked to be friends of his. The food was decent, nothing to make me want to go back.The place is located in a nice area. However, when my family and I first walked in we noticed cleaning supplies left on the table && a broom located right where you enter. While ordering we noticed that the menu was not up to date. I tried to order the bbq shrimp and they no longer had it. Our waiter seem to have been new. He did not know how to set up the high chair. The food was good but in small portion. This place has a lot of potential to get 5 stars.Went here during Mardi Gras weekend and was very disappointed. Way understaffed, we never saw our server the entire time and instead had a bus boy taking our order. Food took over an hour and wasn't worth the wait. The beignets were very good, though.Definitely our new favorite spot in town! Great ambiance, excellent food, and exceptional service. From custom tables and coffee mugs to family photos on the wall it feels like home. We had a rather large party, so we tasted quite a few items on the menu and enjoyed them all.Looking for a spot for breakfast in Mid-city , we decided to check it out. We went at noon on a Sunday and the place was about 60% full. Service was slow, even to get our drinks. The soda was flat and watery and the food was below average (all 5 of us agreed). We had two orders of crab benedict, one, veggie benedict, an omelette, and a breakfast sandwich.  Maybe we caught them on an off day, you never know the circumstances, but I doubt I will be back to find out.Okay....this place is a bust! We waited 55 minutes for our breakfast and then got only 5 of the 7 items we ordered....getting coffee was a challenge.  
We counted four tables who came after us that were served before we were.  That's when we got up and started to leave. After talking to the manager we were offered a 20 percent discount for a meal that we ended up eating none of.  We should only have been asked to pay for what we had received - which was very little!  The restaurant needs some serious managerial help. What a pity...the neighborhood deserves better!!Finally decided to try this place. The menu had us sold. When we arrived we stood by the door looking at empty tables until someone finally told us from across the room to seat ourselves, though their sign said wait to be seated. This continues to happen to people throughout our time there. Three groups left while we were there from waiting too long and sitting at the table for a long time without ever being approached. We had two waiters fighting for our table which you would think was a good thing- well I think they both thought the other waitress has us because then we were left sitting there for 10 minutes even after we have our drink order only to be asked again what we would like to drink. We were asked if we knew why we wanted and we say yes- I started to give her my order then she walked away and brought menus to another table. It was all so strange. Not to mention just seeing other tables not getting waited on and food coming from the kitchen and it being ran to multiples tables until they got it right. The plus is the food is great!!! Coffee is lacking and we were asked if we wanted refills after we finished our breakfast. This place leaves a lot to be desired, but if you are interested in being in the twilight zone and not too hungry to handle a wait, the food is really, really good!We ordered beignets and ice coffees to go. They poured hot coffee over a cup of ice, it was not good...
The beignets were fried biscuits from a tube and were okay. 
Even the phone conversation was not smooth. Wouldn't recommend, hope they can get it together.In short, poorly run with mediocre food. Small, yet necessary details were missing. Juice wasn't fresh, cream was sparingly given for coffee, no jam, no real butter, no condiments or sauces. 
Food was just OK. This place doesn't even come close to other popular establishments, like Ruby Slipper or Katy's. And it's a shame, because the location is perfect.I am writing this from my table because of how slow the process is to get food. There is one guy taking all the orders while two ladies walk around the bar cleaning. Sitting down now 20 minutes and we just got our waters. Waited another 15 just to order or drinks and food. 
Very short staffed because the ladies are literally doing nothing. Feel really bad for the guy who is running around constantly. 
Can't wait to try the food if I get itI'm giving this 2 stars only because the food was edible. I went here with my mom and husband this Sunday. We walked in and found a table immediately because they were not very busy. It took a while for anyone to greet us or bring us menus. When the waiter finally came over, it was like we were being a bother just by being in the restaurant. He was not helpful. We never received refills on any of our drinks. The waiter yelled at the other staff across the restaurant. He never checked on us at all. They were out of receipt paper. We weren't able to see our receipt and had to tell him how much tip we wanted to leave without seeing what was actually charged to the credit card. It was a really bad experience. We won't be going back.BLUF:  Good staff, good location, good standard breakfast with a large menu of interesting items.
Went here on a Wednesday at 8am and there were plenty of tables unsuprisingly.  I assume it is crowded on weekends because there arent really any other breakfast places nearby.  I love this area of New Orleans and surprised it took this long to get a breakfast place.
Large seating area and I heard they were getting outdoor seating too which will be awesome.  Service was spot on.  They had my coffee too me within seconds which is major points.  They kept me full too.
We started off with the chocolate bengeits.  They were really good.  A little denser than du mond beneigs.  Chocolate was a fun touch.  
Then we both got the Bayou Breakfast which is a very standard breakfast.  Out eggs were cooked to our liking (over medium and sunny side up) which is sometimes hard to get from places.  They did a good job.  I got the sausage which was good and the potatoes which had a kick.  My wife thought the grits were bland.  The biscuits were really really good.  I like a dense biscuit but these were a smidge on the lighter side of dense but I really liked them.  (I didnt see biscuits and gravy on the menu but I would like to see it added)
Overall the place was great; however, we didn't test them.  They have a huge menu with lots of interesting things.  We went the boring route but were not disappointed.  I would def go back and try something exciting and see what they are capable of.   They did the simple things really well which in my book is how a place initially should be judged.I was very glad to see this place open as there isn't really another Breakfast restaurant in Bayou St John that serves breakfast everyday and they offer breakfast all day (they close at 3 pm). But truth be told I was worried it wouldn't be good -- this location once held a pharmacy then a failed Frozen Yogurt shop.  I thought it might have the curse.  The temporary feeling of the banner sign didn't help my impression either.  But I tried it two days ago and the food was pretty darn good.  My true test is Eggs Benedict.  I'm amazed at how often it gets screwed up.  Bayou Breakfast nailed it.  The eggs were perfectly soft poached, the Hollandaise decent (could've used a bit more lemon) and the muffin was toasted but not so crispy you couldn't cut it with a knife.  My friend's omelet was large, fluffy and full of alligator sausage (though we both thought it strange it did not come with toast or a biscuit).  This place is not trying to be trendy, just serving up some really good breakfast at reasonable prices.  The atmosphere is nice -- clean and airy.  I will definitely be going back to try the Belgian Waffle, I encourage others to patronize so we can keep  Bayou Breakfast in Bayou St John.I've dined here about 3 times and it has gotten progressively worse, the service was horrible and the food was too. I ordered the Bayou Breakfast and the waitress had a serious attitude like I was disturbing her, a real hood rat. Then she couldn't get my order right, I had to repeat myself at least 3 times prior to finally getting it right, bad ADHD. 
I FINALLY received my food, mind you I was the only person in the restaurant so they had every possibility to get things right. To add insult to injury the bacon was burnt and my eggs were hard along with one slice of burnt toast, I had to sent eggs back and ask for salt and pepper. The floors and counter tops were dirt and a open trash can was way to close to the food. 
Needless to say I will never dine there again and I suggest you take heed to the poor reviews prior to wasting your time and moneyFood is really southern and very yummy. Place is cute and clean. We had the catfish Benedict and a breakfast plate.  The pork sausage patty was tasty. Wish we had discovered this place before our last day in town!Disappointing experience!
We walked in at 2:20, knowing they closed at 3, thinking 40 minutes was plenty of time to try this new spot. Upon entering there were 4 tables still seated. The decor is clean, inviting & nice. Although I initially  felt welcome-- the staff quickly dispelled that feeling with their COLD reception. 
We ordered quickly & received our food- incorrectly. After our lack of "service" thus far, we decided to keep our order. The $14 BBQ shrimp PoBoy was syrupy tasting & the shrimp were small & previously frozen in quality. As we ate, the staff starred at the guests tables as if we were imposing. After asking several times, I got one refill on my drink in 30 minutes. At 10 min till close, the entire staff LOUDLY started putting up chairs, cleaning the floors & making it impossible to feel welcome to finish our meals. 
It's unfortunate, w a great location & goldmine of possible fanfare: this new business wasn't interested in a welcoming customer experience & overall left a bad taste in my mouth.Such a disappointment! We were so excited to have a new breakfast spot within walking distance from our house.
Our first visit was less than impressive. It was not busy and there seemed to be enough staff, but the waitresses were completely uninterested in working. 
One couple arrived at the same time as us, but walked out after being ignored for 20 minutes. Interestingly, a waitress was very prompt about removing the menus from the vacated table. 
Our waitress visited our table a total of four times: to take our order, to bring our food, to leave the bill, and to pick up payment. We were never visited to ask if we needed anything. No refills on our coffee or water... nothing. 
The food was OK, but certainly not worth the poor service.
My husband returned without me several weeks later and nothing had improved. Three female servers hanging out at the counter, chatting it up, while one guy hustled from table to table. It's almost as though these women are trying to sabotage the place, forcing people to not want to return.
They succeeded. We won't.
Today, we walked by and there was a "waitress needed" sign in the window. Hopefully to replace all of ones they have.I desperately wanted to like this place but it was one of the worst meals I've ever had. The service was extremely slow, our waitress was sweet but never refilled my beverage, even after I asked. My meal was disgusting. I ordered a benedict, the eggs were not poached eggs and the hollandaise sauce had a powder taste. The food was definitely not fresh. Seemed like everything was precooked and store bought. Hopefully adjustments are made to the menu and service staff because the atmosphere was adorable. Willing to try it one more time but will definitely give them some time to get it together.Pulled up on a whim. Not one person in there at 8:00, lights off but door open. Cash only, mediocre breakfast and radio blasting from the kitchen. First & last visit.Went to this cute little neighborhood spot for brunch. My wait for food was a little long but absolutely loved the crab and shrimp omelette. So much delicious buttery seafood in the fluffy omelette 
Big enough for two people to have full breakfast experience 
Servers were friendly
Would go again. Deserves 3.5 starsThis place is a solid 3 stars. Nice local spot.  I enjoyed the beignet biscuits.  The alligator sausage omelet was just ok.  I prefer the ingredients to be incorporated into the egg as opposed to wrapped inside of the egg.  But the sausage was flavorful. I wouldn't drive out of the way,  but I would grab a bite if I'm in the neighborhood for sure. The decor is bright and airy in contrast to the exterior look.  Also,  plenty of seating.I was in on 2/7 and had the exact same experience as the other reviewer on that day, except I waited even longer.
There was one server running around like crazy attending to his tables, but the other server took her sweet time getting to everything.  I didn't even realize she was a server until 15 minutes after arrival, she came by our table to say she would be right with us. Despite her clear lack of promptness to her duties, having been a diner server for several years, I can promise you that 2 is not enough for a morning breakfast shift with more than 8 tables, management!!!  I'm wondering if this place even has a manager!  I bet it's being run by the kitchen manager, because the food is good if you can ever get it!  I went once before, and the service was lacking then, but at least my server was prompt, if inexperienced.  This time, I was there for over an hour, only having tea and coffee (1 refill each) in the span of over an hour.  I didn't have time to continue to wait, or to get into whether or not my food was imminent because in the 10 minutes I decided we needed to ask, I could not get my server's attention!  Y'all need a new FOH manager yesterday!Well this was our second try at this place. This is the last try. They need a manager!
One star for nice waiter. One star for waiter & bus boy constant apologizes. I ordered a waffle, which I didn't receive,asked to substitute cup of grits for the meat, bacon or sausage. The nice waiter forgot to ask manager so the bus boy asked & was told absolutely not if so it's an extra charge! I was confused because grits cost $2.75 while the meats cost $3.00. Again the bus boy and waiter apologized. 
Oh by the way the waffle didn't arrive instead I received pancakes. 
There seems to be no plans for the workers. The waiter was having to work many tables while the girl waitress stayed behind the counter. 
The cook said they couldn't make my waffle so I ate the pancakes that I didn't order.I'm not sure I've ever left a one star review, but I've got to for this place. 
Absolutely the worst service of any restaurant I've been too. Three tables total in the place and one server to handle it. Moves slow, unenthusiastic, and no sense of urgency.  The food was terrible and as someone else said, clearly not fresh.
Good came out 1 by 1 and incredible sporadic. If you're looking to get breakfast in New Orleans I recommend anywhere but here.LOVED this place. The shrimp and grits were top notch and our server Colby was incredibly friendly and attentiveWorst coffee in the city and even worse service.  Fish and grits would have been great, if not for the congealed lumps of grits.At first our party of four were very excited to try Bayou Breakfast. We stood at the door for 15 minutes with no service. I went up to an employee who was just standing by the ice machine who said we need to seat ourselves...would have been nice to know that instead of looking at a please wait to be seated sign. Took us 5 minutes just to get menus and then we sat there for another 15 minutes and no one came over. Wasn't until we asked the table next to us how long they have been waiting on their food....2 HOURS. That is when we decided to no longer waste our time in that establishment. 
Such a shame. Has great potential but the worst service and staff I've ever seen in my life. They all looked like zombies that were walking and taking their time instead of hustling to make their guests happy.Do not go here! Horrible service, Rude waiters, took 15 minutes before we even received menus. Took over an hour before we even got our food and it was not even good. Small servings and over priced. I have never been more irritated at a restaurant before. Also the bathroom was absolutely disgusting and we had to go across the street while we were waiting for our food to go to a clean restroom.We came here for breakfast and loved it! Excellent service, great food and good value for money. We had the breakfast special, which was very reasonably priced. We will definitely be back!My fiancè and I went here with high expectations because the website claimed an affiliation with Sarita's on Freret; we absolutely love Sarita's. I'm happy to say that they mostly met our expectations. We had the doughnut beignets, which looked exactly like the picture already provided on Yelp, and they were delicious! I would suggest them for dessert instead of as an appetizer. My fiancé enjoyed his alligator sausage omelette (I don't like omelettes), and my waffles were warm and crispy on the outside. Honestly, they may have been the most perfectly cooked waffles I've ever had! Needless to say, the biscuit was tasty and perfectly cooked. The employees were friendly, and I liked the atmosphere.  
Unfortunately, I do have a complaint. I wish I didn't, but my chicken was not good. It was either overcooked or freezer burnt before it was cooked. It was dry, hard, and flavorless. I killed it with ketchup and got down a piece or two. Because of this, I would suggest sticking to the more breakfast-like options. It was 100% worth the waffles, though. 
I'd also like to point out they they have alligator sausage, and not plain alligator. The menu is slightly misleading in that the Poboy says alligator and not "alligator sausage." If I hadn't asked for clarification, I would've received an alligator sausage Poboy instead of alligator. That would've been disappointing. 
I highly recommend you give this place a try!I didn't ask for much, and Bayou Breakfast delivered exactly that. 
This place clearly used to be a yogurt shop -- the nooks in the tiled wall remain -- but Bayou has done a nice job with the space. It's clean and simply decorated. 
I ordered the namesake breakfast and received two eggs over medium, pork sausage, and potatoes. 
Service was unenthusiastic and painfully slow. I understand that New Orleans moves slowly on Ash Wednesday, but for as many empty tables as there were, I should have gotten my meal much sooner than I did.
My eggs were closer to over hard than over medium, though I'd rather have that than snotty egg whites. My potatoes were overcooked. And I was served butter and jelly even though I had 86ed any bread or biscuit from my order, since there were no gluten free options.  
All in all, I had a decent breakfast at at decent price, but Bayou Breakfast may not be for you if you need something quick or if you're dining GF.Since this is a smallish spot in my neighborhood, I desperately wanted to love this breakfast joint house in an old frozen yogurt building. But I didn't love it, and left feeling slightly disappointed. 
Things I did enjoy included the space itself (tons of natural light, brightly colored walls, beautiful and joyful photos). 
The also had a kids menu, which I don't often see in New Orleans. 
Sadly the service wasn't overly friendly or engaging like I would anticipate in that area. 
Gluten Free/Dairy Free Comments 
While the food wasn't anything to write home about I do give them props for having vegan items on their menu. The best looking one, the chai pudding, was sold out. But my friend who joined me had the vegan scramble which looked like a hefty portion. 
Caution - they do serve a handful of sausages here, but none are labeled gf. Be sure to see the packaging or Ingredient list before you chow down.Great little addition to the bayou st. John neighborhood. Very cute decor. Super nice and attentive staff. The frog legs were wonderful with the cajun ranch sauce. Perfectly crisp and tender. I got the french toast for breakfast. Perfect size, hit the spot with my cup of coffee.
Will definitely go again for a great breakfast experience. The menu did not have overly unique food items like some other breakfast joints but what they had hit the spot for a fulfilling breakfast meal.Terrible service, the servers had no enthusiasm at all . The Milk was spoiled rotten , asked to bring it back and they didn't  bring any fresh milk .. the biscuits were cold .. will NEVER go back there... one star only because "no star" was NOT and option!Let me just start by saying I literally put my whole face into the warm sticky goodness of the fried cinnamon rolls! Colby pointed us in the right direction on all of the best items to order! Very polite and the service was FAST! 
Loving this experience- now back to my fish and grits!!!!!My fiancée and I came here for breakfast after reading that this place is connected to Sarita's on Freret.  (We later found out from Sarita's that it's an "unofficial" connection).  Anyway, we were generally pleased with our meal.  We split the beignet biscuit bites appetizer, which was sugary goodness, to start.  I had the omelet with alligator and andouille sausage and cheese.  And she had the fried chicken and waffles.  My omelet was pretty good - hard to go wrong with sausage and egg and cheese - and her waffle was delicious.  The chicken tenders were a little bland and dry, but ok with ketchup.  We also both got biscuits, which we were cooked pretty well.  All in all, it was a pleasant experience; the staff was friendly and just attentive enough, our food came out relatively quickly, and the place was clean and well kept.This is on the service I waited almost 1 full hour and they messed up my order. Definitely not going back. There was only one person waiting everyone. But I will give this one star because after all that the food was okay.Okay Mike, last meal in New Orleans for the bachelor party. Let's make it memorable! Well, the fancy brunch places are out because my group is broke. Oh, and like nowhere else is open because it's Sunday morning. Hmm, Bayou Breakfast is open. I'm generally wary of 3 stars, and the reviews aren't helping, but we are down the road and it looks like it can definitely fit us 6, let's do it.
As many have pointed out, the staff is undermanned and unfriendly. You have one man complaining about needing more staff while doing 20 jobs at once, a woman who could care less about you, and a few other people running around. Though the inside still looks nice and new, so they have that going for them.
Now here's the kicker: I generally remember everything I get, and have fond memories of Melba's and Sammy's and Avery's. I'm pretty sure I got a po'boy here, but can't remember what I got or how it was. I usually take a picture of everything I got, save when I was drunk at Oceana, so the fact that I didn't take a picture says a lot as well.The restaurant was a big disappointment. The great thing was that I called ahead to ask about getting a table for 10 and when we arrived, it was all set. However, the service was painfully slow and the server not friendly despite the fact we were the only ones in the restaurant. In addition, the food was simply bad. It was greasy, ill prepared and not fresh.Great breakfast place! Everything we've tasted in this local breakfast place was absolutely delicious! Definitely recommend!!I will never eat at this place the service was poor, we had to ask for menu, ask for water, and ask who our server is, the prices online did not reflect the prices on the menu, there was no manager on duty the girl had to call the manager on the phone whenever there was problem that needed to be address. NOW to top it all off a ROACH was in the napkin holder so when i informed the server again she had to call the manager on the phone to let he/she to know and had the nerve to ask if we was still going to order food......HELL NO!!!!!!Well, my flight is delayed so I guess I will start on my road trip reviews before they pile up any longer! 
This was my last full meal in New Orleans, right around the corner from the airbnb I rented in a nice, local place next to great places to eat as well. As you may of guessed, there is a lot of gator on the menu, which I actually find endearing and appropriate considering the name. 
The bayou breakfast is a great deal if you're into something simple; the two people I ate with enjoyed it and it all came out perfectly. I ordered the chicken and waffles because when we walked in, every table had at least one person eating them so I knew it must be a favorite. And now I can see why: Moist, flavorful and perfect portion. Add a little NOLA hot sauce, and syrup and you'll be happy as the alligator that did not get wrestled and  made into sausage. 
Clean, efficient, friendly and simple: Perfect, low key way to start your day.The food was ok, very small portions. The service is absolutely horrible, our waitress looked and talked to us like we woke her up at 3am to make our breakfast. I would not recommend this place at all.