These guys are awesome! Best burger restaurant in New Orleans. Service was on point, they made sure we had our food in a timely manner and food is fresh. We flew in from Atlanta, And this is the first place we went to. And we will definitely be back before we leave. 
My friends ordered the Gator burger and the deer burger. I personally ordered the buffalo wings, which was very good. We left super happy! Btw they're drinks are very good too!The bayou burger is literally the best burger I've ever had. Great staff also -definitely a big thumbs up.The burgers are fresh and delicious. Great sports bar on bourbon st.  I would definitely recommend this place if your looking for a good burger!!!!!We were staying on Bourbon Street and passed by this place several times. The balcony looked like a cool place to hang out and I love a good burger so we decided to have lunch here. The balcony tables seem to be the first to fill probably because it overlooks Bourbon Street. The hostess seated us at the last available table. We got lucky.  
The service was slow. We were here well over an hour. The time between getting our drinks, taking our order, and getting our food was pretty long. Even getting our check took forever but our server was very friendly. It was a good thing we weren't in a hurry. 
My husband and I ordered build your own burgers with tater tots. Menu stated two patties with your choice of cheese and condiments. I thought that has to be huge but I didn't see a single patty option. When the burger arrived I realized why it was two patties. They were thin. Mine were very crisp as in overcooked but at least they were warm. My husband's were cold. The tots were ok. The burger was edible but not great which was disappointing considering burger is in the name.Pretty good food, service could've been better but I'm not one to complain especially if the food is good.Wasn't that busy they might have had 4 servers on. Our server took forever to get us CANNED BEERS, we NEVER GOT OUR WATERS. Our appetizer came AFTER we finished our food. They comped it, but didn't try to make amends about the rest of horrible experience. We will NEVER GO BACK.Stopped here about a year ago when my husband & I were looking for some real food on Bourbon St. He loved his burger, we also got some yummy fries, but I have not stopped thinking about the FRIED PICKLES!!! We tried them at a few other places, don't bother, everyone else was way too salty. But these were amazing! I've even tried to recreate them at home to no avail. I'm pregnant now & have literally had dreams about these things. I wish we didn't live in New Jersey, sigh..... 
Also, it was a year ago & a weeknight during the off-season for New Orleans, but the waitress was very friendly & attentive. She didn't seem to mind we were just hanging out, mostly munching on apps & drinking brews.A group of five went late in the evening and experienced poor service. The restaurant was clean and there are a lot of tv's to watch sports but not recommended for an enjoyable dining experience. The food was good but overpriced in my opinion. Also, gratuity is added to your ticket. We had a terrible waitress who got drink orders incorrect, forgot silverware, was completely
unpleasant, and never checked on us.Best dining experience I've had in nola so far. Mind you, it was like 3:00 on a Tuesday. We got the burger that has the grilled cheese in it. Also the sampler thingy - red beans and rice, jambalaya, some kind of etouffe soup type thing. All amazing. The bacon on the burger was some frickin amazing bacon. Beef was cooked perfectly. We also had these weird hush puppy looking things that were topped with tobacco infused powdered sugar. They called it a bignet but it wasn't the kind of bignet I imagined. Anyway, it was interesting and yummy. 
We sat at the bar. Fantastic service!! Wish I could remember the lady's name. It was this week so whoever the bartender was on Tuesday. She provided us with some helpful tips. Kept our drinks full. Helped bag up our leftovers too. Great service. 
Atmosphere was good. The upstairs was closed because it's winter.Arrived late in town and this was the perfect spot for a reasonably priced, quick meal. My husband had a double burger with a grilled cheese in the middle! I had a zydeco dog, both we good. It was quite loud, but the NCAA games were on. Definitely worth a stop in if you are looking for a good, decent priced burger.Gator burger top of the line...sleeper spot dont miss.Disgusting food. We didn't like any of the items we ordered. We ordered the fried pickles and they tasted OLD. I wonder if they just reheated old fried pickles because yuck, I've never tasted such gross fried pickles before. 
The burger was greasy and a mess and just all around not tasty at all. 
I don't normally give bad reviews, but they need to improve the quality of their food. We left without finishing our food because it was so bad, and the manager didn't charge us for it. We still left a tip though :)Best mac n cheese I've had in a long time! It's called "The Wedge". The top was nice and crispy, the cheese to noodle ratio was on point and the flavor was just amazing. They didn't use the regular elbow macaroni though, but whatever they used was great. 
The red beans and rice were good too, they came with chicken sausage. 
Everyone else got hamburgers and liked them. They also had a $5 drink special.Not very hungry for this meal which was too bad as everyone seemed to enjoy their burgers.  Definitely what you're looking for in a sports bar - loud, energetic, good food and lots of televisions but beat of all the customer service! Thank you Jelicia - sweet disposition and even amongst the crazy Saturday night college football chaos, she maintained a high level of professionalism, accuracy and dang, she was one of the nicest waitresses I've come across in a sports bar!  Thanks Jelicia!First time in Nawlins and babbyyyyy my friends and I enjoyed ourselves! If you come, enjoy the gator burger and ask for Kezra! #ThankMeLaterThe food was good, but not great.....but the service was absolutely awful. They really weren't all that busy, so, it was surprising that our server literally only came over a couple of times during our 90 minute lunch. Had to walk up to the bar for my second drink.....and again to get a to-go cup. In addition, we were shocked that they charged us $14.50 for a coffee with 1 shot of Bailey's! The rest of the prices weren't bad....this one just came out of left field! 
They had an APPLE PIE TINI listed as their drink special and it was fantastic! Trust me, it's not some dainty drink in a martini glass.....it's a 16oz glass of straight vanilla/cinnamon/apple whiskey! Give it a shot!!Food was good, Shannon our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable. We went with her recommendations and weren't disappointed. Good value. I would go back again.The service was friendly and quick and the balcony was nice. The food was just ok, I'm not sure I'd go back...it was forgettable.Great service.  Wings were good and tasty.  Bartender made great mixed drinks.  Lots of large TV'S  to catch any game.If you are on bourbon street you have to come here.  You can watch whatever game you want.  The beers are amazing...you have to try the ragin cajun, its amazing.  The debris fries are a must, you wont be disappointed unless you dont try them.  I had the fireman burger and love that they donate $1 for every fireman burger to the local fire department.  The burger was very good and Shea was an amazing bartender.  Youll regret it if you dont stop in here.  Im coming back a second time no question about it.Went in by myself to grab a burger real fast and a few beers. The place was full of people eating and watching college football. Didn't want to take up a whole table by myself so the host at the front found me a seat at the crowded bar. Bar tender
Was a really nice guy who was extremely busy but still provided me with great service. My burger was delicious (bourbon burger). wish I went there with everyone I came to the French Quarter with!Stopped in and had the alligator burger.... Not bad. The "BBQ" shrimp wasn't as good as I had heard, and the place was a little pricey. I liked the beer I had, some kind of IPA-type.Treated like an ashhole. Here with a group of friend who are into sports and they had to watch the cubs play in the world series. They basically threatened to kick anyone out who doesn't spend $7.50 every half hour.  I think sports are stupid, and wanted to walk out, but didn't want to leave the group I was with. So here I sit , 25 minutes later and the waitress who has the piss poor attitude finally took the drink order. The bouncer folks at the door and the waitress were all jerks about this game policy. I don't care if the food is good, treat people like an buttholes and I give a bad review. Edit.can of beer is only a 12 ounce....lolGreasy food after a night of drinking. Burgers are cajun spiced, and expect a minimum of 2 patties per burger. Kettle chips are excellent, but hard to screw those up. Service wasn't great, but not terrible either. Wish we would have known about this place earlier in the day to watch a non saints game.Good sports bars are hard to come by in the French Quarter. Decent food and lots of TVs with good sight lines. There's really no reason to come unless your watching a game but if you want to watch a game this is the best place around.Dabrielle was a GREAT waitress!  Very helpful and kind!  The food was great! The bayou burger was unique and delicious- the debris "fries" (we got it on tater tots) was AMAZING and the run chicken run was good too!Great food, great place to catch the game and great prices for quantity and quality. Also had a great bratwurst there that was pretty tasty.Burgers were fantastic and the sweet potato fries were perfectly made (crunchy outside & soft center). They even have red creme soda at the fountain. Tons of food for the price and they can accommodate a peanut/tree but allergy!!!!
Jheran was a great server. He gave actual recommendations instead of just an answer. 
Lots of TVs covering a huge range of sportsGood vibe, TV's everywhere. They took care of us quick. Food was ok but the server amazing...Surprisingly good food -- creative menu with options for just about everyone.  If you need a big, interesting burger -- try the Ultimate Cure.  This burger is two patties connected by a grilled bacon and cheese burger on texas toast.  This burger is giant when they bring it to you -- your eyes will say WOW!  I would also recommend the Run Chicken Run sandwich -- thinly sliced chicken breast with cheese, lettuce and green tomatoes.  The amount of avocado that is placed on this sandwich is awesome!  These items can be served with their homemade kettle chips (highly recommended) or you can substitute sweet potato fries (also very good!)  It is a bar -- so it can be loud and crazy -- but the food was definitely worth it -- and priced well for its location.  Definitely try this place!Stopped in with friends for a quick bite. I ordered the Gator Burger - this was the BEST burger I have had in a long time. Our server was AMAZING - by far the best server we have had while in town - I believe his name was Brad
This is a MUST STOP while in the areaAmazing food and service.  Shay was our server and she is a delight.  What a contagious energy.   Highly recommend the skillet fries and the Mac and cheese!Stopped in at lunch time not expecting much from a burger joint but they had the most amazing buffalo wings! I'm going back again tomorrow for more. The alligator balls were delicious too. Staff were super friendly without being over bearing. Lots of tvs with all kinds of sports going on. Enjoyed the place very much.I shouldn't even give one star , waited to be seated , seen a table open (it was packed) went to walk to table , waitress stopped us said that seat is for someone else , I told her we been waiting , she said no you just walked in which was not true . I put the menu down and walked out . She then proceeded to say HAVE A SHITTY NIGHT!! I'm like are you serious ?!?! What kind of customer service is this . I will never set foot back in there and I will let people know not to honor this business. Wish I could give no stars you get a 0 from meGreat spot for a burger. Must have a IG appetite because the burgers are really big. We got the gator burger and the home team burger. Both were good, but my home team burger was a little over cooked. The gator burger was really tasty. 3 stars because we waited a while for our food even to the point the staff noticed we had been waiting a while. And I wasn't impressed by the kettle chips. The service was good though, our bartender was really nice.I went here on New year's and it was p
PACKED, the waitress was really nice, because of yelp we got a free appetizer. We didn't really need the extra food because the burgers and fries were HUGE! My husband got a personalized burger and ended up paying something close to $20 (not worth it, really) and I went with a regular menu burger and my check was close to maybe $15. The burgers were regular, nothing special, the place was nice but the location is great, we finished eating and kept on walking around the city.Great burgers (especially the gator burger) and very good seasoned fries! the jambalaya was ok and the kettle chips were pretty good but the fries were betterStopped in here while visiting NOLA and I must say it was good. I had the burger, fries, and fried pickles. I sat upstairs on the balcony so I had a view of everyone below. The waiter you could tell he was new wasn't very attentive had to constantly ask for stuff as he never would ask, but overall I enjoyed the place and food. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to eat.Nice atmosphere, friendly and attentive servers. All around good food. Id revisit  :D.       Try the Super TOTsWe arrived late to the area on a Friday night and decided to grab some dinner here. I wasn't expecting much, but I was wrong! We started off with the crawfish beignet appetizer. The powdered sugar threw me off at first, but after a few bites, I really liked these nice sized crawfish in crispy fried dough with a dusting of powder sugar, they were even a little bit spicy. For my entree, I had the BBQ Shrimp. Ohhhh yummy. This dish is served in cast iron, the shrimp come with the heads and tails still on. The sauce is this spicy, lemony, vinegary sauce that is indescribably delicious. It comes with a small loaf of crusty bread, perfect for soaking up all that sauce. I had BBQ shrimp at a few more places but my favorite came from here. Good place to grab a meal on Bourbon St.My sister and I both had our credit card information stolen while we were on vacation in New Orleans.  This is the ONLY place where we payed separately for anything during the entire trip, which is how we were able to deduce that someone on the staff here stole our information.  The waitress brought us separate bills without asking, then took our cards away.  She came back WITHOUT the cards and chatted us up for about 10 minutes before she went away again and brought back the cards.  I'm going to go through my receipts from the trip and see if the servers name is on it so that I can leave a formal complaint with her boss or possibly have her prosecuted, she managed to spend $300 on my debit card and another several hundred on my sister's card.  I'm sure this wasn't her first time stealing someone's information and it probably won't be her last, so try to find somewhere else to get a burger on Bourbon Street.If you are going to hang out on Bourbon street.. hang out at Bayou Burger! This place has such a cool vibe to it with relieving air conditioning. Our server, Cody, was friendly and had an impressive memory of the menu. Speaking of the menu- there are multiple unique choices that makes the place different. Going to this place does mean you might have to try something new, but keeping this in mind, they have numerous choices for you to make your own custom burger! Dad got the "Debris" burger which he claims the best he ever had, describing the burger as an "outstanding combination of hamburger and roast beef joined together in holy matrimony of melted cheese and grilled onions!"  I got the Philly Burger. Although I don't think mine was as extraodinary, I still found the mix of philly, steak, and interesting enough, cheeze whiz, yummier than most. Not only did we have delicious burgers, it wouldn't be complete without there freshly made sides like kettle chips and sweet potato fries. Overall, we enjoyed our lunch at Bayou Burger & Sports.AMAZING first place we tried after days of horrible food in Florida!!! Gator burger was amazing!! The flavor was delicious. My hubby ordered the burger with the grilled cheese and that was exactly what we imagined cheesy gooey goodness!!! The hot dog was also a weaner...get it lol winner!!! The staff didn't fall short of the food.  Great service easy going atmosphere. Cold AC. Flat screens everywhere. Great experience. I'll definitely be back next time I visit!!!Service was mediocre. Not at all impressive. Drinks were weak. Food was ok. Not exactly the best place for food in NOLA when there are so many other options around. And it's on Burboun Street which sucks. Burboun Street smells like piss and puke. It's disgusting. I would not go back to this spot.If you really want to watch sports they do have TVs...but who watches sports without the Internet to stay up to date of all the games. Really....its 2014 and you don't offer Wifi....thumbs down on no WifiWe ate the vegetarian burger here three years ago and we are specifically going out of our way in two weeks to make it through New Orleans on our way from California to Florida JUST to eat here again.  My kids and I loved this place.  We cannot wait!!!!  Excellent food and our service that day was great.You know a place is bad when after a day of drinking and just *needing* to eat something, I still had to send my food back. 
My husband ordered the alligator burger, which he said was okay, but kind of fatty. I ordered the stuffed artichoke appetizer, simply because I wasn't in the mood for a burger. When our food came out, about two bites in to my artichoke, I realized that it had been previously frozen.. and was still slightly frozen in the center. After waiting 10 minutes to catch our server's attention, I explained to her what the issue was. Her first response was to offer to bring the artichoke back in the kitchen and have them "heat it up again", which I declined and asked for a new one to be fired for me. I waited another 10 minutes or so and another one was brought out to me - mostly warm all the way through and now burnt on top because it appears as if they passed it under the broiler. 
At that point I kind of just gave up and ate what I could of the dry, tasteless stuffing and the stringy artichoke. 
On the upside, the beer I had was really good and it was served in a giant frosty mug. So ... yay on that!They say this place closes at 1am. At 11:30 pm, we went to eat. Guy at the door says no outside drinks. So I throw mine away just inside the door, no problem. Then he says "The kitchen is closed."  I asked him why he didn't tell me that before I threw my drink away. He said "You looked like you didn't want it anymore, buy another one" . What a jerk.
My friends and I left, there are plenty of other places to go to be mistreated in the city.
I will never go back, I will tell everyone I know to avoid it. 
if you want to be abused pick anywhere else.AMAZING! Opt for balcony seating if you can--overlooks the bourbon street craziness! We walked here from Pat Obrians (not that impressive btw) and are so impressed here! Shannon J. was AMAZING AND ATTENTIVE! She even gave us a flyer for the martigras parades tomorrow and a map of the city after she found out we were from out of town. IE MAKE A STOP HERE!Stopped for a drink and crawfish bienets.  It is a sports bar but I sat by the window and watched the action on Bourbon St.  It was good.Touristy spot on Bourbon Street but most are.  Had a pretty good burger but the hype didn't match the experience. But was able to catch an NHL game which was the big goal (get it? sorry, that was bad) anyway.
Tried to use a Yelp discount and the bartender needed to take my phone in the back to show the mgr...seems odd, right?absolutely delicious! burger was super juicy. my husband had the zydeco hot dog. it was huge and he absolutely loved it. fries were also delicious! can't wait to go back again the next time I'm in New Orleans.Burgers are decent, not fantastic but you can customize them which is cool. Their french fries alone are worth the visit at least. Super good. Had great service last night too!Wings are great, and we've always had great service! Must stop for a quick bite on bourbon!Ok. I hate this. I went here because we were able to get out of the rain here and get seats at a counter without reservations (a couple of other places were full, or reservation only) on New Year's Eve. It's loud, had college football on the TV'S and cheering patrons. I know, it's New Year's Eve....expect loud, obnoxious people. 
That being said, our server, Tootie, was a sweet, polite professional. Obviously used to dealing with this type of environment.  
I didn't expect much in the taste department, but I was TOTALLY wrong! 
THE FOOD:
We started with an appetizer of Gator Traps. 
Panko-breaded alligator and jalapeno cheese stuffing, deep fried with sweet corn rounds. Came with 2 sauces.  The gator traps had great bite and flavor, and both sauces were above average. 
For my entree, I got The Debris..Two burger patties smothered with roast beef debris, pepper jack cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms on a brioche bun. Tater tots on the side. The Tater tots were fantastic,  but hey, deep fried potatoes in any form are fantastic! The Debris was a taste surprise to me. I took the top of the bun off so I didn't fill up on carbs so early in the evening (7 pm). The bottom of the bun was too soggy to pick up any way. I cut it up and ate it with a fork and knife. The roast beef debris was peppery and plentiful and tasty. The burgers were great, too. Apps and entree I give 5 stars for taste. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend had the Buffalo Shrimp Salad. They were ok with a substitute buffalo chicken with the shrimp, and the girl loved it. She was really satisfied with it. 
Overall, food fantastic. 
There was a glitch when a patron was throwing his arms around behind us and knocked a server carrying drinks into the girl who would be my girlfriend and got her a little wet. Not the servers fault. 
I'm going to give 4 stars overall.
The bill was kind of high for 2 cans of Miller Lite, 2 Chardonnay's, 2 entrees and an app ($75. Plus tip)
The men's room has 1 stall, and was only kinda clean.Other than the friendliest staff- yes Joy, I'm talking about you! The Any Given Sundae was the best "closer" I've had. Will go back for a burger!A friend and I came here for dinner and split the Debris Fries, cheesy cheddar fries with roast beef and gravy topped with sour cream and chives served in a cast iron skillet for $11. AMAZING!!! I got the cowboy burger, which was excellent as well. The interior was like homestyle kitchen feel, with granite countertops for each table and a paper towel holder to wipe the delicious grease and BBQ sauce off your hands. I wasn't a fan of the big screen TVs in literally every corner, but if you're a sports fan I'm sure you'll appreciate it. Service was prompt and friendly and the prices were mid-range ($10-18), which is actually very good for Bourbon Street.Easily the best burger I've ever had in life., not even exaggerating about it!!!  Asked the waiter what was the best burger, he told me they were all delicious but the engine # 29 was his favorite. So I went with that and I have no regrets!!! Perfectly seasoned with a mix of sausage and spiciness. The red onion thinly sliced was tasty, not over powering but nicely complimenting along with the slaw mixture. Some other things were on there like cheese and I believe some type of condiment but none of it exceeded the great flavor of that patty!! Let me not forget about the delightful bun so soft and heavenly! If this burger cost $20-30 bucks I would still pay!Have no complaints I was seated quickly. The waitress was very friendly, very patient and very knowledgeable about the menu. She was very attentive and I can't remember her name. I do remember she was almond toned with a short cut with like a red tone to it. 
The total bill had me like - wait a minute- these prices - but all in all it was a good experience. Would I go back definitely. I had the ultimate satisfaction burger which was insaneeee!!! 
It was grilled cheese sandwich with bacon in the middle of a burger. 
Side Note: The bathrooms were clean which is a ++++ for me.Initially liked the place and thought I liked the burger until I took a good look at it in the dark place and saw that it was extremely undercooked. It's almost 3 days and 3 IV bags later that I am finally recovering from the worst food poisoning I've ever had. Thankyou, Bayou burger.This place has great food but minimal in its decor, it has a long bar some tables, a few flat screen tv's to watch sports, when we arrived they sat us down, it was not to loud and it was comfortable, but our waiter was not to friendly nor helpful, we have never eaten there before so we had no idea what to order, i asked our waiter what meal had the biggest portions and what would he suggest since we were hungry and his responce was; everything in the menu is great, he left and i called him to our table again i asked him again this time i let him know i needed help and he was not being helpful, this time he started to show us a few meals that were going to fill us up, so we ordered but after 10 min i noticed everyone around us that got there after us, were getting their food but we were not, i could not find our waiter so i went to the bar tender, and soon after we got our food, the hamburgers were very big and smelled great, the portions were satisfactory, the drinks are HUGE and it has free refills, the down fall was the service the waiter gave us, it was very poor, if we visit New Orleans again we will eat there again but will make sure we get a different waiter.
Costumer service gets 2 stars 
Food 5
Establishment4First place we ate on our NOLA trip, the gator bites were good and the soup of the day (it was a crawfish boil) was good accept my order was never put in until very late. I liked their gumbo as wellMy boyfriend wanted a good burger so we decided to check this place out! I promise you will not be disappointed!! We had crawfish beignets as an appetizer which were so good. They were hot, spicy, and sweet!! He ordered the Ultimate Cure Burger, a cheeseburger with a grilled cheese sandwich inside of it.....INSANE!!! I had the Run Chicken Run sandwich which had an interesting twist.... Green tomatoes!! Neither of us could finish our sandwiches!!! So you may think about sharing a sandwich!!I was pleasantly surprised with Bayou Burger. We had a large bachelorette group (8) and needed to fill our stomachs with food before we continued our festivities and drinking. The place we wanted to go to was closed so we ducked into Bayou Burger. We were seated immediately. The server was extremely friendly and very helpful in splitting our checks, which I know is a huge pain. The super tots were incredible, and it looked like everyone else was enjoying their bayou trifectas and Gleason burgers.Awesome place to watch games with amazing food. The burgers here are delicious and don't skip the crawfish beignets either.I didnt expect much of a sports bar --on Bourbon Street no less --but I was pleasantly surprised. Three weeks later, I'm still fantasizing about the corn dogs dipped in beignet batter and served with horseradish ranch. I mean, every beignet should have a giant wiener in it! We also ordered the fried onion straws (like the Bloomin' Onion, but a touch spicier) and the  "Wedge" which is a HUGE skillet of mac and cheese, both quite good. And somehow after all this, I still managed to stuff the "Engine # 29" burger with jalapeno slaw, hot sauce, and a hot sausage blend down my throat too. 
Only drawback was service was incredibly slow: like almost walked out because it took 25 minutes to get our drinks slow. Even with it being somewhat busy, it should not have taken more than 2 hours to have dinner.My friend and I were in the mood for burgers and decided to try this place out since we are from out of town. The service was good, but the food was mediocre. 
My friend ordered the philly steak burger and I had the gruyere burger with a fried egg. The philly burger was very flavorful and good. Although the French gruyere burger was good, I wish it would have come with buns instead of brioche toast. The fried egg was placed on top of the bread instead of under the bread in between the burger. There was gruyere cheese melted over the bread, which made it a little difficult to eat. The regular fries were good but the sweet potato fries were mediocre. They weren't crispy and weren't really sweet like other sweet potato fries I've had.All of my friends were talking about the selection of burgers, draft beers and cocktails. So we decided to stop in for a bite this past Saturday night.
The place itself, in the busiest part of the FQ, was mobbed. There was a 5 minute wait for table service which wasn't bad. The hostess was courteous and the server was attentive, he kept our area spotless. I believe his name is Marty or Marco, it was quite loud. The hostess didn't greet us with her name.
Our food was definitely worth the money and wait. I had an ultimate cure with jambalaya while my colleague had the gator burger with sweet potato fries. 
I will definitely be back and recommend, I'll hopefully make it on to the balcony next time. 
Cheers!Stumbled upon this place looking for a hamburger, this was pretty good overall. The Sazarac was lame, but I'm sure few people order it. I ordered a build your own burger which wonderful. The two patties were chargrilled perfectly and I added blue cheese and bacon it was accompanied by great sweet potato fries which were perfect. With the so few people the staff could be more friendlier but overall I would recommend this place.It's ALL good!! Nachos, wings, BBQ, hamburgers, and must have Debris Fries! Staff is awesome too!This place sucks! The service is horrible. The hostess had an attitude. The server got our orders wrong! It was just a mess.Was looking for a casual dining spot on bourbon street that had local fare and traditional American cuisine. What a find! The burgers are unique and absolutely awesome. Very pleased with this place and the service was excellent as well.These people are the worst. We came to have some beers and watch foot ball and they were hassling us the entire time about how much we would order. Extremely rude service, if you could call it that. Would never go back nor recommend this to a friend.I was looking to catch the 49er football game (not playing the Saints) on a Sunday afternoon.  I was referred to this place by someone at the Royal House.  
They have the "Sunday Ticket" so all games were on.... What a great place to spend the day watching football!
Being somewhat of a beer snob, I was politely surprised to find out they have perhaps the widest selection of beer on Bourbon Street!
Big Screen TV's everywhere, great beer selection, and even a clean restroom (uncommon for Bourbon Street).  
We tried one of their "debris fries" dishes... Basically a cast iron skillet with French fries, gravy, cheese, sour cream and roast beef pieces.... It was great watch the game with some beer food... We didn't try anything else... However, the food at neighboring tables didn't look that bad.I was in NOLA with some girlfriends for a fun time. I had a little too much fun on our second night out on Bourbon Street and was still sick as a dog come dinner time the next day (DINNER TIME THE NEXT DAY!! UGHH NEW ORLEANS). So I just wanted a greasy meal, my friend promised me that I would regret ordering the deep fried burger ("The Bayou") topped with deep fried onions and deep fried pickles. However, it was a magical, magical hangover cure that saved my night. So good, so bad for you, highly recommend trying it once, twice may cause a heart attack.Love this place!! Foods great!! burgers and wings are so big and taste are amazing!! If you're looking for a good burger spot this is definitely the place for youVisited NOLA for the day and was craving a burger. The atmosphere at Bayou Burger was awesome, burger not so much... We were served by a gentleman named Brandon who made all the difference at this restaurant. Probably best service you will find in NOLA.Ate twice here during our stay in NOLA. The gator traps are a great appetizer. Chef even came out to chat. The burgers are consistently good here.Great service ! Great food! Fun place to watch a game , just let the host know which game you are there to see and they will hook you up with a seat next to the TV where it will be on 
! Great Sunday footballI felt like we walked off Bourbon street and into burger heaven.  The gator burger was incredible!  The loaded fries were mind blowing.  We had a few other burgers and everyone was awesome.  This isn't just a great burger spot but a fun place to watch a game.  We were there during the LSU - Alabama game and the place was nuts.
This is a must try!  Please open one in PA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!