We just left this place. Absolutely horrible service.  Ordered the sweet corn and jalapeño hush puppies.  They were burnt to a crisp.   Never received our main entree. Avoid it all costs!!!! We left and are now looking for somewhere else to eat with more attentive service. Refuse to spend my money at such an inept place.Great ribs and even better entertainment. I was surprised with how good the band was going into a chain restaurant, but Charles Elam was amazing and hilarious! They have live music every night and every type of person comes to enjoy it. I highly recommend the entertainment and the ribs!Our service was great. The food was overpriced and pretty poor quality. I added the shrimp to my salad for $7. 6 tiny shrimp. The portion size was very small for almost $11. The house band was good but wouldn't go back for them.We had the best time! Go here and ask for"Hollywood". He took care of us and was so entertaining. We will definitely be back! Thanks Hollywood!!!Was craving BBQ and googled BBQ near me. This place came up. Had never been here before. Orderd the pulled pork platter. I was not disappointed. The meal was amazing and they have jalapeno cornbread which I love! Was here early evening so not crowded and not loud. The music is good and if you are lucky enough to Cath the band, you will here some fantastic local music to boot! Fun time!Absolutely delicious!  OMG the Chicken Fried Chicken was truly the BEST I have ever had...EVER!! It was served with this carmelized onion creamy gravy that I drank at the end. Service was perfect and the live jazz was outstanding. Great for kids too.Came here on a Thursday night.  Music was outstanding.  Good was good.  I can't believe the waiter got the order right over the noise level.  Props.  Would come back for the music and drinks.  Being from KC I am biased on BBQ do I comment.   Had the wings and catfish bites.  BothbwereWonderful atmosphere, wonderful food. Brisket is AMAZING. Chicken strips were good. Best part of the whole experience was our server Hollywood. Best service we've ever received. The food could have been terrible and I still would've rated 5 stars for atmosphere and service.
Go check this place out, and ONLY ask for Hollywood.Awful tourist trap. Came with our NOLA Krewe for drinks/appetizers. We were charged $3 a person cover charge...no live music happening; just pre-recorded Christmas music. When I questioned the staff, I received a snarky response; implying I was a Scrooge??? Actual service was okay, but expensive drinks and appetizer (Nachos) - serving was small for the price. Will never return to this place.BEST HURRICANES! Not too sweet but very strong and tasty! We went on a Saturday night and only wanted to get a hurricane to walk around with as we shopped.  There was an AMAZING jazz band playing so there was a cover charge ($3).  We walked up to the bar to order a drink and the hostess ran over demanding a cover charge even for just for a takeout drink.  We were about to walk out but the bartender was cool and made us drinks anyway. Worth the hurricane!! The hostess should chill out though. Thanks, bartender!!Sorry BB, the food here needs a lot of work. Brisket sliders were awful. Old, dry and thinly sliced. No flavor at all. I specifically asked for lean and what was served was far from lean. I don't remember the name of the burger but it was supposed to have mushrooms. When asked for them, the waitress offered to get the mushrooms but came back and said they were out. A small cinnamon roll was ordered but again, out of icing.  The bloody Mary's were good and the hurricane isn't too syrupy sweet so those are a plus. The music was very good so keep that going. Stop in for drinks and entertainment, pass on the food.Don't think this place is "commercial!" It was big, clean and the food was friggin' fantastic!
We were there on a night where the band was great and if the owners read this, Gerald needs a raise! He is the friendliest focker we met the whole time here and every recommendation he gave us was awesome!I loved the atmosphere of this place. The live music was excellent and provided for such a fun experience. The food was delicious, good gumbo and great drinks.Had a fantastic time. Thirsty is the best bar tender around. Funny and great drinks! Mojito was awesome.Great food!! Service could use some help. Great atmosphere for a night out, but not if you want to have a conversation with the person next to you. Music was way too loud. I ordered the shrimp po boy and gumbo. Po boy great! Gumbo a little too spicy. P.s. My daughter got the Mac and cheese and it was one of the best I've had at a restaurant.Great food, good music, fantastic service by our waiter, Hollywood!  The shrimp po boy dish with the sauce was very tastyNot a great experience. There was a cover charge and the band was on break the entire time. The service was awful. It took 15 minutes to get a glass of water, half an hour to get a drink. The tots were fine but the overall experience was unpleasant. I would not recommend this place to anyone.Go to B.B. Kings Blues Club and ask if Bar is working she's the sweetest! We had the best time here, the band was amazing and came out into the crowd and stood on chair and really captivated the audience! From the outside it looks very touristy, but we had an amazing time and the drinks and band was better than anything we found on Frenchman. I highly recommend you pay the $5 cover and check it out.Ate an early lunch at BBKing's. We were literally the first lunch customers of the day. The staff were coming in for the day and sorting out their shifts.
I had the shrimp and grits. This rendition had andouille sausage bites and okra with a little of the brown Cajun gravy. The shrimp were ok, the okra was fresh and very good, the grits were a great creamy base. Overall, pretty good. 
And, of course, the sweet tea was really liquid sugar with some tea flavoring the way most sweet tea drinkers like it. I had two glasses!
The waiter was attentive and we continued our walking tour of the French quarter happy and full.Came as a party of five for some dinner.  Good place to hear some music, but it means it gets hard to converse with people at the table. Everyone was pleased with their food. The ribs were amazing, definitely recommend them! Service was slow and spotty considering it wasn't that busy.Hey Everyone.  
I guess this is a must-see place when you go to New Orleans.  But I wasn't totally blown away.  I mean, the food was decent.  The service was decent.  The music was okay. We enjoyed ourselves.  But it's basically one big square room, with a tasty BBQ.  About what you would expect from a BBQ joint with live music.  
I kind of was hoping for something more? Maybe?  I try not to be too critical.  I mean, I cleaned my plate.  The meat slid off the bone and was hot and messy.  But there wasn't much on the plate.  Don't show up too hungry, because the portions weren't gigantic or anything.  And the ribs had a little bit of fat to them.  I guess I prefer more leaner ribs.
Our server was fast, and pleasant.  But the music was blaring and it was hard to order.  We moved from the front row to the middle of the room but still, it is one big wide-open square with a downstairs and an upstairs.  There was 1 or 2 people dancing (awkwardly) alone in the front.  So, ya - it wa kind of strange.  It felt like a bingo parlor on steroids, or an extreme version of a karaoke joint.  But we enjoyed it, so I am generously giving 3 stars.  
We don't plan on returning.  But if you go, I would say, sure. Check it out.LOVED the atmosphere! I can't express enough how much I loved the blue band that was playing, they were so talented. 
I ordered a regular order of the BB'S FAMOUS LIP SMACKING RIBS with a side of baked beans and potato salad.
The ribs literally fell off the bone, I have never seen that before.
The food was great, the service was great, and the music was fantastic!Food was great, live music awesome.  Definitely would come back. Place is clean ambience is great.Great food,great atmosphere!!! I had the ribs and they were pretty good.Live band was very entertaining,they even got everyone to join in and form a "Soul Train" line which was very entertaining.All in all I will return and support this new spot in the city.
7/15/16
So as I said in my previous post I did return and try to support this restaurant again.This time our experience was not so good.....
1. There was a $5.00 cover charge prior to entering.
2.We waited over 20 minutes to get our drinks which was just sweet tea
3.Food was cold 
Don't think we will be returning after this experience.The only good thing I can say at all was that the live music was great!  But hey, this is NOLA! I can find that everywhere, most certainly a few blocks down on Frenchman. The food was really bad. We were here about a year and a half ago and it was so much better. I'm not sure what happened??? The service was really bad. Our poor server didn't know anything we asked and had to check, got our order wrong, and seemed so clueless, God bless her heart. I would encourage you to eat elsewhere. There plenty to choose from.OUTSTANDING! We've been to BB Kings in NYC & Universal City Walk & THIS location here in New Orleans is by FAR the Best! Our bartender HOLLYWOOD is The Man, the drinks he crafted were consistent & well balanced, not to mention the Great conversation! Thank you for the genuine Southern Hospitality! We're coming back, FO SHO!Best Bloody Mary we have had in NOLA!  We did not eat but the menu is good and everything we saw come out looked delish.This was my first time and I absolutely love it. This was convenient and such an nice place. The workers there are friendly and treated my fiancé and I like we were at home. The food was amazing and the live band was sooooo awesome. I love this place.Service was slow, they were out of French fries on a Monday afternoon. No one let use know until after we ordered our food. Drinks to a while also.My first feeling was one of disappointment. While waiting to approach the host, the manager (I assume) walked past me and my party to an older white gentleman and immediately started to make conversation. He explained that they would be sure to accommodate him. Needless to say I was shocked and disappointed. Not one time did he acknowledge our family which was ahead of the white family. Once we were finally seated, we were placed in the corner by the speaker which made it difficult for us to have any conversation or really enjoy the company of our party. 
The food was hot and delivered quickly. The overall taste of our food was average- nothing spectacular but certainly not bad. Our waitress was really sweet. And the band was good. I think we would have enjoyed the band more if we weren't so close to the speaker. 
Throughout my duration there I continued to watch the man who I assumed to be the manager; people appeared to be taking cues from him (a middle aged man with black hair, slim build). 
His inability to acknowledge my presence and consider me and my family worthy of engagement suggests to me that I am not welcome there.The music was excellent with Marcella and Her Lovers group. Service was amazing the food was delicious. $6 absolute martinis made the evening complete. Beware of the steps walking upstairs - even before the martinis.It is all about the entertainment and definitely not about the food. If you like the Blues, you will hear them at BB Kings and experience them from the cuisine. The place really needs a cook.
Atmosphere      80     A small theater
Service             70     Not really
Food                 65    Get your drinks, plenty of them, first.
Value                70     You are paying for the band. 
Our mistake was that we went for dinner. This place is a touch of what New Orleans is all about - the blues and plenty of boos. Eat somewhere else.Great food. The crab dip appetizer rocks and the fried pickles with horseradish is also good. We shared the shrimp, catfish hush puppy platter. The hush puppies were moist and flavorful. Highly recommendedHollywood!!!! We are evacuees from Florida during hurricane Irma and Hollywood took fantastic care of us while we stopped in to eat. He was an awesome waiter and everyone should stop in for his great hospitality and kindness!! Thank you Hollywood!!!Drinks here are pretty expensive. They also didn't have happy hour prices.
Good part about this spot is that the servers and bartenders are extremely friendly and they are always willing to make the drink that fits your tastebuds.
If you love that bb king, john mayer style blues, you'll love it here! A lot of good blues performers who showed upWe are locals and have eaten and had great food and service 3 times since New Year's Eve so I knew this was the perfect venue for a birthday party/family reunion. I love this place, you get a HUGE bargain in food and music. The raw oysters are fabulous and hard to find on this end of the Quarter. We will all be back.Here it is, a simple and sweet review.
Food is good, staff is friendly and the live band was my favorite. The spot is loud.. but hey your in the city so just groove out over some good food!Went back tonight and they discontinued the prime rib!!! It was awesome. Also, it is obvious that the kitchen staff is inexperienced as the orders came out wrong. Both ribeye a were over cooked and well my order was not as I wanted. The chicken fried chicken was great but by the time I got my food I was just disenchanted with the whole experience . I won't be back for a long while. Sad, bc the music was great!3/17/2016 
We had the pleasure of going to this spot on St. Patty's day. We arrived at 5:45 and just in time to eat and see the BBKing all stars play.
Honestly, we didn't have much expectation wise in regards to the food, but had high hopes for the music. The band started playing and immediately I knew we were in for a treat. They are fantastic and play great blues and music I think everybody knew. They also have an amazing female singer. She is fantastic. The soul, vocal range and power this woman possesses left me stunned. I literally couldn't believe how great she sounds and as the night wore on her power and vocal range increased. I will be back and cannot say enough about the band. As for the food I ordered the ribs and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak with Mac n cheese. I also ordered a side of collards with my ribs. The chicken steak was cooked perfectly with a nice crust and great flavor, it sat on top of mac n cheese that had a nice crust of bread crumbs on top. My wife ended up eating the entire thing and I was lucky to be able to snag a bite, she loved it that much. The ribs were tasty, but I felt they needed a bit more salt, however that could just be me, but overall they were very good. The drinks were good and the service was as well. Overall a great night with great food and I happily can say I will be back.My friend and I popped into this joint to finish watching an NFL game. The bartender (Jerry) was GREAT, but the cleanliness of the bathrooms was even BETTER!Good little blues bar. Band was funny and very talented tonight. The food was good. I had the shrimp po boy. It was delicious the only thing I would've liked better was if the sandwich came with more than 5 shrimp. There is way too much bread, lettuce & tomatoes for only 5 shrimp. Otherwise, the po boy was seasoned perfectly and the Brad was soft and tasty. The cornbread was not good. It was hard. Idk about you but when I think cornbread I think soft & warm. This was neither.Sitting inside B.B. KINGS enjoying the live music experience but not great things to say about the food experience. I ordered the shrimp platter which had large shrimp but was "ok" overall. My wife ordered the Yazoo Catfish dish and it came out looking like Yazoo Guppy....The filet (if you can consider it that) was about 3"-4" long and didn't even look like a piece of fish. My wife asked about the size and was told by the waiter that that WAS the size that it was served. This plate cost $17.... She requested to change her order and the waiter, with a slight attitude obliged. The deal breaker was that my daughter ordered chicken tenders and requested a side of bar b que sauce. Her tenders came to the table without the side of sauce. We reminded the waiter and he said he would check on it. We had a large party so the waiter came back to our table several times to fill waters, ask if we needed anything, etc. We asked at least 3 times about the bar b que sauce and was told he was checking on it. Finally he came to the table to inform me that the kitchen told him that we had 20 orders ahead of us and that the sauce would "get here when it gets here....."  If you're coming here for the food, don't. This is New Orleans and great live music and food is available on every corner. Just saying....Live music was great. Friendly staff and delicious food. We had the bbq brisket and the shrimp and grits and highly recommend. Lots of drink options and great environment. Overall great experience!I went there last night and heard Eric Gales with the BB King All Stars. It was like the best music experience off my life. Eric Gales was phenomenal  it was crazy good. I had spent all day at jazz fest and my experience at BB Kings exceeded anything I saw all day. Thank you BB Kings. I will be back.We made our reservations in advance and three hours before called to add someone and it was no problem. We had seven for a birthday celebration. Right after we arrived a very large group for a bachelorette party arrived. I thought the food would be slow but is was quick. Everyone ordered drinks which came out cold and quick. My husband ordered a sidecar and the bar got it perfect. We had the BBQ pork nachos, crab dip and fried pickles for appetizers. The nachos are delicious. The pickles were good but I'm not a crab fan so I won't comment on that. We had a 3 1/2 year old and her food came out with the appetizers.  We had a variety of entrees including the melt in your mouth ribs, chicken, brisket and one person had soup. The ONLY complaint was they were stuffed. The entire evening the band played toe tapping, hand clapping sing along favorites. This is a great place for a celebration!Amazing, great show good food. Our server Paula was the best. Would go back just for her!!!!!Maybe it's just my bad luck in timing, but I've been to this and the club in Nashville on several occasions and I've yet to hear any blues. Maybe their logo should be B.B. King's "blues" Club. The band today specialized in some kind of cheesy 80s sounding soul. Strangely enough, when this place was a Jimmy Buffett restaurant instead of a "blues" club, they had good local blues musicians in the bar.
Enough of that. We sat at the bar, the bartender was a very nice guy named Jack, extremely knowledgeable about all things barley and hops. He was a lot of fun to talk to, and did a great job. They had a good selection of local brews, some I had not seen elsewhere in the quarter. We had some selections from the starters menu. They were all okay, small portions for the price. Starters here are about the same cost as meals at most similar locations.
Not bad, but with so many other choices nearby, no compelling reason  to go here.Food was overpriced (chicken sandwich and soda for one person was twenty bucks!) and not very good. Let's put it this way, I wish I'd gone to McDonalds. Music okay for some live playing during lunch but service slow. I won't recommend this place to anyone. I was tempted to just walk out a few times I was so sick of waiting for my server to appear. Nice place to chill on a hot day but that's it. Ugh!We were greeted very nicely and had nothing but great vibes about the restaurant. Upon getting our table and how we were greeted by our waitress, from there our service was pretty horrible. Took almost 40 minutes for our food to come out and our waitress attitude was extremely unpleasant. We had asked a simple question that required her to ask the kitchen and she acted like it was the most difficult thing she'd have to do that day. 
When taking our orders, she didn't write anything down. Our burgers came out wrong, fries were stale and cold. We had the Blues, Beale burger and the shrimp and grits.  Both burgers were flavorless and my shrimp and grits was definitely not worth $20. 5 pieces of regular size shrimp and a mound of grits. 
When asked to have our fries return and our order corrected, we were informed from the waitress that the manager of the establish refused to come check on her tables. Not sure what kind of establish this is, but I've NEVER heard of a manager refusing to come check on tables. This restaurant is a disgrace to BB King And the other restaurants around the country. We will not be returning to this restaurant, ever. Thank youThis was probably one of my favorite places that I visited in New Orleans. The atmosphere here was awesome with the live band playing during my dinner. I also had a seat by the window which was nice. The yazoo catfish creole dish I ordered was also absolutely delicious. The blacken catfish was perfectly cooked and the crawfish rice and creole sauce was good too. The service here was prompt and fast. I did not feel like I was being rushed out of the restaurant and it was nice to be able to enjoy my meal while listening to music. Overall, good food, good music, good service and good ambiance.They just made our day and our whole New Orleans trip so special!! We came in at very wrong time which was at 4:30 pm right between their shifts change. So first we had to wait for a long time to get served, but the waiter was professional enough to be very nice to us. He explained why and apologized. We loved the foods and the music. We especially liked the fact that they had Kids menu! Not a lot of live music bars would let you get in with your kids right? After we ate late lunch here, we decided to stay for dinner and another music live. The waiter escorted us to the best table section on the second floor while waiting for the music to start. The bartender lady was very sweet too. We had THE BEST time on our trip here! Classic oldies was so good. My 6 year old girl and I were dancing on the side of the stage and the sax guy noticed us and invited us on the stage! My girl was shy but for somehow managed to dance with the band on the stage and had a blast! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!I was so sad by the service I received at the bar today. I was super excited to go to a BB Kings since I had always heard such fun things about their establishment. Trust me, I will NEVER go to one again. My friend and I had a buy one get one free drink coupon. We both ordered a drink and the woman working the bar instructed us that one of us had to order two drinks to get the coupon so we did. After we ordered the third drink, the male bartender said we weren't able to use the coupon at all and began to confront us across the bar. When we asked to speak to the manager, they would not let us and the male bartender said just do what it takes to get them out of here. I wish I had never spent a penny in there and hope no one else ever does.Absolutely one of the best accidental finds EVER ! And the band is AWESOME! The crawfish poppers are phenomenal. I recommend the shrimp and grits.Love BB KIngs
We walked up and down and all around the French market shopping area, popping into various bars and getting our "to go" cups. 
We were tired and all we wanted was a NICE place to rest and have a martini
And boy did we luck out when we stumbled in to BB Kings.
First off, it was clean....
Most likely due to the fact it recently open, but clean bars in Nola are hard to find.
We wanted an espresso martini, which was not on the menu. So our bartender, Marcus, asked us to guide him on how to make it, and it turned out delicious. We named it "The Bride's Morning," as it was my bachelorette party and was a perfect hangover drink. 
The ribs!
Oh my.
Meat was falling off the bone. We could barely put the rib to our mouths without the meat Falling off. 
And not saucy either. I love a nice dry rub rib, where the quality of the meat can't be disguised in sauce.
Tommy, the owner was amazing, and if you get a chance, say hi to him. He's pretty funny. 
We actually went back a second day? On our 3 day visit, just because we had such a good time there the first day.
The value for your money was pretty good too. 
On the second day, we asked for a "to go" cup
No to go cups there, but Marcus ran across the street to ask a vendor for some to go cups and made It happen. 
I hope this place does well.We ended up at BB King's because they had a balcony where we could sit outside and still listen to the band inside while enjoying the sunshine.  Apparently we got there right after the lunch rush and they were in recovery mode because we sat there for about ten minutes before anyone greeted us.  The manager explained, grabbed us waters and said our server would be right out.  A while later, when the manager made another pass, she asked if anyone had helped us yet and reiterated she'd make sure someone came right out.  When the server finally got there she was clearly playing catch up and took our food and drink orders all at once. Everyone's drinks came out within a few minutes, except mine. Then our ap came out-catfish bites (which were very good) and she noticed I still hadn't gotten my drink (apparently I went bad ordering a mixed drink vs a beer), so she went back to check on it.  Shortly after everyone's food came out but mine. The guy that brought the food out asked if we had everything we needed, so I mentioned I was missing mine.  He shrugged and said he'd check with our waitress.  When she came back to check on us, realized I still didn't have my drink (we'd been there at least 45 minutes at this point) and I could tell by the face she made that she hadn't actually keyed my po-boy either. By the time she came back with my drink and my food everyone else at the table was done eating. *sigh*
After everyone waited on me to eat, it took another 30 minutes to get the bill figured out.  Actually, the manager swung by again to check on us and picked up the billfold and said something about splitting the check 54-46??  For a party of 4 (two couples) that struck me as odd, but it didn't matter because our server came back ten minutes later and asked if she could just split the check down the middle-so they hadn't even communicated about our bill at all.  Apparently BB King's is newer and still getting everything together, the food was fine, it was up to brand standard from what I have had elsewhere, but goodness are they disorganized! I would be hesitant to come back here when there are so many other great options in this area. Also, when you mess up someone's order that bad you really should do something to show you appreciate your customers. NOLA is huge, we didn't have to eat there, it would have been nice to not feel like asking to sit on the deck for a drink and a sandwich was an inconvenience to you.The best ribs and greens I've ever had! Our server apologized to us because we waited a very long time before getting any attention, she said she forgot we were in her 'section'. I believed her; she made up for it with excellent service. The live music was awesome too! Great place! Next time I'm in N.O. I will stop in for sure!We happened on BB's while wandering and sat just  inside by the bar. I had the pulled pork sandwich and my hubby had a burger. Both were very good, not fancy but just good food. We each had one of the moonshine drinks which were very good. As we were eating our food the band came back from a break and they were great, so we decided to move in near the stage.  The atmosphere was casual but fun.While on vacation, my wife and I stopped there to get dinner and listen to some old-school blues. We have made reservations there before we left. We got there the manager was outside well very welcoming the three dollar cover charge is by no means excessive seating is great review the stage from anywhere prices are very reasonable we spent less than $60 on drinks and food the band was amazing it was their house band playing great sense of humor just a good time blues experience. The reservation really was not necessary but it was nice to have the barbecue sauce is amazing the staff was courteous friendly and very attentive they make you feel like family thereWe came here on a Wednesday and we were impressed with the food, music and service. One of the best spots in New Orleans to eat and listen to music. Would come again.Look. I am not one to judge this adversely. However. First, there was a cover charge that was not advertised. Not a big deal. What was the deal breaker? We were seated in the worst seat in the house next to the window basically with a table so close to us (and in front of us) that we couldn't see anything. And the ridiculous volume of the "ok" band. Turn the bass down... it's just not that important. BUT the real clincher was the asshole manager telling me how I should have registered my complaint. Then, he marched me to the cash register to basically brush me off without an apology or anything. He did give my money back and seemed pissed that I was even complaining. Truly over commercialized and second rate all around. And get a new manager... how embarrassing.First time in bb Kings today our server Hollywood did a fantastic job the debris fries were an awesome app and the beef brisket melt I had was phenomenal!! I would come back again for sure great music tooStopped for a drink while shopping at the French Market. My wife doesn't care for horseradish and Kolin made the most awesome custom bloody Mary's for her !!!!First off the music at this place was AMAZING.. we would have stayed the entire night if it weren't for the bartenders terrible cocktails and short pouring drinks. We wondered why the drinks weren't strong. Can't even fill a shot glass when we order a shot. UNBELIEVABLE!!Ok... I loved and hated my experience here.  Let me explain a bit.
Cons:
- Our service was horrible.  I was parking the car (which took a bit) and when I came back the waitress took my drink order (everyone else had their drinks) and I put in an appetizer order.   When we did not want to order our actual food yet she got all huffy.   We wanted to sit and enjoy the meal, not have our meal come out as our appetizers did.   Then we asked to move to an empty table not in front of the A/C vent - keep in mind they weren't overly busy.  She said yes and ran off... Well, the table was obviously dirty so we waited till she came back for it to be wiped down.   She came back with our food and was irritated we had not sat at the dirty table yet... 
She then wiped the table down, put our food down and stormed off.  Did not ask if we needed anything.  Which we did - one of our party needed silverware.   We waited for a few minutes and I could not get her attention so I walked up and asked for some.  She stated she would be with me in a moment... waited another ten minutes.  I finally went up to the hostess and got my niece something to eat with.   
I had to wave her down for drink refills and even then I got the in a few minutes response....  Not once did she ask hour our meal was.   It was horrible customer service and it lowered my rating from a 5 to a 3.
Pros:
- Food - the food was super tasty and everyone chowed theirs down.  I had the ribs and they were fall off the bone good!
- Music - We listened to a little of two different bands sets and both were fabulous.   We enjoyed the music and the atmosphere.
- Age - we had 17/18 year old girls with us.   Being able to get the in and have them experience the music was a + .  Most places seem to be 21+ if they have live music here.Do not waste your time. The place was 1/3 full and it took the kitchen over 60 minutes to prepare and deliver our food. Party of 5 on A Sunday afternoon. Very disappointed, would not recommend to anyone. It's a shame the name BBKing is represented by this sad establishment. The server wasn't concerned until I requested to speak with the manager. Servers need to understand customers don't want excuses, but action. Over priced food, terrible excuse driven service and a very long wait!Small cover charge was well worth it!
Ordered ribs (really good) and a chicken sandwich that was even better! Portions were definitely on the small side, but the quality was top notch!
We were looking for a late nite dinner and music spot- this was perfect.
Service was very good- despite it being a loud environment with live music playing.We stumbled across this place while in a bus tour and were very glad to have done so. The live music was a bonus. We enjoyed our food. However, we didn't have anything to really compare it to. Dont think it was necessarily outstanding fare.  But the meals for lunch were a good portion and tasted pretty good. We didn't try any of the alcoholic beverages. But they have a full service bar. We would go there again. Ambiance was great for lunch.The atmosphere was great good music we had good seats so I was excited but it took forever to get a waiter for drinks let's not get started on the wait for food ..and it wasn't a lot of people in there...if it wasn't for the good music I would have left...I was recently emailed by a member of management. The message was so very kind. She assured me that the issues would be worked on. I appreciate this kind of service. I'm adding a star for that!Three friends and I walked an hour from our hotel to this club to see Aiden Anderson perform a booked show. When we got there, we ran into Aiden outside leaving and we were informed that the drunk lead singer of another band kicked him off the stage and canceled his show.  He spoke to the manager who was also drunk and he also refused to allow him to play his booked performance. We left immediately and will not be patronizing this bar.I went there to celebrate my graduation with my family. What started off as a great dinner ended up as one of the worst experiences of my life as far as dining. My graduation gifts were stolen from the table and management has refused to help and even speak to me. Chris the GM Jeff and another manager have refused to talk to me when coming in, put it off on another manager and disrespected me in conversation and lack there of. Due to the location of our table, it's safe to say, an employee stole the gifts. I will never go there again. This is in no way a reflection of the city. I work in the service industry and dine out frequently. It's a reflection on this establishment. 
Please do not take your business there. New orleans has so many good food options s from places that won't take your money AND YOUR GRADUATION GIFTS.Amazing band! I never wanted to leave but my boyfriend was tired of sitting with me for couple hours till the band left for the night XD I will definitely come back! Great vibes + great music = great night and sweet dreams with a smile on my face. The ribs we ordered was awesome, the meat literally fell off the bones and was juicy and tasty. Other food was good but not as memorable. I ordered two beers, cannot remember the names, but be sure to ask for the draft beer selection of the season, or even tell the server your favorite and they will make a good suggestion. Also great service from our server Aaron (very cute smiles)!! I'm just one happy and satisfied customer~Our server was the only person working the tables. She was running ragged trying to keep up while the other employees stood around. Food was over priced for the French Quarter. There is much better restaurants in the area with better prices. Beer selection was lacking as well. As a plus, the musicians were great.We only had appetizers but both were surprisingly good.  The shrimp skillet is delicious as was the catfish fingers.  The wait staff was very nice and helpful.Went here during a trip to New Orleans to see some Mardi Gras parades.  Overall the food was really good!  Had the BBQ chicken and ribs dish with the fried pickles.  The pickles were nice and crispy and the BBQ sauce was not to sweet and not too tangy.  The ribs and mashed potatoes were my favorite things of the meal.   My friend has the mac and cheese and she said that was super good.  They had a live band and that made the experience even better.   Overall the service was pretty good and I will definitely go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.It's pretty good for what it is. The music is run of the mill "blues" standards. The band is ok, but never really grabbed the crowd. In New Orleans there are so many places to hear GREAT music - this was appropriate for what it is; a tourist restaurant. I highly suspect locals do not frequent this place.
The food was pretty good, again it was appropriate for what it is; a tourist restaurant. I had the Chicken fried chicken which was pretty darn good. Great breading, but they skimped on the gravy. That didn't bother me because the barbecue sauce on the table was pretty darn tasty on it. The chicken fried chicken comes with mac n cheese (which was not bad, but not OMG amazing either) and grilled veggies which were perfectly cooked and a tasty lightness to go with all the fried and cheesy goodness in the plate. I also ordered a dinner salad which was a $3 up charge but it was a decent salad so I was pleased. It was iceburg lettuce but had tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, cheese and a banana pepper on top. I was craving some veggies after weeks of New Orleans rich and heavy eating. It hit the spot.
I was very happy with the service. When I was seated I asked for the most obscenely huge glass of water they could find. I was hot, and thirsty, and dehydrated after a night of drinking the night before and about 2 miles of wandering the Quarter this morning She brought me a glass and a pitcher, which she gladly refilled without me having to ask. In my opinion the mark of a great server is one that pays attention to my glass being half full. Jackson, you earned your 30% tip!
The long and short of it is this place will do. There is music you can tap your toes to, the food is decent and not horribly overpriced for a tourist restaurant. It isn't the classic New Orleans experience, but it's a decent place to grab some grub, listen to music you probably can sing along with, and have good service.The fam and I enjoyed our experience here.  The service was great.  Food and drinks came out quickly.  I tried the BBQ chicken breasts, collars greens and coke slaw.  Gotta say,  I was pleasantly surprised by the how well seasoned and how much flavor the greens had!  For me, the greens alone are worth going back for.  Not everyone can get those collards just right.  The chicken breasts were very tender and moist.  Win!  The live music was great and made for an overall cool night out.  I will most def go back.Cool place . Good music and the food was tasty. Service a little slow but with good music and cold beer who cares.The atmosphere is awesome! The band was great and our waiter Josh was great as well. The food not so much. I had the turkey platter with greens and garlic mash potatoes. When I got the plate I had potato salad. Thought it was an accident and let the waiter know. He went to go ask and was told they had run out of garlic mash. They should have let the waiters know so that they can tell the customer ahead of time---management problem. Turkey was super dry.  My husband had pulled pork with coleslaw and baked beans. He got potato salad as well. He did get his coleslaw which according to him tasted like it had sat out too long. I have to say that Josh tried to accommodate me by offering me a different side order and that was cool. Entertainment was great and service was great, but food was not which is why the 2 stars onlyStopped in after lunch just to take a load of and have a beer. Band playing and stayed a couple of hours. Really good staff so we came back later after a ghost tour and caught another band. Cover charge at night so daytime night is a less expensive option.