This place is a decent bar, with a great burger. Although it isn't quite as good as port of call, I'd say the patty is at least as good. Nevertheless the cheese and bun are only 2nd best. Try the bacon blue cheese fries. those things rocked.Literally one of the best burgers I have had in my life. sassy bartenders... get over it.The guy who cooks is a total douche! Maybe management shouldn't allow employees to drink on the job.I have been here nunerous times and he's always drunk or well om his way .They (the cooks) Don't use gloves i have worked with ppl with his attitude in the service industry before ppl like him do nasty crap to peoples food.Hysterical that the bartenders use shot glasses to make drinks lol .That is so unprofessional.That really sucks for regulars you should always take case if your regular clientele service industry 101This is the place to go for a burger.. well I am going to call it the BEST I've ever had.. the broccoli bites pretty tasty too. This place is a must.God I love this place. For the price, you can't beat it. Hell, even if you're on a diet, you can grab the grilled chicken sandwich--which is like 2/3 a chicken breast--for only 7 bucks. If you order a blue cheese burger, it comes overflowing with that crumbly white cheese. The burgers are incredible and the drinks are cheap.
The downside is that the physical place itself kind of sucks. It's not that comfy, and I never felt like spending that much time there. I usually grab takeout and head home with it....and then I'm not hungry for 6 hours. I'm giving it five stars because at these prices, you can't get anything tastier. 
Oh god I want more bacon cheese fries.Typical bar....they have seating outside with lights and a fan available. Staff was friendly and drinks and food was good. A big downfall is that there's no parking.Burgers are good, not great. But good enough. Portions are huge so it's great after a night out on the town. Only thing is, you have to hope the kitchen is open. We have tried to eat here several times and the kitchen has been closed when it was advertised as always open. 
It's a hole in the wall pretty much w 2 pool tables. Not a lot of excitement unless you count the gals waiting on you wearing lingerie as such. It kinda felt dirty but it did the trick for a burger, beer and a game of pool on a random night.Solid food but man what terrible service. The bartender rushed us, cut us off and generally acted like she didn't want us to be there. She yelled across the bar about "how fucking shitty" her coworker was cursing multiple times. She even said "fuck no" when we asked if they had broccoli aside from the broccoli bites app. I've been to many bars that make their own apps and that doesn't seem like an unreasonable question, he'll even if it was that's not an appropriate response to a customer. Probably won't be backAAH the Beach Corner.  When I lived in Lakeview this was a frequent spot for me.  Now that I am a bit older I don't get to come as much as I would like but it's still a solid little joint.  The food is really good.  They make a mean burger and cheese fries.  If you are hungry and in the area, I recommend grabbing a bite here.  Service gets a bit slow when they are super crowded but it is still efficient.The Beach Corner is a fixture in a memory bank.  I have had many a good time in this place in other life.  If you're looking for a place to grab drinks and shoot pool, this could be the place for you.  There isn't anything special about this place except the people and the tuna.  Order the tuna steak sandwich or the tuna salad...this is what can draw you in like a moth to a flame.  It's wonderfully delicious.  
This place is typically crowded with regulars, but it's not overwhelming.  It's a staple bar in Mid-City and while it may not become your new watering hole, it's still worth checking out.  There is also a lingerie show a couple of nights a week if that's your thing, too.Why is anyone eating this mess?  Burger devoid of flavor, covered in chalky shredded cheese, mushy tuna & frozen sides.  Literally 11people walked in and ordered water and food.  Not here to drink, so i assume food is the attraction. Quote of he night:  oops, i forgot your cheesefries in the microwave - nuff said.  Blech, yuck and forget this joint.great burgers with great atmosphere. I stop here at a spert of the moment to watch the saints game and im glad i did. friendly patrons and staff during a home game it wasnt elbow to elbow. have had a chance to go back for an away game but it will be soon....Beware of this place!!! We had some drinks and cashed out at the end of the tall waitresses' shift so we could tip her. The new girl that came on did not even serve us one drink and I found out on my online banking that she ripped me off $43.50!!!! How pathetic! I repeat......DO NOT USE YOUR DEBIT CARD AT THIS BAR!!!!Great Happy hour, great burgers, pool tables, and familiar faces.  What more do you need in a neighborhood bar?
My wife and I go about once a week and we have never been disappointed.   If you live in the Mid-City/Lakeview/Bayou St. John area, I highly encourage you to come and relax and this no frills lounge.being an out of town-er, I just had to stop, why ?because the cemetery sits  rite  next to the bar, from the patio you can see it. There for I had to go. The bartender was friendly, and the establishment was clean. I would go back again.The food here use to be so good.The grilled tuna was excellent.The last couple of times it sucked the fish was way strong the lettuce and tomatoes were limp and old:( I miss my tuna sammy.Most of the staff isn't very friendly but I'm going there to eat not drink so i can overlook it.First off let my say this is a burger bar. I read a lot of reviews on here and it seemed most were due to the lack of servers since they only have bartenders. You order at the bar and pickup at the bar. I ordered the bleu cheese burger which was really good. It is only 21 and up so no kids allowed. 
Pros
Service was great
Burgers were good 
11am - 7pm happy hour
Cons
No wait staff
Dive bar interior but cleanGreat neighborhood dive bar. Good burgers and fries for reasonable prices. Perfect stop after Jazzfest or a night of barhopping. Love the casual dive atmosphere. Been here sev times and would def go back again.Really good burger for a good price! Fresh cooked to order, nice staff. Good place to hang out. Pool tables, darts, etc.Very bad service, very negative energy. Good burgers, but not the best in the city and not worth the unpredictable service you will get. I have been going for 4 and half years now, and last night I finally realized it is not worth it. One day the service is great, one day ok and one day bad. In Mid-City Bayou Beer Garden has a good burger, great service and a lot more of a beer selection. Beachcorner has very few maybe 4 and when they get upset when you order a mixed drink.There is also a Wine Garden next door to Bayou Beer Garden with a new amazing menu and great wine choices. They also have a high standard of customer service there as well. Mid City is great, but to ensure a good time stay away from places like Beachconer who refuse to change their low standards of service and selection. Have fun!Beachcorner is right across the street from my gym so I walked in one day after craving a burger.
It's very dark inside - no windows, but there are a ton of TV's so that helps. It's a big place - the bar is in the front with other booths and tables, and there are more tables and games in the back. I sat at the bar and counted about 20 other patrons, all of which were men. Plus me. And a couple young, attractive female bartenders. 
It definitely seemed like a boys club. The guys seemed to know each other, as though they went there often. No one was rude but the vibe in the place did make me somewhat uncomfortable. I ordered a margarita and a burger, ate what I could, and then left.
The service was good and the burger was okay...I don't know if I'd call it the best in New Orleans (still trying to find that one), but it was huge and I doubt I even ate half of it. I'd go back here with a group to watch a game or something, but I don't know if I'd go back by myself. Maybe the nights are different than the after work crowd. We'll see.New Orleans is surprisingly to many to be a heck of a burger town. That said, many may find it surprising that the Beachcorner consistently delivers one of the best burgers in town. Catch them on the right day and you might eat the best burger you have had in awhile. They have many combinations from plain to bacon cheese to hot & spicy, they are all good. I wouldn't say this place is kid friendly but it is full of friendly people and the staff can be engaging. I am not a regular at this establishment, but when I am in this part of town and burger crave hits this is where I go.Absolutely  great burger...grilled to perfection.  If I had one suggestion,  it would be for them  to put salt and pepper  on the burger  when  it's cooked. Great cosmopolitan and good price for happy hour. Mozzarella  cheese sticks could have cooked about 39 seconds more,  but were good.Good burgers, otherwise standard bar-food. The Mr. likes the place, but that's probably only because they have bikini contests. Hm...This was a great tasting burger...excellent size and quality. The service is slow. I was alone at the bar with nobody arround and it took 45 minutes to get a burger. The menu only has kids food; e.g. burger, etc.
Here is the problem! The very nice young man who was working the bar, working the cash register, and cooking the burgers never washed his hands. He would make change at the cash register with dirty paper money, turn and with the same hands put some garnish in a basket for a burger after touching the filthiest thing on earth...our greenbacks. Then he would pick up the used cups at the bar where the patrons have placed their mouth and hands, wipe off the bar with a wet dirty rag, and then go back and handle the food without getting near the sink and washing his hands. In between he would fondle his nose and pick his butt. Maybe this is a great place to build up immunity from all the bugs that NOLA offers and that is what they are trying to do. But I will not go back. Once you have "seen sausage made", you never go back. I saw my burger made and I had to think twice about eating it. I am not sure why I did. Missed breakfast and this was a late lunch...had no control. Burger just looked great in spite of its origins.My first visit to New Orleans I was fortunate enough to have locals show me around. My boyfriend, a local thought it would be adorable to take my low tolerance to Bourbon Street and shoe me some of the delights of the city.  After corralling me for two hours this situation became a little more than anyone could handle so his brother decided I needed some greasy food in my system.  Needless to say this review will be vague because it is a bit fuzzy.
The atmosphere was great with a jukebox and very nice people.  Our bartender was very patient as I attempted to order the entire menu before settling on a cheeseburger, onion rings, and cheesy fries, I was sharing- don't judge!  The burger was like heaven at that moment.  It was thick and juicy- and calmed me down nicely after a long day of New Orleans.
The number one compliment I can give this location is the next morning I was not sick. I woke up and only felt dirty from the lack of shower.  The burgers did their magical job and saved me from the hangover I deserved.  That is priceless!Great for late night eats with quick service! I live close and when I have a craving, the hickory smoked cheddar burger always hits the spot! The yellowfin tuna steak is good too!This is one of my favorite burgers and cheese fries in the city! Always good and spiced right whenever I have sat down at this great dive bar. It's a tradition for me and my uncle to come here after picking up our numbers from the crescent city classic. Perfect carbing up burger. Made to your order and always spiced just right and just the perfect combination of cheddar cheese placed on it. Can not say this enough, this is a great hideaway dive bar that has cheap drinks and amazing burgers!Pros
----------
- Consistently the best burgers in New Orleans.
- Casual atmosphere
- Fast and friendly service
Cons
---------
- The music is usually pretty bad.
- Really limited draft beer selection
- Parking can be awkward during peak times
If you're here for any other reason aside from the burgers -- you're doing it wrong. Go eat one. Thank me later.This place is such a dive but I love it!!! The burger may be...hands down...the best one Ive ever had! It is so yummy. Always perfectly seasoned and prepared. The ambiance aint much but its a cool spot to grub on a huge burger and fries while having a drink and watching the game. You gotta try it! Promise you wont just go once.This is the place to go when you want a Big affordable burger. The Burger is 10oz of Beef served on a regular bun. They offer a varitey of toppings and cheese. The salads are big, chicken tenders come buffulo or regular, drinks are good with great prices. I ordered a burger, Long Island Tea and my total was 10 bucks. This is a nice place to come with a few friends, shoot some pool, order a burger, have some drinks and listen to some music. Beware of seating if you go late in the evening, it get crowded at about 7:00. Parking is on the street, but there is always a spot.Great burger.  I mean great.  The burger was as big as my head, no joke.  The bacon cheese fries were outstanding.  I would definitely go here again!Despite one of their coolers being out they were still serving from it. The lettuce and tomato were rancid, the ranch dressing had spoiled and my girlfriend got violently ill from one bite before we figured it out. When the server was told she replied that it had been out for a while but they didn't think it mattered much. They are lucky we did not call parish health services on them. Never again. Never.This place was recommended to us by a local who we met at another bar. We were looking for late night eats. While the atmosphere is divey, the burgers are very good! Especially for the price. We weren't going for the ambience so this fit the bill perfectly. Cheap, fast and tasty!!One recent evening after working out I was waiting for the Canal Street Car and the oh-so pleasant smoky aroma in the air led me straight across the neutral ground and into Beachcorner Bar & Grill.  Burgers seemed to be the specialty and calling card of the place - it it called ", the "Home of the 10 ounce Beachburger" -  and so I ordered one w/ bacon and cheddar and a side of onion rings. Overall, my entire meal was the very meaning of average and quite far from special. First off, the generous serving of onion rings was just this side of overcooked. Maybe 30 seconds less in the fryer and they would have been amazing. As for my burger: despite the promise from the smoky air that Pied Pipered me to the Beachcorner in the first place, it was surprisingly ordinary. First off the actual burger was just plain bland. The addition of even a mere dash of salt & pepper would've done wonders. For some reason they use shredded cheddar, which in by book is not optimal but far from a crime. The problem is that the cheese was not melted. Ugh!  Now add to all of this the fact that bacon bits instead of strips are used and you have a major issue. The pork bits did pack some flavor, but with the cheese not melted the bacon couldn't adhere to the burger. Double Ugh!  Without a doubt one of the most frustrating burger experiences I have ever had, especially because the expectations were so high. And the expectations could have been met - with both the sandwich and the onion rings - if there was simple execution. I'm not sure if I'll plan a return to the Beachcorner, but if I'm in the vicinity and smell that smoke again, their chance for a second chance is decent.  Maybe they'll get it right next time.  
I rated this place 3 stars becuase 2-1/2 is not an option.  Rounding up was due to the fact that I kinda liked the dive-like atmosphere.This place has the worst bar food I've ever had the miserable displeasure of forcing down my gullet.I grew up eating, especially in Mid City. Taking the old streetcar to Canal St to see movies and shop back then and eating at the old Beach Corner.Now I stop in what is the reincarnation of that old place a few feet from the original. All I have had here  is the burger. No real urge to try anything else. The Hickory Sauce is close to Bud's so get it on the side. The price is lower then other big burgers in Mid City, burger bigger and better. If it is burger you crave this is the spot in Mid City to stop in andlove the small enviroment not too busy and the bartenders are nice burgers are huge good place to go drinking without the crazy college kids crowdBeen coming here for a long time and never disappoints....bacon cheese fries are sinful.This is a great neighborhood establishment, been around for a while.  The food is really good, mainly the sandwiches & burgers.  Just make sure you tell them how you like it prepared.  The staff is very friendly which makes for great service.  Though smoking is allowed, you don't leave here smelling like smoke (at least not during lunch).  But the new ordinance will kick in very soon, so smoking will not even be an issue.  Many TVs around most of the time all have a sports channel on.  Highly recommended.Holy moly, this was an amazing lunch. Ordered at the bar and sat down at a booth, got the Grilled chicken mushroom and Swiss sandwich with an appetizer of chicken quesedilla egg rolls (flautas). DELICIOUS.  Shot a game of pool in the back of the bar.  21+ to enter. Great moderate noise level, friendly staff, good lighting, cleans bathrooms, stocked pool table.We read a lot of good reviews and decided to bring a party of 15 here. We called ahead and told them we would be arriving in 30 minutes. When we arrived, there was one person handling the whole place. While she worked her tail off to get beverages and food out for us and their other customers, when we would ask about the status of some meals we got a lot of justification for running behind when all we wanted (in the spirit of being supportive of this one person band) was to know when the food would be up (we were on a timeline and needed to be able to leave 70 minutes after arriving. Food was typical fried fare. Salsa from a jar (most likely) taquitos from the freezer. Burgers are probably what is freshest and best (wings too if you like spicy). Potato skins were ok. Salad was mediocre.Good spot for a cheeseburger/cheese fries-soak-up-everything-from-last-night meal.  The cheese fries are ridiculous.  The size that is.  I'm pretty sure there's an entire pound of shredded cheese on top and I wouldn't have it any other way.  
They serve food late but one time I brought friends in for burgers and they said they don't serve those late, just the fried stuff.In my search for the best burger in NOLA . I read where Beachcorner had a good burger.
If you can get over the smoke filled place it would be an average burger.
It was cooked well but had very little flavor served on a sesame bun which I like .
This is one of those places that when you leave ...ALL of your clothes smell like smoke.
Sorry I would not recommend this burger not just because of poor ventilation but quality in the meat was not good.I have always loved Beachcorner, but this weekend sucked. We had a 5 person to go order. The very unpleasant lady behind the counter didn't read that the order was to go. She was pissed! She started slamming stuff around. Due to some food allergies, we couldn't fix her mistakes in the different temperature burgers. Y'all really need to bring in some friendly staff.Beach burger, dressed, side of fries.... delicious! Tied with port of call and snug harbor for best burger in the city!This is my favorite late-night food spot in Mid-City. I love their fried shrimp! You order at the bar, and the food is usually fast. They have a ton of booths that no one is ever using, so there's always plenty of seating. They also have pool tables in the back and a bunch of huge TVs.The outside of this place is deceiving! The burgers are awesome, cheap but good drinks, and very clean on the inside. Bartenders could've been a tad bit friendlier but that's my only complaint!I had heard really good things about their burgers and finally gave it a try. So glad that I did! The server was extremely sweet and very helpful when it came to my order. I had the bacon burger, and must say for a bar and grill that is probably one of the best burgers in this city!! Definitely will be back!BEST BURGERS IN TOWN!   also...great cheese sticks, awesome service and low key location.Very laid back, reasonable prices.  Wait staff very friendly. Plays 80-90's music. 2 pool tables and darts.New discovery by me during the beer marathon last time home in New Orleans. We just finished a long night of drinking at the Dog and we were starving. South of the border was a bit too far so lucky us this place was right around the corner. 
Do food taste better when you're drunk? I must say we were blasted the first night we were here and yeah that spicy sausage burger was ROLLIN'. 
The next time I was here I was nice and sober, well at least when I was eating the burger. Yep it was just as good. 
So if you're around city park and you got the munchies =) this would be the place to stop. 
Bonus: they serve their draft in frozen mugs. Huge plus in my booksGreat low key spot to hang out. If you're looking for a late night spot to chat, play a little pool without all the fuss, this is your place. Has a "Cheers" vive to it. Great burgers. Make sure you specify HOW you want it cooked (well done, medium etc.) The door is tinted; they looked closed but are not.Neat atmosphere, best burger I have had in a long time. The service is marginal however.The burgers are really good but the staff consistently looks/seems like they hate being there - really would a smile hurt??????Awesome burger. Local joint with TVs for games outside. What mire could you want? Burger rating from a burger snob.Went for the burger, which was good but not Great. Frozen onion rings - not my thing. They have all the classic toppings that have been around and on every restaurant menu in America. Again, good, not great.There is a lot going on with the Beach Corner. First, it really should be called the Graveyard Neighbor not Near Any Beach or Corner Lounge. Second, Its a Cop bar, not that that is necessarily a bad thing. The bar has ZERO personality. Even less so than WItt's Inn. Neon everywhere, Tv's everywhere, Super bright( hey, maybe thats where they get the name, cause its like bright enough you think its high noon on a hot beach). 
   The bar is huge. Booths on the right as you enter, long bar that raps around at the en to make it a giant J shape. Two pool tables and a dart board with GOBS of room to play. I'd like to see a fooseball table, a Shuffleboard table added, Dog knows they have room. 
   They only hire bar maids, and poor ones at that. So don't expect to get a nice drink here. Doubly so as they pour short( 1.5oz if your lucky). Grab a beer, the girls can handle that( Thank Heaven they don't have to pour a Guinness!). Prices for drinks are pretty standard, a bit on the higher end for the neighborhood. 
   What the Beach Corner does best is their Burger. Certainly one of the best in New Orleans. As Ronnie stated, the dressing of it is lacking. Its a giant 10oz burger piled with shredded unmelted cheese. I don't understand this whole thing about cold cheese on a hot burger, but its a big thing down here in New Orleans. The big easy just has to be different about everything, even if its stupid. Fries are average, Onion Rings are good. Full menu of bar food. Good food prices. 
    I hit up the Beach Corner frequently for the food. I don't enjoy drinking there or watching sports. It has never been busy when I go in, and I have been at least a score of times. I certainly recommend the Beach Corner for the grub. Anything else, not so much.First of all this is a bar so don't bring your kids! Hands down one of the best burgers in the city no matter which one you get. An institution for Mid-City dwellers.The food maybe good... But the service sucks. They are not prepared for any size group nor are they pleasant.   
We called up front to let them know a group was arriving.  They don't give a rats a$&!
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!Just left and was irate. My review is about the bartender I unfortunately had. I don't know her name but she was middle aged and had very short brown hair. She just came off bitchy from the start (I had only ordered a shot). When it came to close out she brought my friends check too. She said she wasn't closing out, and she still kept persisting that the card given wasn't running (an unactivated gift card) and she said she would be paying cash when she was ready to settle the tab. Woman said- OK it's 35.50
She obviously wasn't listening or caring. She was very rude and unpleasant. It's upsetting cus I will likely never go back simply because she was so unpleasant I still feel my blood boiling.This is the place to go if you want the pound for pound best burger in new orleans.  The key is getting it medium rare, since the burger is massive.  You get all juices from the burger, which the grated cheese and they use a quality bun.  It's an outstanding burger.  Cheese sticks are the bomb also.  It's a hang out spot for cops so you get an interesting crowd.  You have 2 pool tables in the back, and plenty of tvs to watch a game.  I came in for a NBA playoff game, and they turn off the music and let me listen to the game.  Very nice staff, I've never had a bad experience at the beach corner.Where do I begin?! Wonderful food and great atmosphere. They're popular for their burgers but I've gotten the fried green beans, mozzarella sticks, onion rings and chicken tenders. They're all great. Pool tables available as well as an outdoor area with a tv for games. The bartenders tend to take a little while to come back around to you but it was still a fun place to be. Good for game days or even weeknights.Best burgers in town, in my opinion. Far better than Port Of Call. I always seem to have good luck on the pool tables in this place. It's one of my favorite spots to for burgers & drinks.After a terrible altercation here months ago I thought hard about writing this review. I tried to go back recently but I really couldn't so I went somewhere else. I got treated horrible and I had to witness the staff treat someone else horrible.  I will probably never go back here and not because of the food or drinks. The burgers are hands down delicious!  The alcoholic beverages are again hands down good!! But they get a one star from me because of their customer service and how terrible they treated me that day of the altercation with another customer. I came here on a Friday night and the atmosphere was pretty odd. I felt like we should have left but my friends really wanted to try the burgers. It took the bartender a minute to make our drinks and we were right in her face and she did not right away acknowledge us.  It was ok though, until there was an altercation with one of their customers supposedly throwing a drink on someone else. Stuff exploded and instead of their staff being considerate of the person that told them that they did not throw the drink,  the whole entire staff totally escalated the situation for the worst!  Over and over again they VERBALLY bashed this lady about how wrong she was and I did not see a drink anywhere. I wanted to close out and leave and so the bartender definitely had a nasty attitude towards me and I had nothing to do with the situation. She actually had got mad because my friends went to check on the person and i had to charge all our meals on my card so nothing escalated further. I was shocked because last year the atmosphere was totally different so i did not understand why the staff did not assess the situation better. They stirred up so much mess and made the situation worst. I did not feel like they cared about the service of their customers. The customer service was not good overall. I was hoping this did not happen due to the color of our skin but I couldn't help but feel that was why.  I won't be back! sORRY! The burgers are good. The drinks are good. The customer service and the way they treated me (i spent some money) made me not want to spend any dollars here again. I hate to give a negative review but it's been on my heart the whole time and honestly i feel stupid for ever mentioning going here.Ok, Beachcorner has a special place in my heart because it was the place I had my first "Burgers & Beer" with my husband. We come here every time we are in town as a remembrance ritual for the last 16 yrs. I'm a native New Orleanian and could choose from a number of burger joint if the Beachcorner dropped their standards or was less than when we first went in 2001.  
Prior to the Beachcorner taking over the establishment it was Robert's (Ro-bears). We spent many a night there in the 70s-80s dancing and ending the night with the same delicious burger! 
The menu has broadened and if I ever moved back I'd explore it more. But after 20 + yrs of a consistently good, mouthwatering 10oz cook to perfection burger, well, need I say more? Bon Appetite burger fans!Always my favorite burger in the city, although I still have others to try.  They are very busy today due tongue World Cup, however, service is still top notch.  Beer (Abita Amber) is really cold, which is always a plus.  Not a whole lot of beers available on tap, but plenty in bottled.  Hamburger is great as always, really big and juicy with a great flavor.  A few downfalls about this place.  1.  No real bacon, just bits.  2.  Burger covered which shredded non melted cheese.  3.  No side items, on appetizer sizes which is entirely too much for one person.  The latter two seem to be pretty common in the area.  This place is a must visit if you are a burger lover like myself.  You will not be disappointed.
Let's not forget that this is a bar, a pretty darn good one at that.  A large shaped bar with probably 15-20 seats.  Also, about 5 or 6 large booths to sit at as well, but don't expect them to come serve you. If you want something, you must go to the bar to order it.  3 video poker machines, gold tee, bowling, and a couple of pool tables in the back and a kick ass digital jukebox to go with it.The food maybe good... But the service sucks. They are not prepared for any size group nor are they pleasant.   
We called up front to let them know a group was arriving.  They don't give a rats a$&!
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!Food was decent service was bla.. great place to watch a game. Probably won't go back.I came because my friend loves the burgers here. I ordered a cheeseburger- cooked medium, to go, and when I was home, I cut it in half and saw the meat was pure pink inside and the juices were red. This was WAY undercooked, nowhere near 'medium'. I had also ordered Southwest Egg Rolls and ate those and never ate the burger. Those were good but I will cut into my burger before leaving next time to send it back if need be for more cooking.I wouldn't quite call this place a dive bar.  It feels more like a Metairie neighborhood lounge was relocated to Canal St.  A lounge might be going too far as well, as it is way too spacious.  Despite the name, the nautical cheesiness is kept to a minimum.  There are plenty of seats at the wraparound bar or at the row of booths along the wall.  Pool table and dart boards are in the back room away from the main bar so there's plenty of room to move around the bar.     
It's only fitting that the Beach Corner is directly across the street from a gym.  The neon sign is the carrot dangling from the end of a stick reminding you why you're on that treadmill in the first place.  Their burger is legit.  It's ten ounces of juicy goodness for around $6.  The only problem is that the toppings are not as high quality as the actual patty.  My plate included a pile of cold shredded cheese, a scrap or two of some near white iceberg lettuce and 2 slices of the ends of a tomato.  In my mind, though, the quality of the meat totally made up for it.  After I lathered it up with mustard and mayo it was downright delectable.  The patty was cooked perfectly and melt-in-your-mouth tender.  The potato skins are awesome as well.  If you're looking for a decent no frills burger in Mid-City, skip the gimmicky Juicy Lucy's and stop here.Best late night burgers, or anytime, in the city. Put their burgers against anyone in the city. Bartenders tend to their clients and atmosphere is laid back for an end of the night snack.I was mad craving a burger yesterday. Something juicy and thick to sink my teeth into. So I spent a couple of hours on yelp and various other foodie sites, drooling over pictures and descriptions before finally settling on this place. 
So I called them up and placed my to go order. 15 minutes later, I pulled up to a refreshing meat-grilling-over-open-flames smell coming from the bar. My taste buds are doing back flips at this point and I can't swallow my drool fast enough. 
So needless to say, I eagerly tear open the boxes of food I received to sample their burger and onion rings. A bite later, I was left wondering where that smell came from.
Burger was obviously not grilled over an open flame. It had good flavor (thanks Tony's) but wasn't tender and moist. Disappointed. It was big but I easily finished the entire burger in one sitting (was hoping to eat half of it for dinner.)
Onion rings were pretty forgettable. Agree with the other Yelper who said the rings were overcooked. 
Also everything was frozen food. I know that it's a bar but honestly, I was expecting some freshness. Some good quality ingredients when other reviews claim this place serves the best burgers in Mid-City, scratch that, in New Orleans. And this place definitely falls very short on that. 
$14 for their burger and rings.  For that price, you can get a better quality burger at Phil's Grill and know that it's actually beef you're munching on.....
The quest for the perfect burger continues.....One of the biggest, freshest burgers in the city. Great casual atmosphere and friendly barkeepers. TVs, pool tables, and canned music for entertainment. There's a TV on the patio too. Oh yeah, they have great prices. 21 and over only - Sorry, kids!Great burgers and great chicken sandwiches. Cool local bar. Not a party scene which is cool. Haven't gotten drunk there yet...
Sometimes can be hit or miss though.  most times it is really goodWhat a surprisingly great place! I went here after having a few drinks because I was STARVING and this was definitely the place to be. Its 100% neighborhood bar, diverse crowd, close to a cemetery so you know all the things needed to make a pretty good eats place. Am I Right?   The location is pretty big even with booths to eat, long bar, and a pool section. So no complains of feeling like I'm going to suffocate and can't breathe. Although smoking is allowed it wasn't too smoking but I went at the 9pm/10pm range so not sure how  smoky it gets later in the evening.
The food was so good! I had to try the crispy queso sticks... They just may be my favorite new appetizer. It was like eating queso and chips but fried into greatness. If nothing else you need to go there and try those SERIOUS.  Later I had the Hickory Cheddar Burger which was HUGE and pretty great. Flavorful great BBQ just great in every way. I loved this burger and it will definitely leave you full for a very long time. My friend also ordered the bacon cheese fries with ranch sauce that was just so cheesy greatness...So much bacon. It was that type of item you know is unhealthy for you but you can't resist it anyways because everything about it was good. Also, the prices are EXTREMELY reasonable for the good stuff you get. I will definitely visit this place again.
Looking for a low-key experience, a good burger, quiet location with near-by parking this is definitely the place for you. 
Note: Walk in...Look at Menu...Order Food....Then decide on a seat....Bartender calls your name when food ready....Go pick it up....Eat.....Hands down the BEST burger in the mid-city area. A bit pricey but worth the price. Nice place to grab a burger and a beer before or after that game. 
Burger, Fries and a drink about $13. But it is a HUGE burger and large order of fries.Meh, I don't see #1 burger at all. The mushrooms were tasty with the garlic seasoning, other than that it was a plain jane burger. 
The burgers are cooked on an open flame, and it wasnt chared on the outside. Good job to the chef! 
The bartenders were slow so slow, and the place was 75% empty.This might be my new favorite hang!  In the quest for a low key neighborhood type bar, and an amazing burger, I was referred by a friend to Beachcorner.  I went on a Friday afternoon around 2 p.m. and hung out until almost 5.  It was relatively quiet, super clean, very chill...lots of locals passing in and out, people eating, and lots of takeout.  The establishment itself was very clean and welcoming.  The lone bartender was super friendly and on top of everything.  I had a beer or two, which was ice cold, and then ordered a late lunch.  The food was served efficiently and piping hot.  The bartender told me they hand press the patties in the morning, and they cook the burgers to order which was awesome!  The meat itself was flavorful and moist.  The bun was fresh and the cheese was legit...none of that flavorless pre-shredded crap.  The onion rings were standard fare but were crispy and piping hot.  The bathroom was clean and accessible.  I parked on the street because it was late in the afternoon and there were plenty of spaces, but it looked as if there was parking in the rear.  I am literally plotting my next trip here and I can't wait to go back!BeechCorner is a relaxing chill atmosphere... 
But most importantly the Burgers are kick Ass. 
The ladies are always cool with great service... And the best part they're always open.