Happy hour prices are great! Fries $3, sandwich $5. Food is good. The sauces that came with the food was good and very different. It was a nice change to the regular ketchup flavor profile. Decor goes well with the menu. 
Service was GREAT, quick, and attentive. Steve did his thing.I am a fan of tiki cocktails and have been to some of the best tiki bars in the country. I was pretty happy that Latitude 29 opened in the Bienville - I like having options and while I like Tiki Tolteca (practically next door) a lot, I dig Latitude 29 in a whole different way.
First of all - the tiki drink recipes are classic and meticulously researched by Beachbum Berry, who is probably one of the world's experts in tiki drinks. (No kidding.) This means that these cocktails are strong, have amazing ingredients and taste even more amazing.
Second, the food menu has something for everyone. The apps price point is perfect ($5-11) and the options are great for someone wanting a small nosh with your cocktail. I love the pineapple bread and the dumpling burger. For the mains, the loco moco is a great option, as is the burger or the steak frites.
Speaking of the steak frites - it is only $15 during happy hour! What a deal! (There's also drink specials and I am partial to the Odin's punch.)
The bartenders here are pretty cool - not snooty and actually pay attention to you at the bar. Now that's refreshing in itself.As I came into this restaurant with 5 of my closest friends, we were immediately treated as if our service did not matter to their business. We all come from around the country and came to this restaurant to spend a memorable meal together. However, we were forced to squeeze into a booth that was meant for half of our party size. When we asked for a different table, we were dramatically rejected. When we asked to pull up a chair to the end to have some more space, we were once again told no. I'm sure the food here is somewhat decent, however the service was just inconceivable. I will not be returning. And the tiki drinks looked dumb.Visited Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 for the first time on February 21st, during a week-long vacation to New Orleans.  The bar is located at the rear of the Bienville House Hotel, facing North Peters St.  I was favorably impressed with this place!!  My brother and I came back two more times that week, and got well acquainted with Sam the bartender.  Also met bartender Brad, who is also a cool guy. During my three visits I tried the Nui-Nui, Latitude 29, Hell in the Pacific, Rum Barrel, Mai-Tai, and Oaxacan Sour....all were EXCELLENT cocktails, mixed to perfection and beautifully garnished by Sam!  The bar has great tiki decor, and is a relaxing place to hang-out and meet people while in New Orleans.  Thumbs up to a great tiki bar experience!!  Definitely hope to come back again sometime!I wonder why there isn't a seriously long line out the door every night!
I had never visited a tiki bar until we visited Trader Sam's Enchanted Tiki Bar at the Disneyland Hotel in 2013.  After that experience, my wife and I were hooked on tiki.  Of course it didn't take long to learn about Beachbum Berry and his reputation as the "go to guy" for tiki history and recipes.  When I learned that Latitude 29 recently opened, we "had" to give it a try on our recent trip to NOLA.
After a day of traveling, the idea of walking over to Latitude 29 to relax with a couple drinks sounded perfect.  We arrived around 9pm and were seated immediately.  Our first impression was that this place is high quality.  The low-key tropical theming was just right.  And we appreciated the subtle nod to Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room, as they had two of the tiki drummer replica statues on display. Lots of thoughtful touches throughout, and we especially thought the power outlets (with USB ports) located on each side of the booth were cool! Great music too!
I believe our waitress was named Katie.  She was friendly and took great care of us.  Actually, service was great across the board.  We had five different people check in on us throughout the night.  And they all had a great balance between keeping their distance and anticipating our service needs.
For drinks, my wife ordered the namesake Latitude 29 and I went with the Hawaii 504.  They were both excellent, but we both liked the Latitude 29 a bit better.  We also had an order of pineapple bread and an order of steamed pork dumplings (in a mushroom-based wrapper.)  The pineapple bread was fresh and tasty, hot out of the oven.  It was enjoyable but the pineapple and coconut flavors were more subtle than I would have expected.  The dumplings were beyond amazing.  Possibly the best I've ever tasted.  The stuff that dreams are made of.  Seriously.   After we relaxed for a while, I followed up with a Zombie.  Another great choice!  We relaxed until around 10:30 or so and then decided to walk back to our hotel.  What a great start to our relatively short NOLA visit.
We got our fix of traditional NOLA cuisine the next day, so when it was time to decide where to have dinner on our third evening, it was a no brainer.  We had to come back to try the dinner menu.
On our second visit, we were served by Nancy who was also awesome.  It's refreshing to be served by someone who knows how to engage and be social, but also take a step back and leave us to ourselves when appropriate (while still attending to our needs like refilling water and taking plates away.)
Anyway, for dinner we ended up going with another order of pineapple bread (even better than the first night), two more orders of those pork dumplings (equally as amazing as the first time), and then we shared an order of the glazed pork ribs (with mac salad and rice).  OK, these are excellent ribs.  Sweet, gooey, and crispy at the same time.  Meaty but not too fatty.  I like to order ribs, and I've have had my fair share from Kansas City, St. Louis, Memphis, Austin, etc.  These could easily make my top 5 favorite ribs.  The mac salad was excellent too.  The rice was "meh".  It was relatively bland and too mushy on the inside.  To be honest, I didn't care.  I didn't have room in my stomach for it anyway!!!!
For drinks, I still wanted to try Beachbum Berry's Mai Tai, so I went with that.  It was good, and of course in a league of its own compared to your typical offering.  But not my favorite from Latitude 29.  My wife went with the Mississippi Mermaid.  She tends to like vodka more than rum, so this peaked her interest.   Being somewhat sheltered in the suburbs of our hometown, we had to google to find out what "tamarind" was (something from the pea family).  After a reassurance from Nancy, she decided to give it a go, and was glad she did.  It was quite tasty!!! For round two, my wife went with another Latitude 29 (I think she might be developing a taste for rum after all!) and then I went with the Pontchartrain Pearl Driver ("ice buttered rum"?  yes, please!!!!)  Oh man, that was good.
My only regret is the timing that I got up to go to the bathroom. LOL.  I came back to find out that the Beachbum himself stopped at the table to check on us and clear a couple dishes.  Darn, I missed the chance to thank him personally and congratulate him on his new place.
My final thought is related to my first... as we headed back to our hotel near Bourbon St., I couldn't help but feel special.  That I knew a secret.  All these people waiting in long lines outside the doors of mediocre oyster bars... Dudes, you don't know what you are missing.  You are in the wrong line!!!In order to write a completely accurate review I want to revisit this place. Host was friendly and seated us promptly. Service was attentive, timely and informative. Drinks were fun, cold, and garnished well. Was not a fan of the food. The drinks were priced $11+ which I figured for a Tiki themed bar, mostly due to the expensive or foreign liqueurs used and the exotic prep to make them (Banana wrapped glasses, frozen snow cones as ice cubes etc.) However, I didn't expect the $15 price tag attached to the burger my boyfriend ordered. Not to jump to any presumptions we each ordered an entree. His burger came out with more dipping sauce than available fries, and the burger itself was SMALL. The bun itself wasn't even standard grocery burger bun size. My entree was similar to a burger, but without the bun. Ground filet patty over golden mushroom rice, gravy and topped with a fried egg. I figured I would eat "lean" and go for it. The portion was decent, however it was extremely salty. I downed three glasses of water at the table just to counter act the sodium. I'll go back, but mostly to evaluate the comprehensive drink list further.Good drinks & service. The Missionary's Downfall drink was really refreshing albeit pricey. Average drink prices for the FQ. If you enjoy rum or Carribean themed drinks, this is the place.Spot on Tiki cocktails and more from the reviver himself. A1 bar with an A1 staff, what more can you ask for?? Tiki heads know what's up with BerryTiki bars are among my favorite types of bars. From the lush over-the-top Tonga Room in SF to NYC's rock & roll East Village haunt, Otto's Shrunken Head, you really can't go wrong with some palm, tiki torches, orchids and nifty vintage Hawaiian shirts. Blame the love on an early fascination with Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room.
I do admit, however, to not loving those sickening sweet rum concoctions, often a color not known to exist in nature and often set on fire. Pretty to look at, not so pretty to look at the next day if you know what I mean.
Latitude 29 is more craft cocktail purveyor than pina colada slinger. The cocktail list is a compelling list of drinks made with all sorts of spirits, not just rum, with cool names like Mississippi Mermaid and Pontchartrain Pearl Diver (in addition to your classic Zombie and Mai Tai). Ambiance offers a dark, lush bar side (I'm so sitting there next time) and the bamboo-filled, more brightly lit dining room that lends itself better to eating. And really, you should eat here. 
Yes, you can eat here if you're veg, G/F etc. How refreshing. They had me with this statement: "Executive Chef Chris Shortall and his staff are dedicated to creating beautifully composed, modern, playful Tiki Cuisine that includes options for our gluten-free, vegetarian, and vegan guests." I guess I can't stress enough how it good it feels to not have to get apologies and confusion from a waitress and the dreaded/reluctant "I'll have to check with the chef." Other NOLA establishments would do well to start with such a welcoming policy. 
As part of my birthday weekend, I landed here for the first time and I'm an immediate L29-lover. Jen L had informed me that the genius behind the menu was none other than the chef from Twelve Mile Limit so I knew I was in for some good grub.
Oh my god, friends... that's an understatement. I ordered the Bahn Mi. It comes stuffed with lightly fried tofu and pickled veggies, as well as soy mayo and Sri Racha on the side. Get the fries (why wouldn't you?) I couldn't even finish, the portion is that huge. 
And the drinks. I first went for the Hawaii 504 and was pretty blown away by how light, fresh and spicy it is. I mean, the perfect warm weather drink... who am I kidding? The perfect cold weather drink too. What a brilliant twist to sprinkle a little Chinese Five Spice on there, which goes well with the ginger liqueur of course. I then couldn't pass up the idea of Frank Sinatra's favorite Tiki drink and ordered the Navy Grog, which comes with a straw inserted into a huge cone of ice. I knew what I was in for... an extremely strong concoction worthy of Old Blue Eyes, but a little too rumtastic for me, so I switched back to the 504. If you're a fan of strong rum drinks, however, do order the Navy Grog.
Love the atmosphere. Love the cocktails. Love the service (everyone is so nice). I don't love that they close so damn early (11pm on weekends... what?) Welp. I have a new favorite French Quarter bar.True to the tiki tradition, with a few long lost recipes. Being in such a tight niche may have long term concerns, but in speaking with Steve, GM, there's an able captain at the helm. I'd encourage Steve to experiment with tiki modifications such as rum/whiskey hybrids, use of liqueuers in place of syrups, shrubs (to simulate old island methods of preserving syrups without refrigeration,  etc.). Also, consider high end subs (lots of fine rums and rhums and cachaca, etc). Definitely going back to get my tiki on.Do not come here with a large group. They don't know how to handle it. Probably fine if you are just a small gathering.An evening of #Shenanigans & #tomfoolery @ Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29--- it was rainy and cloudy out but in here life is a BEACH. I had the kea colada which is described as a Piña Colada and then some--Jamaican (yea mon) and Virgin Islands rums swirled with coconut cream, lime and pineapple. The place is small and tight but worth the squeeze. Only in Nola can you enter one door and be on an island and the next be somewhere else!Where to start with this little gem? We started with a Combination and their signature Latitude 29 which both served to whet the pallet. Several recommendations from Brad later my wife and I settled on more than a few Kia Colladas, a delicious take on the classic Pina colada well balanced and not overly sweet like most you'll encounter. We'll definitely be back next time we're in town.This was a great place to get a drink.  They are expensive but the tiki drinks really taste good and it was a pleasure to drink.Loved this place! First of all, or server was awesome. I salt forget her name now but she have great food recommendations from the menu and was super friendly. We really enjoyed having her as our server who also had amazing lashes (random, I know). Now onto the food and drinks. We finally found hurricanes that we really liked. It's not made with the cheap stuff here...it's fresh fruits, nice and strong, and refreshing. We got passion fruit ones. As for food, we got the steak frites, meat sampler, shrimp and grits, and something else that was also delicious.  The meat sampler...my favorite part was the fried spam with little runny yolk quail eggs! Wish we could have had like 5 more of those. My steak frites were perfect too. Well seasoned and not only medium rare like I requested but tender too! Usually places will serve my steak too well done or it'll look right but taste dry. The fries were also well seasoned and of good texture. As for the shrimp and grits...those shrimps are heaven! So well seasoned with the perfect amount of kick to them. We drooled over the memory the next couple of days and other shrimps that we had couldn't compare. All in all, awesome trip and I would come back here for another meal and another drink. We would have came back before we left NOLA but ran out of time. Definitely come here for a hurricane and the food!Tiki bars have always held a special place in my heart. I love the idea that America was overly obsessed with all things Polynesian for a time. Another special place in my heart is for my love of the food that Chris Shortall brought to Twelve Mile Limit. Tiki bar with food by Chris Shortall?! Sign me up! I really have enjoyed my dining experiences at Latitude 29, as I knew I would. The food is delicious and filling for a good price point. I've had the dumplings, the Hawaiian Cuban, and the burger and they were all excellent! As much is the food is delicious, you should be coming here for some amazing cocktails. They have an impressive variety and each one is very well-crafted. I have tried most of the menu at this point. Definitely anything that contains whisky, for sure.  This is a very welcome addition to the French Quarter. Good food and quality cocktails in the best ambiance. You must stop in!The drinks are behind imagining. So much thought has gone into making them balanced and not sweet.  Food is good also. A great respite from the craziness of Bourbon Street. The staff is some of the best you'll find. Anna was very knowledgable and honest with her advice. We met one of the owners, and it is clear that this is a passion of love - the desire to make a business while sharing amazing food and drink profiles with us.By far, the BEST Pina Colada that you'll ever consume!  Last year @ Tales of the Cocktail, I was a  Latitude Virgin. Needless to say, I've been craving this beverage for a year. Just as good in 2017. Going back to try another delicious libation this evening. Definitely stop!!!Review of bar only
If you love a good cocktail and tiki bars, then this is the place for you! I haven't had a bad drink here, and they err on the strong side. The bartenders are very adept at the sort-of complicated drinks on the menu. My favorite drink is the Missionary's Downfall with mint, pineapple, honey, lime, peach brandy, and run or vodka. If you don't specify, they go with rum (my preference), and it's all blended together. It sounds like a lot in a drink, but it's delicious! 
My husband and I go and sit at the bar or in the bar area. They always take good care of us.If I lived in NOLA I'd be a regular here. The drinks were amazing, the place fits the theme without being kitschy and the bartenders were all super friendly. It's nice to see that in some cities even good cocktail bars have happy hours, though we didn't partake of the special menu.
Beachbum Berry's was our third cocktail bar on our first day in the city. Justin ordered the Suffering Bastard (Dutch gin, French brandy, lime cordial, bitters, ginger beer; $13) and I went with the namesake Latitude 29 (aged demerara rum, passion fruit puree, Madagascar vanilla bean syrup, orange, pineapple, lemon; $11). It took me a while to decide -- the menu just looked too good -- but it was definitely a winner. Just the right fruitiness and ruminess; a typical and excellent Tiki drink. Justin's second cocktail was the Paniolo (Kentucky bourbon, Hawaiian macadamia nut liqueur, lime, cranberry, mole bitters; $10). Though both of his drinks were non-traditional (i.e., not rum), they still had a certain aura to them that brought you back to the islands. 
The bartenders here were probably the most friendly we met in New Orleans. They let us sample the macadamia nut liqueur on its own and it is definitely something I'd love to have in my home bar (along with macadamia nut milk, thank you Joe Van Gogh http://www.yelp.com/biz/joe-van-gogh-chapel-hill-2). We also had an entire conversation on why there was no spam on the menu. I'm a little biased that I think of Hawaii when I think of Tiki, but I suppose there are a lot of other areas that don't necessarily eat spam like we do in Hawaii. It's a shame, but if there's no market for it in New Orleans, there's no sense in having it on the menu. 
For our final drink we split a bowl: Lapu Lapu (gold rum, dark rum, 151 rum, falernum, lemon juice, pineapple juice, grapefruit juice, orange juice; $22). It was good but not as good as the Latitude 29. The sweetest part of it was running into Paul Gustings -- the famous cocktail bartender, currently at the Empire Bar -- while we were sipping. If you're at a cocktail bar where other cocktail bartenders go, you know you've picked well. It's like spotting NOLA beverage royalty!My last review was removed "because it did not provide enough detail about your customer experience."  
Here is my original review (seems like enough detail to me): 
everything that is wrong with the new New Orleans. Pretentious, unwelcoming and completely uptight. Food isn't great. And even if it was, couldn't get over the overbearing and unfriendly staff to enjoy it. Had high hopes for this place but it doesn't belong in New Orleans. 
And here is the ADDITIONAL detail that they need to hopefully keep my review up this time:
We visited Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 in early November. We had a group of folks and ate in the restaurant vs having just drinks at the bar. There was one other table in the restaurant besides us, it was empty. The restaurant is small and unremarkable. The staff was cold, from the moment we arrived, to taking our order, to servicing us our bill. Management, sad to say, was even worse. We were reprimanded no short of 5 times for normal restaurant behavior. 
Instead of enjoying our meals, we were worried the whole time about what the staff thought, as it felt like they were watching/hovering over us like  parent's at a middle school dance waiting to catch a pair of kids dancing too close. "Don't stand up to hug your friends who just arrived because it violates fire code" was literally something that was said to us. I had recommended the restaurant. A large number of folks in the party were from out of town and I was personally embarrassed that this was their first impression of New Orleans in terms of hospitality and food. 
I got the pulled pork (sandwich I believe). I ate about 6 bites of it. It was dry. Menu selection was kind of haphazard which made it hard for everyone in our party to find something they like. The general consensus was 'Meh' concerning the food from everyone in the group when polled afterwards (informally). The drinks were delicious. 
Despite having a completely separate side for the restaurant (from the bar portion of the restaurant) they do not let children in. We had one member of our party who arrived after we got seated and ordered who came with a 5 year old. They wouldn't let them in, and since we had already ordered, they had to go next door and eat alone. Again- embarassing!  To the restaurant's credit this policy is on their website, but that actually requires you to read their website thoroughly to know about it. Who does that in this day and age?
I stand by my previous, brief assessment. As much as I love tiki, Beachbum Berry's represents the worst of the "new" new orleans because of the uptightness, the hitler-esque rules, the general air of unfriendliness from the staff, and quite honestly, un 'fun'air about the whole place. It doesn't have the new orleans welcoming attitude, and it's glaringly obvious. This is a bar/restaurant that belongs on the west coast- not a place like new orleans.Loved everything about it...drinks were well made and strong, menu was short but everything we had was excellent. Service was friendly and attentive. Will definitely return.As a former mixologist, I have to say this is definitely one of the top tiki bars in the nation. The cocktails were perfect and respectful to the ingredients. Presentation of each cocktail was outstanding. I had to visit this bar twice on my trip so I could savor the wonderful tropical flavors and the high quality rum. A communal drink is a must!
The ambience was great and the service was great. If you are into tiki culture or history, check out the cabinet of rare tiki mugs and swizzle sticks that have been collected over the decades.Great relaxing atmosphere, beautiful service. Nancy is really welcoming and nice. Great food knowledge. Service up to par. Bartenders-special thanks to delicious and well composed drinks.This place has earned a spot on the map as a destination for lovers of tiki bars. The drinks are innovative, complex and perfectly balanced. The decor is an elevated take on traditional Polynesian/Tiki establishments, Jeff Beachbum Berry and his staff are totally committed to making sure Latitude 29 patrons have a top notch experience.Another great visit to Latitude 29 this past visit. After a long day of work, took a co-worker and his wife here for a drink. We needed a place that would be fun, but not crazy, and this being their first visit, they loved the tiki vibe, good service, and great drinks. 
This time around I ordered the Zombie, and IMHO, it was much better than the Latitude 29 drink I had on my last visit. The Zombie had barks of cinnamon crammed into it, which was awesome. My friend ordered the Aquadesiac for them to share, which was a festive drink with a li'l plastic mermaid hanging out on a mint leaf. (There was a ton of fresh mint in their drink). 
A bunch of people were hanging out, laughing, but the place is a nice retreat from Bourbon Street craziness. The menu looks great, but I never seem to be free (when I'm working a conference) to enjoy it- but noted for my return to Latitude 29!Love lattitude the skull and bones is strong and delightful. The bartenders are very talented and I always get good service when I go thereTried to get a drink here before a party and were told we could not stand at the bar to have a drink. They were willing to let us wait for a table but only "if we did not socialize."  
Yes, we could come into the tiki bar but only if we promised not to socialize. 
Pass...This is a smaller place and it's more of a restaurant type of location then a true bar. If you have a large group, this may not be the place for you but if you just want to escape the craziness of NOLA for a bit and have a relaxing drink and some food, it's perfect! The decor is super cute. The drinks are delicious! And the food is also great. We got their for happy hour and ordered a shrimp sandwich which was delicious. It was also one of our friends birthdays and our server brought the table birthday shots which was unexpected and very kind. We had a blast and would totally go again! You'll spend a little more money here but it's worth it. Just know it's a smaller space with table service instead of a true bar. We liked that, but it could be a surprise for some people.Brand new tiki bar by the tiki cocktail master Beachbum Berry.  If you've ever had a real tiki cocktail drink (other than a Mai Tai), chances are that recipe was from one of his cocktail guides. 
Tiki inspired bar bites and cuisine is also available.I have been to this place a few times and can't really complain about the food or drinks,  but I have never in my life had a hostess or anyone in a restaurant be so rude to me. I know it's a tourist area and we tried to go during a festival, but we are local and would come back if we had felt welcomed. There was only one table occupied so we assumed it would be no problem to get a table. We were asked how many in our party, we let her know it was 4 right now but more might come. We were rudely told that we had to tell them now how many were coming so we asked to just get a drink at the bar. Again, the hostess rudely stopped us and pointed to an area where we could wait in line for to go drinks. Again, there was no one at the bar. Treating us like this is so against the hospitality typically shown in this city and I am embarrassed to have tourists exposed to this level of poor service and indecent behavior. So sincerely hope this hostess can be reprimanded for her actions and isn't an owner. Regardless, I'll never be back.I visited here to take a short break from the touristy area of Decatur St. It's just a short walk away. 
Atmosphere: Decorated like a slightly fancy tiki bar. Tasteful decorations. They have a bar and restaurant area. Overall a small restaurant. Bathrooms are also very nice. 
Drinks: If you are into unique tropical (girly) drinks, this is your place. For beer drinkers, you may want to select another bar. There are 5 beers on the menu, all light colored.  Also, 2 of the 5 are Kona. I love Hawaii, but they just can't figure out how to make a good beer. 
Food: I was only snacking. I had the Rillette plate and the collard greens. The collared greens were excellent. They are cooked with pork and duck fat. Scrumptious! The Rillette... maybe the pork spread just wasn't for me. It tasted a bit like canned meat with a few spices. 
Service: Friendly but slow. I can appreciate a laid back atmosphere in the big easy, but the restaurant only had a few other patrons and my server seemed to be gone most of the time. 
More than likely I won't be back.Great Service, Great Food, Great Drinks. The Coconut Shrimp Banh Mi is a Vietnamese style poboy that is AMAZING!!! I love it too much to try anything else here! You'd think places like this would skimp on the liquor count but the drinks are surprisingly strong! And I always have very good service! Must try!If you're looking for the best Tiki Bar on the planet look no further. Besides the amazing drink which after trying a bunch the signature "latitude 29" is my fave, every detail is accounted for. The food is a outstanding including their catchup. Which.... Idk if they took unicorn's blood and mixed it with tears from Angels and tomato paste, but damn... Any ways this place is incredible, get in there!I can not su uuuy yuh up ug ynhnhbhnhnhnhnh hi hbh by  gest re any my any better at all Hyundai yu by a youWe dropped in here because we wanted a good cocktail, and another tiki bar with good reviews around the corner was closed. What a happy coincidence that we wandered in here instead!
First, the staff are DELIGHTFUL. We ended up going back the next day, and everyone remembered us and treated us like family. And no matter how busy, everyone took time to talk with us, help us pick drinks and munchies, and gave us advice about other places to go and things to try. I cannot emphasize enough how delightful everyone was, including other patrons who clearly were regulars. In this manner, we heard about several excellent cocktails that are off-menu, such as the incomparable Pain Killer. What's in it? No idea. But OMG. Its delicious.
Our other favorite drink was the Pearl Diver, which we were told people love or hate. If you hate butter, first, please question your priorities, and second, pass on this drink. If you are a NORMAL HUMAN BEING and love butter, this drink is amazing.
Go ahead and skip the multi-person drinks, because they cater to the lowest common denominator, and don't have the fun and flair of the other cocktails. We wanted to try ALL the drinks, and made a pretty good dent in the menu, but even with drinks to go, there are only so many you can drink in a day or two. This will definitely be a regular stop every time we are in NOLA from now on.Please make your way to this establishment.  I discovered this tiki bar my last day in NOLA and I was so mad at myself. LOL!!! The drinks are so good.  Strong like I like it. The bartenders are so friendly and attentive. I had the puka punch. So delicious.  My companion had the Zombie and Hell on Fire. If you like strong drinks that are smooth and flavorful run to Latitude.Fantastic atmosphere! It wasn't crazy busy when we went so we were able to enjoy the company we were with because it wasn't too loud. It's not a huge place either so even when they're busy, I don't think it would be too loud and crazy. The drinks are TO DIE FOR! All Hawaiian/Caribbean influenced and deliciously wonderful (lots of rum)! Highly recommend the communal drinks to share... So good! Our waitress was very good and gave us awesome drink recommendations (because everything looked good)! The food was also yummy. If you are looking for a tropical getaway from the swamp you're in, this is the place for you!!Absolutely loved this place ! The ambiance is very tropical but chill, such a great location. 
For dinner, I had the Loco Moco.. It was so amazing ! Words can not explain ! I might have fallen in love with this entree. Being from Florida, I'm disappointed I won't be able to eat it again. 
I had their signature drink "Latitude 29" and it was excellent as well. Their bathroom was spacious & CLEAN. Five stars all around, this place is great !!!Second night in New Orleans and this gem hit the spot. We were greeted right away and asked where we would like to sit. After choosing a booth and loving the decor of the place a lovely waitress greeted us. She was honest and knowledgeable of the food and cocktail menu. After helping us pick out our food she brought over our drinks. We had the latitude 29 cocktail and a Pina colada. for dinner we had the chicken dumplings, green beans, and the pork dumpling burger(we ordered another after how great the first was). Everything was absolutely amazing. Drinks were strong and refreshing, food was fresh proportions big and very tasty.  We would 100% come back next time we come to town !!Walked in here and the sign at the hostess station says "please wait to be seated" I assumed this was for the restaurant side and walked up to the nearly empty bar (2 people) and sat down, as I jest the bartender say under her breath, "thanks for following the rules, I'm gonna make them wait". 
It then took over 10 minutes for her to even acknowledge me in the practically EMPTY bar! 
Drinks are okSo very good.  Cocktails are legit. Waitress  remembered my order from 3 days ago.  Also. ... amazing cocktailsExtremely hot and humid. No air coming from the AC vents despite me checking 6 of the AC vents. Don't count on this place being a break from the NOLA heat. I'm a local by the way! Haha.This place is a FQ oasis & Tiki-wonderland! Amazing drinks (complex and delicious), friendly and knowledgeable bartenders, and wonderful atmosphere. I haven't had a chance to try the food yet, but I LOVED Shortall's BBQ at Twelve Mile, so I'm excited to see it in its new location!We came here on our last day in New Orleans for brunch and boooyy are we glad we did! We ordered a pitcher of their strawberry mimosas for the table. The pitcher was $32 and was a good size pitcher. We were a table of 4 and each had about 2-3 mimosas each. I ordered the banana fosters pancakes. I wish I could eat them again right now. SO GOOD! I love banana and it had bananas cooked into the pancake as well as freshly sliced on top. My friends ordered the chicken and waffles and the breakfast special and all enjoyed the food. Will be returning when back in town. But those pancake thoughDrinks are classic tiki bar and quite excellent. Atmosphere could've been better. Seems like they can't decide whether to be a tiki bar or a restaurant so they don't really do either very well as far as the atmosphere is concerned.This was an amazing hidden gem. Another bartender told us about this place so we had to check it out. The tiki drinks were made with fresh fruit juices and delicious. Everyone should try this spot.If you are looking for a chill, clean place to grab a cocktail try this place. They are a tiki bar so most things on the menu are some tropical drink spinoff. They do close early at 11pm, so make sure to start your night off here.Drinks were delicious and food was great. Service was severely lacking. Took twenty minutes to get service after being seated in a half full dining room. Once our server took our order she was relatively attentive however she  brought our check quickly after the food was dropped off at the table which seemed a bit rude.  I'd give this spot a second chance if the service improves.These are some of the finest rum cocktails in the world.  Beachbum Berry is a legend for a reason. 
The food is pretty good.  I had a thai dish, and I was pleasantly surprised.  Can't go wrong with this place, IMO. 
My recommendations: 
*Hawaiian Milk Punch
*Lattitude 29
*Pontchartrain Pearl DiverGreat tiki cocktails!  I love the ambience and the waiters are great. Loco moco was awesome!Food is perfect. make sure to try the dumpling burger or the collards. F#%_ING amazing. The drinks are tiki spot on, which should be expected from the godfather of the tiki resurgence movement ( he's the owner). So even with such high expectation from a tikiphile they have managed to exceed the hype and expectation. I actually feel lucky to eat and.drink here all week. It rivals the scared MA KAI in Ft Lauderdale. I know that statement is almost sacrelidgous by itself, but that's how good it is(minus gardens, water featues and stage show). Order an off menu item called a "allspice sour"  they tiki it up a few notches while.still being balanced. You deserve a place like this.The food and the drinks are everything! Definitely refreshing to have something different yet blastfully tasty here in NolaDrinks are very good.  Hostess's attitude and their "policies" are horrendous.  There is a "no standing" policy.  No joke.  You can't even stand at the bar if you want to.  Or next to a high top.  So the math doesn't work.  The drinks are not worth the service or the policies.  Tiki tolteca is around the corner, the drinks are just as good, and they are not a*holes.  Worst service experience I've ever had at any establishment in Nola, and I do actually live here.Cool hawaiian themed bar and eats. Went with three friends. Split the lapu-lapu drink. Pretty good, not too strong. The chicken wings were weird. They seemed like shredded chicken compressed and then deep fried on too a chicken wing. 
The ribs were very good. Also had dumplings which were just so-so. 
Went during Lundi gras and was sat down immediately. Attentive bartender and waitress. Will come back to try more drinks.***This review is only for the cocktails.***
In all honesty, I've never been a big fan of Tiki drinks.  I've usually found them to be too sweet, often cloying, for my liking.  However, after Esquire Magazine named Beachbum Berry's Latitude 29 one of the Best Bars in America for 2015, I knew I had to, at least, give it a try.  Located in the Bienville House Hotel, Beachbum Berry's was unmistakably a Tiki bar in its appearance, but thankfully avoided overwhelming its customers with cliché Tiki décor.  Since it was around 3:30 PM on a Saturday, the place was pretty dead except for us and a few other patrons seated alongside us at the bar.
Looking over the interesting and varied drink list, unsurprisingly, the vast majority of the cocktails were rum-focused.  That said, I found a whiskey-based one, the Paniolo ($10), made with an unspecified Kentucky bourbon, macadamia nut liqueur, lime juice, housemade cranberry syrup, and a dash of molé bitters that caught my eye.  Yes, the drink fell on the sweet side of the spectrum, but it was restrained and nicely balanced with all of the other things going on in my glass.  I really liked my cocktail.
Beachbum Berry's didn't change my mind that Tiki drinks straddle the line of being too sweet for my personal taste.  However, the bar staff was obviously skilled in their craft and served up one the best Tiki drinks I've ever had.   I'd definitely come back for more the next time I'm in town, but only if I was in a Tiki state of mind.So aside from the strange rule about no children in the place after 5pm (it's a bar and restaurant), this has to be the coolest spot to have a drink in New Orleans. Okay, I understand that the bar s not centrally located in the French Quarter. Yes, I get that they are primarily a tiki and rum centric bar. Fine, I know they don;t do $5 jello shots off some drunk college girl's bare chested body. But if you want a quality crafted drink with way more alcohol than you realize...then Latitde 29 is the only must stop place to have a drink in New Orleans. 
Never mind that their Mai Tai is the best anywhere (not just NOLA) and their Zombie packs more punch than Bruce Lee, the fact is this bar simply brings Tiki in all its glory to an already amazing bar cultured city. 
And because it is a restaurant also, you can bring the family...just make sure it's before 5pm. Otherwise, grab a sitter and a designated driver. You'll need one after the Rum Barrel (a must order).First time in NOLA. My boyfriend's bar manager recommended we try Jeff's beachbum's new tiki restaurant. We tried looking up the place on Yelp and came up with nothing. But we managed to find the location/hotel. Little did we know...until we asked our server how long have they been opened and she said since 3pm today! We felt so honored being the "first ones" on the first day! We even had the pleasure of meeting the tiki genius himself, Jeff! He was super friendly and just a great and fun tiki kind of guy!
We had the Hawaii 504 and Pearl Divers which we loved so much we couldn't stop ordering them. The Hawaii 504 is a must try! You won't regret it! It is what a true tiki suppose to taste like!
For food, we got the Pang wings which were delicious, the pan fried dumplings (excellent), pineapple bread (fresh, soft with hint of pineapple flavor) and the tarot chips (first time I've ever had them not fried to complete crisps..these chips were more like fries..you can actually taste the tarot underneath the fried layer). I'm still thinking about the drinks and tarot chips today! Will definitely be back for more when I'm in NOLA again!Fantastic cocktails.  Literally the best tropical drinks I've ever had.  Found my new favorite place in NOLA.Great drinks, funky and fun decor. Like stepping into a tiki hut on a tropical beach rather than in the French Quarter. They offer large drinks for sharing with multiple straws. Drinks are presented creatively, good service. Didn't have the food, but definitely recommend popping in here for a drink or two!The menu had a lot of great options and the server was wonderful, checked in with us. We ordered one of the shareable cocktails and enjoyed it. We went in the afternoon on a weekday and it was all but empty, the inside decor was really nice and seemed like a really good date spot.Let me first start off by saying that we have come here, A LOT... spent HUNDREDS of dollars and have enjoyed every drink BUT  NEVER in my life, growing up in this city have I been so insulted as I was tonight. My husband and I go in for a drink. I order two drinks to go, and was directed to go to the other end of the bar because there were two seats. Mind you, I was already occupying one seat but was directed to go to another, well after I moved come to find out it already occupied by someone else! WTH, never in all the times we've been here have I experienced this! I feel like I am in the twighlight zone! I tell Dillon, the host that the bartender made me move to order drinks and his response was 'I have to help
other people'. I'm not sure who is running this place now but NOT cool. Perhaps new management? Will be calling tomorrowI hosted a meetup here. Luckily we had a small group of about 8 people, because this place only has 1 big top and can't move tables together. They do take reservations. The cocktails are really good. The green beans are awesome. The atmosphere is so fun with tiki inspired decor. The happy hour wasn't that impressive with only a few drinks to choose from. I'd come here again.I went for happy hour (3-6).  The happy hour drink selection was lacking and did not seem like a deal (10$), although the drink i ordered was good.  The bartenders were friendly and the service good.  
I ordered the grilled octopus and it was really salty.  
Overall, I probably wouldn't go back.First off, I know what a real mai tai is made of and what it tastes like. My first drink here was a mai tai, and believe me, with all the lime juice in it, threw the whole taste out of whack. It was just ok. I got another one of their drinks off the menu, a Latitude 29. Again nice taste, but so much citrus in it made it too sour. Then I got a Nui Nui, great taste, but again would have been better with the lime juice cut down. Then wife and I got a Lapu Lapu, a drink for two with the requisite long straws. Again wayy too much citrus and not much else. The food we got was very good, a flat iron steak cooked perfectly med rare with fries, all very tasty. Thing about it was after all those drinks I never got even a little buzz on. Indicates to me that they're trying to cover up the lack of booze with a lot of citrus. 
We get to Nola couple of times a year and I was really looking forward to this bar as we love all things "tiki". But we've marked this off our "go to " list.Owned by a true tiki cocktail historian, this recent comer to the French Quarter is now a must.  While I'm not an everyday rum drinker, there's plenty of diversity for the cocktail nerd.  I really enjoyed their take on the Navy Grog, which has a pleasant hint of rhum agricole and comes with a cone of ice graced by a mini Union Jack.  There are many theatrical presentations for these cocktails, so much so that you'll find it hard to resist posting them to Instagram.  While I was drinking there, a gentleman requested his cocktail served in a pineapple, and as it was rather slow, they humored him.  (But don't you all go doing that to the poor bartenders, now.)  After two drinks, we found ourselves in need of something to line our stomachs, and I was surprised that they had both a wonderful salad and some delicious vegetable dumplings (eggplant, I believe).  The bartenders were more than willing to educate us on the drinks menu, as the tiki revival is just starting to spread at home. The decor is fun, too.  Drinks are on the spendy side, but this is a great place to begin a celebratory evening.We had two incredibly tasty and fun evenings at the bar with Sam and Brad. Highly recommend the Cuban sandwich, so so delicious. We tried 8 of the drinks on the menu and loved all of them. The bar staff are very knowledgeable and the drinks were top notch c
in taste and appearance. On our second visit we had the pleasure of meeting 'The Bum' and he was super cool. It's clear that the down to earth vibe and attention to good friendly service starts with him and trickles down to the whole crew. We will certainly be back anytime we visit NOLA.Visiting New Orleans for the first time, I had to come here. I worked at a Tiki Bar in Soho once so I'm always curious about other spots. I had the Nui Nui and Paniolo. Both wonderful. That Paniolo was fantastic! I could have ten of them right now. Service was excellent. I am sad I didn't try the food while I was there. I have to return. It's super cute inside the dining area as well. Very happy choice we made stopping in.Such an awesome tiki bar located on the outskirts of the French Quarter, my friend and I were so enamored with the quality of the cocktails here that we came back after dinner for a second round.
My Zombie and classic Mai Tai were both fantastic and expertly crafted by our bartender, Andrew.  Neither were overly sweet and they both possessed an underlying dryness that lent to an excellent balance of flavors behind the potency of all the rums used.  My friend's Pontchartrain Pearl Diver turned out to be just as derricious despite some initial hesitation about the heaviness of the house-made honey-butter-spice mix - complex with a perfect amount of richness.
Suffice it to say, we had a seriously fun time here and the decor certainly brought back memories of all the tiki bars I've visited on the Hawaii islands.Honestly, foods ok, but the drinks and vibe make this a 5 star for sure. Matthew served a friend and myself to a wonderful cocktail experience. His energy was infectious, great asset to your team.We only had drinks, but they were great! My girlfriend's friend recommended this place and it did not disappoint.  I'm usually not a cocktail person, but have to say I was super excited by the Mai Tai and Kea Colada.  My girlfriend loved her drinks as well.  The bar tender was very friendly, and the ambience and decor leave you feeling you've just been to the Polynesian islands!The current bar staff need reminding they're in the hospitality industry. I've noticed this behavior at the bar before but have had it. On a Sunday I brought another local friend who hadn't been there to enjoy some cocktails. The bar was full but a party of 6 were leaving. After they left we approached the bar so we could have the spot. The bartender asked us if we could give him a minute to clean up after the previous guests, we said no problem at all and gave him space (didn't even sit down). Then he said: "No, if you could go stand over there by the hostess stand." I was stunned -- this guy was actually people-moving us, like cattle to be herded around. I wanted to leave then, but thinking of my guest said sure. After some time we were "summoned" back to the bar -- but they insisted on sliding us over immediately next to other people rather than where I wanted to sit, which was open and darker. Nope, these guys insist on managing the bar stools for you. They see their bar as a privilege rather a choice of where I do business.
That was problem one. 
Problem two, after we sat in our assigned seats we were given menus and after a minute he asked if we were ready to order. I said no we would need a few minutes (as the lovely menu takes time for new guests). After five minutes we made our choices, put the menus down and slid them forward. For 10 minutes we waited, and waited -- but the bartender wouldn't take our order. And then something strange -- he left the bar. I have no idea where he went, but he left the bar and we sat there like idiots for a few more minutes. Finally I apologized to my friend and said it seemed we were being punished here, and why don't we gone down to the other tiki bar down the block? My friend said "You noticed it, too! I thought it was just me." And we left. (We had a terrific time at Tiki Tolteca, btw, where staff seemed to be having fun rather than having a stick up their ass.)
So there you have three problems: 1) the way the bar stools are managed, as if they were tables, presumably for the silly fear of single stools. 2) the rudeness of people-moving us away from the bar area until the bartender was ready to "summon" us back to the bar. And 3) the rudeness (or incompetence) of the bartender who left us unattended to and then left the bar completely, without taking orders.
I'm a local, I have a popular guide I share with friends and family, I bring people by often, and I have to say I'm getting pretty turned off by the unusual behavior from Latitude 29's bar staff. I hope they think about hospitality and change their way of working, because it will cost in reputation. I've already shared my experience with other locals and we're going other places instead.
(and they have no email/contact page, which is lame)Really chilled out relaxing joint. Very downbeat and retro. Music. Latitude 29 cocktail is really passion fruity and yummy! I got the navy grog and that was strong, yet good. I highly recommend this place. As a cool chill place. Easy to converse and the staff is knowledgeable and friendlyWe had a great experience with Latitude 29. The service was extremely friendly and the drinks were all top notch.  Being Los Angeles residents, we get our fair share of quality tiki bars and this one stands up to the best.   The did have one signature mug available for sale which I appreciate.   The decor was done very tastefully and included many true vintage items mixed in with some new.  Next time we are in town, we'll be back for sure.Latitude 29... My first real tiki bar experience. If you're Tiki inclined and find yourself in the French Quarter do not pass up Latitude 29. The drinks are top notch and bartender Brad was friendly and definitely a pro. The surroundings are very tiki-esque but not cheesy in any way. Cheers to Beachbum Barry for putting together such a great experience.Miami had Lebron, Dwyane Wade, and Chris Bosh. OKC had Westbrook, Harden, and Kevin Durant. Latitude 29's big three would have been vetoed by David Stern. It just isn't fair to the competiion with Jeff "Beachbum" Berry, Steve Yamada, and Hadi Ktiri at the helm. Great drinks -- a must see on the new "Tiki Row" of the Quarter.The is one of my favorite cocktail bars in the French Quarter. It's a small Polynesian bar on the inside of the Bienville House Hotel (it does not belong to the Hotel). 
The cocktails are creative, pretty and delicious. I like the Latitudes drink and the KeyColada! There is a lot of love that goes in to this menu. They also offer a great burger too.Stopped in for lunch and was Way Surprised - but pleased at décor.  Service was very good and food excellent. I didn't try the drinks but referred a co-worker who said they were great and night atmosphere terrific.  Welcome new Business!Drinks were amazing and different then anywhere else I went in New Orleans. I had a rum barrel and Mississippi mermaid and both were great. Food was good and had vegan options for my friend which was hard to find in the cityAwesome place! Happy hour from 3-6 with some good food and drink specials. The regular menu is pretty fantastic for fun tropical drinks. I had a Bacon and Kimchi Bahn Mi to eat that was great and worked through a couple good cocktails including the Espresso Bongo. The inside of the place fits the theme well but you can accidentally walk by the entrance pretty easily. It is worth a stop to relax and have a drink away from the Bourbon Street madness!