Pretty restaurant.......nice menu.......might have been good food but we'll never know.  The owner (manager?) snapped at his staff in front of the customers.  They wouldn't seat us outside because they were "saving" their four top for a larger party. (no - it wasn't reserved.  They just wouldn't seat a party of two at a four top)  We sat inside and when no one had come to greet us or take a drink order after ten minutes, we walked out - right past the by-then three empty outside tables.  
We won't be back.Props to Christina D. For the suggestion.  Bearcat is a funky place but in a good way.  Everything that I saw had the cute little cat imprint on it.  Besides the eclectic feel of this place the food is on another level.  We ordered a vegan queso for the table of 4 and I was pleasantly surprised. It tastes exactly like cheese dip.  It had a good kick and the tortilla chips had the right spice.  I ordered the rancheros with potatoes and my girlfriend got the vegan quesadilla with blueberry pancakes. Our friend got the bearcat breakfast with banana foster pancakes and christina got the vegan burger.  The rancheros were delicious but those potatoes though. They have this delicious crisp and seasoning that brings the potato game up a notch.  I also had some of the quesadilla and pancakes.  They were good as well.  I think I'm gonna have to come back to this place for sure!This place is amazing!! It has something for everyone! Took my vegan niece here and she said it was so good! I really hope they stick around and people hear about them! I've told all my friends to go!Everything was awesome from the food, to the service, to the homemade tea! We tried it for the first time for lunch and came back that Sunday for brunch!Food was amazing!!! We ordered vegan and vegetarian items off of the breakfast and lunch menu, everything we got was delicious!Honestly, best breakfast I have had in a long time. I am allergic to milk, and there are so many cool dairy free, gluten free and vegan options that I cannot wait to come back here with my friends who also have food allergies.sooooooo yummy. Best brunch in New Orleans. Perfect for vegans and meat eaters alike. Be prepared for a long wait for a table- but the wait is worth it.Delicious food, good service, nice atmosphere, amazing latte art! We had a great experience at Bearcat for breakfast. We got the Vegan Bearcat (Tofu scramble served with oh so crispy potatoes and black bean sausage) and Vegan Rancheros (Sweet potato tortilla with black beans, house salsa, avocado, and cashew crema). I loved the Vegan Bearcat and would definitely order it again. I also got the Matcha Latte which was incredible and the perfect amount of sweet and bitter.Now one of my husband and I's favorite spots! We walked in on a Sunday at 2:30pm it was pretty busy. The wait was very short and the staff was very attentive even while we were waiting. We ordered the cat daddy biscuit and the Bearcat breakfast with bison sausage and added pancakes. Everything was amazing! It's a lot of food and the price was great! Before we left we ordered a almond milk vanilla latte which was also very delicious! The wait for the food didn't take long and the staff is very friendly and welcoming!Very good food! Loved the matcha latte. Really great service tooo...we are suckers for great service. Good ambiance. The waiters looked casual cool and very friendly! All in all very good experience.  We will be back for sure!Great coffee, tasty healthy options which is hard to find in Nola. Outside sitting available. Luckily not too busy, yet. I also really liked the friendly staff.As someone who eats mostly veggie I have been wanting to visit the Bearcat Cafe for a while. Tropical storm Gordon provided the perfect opportunity to get out and enjoy a fabulous vegan-friendly breakfast. I have been fighting a cold so upon entering the cafe ordering a delicious hot beverage was my first goal. The menu features a variety of beverages including a chai latte. Being a huge fan of a spicy chai this was an obvious choice. My chi latte was perfect! Spicy, creamy, and comforting. In fact it was so delicious I ordered a second one! For my entree I had the Vegan Bearcat. Every bite of this dish was exquisite! The potatoes were perfectly crispy. The tofu scramble was well seasoned and flavorful. However, the black bean sausage was my absolute favorite part of the dish! I will be back to enjoy another dish from the Bearcat Cafe ASAP!! Thank you, Bearcat Cafe!I was very impressed (and deserving of a five star review) when Bearcat first opened. My wife and I took both sides of our family here over the holidays and even came twice in one day!
But I can't agree more with the other reviews about the hostess. She doesn't make this restaurant worth a visit. My wife and I came for a late lunch at 2pm one day with our two young daughters. The hostess quoted us a 30min. wait. We waited over 1 hour, watched as others passed us for a table, then they tried to seat us (a family of four) at a two top. They suggested we could just put our 2mo. old in a car seat on the floor, in the middle of a crowded busy restaurant. There wasn't even space for a high chair for our toddler to eat. 
Today, I gave it one more shot. Again, the same hostess. Two parents, same daughter in a car seat. When there wasn't a two top available, but there was a 4 top, she told us we could wait. "Oh, we're saving that one for bigger parties." There was no one else waiting for a table. 
There's one thing you must get right when you're in hospitality. The hospitality part. Recognize parents that come to your restaurant. Treat them with respect and give them a table. Their kids are people too, even if they're not eating. Very poor form.I visited fire breakfast and there were so many options to choose from. I had the Bearcat breakfast with a blueberry pancake and bison sausage...AWESOME. The wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable.Went here for breakfast and  ordered the Cat Daddy Biscuit, was really delicious.  I was really impressed on the open kitchen and how the whole line was being run.  I honestly can't say I have seen someone run expo at a breakfast place.  Really professional and great value for what you get.  I can't say I had a better meal that weekend I stayed in New Orleans.
I tried a bit of my friend Shrimp and Grits, also amazing.  And their home fries are top notch.Great find! Breakfast was amazing, best pancakes and crisp potatoes I've had.  Bison sausage was tasty. Can't wait to come back have lunch.We decided to come here last minute with a party of 9! First, the coffee is excellent. However you like it-- black, with cream, almond milk-- excellent. The food is great. We all enjoyed the bearcat breakfast WITH pancakes, and the chia seed pudding was a bowl full of deliciousness. The service was great!! Thank you to our server and Nick (I think the owner) for being so kind and accommodating to our crazy bunch. For being open only 15 days this place is off to a great start. We will definitely be back next time we're in town.This bustling cafe is in a rather convenient location just off of Freret Street and next to the hospital, and offers a dichotomous menu of hipster health food (good cat) and Southern indulgences (bad cat).
The good cat menu is vegetarian and vegan-friendly, and I arrived for an early lunch to sample some sweet potato noodles. The vegetables they came with were ample, and I would struggle to characterize the resulting flavor combination except to say that it seemed an Asian-American fusion. I wasn't wowed, especially by the price/portion ratio, but I certainly was intrigued enough to be back for breakfast.
They're nominally a breakfast and lunch place, but they do have some interesting dinner popups sometimes that I would also consider checking out. As far as coming for a weekend brunch, I'd be careful, simply because the dining area is not big and there seem to be crowds and waits quite regularly. I imagine they're waiting for something good though.If you're looking for traditional New Orleans, go somewhere else.  I thought for a minute I was in  an Ikea warehouse in southern California.  The menu was unusual in a good way (vegan, vegetarian and meat options - some very good variations on standard dishes in addition to some original dishes).  The thing that struck me from beginning to end was the absolute immaculateness of the place.  Not something we're used to in New Orleans.  For someone who always pays attention to a restaurant's bathroom, I would have to give this place a "10" if that were possible. The service was great; the food was delicious.  Aside from feeling a little nostalgic that perhaps it won't be long before New Orleans was like every other U.S. city, and the annoying presence of flies at my table (ick), I was impressed.  I especially like the idea that Bearcat is close to Ochsner's so that there is a healthy food option for medical patients.This is our favorite breakfast spot! I love that they have gotten super popular but it means there is a little wait each time. No worries, they are great at getting people in pretty quickly. My wife has become quite the regular during this pregnancy. So much so that the owner picked up our tab one morning! 
Our extremely picky 2 year old gets and literally cheers when his pancakes with Nutella arrive. My wife gets the vegan breakfast off the "good" cat menu with the potatoes and I get the Banana Foster with Paleo pancakes! Yummy!! Their Thai Tea was amazing, as well. Everything we have had so far is awesome. Love the decor as well, very clean and modern. We have taken everyone we know here, please stay forever. We love Bearcat!We showed up on a busy morning so it was about 40 minutes before we got a table, but the wait staff was very efficient and we were served pretty quickly. My friends got the chia pudding and said it was really filling; I got the vegan rancheros, which was delicious, but I was still kind of hungry by the end of it. Definitely my fault since the waiter had mentioned that the vegan quesadilla's portion size was a bit larger than the rancheros', but I decided not to listen.
Mostly 5 stars because of the service: one of my friends left her keys on the table, and our waiter (Jason H.) chased us about a block down Freret to give them back. Thank you!!This place is aaamazing! Cozy neighborhood spot... great coffee & wonderful food! Was in town for a few days & I just couldn't get enough of this place. Shrimp & grits were out of this world... and the biscuit cajun gravy crawfish thing was fantastic! So much that I had that TWICE.. Love it here. A must go to spot!Excellent vegan brunch, food am not a vegan but really enjoyed the Vegan Quesadillas & my Burch companion had the Vegan Bearcat. The tofu scramble, crispy potatoes, and cashew queso were highlights. We weren't as impressed with the vegan breakfast sausage. The service was good up until it was time for the bill. The table next to us had a difficult time getting their bill correct and still ended up paying an incorrect bill. Ours just took a very long time to get. We will definitely rerun but hope the waiter works out billing issues.Fan. So glad I don't live within walking distance because I would stay here. I had the crawfish, sausage biscuit and added an egg over easy which is called the Cajun Gravy Biscuit. Oooweee. So yum. It was supposed to be a small plate, but I didn't finish it and sadly didn't have room for pancakes. The coffee is tasty, and the space is so calm and welcoming. The healthy options make this place stand out. Can't wait to find an excuse to come back.By far one of the best brunch places with vegan options. We were greeted immediately with the option of being seated inside or outside. We told the host whichever had the first availability. We were seated outside. The drink options are endless and fresh, they come in glass bottles and can be served in a cup with ice. For breakfast and lunch you have the option to order from the "good cat" (vegan) or "bad cat". I ordered the vegan rancheros with paleo pancakes and both were very flavorful! This restaurant has the best of both worlds and I can't wait to come back and try out their lunch menu.Delicious food.  They make yummy entrees and appetizers with unique ingredients, like cashew sauce and farrow.  Brunch was amazing.  The potatoes and bison sausage were so good, as were pancakes and eggs.  The menu is a little on the smaller side, though, especially the lunch menu.  Service is also a bit slow, especially during brunch hours.  It took at least 20 mins for our food to show up.  Staff is very attentive and friendly.  Do visit at least once!  We went twice :) in three days.So I'd heard so much good stuff about Bearcat cafe. That I decided to give it a try for brunch last Saturday. 
It was busy, it's brunch. The host greeted my right away. I asked if I could sit outside since there was a table open. He said it was going to be a few minutes could I please have seat on the couches while I waited. Well someone who arrived after me got seated at the table outside. The host came over and told me they could seat me at the bar or I could be served right here on the couch. I was confused. He then asked me if I was there to work or have brunch. I guess cause I was a party of one, he thought I was there to hang out(?). I told him I was here for brunch. So he said I could have a table if I ate and left. Kinda made me feel rushed. (Note I never sit at bars in restaurants to eat. I'm too short to sit on a stool.) 
I ordered the London Fog to start and I loved it. 
On to the food, the menu is divided into "good cat" and "bad cat". I got the short stack of pancakes and the crab scramble. The food was wonderful. The crab scramble had lots of crab  in it and the eggs were done just right. The potatoes that came with it were really good. Dark on the outside but super creamy on the inside. 
The short stack was some of the best pancakes  I've had at a restaurant in a long time. They were a nice size too. I could only eat half of what I ordered. I hardly ever ask for my food to be boxed up but here I did. 
The wait staff was nice. The place has contemporary decor. For brunch it was very busy, there were people waiting outside to be seated when I left. 
I'm giving it 5 stars for the food I was really impressed for the price. That little thing about being seated just did not take away from it. 
I swore I took photos but I guess I deleted them. I get some next time cause I will be back.Super Hip spot, usually a 15-30 minute wait on the weekend for Brunch, worth every bit. Fusion of local cuisine, with adaptations for vegans (good cat) and non vegans (bad cat). 
Service is pretty quick but they have struggled with drinks, both time I've been here. 
Food is great, options for the healthy and non healthy, vegans and non vegan. Pancakes or lighter fare, all are very good.
Can be a bit noisy, but overall ambiance encourages the louder chatter. 
Pretty cool how they partner with local artist, all plates, cups, mugs, and milk saucers are handmade pottery. Adds to the vibe they have set in place.Bearcat is a phenomenal brunch place in NOLA. It is one of the few great sit-down places that do not require you to trek all the way to the quarter for some quality breakfast food. I have been here three times now, each time better than the last. They have an eclectic menu and just about anybody, even the pickiest of eaters would be able to find something they like. 
My go-to dish is the egg white scramble with mushrooms. Such a simple dish turned diverse. The creaminess the cheese adds combined with the freshness of the mushrooms makes your typical omelette really stand out. 
THE POTATOES. These are addicting. Fried, crunchy, greasy - dope. Ask for a side of sliced avocado to make you feel better about eating these!
The only item I tried here (off my friend's plate) that I did not enjoy were the scallops. Then again, who orders scallops at a place like this? I blame his judgement and will not judge Bearcat too hard on their seafood dish. 
Will be back!If you are vegan, this is the ultimate breakfast spot. I so love how they have there own in house teas and milk. The food was exceptional and I will truly be back on my next return to New Orleans.So so good! All the food was amazing with great flavors. I had the blueberry pancakes which really surprised me how good they were.This is a small cafe in what used to be a house that serves breakfast and lunch. It does not take reservations and is popular, so expect a wait if you go after 9 a.m. We lucked out on a Sunday morning, as a table had just become available on the porch, and the weather was perfect. 
My spouse had the London fog tea, while I had the drip coffee. London fog is a must have! It is a work of art that tastes every bit as good as it looks. The coffee is good and strong and will wake you up if you are tired. 
For the meal, I had the crab scramble and my spouse had the mushroom with egg whites. Both of our dishes came with the crispy potatoes. As another reviewer said on here, both of us were amazed at just how crispy the potatoes are and yet not burnt. There were some burnt pieces but the potatoes themselves were cooked perfectly. 
The crab scramble was simply exquisite. The crabmeat and scrambled eggs were perfectly mixed together so that every bite contained just the right amount of crabmeat and egg. The flavors married together into perfect bliss. The mushroom and egg white plate also had a good flavor. 
The service was good. Our server was busy -- this place is quite popular, as I said -- yet she did a good job of keeping our waters and my coffee full.I LOVE this place! They have many options for both vegans and non-vegans (or carnivores as my waiter called us). I greatly appreciated how patient they were with my indecisiveness. Ultimately, we split the cave breakfast and the chia pudding. I think the paleo pancakes were probably my favorite part, but everything was excellent!There's a couple vegan options on the menu that are excellent, very happy with the staff and service. For a brand new business, they are off to a great start. If you're looking to try vegan here, I recommend the vegan sandwich, it was delicious!This place is a delight! New Orleans has a ton of great food options--but this is the only place we visited twice. 
The menu has offerings for everyone (which is tough when you're traveling with a picky carnivore and a vegan). The food is straightforward and fresh. 
Don't miss the crisp potatoes! Everything we had was yummy. And all the drinks are delicious. I had a London Fog, Chai Latte, and a cappuccino. My husband loved the black tea with orange, and my friend had the cold brew. 
Service is warm and friendly and the restaurant itself is lovely and bright. My friend an I loved this place so much, we bought shirts. 
There's a ton of attention to detail at Bearcat from the food to the drinks and the decor. Check it out!Was not real excited at first with the long wait at over an hour and the menu did not seem that appealing because it highlighted the vegan and vegetarian lifestyle, which I never had good experiences with. My friends who live in New Orleans swore by the food, however, and the constant flow of customers coming and leaving had me interested. The menu is a single handout with a dozen entrees for breakfast on one side and on the other side are a dozen entrees for lunch. Vegetarian and "healthier" options are under the "good cat" category and the meats and fried options are under "bad cat". The service was really great with a knowledgeable and attentive staff. We started off with a side of biscuits with pepper jelly, which were average. I ordered off the bad cat menu and got the hot chicken sandwich, which was highly recommended by our waitress. It was a really delicious piece of fried chicken that was packed with flavor and a good kick of spice. It came with house fried potatoes that were also really good. Some of the best potatoes I've ever had actually. The only thing was by the end of the meal, all the grease and oil consumed will hit you and make you feel like you should have ordered off the good cat menu. I still really enjoyed the flavors and dish overall. My friends enjoyed their meals too and everyone left really happy and satisfied. The food here is filling and will leave you full for the rest of the day. This isn't a great place for a large group so be prepared to split into groups of 4 at most and also expect a wait especially on weekends. Definitely worth checking out if you the time and in the area.Great place for vegans and meat eaters alike. We went for breakfast and had a completely plant based meal. It was delicious and we'll definitely be back!actually, no stars.
i went there about a month ago. we walked in and asked for an outdoor table.  one of the waitresses was about to seat us when a manager came over and rudely told her no. he then told us no outdoor tables were available and sat us at a small two top. i guess they wanted to save the outdoor table for a party of four. after waiting to place our drink order for five minutes and getting no service, we left and went to wayfare.First time my wife and I went, we were ok with the food and price. Decided to go back a second time to see if it was better. 
Medium length black hair on top of my scrambled eggs. 
Won't go back.I think the food is okay, nothing special or rememberable. I had the shrimp and grits and my date had the hot chicken. The shrimp and grits was very good. It was very flavorful and came with huge shrimps. My date's hot chicken was a hot mess though. It was so bad, he only ate a few bites. I also took a few bites and agreed it was very bad. It's probably worst than my cooking. The chicken has a spicy and super salty flavor. It was such an odd seasoning. However, the worst part was there were tons of sauce dripping out of the burger which made it so soggy and nasty. I also ordered their latte and it was very good. Decoration and design is very cute. I might come back for the lattes only.What I want from every restaurant: a balanced menu between vegan and non-vegan options! 
This one delivers. Located on a side street near the Oschner Baptist hospital, there is plenty of on street and lot parking. Ample porch space for outdoor seating and a good sized place inside. 
We arrived about 12:35 on a Tuesday and with a party of four, it looked like there was one table open - so perfect for us. Had coffees first (no brunch bevs /alcohol btw) then the vegan queso app, which everyone enjoyed even the non-vegans. 
I (the vegan) had so much trouble deciding on my dish but eventually went with the portobello melt. It was delicious - but the standout in that particular dish were the potatoes. Who knew they could be so perfectly crispy and good? These were exceptional potatoes that really, really stood out. They used many varieties of special mushrooms in the dish which was a nice touch. 
Everyone else loved their dishes and serving sizes were ample. You can order from breakfast or lunch side of menu during lunch time. I just really appreciate a place that balances in a reasonable way vegan with non vegan options (you know, treating plant based diets as a normalized choice!) and the fact this place made it all tasty makes it one on my list to return to.Sooo this restaurant was the bomb for breakfast.  I ordered eggs, potatoes and black bean sausage.  The food was really good.  The potatoes were amazing.  They were well seasoned and I couldn't get enough of them.  The pancakes were delicious. I was so full, I took my pancakes back to the house and ate them later.  I really loved that it was vegetarian friendly.  I would definitely recommend this spot for breakfast or brunch.We got in early for Sunday breakfast and didn't have an issue getting a table right away, but not 30 minutes after we arrived the place was on a wait.  The food was amazing and my cafe au lait was perfect.  It was a little loud, I think it would be helpful if they hung some noise-absorbing panels from the ceiling.My new favorite place for breakfast in NOLA! The first, and most important, thing is their coffee is awesome. The biscuit with the pepper jelly and compound butter is an absolute must every time you go. I had the breakfast club as my meal, everything was cooked perfectly, the tomatoes tasted home grown, and the sourdough bread was delicious. I love the texture of the crisp potatoes, but my one criticism of my whole experience would be the seasoning on the potatoes, I would prefer them simple, salt, pepper, and fry! The service was excellent, the GM even participated in service and chatted with us briefly about the background of the building and restaurant. I love the feel of the place with the cool industrial metals, warm cypress wood, and pops of green from live plants all over. I appreciate their uses of mason jars as decor and storage. Also, their rustic plates and cups are neat. Oh, and I love the two areas with sofas, if I lived nearby I would make that space my office! I really can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu!My first visit was a good experience. The wait was supposed to be 20 minutes we were sitting within 10 minutes. So many people must not know that there are two great comfortable spots to wait inside instead in the heat outside. In the front by the window is a comfy sofa and in the back of the restaurant is a nice waiting area. We ordered a delicious breakfast. I had the blueberry pancakes that was so good & filling. My hubby ordered eggs, crispy potatoes & grits. We enjoyed everything. The place is a bit loud but all was good.Amazing every single time. The pancakes are some of he best I have ever had. Love the atmosphere, and speciality drinks/ lemonades.A nice modern space with delicious food. The staff were super nice and courteous. I went to the bad cat side, and had myself a full breakfast. Their sausage is bomb, you can tell they make it themselves. The potatoes also stood out--slightly crunchy and full of flavour. I also got one of their house made kombuchas to go, smooth and slightly sweet.After such stellar reviews I was expecting a lot...and was sorely disappointed. 
Wait wasn't too bad for a weekend, but after ordering our food it wasn't delivered for over an hour! Waiter couldn't be bothered to check on us (maybe he was embarrassed about the extreme wait for our food?) 
Once food arrived we were underwhelmed. Bland, lukewarm and greasy. The only positive is the coffee was fantastic. 
We won't be returning; there are better options in New Orleans.Love this place. I went there this morning for breakfast with my husband. There were a lot of people standing outside so we assumed there was a long wait. Turns out it there wasn't! We were sat right away and chose to sit by the bar. They have a bunch of vegan/vegetarian and meat-eater options. I got the Shrimp and Grits and my husband got the Vegan Ranchero. They also have a wide selection of house made juices, kombutcha, and teas. I'd recommend the cucumber mint lemonade. The bar is situated right in front of the kitchen so you get to see all the tasty plates coming out before yours is ready. The food was delicious, the staff were pleasant and welcoming, and the price didn't break the bank. Definitely going back soon.Did I want to be a good cat or a bad cat?  That was the dilemma.
I resolved it by going bad cat with the blueberry pancakes.  Light as a cloud, creamy from the ricotta, and vanilla notes.  Supposedly there also was lime, but I didn't taste it. Then those wonderful blueberries scattered about.  
So then I decided to atone for the pancakes with the vegan quesadilla.
(Good cat.)  Deep earthy flavor from the mushrooms, sweet caramelized onion, quest fresco, avocado, sandwiched into a  tortilla.  You don't concede taste to be "good."
All washed down by their delicious coffee.
Another great NOLA restaurant to start your day.Went to brunch here and ordered the Bison Burger. They gave not one, but two patties! It was extremely juicy and tender. The creole tomato sauce was something else. The potatoes were alright. Some potatoes tasted a bit burnt, though I liked the crispy pieces that were in between perfection and burnt. I had the basil black tea, which basically tasted like Thai tea. It was a good complement to the meal and refreshing for a hot day. My experience with Bearcat has just begun. Service was great. I would absolutely come back here to try the breakfast items. They didn't mind we had our work sprawled out all over the tables. They caught on and used our work papers as coffee coasters.Don't be fooled by the surrounding area. This was a highlight of my time in New Orleans. The espresso is fantastic!!! Make sure to try the breakfast potatoes :)I had Brunch at Bearcat with two friends. This was my first time at the restaurant. The wait for a table was about 30 minutes, but this is expected since the place is new and trendy.  The place is upscale. I ordered the Bearcat Breakfast. It included two eggs, bison sausage, and potatoes. I substituted cauliflower for the potatoes since I'm on a diet (ugh). It turns out that the cauliflower was my favorite dish. The cauliflower was prepared with pesto, lemon, and pine nuts. Yum!Large vegetarian menu that takes up the "good cat" side of the menu...we took no part of it as we are raging carnivores.  I had the Cat Daddy Biscuit which was amazing...everything was cooked perfectly, the sauce was yummy, and the portion was big for being on the "small" section of the menu.  My husband had the Bearcat Breakfast which he enjoyed.  I tried some of the potatoes that came in his meal and it was so delicious.  Kiddo got a short stack w/fruit which included 2 large pancakes and berries...our toddler ate most of his meal and ate the leftover on our way home.  I got their coconut milk cold brew to drink and it was not something I'd order again...there was nothing I could do to make it taste good.  The hostess was friendly...told 45 mins wait on a Sunday around noon but got a table after a quick 20 min wait on their couch.  Bright space with outdoor seating.Having eaten in for breakfast, I can conclude that I am decidedly on the "good cat" side of their dichotomous menu, which features various health food options alongside more indulgent brunch plates. Their vegan bearcat breakfast is a rather impressive creation, featuring what they call "black bean sausages" along with potatoes and scrambled tofu instead of eggs. It was all quite satisfying, and the sort of thing you'll struggle to find vegetarian in New Orleans, and I was quite well nourished for the day. A chai latte sweetened things up nicely.
I would caution any visitor to watch out for crowds at peak times, but go on a weekday if you're in the area. They are not open for dinner per se but offer various pop-ups at times, and I would be happy to give those a shot as well.Place has a great atmosphere with a very cool vibe. It was a busy Sunday morning but our service was very good. Staff was attentive and friendly. We all enjoyed our meal. Obviously prepared with fresh ingredients by a talented staff.Great new little breakfast spot right off Freret! Service was great! The manager made sure to stop by our table to ask how everything was! Menu was amazing, can't wait to go back and try something else in the menu - however the breakfast club will be hard to match!Bearcat was fantastic. We're a chatty trio. Once the food hit the table and we took our first bites, there was dead silence. My son had the kids chicken tenders, ate a good amount of it and we came home with leftovers. Our server was amazingly attentive (Kevin, I believe) and even told me when my phone was going to fall out of my pocket. My partner had the brisket hash and I had the shrimp + grits- our meals were fantastic! Well seasoned, well executed and super fresh. I'm going to take everything in me to stay productive today. Nap time is calling me.This place is the best restaurant in the Freret Corridor (and that says a lot). The breakfast is off the charts. It's a bonus that they have healthy options as well. #grrmeowGreat almond milk cappuccino. I've had it on multiple occasions and it always has great flavor and thick foam. It is hard to find a barista who can make a good cappuccino with almond milk.Bearcat is home to some delicious brunch! 
My friend and I came here on a Friday morning and were seated within 5 minutes. For drinks, I had the Cold Brew, which was perfectly balanced. My friend had the Matcha Latte, which she really enjoyed (and which came with some great latte art!)
To eat, we shared the Vegan Bearcat (Tofu scramble served with crispy potatoes and black bean sausage) and Vegan Rancheros (Sweet potato tortilla with black beans, house salsa, avocado, and cashew crema). Both dishes were delicious! 
If I find myself in New Orleans again, I definitely want to go back to Bearcat and try some of the other delicious-looking breakfast food menu items, as well as their house-made bottled drinks.My new favorite Brunch place for when I am feeling healthy and down and dirty!
Ambiance: Located in walking distance from Ochsner Baptist, Bearcat is on an elevated platform that leads into a modern, chic space. There is a nice outdoor patio for warmer days and a resident cute tabby when we were there. Inside, there are couches by the front windows and the back near the bathroom for some relaxation. There are also wooden tables and half booths in the main dining area with a full view of the open kitchen bar. The overall space was just very clean, well lit, and simple with a Seattle hipster vibe. 
Food: YUM. We got the bottled Guava Mint Green Tea and the Thai Basil Black Tea. While the Guava Mint Green Tea was little more light and refreshing, the Thai Basil Black Tea was more sweet and creamy like a Thai Tea. However, both was absolutely delicious and I cannot wait to return to try their other flavors as well. Onto our entrees! With recommendations from our waiter, we ordered the Scottish Salmon, Shrimp and Grits, Cat Daddy Biscuit, and the Chia Pudding. Wow. It has really been a long time since I can say that every single dish was on point and phenomenal. The Scottish Salmon was crisp on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. Paired with a delicious avocado cream, it tasted like a healthy, savory indulgence, allowing me to forget it was on the "Bad" Cat side. The Cat Daddy Biscuit was a true Cajun dish with a perfectly fried, battered chicken tender on top of a biscuit with savory and flavorful gravy and it was all topped by a delicious egg sunny side up. Definitely a heavy breakfast dish that made my stomach and palate sing of fullness and happiness. The sogginess of the biscuit paired perfectly with the still crispiness of the chicken tender. I am not a fan of grits but wow was the Shrimp and Grits a smash hit. I would even say it is comparable to Surrey's and gives it a run for its money. The sauce was a savory, cream, and again Cajun taste poured on top of soft, tender grits. I could not taste the grains of the grits and that was a huge plus for me. The shrimp tasted fresh and added a simple seafood taste. It also had some wheat bread to make the dish less heavy and less guilty of the richness. Finally but definitely not least, we had the Chia Pudding. My goodness. Wow. It was such a great blend of fruits from blueberries to kiwis to strawberries to grapes to cherries to peaches. All were sweet and freshly cut, placed on top of granola and the chia pudding. The perfect healthy summer dish that made all the other dishes a little less guilty. 
Service: Our waiter was phenomenal! He was friendly, polite, and had amazing recommendations for us. He catered to our food "feelings" on his recommendations and were speedy with delivering food. He cleared the dishes quickly and efficiently and made sure our water was never empty. He also asked us numerous times if we were doing okay. He also noted that we had wanted the Chia Pudding and gave it to us when the kitchen made an extra one. Excellent service!
Final thoughts: From the more savory, heavy dishes to the lighter, healthier options, I was very satisfied with each and every dish. They had dishes for the indulgent and the healthy. The teas were both randomly picked and yet both were delicious and uniquely wonderful as well. I loved them all! The ambiance was clean, chic and modern and service was excellent. Highly, highly recommended and definitely one of my top 5 favorite restaurants in the city!Cute place. My food (vegan quesadilla) was tasty, but my brother's look meh. He had the rancheros and it was mostly just black beans. The fried pickled okra was on point though. Our server seemed generally confused. The kitchen staff was screaming at the servers from the open kitchen. But the menu was diverse, so I feel like I could take a crowd there and everyone would be happy.I've worked in the service industry for over 10 years and I don't know if I've ever been this satisfied. Bearcat is such a beautiful place. The atmosphere is clean and warm. The presentation of everything is beyond stunning. The food and drinks are served on these handmade pottery dishes and it just made me feel so at home. I couldn't stop staring at them. The food is divine. The service was exceptional. Our server was so attentive and aware of our needs. The manager was kind and compassionate. This place made me start my day in such a beautiful way. Thank you Bearcat!Super yummy solid vegan options!!! Wish they offered a vegan pancake dish - but still, super good food! Service was also very good!I am a vegan and the food here is phenomenal!! There were plenty of choices and I will be back and bring my vegan and non vegan friends and family!!One of the best meals I had in NOLA over a week-long stay, beating out some of the fine dining and award winning restaurants.  They have a smart menu with healthier (good cat) and indulgent (bad cat) offerings.  My husband and I both went "bad", I got the Cat Daddy fried chicken thighs with crawfish gravy over biscuits and he got the Shrimp & Grits.  Both dishes were out of this world good, they were plated with care and you could taste every ingredient in the best way.  Service was also top notch.  We didn't finish our meals and we were literally full the entire day.  Wish I had a chance to make it back to try more of the menu, definitely on our list for any future trips.
It was less than a 30 minute bus ride from the quarter, but you can also take the street car for a more scenic route.The food here is ahhhhhhmazing! 
When you wanna treat your body right and a little bad at the same time.
When you wanna be slim thick, so you order a chia seed pudding bowl with a 'side' of shrimp & grits. 
Then you feel guilty for eating the shrimp & grits so you decide to try some (more like half) of your fiancé's house-made yogurt w/ granola. 
But the pancakes he ordered are screaming at you & the only way to shut them up is eat em.. so you do what you gotta do.....  
Lawd, I do not regret one bite. Everything we tried was on point! Will def be back to try more items.
Beautiful space, great food, and even better energy!This place is amazing. We were greeted outside the door by a sweet lady. Customer service is great, everyone is so nice here. I like that they serve you water when seated. I recommend getting the Cat Daddy Biscuit! The biscuit was so fluffy and moist. The chicken was crispy, juicy and flavorful. And the creamy crawfish sauce on top made it even better. I was scared to try the vegan queso because I'm a picky eater, but it was so good. This is the go to spot when my friend and I go out for brunch, we leave satisfied every time.Being allergic to wheat, I was immediately attracted to the paleo pancakes and clearly labeled menu.  Naturally I chose the Bearcat breakfast w/ the paleo pancakes which were quite tasty. The potato's were also a hit and the coffee there is amazing. I was disappointed that my eggs were over cooked (got them scrambled but they had been left on the heat too long and burned at the bottom) same for my boyfriends meal, he of course got the regular pancakes, which he was very happy about. But his eggs were burned also.Wonderful! A new place that is veg-friendly!! You know I had to check this place out. 
It's absolutely what I expected, and I left with a satisfied tummy and contentment. 
The location is pretty close to Freret St. (basically on the corner), & they have Wi-Fi for those who want to come here to study and grab a bite. 
The atmosphere was so dainty, chic, and clean. There were hints of greenery, as there were plant pots along the wall. 
Their whole theme of the "bad" and  "good" cat menu is so amusing, but it's helpful for those who want to narrow down their healthy vs. unhealthier options. 
There are plenty of vegan dishes that are not boring, flavorless, or a "side dish". 
I had the farro bowl, and it was filling and super flavorful. There were pieces of nori in it, some sort of pieces of nuts, and black beans. It was basically like your typical idea of a "buddha bowl".
The vegan sandwich, which was also really good. The pesto was tasty, along with their caramelized onions/tomatoes, and etc. that is stuffed in the sandwich. The potatoes that came with it were BOMB. Maybe because I barely eat garlicy potatoes often, but sheesh, they were good. 
Also, they have various drinks, and I noticed they had different types of lemonades like strawberry and cucumber mint. I had the regular lemonade, and it was refreshing. It tasted light, instead of those syrupy/heavier types of lemonades. It was packaged in a cute glass bottle. 
They also have this chai + almond milk drink (for those who are lactose-intolerant/vegan), which is super cool!! 
Overall, love this place. Check it out! The service was great, and they constantly checked on my friends and I.Amazing for me (vegan) and my boyfriend (nonvegan)! We love this place so much!Maaaaaan! Very few times in my dining experience have I felt so inclined to tip not only my server, but the kitchen staff as well. I typically "To Insure Prompt Service" with the hopes in mind that the wait staff does tip out their kitchen as well. I mean, they are the ones responsible for why restaurants become your favorites. Outta sight, outta mind tho, right? Not here. The kitchen is right in eye-sight set in this new, trendy corridor of Freret st. 
I've been meaning to step in here for a good while, and it was all too long of a wait before it happened. Even though we walked in just about an hour before closing, we were still met with good service and some truly delicious meals. 
I ordered the bison burger which was cooked to medium-rare perfection however my girl got the "Cat Daddy" and I almost ordered another one for myself it was so...damn...GOOD! I mean, they have an all-day breakfast menu, what's not to love here?! Everything on the menu sounded amazing and there's plenty of options for vegans too. I'm so ready to get back and try everything!Been there twice during my visit to NOLA.   Definitely one of my favorite spot.   Good coffee and great food.This place had potential with the cute atmosphere and incorporating two menus (vegan and non-vegan) but the food was disappointing.Awesome food, with solid, local ingredients. The healthy and less healthy options is a cool concept. Great for vegetarians, too. And they have wonderful people working there!I had the Vegan Bearcat and it was very good. Loved the tofu scramble and potatoes. They also have a large selection of fresh juices.This place is amazing. We stopped in for a quick coffee on our way to yoga (ps there's a great looking studio up above the cafe but they weren't open yet the morning we visited.). The food menu looked delicious, including vegan and paleo options, and the coffees are so delicious. I got a coconut milk cappuccino and they actually make their own coconut milk here. It was delicious and creamy and they even had coconut nectar for sweetening. Everyone was super friendly too. I don't live in NoLa but I'll definitely be back next time I visit.Just go. I cried a little it was so good. Split the vegan quesadilla and vegan ranchero with my friend, 10/10 recommend.Not that this place needs anymore praise, but I am compelled nonetheless. I was particularly blown away today when I was seated at the bar and had an opportunity to observe the line (it is an open kitchen). The kitchen staff were among the most professional I have seen. It was really busy and for those guys to be back there busting ass, working as a team, paying attention to detail, and keeping communication light and professional for the sake of the customers is amazing. Great job!  Who ever does the recruiting has an eye for talent.  Food and service top notch.