Soooo... I accidentally stumbled upon this restaurant while walking down the street. Vibe here is nice and easygoing. The strawberry lemonade is perfection in a bottle. The crawfish bread is delicious.  The prices are very  reasonable. Do yourselves a favor and head on over here! You will not be disappointed.The spinach dip is very good. They gave me so much that I had to stop at the store and buy more pita chips!This restaurant has such delicious food. The Sunday brunch is amazing with so many choices. The staff is very friendly and kind.Nothing makes me happier than a small unpretentious place making great food.  Beaucoup is exactly that.   Located on Canal, this Creole cafe looks like a contemporary quick service restaurant but serves food that is far beyond quick service.
Our party of three joined a line to order when we walked in.  The line passes by a cafeteria-style hot food section where we all picked the equivalent of a meat and two.  It is important to note that Beaucoup devotes an entire section of its menu to vegetarian dishes so its more like an entree and two.  You can bypass this quick hot food section to order fried chicken, hamburgers, sandwiches.. even onion rings (yes I saw them being made and had total food envy).   Everything is cooked  right in front of you.
The hot food section offers plenty of options that change day to day.  I chose the salmon, okra & rice.   My companions added meatballs, meatloaf & brussel spouts to our feast.  We also got biscuits the size of saucers. The generous servings are placed in styrofoam containers (ok, Beaucoup, time to think green) and you can either take them to one of the 10-12 tables or take them with you.   
We picked up our silverware and snagged an empty table.   I was in love at first bite.  The salmon was seasoned cooked perfectly.. I mean perfectly..and it had a delicious sauce.  The rice was a surprise.. how did they make rice that could be a main dish?  It had bits of sausage and green onion in it and all kinds of flavor.   The fresh okra was stewed with andouille sausage.   Every forkful was heaven.   Of course, we had to try bites of all the dishes.. and I have to tell you, the meatballs surprised me.   They had this light gravy that transformed them into a delicacy.  The brussel sprouts were tender and the saucer-sized drop biscuit was soft inside with just a hint of sweetness on the outside.  The meatloaf was the only bite that did not overwhelm me.  It had been griddled, a nice touch, but it lacked the wow factor of the meatballs. 
We all vowed to return to Beaucoup to try other dishes, especially the vegetarian ones and those homemade onion rings.    It is definitely worth a stop...even if you have to go out of your way.The place was a little hard to find. It's in the back of a grocery store. Once back there there's a hot food line set up. They also cook to order but I didn't try any of that. I ordered off the hot food line. Food was amazing!!!!! Everything was flavored so well. I know they just opened a new location on Canal St. I can't wait to visit their new location!Unfortunately, my experience was not like the others below. This place is very small about ten tables, which is fine but how long we had to wait for our eggs and French toast doesn't add up. This is a buffet breakfast with unlimited mimosas. We were told that the mimosas would be brought to our table. We got our food and sat down, 30 minutes later... still no mimosas, still no eggs that they said would also be brought to our table. We had to go in to get our own mimosas. We asked one of the waitresses about the status of our order and she literally rolled her eyes at us and started walking away. An hour and a half later, I go to the counter for the sixth time to state I haven't gotten my eggs or French toast and requested a refund. Throughout all of that time that I was there, new people sat down next to us and got their eggs and other items delivered to their table. I'd like to mention that we were there before many of this people. So after an hour and a half, all I had at this establishment was there buffet, which also was barely stocked. I do not recommend this place.We went to the Sunday brunch buffet and it was delicious. Jerk chicken, pork chops, bacon, fish, grits, rice, red beans, cabbage, potatoes, biscuits, and then you can get waffles, omelettes, French toast, and eggs made to order. They also have bottomless mimosas. My favorite was the French toast. It's crunchy on the outside and warm on the inside with cream cheese icing on top. I can't wait to go back for more!If I could give this place 6/5 stars I would. I walked in after work about twenty minutes before close. The entire staff was super friendly and accommodating. They cooked me a delicious fresh meal with high quality ingredients. I ordered the Buddha bowl and chicken wings and will definitely be back. Don't  miss out on this incredible food!I stumbled on this spot  as a suggestion from shercole K. This spot is very very intimate  (small) as it pertains to seating  availability.  The vibe of the spot is very chilled.  However, this spot got 5 stars from Helen due to the level of comfortability that was offered from when i walked inside the restaurant  to leaving.  The food is made to order. Soon as you order they are dropping  the  food you ordered and they have a great music selection  while you wait. It felt nice. I am nervous about  if this place have large volume of orders how would they handle it ....but i must say they did a good job on cleaning, prepping food,  wtc while i wait. My hostess even offered me a sample of sangria  (homemade=Pretty decent) before  i decided to purchase some. I ordered the deep fried burger . Let me say this " it was too much even for me and i can eat"! I am still fulfilled. You also got beaucoup shoestring french fries with the beacoup burger while eating at Beacoup  Eats! I will be back.The food is just as amazing as their original location. Just go and order whatever you want. You won't be disappointed. Promise!
I had fried fish with sweet potatoes and dirty rice. So delicious. Everything was seasoned well. Everything was so good. It even came with this buttered bread that was so flavorful. I could've eaten a whole loaf. Lol
They also have vegan options available. There's lots of seating inside and a parking lot availableThis food is presented well and is delicious! Well seasoned and makes you want to smack someone's mother!  It's a must visit when you are in New Orleans!This was a very clean and friendly place.  The food was excellent I met the guy when I was a COX he was delivering food and the employees said the food was delicious.   I ordered the CARRIBEAN bowl  and got the STUFFED PEPPERS ( they was full of meat), my dad got the ribs and he said they were like home cooked with love and he is a hard to please man.  Looking forward to going back and enjoy the brunch.    He remembered me and that made me feel more special... I recommend to my GIRLFRIEND who is a VEGAN and she will be going this week while she is out and about.
KEEP UP the GREAT WORK and sharing you PASSION for cooking you can taste the LUV in the FOOD     MIMI MCKThis lady opens up for us for lunch. I'm a vegan and she made me this magical salat with hummus !!! Could not wish for a better one. The others had with shrimp and/or chicken and all where super happy! It's a must go must eat place !!!!This food is presented well and is delicious! Well seasoned and makes you want to smack someone's mother!Thank you guys for catering my wife's graduation party! The food was amazing. The red beans & Mac & Cheese were a huge hit! But the staff is friendly & professional. Food arrived at the venue hot, freshly prepared. Will definitely use them again.  I always stop by the restaurant when I'm in town also. Food is always delicious. Shrimp poboy & red beans are my favorite. Thanks again!It would have been four stars but I don't want to hear about fucking when I'm trying to eat.  Inappropriate music choice and too loud. Your prerogative to play it, mine not to be subjected to it.  As for the food, what can I say, it's okay. The hot sausage is your best bet with the blueberry lemonade, as the crawfish bread has waaaayyyy too much soggy garlic butter, the stuffed pepper tasted more like crab than ground meat......aannnnd no dessert, so get it off your mind. Service is blah. Support Black owned?First time eating here for brunch on Sunday. Food was amazing. Everything so good. Especially the ribs omg. What you get for the price is incredible. Bottomless and unlimited food. Definitely recommend! They had a DJ this day too so vibes were flowing. Great time here, full stomach.I've been here multiple times and recommend visiting for Sunday brunch. The food options are great! They have a DJ on Sunday's and bottomless mimosas. It's a really fun environment, they also have outdoor seating available.GOOD, GOOD and DAMN GOOD!. Stopped by after reading an article in the local paper and sure glad I did. I did not even check out their menu (will do that next time), just went straight to the buffet-style options since I liked what I saw. Got the salmon, mixed veggies and white beans with shrimp and rice. Everything was seasoned great with spice and heat. I could have made a meal just of the beans. Salmon was cooked great, moist and seasoned well with some kick. Make sure you order the homemade mango lemonade (they also had strawberry lemonade when I was there). SO GOOD. Will certainly be back and check out their menu next time. Plenty for vegetarians, like myself (well pescatarian to be exact) to choose from. In a city where good food is all around, even on a street corner with just a person with a grill or smoker, Beaucoup Eats is worth a visit.This restaurant really dish out some great food! I believe it's fairly new but you would never know it! The service was slow I can't lie but the staff was friendly and welcoming. Which helped me to overlook that factor. I ordered the spinach dip and the vegan hot sausage poboy with fries. The poboy was extremely tasty, it was well seasoned and really had the taste of a Louisiana Patton Smoke Sausage, the bread was soft and not thick, and the fries were seasoned to perfection! I am a huge fry fan so this place knocked it out the park. The atmosphere and ambiance can use some work. It's very homey so some sprucing is needed especially if you want to go on a cute date night. This is just a place I'll grab some food for lunch or dinner to take home. Great food all together and will definitely visit again.Exceptional! Visiting from out of town and had an amazing time. We didn't have reservations but they allowed us in and seated us in no time. Great food during Sunday brunch - a good variety and EVERY SINGLE thing was delicious. The French toast was the best I have ever tasted. 1,000,000 (a million stars). I would come back again and again. I would actually visit NOLA just to come here! It's that good.Best chicken wings I have ever had! Tangy and seasoned batter. Amazing! I can't wait to try the whole menu.Before COVID I visited Beaucoup Eats a lot, since then I have definitely been able to get out and partake in their take out. Which does not disappoint. 
Ordering/ Pickup. You have three options for ordering here. You can call in your order, drive-thru, or take out. I suggest calling in advance to do your order. You can pay when you get to the location. I prefer to go through the drive-thru.
Food. They have different specials each day! Plus their normal menu. It's serious. Call to hear their specials, which is normally delicious. However, during COVID, I have stuck to my beloved wings... LISTEN.... THESE ARE MY FAVORITE WINGS IN THIS CITY. Their fried wings with house seasoning are everything can ask for in a wing! The right amount of season and deliciousness is enough to make anyone happy. You really need to try their wings.  Also... their salmon and fish are always delicious and seasoned to perfection, without overdoing it!
Definitely check them out. Order food for your home takeout date.I can't even begin to explain my gratitude. We're visiting from out of town (group of 12) and had so much trouble finding somewhere to sit us. It was pouring raining and we were absolutely starving. My nephew saw this gentleman outside doing a live painting and he expressed how beautiful the art was. After an exchanged conversation they found out about our food troubles, and despite it all they closed at 6pm.  When this beautiful woman who's named Reed simply stated "I'll cook for you guys". Without thinking twice about it she gave my niece (birthday girl) a bottle of champagne. We were welcomed in and shown multiple paintings throughout the house. Everything was breathtaking!!!! While waiting for our food the dj (Who's AMAZING) played music, turned our little intimate gathering into a full blown party. We did karaoke and danced throughout the evening. Just when we thought it couldn't get better.... BAMMMM THE FOOD CAME OUT!!!!! I swear to you this was the best food I've ever had. I can't believe what the chicken wings  tasted like. The burgers/ po boys all of that. Ahhhh I hate that I'm leaving tomorrow morning because I would most definitely come right back!!!! Best restaurant in Nola Thank you so much for your hospitality we're forever grateful.I ordered the classic burger with fries, jalapeño poppers and topped it off with some bread pudding.  This was my first time here and won't be the last.  The atmosphere is very laid back. As I entered, Maxwell was playing in the background.  As soon as I approached the counter and gave my name...my food was ready and hot.  The only thing that I found wrong was the ranch sauce that was missing for my jalapeño poppers.  I definitely have to come back with my wife.Y'all know what today is!!! 
That's right B.O.F (Black owned Friday)
Cultural fusion is a staple in New Orleans and today's feature, @beaucoupeats does it well! Have you ever heard of gumbo pho?? No? Well let me tell you about it. 
For those who are unfamiliar with pho, it is a Vietnamese noodle soup  The key to a good pho starts with a great broth. 
And this right here was just perfect. 
The dish came with rice noodles , shrimp  , chicken  , and sausage. It definitely reminded me of seafood gumbo, which is one of my favorites. In addition to the noodles, what made this different than gumbo were the toppings. This soup came topped with fresh basil , lime, jalapeños, bean sprouts, hoisin sauce and of course sriracha, definitely highlighting Vietnamese culture with a splash of spice. 
 They also have a hotline. I took home some jerk chicken to go perfectly with my homemade red beans. I loved it, the meat was well seasoned and very tender. 
 With so many great options right in front of you, it could be hard to decide what to eat. In addition to the pho and jerk chicken, they have amazing choices from standard American cuisine, like mac and cheese, ribs, fried chicken, and more.
In the past when I've had gumbo pho, the noodles came in the broth which made them tender and flavorful. This time, the noodles were served on the side, and I put them in myself. It took some time for them to get soft, but luckily I wasn't in a rush.
Overall I would rate this  
P.S. They brunch on SundaysSuper yummy shrimp poboys and fries! I only did carryout because of covid, but service was courteous and kind during call-in and pick-up. Excited to eat there again soon.This spot has a local sheriff putting up tents and having his employees do the work at my tax money. Also I do NOT need to hear " all I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe" on church day.Amazing authentic food a must eat in NOLA. Food is great and the service is super accommodating.
Also have vegan and vegetarian options!!First of all this place has the best spinach dip I've ever had in my life. It's a nice family environment and the foods made to order but it's worth the wait, which really the wait wasn't that long. My sister and I went in with no expectations and we left already planning what we would get the next time we came back!! My only complaint was that they had ran out of banana pudding but we did arrive an hour before closing. GREAT experience here and very nice staff !!You've FOUND IT! If you're looking for GOOD FOOD, with that extra touch of NOLA flair, with a GOOD dash of customer service, you've found your spot! I've had the Beaucoup Blend wings, lemon pepper wings, jerk fish sandwich (if ur not into lots of mayo, be sure to say "lite",) classic burger, seasoned fries, and grilled veggies.  ALL were REALLY GOOD, especially the Beaucoup Blend wings & jerk fish.  Lots of flavor, and just the right texture of crisp! As for customer service, we had an order that wasnt right, and Ellen Rose, the manager, could NOT have been more apologetic, helpful & eager to make it right! Another EXCELLENT FACT: this place is LOCALLY, MINORITY OWNED, and they deliver thru Door Dash! FORGET WING STOP! At BEAUCOUP EATS, you get GREAT wings, and MUCH MORE!I came here for my birthday after a couple locals recommended it. I had a great experience. EVERYTHING and I do mean everything was tasty! The bottomless mimosas were perfect! The staff were friendly and responsive! The DJ was on point! We didn't even have a reservation but we were seated in a timely fashion. I will definitely return! 10/10 would recommend!I haven't tasted the food yet, been waiting for over 30 minutes for my food has pretty much taken away my appetite. If wasn't for the emptiness of the establishment and the hoard of people in the kitchen moving at a snails pace I would have a bit more understanding. 
I haven't tasted the food just yet and honestly if I hadn't waited this long already I would just ask for a refund.Heard great things so I had to check it out with friends. Made a 12pm reservation for Sunday brunch. Stood in line for the buffet. Food was ok. Had to wait for mimosas and had to hunt down a server when we needed refills. Asked for a manager 3 times because we didn't receive our pancakes, waffles, and French toast.Nice little spot on Canal. Clean, comfortable, and nice staff. Food took a little while to receive, but that's because everything is freshly made. Ordered the jerk fish sandwich and have to say that it lacked flavor. The spice was there but the jerk flavors were missing. I did like that it wasn't just fish and bread. The restaurant added mushrooms, tomatoes, lettuce, yellow and green squash, which was different and nice even though the jerk flavor didn't blow me away. Hubby thought the wings were just  ok. If they enhanced the flavors, this could be a very good spot.Food was good. The space s very clean and in a great location. The problem with the Sunday Buffet is having food on the actual buffet and having food made to order at the same time. Because of this, you may have a plate of food from the buffet but you're still waiting on your French toast or waffle and eggs and after 30-45 minutes you're ready to go. Servers were not communicating with one another. Attempted to speak with the manager about the situation especially after parties who came in and ordered after us received their food before us. Manager was not pleasant and attempted to make the French toast/ waffle as he could not/would not give a refund. Refund. It really wasn't about the refund but the quality of the service being received.  Manager did not seem to want to hear that we already waited 45 minutes and were dissatisfied. Once this establishment work out the quirks and take customer complaints seriously then this place can thrive.This place sucks 41.00 at the door and you're served on paper plates no closed tents and Management sucks.  Now for the brunch or lack there of all over the place no fruit and no pancakes.They had me at "comfort food".  I almost hate to share this little gem with you. Selfishly I dont want a line the next time I come. But that's not my nature so here it is.
We asked Corrie what her menu favorites are: she recommended a burger and wings. We got the classic burger with Swiss cheese. It comes with 2 parties dressed and a side of seasoned fries.  I cant even put my finger in the burger seasoning but it is perfectly cooked and juicy juicy juicy! My husband raved about the fries, the perfect side prepared perfectly. We asked for extra crispy and they were happy to accommodate us.
The Beaucoup Wings will have you saying "thank you very much" because you'll wonder how you've lived  so long without them. They are seasoned and fried to a golden glow with a side of ranch. We  ate our burger, tasted one wing and decided to hoard the rest for the lsu game tomorrow. Patience.
The vanilla bread pudding is warm, comforting and not too sweet.
Bonus: my husband raved about the sweet tea.
Bottom line: we loved it and will be back.Wish I could give zero stars.  Went here on a weekday during lunch. Ordered the Caribbean bowl, fried wings, drinks and bread pudding.  Place wasn't really welcoming.  No real smiles except from the man that worked at the VA across the street.  He could definitely give the staff some customer service lessons.  I digress.  After the long wait for the food, I go across the street to eat lunch with my husband where he found a big piece of what looked to be a fly's back in his greens.  I'm sure the rest of the body was elsewhere mixed in the other greens they were serving.  We quickly drove back across the street to let them see the mess they'd served us.  I should've known better because there were flies swarming around the uncovered food while I was waiting.  Anyways, the manager gave us a full refund and even gave us the drinks but I was just disgusted by this to want any other food from this place.This is my favorite lunch and brunch spot! I sometimes order dinner for the family as well. The food is incredibly delicious and the service is amazing. They specialize in making me happy every time I show up!The service was slow , the spinach and artichoke dip was gross, and the chicken was way too salty. I really want to give them another dance and try their ready to order hot food that is in the front of the restaurant. We shall see.So I tried the Sunday brunch buffet.  And everything was delicious, the mimosas were pouring up.
While everything was good, the star of the show was the French toast.  Me and my date both agreed that this was most likely the best French toast we've ever had in this lifetime.  I mean it was crunchy around the crust but the rest was soft.  It was topped with strawberries, powdered sugar and cream cheese.  The cream cheese together with the French toast really just took it too another level.  I mean it was an explosion of flavor!
I would go again and definitely recommend to others.The male owner is extremely unprofessional and was hostile and accusatory toward female customers. The female owner (or wife) promised that she would give a call to rectify the horrible, rude, and volatile service my party of 25 received, this was on June 6th and I have not heard from anyone. They're set up to endure outside events and it literally rained on my party. I could not eat anything as well as 95% of my party. The male owner refused to give a refund to anyone and stated that he was not giving anything. They single handily ruined my Birthday. While I was upset because my party was being rained on They were taking shots with their friends. The entire experience was unprofessional and disturbing to say the least.The owners of this business literally blew my mind with there hospitality and the way they welcomed us out of towners! Catered to our needs. And the food no words to describe how amazing the food was.... such an amazing experienceSpeechless...... Food was so good I had to take my time and enjoy every bit!  Had the rotisserie half chicken, smothered okra, and asparagus and it was the best food I've had so far in NOLA.  We stubbled on this place and our only regret is we didn't know about it sooner or we would have been here everyday!!!  This place had me sucking on the remaining bones til it was dry....Awesome!!My friend made her birthday reservation a month ago for 15 people. When we got there for the Sunday  (6/6/2021) brunch they did not have the reservation and when they finally figured out that we actually made the reservation they did not have a spot or space for us and we're scrambling to try to find tables to accommodate the group.
The hostess who was taking in guest told us that we had to wait for 50% of our table to arrive once we had 50% a second guy came out and told us we had to have 75% present before they will seat us. Keep in mind it was pouring down raining and we were all waiting outside under umbrellas trying to get a seat.
When they were finally able to get us a table they started checking in each guest by having them pay before we ate which was fine until we found out it was $42 per person for a very standard breakfast brunch.
When we got to the table there were not enough chairs or tables to accommodate all 15 guest we grabbed chairs from some empty tables to try to fill it in then we contacted management to let them know we didn't have enough tables to even fit the amount.
The birthday girl was frustrated by the situation and was going to try to find a reservation at another restaurant but when we realized we would just have to stay everyone went and got in line for the Buffet. The buffet  line was extremely packed. We waited 20 minutes to even get to the front of the line and when we got there we're told we could only get one plate at a time for $42. So instead of just letting people have 2 plates so that we wouldn't have to get back in the extremely long and slow line you're only allowed one plate.
When we got back to the table there was another mix up with out table and reservations and chairs. The combination of the rain made whole event a complete disaster.
This was my first time at beaucoup eats and the food was actually really good but I will never ever go there again nor will I ever recommend it to anyone.  There were a number of people in our group that said they would not be coming back as well.
Since I don't like to complain without offering solutions here are some:
1. stop over booking for Sunday reservations. Itdid nothing but piss people off
2. Have  people go to the Buffet line by table to keep the line moving and short.
3. if you're going to charge $42 for breakfast have more options
4. have the carafes for mimosas one per table our group of 15 was giving two carafes of alcohol And then had to constantly find waiters to give us more.
5. more waitstaff for busy days; they were running around like chickens with their head cut off because they could not help everyone who was there at the same timeDay four of orientation at the VA hospital. My new colleague and I were tired of eating in the cafeteria, so we ventured out to Beaucoup because it was the closest, and we were glad we did.
We split a fried shrimp po'boy and a side of greens, and it was plenty for two. Not gonna lie, it took awhile but was worth the wait. The shrimp were hot and fresh out of the fryer, and the bread, thankfully, is not the kind that shreds the roof of your mouth. And the greens! They weren't actually on the menu, but when I asked if they had them, she said, "I can make you some," and asked if spinach was ok. Now, I think of greens as a slow-cooking project, but I felt like I'd committed myself, so I said fine.  There were lots of soft, sweet onions and just the right amount of some kind of pork fat to counteract the health benefits of the spinach. Good lord, they were good!
Like I said, it was not exactly a quick lunch, but the quality is top notch, and everybody behind the counter was very sweet. And they let us split the check between two credit cards, which not everybody will do. Definitely glad I went!I don't know what I've done to be so highly favored; but today the lord saw fit to give me a preview of paradise, in the form of a turkey burger from Beacoupe Eats. 
Turkey burger Not the right words though. The right words don't exist. This was a work of art. I don't know who's working the grill back there today, the 3rd of May in the year 2021 of our lord, but my g your hands are blessed. Your doing gods work. This shit was grilled to perfection. The bun perfectly buttered and toasted. Fries crispy. And here's the twist; this was delivery. This magnificent creation served the styrofoam tomb, rode all the way to my house, and emerged in glorious splendor like it was Easter morning. The only reason there's still one bite left on my plate is because I couldn't bear to see it come to an end. 
Im bout to eat it now though. I have only so much self restraint.We tried the seafood gumbo, a green salad and fried chicken wings. Friendly staff.  Nice place.  The food took a little longer than we were used to. But it all tasted very good.I came to this restaurant for brunch. The Buffet food was pretty good but the service was horrible. I ordered an omelette and after an hour I had not received it. I had to ask the waitress more than once about my order and for the manager. my friend went to ask the manager about the food not coming and the heaters, she was told "It's a buffet so you had other options and they could no control the weather." The problem with that is, they did not have any propane for the heaters. They are not reading the tickets and did not care if your order was wrong. Everyone at my table received the wrong omelette or none at all. Once I got my omelette it was wrong and horrible.. The attitude given was horrible and they would not give a refund.. this was horrible but the food was pretty good.Do not plan to eat here unless you have plenty of time to kill. We placed our order at the counter, and sat at one of the many empty tables at 1:25 pm. It was 2:05 pm before we got our two simple sandwiches. Forty minutes waiting while a number of delivery drivers carried food away was very frustrating, and a bit dangerous because my wife had taken her insulin expecting food to come in a reasonable time (she wisely carries juice for such cases). The food was fine, but not worth the ridiculous wait.Now I'm all about supporting black business but we must do better! Inconsistent describes this eatery! One day they may close early one day not! Sometimes they have this or that . Stopped in yesterday and saw dirty food trays I mean soot I think on the food trays! I won't be back! Asked for bread pudding the woman went down into refrigerated area as dug it out with foil covering not securely on it10/10 the best brunch spot! For 40 dollars, you get unlimited food and mimosas?! Sign me upThe food was amazing. Brunch with bottomless mimosas and French toast, shrimp and grits!!! The staff was attentive and pleasant. Music was on point. Had a great time.I eat at this spot several times a week. The hot bar food is really good. The star for me is the turkey burger on croissant. OMG, one of the best turkey burgers I've ever had!!!Get the bowl!! You won't be disappointed!!!! I love the bow!! The veggies were well seasoned & crisp. So good!If I can give a ZERO star.  Horrible order chicken sandwich HARD as a rock. Called to let them know. The lady said you can bring it back horrible customer service. NASTY :(Came for the Sunday beaucoup brunch. 
Text and made a reservation - got confirmed for noon. 
Showed up at noon and there was a line to pay and enter. We waited outside in the sun for quite some time to get to the front area to pay and was told we would need to wait some more because we're backed up. 
Informed the woman at the front that we had a reservation and she proceeded to roll her eyes and speak to someone about my request. It was clear they weren't prepared for the amount of people that showed up and reservations didn't matter in terms of being seated on time or not. 
We left and chose to eat elsewhere to avoid being in the sun any longer. 
Not a fan of unorganized systems and disrespectful employees. Hopefully this can improve so that we can at least try their food next time.We stopped in for lunch, right when you walk in the doors you are hit with the amazing food smell. I had a simple grilled shrimp salad, others in my group had a ceasar salad, spinach and artichoke dip and a crawfish bake. EVERYTHING was beautifully placed and delicious. The staff was also very friendly. Glad we pulled in for a last second stop. Amazing place!Very great spot.  We enjoyed everything we ordered.   Starting with the stuffed bell peppers.  Everything was cooked fresh.  Our recommendations which I'm sure would please all taste buds.  The salmon bowl,  catfish poboy, the amazing bread pudding and the fresh fruit lemonade.   We will be back as soon as we are in the area again.Came in from Los Angeles and did the Sunday brunch....incredible!!!!!!!!!! Food was amazing. Atmosphere perfect. Clean. Friendly staff. 
My only regret is I didn't get to eat there again lol! 
I'll be back though.Wish I could give this place zero stars. 
1. service truly is slow. My husband's food came out 10 minutes before mine - he was finished by the time I got mine. 
2. Both of our food was cold. His shrimp was tasteless and all the breading on my chicken fell off (and what breading I tasted was very greasy which means the oil was not at the right temperature.)
3. Very expensive for what you get. I paid the up-charge for onion rings and got a very small serving. Not exaggerating when I say 5 onion rings.
Will never be back or recommend. Should have used the money I paid for date night this weekend.Can't give a fair rating because I never got to eat. My party RSVPd for brunch and we never got to sit. We waited around for an hour. Very unorganized. There's no way to check in and no waiting list. So many others just walked in ahead of us and sat. There was no point to RSVP. The staff was nice but clearly overwhelmed. I've been wanting to try this place for a while but maybe Sunday brunch is not the day. I'll try again throughout the week and come back with an update.Food is nice but definitely not worth the hassle. Deal with them when you have time and patience. 40 minutes after I placed my order through the website I got a call saying half my order wasn't available as I was on the way to pick up. When I arrived, I was told to download an app to fix my order. The woman at the register told me "That has to be fixed in the app, and I don't know how to fix that." She offered no assistance to fix a problem that I never caused and made a simple order substitution turn into a ten minute discussion with her and the manager.Great service, great food. I heard the brunch on the weekends is something to check out, so ill be back. I couldn't decide what I wanted so I decided to go for the classic burger, which was very good. The fries were awesome but next time I'll be trying trying the wings. My daughter ordered them and the little bit she shared was amazing. We tried desserts as well, the bread pudding and banana pudding were phenomenal.Wow...
I did a lot of online research for a birthday brunch caterer and came up short due to the holiday weekend.
I'm so happy I found this place! There was a little mixup with order timing, but I applaud the professionalism and customer service.
Every dish was delicious! My group can't stop talking about it! There was no clear winner as everyone had a different favorite dish, but I loved the banana fosters French toast and the shrimp and grits.On this Valentine Day Sunday its $30 per person for a buffet of some tasty options from grits, bacon, french toast, to fried fish, salmon and spaghetti + UNLIMITED Mimosas, water and tea. They definitely kept the mimosas coming which I loved.
I don't know who teedy, uncle and grandma cooking back there but they need an award, ya hear me. This food is GOODT and has all the flavors.
This place is a whole VIBEEEEEE!! I love it. #BlackOwned #blackownedbusiness 
Have you been here before? Whats your thoughts. Drop them down below.Enjoyed brunch here with my brunch group! Owners, management and staff have exceptional service. Delicious comfort food served in a casual environment with a chill vibe. Also, bottomless mimosas and a DJ! $30.00 Brunch on Sundays includes bottomless mimosas, choice of waffles or French toast and all you can eat buffet where staff serve you at your convenience.