Delicious shrimp and grits and good beer selections! It's not super fast but we didn't wait forever either.The Elvis Burger! Dear Lord have mercy it's my new fave burger. Service was EXCELLENT!!! Shaquita, the cook, was so sweet and the bartender, Jason, was fabulous!!! A true old school diner.Very nice staff, very sweet. Bathrooms were very clean. We had milk shakes which were great.Food was terrible and on top of that...SALTY...my family ate half only because we were hungry from a long day of walkingGood old fashioned diner but with purple lights. Conveniently located across from the open air Market but away from the drunks in the French quarter. Nuce!Great place and vibe. A 50s theme with present day stuff. Food and service was excellent. The chicken and waffles were amazing. There was bacon in the waffles which was a surprise. When I go back to New Orleans, this place is a must visit.Great breakfast/lunch place now open 24/7 on the weekends.  Regular diner breakfasts and burger lunch plates, but some NOLA favs too!  Try the adult shakes, and other adult drinks.  You must have one, or two...  It is New OlreanKing cake shots...nuff said.This place looks cute at first glance. Menu is fun but it is filthy from the line to the counters. This place doesn't just need a cleaning it needs sand blasting. Every piece of equipment on line need scouring. Lamp shade have inch of dust. Had I looked a little closer on entry I would of walked out and called the board of health.  The scary part is this place is rather new.Great place with very good service.  We had breakfast here on Sunday 11/29.  Very good food.  Outdoor seating, not crowded.Food was subpar with very little attention from server I felt guilty to ask for our water to get refilled. Don't look too close at walls or fixtures while eating they are all covered in greasy dust balls. The wall behind booth was caked in dust and greasy mess. The prices are crazy high for experience. I had BLT-E and bf had the club. Like $30 after tipMy friends and I went down to NOLA for Gay Pride and stopped in for brunch. It was absolutely amazing! Great service, great food. I would ask for Joe - amazing server !Love the cute and nostalgic decor in the diner. Server was personable and attentive. The food was excellently cooked, I recommend the seafood omelet.Great place right next to the French Market.  Really great burger and drinks.   George makes a great screwdriver with fresh oranges.   Got to try it.   Fun place after shopping and friendly people.This place is a hidden gem! Classic Nola comfort food mixed in with dinner favorites. It's a got a really cool classic 50s atmosphere and decor. Service was prompt and friendly. Now the food ! It was amazing!! I had the burger it was the best one of my life simple but delicious. Their house made pickles are the star though! My boyfriend had the Mardi Gras sampler he's thought it was very good I tried some of it and it's definitely good classic creole food. It's getting 4 instead of 5 stars though because the bathroom was quite dirty but I for sure will be back every time I'm in new OrlandsWooo... there are people that actually liked the food!
Atmosphere     80     Its retro
Service            75      Average
Food                70     Bad.Bad.Bad.
Value               65      The price was okay, the quality wasn't
Keep walking unless you really are yearning to go back to the 1950s.Very good.  Super friendly people.  Nice atmosphere.  Great entrees.  We came at the odd time between lunch and dinner on a weekday - the place was quiet but the staff didn't neglect us or forget we were there - they did a great job.  We enjoyed all the food, would recommend this place highly.Fantastic restaurant! Great food at a great price! Nice, big, great air conditioning!! Better service too! Ask for Joe! Loves his job and his restaurant! Knowledgable about the menu and shares his talent. I will be returning often.... Glad I found this fantastic place!The setting is an old 60s diner which is cute. The food was okay and there are a lot of Southern options including chicken and waffles. We were there for breakfast and all four of us enjoyed our meals but it was nothing to go crazy over. I had the biscuits and gravy which had homemade biscuits that were good. We also tried the chicken and waffles which were good but again not outstanding. The service was lacking as well. Our server was not very attentive. While I wasn't overly disappointed I wouldn't go back.We had the biscuits and gravy and the LA style French toast; both were delicious but nothing above and beyond! Service was top notch!Was there last week with hubby. They were trying out two new specials - Shrimp and Grits and a Ranchero egg dish. When I tell u they were both insanely good, I'm not exaggerating. So happy the French Market cafes were crammed and we happened upon Belle"s.Great service. And you have to try the fried pb&j sandwich.  It was our first stop in New Orleans.The ambiance of this location is wonderful. ALL the staff was friendly and warm. You felt like you were at home and someone was giving you a plateful of love. A must go if you are looking for a wonderful meal, a smiling face and wonderful bloody mary to drink.Had the blackened chicken Caesar salad and loved it! My mom had the patty melt and she said it was delicious. Really cute inside and very friendly staff.Wonderful food and fun environment! Such a great old school diner feel with FANTASTIC food. I got a platter sampler with red beans and rice, jambalaya and crawfish etouffee. Everything was so incredibly flavorful and fresh! Our waiter Joe was charismatic and helped us foreigners navigate the menu to get the full grasp of NOLA cuisine. 
My boyfriend had the gumbo and he loved that. Very filling and you definitely get your money's worth here. They also play great golden oldies music which really sets the diner vibe. Recommend this place completely!! Locals told us to not eat on bourbon street and I'm glad we didn't!!Stumbled across this diner while looking for breakfast, and I am so glad we did! It is very well kept and clean inside (a harder quality to find in this area). The service was fantastic and the food exceeded my expectations for a diner. If you can get the roast beef covered cheese fries-you won't regret it! Will definitely be back whenever I am visiting again!This place is a hot mess, correction, even the mess wasn't hot.  We went to this place in the middle of the day on a Monday and right out of the gate things went south. There were  several two and four-top tables still cluttered with dirty dishes and just as many empty tables. We wanted a little more privacy so we selected a six-top in the corner. When the "waiter" came by he just uttered "sure the six top" in a snarky tone. After he proceeded to screw around for fifteen minutes, he finally came over to take our drink order. We were ready to order our brunch too, but apparently he wasn't ready to take our order. While we were waiting for him to come back we noticed that there was almost no natural light in the place and the blue light from all the neon they use to light the place was sort of neat. Upon closer inspection it seems like the blue light is just better at hiding the grime. I happened to look at the ledge behind the corner booth and there must have been a half inch deep accumulation of assorted filth, uck! Once we were finally permitted to order my girlfriend got up to use the restroom before our meals came. When she returned she said the restroom was completely gross right down to the dead cockroach in the middle of the floor. As unappetizing as this experience had been so far, when the food came it actually got worse. My girlfriend ordered a veggie and cheese omelette and I ordered the sausage gravy and biscuits. The omelette had almost no contents and at first glance she thought they had forgotten the cheese completely. Both of our meals came with a side of hash browns... let me tell you folks, if you were like me and thought it was virtually impossible to mess up potatoes, this place would change your mind. They managed to serve our hash browns burnt, greasy, and cold. Yep. Now for the coup de gras, the sausage gravy and biscuits. I love sausage gravy and biscuits, it's one of my favorite breakfast meals of all times and I admit being at a diner in New Orleans I had some elevated expectations. Folks, this stuff was THE WORST sausage gravy I've every had. It was thin, had virtually no sausage in it, and tasted like over-salted wallpaper paste. Oh, and this was also cold when it hit the table. I couldn't even eat it. We drank our coffee, picked around the edges of our food and paid our bill. The only thing we got for our money is a story about the worst diner in New Orleans.Nice dinner in the French quarter. I had the chicken and waffles. Fun dinner atmosphere. The food was good, nothing too exciting. If you need a break from all the culinary exposure and want something simple and tasty this is a good spot. 
Shout out for their 15% discount for military!!We didn't have any food, just stopped in for a drink.  We got the lime and coconut and it was spectacular.  It may be the best drink I've had in new orleans.
Of note, they have a giant elvis in the bathroom that's worth checking out.I went in on a not so busy afternoon, and ordered the chicken and waffles. The plating was really pretty and the food was good (and it was a big portion!). Definitely think you get a fair amount of food for the price. Our waiter's name was Devin (wears glasses, tattoo behind his ear) & he was really friendly and did a great job.Ive been on a hunt for a restaurant that serves excellent fried chicken and waffles...this is it. This diner was pretty bad before they upped their game, its fun and friendly with a nice 60s retro vibe. I think staff is very attentive and friendly. The food is cooked to order and takes time, but not that long. They have good coffee.The food is good, the location is convenient. We came in for breakfast three times during our stay. This hits the spot when you're hungry for American food...and the decor is WWII cool!We were heading back to the Quarter when we all felt a little hangry...LOL!  We came in from the other entrance and were told to grab a seat anywhere.  What a great little place!  What caught my eye was the adult beverages!  Yes, I'll have a thin mint milkshake with vodka and creme de menthe!  It didn't take long for it to take effect!  I love liquored up milkshakes!!!
I had the shrimp omelette with crawfish corn tasso.  This was perfect!  Great flavors and came with real shaved potato hash browns.  The others did the biscuits and gravy.  Big ol biscuits with sausage gravy...Nice!  Everything tastes great with gravy.  I really wanted the King Cake shot that I had read about on Yelp and one of the travel magazines, but they only do that around Mardi Gras time.
I believe the owner waited on us and told us that was a specialty shot made with cinnamon infused vodka.  Sounded delicious...but will have to wait for another visit!  Overall, a great place to come to for a late breakfast!  Definitely worth checking out, especially for an adult milkshake!!!Busy but had great service and food. We sat at bar and watched the cooks and they were so entertaining, as well as efficient . We felt like we should have tipped them in addition to the waitstaff! Get a boozy shake to start your meal off with - you can't go wrong there. I had the BLT-E and husband had the Bette Melt I think. Both tasty and we did not walk away hungry. In fact we waddled away thoroughly satisfied by another NOLA treasure....having sweet tea chicken & bacon stuffed waffles with watermelon syrup. what. ##southernstyle #whatdiet? #fuxin #breaxfaustinasouthGreat service, Food was delicious! Caution large portions! Nice place for a quick bite. 50's dinner feel. Red beans and rice and French bread were on point!Positives- Went for breakfast and both items were perfectly cooked and well seasoned. The corned beef hash is house made and hash browns were full of flavor!
Negatives- Was served a cold cup of coffee when I sat down. Server was extremely rude towards the end because we were waiting for our check and he stepped outside. Took us forever to get the check and when asked for it he stated that we were taking so long to finish! Eventhough there where plenty of open tables, I've never had a server be so rude to me! We ended up just leaving cash on the table so that we could finally leave. I'm sure the owner would be quite upset if they knew one of the servers had treated us in such an inhospitable way. Will never be back.Environment was great. Waiters were excellent. My issue was as follows. We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen. The lady cooking was absolutely awful and mean to everyone, including the cooks that were working with her. They would try to communicate with her, and she'd cut them off mid sentence and tell them not to talk to her. She was very passive aggressive with her comments towards them as well. Completely unprofessional. I also got the country fried steak, and it was awful. Tasted like the grease was old and gave it a horrible taste. Took 2 bites and couldn't eat anymore. I would not come by here again, and would definitely not recommend my friends and family.Amazing!!! Delicious! Nice! Fast! 
(What more needs to be said?)
The food was fresh, and you get alot for your moneyCool diner atmosphere with good prices for the French Quarter.  They offer a military discount which is always appreciated.  This place has a good burger and they offer a lot of breakfast items along with sandwiches, milkshakes and desserts.  Definitely a nifty spot to grab a quick bite in the Quarter that offers good value for your money with friendly service.OMG!!! The food is fantastic. Coffee was hot, fresh and just what I needed to start my day. I ordered the pancakes, bacon and a milk. And my husband had the ham and cheese omelet. The wait staff was very friendly and always had a smile on his face. Super busy, so our food took a little bit to get there. But once it was, we dug right in. The pancakes were light and fluffy with just a slight sprinkling of powdered sugar on top. Normally I need some butter on my pancakes but I was really surprised to just add syrup and they were awesome!  The only thing that would have made it perfect...heat up the syrup. The cold syrup made my breakfast cold faster. Otherwise the food was wonderful! They give you plenty to eat, so you cannot finish all of the food. Next trip to New Orleans, we'll be back.Love the breakfast po boy the chicken and waffles are great too!!  Friendly service and oldies music.The best patty melt I've had in a while! The patty is thick and juicy. 4 Star because of the low lighting during the day! Not a problem for most, but the light outside doesn't really cause a nice bright setting for inside the diner. If you are looking for a calm, great service and family oriented atmosphere, this is the place to be:) pricing is reasonable. Perfect for sharing as the portions are big!Chicken and waffles were awesome! The burgers are also big and flavorful! So yummy! We loved the 50s style diner theme along with the music really set the scene. Come with an empty stomach because the portions are plentiful. Full bar. Clean! 
Service was perfect! 
Thank you belles diner!What a great little hang out. It definitely takes you back in time with the decor!! Great drinks and great food situated directly across the street from the market. I have to say I was definitely taken care of by my waiter and the entire staff was friendly and engaging. There was gentleman wearing a blue fedora working the bar who made the drinks fantastic. Cheers guys and thank you for a couple great tasting drinks! My friends and I enjoyed the short time we spent with you. But you definitely made the rainy day seem better with exceptional customer service. Cheers and thanks again!! Next time I'm in The Big Easy I'll try some food with you guys!!Jason was our waiter and Tree came out and met with us. They told us all about New Orleans culture (both having lived here for most their lives). They gave us recommendations on menu items as well as where we should visit. They made our experience 100% worth it! I will definitely come back to NOLA thanks to these guys as well as visit Belle's Diner again!!Excellent service! I liked this place even before I had my first bite. We sat at the bar and got to watch the cooks hustling out the breakfasts as fast as they were being ordered. I had a veggie omelet made with egg whites. You'll pay an extra $3 for that but the place is reasonable so it's no big deal. The meal was most excellent. Omelet was stuffed with veggies and some cheese, not skimpy on the veggies like some places. The hashbrowns were perfectly browned and would've been fine by themselves but I couldn't resist the urge to drown them in some Louisiana hot sauce. Everything was perfect! Now someone needs to roll me outta here.Great place to relax and fight a hangover!! Food was great, and the guys behind the grill were super nice and funny.  Nice little find amongst a touristy part of town.Breakfast Po Boy was good but best hash browns ever. Great little diner across from French Market with good service.The food was good. I got the chicken and waffles and my mom got the vegetable omelet ....I was pretty disturbed when I saw our waiter John take a piece of my waffle off of the plate and eat it before he delivered our food to the table.1st time visit and it was great, Chicken and Waffles was the BOMB.COM!!!! Bacon stuffed waffles with chicken you can't go wrong.Catfish po' boy and fries for breakfast after a night in the French Quarter. Definitely hit the spot. Super friendly waiter and a great location.We are modifying our NOLA restaurant rule.  Generally there is no reason to eat at the same place twice in New Orleans.  But this place is convenient, open, comfortable and affordable.  Don't go for the chicken and waffles or the mimosas.  But the patty melt and the French toast and Peach Poinsettia were just right for brunch.  Just off the French market.Stopped in here on a whim on our last day in NOLA.  It was one of my favorite places. The atmosphere is great, the service was excellent and the food was delicious. The sever was super friendly and attentive. My two cousins and I all enjoyed our meals. Some one next to us ordered the biscuits and gravy and that also looked amazing. We had bloody Mary's to go and they some of the best we had on the trip.  Will definitely stop in here when I come to town again.BACON. STUFFED. WAFFLES. Is there more that needs to be said? This place is so charming and cute, and the food was amazing. My husband got the biscuits and gravy and I got the chicken with bacon stuffed waffles. Both dishes were just spot on. Service was fast, our waiter was really friendly and gave us some great recommendations of things to do while in town, and the coffee was good too.  If you're heading to the French market to shop absolutely grab some food here.This is a great breakfast spot in NOLA. Decatur Street is so charming, and this diner has a 1940's theme that's a fun escape from the usual. We ordered chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, and a seafood omelette. The chicken melted in your mouth, the seafood was fresh, and the coffee was some of the best we've ever tasted. Top that with great service; we felt very well cared for.Best chicken and waffles around the French Quarter. Affordable and large portions. Bloody Mary was tasty and very standard. Can't go wrong if looking for some American style food in the French Quarter.So good the first time that my group came back the next day. My group had a combination of omelets, hash browns, eggs, toast, french toast, bacon, biscuits and gravy, and pancakes. Everything was delicious, prices were good, and the service was wonderful; we had Joe one day and John the next. I love the decor and atmosphere; although admittedly the AC could have been turned up a bit more on a hot August day. I highly recommend and will be back.Stumbled across this gem looking for the previous Magnolia Grille as a recommendation from a friend. Down for Mardi Gras and have visited many eateries in New Orleans in the past; from Commanders Palace to Willie Mae's to Vieux Carre pizza. Was told to come in and get a Bloody Mary. It didn't disappoint. With a hint of creole mustard that added a touch of spicy creaminess it satisfied and made me inquire more about the menu. We engaged in conversation with Joe about some menu items. Not only was he knowledgeable, but he presented great enthusiasm about the dishes offered. We settled on the roast beef debris fries: a version of poutine fries with a Cajun twist. No salt or pepper was needed as the perfectly prepared debris offered the right amount of flavor. Great change of pace right across from the French market!A real diner atmosphere where we had an excellent breakfast.  Be careful how you order because the bill can add up quickly.Food was delicious! My wife had the catfish platter and I had the Shrimp Po'Boy. Fries were amazing and staff was friendly.  Gumbo was a bit salty our tastes.  We came on the Monday after Essence fest so we hoped service would be faster. Still bit slow but did seem to pic up afterwards. 
We'd come back!We stumbled across this place, literally & if you've been to New Orleans you get the stumble part. I had the Cajun platter (off menu) it has a cup of red beans & rice, a cup of crawfish étouffée & a cup of jambalaya. The red beans & rice had a great smoke flavor, the étouffée was fabulous, first time to have jambalaya was okay, a little bland. But I would order it again. My husband had the chicken & waffles, he gave it 3.5 's.We ate at A BUNCH of places on our New Orleans vacation, and I have to admit that this was the only place that I had a strong desire to go back to.  There was just something about the combination of their location, motif, the varied but solid menu and decent prices for decent food that added up to a pretty good experience.The food is great and so is the atmosphere. I went her for breakfast on new years eve and simply loved it ! Chicken and waffles was the best ! If I lived in NOLA I could see myself as a regular.This diner was FANTASTIC. This place had really good reviews online that caught our attention. The location is extremely convenient, right by the market and there are a lot of other cool surrounding shops to go to after wards if you're looking for a fun packed day. The food was outstanding. Best chicken fingers I've ever had in my entire life and the milkshake was to die for as well. My wife got a mimosa and we were able to watch them squeeze the fresh oranges into her drink it was amazing. This would have been a 5 star experience except for one interaction I witnessed in the diner. My wife and I waited for about 10 mins before being seated (which is obviously fine) but once we sat down we waited another 10 mins and no one came over to check on us or take a drink order. The host came over (who was a very nice lady) and asked if we had been helped yet and I told her no but people that came in after us were already being helped. She felt bad and went to go get someone to help. She asked the bartender, DEVON, if he could help our table of two and he literally screamed in her face and through his hands up on the air and yelled at her "I AM WORKING THE BAR" as a customer I was already upset, bordering hangry, and to see this display of behavior it made me extremely upset. Not only at the fact that Devon was disregarding paying customers but also how he completely disrespected his coworker. I was appalled at his behavior and unfortunately for belles diner that will be my lasting impression. Our waitress was pleasant and apologetic. This place I am happy to say offers military discounts! So bring your IDsExcellent!!! The food was amazing all around, as well as our server Devon. I had the chicken and waffles and the bloody Mary's with the Cajun rim were out of this world!We had the bisque, the omelette, and the crawfish etouffee. ALL OF IT WAS GOOD. This is what an actual bisque is. We compared it to NOLA poboy's version of bisque. This one was rich and creamy and so good that we ordered one to-go and walked around with it. Worth it. Their bread is so good and buttery. Other French breads around New Orleans is kinda...plasticky?
Menu isn't huge but it doesnt have to be. The chef cooks it in fornt of you, diner-style. Favorite place in NOLA! Hands down.Waiting time take forever "hot chocolate" served cold .... you need to ask like 10 times your order. Too much clumsiness in this place. A shame near french market.This is one of my favorite dive diners in town.  I feel like they are always open - I know that one Christmas Day when we needed to start with some champagne, this was one of the only joints that was open and serving cocktails.
We have had surprisingly good meals here, too.  They offer a seafood omelet which is excellent.  If you're in the mood for something lighter, the avocado BLT was delicious.  Always get the hash browns, as they are full of buttery goodness.
Entrances/exits are from the streets on both sides of the restaurant.  Cool interior, with a beautiful tile on the floor, and pretty baby blue accents everywhere.  It really has the nostalgic feel of a 50's diner, with plenty of booze served anytime being its nod to its NOLA location.Wow- such a wonderful place to dine in NOLA! Cute retro decor with an adequate amount of seating. Staff were so friendly and provided great suggestions for items on the menu. They honored our free appetizer coupon for crab cakes which were a good size and very delicious/strong crab flavor. Authentic Cajun style food and all members of the party were pleased with their choices. Spice was mild-to-moderate which was ideal for my midwestern palate! Portion sizes were large and we all left feeling stuffed. One of my favorite restaurants of the vacation. Food was all very fresh. 
No bathroom available in restaurant and condiments were not available at table. Outdoor seating limited but open air to indoor seating which was lovely. 
Would definitely return to try different options! 5/5 starsFrom out of town.  Sometimes you get lucky and find a place that just serves great food and the workers are good people.  This place is special and recommend it wholeheartedly!  Will be back every time am in town.Excellent!!  We loved the Seafood Omelette added a side of biscuits. 
Great service! Great prices!Thrilled to get an outdoor table - without a wait - on a sunny Fat Tuesday brunchtime.  Shared the BLT+E and the chicken and waffles, could not be happier.  Plenty of food but not excessive and the chicken arrived *sizzling.*  Service was impeccable.  If you're eating in the Quarter, you could do a lot worse.The service was great. We ordered the special turkey sandwich, fried pb and j sandwich and chicken and waffles. The turkey po boy was just not good. Needs texture or something. The turkey was less than special and the dressing not good. The chicken and waffles were very good. Particularly the fried chicken. Pbj Fried sandwich also quite good.Crab cakes, chicken & waffles amazing!! And Elvis sings to you in the Women's bathroom!!It's your typical greasy spoon/diner experience. The food is actually better than I expected, big fluffy omelets, generous sandwiches etc. the bad is this places although fairly new already seems grimy. I saw instance and instance of them clearing plates and never wiping down counters or tables and then guests doing it themselves with paper napkins. The service is a little all over the place with no true order or structure. And man I man is it humid in there. Water dripping from ceiling and wet floors, thankfully they put down but mats. All in all its just ok and probably nothing I will return for.This is a solid three star. The service is questionable. The food was prepared correctly. Nothing really special but a decent and pricey breakfast.Went back to Belle's diner the other night and once again this place was wonderful! I don't know why there isn't a line out the door! We got the roast beef debris fries. Soooooo good! The beef tastes like it was slow cooked for weeks. It's perfectly seasoned on top of nice crispy fries and cheese. Yum! Also had their Bloody Mary. My wife and I agree it's the best we have ever had.Damn good. 
Cajun bloody. Yes. Breakfast food was excellent. Shrimp poboy was ok. Overall a great pick near the french market.After our awesome Yelp event here, I couldn't wait to get back to Belle's Diner.
We stopped in on a rainy Saturday and we were immediately seated. Joe was our waiter and he couldn't have been more fantastic. The first thing I did was order a milk shake and he suggested I try their brand new pecan pie shake- a man after my own heart. I gave him the green light as I looked over the menu.
I went into Belle's thinking I was going to get some breakfast, but after I saw a club sandwich on the menu, I decided to go with that. This huge sandwich came topped with more fries than I could ever eat in one sitting. While the sandwich was definitely good, I wouldn't say it was the best I have ever had. The pecan pie shake, however, was AMAZING! It tasted just like pie and was topped with whipped cream and caramel and I will be getting it again when I return!
Joe was fantastic. It was a busy Saturday and he never stopped. He took the order, made the shake and split his time between many different tables and always checked to make sure that we had everything that we needed. He was the waiter from heaven.
The decor of Belle's is SO me: pinup and WWII everything! You feel like you have been transported back to the 50's and the oldies playing on the radio are a nice touch. My only complaint is that the ac isn't that great and the place gets warm when the doors are closed. I don't think that can be helped- it's a small place, but I wanted to mention it in case you are someone who "overheats" easily.
Belle's is a perfect spot if you are spending the day Quarter hopping or just shopping around at the French Market and need a good bite to eat for a reasonable price. They serve breakfast all day, so I am going to try some French Toast when I go back.