This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  I'd never had African food before coming here.  Now I always crave the Yasa and the Neoyo.  Great dishes.  I've brought plenty people here and all love it as well.The black eye pea fritters are delicious. Tesrtaurant is in a nice part of town..  very nice ambience/atmosphere inside.   Healthy vegetarian otions with a little spice.  This stuff is goodSweet little African restaurant in the Quarter. 
We went for dinner and were met by friendly staff. 
The menu contains a variety of dishes and quite a few vegetarian options. I had the black-eyed-peas stew with coconut rice and plantains. Highly recomended!
Portions are a bit to big for my taste - but I guess that is American standard.
Cheap prices.Best Lentil soup I've ever had in my life!!! You must like spicy because it has a little kick. Will come back when my husband and I are in town.This is one of my new favorite restaurants. I stopped by because I am a vegan which can be tricky in New Orleans. I ordered the vegan black eyed peas plate and it was DELICIOUS. Tomato base, amazing spices and coconut rice with the best plantains I've ever had. I'm glad I ordered another side of the plantains as well! I also got the black eyed pea fritters which were also incredibly tasty. 
Big portions, incredibly nice waitress, tasty and filling food, loved the atmosphere and decor.As far as I know, this is still the only african cuisine available in New Orleans.  The goat is particularily succulent, but i've probably had half the menu now and been pleased every time.  Cheap!I like this place! It's simple :) Good tea and yummy soup. And plantains. I think that's all I need in life....I ate lunch here not quite knowing what to expect and ended up thoroughly enjoying everything I tried - and as there were six of us, we were able to sample a bunch of the menu offerings.  I am pleased to report I liked it ALL, particularly the black-eyed pea fritters, the fish fried pies, plantains, cocunut rice and spinach.   Great service also - the waitress was very attentive to our needs.Sorry but I forgot to take pictures. Was too eager to start eating and didn't stop long enough to take pics anyway. The food was excellent. Kembal lappa is what I had. Goat strips in a gravy with a side of rice and/or broccoli. My companions had a couple of the chicken dishes. No complaints and only praise from all. I will certainly revisit so that I may try some of the other dishes there.First dinner spot on our trip to NOLA. It was good. Not a busy place at the time we went and wasn't seated immediately. I got the impression this was a place locals came due to the fact that it was nit packed and the waitress seemed to be familiar with her customers. I had the shrimp and potato's. My husband had the vegetarian mal of rice and spinach. We both we pleased with the portion, seasoning and plating. We brought home leftovers. Not familiar with the BYOB protocol I think next time we visit we will be prepared. Would highly recommend this place!I went here for lunch when I was on vacation in New Orleans.  It was not too crowded and our waiter was friendly.  The prices were much better than the majority of the other restaurants in the French Quarter.  We both got a vegetarian dish and I think they were $8 each.  The food was very good but didn't blow me away.  The friend plantains were awesome and very similar to what you would get in Latin American food.  I would definitely go back.  And it is BYOB which is nice.I walked all the way from hotel modern to get here because of its tantalizing & promising menu. 
Royal street quieted down (apart from the ghost tour clusters) by the time we got there, which was peaceful. 
Upon walking in, the smells were instantly gratifying! 
The restaurant had a family feel, decor nice, service warm & helpful, wait not too long, & experience of going to the restroom through the kitchen was unique and pleasant. 
Food? Yum. 
I had vegan black Eyed Peas plate. Besides the white flour bun, again, yum.I stopped in for a quick lunch and I was not disappointed. The service is pleasant and relaxed. 
I ordered the black eyed pea fritters and the fried plantains and both are delicious! 
I loved the authentic African decor, as well. I highly recommend this as a destination for anyone looking for African fir in New Orleans.Great service and a relaxed atmosphere. Vegetarians are in for a treat. The plantains and sautéed spinach was excellent.Really love the food here. Been almost every time I'm in New Orleans and its consistently excellent. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is the atmosphere is a little lacking and I wish it wasn't byob.While visiting from out of state,my husband and I had been introduced to Bennachin 2 years ago by a friend who lives in New Orleans.  We could not stop raving about the food and would tell all of our friends who came to New Orleans to check out the restaurant.
My husband and I were back in New Orleans this week and the first stop for dinner was Bennachin. We knew the name of the restaurant but we didn't realize how long of a walk it was from our hotel. It was a lonnnng walk and it was hot and sticky outside.....we didn't really mind because we just knew that our dinner would be well worth the effort....we were sooooo wrong!
First, the dish we wanted was the Jamaican Chicken..we were told they had sold out of that dish due to the large lunch demand earlier that day....ok...we were a little disappointed but no big deal, we decided to just explore another dish. We asked the waitress and she suggested a baked chicken dish with a sweet/garlic sauce..Sounded good to me so I ordered the dish...OMG!! The chicken breast had noooooo taste and was dry and tough as leather. I immediately alerted the waitress ( who was very nice) and she was very apologetic and wanted to make me happy. She asked me if I would like something else on the menu but needed to speak to the cook first. She took the dish back to the cook and he suggested that he could put the chicken(that I had already eaten from) in a Jamaican sauce??? Wtf?!! First off, If you have a Jamaican sauce, then why did you have the waitress tell us the dish was sold out earlier? Secondly, if chicken is dry and over cooked ,no amount of sauce will change the fact that the chicken is dry and over cooked...
When I indicated that I wasn't interested in that suggestion and just would like to order another dish, the waitress told me that the cook wasn't going to re-do that dish or any other dish...even the waitress was embarrassed and shocked with the cooks behavior. The waitress advised us that she even told the cook how we were visiting and made a special trip and went out of our way to patronage that restaurant. She said he didn't care and would not replace the dinner.
All I can say is, never never again!! I will never go there again and all the people that I have referred there, I will make it my business to tell them, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!Im sorry but Bennachin just is not good African food.  The people who say it is.  Obviously just dont know anything about african food or good african food at that. Maybe because Ive been spoiled in Philly by good west african and south african food.. Hell even ethipian food.. But this right here.. Is a disgrace. The server was nice but it did not take away from the fact someone cooked tough pieces of beef in some chef boyardee tomato sauce and served it was some rice and tell me its authentic african food. You all are being played and due to them having no competition (NOLA how did you guys let this happen when your culture biggest mix is african) so they can brainwash you into thinking this is real good african food. Please just go there because you want to patron a place that just throws food together. This is not african cuisine.. It just is a restaurant existing.Hands down most mediocre meal of my life. Only took an hour to come out of the kitchen!  Don't be fooled by the cozy vibes. It tastes like bad express Chinese food. Whatever you do run!Nice place! The food was very good, i loved the coconut rice and FRIED PLANTAINS! This was one of the best meals I had this trip to NOLA . I will definitely be back.Best food in the quarter. It's an intimate, small place serving traditional African cuisine. The black eyed peas are excellent. Vegans and Vegetarians will love this place.Got in immediately on a Friday night at 9. Service nice and quick. Food quick but not very good. Over cooked chicken and Lamb on each of our 4 dishes. Some dishes completely unsalted and others over salted.Atmosphere was perfect a lot of beautiful art surrounded us.
 my server was very polite and respectful she constantly check on us to make sure if we needed anything.
I had the spicy spinach with baked chicken and coconut rice my mother had jerk chicken with coconut rice and spicy spinach the food was absolutely amazing everything was fresh and nice and hot.
I will definitely be back,  I recommend this place to everyone.
Oh no I almost forgot about the delicious plantains. YummyI've always enjoyed Bennachin but hadn't been in a few years even tho I live nearby, in part, because they hadn't accepted credit cards. I'm happy to see that has changed.
Tonight I went with a friend who's visiting NOLA who wanted something "simple and healthy." Bennachin mostly filled the bill.
Appetizers (Fish pie, and Black-eyed pea fritters) were okay tho my friend said he had ordered (just before I arrived) the Black-eyed peas, eggplant, and smoked fish rather than the fritters. The fish pie was so hot that the first bite of it burned the roof of my mouth.
Fortunately, the entrees seemed to come from another (and much better) restaurant. We shared the Kembel-Lappa (sautéed lamb strips, bell pepper in ginger sauce) which we opted to have with broccoli, and Nyeo (Steamed tilapia fillet in ginger and garlic sauce served with fried ripe plantains, sautéed spinach, and coconut rice). Both were excellent with fresh ingredients and large portions. I especially enjoyed the Kembel-Lappa's ginger sauce with its subtle seasonings.
Our server was good and wait times were reasonable even tho she was the only one serving and the restaurant filled up not long after we got there.
If I could, I would probably give Bennachin 3 1/2 stars (which seems to be its current average) but I'm in a generous mood. And I do plan to go back but will most likely skip the appetizers next time.Decided that I needed to give them three strikes. And I did. And they are out.
Seriously, I am thinking that people have some odd guilty reason for recommending this place. The food is either bland or salty.
Today, the fish pie that I had actually managed to stomach last time was cold on the inside. The sauce was still good but the pie..icky and smelly. Fish should not smell like fish if it's good.
The service was once again really slow. REALLY slow. 10 minutes to get tea, really? And I had to send it back because I asked for unsweetened tea with lemon and it was once again sweet tea without.
Sheesh.
And while the waitress this time did not smell like an old skunk road-kill that peed itself, she wasn't useful in any way.
I am so confused by the good reviews other than some kind of guilty feeling for speaking bad about an African restaurant in NOLA. 
We NEED a good African restaurant here. Preferably Ethiopian. Have had amazing Ethiopian food in the past. We HAD one before Katrina. Wish it was still around.
As much as I don't like Mona Lisa, I would rather eat there than this place...Heck, Re-open Verti mart, please.This is not African food that I've ever eaten, then again, it's not like we even got what we ordered. 
We should have asked the couple behind us how our orders came out. The service was quite poor. 
We ordered Sisay Dourang(peanut sauce) and Sisay Singho (leg/thighs).. Instead of each getting the dish that we ordered, we got one dish. It was a plain grilled chicken breast, boiled beyond belief spinach, plantains, and plain rice. 
We also ordered the fritters, they were out. *shrug*
The plantains were the only thing that had any sort of good flavor. 
Though I'm only a pseudo South African, I can attest, African food has flavor. Well.. most food just in general has flavor..I LOVE the spicy chicken yasa. It has been of my favorite dishes in the city for about 10 years now.First to time to NOLA.  Came here with my fiance. 
The food is absolutely AMAZING.  The BEST in NOLA I would say.  I was so pleased with this African Restaurant with some cajun/creole flare.  
Food is well priced.  We got the SORSO WOLENGHO NI MANO and BENNACHIN
YUM!!!  Some of the best food I have ever had, and one of the BEST in NOLA hands down.  
We will definitely be back again.  Small family-owned place.  Very cozy.  Great service!
Love this place!!!Great find in the heart of the quarter. New Orleans' cuisine can be a bit heavy on the meats and fats, so Bennachin is a welcome change of pace. We all tried different vegetarian dishes and were very happy with the freshness, flavors, and spice levels. It was the perfect nutritional remedy for a body in motion over Mardi Gras. Good service and a relaxed environment.I came to use their restroom and stayed for their delicious food lol. I couldn't help myself because the aromas coming out of the kitchen were so intoxicating! We started off with the fried plantains for an appetizer and they were fried perfectly. Crispy on the outside and pillowy soft on the inside. For dinner, I had the grilled chicken, coconut rice, fried plantains, and spinach. I thought that I hated cooked spinach, until I had it here. I practically inhaled it because it was just that good! The food came with large servings so I had to get a to-go box. My boyfriend ordered the lamb and apricot dinner, I don't know what his sides were because I was too busy devouring my food lol. He ate all but a tiny bit of lamb and he added his left over meat to my to-go box. We gave the leftovers to a homeless woman outside since our hotel room did not have a refrigerator. I would love to come back here!Highlights: BYOB. Flavorful spices. Genuinely nice waitstaff.
First time trying African food and was pleasantly surprised! I have nothing to compare it to really, but overall a nice meal. The staff was great, very helpful in terms of explaining items on the menu. I couldn't tell you the names of anything we ordered, but I can explain, lol. We started with the black-eyed pea fritters and a cup of gumbo for appetizers. Both were decent, although I wasn't a fan of the slight sliminess of the gumbo (maybe the okra gave it that texture?). I still ate it though! The flavors were great! Dinner was the star of the show for me. My husband and I shared a dish of shrimp and potatoes over a bed of rice. It was very spicy (thanks cayenne pepper!), but really really REALLY yummy. Nice-sized portion too.
My one serious complaint is the outdoor bathrooms. You have to exit the restaurant (through the kitchen) to the back in order to use the restrooms. Normally I wouldn't mind, but it was a little scary at night, particularly because they were so dimly lit and a bit dingy. Never know who's lurking back there either!5-stars for appetizers and decor
2 for service
3 for entrees.
They are very short on staff. One person waiting tables and serving. So I understand the tad impoliteness. However, it did piss us off. We were 9 people and ordered every appetizer on the menu. Their best was the fish pie which looked like empanadas and did not have a strong fish taste- just the think I wanted. The red sauce that comes with all the appetizer is delicious. The pea fritters is so yummy. Who knew you could make pea taste this good. The plantains are nicely done. The honey glazed baked chicken is nice, but they could do better I feel. 
DO NO TRY THEIR GINGER DRINK. 
This is a BYOB place (ask them though one more time)
For entrees, you will barely touch the coconut in the coconut rice, which is a good thing. I ordered the baked chicken thigh and leg. It was OK, not great. I did not care for the spinach. The entrees come with a roll. Rolls are v sweet and soft :)
I was impressed they have a ton of vegetarian dishes. 
If I go back I will only order appetizers.Absolutely my favorite restaurant.
I've never had a better piece of chicken.
Always get the fried plantains.I am embarrassed to write this but here goes. Was on Nola an entire week and ate out every night at a spot recommended by locals. The meal I had at bennachin is the only meal I will remember. Had the okra soup with an order of fufu. Amazing!Almost every time we come back to New Orleans, we try to visit this place at least once.  It is so difficult to find vegetarian in the Quarter, let alone vegan, that it is really special when out-of-towners find a place like this.  
They will make just about anything on the menu vegan for you if you just ask.  Everything served is light, fresh, and delightfully delicious.  I have never tasted food quite like this anywhere else I have ever traveled, and I always suggest the place to people I know who are traveling to the city.  
On this visit, we knew what we liked, but we decided to try different dishes just to see what they were like.  My wife had the "Bennachin" made vegan, and I had the "Baham."  We loved both dishes just as much as we loved our favorites, "Kone Ni Makondo," and "Jama Jama Ni Makondo."  The names of the dishes are unusual, but, translated by my taste buds, they all mean the same, "Really good, healthy food."  
The prices have gone up slightly the past few years, but there is nothing bad I can say about this place, and I expect to continue to come here every time I visit New Orleans.Haven't actually been to the location, but I had their food at the annual Jazz Fest at the Fairgrounds. Let me say this -- if their food is that delicious at a festival, it must be AMAZING at the actual restaurant. The jama jama spinach was so flavorful! And the sweet fried plantains... yum!Perfect for vegetarians. We ordered the black eyed pea appetizer (it was good not great), the black eyed peas with coconut rice and plantains (amazing), spinach and coconut rice (also amazing). Would definitely order both dishes again. We got them mild and they were well seasoned with a little spice.  We also got the ginger tea which was delicious. Definitely would eat here often if I lived here.Good place with very fresh dishes. I tried the black eye peas and Spinach dishes. I like the spice level in the dishes. Staff is very nice and helpful. Plantains was cooked perfectlyA must try restaurant in NoLa! Beautifully small and awesome food. A treat for vegetarians in NoLa. I tried Kone Ni Makondo, black eyed peas with fried plantain, no. 42. It was delicious. I could have loved plantain to be a bit more sweeter but it works. Enjoyed the flavorful curry! We also ordered Black-eyed pea fritters and it was delicious. Service was friendly. I could remember the flavors for long time after I ate dinner here.The day after Thanksgiving we were headed to a BYOB restaurant for lunch only to discover it closed. A quick yelp search led us to Bennachin, which is also BYOB.
Server was super friendly, made recommendations for us first timers, and quickly got us cups for our wine. It's not a fancy place. Bubbly from clear plastic cups still tastes like bubbly.
I had the bennachin, which is an African jambalaya dish. It was served with smothered greens. I had the beef option, but they do offer most dishes as vegetarian as well. It was delightful. And it really makes you aware of how much local soul food stems from African dishes.
My friends also enjoyed their lunches. Affordablity + BYOB + YUM = we will be back!This place has a lot of fun and different options. Big portions. Flavorful. Plenty of vegetarian options. My only complaint is the coconut rice didn't taste like coconut at all.Excellent black eyed peas and sautéed spinach, so many great vegetarian and vegan options. Delicious.I was in a food coma after. First time trying African food and it was awesome. I would recommend this place but be ready for a napWonderful African cuisine. Located as a hole in the wall place in the French quarter. This itself is one of the reasons I like it because it's not the usual touristy place that a lot of restaurants are in NOLA. Small but cozy atmosphere inside. The portions are bigBeen here twice and have loved it each time.  As vegetarians this really is a great option in the French Quarter.  Had the Kone ni makondo, which is a fantastic black eyed pea main dish and the akara black eyed pea fritters, I never knew I liked them till I ate here! Fried plantains are great as well. Felt like home cooking... lotta love goes into this dishes.Great African food in the French Quarter. Came here for lunch. I had the chicken lunch with plantains and coconut rice. It was all tasty, the chicken was  perfectly seasoned and falling off the bone. My husband got a vegetarian plate which was also good. New Orleans was having a bit of a cold spell, so these warm stews really hit the spot. I usually like Ethiopian food, which can be quite spicy, but this was nothing like that at all, but equally delicious. When I visit New Orleans again, I will make this one of my stops..Reading Bennachin was 1 of the few veggie-friendly restaurants in The Big Easy, we made a venture over on our first night in town
Sad to see that the tables weren't as filled as other spots in the French Quarter - maybe we were there on an off night but have to say yall are missing out on some decent food here!
Black Eye Peas w/ Coconut Rice. Tons of salt in those beans, to the point it was a bit too much..... regardless, we managed to put a decent dent in the plate
Steamed Broccoli & Cauliflower w/ Cous Cous - this was a white powdery cous cous so tender & delicate. Lots of onion flavor in the veggies
No alcohol is served here so we ordered the Red Zinger - it was like a Mulled Coke.  Dark, coke base w/ spices like cardamon or cinnamon or something I really couldn't place but it was an interestingly good drink
Waitstaff was really friendly & there was a laid-back atmosphere in the place.  Nice way to enjoy our first night - A-OKSmall and cozy, warm atmosphere with friendly service and good food. Great for vegans, vegetarians and omnivores. It's BYOB but there is a cash-only liquor store across the street.Bennachin is a nice little restaurant where I've been a few times. I am a total sucker for their entree which comes with chicken, spinach, plantains, and rice. The rice I can do without, but they let me substitute for extra spinach which is AWESOME. It actually tastes like they add boullion or something to it, I'm not sure, but it is savory and salty and delicious. The chicken is always juicy, and the plantains are nice and sweet. My boyfriend usually gets something else with some kind of meat, rice, and spinach. We have had the black eyed pea fritters, which were alright, and some kind of fish appetizer... it's been awhile, but I'm pretty sure it was fried. I remember that it was a little fishy for my taste. They have a ginger drink that will clear out your sinuses, it's insanely strong.
The service is not great, so be prepared to go there when you have some time to wait.Best meal in New Orleans, African cuisine influenced by New Orleans, not the other way around.  Everything is tasty, chicken tender, beef tasty and juicy, flavorful greens, huge serving compared to other places in the quarter for the price, plus lovely roll, perfect for juices.
 The special treat was homemade ginger drink, not too sweet, and thickish compared to ginger beer or ale which seen thin to me.
 Lovely waitress happy to tell me how make ginger drink;  raw, peeled root, blender, little sugar and lemon to taste; ah, I'm I'm heaven.  
African dancing video playing, loud enough to enjoy but also can talk and hear to converse while feeling like you've taken a trip to West Africa.
Oh yes, fun washroom, out in court yard, from another time, clean, but different for us yankees.Wavering between 3 and 4 stars for me, but the mister raved so highly that I thought I'd represent them as a 4 for you here.  Loved the dim-lit, cozy atmosphere, appreciated the vegetarian menu options, were intrigued by the (pretty terrible) African music videos playing on their TV.  If you come with a larger group there's a great table up front in the window nook that can accommodate eight or so.  They were out of their noted ginger drink, sadly, but we did try the Red Zinger (like hibiscus kool-aid).  The black-eyed pea fritters were a great start; whatever that sauce is they come with will make all the difference.  We ordered a couple of dishes to share - the sauteed spinach, fried plantains and coconut rice (ordered spicy), and the broccoli, cauliflower and carrots in ginger sauce over couscous (ordered medium spicy).  I couldn't really tell much of a difference in spice level between the two, and neither of them were all that hot to me but still had a little zing.  I was not overly wowed by the veggies and couscous, but the spinach was really fantastic.  All in all, I'd come back.So yummy!!!! Kidney bean soup (never had before) omg!!!! Coconut rice - must learn how to make this! Adorable spot with friendly service - so good!!!!We had a great vegan meal. Fried plantains, kidney bean soup & a vegetable dish. Sooo good! Very friendly.Not a tourist trap. Absolutely delicious African Cuisine. If you like soul food you'll be happy. Everything is inherently spicy but the perfect amount.  Order the house dish, lentil soup or black eyed peas with tomato sauce. You're welcome.Boyfriend and I came by a few days ago while we were visiting New Orleans for the week. I was looking for vegetarian places online, and this came up during my search. Plus, it was African food, which we'd never had before. We wandered in here to try out their lunch specials, but saw a sign saying they weren't opening until 5pm that day. We tried again a few days later, but called beforehand to make sure they were open for lunch. Moral of the story, call before you come to make sure they're open.
Small restaurant where you walk in, and the (very friendly) waitress told us to seat ourselves. I ordered the black eyed pea fritters for an appetizer, and my boyfriend got the vegetable soup. The fritters were crispy and light, not too much batter. I'm not sure what the sauce was made of, but it was delicious. BF's soup was nice and hearty, and not too salty.
For our main course, I got the sauteed spinach and friend plantains (Jama Jama Ni Makondo), but substituted the coconut rice for couscous. BF got the red beans and beef sausage with coconut rice (Sorso Wolengho Ni Mano). Both dishes came with a hot toasted roll. Portions were generous, and although the dishes were simple, they were so flavorful! Our waitress was very friendly and sweet, as well.
We walked out of there feeling full, light, and happy.
4 stars only because we were able to come here once and didn't get to try the place for dinner. We would have loved to, but just didn't have enough time to come back. The next time we find ourselves in New Orleans, we'd definitely come back!Fabulous. Good food. Great atmosphere. Fantastic service. Excellent people watching -- even when Woody Harrelson isn't there.I was in New Orleans recently and was treated to lunch at this quaint little restaurant specializing in family style West African food.  It was all wonderful!  My favorite - the black eyed peas and coconut rice.  Also the fish cakes and black eyed pea hush puppies and wonderful plantains!  Actually, we were served 6 or 7 family style dishes and they all had fresh ingredients cooked to perfection.  Thank you Sheriffo!Eating here as I type. You can catch a free wifi signal at this restaurant. Everyone told me the service was slow but I got my food pretty quickly.  I would say 15 min max but I went during lunch time. My meal was pretty tasty and a nice change of pace from the cajun food. I would give this place 3.5 stars.What more needs to be said? There's a reason why Bennachin is one of the most popular vendors at Jazz Fest. Fantastic restaurant in the heart of the French Quarter. Truly something different, and absolutely delicious. Tons of vegetarian options, but plenty of tasty meat too.  If you've never had African food, you're missing out. Oh, and don't forget to ask for the hot sauce!Ordered the plantains app,  the Domoda, and the ginger lamb straps. Highly recommend all 3!  Everything came out of the kitchen piping hot and well seasoned. Be aware that the kitchen is... leisurely,  so if you're in a rush this is not the place for you!  Staff was courteous if perfunctory and there isn't a large variety of drinks. Otherwise a very tasty foray into African cuisine.What a diamond in the rough!  Casual, unique sampling of African fare. Great restaurant when you are tired of the same ole.
I ordered the grilled chicken with coconut rice.  It comes with a side of chopped boiled spinach and sweet plantains (Spanish style maduras).  Lots of food for a moderate price.
Nice for a typical rainy night in New Orleans when you don't want the pomp of other Quarter eateries.Delicious food, pleasant atmosphere, friendly waitress in a perfect setting-the French Quarter.  For vegans and non-vegans, the food is prepared well and the portions are generous.  The food was so good, we ate here twice on the same day. Yummy!
This restaurant could receive a 5-star rating if it were solely vegan and organicToday we decided to try something different. I ordered Sauci Majanja (Potato & Shrimp Stew). Fresh gulf Shrimp and tender potatoes with a ginger and garlic sauce. Very generous portion and affordable prices. We will definitely make this a regular dining spot. I only wish they weren't in the French Quarters because of the parking. 
Give them a try. Don't think you'll be disappointed.This place serves excellent food with very interesting flavors. Our party had beef, veg and two types of chicken - all were well prepared and came out of the kitchen piping hot.
So you degenerates, skip a few bars and come here and eat a good meal instead. The French Quarter needs places like this.We had one day left to eat at one last restaurant before leaving New Orleans. I had seen this place and really wanted to try the food since I've never had African food before. My friend and I walked in and were automatically welcomed by our server. The food exceeded my expectations beyond belief. It really felt like a home cooked meal. We started off with the fritters. I got the Sisay Singho dish which is a chicken leg and thigh served with coconut rice, sautéed spinach and fried plantains. Seriously to die for!Love the food but the service is usually terrible.
It was especially bad today. We walked into an empty restaurant and were greeted like we just spat on the only waitress there. She looked at us as though we immediately inconvenienced her. No greeting. She dropped the menus on the table and walked away she; we walked out. We've been there a dozen times and though the waiters are generally indifferent or rude, the food is usually enough to come back. 
So much for an anniversary dinner at one of our favorite restaurants. The food is always great, but thru REALLY need to find better wait staff.Yes, dear reader, I am at last returning to the wonderful world of YELP! after a far-too-long sabbatical, and what better way to do so than with reviews from my recent trip to "the Big Easy"?
There is no better way, I tell you.
Anyhoo, Bennachin is all the way african.  African music.  African decor.  African staff.  Of course, the african cooking is what we went there for, and let me tell you, it was great.  Everything was so delicious we shared it all.  It took kind of a while for the food to come out (there was some speculation that they were actually back there plucking a fresh chicken for us) but man, it was worth the wait.
I know you probably don't think AFRICAN when you go to New Orleans, but give this place a try some time.  You won't regret it.I'm vegetarian and I ordered the #43. The 40 was out of order. The vegetables were certainly frozen vegetables that had been steamed and mixed with eggplant. My gf ordered the gumbo and the soup was very slimy.
It took 45 min to receive these dishes and the place was half empty.Hearty, delicious soul food. I had the Kone ni Makondo - stew of black-eyed peas, tomatoes and onions served alongside rice, bread and fried plaintains. My friend got something equally as delicious that I don't remember but know I loved. I have been on a vegetarian kick lately (Tofu sandwich at Moon Wok today was AMAZING) and this is a great place to get some really filling, veggie friendly eats. The space is just OK, although there is a cute window seat in the front. We got ours to go but the woman who took our take out order was friendly. I had one of their ginger sodas that was spicy and sweet, a bit too sweet for me but really good. Would definitely go here again, especially in the colder weather.I came here with my partner on a recent date. We actually came here on our first date more than a year and a half ago, but we decided to come back because neither of us could remember what the food tastes like. 
From our food experience the other night, it looks like there was a reason for that. I thought it was because I was just so nervous. I ordered a lamb dish, and it was very bland, from the sauce to the couscous. They were out of the drink I ordered. Service was okay, and the food seemed fresh and healthy. Just not in love with it even after giving it a second chance.My first time for African. What a pleasant surprise. I will definitely be back. I had cashew chicken with brown gravy and the portion size was large enough for me to have leftovers a few times. We tried the ginger drink which was nice and spicy if you like ginger. The plantain appetizer is a must. Fairly casual and fairly quiet. We enjoyed the window seat.Picked up takeout today,  i tried the veggie curry plate and it was delicious, a little spicier than i like, but thats what real curry is.  Everybody else's is so watered down.  I always visit their booth at Jazz Fest so i knew I would like it.  I am absolutely satisfied and i will return.I've eaten here twice, and I enjoyed the food (and the BYOB policy) a lot. Great plantains and coconut rice. The grilled fish and chicken dishes were both tasty. They ask you how spicy you'd like your food - I asked for medium and it was fine. 
I'm taking one star off for the TV playing in the background, and the strong incense smell.I see my last review was from over 3 years ago. I think I've been back since then and just didn't review it, but not entirely sure. In any case, this time I did skip the appetizers (only because I had a late lunch and wasn't that hungry) and ordered the Domoda (beef & ground roasted peanut stew served over rice). It was absolutely delicious with tender beef chunks and a sauce that had a perfect zingyness but was not too too spicy.
Our server was lovely and, as before, the wait time for our food (my friend, a vegetarian and not an adventurous eater, ordered the Baham (broccoli, cauliflower & carrots in a light ginger sauce, served with cous cous) and enjoyed it) was reasonable even tho she was the only one serving and the restaurant filled up not long after we got there.
Look forward to eating there again. Hopefully it won't be another three years!This was one of the best meals we had in NOLA.  The food is screams homemade and the service is attentive.  I really enjoyed finding spots like these to adventure out of the norm.  The soup of the day was a cross between okra and spinach and was divine! It was a cool night so the soup helped a lot.  As for the food, the plates are hearty, so do bring that appetite.So, today was the first trip to this establishment and while I have no previous experience with African cuisine, this was a very good restaurant.  The service was amazing.  The were very tentative to my needs.  The food was superb for what I expected.  I had the Cope ni Cone which was ginger and garlic sauce with broccoli and chicken over rice.  The flavors were very simple, but the taste was very pleasing to the pallet.  I would recommend this to anyone that wants a good meal, but can't vouch for the authenticity of the cuisine since I've never experienced authentic African cuisine from a native.I've only been to this restaurant twice, but I can say that I'm quite pleased that they offer an adequate amount of vegan/vegetarian options.  It's especially worthwhile to eat here at lunch at the reduced rate because the portions are quite generous.  The only complaint I have is that the vegetables they use are from the frozen food section of grocery stores, but I suppose a good many more causal dining establishments do the same.  Also really neat - you can adjust the spiciness of your food but be forewarned - really spicy can be well, REALLY spicy.This restaurant is a gem! Not typical NO, but fantastic! I don't know how they get that much flavor in their food. The atmosphere was fun, the service could have been a little better. We'll definitely go back!Service and food delivery was incredibly long. An hour and 15 to get food. Food is good, seemed authentic and interesting. Overall, the food is not as good as the creole and Cajun dishes we ate.One of the best hole-in-the-wall restaurants in the city.  They have big portions, good prices and it's BYOB.
It's more of a winter time spot for me and I'm into the Beef Ndame and the plantains.  Oh yeah, and the Apricot Lamb....it takes a while, but will melt in your mouth...seriously.I used to eat at Bennachin all the time when it was in Mid-City on Carrollton. Then about 7 or 8 years ago they moved to the Quarter where they raised the prices and reduced the portions. With that being said, it's still some of the best home-cooked food around. The service has always been terrible but the food always makes up for it. Their kitchen is a small 4-burner stove you find in any home and the cook is this small black woman that looks like my friend's mother. 
Whenever I go, I always get the Akara like everyone else and either get the Shipa Shipa, their version of Shrimp Creole, or the Sisay Singho, a slow-cooked chicken leg that literally falls off the bone that's served with a side of spinach and fried plaintains.
I used to eat there at least three times a week when I went to UNO and wanted a home-cooked meal. Now I don't go as much but Bennachin is the ONLY restaurant in the whole metro area whose food hasn't declined since Katrina.