This place is awesome. If you want a trick for cheap daqs with a friend... order a large and ask to split in the small cups. Mixing the flavors will give you the best combo. Friendly staff and great drinks. I will always come back for the pizza and Jell-O shots.We started the night here and ended the night here. We stopped by to get daiquiris which were good! I had the hurricane with an extra shot of rum. 
On our walk back to our Airbnb we stopped in for pizza. I got the chicken sriracha. I can't say it was bad but it wasn't out of this world. It's "I'm pretty drunk so everything tastes good" quality, haha.Pizza is pretty good! Daiquiris are really good lots of different flavors to choose from. I would recommend the hurricane daiquiriRude customer service, literally yelling at us to leave when clearly they closed at 6 am not 515This place basically has a row of booze filled slurpee machines. Most are daquari flavored, with a few variations that include sangria, margarita and pina colada. This was a prefect treat for to sip on while walking around in the humid NOLA weather. The drink was so cold it frosted my straw over and stayed cold through the duration of time I drank it, which was about 30 minutes. More flavor options would have been nice.Mediocre pizza with mediocre service. Nothing about this place is memorable but if you've been drinking on Bourbon Street you may not care!Is frozen drink place
Pretty pricey comparatively. 
Got a drink for $12. Came with souvenir cup. 
Won't be back bc prices are jus meh for what you get.There is no better way to end a drunken night on Bourbon St, than with some greasy pizza from Big Easy! Take this place for what it is, which is a fun place to stop for oversized frozen drinks and some damn good pizza...drunk OR sober. 
The inside is also super spacious, so that even the largest groups won't feel cramped, and there are plenty of places to sit. They also have a cool vibe going with all the bright colors and neon lights.First night in Nola, thought this would be a cool place to go and experience the night life! Until..... this place lost our credit card behind the bar within 2 seconds... ultimately in the end we got kicked out of the place for asking employees to do a deeper search. They do not have any respect for customers and told us never to come back. Plus they stopped searching for the credit card and told us to basically get lost! Not the best place to grab a quick drink but a great place to grab a quick headache.Our first night in New Orleans and on Bourbon street and this happened to be our first spot for some drinks and shots. My friends and I were in town for my 30th birthday and we all ordered drinks here. I had jungle juice slushy with a double shot and my boyfriend had the hurricane slushy with a double shot as well. We ordered the largest size they had and we were not disappointed. We stayed for a bit and ordered some shots while we waiting on some other friends. I asked for a Kamikaze and the waitress did an amazing job making them. We all chugged ours and was well on our way to start the night on Bourbon. We did not get a chance to try the food but it smelled delicious. Next time we are in town I would love to try their pizza. As for the drinks with double shots it is worth the price and you will not be disappointed. I will be back.Rude server with the braids. He gave my friend a sample of one of the Daq flavors in a shot glass. I simply asked if I can try the Rose before  i committed to spending $15 on a sugary 20oz drink and he flat out said NO. mind you, they have sample sized cups and he JUST had given one to my friend right next to me. Needless to say, I ordered the Peach and it was "okay"While we were on our way back to our hotel we decided to have "1 more" so glad we did!! Paid to have any extra shot poured in and sat back and enjoyed great conversation with the bartender Julia!! Really enjoyed ourselves here. Thanks Julia!!Bought a 13 dollar monster sized daquiri, we drank about half of it and junked it, we don't think there was any booze in it, and that's way too much money for an icee.  Not impressed at all.definitely one of my favorite daiquiri places in NOLA! The drinks are actually strong, cute souvenir cup, and a good price! This was my go to spot when I was in town. It's also in the perfect location around fun bars and shops! OMG and how could I forget the pizza----AMAZING!! Fresh, hot, and cheap!!The pizza is pretty decent by the slice. But they could rehaet it before serving. And also the music in this place sucks ass. But hey I'm on bourbon street. Only place really n with good runes in this street is the Old Absent House. They for all the funk bizm I must day however the service. Is very a tentative here. So b yeah for stars for shity music & no reheat. But other than that gold.Big Easy has a few different locations around the Quarter and they all serve the same things - about 10 different varieties of frozen alcoholic bevvies and crappy looking pizza.  I can't speak for the pizza and would probably never be drunk enough to order it, but we did visit twice on vacation and tried four different flavors.  The Hurricane was super sweet, but they normally are so I wasn't expecting anything but.  My go-to has been a mix (you can do that) of strawberry and piña colada, providing a nice mix of sweet and tart.  If you are not sure what you want, they will sample all of the flavors for you.  
If you want a tacky fleur de lis souvineer cup they have them, otherwise you can get two different sizes of styrofoam cups to go.  They also have the option to add more liquor, well or call for $2-3.  
Two 32oz beverages with shots added came to $32, and based on my level of intoxication and the relative drink prices here I'd say it is well worth it.Big easy has one of my favorite daiquiris of all town, the sangria. its expensive but very high quality stuff.If you're in NOLA, you have to check out the French quarter... the French quarter means Bourbon Street! 
Ahhh good old bourbon street, where the party never ends and you can freely walk around with a refreshing hydrating drink. ;) This is an extremely important fact because it is very humid in the south. Which lead me to the idea of quenching my thirst. This also made me think about killing two birds with stones. Why the heck not? 
Ice cold drink+alcohol+flavor= daiquiri
Highly recommend checking out this place because they have wonderful souvenir cups that are refillable for a price. Also they have tons of flavors available. 
On this particular night I had the peach Bellini and anti-freeze mixed in with an extra shot in a beautiful Pink cup. 
After all was said and done, I knew I made the perfect decision to quench my thirst. I defiantly recommend this place!I look at the pizza here on bourbon and it looks old I came here and found pizza to be decent and not as thin as the other pizza shops on pizza,  great place to eat at end of nightAbsolutely awful Do yourself a favor and stay away. Recommend NOT eating the pizza due to the simple fact that I got food poisoning from half a slice of the cheese pizza; it was cold and must have been sitting out for a long time. I was vomiting all night an hour or so after the pizza and had to spend the night in the hospital.
Bartender was "too busy" to come back and replace the slice. I complained it didn't taste right at the time but to no avail.. Pathetic. Never going back.  Eat at your own risk!I just came here for the fluer de lis hurricane cup .
The daiquiris are very sweet and sugary , you can't really taste any alcohol .  
If your into getting sugar wasted with a stomach ache ...go for it  !  I just paid $7 for the hurricane cup and asked them to pour a beer in it instead of the hurricane !Another fun stop for a slushy. A mix of Appletini and 190 proof whatever.....
Just another Bourbon St must have!!I really liked this place. The decor was bright and colorful, the $4 per slice pizza was hot and tasty, and the drinks were good. Service was good, and the staff friendly. I was there on Christmas Day.It's exactly what the name of the place says...lol.  Got great flavors and you get to mix and match if you would like.  They let you taste all the flavors if you like.  Customer service was awesome and they had great music.  Pizza's are made fresh there so you can have a slice of pizza with your favorite flavors of daiquiris!  We loved it!  It was a great midnight snack after walking the French Quarter.We came to this place last night just for some quick drunk food. We got pizza which was mediocore. Its nothing to rave about. I have never had the daiquris simply because I know they are made with rail alcohol and that stuff leaves you with hangovers and headaches.Excellent customer service and good varieties. You have to pay for more alcohol to be added to your drink to make it strong enough. A few locations in the quarters. If you buy a big cup, refills are only $9 at any of their locations.Our bartender looked less than thrilled to be there that night, so he awkwardly stood there while we decided on a daiquiri flavor. The pina colada flavor was like that of a La Croix - barely there. The pink fleur de lis cup was a fun touch though!Typical Bourbon fare daiquiri, but atypical service. Christina was fantastic. Checked on us several times throughout the duration of our visit. Also, no idea what's in the Sangria daiquiri but it's delicious. It's probably on the weaker side, but I'm not really sure since we'd already had a lot to drink by this point, but I was in love with the daiquiri here. The pizza wasn't bad either. Friendly staff and good food and drinks. Definitely a win for the french quarter.stopped in at 2am for a late night single slice pizza and it was very good! The slice was big and extra cheesy! I definitely would grab another slice here anytime.I visited NOLA Valentine's Day weekend. We started drinking as soon as we got lunch! Lol so about 4-5, boy was I pretty buzzed and what is the best thing ever for a drunkie (besides Waffle House or ihop lol) PIZZA. This place was only a few doors down from RAZZOOs which is the bar I was at so trotted along hungrily for a slice!  When I arrived I was greeted and asked which slice I wanted. Smiles from ear to ear! Man that pizza was the bomb.com and let me tell you, I love me some pizza. Pizza of all kinds! Pizza any time of day! I just love it! One bit of it and I was a goner! U would have thought I'd met the love of my life in a bite! It was so cheesy and full of goodness. That I returned 3 hours later for two slices! I wanna add tho, I was pretty drunk. But I will say this for those few minutes, I thought I took a bite of heaven lolGood daiquiris and good pizza if I remember correctly it's been along time since I visited. Jello shots where good too i love the local scenery.I stumbled upon this place, literally, after an evening at one of the bars on Bourbon Street.  I'm always hungry after drinking and noticed pizzas being served so in I went.
ATMOSPHERE:
If I remember correctly, one side of the open-air eatery had a bar with daiquiri machines, the other side served up pizzas.  There were a few tables inside but most of their business is take out as you can drink on the streets, just like Las Vegas.  Love that!
MENU:
Daiquiris, cocktails, beer, hurricanes, pizza.
FOOD:
I got a slice of pepperoni/cheese for my spouse and a slice of peperoni/cheese/pork for me.  My spouse fell asleep so I ended up eating both Costco-sized slices.  They were thin crusted, chewy and tasty.  Priced around $3 each.
SERVICE:
The gent making pizzas also took my order.  He was friendly and great at multi-tasking.  And yes, he did remove his gloves when handling cash.  If not, I wouldn't have eaten here!
OVERALL:
Fast, cheap, easy, and tasty.  Yes, I'm talking about the pizza!This place was pitched in the best location. Was not to busy and the bar trnder let us taste test to see which one we liked. For 11 or 10 dollars your getting alot.Bartender asked for my ID, I said "bless you my child". Then she studied it like maybe I wasn't really decades past 21!  My husband said it was a very good strawberry daiquiri, it is only the second daiquiri I ever had so I am not an expert, but I liked it!  Loud music, full of smokers, I got my drink to go.  They have pizza by the slice opposite the bar. No stars off, on Bourbon Street, everything goes!  I wanted to try it because I lived their neon sign.Clean great pizza and daiquiris , right on bourbon street 5& a slice pizza . Right on Bourbon street fast junk  food  quick. Vegetarian option But, no veganDelicious drinks! This is a great place to cool off with a cold drink. You can even add an extra shot. It's not necessary because the drink is strong enough by itself. Late night the pizza can be a real winner. It smelled great but I had already eaten. They have daiquiris to please any palate so feel free to sample if you're torn. Sucks to be after the person that samples everything. They should limit the samples. During the day they should have some tables. The bar is cool but a high top table would have been nice.Great pizza and great drinks! The service was awesome as this was our first place in to go in New Orleans and they helped us out with the rest of our weekend! Awesome peopleDon't underestimate the power of a frozen drink when the temperatures are hovering around 99 F.
They have a virgin strawberry version that did the trick.  It cooled us down and tasted great at the same time.  While we were there, we shared a slice of sausage and pepperoni pizza to hold us over until dinner.
Quick, easy and budget-friendly.  We're fans.  4 StarsExtremely rude guy (late 30s, bald) behind the Pizza counter. Would have not ordered if we had another option at that time of the night. I can't believe we didn't give him a mouthful, probably because we were famished.Not my first choice for New Orleans cuisine but it did the trick at 2 am. Pizza and Daiquiris were just fine for a late night snack. I got the meat pizza and a peach daiquiri.Great staff, our bartender was always cheerful even though we were being indecisive of which drinks to get but she had good suggestions. Love that it's roomy. Most bars are small and crammed in.It's like adult slurpees! There are other locations. This one kind of flooded on the street when it rainedI took a weekend trip to meet my children after they got off the cruise ship.   The drinks were good as well as the pizza.  It's not the best I ever had, and not cheap at all for a slice, but I will go back when I am in town. They were very friendly and I think they remembered my children from the weekend before. LOL  Thank you for a good time and feeding us when we were drinking.  Oh they have jello shots in syrnges and they are huge.Great pizza late. Nice folks that work there and great crust. 
We hit the pizza place for a couple slices and it was the ticket after 31 whiskey cokes. 
Great place! Good pizza. 
If you're staying at the 4 points Sheraton it's right next door.Typical Bourbon Street daiquiri/pizza place.  It is overpriced, but not as bad as other places on Bourbon. The pizza is pretty good, and I like that they retoast it when you order.First time in new orleans and im glad we walked into this place. Jorge, the bartender, is extremely friendly and made us feel super welcome. Definitely recommend everyone to stop in. At least a shot!No complaints from me! Fun containers, and lots of flavors. I loved the rose daiquiri!I tried a frozen drink. They're really tasty and a great way to cool off. My friends tried their pizza and said it was okay. Ehhh. It's not really a destination but rather a place you just sort of hop to and from.We enjoyed hanging out watching the NBA finals without all thhe craziness. Staff is very friendlyMixer was cool. Buy a daiquiri and keep the specialty cup because you then get a discount of $9, instead of $12 to refill. You can do this at any Big Easy. It's an alright deal considering the prices of drinks in the area.
$5 slices of pizza. Pretty dead in there. It was just the two of us.
But it's an overall mediocre place.Nice staff.  Great drinks and pizza.  Easy your pain from last night right here.staff is friendly and engaging.  Clean and ready to serve.  EnjoyWhat's a trip to New Orleans without a stroll down Bourbon street with a daiquiri? After looking in several places, we came across Big Easy and were immediately pleased with the level of service and attention from the staff. There were plenty of tables to sit at and a nice variety of daiquiri flavors to choose from and of course the souvenir fleur de lis cup! They also sell beer, cocktails and pizza slices. The frozen drink I had ; the Hurricane; was potent without overpowering the other flavors in the daiquiri and tasted great! I look forward to going again on my next trip to NOLA.I don't like how they just have flies landing on the pizza ... and it's good when it's freshly made but not worth no damn almost 6 dollars a slice with fly juice addedCome for the beers and seating in this central location of Bourbon Street. Oh, and there's an outlet close to the side door for your sneaky phone charging needs!
Pizza, passable. Colin got a slice of cheese pizza to share and it served its purpose for hunger but didn't impress us with flavor. 
Music was boppin' but not too loud which made for fun conversation before a night out. 
Local NOLA beer served here and a plug-in to charge? I'll probably make my way back here at some point when I get to visit NOLA again.Daiquiris are very good, I prefer the pina colda however I found out by accident the pizza is exceptionally good as well. Just go and check it out. They sell a keepsake cup that is good for discount refills as well. This location as virgin strawberry, not all locations sell the virgin variety, however this is the only virgin flavor.New Orleans is the to-go cup capital of the world. Big Easy Daiquiri's is a typical daiquiri shop, several flavors, several sizes, and just enough of a buzz to get you rolling. Stop into one and have a seat for awhile to rest, or take it in the world famous to go cup and stroll the streets while you drinkThis place gets 5 stars based on friendliness alone. The staff working behind the counter were extremely friendly. Gave recommendations on what frozen drinks to mix. I'd definitely be back. Oh and the Jell-O shots are STRONG. They're 2 for $6..so be careful!Yummm... Peach Bellini with 151... come on now... what is to complain about... maybe the price... about 12 bucks for a large... (I can't remember) 
Its hot out... damn hot... and this is cool... way cool... 
NOTE: get this drink and then walk over to Café du Monde and get three Beignets,
Daiquiri and Beignets... 
 the breakfast or lunch or whatever of Tourist Champions.. ;)Came here on an empty stomach before I started drinking on Bourbon Street. I ordered two pepperoni pizzas which are $4 and they tasted great even though it was a bit greasy but did a great job! I did not buy any daiquiris or beer I did get a water and the bartender was a sweetheart which they need more of those on Bourbon! They do give you free samples of which daiquiri you'd like to try. They also carry beer and Jell-O shots. Bartenders don't push to sell their drinks which I also liked unlike those shot girls from the other bars. Great music and neon decor, definitely try the pizza makes great drunk food!Cheap Pizza, which tastes like a frozen Tostino's, but what can you expect late night on Bourbon.
The staff was friendly, but there is nothing special about this place. The only reason to stop in is to get some bread in your stomach to soak up that Handgrenade you had earlier...Greasy and delicious pizza by the slice,
*Their buffalo chicken pizza was especially good*. Tasty and refreshing Daiquiris! What more can you ask for? The prices are fair, and the place is conveniently located. I'd definitely go back regularly if I were a local.This is definitely the cheap and drunk place to go late night. I ordered a slice of pizza and was pretty good. The drinks are awesome here. So why the 2 star review? I saw a roach crawling by the pizza. If I could have regurgitated the food, I would have. My stomach just turned. So eat here at your own risk, but I'm sure that when you're drunk enough you'll eat it.I went a few times to this place for the pizza while I visited New Orleans.   The evening of 3/27/2018 was one of those times.  This was hands down the best pizza I have ever had.  The crust was perfect.  The pizza always had very little oil on top.  The siracha chicken was off the hook.  
The restaurant was clean every time I visited.   The guys were super nice and hard workers.  
I can't comment on the frozen drinks, I'm not really into those.We stopped here on a whim to get a daiquiri. It's near the beginning of Bourbon St. so we had our drink while strolling through the French Quarter. Good prices for good daiquiris.Love it here! Amazing pizza and even better staff! If you want a shot, order the Fruity F**ker! This drink was created by Cassandra! Declan was also awesome and super helpful, as well as Cristina! Will come back again.I unfortunately didn't get a picture, because I immediately started eating my slice, and it was delicious, so it went quickly! Love that they have a yummy vegetarian option that isn't just cheese; I had the Pesto Tomato Ricotta slice. Was genuinely surprised by how good it was: dough was thin & pliable, but still really soft and flavorful. The tomatoes seemed fresh, too, even though the pizza was already pre-made. Definitely recommend for vegetarians near Bourbon St who need a quick bite!!If you really want a great New Orleans daiquiri, bypass this place!  The daiquiris are like sno-cones and with the same amount of alcohol!  The service is poor as well.  When  we didn't opt for the extra shot of liquor, the bartender told us we should have and pointed to the place on my credit card receipt for a tip!! We had already put cash in the tip jar.Wife and I were exploring Bourbon Street and decided to stop in for a drink. Place was completely empty at the time so we sat at the bar and met what turned out to be the most amazing bartender ever. Her name is Secret and we enjoyed talking with her so much that we stayed for nearly 2 hours and had several more of her delicious daiquiris. She suggested peach originally and I was skeptical as I'm not a peach fan but she made me a believer. She truly made our experience there one to never forget. She made us feel like family as well as gave us a lot of information/tips about NOLA in general. So happy to have discovered this spot and to have met her. Definitely check it out and if you're fortunate enough to meet Secret tell her Jonathan and Jessica said hello!!Awesome drinks!! our bartender was amazing as well! she was extremely friendly, personable, cool and easy going!SURPRISINGLY GOOD SLICE!  Yeah I know BED's is a tourist trap on Bourbon, and I risk all credibility ranking it highly, but compared to many of our well known pizza joints this is a darn good basic product. One slice of Pep and Sausage is a half pound, conveyor-broiled to your degree of crispness, and priced about the same as other places at $4.50 for a huge 1/6th of a 16" pie.  
HOW IT STACKS UP:
"Pizza Delicious": BED's has way more ingredient options;
"Theo's": BED's has half the grease (see photo):
"Slice": BED's crust is firm and not mushy;
"Sugar Park": BED's is not as cloyingly salty;
"Little Vic's": BED's is way cheaper and by the slice;
"Café Roma", "Angeli", "Reginelli's","VCP", "Magazine": BED's has a thin crust, not thick and doughy.  Further, it's efficient counter service so you only have to tip a dollar or so for the jar (Hey, I'm frugal it adds up!)
NO IT'S NOT "DOMENICA" (the goddess of local pizza) but for what it is, a quick tasty individual slice, it doesn't suck...especially if you've been drinking.
FYI: I ask them to grill it a little more so it's crunchier.Loud, rowdy, and lots of drunk people. Why would  you come in you ask...let me tell you! 
2 Jell-O shots for $6 and the BOMB pizza! 
The pizza at almost $5 a slice was so good. I'm not big on liquor or pizza but during Mardi Gras this was my spot. I ate and drank a lot of both. I loved the Jell-O shots and omg the pizza. I was almost here every night.  The pizza at 6 AM was perfect! 
-Pesto Ricotta was the bomb! (Mine) 
-Buffalo chicken was bomb! (Mine) 
-My friends liked the cheese, pepperoni, and sausage/pepperoni! They also loved my pizzas too! Sometimes they were out of the Pesto pizza which made me sad. The pizza was greasy but I like greasy! 
Most of the guy employees were nice and one was a cutie! If only I didn't have a boyfriend. There was one girl at the register that was giving out 1 star service, so rude. Hopefully you can avoid her or they fire her soon. Otherwise you're good! 
Keep in mind it's loud inside, and hip hop music is  blaring so it's hard to hear. I advise you to not touch the dirty bathrooms at least during Mardi Gras, it's like a Tornado hit a porta potty! Enjoy!Pros: right off Bourbon St.. Flavorful drinks. Big enough for social distancing & hand sanitizer on site.
Cons: Not a lot to choose from. Slushees with a splash of alcohol. Overpriced, cus we weren't even kinda tipsy & I'm a lightweight. Staff didn't wear their masks properly, if at all.This place was exactly what I needed when I was walking around New Orleans.
All I wanted was a delicious hurricane, and I got exactly what I needed- maybe a little too much if you know what I mean.
I ordered the largest size I could because why not. The person working was super friendly. And fortunately I was there at a non busy time so there was no way.
This place is located right off of Bourbon so it's right near all the fun. I love these kind of drinks because it is usually hot and humid in New Orleans so you need something to cut the heat and these do the trick.Pretty good pizza ... had a pepperoni and a meat lovers. There's soooooo many of these guys around Bourbon Street. I bet it's amazing when you're drunk! HaHa! Only had two pizzas to choose from, stand and eat or take it with ya.THIS place folks, has the best Hurricane on Bourbon Street! Sweet and blended but didn't have the overbearing concentrate taste of a slushy or snow cone like many other places did!The daiquiris were good. The pizza was bomb!!! Enjoyed the overall experience. Went between midnight and 2am. Easy order and short wait time.My 28 year old son stopped here to have a drink. Two women bought him a shot he proceeded to talk with them. When they wanted him to buy a drink he couldn't he had run out of cash and had a minimal amount of cash on his card. They didn't believe him he said go ahead and try. They took his card tried to buy a drink then went ballistic when they couldn't get one. They proceeded to point a can of mace in his face and shoot. He couldn't see he was in extreme pain. He yelled for help the bartenders here did nothing to help... how inhumane could you be. Thanks to some help from total strangers who bought an Uber and held his hand thank God for kind people.... be careful here they don't care.I liked this place. At first we thought the daiquiris in the  souvenir cups were steep at $11 apiece then realized they were a steal. We got double the amount and they were sooooooo icy and good. I got pina colada and the bday girl got Appletini. Mine was tropical and fruity, hers tart and sweet. We paid a dollar for each daiquiri to have an extra shot...totally worth it. Other flavors included sangria,  strawberry,  and peach bellini. 
My one complaint was that the bartender ignored us. There weren't a lot of people at the bar either. We finally had to say something when she started to take the order of the people RIGHT NEXT to us. They even told her we had been waiting.  She huffed and said to us, "I need to see your IDs." Once she saw we were of age (mind you we are 25) she softened up. I get it if she needed to card us, but she could have nipped it in the bud from the get go. 
Saw some people eating pizza. It looked good but we didn't have a chance to get any. 
We'll be back next time we visit though!I had to have my Peach Bellini daiquiri with an extra shot. I usually prefer a strawberry daiquiri but after tasting my wife's daiquiri the last time we stopped here I have switched to the peach. That thing is good!  Ever since then I've been mixing Peach Bellini's at the house for my wife and sis-n-law............and for me. That has become one of my new favorites especially when I'm out of one of the six ingredients to make a Long Island tea. Ya gotta try the Peach Bellini in a daiquiri here at Big Easy!  Get a large if you're gonna be strolling through the French Quarters.  You won't be disappointed!Stopped in here walking back to our hotel. These huge drinks for just $15 dollars each! They were delicious and very strong. Would recommend stopping by and checking it out!Other than the price of the daiquiris, the place is decent.  Nice selection and you can get a beer if you don't want to put your man card away while drinking one of these.They have these things scattered all over the Quarter...plain little spots that serve frozen daiquiris...straightforward and nothing much to tell...on my most recent foray into the Quarter this ended up being a good place to stop and just chill with a White Russian...It might not be my 1st, 2d, 3d or 4th choice for a stop in but on this night, dammit, JIm, I was happy to find this little oasis of calm and just chill awhile!!!I am not in the habit of walking down the street with a drink in my hand, BUT this was New Orleans, AND it was hot and humid, AND we were weary from browsing the French Market, AND their air conditioning hit us like an arctic breeze as we were walking down the street, SO we stopped in.  The bartender was delightful.  She was very friendly and very engaged with all her customers.
My wife had the strawberry daiquiri and I got the pina colada.  Of course I got a brain freeze, but the 151 rum helped numb the effects.  We even bought the silly cups and finished our drinks on the way back to our hotel.  It was another fun experience in New Orleans.  
And I forgive myself for my earlier run-on-sentence.The daiquiris are very tasty. Our helper was Nick. He suggested that we get the painkiller which is 190 octane mixed with hurricane.Cute little open walk in place with Pizza by the slice and pre-made frozen drinks. Got a slice of Pizza and a Pina Colada. Pizza was ok a lot better then Dante Pizza on St. Peter. Pina Colada was weak. But then again this stuff is all pre-made.I've been to Daiquiri bars before; nobody upsells or mixes this well!
Brandy made me a strawberry shortcake fleur-de-lis that is AWESOME. Pay the extra for a great drink that will really get you going. She knows what she's talking about!I am not a big fan of New Orleans faux daiquiris but this location has the sangria daiquiris that I absolutely love. This thing tastes like a real frozen sangria but at $9 a piece its a treat that you can only enjoy every now and then.Stopped here while making my way down to Frenchman Street. Ordered the strawberry daiquiri, which is basically an alcoholic slushie.Big Easy Daiquiris has a nice selection of flavors. Happy about that because other places I went to, didn't have a good selection and seemed to be pricey. 
Going on what one would call a "clean up maintenance day" was a great experience.  For those who don't know what that means...it's not the Thur-Sat party scene.  This location was not bad at all. 
It was good. The bartender was professional yet coo and had good conversation for those who were in there. 
The Anti-Frrrrreeeeze, is great mixed with the margarita. You get a $9 refill.  Most daiquiri places don't do discounted refills. Can't wait to see what it's like when they are busy.We stopped in for a couple drink before checking in to our hotel.
I got a couple beers and the wife had a couple daquiris.
We also got crawfish cakes and fries.
Its a bar so cant expect much w the food.  It served its purpose.  The drinks were good.
The bartender was very nice abd accomodating.
We were there in the afternoon so people were just in and out except us.Didn't have anything here but a Bloody Mary, and it was DELICIOUS (it better be for $10...). Their vodka soaks all the garnishes (pearl onions, pickled green beans, olives). Makes a world of difference. Spicy, tomatoey....it will rock your face off.
There's few things I hate more than a bad Bloody Mary but this one did not disappoint. Yum.I am totally amazed at the fabulous service that was provided at this place. I wasn't expecting it. The two young employees that were working made our night. Thank you for brightening our day!!! Y'all were the best. Follow IG @ RaeLynn.brattenCheap sugary pre-made frozen drinks. Exactly what I needed. :)Not the best customer service but the drinks are delicious!!! I ordered the cute souvenir cup in pink with a mix of peach bellini and sangria and two Jell-O shots. The mixed drink was so good!!! Didn't really taste the alcohol but none the less I will be coming back to get a refill.Excellent customer service and good varieties. You have to pay for more alcohol to be added to your drink to make it strong enough. A few locations in the quarters. If you buy a big cup, refills are only $9 at any of their locations.Slusheeeeee... I'm going against the grain and voting 4 stars on jello shots alone. They come in a fabulous syringe are a very generous size and are 2 for $5.  There is a wall of frozen slushy delight - many flavors to choose from if you're looking to get your swerve on. The peach bellini was good and I had something else that tasted like orange. Some have 151. Does the job, refreshing, tasty and convenient - Nuff said.Came to town for my bday. Needed emergency food so we stopped in here. There was a mixed looking girl working with a very large chest. I think her large chest made her think she can be mean to everyone cause she was rude to the entire party of 11 I brought in. Pizza was pretty ok. Two stars for service and foodYum... I like the icee for grownups. Staff is nicer at the one on 428 canal st. New Orleans LA (504)903-1763.The service here was horrible. The staff was very unfriendly. I was greeted with disdain when trying to order a daiquiri. As if I was bothering them from their Cigarette and Conversation with each other. Never AGAIN!So like most tourist i wanted to walk around the french quarter with a drink in my hand so i stopped here for frosty drink.  Lots of flavors to choose from, I ended up getting the hurricane which is kinda the local drink around here.  Ended up getting the souvenir cup which for the extra buck, which supposively held an extra 4 oz over the 9 dollar counterpart.  The drink also came with a free shot but i dont think it had any alcohol in it, or at least i couldnt taste anything. The daqueri was decent and had a good mix if rum.
My main complaint about my experience was that when i got down to the the bottom of my drink, i noticed a piece  of plastic.  I didnt want to walk back to the store i bought it from so i just went to the nearest one.  I told the staff my problem and they were like "what do you want me to do about it?"  Well i asked if i could get my money back but they said no since i already drank most of the drink.  Well obviously i wouldnt of noticed the plastic until i got to the bottom right?  Anyways they did offer me a new cup with a new drink, didnt have any choice so i just took it as compensation.Great service! We stopped in for a hurricane and were met with a very welcoming attitude.With a name like theirs, you'd think this review would be about daiquiris...but you'd be wrong. I'm writing today to say how much WE LOVE the Big Easy's Bloody Mary. No lie. It's probably the best in the world. The vodka they use is kept in this enormous glass jar on the bar and it's filled with layer upon layer of pickled onions, olives, peppers, sliced lemons, etc. Combined with whatever they use for the tomato mix part...it's beyond great! Every year, we visit NOLA with a bunch of friends for Super Bowl weekend and we always make time for Bloody Marys at Big Easy Daiquiris. :)Nick and Chris for the win! They were the best! Refills on refills on refills all day was the way to go. Go get that pink or green fleur de lis cup because you're saving the environment by not wasting so many cups (you're not in New Orleans for just 1 pain killer. You know you're getting 7 of those today) AND it's cheaper. It gets annoying to hold and bring around, but polluting the environment is more annoying. What made the experience even better was that these guys were really cool. They gave us spots to go to, and had casual conversation. It was funny because we saw them at different locations throughout our vacation. This is just another reason to love New Orleans.The set up is a little strange as there is a large open area in the middle with no furniture or seats. The drink machines are off to the side. 
There is a wide variety of drinks that are sweet. I ordered the Peach Bellini. They have a decent amount of alcohol in there but by the time that you're half way through the container, it starts to smell like vomit.Annoying and loud music with no customers and cheap drinks. There are a dozens of better places within a few blocksGreat place for a fast frozen drink on a hot day. I'd recommend getting the White Russian but make sure you add extra shots yourself because it's not too strong.Alright, I love the frozen drink concept that new orleans has picked up.  It's great.  I'm also into the whole discounts on refills thing.  I have been to Jester and to Mango Mango, but this was my first trip to Big Easy (I usually only do one daiquiri place per trip because of the refill deal).  They do have a TON of flavors, and they do top off your drink with an extra shot for only $1.  But the line was ridiculous, and the bartenders were soooo poorly organized.  Then, they announced that they weren't accepting cards anymore.  Anger, rage and gnashing of teeth broke out across the bar.
It took us 30 minutes to get our drink.  It was $10, and took me like 5 minutes to drink.  Went back for a refill. $9.  WTF, that is no deal at all!  I never know to tip at these places, but when the refill discount is only 10% then I definitely won't tip (not that its the bartender's fault but it's the principle of the thing).
I won't be carrying a Big Easy mug on my next nola adventure.They serve huge and tasty frozen Hurricane and various other frozen alcoholic drinks here that you can take with you.  Expect to pay just under $20 including tip for a large drink if you upgrade your drink with a shot add.  They have a very good strawberry additional rum shot upgrade that they recommend that enhances the Hurricane taste and compliments it very nicely.
At one point as I walked around the French Quarter, I had a Big Easy Hurricane drink in one hand and a Cafe Du Monde beignet in the other hand.  That was the total New Orleans experience right there.The excessive neon lighting in this place has always caught my eye if I happened to walk or drive by, but it was the sign that read "pizza by the slice" that drew me in last Saturday night while trying to escape the hand-grenade-and-hurricane-fueled crowd of tourists on Bourbon Street.  
I was starving. 
Food of any kind at that point was my highest priority, and if the sign had read "live eels by the slice" there's a good chance I would've been swayed by that, too.  So when I saw the sign promising food, I found myself drawn in. 
I ordered a slice of cheeze pizza and sat at the bar to eat it.  The neon lights are so bright I felt like it was high noon, not the middle of the night.  The overzealous barback at one point cleaned up the paper plate I was still using.  When I mentioned this he apologized and went to get me a new one.  From then on, I kept a better eye on my plate, lest he take it again.  
In all, this was an interesting experience.  Brought me back to the days when I first lived in New Orleans, and going to Bourbon Street was something I'd do willingly, not under duress.My first daiquiri to go in NOLA. I went with the classic hurricane flavor and an extra shot! Hubby got the peach bellini with an extra shot! It did not disappoint!Super sweet staff and tasty strong drinks! 
The perfect libation for a hot sunny day! We ordered some ridiculous combos of their flavors and opted out of the extra shots for a dollar deal. When the order was inevitably confused, we got free shots anyway!
Mine lasted me through a cigar at the factory two doors down and through a stint getting a reading done at the voodoo shop. Tasty, didn't melt quickly, and full of alcohol - can't ask for much more!
Plus, there are some rad neon lights shaped like fire in there, check it out.Daiquiris are GREAT!!! Right on the strip area before you get to bourbon.. The lady in shop was nice and help us picked out good daiquiri. I recommend the appletini daiquiri and it was good!An inferior copy of the Wet Willie's chain, but it does provide very cold A/C in a convenient location.  However, you really won't want to spend any time in there, with the sketchy crowd hanging out by the slots machines.  Passed by the pizza area on the way to the bathroom, and the pizza looked really rough, definitely would not want to be ordering slices.  Give it a try, but get your daiquiri from here to go.  The workers were at least friendly, though.What do you get when you mix Whole grain alcohol with Tito's..... you get a WOWZER slushy.
Fun stop for a walking drink in the Quarter!OK, I f your stuck on this end of the quarter, because the people you are with can't walk to Bourbon street to Fat Tuesdays, here is your stop, rum so cheep, it will give you gut rot, and overly sweet , to cover the taste .....YummyThey let you mix flavors and add a shot. They were all delicious- I sampled all of them before committing to a mix of apple something and hurricane. 
The slice of pepperoni pizza hit the spot as well. Great place to walk in and get a good frozen beverage & slice of pizza.So much fun with Christina and Decklan! We walked several blocks past other locations just to come see them!Cheap and fun drinks in the French Quarter. Don't expect anything classy, just big dispensers full of iced concoctions that are almost too sweet. I had a Hurricane that I really enjoyed - it wasn't boozy at all but was a bit much even for my sweet tooth. I believe it has rum, fruit juices, simple syrup, and grenadine? Not bad. The place itself doesn't have any frills. Expect to have your drink served in a styrofoam cup or, for added price, a quirky plastic souvenir glass. 
It's a fun place to go to grab a drink in the daytime that you can carry around with you as you explore the French Quarter. I would say first time visitors who are of age should stop by, but it's not the kind of place that one could become a regular at.I would be afraid to buy anything from here when one of your employees is promoting poisoning homeless people.  How can you trust some one to handle your drinks when a person is saying that homeless people should be poisoned. I will not be coming here ever.Free shot with a medium or large daiquiri? Sign me up. Good place to while away a rainy afternoon.Gotta love the open container laws in NOLA. Pick a flavor and take a daiquiri to go. It's like a big alcoholic slushie.Didn't do the daquiri's - nor was I even curious.  When I realized what a "hurricane" was I figured a pixie stick and a shot of vodka might taste better.  Don't get me wrong, if you're into sticky sweet frozen concoctions that look like they come out of a slurpee maching - be my guest.
Beer - though, $4 for a 20 ounce beer.  HELLO??!?  Cheap beer, looked like they had eats (which we didn't try) - and actually they had a pretty good selection of beer on draft.  No complaints on the beer, especially when they serve it in a plastic cup so you can just walk all around town.
Order your own damn beer at the bar, don't sit and expect to be served.  A place like this, with cheap beer, really ....you expect to be served?  Silly you.Go somewhere else. Dirty place. Awful people. Always empty for a reason.skip these tourist spots, Daiquiris are way too sweet and don't leave you with any sort of buzz, just brain freeze.Skip their frozen drinks and gimmicky free shot.  The shot taste like water and the drink well lets just say I thought the large would put me off in the right direction for the beginning of my evening.  All it did was give me a brain freeze.This place should immediately fire the employee who is publicly encouraging people in New Orleans to poison other citizens. I could not trust any food or beverage served at this place knowing it could have been prepared by someone wanting to kill other humans. Knowingly employing someone who participates in such behavior could only mean this establishment supports and encourages such behavior.The bartenders had a very shitty attitude. One of them yelled at us to hurry up and choose because they were closing. I am extremely respectful of someone's time, so I would of preferred for them to just simply turn us away. It's not difficult to just show a-little customer service. Left a terrible impression.This is a really good daiquiri place and good pizza. Can't find this combo anywhere close by the French Quarters, at least to what I witnessed. I am please, thanks for the good daiqz n' pizzuh hahaNot the best. The drinks were really sweet. The flavor was not there. I won't be getting another drink from here anytime soon.$10.50 for 20oz cocktail or $12.50 for a whopping 32oz... the choice wasn't difficult, but which flavor?! Went with the classic strawberry daiquiri after sampling shots of some other artificially luminous and fruity options... Large comes with a free liqueur shot too (get it for another $1 on the medium...)
Cute little corner place near the waterfront, done up inside to look like a kitsch laundromat (frozen cocktail mixes "spinning" inside drums on display behind the bar).
Cue the brain freeze...!They are fast and convenient to get. I have tried the margarita and piña colada both with extra shot. They are decent enough I would go back. It was pretty empty both times I beenI hate when I don't look something up on Yelp and it turns out to be a bust. I wandered in here specifically because I had to use the bathroom and b/c hadn't had a daquiri yet. So what the hell, right?
Wrong. I ordered a medium strawberry, then went to the bathroom. Walking by some limp, tragic pizza and finding the bathroom locked. Apparently someone was using it. And using it. And using it. He walked out and immediately i sensed trouble. I entered the bathroom. Gale-force stench hit me. But I HAD to go so I just bucked up. Oh there's no toilet paper? Surprise. I exited and got toilet paper. Back in. No trash can? Surprise. No hand towels? Surprise. Are you feeling my lack of surprise here?
By the by, it was the middle of the day. It's not like 43 drunken frat boys had used up all the paper goods. The two attendants were chatting with their friends, barely giving me a glance. It cannot be that hard to keep a bathroom clean at 3pm. 
Oh and my small daquiri? 8.50. Find a better spot to get your stuff -- and do your stuff.Stopped in for a beer and to use the restroom and ended up staying for around an hour. It wasn't very busy (early afternoon on a Sunday) so we had a great conversation with Brandon (we think that was his name) who told us a lot about the area and late night on Bourbon St. he was incredibly friendly and welcoming to people who came in and gave quick service.Peach Belini  Daiquiri with an extra shot is all I'm gonna say!  I'm tryna told ya something here but you ain't tryna heard me!  Go wit what I now and everything gonna be alright!  Tell'um I sent ya and don't be surprised by the confused look on the bar patrons face.  Don't worry you'll get that later on in the day when you thought over after you finish your Daiquiri.3.5 for this daiquiri place.
Highlights:
- Have different flavors and list the type and brand of alcohol underneath them.
- 7&7 and Hurricane with Captain are 2 choices
- Big plastic beer bottles available as receptacles--different but bit dangerous.
Lowlights (my flip side to highlights):
- Not too much room in there during a big rush
I'd go back if I wanted something a bit different from my daiquiri and was around one.Drinking on Bourbon Street is a right of passage, right? Been there, done that and have too many souvenir cups to prove it.  Big Easy Daiquiris was no different.  With multiple locations around the city, I found myself there twice on my recent visit - once in the daytime at one location and once in the evening at another.  Very different visits, of course.
When visiting in the daytime, there were other day drinkers present but of course, no major crowd.  I walked in and took a seat at the hightop and was promptly greeted by a friendly bartender.  After a few moments I decided that I didn't want to go TOO hard (it was like 10:45 am), so I opted for the 2/$6 Jello Shots. Not too much before 11 am, LOL.  The jello shots were in novelty syringes that were huge and filled with the alcoholic concoction in jello form!  I chose Cherry and Blue Raspberry and not only were both delicious, as a lightweight I felt a nice buzz so it's good to know that they aren't skimping on the alcohol! Great daytime experience!
My evening experience was something totally different. I will note that this was Dec 31. and at their location on Bourbon Street around 10:30 pm and knew I would be walking into a crowd and that's just what happened. With no clear lines, you're stuck just standing and waiting and pushing ahead to get to the counter. With about 6 bartenders working, it still seemed as if no progress was being made as waiting took longer and longer.  While that was no surprise, it was quite annoying when I saw the Bartender in front of me catering to people in only one section when those of us who were at the front in another area were being skipped over. Being a former Bartender I knew how to get his attention and have no issue ensuring that I'm not continuously skipped over and I'm glad about that as that's the only way I got my drink.  
For $13, the initial few sips and the souvenir cup were worth it but I hated that it seemingly melted before I even got out of the crowd.  Not the company's fault (unless they need to work on their cooling systems) but a bummer nevertheless.  I will say that the fact that the cup is super cute and I remember that the initial taste was yummy saved my experience here along with my original experience while boozing in the daytime.
Your best bet in the evening?  Opt for a smaller joint with fewer lines and better customer service, you'll be much happier.Anytime I see folks walking around NOLA with giant cups and massive drinking funnel like concoctions, I just assume they're tourists. Turns out the same vibe exists here at Big Easy but locals are doing it too. My NOLA friends brought me here and got me to understand one thing: intoxication has no boundaries.
So I went in, hard. Both the Hurricane and Sangria flavors were a bit on the sweet side for me, but the Appletini was tart and tolerable. The Peach Bellini was ok, but I went forth with the Margherita. I'm surprised the bartender even let me sample that much when the place was bustling with thirsty folks.
My drink came in a styrofoam container that reminded me something from a 7-11, but this much larger slurpie was full of booze. It would take me all night to finish it after many brain freezes and asking others to drink it for me. The constant sipping had my face recoiling from the cold and from the potency of the alcohol. It wouldn't take multiple cups to get sloshed, that's for sure.
I also went for their pizza. It was not my favorite. The sausage crumbles on my pepperoni slice kept falling off, the cheese was somewhat hard, and the crust was somewhat limp. I'm not even trying to sound like a pizza snob due to my NYC status, it was just not great pizza. Would I eat it when totally hammered from these daiquiris? Probably.
The guys working the counter were funny people. While I wasn't super jazzed about the food or their signature drinks, they did a good job in keeping the mood light and the atmosphere fun.Free bathroom on Mardi Gras.  Pizza is good. Daiquiri was perfect blend without getting you wasted for those who just want a little buzz. I'm not a drinker but I really enjoyed this drink.This is my favorite Daiquiri spot in the french quarter!
I have hit this particular spot quiet a few times when I was in the french quarter. Granted this isn't the cheapest place to go for Daiquiri but this place does have some good Daiquiris! They also sell pizza here as well, not many other daiquiri chains do that. The pizza isn't half bad by the way.
The service is okay, they are usually attentive,friendly, and quick. So no worries there.
Some note worthy things are the Red Bull bar table, Flat screen TV's, and video poker machines. Last but not least is the view of the hustle and bustle of the french quarter.
In short if you are looking for something to cool you down on a hot day in the French Quarter then look no further!The daiquiris taste great if you want one with no alcohol in it. I ordered an extra large daiquiri with an extra shot. It tasted like there was no shot put in. I even went back to the bartender and asked him if he put the shot in. He swore up and down he did. I asked him if he could put another one in and he said not without charging me for
It. I told him that I already spent $17 for a daiquiri with no alcohol and did not plan on spending anymore money. I asked to speak to manager who did absolutely nothing to make me satisfied. Stay away from this place unless you want a virgin drink. Get your daiquiris and mixed drinks from another place! You will be glad you did. I even asked for my money back and he refused. Buyer beware I think I was scammed.While there are lots of frozen drinks in Bourbon Street, this one always has a large daiquiri selection. The bartender was nice and not pretentious. They sell the drinks in regular styrofoam cups or the fancy ones.$10 for a regular
$13 for a XL
+$1 for an extra shot 
Favorite flavors: Peach Bellini and Jungle Juice.
Busy place, especially during festivals, but the employees do a great job of taking multiple orders to work through the masses. They're friendly too. 
I like this location because they have the AC on high but also leave the large doors open. Best of both worlds. Park yourself on a stool at the bar to enjoy your brain-freezing beverage or take it and keep wandering the Quarter. They have pizza too, but with so many other great food choices in the vicinity... why? I'd only suggest a slice if you are drunk and need a quick snack to hold you over until dinner somewhere better.