Decadent & flavorful Mid City breakfast spot for an affordable price. Grab a drink from Banks Street bar next door (best bloody's in the city) while you wait. And I like to put a whole spoonful of the jarred table honey in my coffee, mmm!Positives: outdoor seating, I like that you go through the kitchen to your table, fast food, chef comes around to see how everything is, AMAZING food!
Negatives: stood out in the rain for a half hour for our table, the hostess rolled his eyes when we said we had 10 people, no alcoholI'm sorry...I always like to give places 3 chances and this place just can't get it right for me. Service is great, but the food doesn't cut it. Each time I have dined, the food comes out way too fast, usually this a good thing, but when it's not hot and everything falls apart, there's a problem. Also, eggs always taste funny here...and bacon here is  not appetizing.  I loooove bacon, but not here.Best little brunch place in NOLA! The food is excellent and the service is just as great! The biscuits are amazing and the House-made pecan butter is to die for! Highly recommend this place!I love this place!  I had gotten Abita Glazed Pot Roast and Debris Jus over House Biscuit, it was AMAZING!!!  The post roast was tender and flavorful!  The Biscuits held up nice with the pot roast juices.  The House Potatoes were awesome too.  I'll definitely be back!This place is seriously amazing- a must try! It's an adorable little colorful space with some great art, and the dining area is in the back away from the kitchen up front. We were graciously greeted right away and taken back to our table. The service is fantastic, and so is the food. We got the little biscuits as an appetizer, which came with a gravy, pecan butter and jam. They also have local raw honey, which is so good. You can find it at Whole Foods if you're lucky :) We then ordered the brie waffle with blueberries and the special, which was the baked apple waffle. It was all brilliant, and we'll definitely be going back! Highly recommend this place.Using My Yelp app ... I found this place which I had been wanting to try! Was in between errands so I didn't have lots of time. I was recommended to try the breakfast potatoes and boudin balls. Boudin balls were great! I didn't care for the potatoes... were just plain with a cheese sauce. I love bacon so when the waitress told me it comes with bacon bits I was sold! Sadly, mine arrived without the bacon! My waitress was super sweet... she got my bacon and was very attentive! I do plan on going back to try the chicken and waffles ... otherwise seemed like a nice spot!Go, just go, you will be glad you did!  Crab grilled cheese, Brie waffle...it's just good!! :)This was my first visit and I ordered the chicken and waffle.  The chicken was burned.    The waffle was good.  In general, I found the restaurant to be dirty.  They should close for a few days and revamp the interior.  The bathroom cleaner odor was overpowering.
I won't go back.Delicious food! I had the waffles with fried bananas and bacon and it was awesome and a huge portion. My husband and brother both got seafood based dishes and all were tasty and fresh. The biscuits are obviously very good, too.One of the BEST meals I've ever had! 
Only had to wait for about 10 minutes for a table for 6 and we were promptly seated at a cozy spot in the back of the restaurant.
Mini biscuits with yummy butter were complimentary for the table before our meal came (try the raw table honey on top for an out of this world experience).
I ordered the Brie waffles with blueberry compote and a side of breakfast potatoes - seriously amazing! I could not stop eating. 
Definitely recommend for any local or visiting traveler!The food here is excellent.Service was great .The Chicken and Waffles are too die for!I was so excited to try this place because the pictures looked so good!  As you walk in, your go through the kitchen which is weird.  No one really greets you, you just stand there awkwardly for a minute or so.  We were seated in the back of the restaurant and for whatever reason it smelled weird.  Kind of like a heavy cleaning odor on top of something funky.  Anyways, I ordered the chicken and waffles and my husband ordered the banana and prosciutto french toast.  The food wan't bad at all.  In fact, it was pretty good.  Can't go wrong with chicken and waffles.  My husbands came out as a sandwich, which was kind of weird but he seemed to enjoy it.  Before our food came out they gave us some mini biscuits with almond butter.  The wait staff seemed to be moving kind of slow, and didn't have a lot of pep in their step.  Also a few of them were sitting around in the back not doing anything.  Maybe they were management? lol.#NOLA Not impressed w/brunch at Biscuits &amp; Buns on Banks St., esp the $7 glass of orange juice. Will not return. Expected moreI'm a huge breakfast & brunch person. This was the worst food I have ever eaten. Bland crab cake, eggs & potatoes, flavorless waffle, the biscuit tasted like eating straight flour. There was a hair in the salad. They also allowed patrons from the bar across the street to come sit at the table outside next to use while they were smoking cigarettes and playing their own music from a portable speaker. Horrible experience. Don't waste your money.My favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans! The food exceed expectations and the atmosphere was relaxing. The staff was extremely friendly in a non intrusive way. The wall murals were very interesting and beautifully done.To start everyone here wss extremely friendly and sweet. 
The biscuits were to die for. The roast succulent. Thr crab and corn chowder make sure to order double cuz it is so delicious.
If you are in midtown nola this is a must stop.Food was great, but a really small place.  Portions are big enough to fill you up.   They do not have a kids menu so their portions will be too much for them.  Wait staff is friendly and courteous.  I had the French toast with caramelized bananas and bacon, absolutely delicious would highly recommend dish.I arrived here starving and now I'm about to burst with great satisfaction!  The people are a wonderful and hospitable...thank you Patty!   I had the grilled brie waffles with blueberry...so good.  If in NOLA go away from the tourist spots...take the street car to North Hennessy and walk two blocks south to Banks Street for this cozy gem.Now here this!!!! If you want good food, great service and fresh food...this is the spot!!! Food so fresh there's no microwave on the premises!! They even accommodate the picky eatesr like myself! (I had to order a small two-egg omelette to accompany my waffle and fresh fruit! No problem for this team! Well done sir... Very well done! 
Oh and did I mention the maple-pecan butter than would make a leather boot taste good? Get in here now people! You will not be disappointed!Very cute local joint, and food was VERY good. Great place to take friends and familyworst service i've ever had in my life. do not come here! do not spend your money here! do not waste your time here! it took 1 hour for them to bring the food out. half our group didn't get served. we ordered bottomless coffee and never received it. just horrible!I asked what was in the Smoothie. The waitress said"banana and or strawberry, apple juice and orange juice " I asked for orange juice. Spinach, strawberry and banana. They came back with a Smoothie with yogurt in it. ???? When I said I couldn't eat yogurt the woman's response was "I always put yogurt it my smoothies.'" No sorry from her, only repeating that she always puts yogurt in her smoothies. 
I was with a party of 4. We waited 50 minutes after ordering our food.
The wait isn't worth it. There's another breakfast restaurant across the streetGreat new brunch spot in mid city!  As the name would suggest, the biscuits here are delish. The menu has a great variety of brunch items and all our food was great. The service was friendly and attentive. Extra plus, it's  byob!This is a really good brunch place. The manager brought us out some free shrimp & grits due to the long wait. It was delicious! Everything we ordered was very good & flavorful.Everything here was delicious. Katie was a great server. She was so kind and made great recommendations. I had the the blueberry waffles with brie, and a side of bacon. It was amazing. I will be back.Well.....I will start by saying the food was pretty good.....IF it ever comes to you. We waited an hour for DRINKS. After the food finally arrived, you would think the orders would be correct.....NOT!!!! The orders that did come were not correct at all.....and the others.....well.....their food3  never came. Coffee was never served. I feel bad for the poor waitress that was running around by herself. So if you have 2 or 3 hrs to waste.....by all means....stop by......I was sorry to see that the tea place didn't make it, but this spot also has a good tea selection PLUS y'know biscuits.
I had the delicious waffles with brie & blueberries and they were yummy. But seriously the standout was the side of fruit salad. It was really the best fruit salad I've ever had at restaurant; it had apples and berries and all sorts of fresh items.
I can't wait to get back over there.A cut hole in the wall breakfast joint.  We went around 10 and half the menu was sold out.  Our waitress had a huge attitude problem and earned herself a bad tip to go with it.  The prices are exorbitant for cold gravy and eggs.  Not someplace I recxomend.Stopped here last Sunday for breakfast and was really pleased with everything.  The owners were both very friendly and accommodating and try to make you feel at home.  They don't have a liquor license, so he suggested we grab a drink at the Banks Street Bar next door while we waited--so we got some mimosas and sat on the patio while waiting for our table.  It seems customary that they even take your name and number if you leave so they can call you to notify you your table is ready.  We got seated and ordered the watermelon "sandwich" and two biscuit entrees.  Everything was really good, hot, and home cooked.  iBiscuits remind me of the kind my dad made when I was a kid.  I wouldn't say this is the place to go if you're looking to find lots of options while trying to eat healthy, but it is New Orleans brunch, there's carbs in the name, and we knew what we were getting into.  The servers were friendly, the restaurant's atmosphere was cute and creative, and they even sat us and a few other tables when we arrived close to closing time (and certainly didn't make us feel rushed, either).  We will definitely go again!This is a double review. First time 5stars today 2 stars. First experience last week was FANTASTIC! Our server Donovan was the best!! He gave us the best service we have had in a really long time. Food was good although took a long time to come out but hey it was busy. Went back today but sadly our favorite server wasn't working and today the service was not good. Make sure to ask for Donovan if you go by and try the chicken and waffles.I really wanted to like this cute quirky spot.  Seems like a perfect easy going brunch place. Unfortunately I just haven't been that impressed. The guy in the front cooking is always so friendly and excited. The servers I've had are kind of the opposite, quiet and not too well informed. 
On our first visit, my friend asked if the maple syrup advertised  was real maple syrup (being from Vermont, this was important to her). We were old it was, but were brought out log cabin brand in the plastic bottle. Odd, I don't mind it, but it's definitely not maple syrup. 
The food on both my visits was ok but nothing special. With so many great or not great but cheap brunch and breakfast options, not sure why I would choose one that's just ok, and kind of pricey (I mean, you can get a good $5 breakfast at Betsy's).  I'd rather just cook at home.Waiting to get a table while drinking a bloody Mary from Banks St Bar was great. Their menu, albeit small, has some interesting dishes. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious and I can't wait to go back to try some new items. The atmosphere was very laid back and had a homely feeling.My daughter and I went here in March. Too busy on that vacation to post a review. The biscuits were AMAZING!!! Everything we are was cooked with TLC. The staff were very friendly. I wish I could have tried more! Can't wait to go back if I am ever in town again.Yeah they don't deliver anymore. Now you have to go through a 3rd party service called waitr.I do say, for a southern place with the name Biscuits as part of the namesake you'd think they'd be better than the average bear well you're WRONG. 
These biscuits were rocks bruh. Rocks I tell you. 
I even think I said it a bit too loud albeit arrogantly enough that one of the waiters brought over a complimentary side of mini-biscuits from the chef.
Idk, everything else was pretty fabulous but come on dude. Rock biscuits ain't my thang.Absolutely amazing food, smaller place great service quality is top notch and very tasty. 
Searched on yelp happened to be on the ad's section and I love biscuits. Looked in to the place what a great find. Hopped in an uber from canal st. Took 5 mins to get here. I was disappointed with my first meal when we arrived here in New Orleans but this makes up for it 100 times. If you like breakfast/ brunch you HAVE TO TRY IT OUT!!! I ordered the abita glazed pulled pork with eggs, Ham, and cheese. My girlfriend ordered the chicken waffles.First time in NOLA in over 30 years and was looking for a breakfast place.  Found this place and am glad I did.  All 5 of us ate different things.  Everyone was pleased with their dishes including French toast, chicken and waffles, etc.  The only item anyone did not care for were the breakfast potatoes which didn't have any seasoning.  Would come again and would recommend it to others.My husband and I set out for breakfast at Ruby Slipper on Tuesday morning, but there were folks waiting outside and the parking lot was full, so we thought the wait my be a little longer than we were prepared for on a work day.
A few blocks away we parked right in front of Biscuits & Buns on Banks. Although we usually like to see a few more customers besides ourselves  enjoying a place, the friendly staff made the place cheery and welcoming.
The waiter wasted no time bringing out biscuits with their signature butter and Steen's syrup, followed by 2 perfect cups of coffee. All of a sudden it didn't feel like Tuesday anymore. I felt like we were on vacation in a bright Mid City shotgun double with a cute corner barber shop next door. 
I ordered the seafood étouffée (a mixture of crawfish and shrimp) over grits. It was great! My husband had an omelette, and we both ate much more than we should have. Gary, the owner, introduced himself to us. Really nice guy. It's obvious that his niceness rubs off on his staff and the whole atmosphere. The lighthearted New Orleans murals and open kitchen make you feel right at home. This was our second time at Biscuits & Buns and we really enjoyed it. Check it out while it still feels "undiscovered".I've dined here twice now, and for some reason each time has been a holiday, which can be the only reason as to why I'm not more impressed with this place. For starters, there is always a wait, which generally means good things however I feel as though it's because the kitchen is slow, which inevitably slows down the servers from turning their sections quicker. 
Takeaways from dining experience #1; New Year's Day. Layout of restaurant is not conducive to serving hot food hot. The kitchen is in the front of the restaurant and diners must walk through/past it to be seated. This bottlenecks servers trying to get orders to table in a timely fashion. Menus covered in sticky syrup. Coffee flowed easily with plenty of refills but the food was slow. When it was served their was misconception of at least one of the dishes my friend ordered which was described as a "Pot Roast". She was served instead, "debris" which was lacking the whole potatoes and carrots she would have received had the item been a TRUE pot roast.
Takeaways from dining experience #2; Father's Day. Seated outside after another long wait. Server was busting her butt despite the heat so BIG kudos to her. First round of appetizers served featured a grilled watermelon dish which sounded good on paper but was very soggy, runny and wet when served, which you should assume because it's watermelon, right? The sweet fruit invited all the flies to the table which caused us to swat, shoo and flick the air for the next hour. That has to be the most unpleasant thing about dining outside. I would hope they decide to put more "fly catchers" near their outdoor tables because that was BAD. Sticky menus again.
Overall, a mediocre experience.I've had food from here once before and it was excellent, which is why I decided to have breakfast delivered to me again, however, this time everything we ordered was inedible. Nothing tasted good. The Brie on the sandwich tasted cheap and sour, the bacon was aggressively overcooked, the sausage had a weird texture, similar to wet cardboard or fake vegan "meat." I'm not really sure what happened. I wanted to like this place so much since I just moved to Mid City, but it seems that consistency is an issue here and I'd rather not spend my money when I don't know if my meal is going to be enjoyable or not.the mini biscuits, and the food and service is top notch!Very poor service and very run of the mill breakfast food. There's really nothing special about this place. We only tried it out since it was within walking distance.This place was beyond amazing , from their friendly staff and their amazing selection of breakfast ! Their biscuits and gritsssss are to die for !   
Would definitely return to this nice spot in New Orleans ! Give it a try 
You won't regret itDuring our visit to biscuit and buns we had the pleasure of having Kasey as our server.  Her professionalism and polite attitude made the experience even more delightful.  We ordered the chicken tender and biscuit with gravy and the chicken and waffles.  The service was prompt and the food was delicious.  During the course of our Kasey assured that our drinks stayed refilled and that the meal was complimentary to our liking.  The overall experience was a delight and I would not only recommend the restaurant, but would be a returning guest.  One last thing order this chicken and wafflesWe are creatures of habit- when we find a place we love, we keep coming back.... Biscuits & Buns on Banks has won our hearts on this trip!The chicken and waffles was aight, the waffle was dank but the chicken was almost like a chicken tender. The pot roast was super dank. Atmosphere is really nice and service was greatThis place is great! Pretty small, and very clean!! The owners are so sweet. I ordered the French toast with pancetta and fried bananas. We also had a waffle and a side of bacon. The bacon has great flavor. The service was just a little slow. I will be back!I absolutely loved this place. There was a long wait to get a table, but the wait was totally worth it. I ordered a  crawfish seafood etouffe on biscuits. I never had an etouffe before neither did I taste crawfish before this. So was a bit skeptical about my choice. But after tasting the dish, I totally adored it. The etouffee is full of flavours and has a remarkable taste. My husband has a sweet tooth so he preferred the French toast with caramelised banana, it tasted yummy and melted in the mouth.. all in all it was a wonderful visitThe wait was a little long but well worth it! The food was amazing! Even the plain waffle was great. I got the warm crabmeat sandwich with mozzarella and carmelized onions and a cup of the tomato basil soup.....Divine!! The staff was super friendly and the food came out very quick. We'll definitely be going backYummmm. I had the brie and waffles and the andouille sausage hash. Amazing! I will definitely be back. Awesome food and sweet staff!We were looking for a breakfast spot to take the place of La Peniche which closed last month & I think we found it! The decor is really cute with New Orleans scenes painted on the walls. After we ordered, our waitress brought us a lagniappe of biscuit "knots" with a little tub of honey, pecan butter & this breakfast was off to a great start! I had the chorizo/andouille gravy for my biscuit that was so delicious I wanted to lick the bowl. The breakfast potatoes were seasoned well & very tasty. I saved half of my biscuit to use up the rest of that pecan butter & a drizzle of the local honey that is on every table. The lunch menu looks fantastic & the only reason I gave them 4 stars is that they don't serve lunch, only brunch on the weekend.It's not possible to describe the truly deliciousness of Biscuits and Buns on Banks breakfast. We read about the restaurant in an article about where food critics in NOLA were eating - and boy was that article on point! The restaurant is a bit out of the way - so tourists without a car will probably have to miss out on this amazing spot. That being said, wow was this good! We had the chicken and biscuit with gravy - their biscuits were fluffy and delicious - and the chicken was marinated in Krystal and had enough bite to make you want more and more! My fiancé had the crawfish étouffée on a biscuit and he basically licked the plate clean. The étouffée was loaded with crawfish - they don't skimp out on any ingredients. We also had the andouille fritter too - it was just as everything else was... Delightful. 
Kudos to this breakfast spot for doing it right!The food was ok, nothing spectactular. Kind of bland and with so many breakfast places to choose from you need to stand out. 
That said, the service was all around great! The servers, busers, and entire staff were friendly, knowledgeable and organized. They made this a really good experience.Cute place and atmosphere. Overall pretty good biscuits but not blown away by the food. However the variety is excellent and so is the pricing. If I lived here I would probably frequent about once a month.I have never made a yelp review before. In NOLA visiting and decided to try biscuits and buns. I wish I could tell you how the food tastes but after waiting over an hour and watching all the tables around me come and go I didn't eat. I waited patiently because I am in a large group of 12 and I know serving a big group takes time. Literally AFTER I complained they asked me AGAIN what would I like to drink and offered to bring me  the coffee that I ordered when I sat down. Half my party was served and the  other half was not. Half the orders were incomplete or wrong. Did I mention it took 35 minutes to bring water and a soft drink. This was a HORRIBLE experience and I would not suggest this location to anyone EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!How lucky to have this awesome place so close. The menu is so varied, and tempting it's hard to know where to start. The service is so very warm and welcoming.  The only thing I can recommend is just to get maybe three dishes for two people and try as much as you can, because it's just that hard to decide.  Everything is delish, and made with love, even passion. This is a place to indulge in.I'm tired of this place missing the mark. The food is below average and yet, they still some how mess up. I've been there more than 5 times just because I wanted to get be it a chance. This place is the Definition of over rated. Save your money and DO NOT go there.Awesome food and really friendly staff. Have had both the Brie sandwich and the biscuits ad gravy; they are excellent dishes. 
When you come in the front door you're really walking into the kitchen; the owner is standing there playing dishes and the cook is on the other side of the counter working up a storm. 
Sadly waits are long and seating scarce; coming here is a pretty significant time commitment. Just getting takeout is a half hour minimum; getting a table is much longer. Hopefully this improves as they complete their shakedown and the weather warms up to allow outside seating.My husband and I call this place the Triple B. We went here last year on father's day (our anniversary) 6/21/2015. Upon arrival, we were told there was a 15 minute wait. We signed our names on the clipboard provided and sat on the bench outside. There is no waiting area inside. The place is a house converted into a restaurant and parking is located on the street, when available. Triple B offers flavored water while you wait. Our water had watermelon, oranges, and rosemary in it and it was refreshing. We were given two complimentary bite-size biscuits with pecan butter to start and it was good.  For an appetizer, my husband and I ordered the Jamaican wraps and they were delicious. My husband ordered the fried Andouille sausage hash cakes, which was very dense and I ordered the grilled brie waffle with blueberry compote. The tables are small and close together (at least what we observed in the small room where we sat). If you are claustrophobic, this might not be the restaurant for you. I liked the small town feel inside the restaurant and I liked that our food did not take that long to come out. However, I was slightly disappointed in my choice. I felt that the waffle and brie and blueberry concoction did not come together as smoothly as I would have liked. This is unfortunate because their menu is so different from others in the neighborhood, and they are open on Mondays when many places are closed. Our food was not bad by any means, but it wasn't fantastic either. My husband and I will come back because of their ever-changing menu.
Service 4*
Price 5*
Food 4*
Location 4*Great little joint for brunch. Affordable. Great menu with a variety of well made breakfast and lunch plates . Spacey compared to other New Orleans brunch joints. Amazing staff. Very cool young atmosphere. I definitely plan on returning.Had the Waffles with Blueberry compote and grilled Brie cheese in between. The crisp from the the waffle, the bitterness/sweetness from the blueberry compote and the creamy finish of the Brie did wonders for my mouth. My palette thanks you biscuit &bunsThis place never disappoints. We have gone here for Mother's Day the past 3 years. The food is amazing and the service is great. Expect a wait but it's well worth it.Great meal!! Had the chicken and biscuit with the andouille sauce with side of grits. Delicious!!This place serves up delicious Southern classics! I  had the chicken and waffles while my husband enjoyed the pot roast over biscuits. The chicken was done just right, the waffles fluffy and the pot roast was tender & tasty. The service was great! Our waitress was super nice and went above and beyond for us when we mentioned that we were in town to celebrate our 1 yr anniversary. She brought us out, along with her warm wishes, a box of fried Oreos and Nutter Butters. So nice. Five stars all the way.Checked this place out for a quick breakfast and wow was I impressed. I love the decor with all the local imagery and paintings. The actual meal was a delight as well. The thing that puts this place over the top is the customer service. Everyone is very attentive and kind from the cooks to the wait staff. If you don't give this place a shot you are truly missing out on quite a gem!No complaints here!  Great food, friendly waitresses, cool Mona Lisa with dreadlocks painting. Only drawback was the wait, but there's free coffee for while you're standing there.I like many use various apps to see which places to hit up. It was the best breakfast, I had in New Orleans! The interior was amazing and you definitely have a jazz/home like atmosphere; it was simplistic, yet tasteful. They have quite the selection on the menu and I'm more than sure that whatever you choose will be the right choice. You can't go wrong with strong coffee and great service! 
As soon as I thought that things could not have been better, the owner/manager came up to us to ask how everything was and wishing us a wonderful stay in New Orleans. You don't see that kind of service anymore; I was genuinely pleased from the beginning to the end. I know that I'll be back to Biscuits&Buns, next time I'm in New Orleans!The best place to have a breakfast aside from home. Good ambiance in or out of the restaurant. Plus their food is really amazingly delicious plus they have a nice way of platting their food. We'll definitely come back again with a lot of friends coz we just brought our room mate now and absolutely gonna recommend this place to othersReally quirky restaurant with a whole lot of delicious food.  You walk in to essentially the kitchen area, down a narrow hallway into the dining area the size of my college living room. Wait staff is super friendly. No wait at 1130 am on Wednesday. We got the blueberry brie waffle and added fried chicken. It was so big we had to take half home!We went here for brunch a few weeks ago - absolutely delicious food! It gets pretty crowded (we waited about 45 minutes on a Sunday at noon) because there isn't a ton of seating. But they're efficient at keeping a list and they provide free coffee while you wait! The inside of the restaurant is set up strangely (like many New Orleans places), so you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the dining room. But once inside, the magic happens. Definitely try the mini biscuits with gravy - this isn't your normal white gravy, but a delicious concoction of andouille, chorizo, and spicy deliciousness. Good prices, service, and atmosphere!Went to NOLA for the weekend with friends in April. Forgot to write a review. This little place was amazing. We got there just in time for brunch before the crowd got there. Service was friendly. Food was delicious. I would recommend this place whether you live in NOLA or you're just visiting. Try the cheddar bacon potatoes.This place was phenomenal. We sat outside on a beautiful day under dappled light. I had an amazing crab omelet and my fiancé had a waffle wich filled with ham, egg and cheese. We both LOVED our food and the service was impeccable!!I got a to go order from here earlier today, and it was obvious from the first phone call this place didn't have its act together. I asked if they do delivery, and the guy said use the grub hub app. Before I could even ask if they charge a fee for that, he hung up on me. I called back and placed a to go order for chicken and waffles with a the grits as the side and an extra hash cake for my roommate. I live in mid city and left almost immediately to go pick it up. Paid for my food, even tipped on the to go order, and came home. It was obvious the chicken and waffles, mostly the waffle, had not been cooked recently. The side of grits was missing so I called to ask if they could take it of the bill or send it out or something, and the phone was answered and then hung up on me. I tried calling back several times to no one answering. I managed a restaurant on the Northshore for two years, and I would've never just hung up on a customer. This was piss poor service. They got their money and couldn't be bothered after that. I'll be contacting my credit card company to see if I can cancel payment.Amazing! Great food! Great service! Went here with my husband and grandmother who LOVES biscuits. We started breakfast with an order of the mini biscuits which came with a homemade butter churned with cane syrup and pecans.... So delicious! I had the waffles with grilled Brie and blueberry compote. The waffle was crispy on the outside fluffy on the inside. Perfect! The blueberry compote wasn't overly sweet, the blueberry flavor was rich and complimented the Brie perfectly. 
The menu had so many choices I can't wait to return to try something new. Everyone was so friendly and attentive it was just an excellent overall experience!This place is one of the best brunch spots in New Orleans. It's located right off the corner of Banks Street in a quaint, up and coming neighborhood. The restaurant itself is quite small. There's about six tables inside  with 4 tables of outside seating.  There can be a pretty long wait time but it's definitely worth it! They also have the option where you call in ahead to make a reservation and estimated wait time. 
The food was incredible! I had the fried andouille sausage hash cake with creole cheese sauce and my friend had the grilled cheese with warm crab meat sandwich. The sausage hash cake was light and flavorful and paired nicely with the creole cheese sauce. The crab meat grilled cheese tasted amazing! It was a combination of different cheeses with a huge heaping of fresh crab meat and caramelized onions stuffed and pressed between two slices of ciabatta buns. For dessert, we had their special deep fried oreos :)OMG the french toast! we were so full - but SO happy with brunch here! we got a waffle deal and some incredible french toast dish and both were phenomenal... this is located in a suburban neighborhood and doesn't have a TON of seating - it's in a small house, but very cool atmosphere and delicious food!Amazing, great food and service! We had the andouille sausage hash with fried egg and cheese sauce. Little slice of heaven right there!! And everything tasted FRESH, we will definitely be back.I can't say enough good things about this place. The food was delicious.  I usually don't care for biscuits but these were irresistible.  The service was on point . The breakfast potatoes and eggs were cooked to perfection.  I'm on in nola for a week but I'll make it a point to go back before I leave.Great little place to grab some breakfast. Super chill old house bomb ass food.