Breakfast ends at 11. Burger and soup & salad (total 3 dishes for 2 of us) at 11:45 am took 30 min with no check-in nor status update. Service was just ok but attitude of wait staff almost ruined it. Food was excellent. Would not go again due to the attitudes. There were only 2-3 other parties there at the time. 3 stars bc food was good. 2 or 1 for service. At an upscale hotel like this one we expected much better!Ate here twice, because it's connected to our hotel and we had complimentary breakfast vouchers. The service is horrendous. The food was basic, but for being free we didn't mind it. But the service is inexcusable bad. I don't know how you have two busyboys and one waiter at a hotel restaurant during convention season. Don't waste your time. Go to Cafe du Mond, Ruby Slippers or District Donuts instead.I had just arrived in New Orleans and was looking for some good lunch fare. My husband, cousin, and I were delighted to read the reviews on Bistreaux and decided to give it a try. Let me start off by saying that there was quite a mix-up. When we walked in the waiter only gave us 2 menus, but I offered to "share" with my cousin. I guess I should have let him bring me another menu because he thought I was sharing a meal with my cousin. He took our order and didn't even look at me, but I shouted what I wanted as he walked away and he repeated it to me. I had been up since 4 am and was absolutely starving so you can imagine my disappointment when the waiter came out and my meal was not there. Of course he apologized for the mix-up, but to be honest his service was not he best regardless. Luckily, the food was delicious! 
I had the cochon de lait and it was absolutely fantastic. I think it was missing the pickles, but it was still totally scrumptious. The french fries on the side were a perfect compliment. Since my meal took a few minutes to come out I was able to try my cousin's truffle mac and cheese and it was delicious. I loved the presentation in a mini pot. I was also able to grab a bite of my husband's grilled cheese sandwich. The bread was huge, but melted in my mouth. I am not the biggest fan of grilled cheese, but this was done very well. It was accompanied by roasted tomato soup which would have been perfect, but I didn't really care for the giant dollop of creme fraiche. 
Overall, the food was exactly what I wanted at that moment. We did have a few service hiccups and our waiter seemed very disinterested, but I would go back any day of the week for the cochon de lait. They certainly know how to make fantastic fare.Great mellow lunch spot just out of the tourist traps.  We had a great simple lunch (truffle mac cheese, salad w/fresh strawberries) with excellent service by Joe!!It's not the same as when I was here last year. Service is horrible and the place is nowhere near clean. There was a mouse! There are plenty of places to eat in New Orleans... I suggest you chose almost anywhere but here. So disappointed.I've been here twice. Once was last august for lunch while they were offering the Coolinary menus. Today I walked in for some late lunch/happy hour snacking. Both visits, the food was absolutely great. Both times, the service was weirdly bad...
In my experiences, the severs aren't rude by any means... they just are really bad at their jobs. They don't offer anything; if you want something (like, you know, a menu), you have to ask for it. Which is fine, but unusual in the French quarter, where so many restaurants have sterling standards of service.
As I said though, ive loved everything I've ever eaten here, and definitely will be coming back for happy hour-- full bottles of wine are half off between 2 and 6 on weekdays! That's probably the best happy hour I've ever heard of in the quarter. Their small happy hour plates are also all really good, and I also want to come back to try more of their regular menu.Probably the worst service of any restaurant in America. Took about 20 minutes to even get a menu, despite the restaurant being 80% empty. Food arrived under cooked. Waiter was visibly put out to provide any service whatsoever. Recommendation: AvoidThis place has a great location the bank is awesome but the service is miserable. Our waitress didn't even bother to come back and ask if we wanted anything they just gave us our drink ignored us for the rest of our stay.
Can't really rate food since they never came by to offer even after being calling for them just looked away!Service was excellent and the food fantastic.  I am Gluten free and found eating out in Nola to be a little difficult.  This place had a menu that offered lots of options and the Crab Cakes were Gluten Free and yummy to boot.;our server was a bus boy and the food was just plain silly to look at. for example, the steak and frites was served as a plate overflowing from edge to edge with fries and topped with a tiny 4oz, 1/4 inch thick, "NY strip". also, our server never took our drink orders so we had to get them ourselves from the bar.Terrible experience, when I asked the waitress to make a fresh pot of coffee for our party of 8 she laughed in a sarcastic manner as if I had asked for the impossible sacred realm. We waited almost an hour for the breakfast to come out and things were forgotten repeatedly throughout the meal, def a bad first impression in New Orleans. Don't waste your time here much better options out there. This place is over priced for mediocre hyped McDonald's look alike and taste a like breakfast and experience.I had one of the best experiences at this restaurant!  It was my boyfriends 30th birthday and we came all the way from Los Angeles to celebrate.  I had made reservations at a steak house close by but plans didn't go as plans.  Since we stayed at Maison Dupuy hotel we decided to eat at the hotel. NY hanger steak with truffle fries was so good!! Service was what topped it off! KELLY (manager) and Charles (sous chef) made it a special evening.  They really made us feel at home and made my boyfriends birthday extra special!! Thank you so much for that "southern hospitality ", until next time!First of all, the food was really good.  However, the wait staff was clearly new at the game and it was sort of a disaster: they couldn't seem to bring us wine glasses, they lost our order, we had to ask 4 times to get some bread, etc.  It was explained to us that the entirety of the wait staff was new, but it seemed a bit odd to have the entire new wait staff work on the same night.  They guys were trying really hard but a busy-ish night and no one leading the troops lead to a less than stellar dining experience.  Hopefully, they will get the service figured out because the food, ambiance, and location were great.Terribly disappointed with the food. To start, I asked the waiter if everything was Fresh because I was ordering the oyster po-boy and my company was ordering the BBQ shrimp to which he quickly responded, "yes." In addition, I subbed my chips with truffle fries. 
Ordinarily food would come out in a timely fashion and everything would go swimmingly but quite the contrary. The shrimp came out and the heads were filled with black. I thought they looked awful and my company tasted them. All he could say was, "they taste like ammonia." I told him to stop eating them after a few bites. I decided [stupidly] to taste the broth and as I'd thought, the shrimp had gone way past its edible state.
I then sampled my oyster po-boy. I guess it could be my fault for ordering a po-boy at a medium-end restaurant but, I would hope that restaurants served food that was edible. The po-boy was oversalted, there was no oyster just overcooked bits of corn flour.
In addition to the disgusting po-boy, the fries were oversalted and the consistency was hard and chewy. Hard and chewy is akin to Starburst so... moving on...
In all, the service was slow 10 minutes for ketchup and the food was horrendous. Literally the worst food I have rated on Yelp thus far.
Our waiter tried to make things better by offering us something to substitute with our dishes. I believe if we were to have done so, one of us would have died from food poisoning.
0/5 DO NOT GO HERE!To add to the chorus: the menu states happy hour from 3-6 but nowhere does it say HH is only M-F. So, I had to argue with the poor server, who called over the manager, who comped my drink but seemed dismissive when I suggested that they should update their menu to reflect HH days?  I appreciate the comped drink, but really, I just wanted to pay the price as stated on the menu.Ehhhh. Service was great, but the food was mediocre. Didn't expect much especially since it was a hotel restaurant in the French Quarter. 
The scallops and gulf shrimp dish had good flavor, but the portion was tiny. My husband got the smoked salmon flat bread which was disappointing. It was a lox cream cheese spread with some capers and arugula on top. Nothing to write home about.Terrible service.  Did not make eye contact to see if we needed anything.  Took forever to get our food and more water.  Red beans and rice nothing special, no special seasoning and 4 thin pieces of very dry sausage.  Mac and Cheese appetizer the best thing we had but it was super small.  No thank you or greeting coming in or out.  Disappointing!Stayed at the hotel and out of pure convenience eaten here numerous times.  The gumbo is our favorite compared to other places we've eaten at but while I do like some of the servers the service is god awful. If we sat at the bar it was much better but if we sat at the tables it took forever to get our drinks and our food and when they did come something was always wrong. Not worth the hour of waiting or the mediocre foodI don't typically dine in hotel restaurants, but we were in New Orleans on Christmas Day and staying in the Maison Du Puy. The food was horrid and overpriced. The service was dreadful. Per request , the server refilled one coffee without asking the rest of the table whether they too would like more coffee. The server never came back to check on us during our breakfast .
We had to refill our own coffees and water . This is unacceptable .Came for dinner. Squash pasta was swimming in butter, brie gnocchi was served in a tiny bowl- 5 pieces along with crab shell bits. We had two enjoyable salads. No drinks. $45 was a bit steep. We left in search more food elsewhere.Friendly staff when making a reservation. Food was decent until the pork for the main course was very undercooked. We were not sure the staff understood that undercooked pork is not a preference, it's a demand for food safety. Also, besides redoing the dish, there was not an offer of anything from management as I watched my friends eat, and then they watched me.  Not the Reveillon dinner we were expecting for Christmas for that price.I am gluten and soy free. We ate here and the server seemed knowledgeable about gluten free options, however she only gave one meal option- fish of the day. I wasn't very hungry so I ended up getting an omelet which was very good.Whenever I'm in New Orleans I usually go to this place because I have never had a bad meal there the service is excellent and the atmosphere is very interesting. I do not eat shellfish so this is the only place I have found that I can get gumbo done with chicken that's very tasty and enjoyable.Slow service...very very slow service....food was ok...nothing special...but tasty.  There were 3 tables with patrons at noon, midweek.  One table with their food, enjoying their meal.  Another table near us, one person eating & the other person asking them to remove her meal from the bill, because she could not wait any longer for it to be made and us.  We were seated promptly but had to wait almost 10 minutes to get a menu. There were 6 people that looked like staff in the dining room but no one would make eye contact with us.  We ordered two turkey club sandwiches (but if you want a club sandwich you will get turkey bacon & tomato on a French roll- not a classic club triple decker sandwich)  hoping to get in & out quickly but it took almost 20 minutes for them to arrive.  No one refilled our water or soft drinks while we waited...no one stopped by to say our meal would be out soon.  When we did get our meal it was plopped on the table & the staff went back to socializing at the bar with one another....my husband actually had to go over to the bar to ask for our bill...the food was fine but I doubt I'd stop in again.We stayed at the Maison Dupuy last April and hadn't heard anything about the restaurant. We decided to try it after being there for a day or so. Absolutely delicious. My husband and I shared the truffle mac n cheese which was perfect for two. We were in heaven. Our waiter recommended we go with one and glad we did. He was very nice and gave us suggestions. We are going this May and can't wait to have the mac n cheese again.Probably the worst service of any restaurant in America. Took about 20 minutes to even get a menu, despite the restaurant being 80% empty. Food arrived under cooked. Waiter was visibly put out to provide any service whatsoever. Recommendation: AvoidExcellent food. I expected good but got fantastic. One of the best meals I've had in NOLA.2.5 stars. I had the truffle mac n cheese and something was just off about it, it was good but not great and $8 is a LOT for that. I had the steak and fries as my entree and same thing, good but not great and overpriced for just being OK. I wouldn't go back because there are 1000's of other places to try in NO.Great place for a local to "play tourist" for a meal! The deviled eggs and gnocchi were truly decadent. I couldn't decide between the steak salad and the andouille fish but chose the fish- outstanding! Next time I'll have to try the salad. For dessert I opted for e coconut sorbet which was just scrumptious. My server was top notch- sweet, polite, and attentive but not overbearing. Relaxing ambiance. Can't wait to go back for more.So we're from out of town but first of all when you ask for an extra minute to look around the menu..that's it not 10 minutes! Anyways..the food was okay..maybe it'd be better if the menu was more specific. My girl got the beans and rice which was good and so was the gumbo app, though it could've had a hint of more flavor. I got a croque monsieur and it came with a mustard sauce that I hadn't seen on the menu. When I asked for an extra piece of toast it took at least 10 minutes and the rest of my food was cold..if the first piece had burned why not mention it? Why not check on how the entrees are doing? The drinks were awesome kudos to the bar tender. In all would not come backThis is just a review of the bar/bartendresses...
Super friendly service, decently priced drinks and a downright fabulous pineapple martini (which the bartender graciously wrote down the recipe for me). 
I will say that we had the truffle mac n cheese via room service and it was really pretty good- a nice, comforting late-night snack.We stayed at the Maison Dupuy in which the restaurant is located. After reading the menu which was very competitive with other NOLA fare, we decided to stay ultra local.The bistro style is evident. Toulouse Lautrec mírala adornos the walls, nice soft lighting and brown wood. Very clean and inviting, we were seated in a nice window overlooking rainy Burgundy St. It was perfect. The food did not disappoint tho the wife's cafe au lait had to be reheated to bring it up to par for her. The service was charming friendly and knowledgeable. The manager came by to check that we were pleased. The food was very tasty and the bill was standard NOLA pricing which doesn't shock anyone around here. Visitors:be aware that there is nearly 10% tax in everything. But don't let that defer your enjoyment. I recommend the Bistreaux highly!We made a reservation for 7 PM on Christmas Day, and we were really looking forward to it, but we got a call that our reservation was cancelled. Since the restaurant was only two blocks from us, we stopped by to see what the problem was and the manager told us that the chef didn't order enough food. What? Total mismanagement. 
So, even though the manager told us he would help find us somewhere else, and pay for the cab, it was no use. I me am, it's Christmas Day. 
We were left to stand in a long line in the cold to get a meal we really didn't want.
Maybe the food is good. We never found out.The food is pretty excellent. The service is extremely bad. Do not let there be more than 2 people in here when you come. You will literally wait forever for everything. And it was freezing inside. My truffle fries were cold before i really got through them, and I'm by no means a slow eater.
Dishes from the previous course hung around a lot longer than I appreciated or than they really should have. And when I moved them to edge of the table to make life easier for the server, he just continued to walk past them, even when he gave me the bill before i was ready (I wanted to order dessert).  I dunno.  
Took a very long time to get my dessert as well. Ice cream began to melt before it got to me. Guess it was fitting that I ate it with a soup spoon since I wasnt given a dessert spoon. 
I wish I could say it was a bad day, but it was the same the first time I was here too. I was hoping the second time would be the charm, but naaaaaaah. Step it up y'all!!!I enjoyed the ambiance of the place. The murals, in the style of Toulouse-Lautrec, give it a Parisian cafe vibe, and the staff is pleasant enough. The menu, however... Let's just say I dropped in for a quick breakfast and wasn't inspired to return for dinner. The entrees looked overpriced and I didn't see any good vegetarian options. 
I got two eggs scrambled and a bagel, and my friend got the "hash browns." The latter is in quotations due to the fact that they weren't like any hash browns I'd ever seen; they were more like the heavily spiced mini cubed "hash" potatoes one can buy in the frozen aisle of your local chain store. My eggs were good, but the bagel was pretty blah. It was skinny and plain, and I had to request butter... like, what else would I want to put on it? 
All in all, not terrible, but probably wouldn't eat there again.So, friendly enough but I have been sitting here for 55 min and have had a simple salad. Really slow considering that we are one of two tables for two. Don't come here if you have after dinner plans within 2 hours of your meal you will be sadly disappointed.Visited for Essence Festival 2017. I was a guest at the Maison Dupuy Hotel and this restaurant was located in my hotel. Best damn grits in New Orleans......hands down.Breakfast was descent. Coffee nice and strong.
Good service.
For dinner a perfect balance between formality and casual.
For breakfast the background music was way too loud.Great coffee and breakfast! The eggs Benedict with Tasso ham hash is delicious! Great fruit and berry plate. The service is excellent.We have now eaten here 2 times... the food is good and my husband loves one of the sandwiches they have but the lunch service was awful!! So bad that I ordered a coffee and after waiting 20 minutes I finally walked to the bar asked for a cup a got my own and when it needed refills I had to again get my own. My husband order soup and the waitress totally forgot it bringing it after the meal and said oh yeah, heres that soup you ordered..I forgot about it. BUT the dinner waitress Britney was AMAZING and is the only reason I am giving this place anything above 1 star was her outstanding service!!This restaurant was in our hotel (convenient), the food was good (we were starving), and our waitress (who we happened to have for both dinner and breakfast) was super nice!  There was live music when we ate dinner here too.Give this place a miss. Whilst the atmosphere is nice, the staff were disinterested and slow. My server spilt coffee everywhere and didn't bother bringing us menus. It took a full 40 min to get two breakfast sandwiches and the "waffle with blueberries" came out cold with what I can only describe as a blue-ish stain on a small portion.  Overall a very disappointing experienceWe've been here for a couple early dinners and once for breakfast, and we've always been impressed.  Fantastic creamy tomato bisque pairs wonderfully with their grilled cheese sandwich for a grown-up version of my childhood comfort food favorite.  They have a small breakfast menu, but we insteadwent with the buffet, which rather simple but with enough special touches that it was very nice.  One important note: The kitchen closes 1/2 hour before they close.The absolute worst meal my family and I had while visiting New Orleans. We had breakfast here and my eggs were under cooked and runny, while my mom's were overcooked. Plain and tasteless. Service was fine, but the food was beyond disappointing. 
If you're looking for a great breakfast in the French Quarter, try Eat.The service here was amazing! We stayed at the attached hotel and dropped in for some drinks and snacks before starting our day and were immediately impressed with the hospitality shown to us by the servers, and hostesses. Craig spent extra time making sure our daughter was taken care of bringing her fruit, the staff played with her and the chef brought us out freshly made candies walnuts that were amazing! It was a great experience! We saw a few people order meals and noticed that they looked as delicious as they were enormous. Drop in for a drink and enjoy!Drinks more expensive than other bars around but life piano music is awesomeWhat a joke. 
I am staying in the hotel, got to the restaurant about 11am. Was given a breakfast menu, chose an omelet. 
After 15 minutes of repeated "sir, the food is on the way" I was told there was a mix up because breakfast had ended at 11, so nothing was being prepared. 
I should have left then, but because the waiter was trying so hard I asked for a lunch menu. I selected a croque monsieur sandwich. 
After another 15 minutes the sandwich arrived, it was inedible. 
Unbelievable experience and, if anything I am underestimating the time gaps.We had excellent service, and the truffle mac and cheese was excellent. 
The gumbo was good, but was the least memorable of the 4 gumbos I had while in NO. 
The barbecue shrimp could have been good, but the shrimp were overcooked (no excuse for overcooked shrimp in NO), and once you've had the bbq shrimp at ralph and kacoos, nothing is going to compare. 
The major disappointment was the jambalaya, which tasted like someone poured a can of del monte diced tomatoes on some rice and nuked it for a couple minutes. If not for the good service and the mac and cheese, this would result in a 2 star rating.
If you stick to non-local style cuisines, you should do well here, but avoid anything in the local style, you can do much better elsewhere.This place was spectacular.
Food was excellent! I loved my pulled pork. Their drink menu was very extensive as well! Loved the piano, and our waitress was absolutely great. Really a great place for dinner and drinks.
Decor is beautiful as well.O so good Gumbo. I had to stop by this place during a recent trip to New Orleans. Our group had a buffet style dinner setup for us. 
Full Bar, they served us Gumbo, artichoke pizza and some mini eggs rolls. Can't say it was great but the gumbo was quite yummy. 
The service was not so great. They constantly ran out of plates and food and eventually they had food and no plates or bowls so we were kinda being teased. 
Don't was to use the restrooms! they only have one restroom and if you have to go really bad, sorry chum, you're just gonna have to hold it. 
Not a place i'd go out of my way for.My husband and I went their for an afternoon snack. I had gumbo and shimp tacos and I'm here to tell ya' those tacos were heavenly. They come 4 to a plate and they are very small but the flavors were spot on! My husband has a pork panini type sandwich and it was very good...sort of on the small side but we were happy with the portion size since we were not very hungry.While staying in the French Quarter on my first trip to New Orleans, I had dinner with friends at Bistreaux. We were there on a week day for an early dinner and the place was completely empty. I'm not sure if this is just the norm for this time of year (post Jazz Fest) or if it was just an odd day for the restaurant, but the food was excellent.
I ordered the Truffle Mac & Cheese, which was to die for, along with the Lamb Mojito. I'm noticing now that the online menu differs slightly from what I received in my meal, but still it was very tasty. A nice, quiet evening was just what we wanted. The staff were very nice and prompt, although considering we were the only table in the whole place, our food took a long time to get to our table.
Good find.Poor service. Stayed at the hotel and decided to hit up Bistreaux for happy hour. Waitress was rude, slow, inattentive, and frankly acted like we had $#!T on our fingertips. Would not go back. To top it off, we also got charged regular price (double) for everything we ordered, instead of the advertised happy hour prices.Great breakfast, I had the 3 egg omelette, the biscuits amazing, grits to die for! Plus very costume friendly for the parade goer on the go for Mardi Gras!Read some of the bad reviews, I was nervous about trying this place.  We were taking a tour that has meeting at voodoo lounge and this was the closest place.  I am so glad we stopped here!  Bloody Mary with bacon was phenomenal!!! My girlfriends cucumber vodka drink was really good too! Marco was our server. He was courteous friendly efficient. Food was good and didn't take long at all!Absolutely awful food. Overpriced and skimpy portions. I ordered Gumbo which tasted like water with beans and rice, no seasoning, also no bread or crackers.  My husband had a platter of so called smoked meats with dried up french bread, tasteless meats .  Service was good but couldn't make up for possibly the worst meal I have ever eaten out.This was for a girl's trip in May. My 87 yr old mother didn't feel like venturing out on our first night in town. Although we made reservations elsewhere, the Bistreaux at the Maison Dupuy was happy to set up for the 12 of us. Abishek was a very capable waiter for these demanding women! 
Food was very good. We tried a variety of the menu items:barbecue shrimp and grits, ribeye, truffle mac and cheese (rich and yummy!)
If you want a more quiet and intimate setting, this is a great place.The barbeque shrimp ($14) were nothing short of divine. I was pleasantly surprised that this dish wasn't what most of us expect when we think "barbeque"--a thick sweet sauce with a bit of tang. There were hints of barbeque in the traditional sense, but had it been set before me without prior knowledge, I probably would've designated it something else. But I would definitely call it good. The shrimp and its accompanying sauce were served over rice, a first-time pairing for me that worked quite well.
The chocolate pot de creme, which was something like a mousse, didn't really seem like much more than melted chocolate in a bowl. It was okay...but nothing to write home about. However, I would definitely write home about the pecan pie--best I've ever tasted! The filling was light and not ridiculously sweet and heavy like most pecan pie fillings tend to be. 
Service and management were great, and the Bistreaux also has live entertainment. Lovely murals on the walls!My boyfriend and I live a few blocks away and have always heard great things about this restaurant. We decided to try it out for breakfast. We were started off with a glass of water, and then when our waitress finally came back we ordered. A traditional breakfast and crab cake Benedict. The traditional breakfast was awful. The toast snapped in half and the potatoes were cold. The crab cake Benedict was really good. Our waters were never refilled, the waitress never checked on us and was nowhere to be found for the remainder of the meal. We were done eating for 15 minutes before she ever came back. When she finally came back to drop off the check we told her about the traditional breakfast. She did make it right with us and took it off the bill. Based on other reviews I would assume it was just a bad day, but I will not recommend or visit this restaurant again.I was here on Mardi Gras day, and we are still talking about the mac and cheese (chef approved!).    Everything we had was great.  Well portioned, flavorful and executed with pride and purpose, even on a crazy day like that.  Hurricanes were delicious and fresh too.  Service was on point. Only flaw was the lack of crawfish in our mac (likely a misheard or mis-entered order).  See you again next Mardi Gras!We came here for a personal event last year, in the middle of a week in New Orleans. The environment in Bistreaux is jazz-inspired, with colorful murals across the walls in a traditional open dining space with airy details. We got there early, so the restaurant was mostly empty when we arrived. I had the crab cakes and the duck breast, and my spouse had the hushpuppies and the catch of the day, which was a seared branzino with sweet potatoes and vegetables. The food was delicious but we did wait a surprising time for it given how empty the place was. It did fill up as we were sitting there, but no additional servers arrived so we waited for our check as well. All in all a nice experience, despite the wait, but the management might consider some additional staff to speed things up.Our favorite was the deviled eggs and mac n cheese....and incredible breakfast.
Easy going and casual dining.I adore this place!  We came in after a day of shopping in the Quarter, during Happy Hour.  Apparently they had just opened that week.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The staff was beyond polite and attentive plus the restaurant was immaculately clean!  We just shared an appetizer, salad and a few rounds of drinks.  The quality and display of both the food and drinks were exceptional and the prices were really good as well.  They have a little of something for everyone!  Its a great spot off the super busy French Quarter routes to have a nice quiet drink, but busy enough to get some fun people watching in!  And... as embarassed as I am to admit, I had refrain from licking the plate after we finished the mac n' cheese!It was our last night in New Orleans and we wanted to find a restaurant near our hotel (Hotel St. Pierre http://www.yelp.com/biz/hotel-st-pierre-new-orleans-2). We walked into the bar area around 6:30 pm and opted to stay there because the menu was more appealing and reasonably priced than the connecting restaurant. 
The bartender, who was also our primary server, was very nice and the drinks I had (basil gimlet, Pimm's cup) were both quite good. 
The food was also quite tasty. My honey and I split a ceasar salad and for my main dish I ordered the red fish (local fish of the day) that came with mashed potatoes and fresh veggies (tomatoes, spinach and corn). The fish was seasoned and cooked perfectly -- a little bit flaky but still nice a moist.
Although the food and drinks were four to five stars, I am holding steady at three because the service was hit and miss and the music was really annoying. Although the bartender was very nice and made great drinks, the timing was really off during our entire meal and we weren't able to order our second drinks until halfway through our meal. Not a problem for my Pimm's cup but my honey really wanted a glass of wine with his entree. The headache inducing music was a unsuccessful mashup of the fantastic live music drifting in from the connecting restaurant and the 'meh' top 40s hits being played in the bar area.Not sure how many stars to award.  I'd say 2.5 stars, but will round to 3.  Food was good to okay, service was bad to okay.
We stayed in this hotel, but only ate here because our flight was rescheduled to the next morning, so needed dinner and breakfast.  
For dinner, our waiter was incredibly rude for no reason.  He brought over menus and just threw them down on our table, with no hello or anything.  A few minutes later, he came over and asked "Ready to order?"  We wanted to know what the soup was, he rushed in saying something that neither of us could understand and walked off.  He returned and said, "Do you know what you want?!"  Okay - so we each got a caesar salad.  I asked for no tomatoes - and he actually rolled his eyes and shaked his head.  WTF?!  
About 2 minutes after the food was brought, he came over and said "Everything's good, right?!" Cue eye rolling and walking off mid-sentence.  I seriously have no idea what was going on.  We absolutely did not deserve the rude service we received.  
The next day we ordered breakfast.  I only wanted a croissant and tea.  My husband got toast and biscuits.   My tea was lukewarm.  And the croissant were two mini croissants you buy in bulk packages at Stop and Shop, which were hard and dry!  I was insulted that they dared put that on a plate to serve it to a customer.  I did not eat it and asked that it be taken off my bill - which they did.
Overall, I would absolutely not return here for food - the service was terrible and the food was not great.Stopped here for lunch on Saturday and there seemed to only be one server so we were a little more patient with waiting for someone to greet us after being prompted to sit anywhere.
We split the truffle macaroni and cheese for a starter and it was delicious! I chose to have the southwestern chicken salad which was presented beautifully in a tortilla shell. The salad was light and perfect for such a hot day! My friend chose the BBQ shrimp over rice after my selfish prompting because I really wanted to try it. The shrimp dish was spicy and dark and delicious.
I was surprised to read some of the reviews here after we dined. Maybe we just came in on a good day? Three stars because the server had a ton of tables and the bartender and manager seemed disinterested in helping. I had to go to the bar for a refill once and was ignored for a good few minutes before anyone made eye contact with me. 
Moral of the story: If I was in the area, I would definitely try it again!Ordered the Tomato Napolean and it was delicious until the last layer. I took a mouthful and my teeth hit a large hard object. I pulled it out of my mouth and found glass....yes, GLASS. Brown like a chip from an Abita, but we were drinking iced tea from clear glasses. I brought it to the attention of the waiter, who seemed a bit flummoxed about what to do. Finally after taking the bit and talking to someone in 'the back' they didn't charge me for my tomato... but they charged us for everything else. NOT GOOD ENOUGH for trying to kill me.Went to Bistreaux on Christmas Day. 
Horrendous, horrific, slow service. Rude waitstaff. Overpriced (lack) of food.
In full disclosure, we did not have a reservation, however they said that they could accommodate seating us, and we were seated. It was all downhill from there. 
We did not receive menus for 30 minutes, at which point one of us went up to the hostess table and grabbed enough menus for the group. 
Another 30 minutes passed, and no one had come to provide water or take our order. 
We had to get up again to ask if we had a waiter. The manager was confused and thought that someone had taken our order. (We were sitting directly in front of her, and the restaurant only has ~20 tables.)  
Another hour later we finally received our food: two salads, 8 ravioli, and six shrimp on a plate. 
After having to ask for the check, our waiter quite literally asked if the credit card in the bill was what he was supposed to use to pay the bill...which was $100 for 0 service, 2 salads, 8 ravioli and 6 shrimp...needless to say, we had to go somewhere else to actually get some food (and service) after this meal from hell.My wife and I, along with some friends from NJ, were in New Orleans the last week of January, 2014.  We stumbled across Bistreaux our first evening there, and had a spectacular meal.  The meatloaf was a revelation (two of us had it), and the lamb "lollypops" were not only wonderful but a great deal.  In fact, we had a second dinner there the night before we left -- my wife reprised her lamb dish, we also tried the "debris" and I had the grouper.  Wonderful.  Oh, and the pork "wings" were another major hit and another revelation.  In contrast with a prior review, we were very pleased with the service and with the prices.  The guitarist was excellent, as well.  I cannot recommend Bistreaux too highly for those seeking a relatively light, reasonably priced and innovative meal.Super Yummy Strawberry Salad, with pecans and goat cheese with balsamic drizzle.  Wait staff is friendly and quick.Stopped in for a quick bite. The food took a long time but absolutely loved the crab cakes. Probably the best thing I ate during my 4 day trip. The wait staff were attentive and kept my glass full. I will definitely be back if in NO again.Went to this place for Christmas Eve dinner expecting a nice dinner experience. Multiple courses were brought out at the same time, cold, and when we objected to this, they offered to put the extras under a warming light until we were ready for them. We were also asked to keep our appetizer utensils even though there was sauce on them. Dirty dishes were left on the table for 20 minutes before being bused. It was not what we expected at all. To cap it off, gratuity is added even for a party of 4... No incentive for good service, I suppose. Very disappointed.Ken, our smiling waiter, met is with Ice water and endless ice tea.  We had cool crisp strawberry salad with large shrimp and fresh Caesar salad plus bright gumbo and spicy sausage.
The room was quiet, very cool and not drafty.  The large windows gave a perfect view of the tourists and costumed locals.
We lucked onto a perfect midday break.  About $40 for a nice lunch for two  .I stumbled into this artistic restaurant on the corner of Toulouse and Burgundy attracted like a moth to the light by the Toulouse Lautrec painted wall murals. I decided to have a cocktail and Roasted and Confit Duck - Seared duck breast, brussel-beet-confit leg hash, sweet potato & fig glaze. I was so dazzled by the decor that I didn't realize that this restaurant was part of a hotel. I normally shun hotel restaurants figuring they have a captive audience which makes for lower quality of food, but wait and au contraire- in the last few years many restaurants having to compete with stand alone joints have upped their culinary game. I kept staring at the walls and ate my dinner forgetting to take pics of the food for my loyal following. Well, next time and you will have to try it as they serve breakfast lunch and dinner. The only problem for me as a Celiac is that some of my fav dishes are made with Abita beer. A no no for me but you wheat eaters should enjoy these beer soaked delicacies.We were driving by on a rainy day in NOLA when we spotted this restaurant on the corner. We had Boudin balls, red beans and rice and a club sandwich. My wife had a Lucy Broussard cocktail and then a second because it was so good! The wait staff was very polite and attentive, the ambiance was nice and the food was extremely good! Background music playing while we dined turned this rainy day into a place we will visit again when in the Big Easy.Both mine and my wife's meals were amazing, hers was the Duck and I had the seafood linguine with oyster mushrooms.  The service was prompt and friendly.The food was ok.  The gumbo was the best part of the meal, entrees were just ok.   And the service was mediocre, wasn't busy and our server kept disappearing.   Took forever to get drinks and refills.Generally try to avoid restaurants attached to hotels but we don't regret visiting Bistreaux. We stayed in the French Quarter close to Rampart St. (not at the attached hotel) and it was a very short walk to the restaurant. Table had salad with fried oysters, hush puppies, cup of gumbo & crab cakes with fried green tomatoes. One adult beverage. 
Restaurant was quiet with nice ambiance. Portions - value / quality / presentation were in line with the price point. Staff was friendly and attentive. Recommended.They charge $17.95/person for the breakfast buffet. Not worth the price at all. The pancakes were stale and had the consistency of cookies - no joke! The fruit was picked through and not replenished. I can't believe I paid $45 for my husband and I to eat there. I feel like we got gipped. Yes, it was my own fault for not looking at the price ahead of time, but shame on them for charging so much. To top it all off, I wasn't given complete change after paying my check. So I just subtracted that part from the waitress' tip. (Is that a southern thing?! Happened at another restaurant we went to as well - they didn't give us the coins -- so weird!).Went there for dinner once with my wife during our wedding anniversary trip to new orleans. Food was ok but our waiter didn't seem to like his job and service was too long. Other tables were managed by a waitress which looked way more professional. Maybe he had a bad day, we thought he was about to quit ! They have a few tvs with sports on display near the bar section. Place is located on toulouse street in the quiet area of french market next to maison dupuy hotel. We also went there once for breakfast and while the toasts were good and coffee ok, the croissants were too damn small and their taste was very disappointing.