Beautifully sweet ending to a sweet trip to NOLA with the girls. We stumbled upon this after a delicous savory lunch nearby at Cochon (review to follow). Sweet Confections is on Magazine St, around corner from the art gallery strip on Julia St.   We had a sampling of cupcake (chocolate with mocha filling) and truffles (raspberry, creme brulee, and orange).  Cupcake was good, mocha filling best part. Rasberry truffle was my fav, love the dark chocolate so it's not cloyingly sweet. The coffee was a wonderful chaser, not overly burnt, smoky, or acidic... I usually have coffee with milk n sugar, forgot this time, but I didn't even need it!  Seating was nice, with a few cafe tables inside. Enough for our 6-girl troop. And service was great, helpful with flavor suggestions and labelling.  Gave 4 of 5 stars because maybe they could benefit from one more equally gracious staff person.I'm in town for an OB/GYN conference and really wanted to explore the local gems - oh Yelp you make travel so much better.  I was on my way to grab lunch and passed by a cute window display and decided I would come their for dessert and coffee.  
I'm a coffee snob - Peet's in the Bay Area, Intelligencia in Chicago, Dunn Bros. etc.. and the coffee here was pretty good - just a shade lighter roast than Peets.  
I also picked up some Amaretti cookies to share but once I tried them decided to keep them 
- light airy buttery almond flavored little circles of joy.  
I plan to go back before I leave and get some delicious treats to take home!I found myself in The Big Easy for a convention back in the beginning of May. I stayed about 1.5 miles from the Convention center thinking a morning walk with a breakfast stop would be good for me. I went online and looked at reviews and picked a few spots along my route that I felt would be worthy of checking out for breakfast. As I was strolling along Magazine Street I peaked in the window of what I thought was a Pastry/Cake/Sweets stuff kind of place. "BITTERSWEET confections" For a moment I thought maybe they weren't open yet because it wasn't crowded with a line out the door like others I had passed.  Then I glanced over at the menu and I spotted the breakfast menu!!  I said to myself, give it a try, why wait in a line for 30 min elsewhere, you're right HERE dude. So I walked in and that is when my 3 day RELATIONSHIP started!.  Yep, it was so damn good I went back every day on my morning walk to the convention. Day one I asked to speak to the chef, a lovely lady FULL of passion about her food and family recipes. She makes a damn good Biscuit!! I wanted to apologize for not being able to finish my meal (Healthy Portions) and I didn't want anyone to think I was dissatisfied. She smiled, thanked me and said I'll see you tomorrow and tomorrow she did along with the day after. I could only finish half of my meal so on the remainder of my walk to the convention the next day I would find someone along the way who hadn't eaten yet and pass on the deliciousness of the day! It was a wonderful experience.  On my final day my local friend wanted to take me out for breakfast at one of "THE SPOTS", the convention was over and I wasn't on any schedule. We walked to the place she recommended (a very popular spot, with a very long line and wait). I said, I can't do this long line, let me show you a spot I found! So we took a nice morning stroll over to Bittersweet. BOOM!, another AMAZING meal, there was also a young couple that had come in for a tasting to pick out wedding cakes. I overheard them say they were on a budget with a humble look in their eyes. I can tell you from my seat they were treated like a respected customer who had deep pockets. I was thinking to myself if that cake tastes anything like the breakfasts I've been having these kids are in for a real TREAT!! Apologies for taking soooo long to sit down and post a review.  5 stars!!Bittersweet is a delicious problem to my waistline! Everything they make is incredible, from the cupcakes, to truffles, to handmade chocolates, to the waffles on Saturdays. In addition the owner is very sweet and all her employees are kind and freindly!I have never had a bad experience here. It doe not get better than this!Everyone here is so nice. They had 3 employees working and they all greeted each customer. They explained their different cupcakes but I kept it simple with a red velvet and and wedding cake. The cupcakes were great. I can't wait to go back and try some different one. 
Great experience. A MUST GO!My review is simple: the BEST cake I've ever had, hands down. There isn't even a close second. They did my wedding cake and other desserts. FABULOUS! Have you ever seen an ENTIRE wedding cake be devoured in about 30 minutes???? People couldn't get enough. And it was BEAUTIFUL!!!! Highly recommend! Even if you don't need a large order, just go get a cupcake. You will dream about it for months, wanting more.We decided to take an alternate route back from Cochon Butcher to our hotel and stumbled across this small confectioner.  I had a few spare microns of space in my stomach for something sweet, so we grabbed a filled lemon and a chocolate cupcake.  The filled lemon was the better of the two.  Both were fresh, delicious, and hit the spot.  I wish we'd sampled some of the truffles but just didn't have room.Here is a tea review. Yup, a tea review for Bittersweet! 
Tea tea tea. This is our second time here 5 years apart. Super nice service both times. 
Now, he (I assume the owner) brews iced tea over 12 to 16 hours. It is really good, really, really good. You can tell he takes pride in this tea and his establishment.
This time, I also had a fantastic almond croissant. The white icing is wonderful. Should have bought two the husband took way too much from his "bite." In the past we had cupcakes and also really enjoyed these.
We will be back on our next NOLA visit for certain.Chery did a magnificent  job creating a desert bar that was beautiful and filled with delicious cakes, cup cakes, tarts and brownies. Our guest all made comments about how excellent the deserts were. She was so sweet and helpful in guiding me in selections to offer. The presentation was beautiful.UPDATE (11/24)
-----------------------------
Okay this is the best coffee-shop in town period, I have switched jobs but not my coffee-shop so that is something.
Also, I ordered an egg-less cake from them and it was heavenly. Not many places can claim that in this city
This is what you need to do: Go to the farmers markets on Girod and Magazine early on saturday, then head over for waffles or a bagel or both.
You will thank me later.
Its my regular place for coffee and bagel and it is one of the awesome places in the neighborhood to get both of them. 
The staff is super-friendly (shout out to Cheryl, Andy, Linda and everyone :))
Regular: Plain bagel, plain cream-cheese and americano with 2-shots
Regular you can't miss: Yogurt "perfect" Parfait
Must try: Dark chocolates or any chocolates really.Nothing bittersweet about this establishment! An absolute treasure in the warehouse district! The almond petit four and red velvet cheesecake were insanely delicious and I would go back every day if I could. I also had an iced almond milk latte and it beat the chain coffee places. The cakes looked wonderful and the staff was super friendly. Go Check It Out !!! You won't be disappointed!Delicious King Cakes (both the chocolate and the traditional)!Perfect dessert & coffee spot!! Hubs & I enjoyed our mini chocolate cake - MMMM Good! Rich, moist cake with creamy chocolate mousse & chocolate ganache!Purchased an almond cupcake. The bottom line, a small cupcake with big flavor. I found that the cupcake was smaller than other cupcakes but it was really tasty. Was it worth $3.00, I guess. Would I pay $3.00 again, probably not, but my husband says he would. Customer service was ok. The guy behind the counter was not friendly but he was not rude either. The cashier was a bit friendlier. I must admit, based on all the great reviews on Yelp, I was expecting a bit more.The cupcakes are unreal from this place. Like literally the best cupcakes in New Orleans. I wish I had more! I had the strawberry frosting cupcake and the caramel cupcake and they were amazing.I walked in to this "new to me" dreamland and was instantly overwhelmed by the numerous tasty and gorgeous options. Amber came to my rescue and not only described each treat of a cupcake in great detail but she could also tell how torn I was in deciding and suggested getting two, cutting them in half and eating half of each - Franken-cupcakes!!! She was lovely, funny and helpful as was her co-worker. She made my cupcake dreams come true!We were looking to pass the time while waiting to do something in town and stumbled upon this place. I got a petit four and my boyfriend got a strawberry swirl cheese cake. They were small, but satisfying, as I don't need a ton of sweets to satisfy my sweet tooth. However, they do have larger cakes and cupcakes for those that like a little more. The cappuccino was delicious and I loved the little cafe environment. The music they played was relaxing, but hip. We will definitely be back. Probably before our trip is over.Nice atmosphere
Friendly & Welcoming StaffBittersweet Confections is my 5-yr-old son's "favorite coffee shop" (his words- which probably says something about how often I drag him to coffee shops, cafes, etc.)- It's fairly high on my own list of places to acquire caffeine as well. 
The pastry and chocolate selection here is good- the cupcakes are quite yummy and there's a wide selection of flavors. They've recently added a small gelato selection- mostly unusual flavors, not the basics.
Bittersweet also makes cakes for any occasion and they often have a slideshow on a screen in the cafe of lots of the different cake designs they've made (some of which are pretty creative)- so if you're looking for a cake in a specific shape, they can probably do it (Millennium Falcon cake, anyone? They can handle that.)
There's seating inside if you want to hang out and enjoy your treat and coffee. There's also free Wifi, so you can check in or peruse the Web while you sit. 
The staff is always friendly and willing to answer questions about the stuff in the dessert cases.Great cupcakes and randomly the best Gumbo I had while I was here in New Orleans for Essence fest.  The chef and her young helper were great. Very friendly and welcoming. Stopped by for sweets and ended up coming back the next day for brunch. Cant wait to come back the next time we are here.This is the best Alvacado Toast I have ever had! The place was really nice and quaint! Will definitely visit again.Cute, tasty, and maybe one of the best blueberry muffins I've had in years! This place was rated #3 in the top 10 places for sweets in the New Orleans area!
Right across the way from our Saturday farmers market, it was the perfect place to stop before heading back home. There were a number of visual-pleasing treats in the case and plenty of tables and chairs to stay and enjoy a handmade coffee made by the friendly baristas. 
I'm telling you- best blueberry muffin ever!Found this gem while looking for the car.  I'm so glad we stopped in and grabbed some cupcakes! Probably the best cupcakes I've ever had in life! Had German chocolate cupcake and I don't remember the name of the other one. . but it was banana nut bread with chocolate in the middle and peanut butter icing!  Every bite was heavenly! We will definitely be back when we are in NOLA!Best blueberry muffin I have ever had! They are flaky and perfectly warmed. They use the freshest produce. The cappuccinos are amazing! It's not bitter and not overly heated.Great little bakery and coffee shop. Had we been in NO longer we would have tried the Belgian waffles. Next time. 
And thanks for the intro to Gold and the Rush. :)We would like to thank Ben and his team at Bittersweet Confections for the gorgeous cake they made for our 50th Bday Celebration!! Also for accommodating my egg allergy and making me a special cake! Thank you again! Everyone loved it!! Nicci, Diane & JenLooks and feels like your average cupcake/coffee shop, so nothing new to report there. But what sets this place apart is their cupcakes. They're fantastic! We've been to a lot of places in this country and tried a lot of cupcakes, and Bittersweet Confections has one of the best we've ever had!I'm in the business district for a conference at the convention center. I wanted a quick good quality breakfast, not a heavy full service breakfast or a shipped-frozen-then-thawed pastry from a chain coffee shop. So, I looked for a local bakery. Found Bittersweet Confections within walking distance of my hotel and the convention center. I initially intended to buy a sweet pastry like an almond croissant, but saw breakfast sandwiches on the menu as well. I decided on bacon, egg, and cheese on an everything.bagel. My sandwich arrived quickly enough, but obviously made to order with freshly prepared real bacon, egg, and cheese. The sandwich and dark roast coffee were both served hot and delicious.  I enjoyed my breakfast at a little table by the large window so I could look out on Magazine Street.Went here today for the first time and ordered two different cupcakes.  There were many to chose from as well as homemade truffles, gelato, cakes, etc.  our cupcakes were very good but a bit to sweet for my taste. The atmosphere is comfortable and there are places to sit and relax while having coffee and a sweet treat.  The cake video running while we were eating was very intriguing to watch.  I would definitely go back but maybe this time try something other than a cupcake.Everything in this shop is incredible right down to their tasty chai teas and coffees. Their king cakes are moist and decadent. This was a great place to stumble upon unexpectedly while walking to lunch.Best cupcakes ever!  We also tried a few of the cookies everything was great.  The coconut macaroons dipped in chocolate were amazing. All of the staff is really helpful.My wife and I were looking for a local bakery while we were in New Olreans and thanks to the power of technology we were able to find this cute bakery with in walking distance of the Blake Hotel where we were staying for the week.  The walk down to Bittersweet Confections, was a nice one...too bad the rain made us rush a little.  
But now to the meat and potatoes of this review.  When I think of a cupcakery, this is the quintessential idea of what it should look like.  It had a warm inviting feel that made you want to sit down and chat with friends for hours.  It doesn't have that stale feel like a big chain bakery.  Excited that we found a place like this, we ordered way more than we should have...but there was so much good stuff how could you not!  We did 2 cupcakes, I had the breakfast bowl, my wife had the vegetarian Quiche, and I also had a cup of their Bittersweet Mocha.  The food was amazing!  It was a much better option to eat here than some of the tourist places that had constant lines in them.  
 - The breakfast bowl was a hearty mix of a biscuit, grits, egg, cheese, and bacon.  
 - The quiche was a light fluffy consistency with big chunks of veggies.  
 - The bittersweet mocha was not exactly my style of coffee, so I added a little caramel and it was fantastic.
 - German chocolate cupcake and salted caramel cupcake both had a nice texture and flavor, but my wife and I both preferred the German Chocolate over the Caramel.
At first I thought the prices were a little high, but in retrospect it was under most of the meals we had in the area and we walked out much happier because we weren't fighting for a place to sit.  I would definitely go back.I actually found this little gem by looking on Yelp! It was a little bit of a walk from our hotel but well worth it. We went for breakfast and I got the breakfast bowl and it was super delicious. Everything I wanted for breakfast in a bowl ... I think I would get it with bacon next time instead of sausage just to be easier to eat. My husband got the yogurt and granola and a side of hash browns. The hash browns were seriously so delicious. The portions were pretty big so you could always split something sweet and savory. I couldn't stop starring at the cupcakes and cakes but it was 8:30am so no room for that this trip. Also I have to mention how friendly the service was. Right when we walked in we felt welcome and can't wait to got back! I would say go early because it's a small place and seems like it would fill up fast!Cheryl was absolutely fantastic in helping us with our Wedding cake... we had a destination wedding to New Orleans May 11th and it was a very small intimate wedding. Our cake was 2 tier almond cake with vanilla buttercream... Oh my word it was beautiful with the ruffle piping and it was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted. If I had to do it again the only thing I would do different is order a bigger cake so we could have had more to take home!Have grabbed breakfast here a couple times and it's very good, I wish they were open later, especially on the weekends.  Really enjoyed, will be back3.5 Stars 
The decor was nice and the guy that helped me out as really friendly. I saw some fruit flies in the far left muffin case and was a bit turned off about getting anything in there
Their creme brulee truffle was really good and melts in your mouth.
I really like the almond wedding cupcake. I didn't care much for the frosting, but the cake was delicious! One of my favorites.
Their red velvet was A-OK. I've had way better. I wouldn't recommend it.One of the worst brownies that I have ever had. The brownie was very dry and extremely hard. I was barely able to eat it with a plastic spoon. The chocolate was just bitter. Definitely will not be a returning customer.A very cute, clean place. We stopped in for icecream.  Velvety smooth,  and delicious.  Friendly staff.  Would recommend!Super impressed!  
The staff was SOOOO accommodating and friendly, fulfilling a special request less than an hour before closing.  I also got to watch them carry out a special order cake for an anniversary party that was awww-dorable! 
Although I wish they did have a bit larger selection, I do understand a bakery doesnt want food sitting out and getting stale and/or not selling and appreciate that they make alot of things to order.  With their lengthy weekday and weekend hours, Bittersweet also serves coffee and seems like a nice little spot to grab caffeine and pastry, particularly if you want a change of pace from chain restaurants (aka Starbucks). 
Also, for you Saints fans, during the playoffs Bittersweet hung a sign saying they were closed to cheer on the Saints.  Just thought that caught the spirit of this city in a super cute way!Food was great! Decor and atmosphere was inviting, cosy, and cute!  Only issue was the cashier was a bit rude, or having a bad day, and showed it to the customers.  Definitely recommend it though!Purchased an almond cupcake. The bottom line, small cupcake with big flavor. I found that the cupcake was a little small but it was really tasty and moist.  The bakery is clean and super cute store.I really liked this place, and I wasn't totally expecting to. Full disclosure: I didn't actually have any cupcakes or treats, which is probably the main thing to try here.
It's conveniently located in an area that's lacking this sort of thing. The bagels are obviously baked in house and they are really quite good: chewy with a very crunchy crust. I enjoyed my coffee a lot, and they have soy and almond options to make vegans/people with food allergies happy.
I do think it's a little on the expensive side for what you're getting, but they do have to pay rent in the warehouse district, after all. It seems like they have a lot of business baking cakes for weddings and such. I definitely would come back.Great coffee, great pastries, great customer service, and a cool environment! Highly recommend this place.Came here with a friend of mine to try out cake for her wedding and we were absolutely blown away! The samples we tried were so tasty, we wished we could've had an entire cake of everything: chocolate, vanilla, almond. Next, the frostings. The almond was so tasty and we both loved the hint of glitter in it, wonderful. Though we liked that was the best, it was a pretty hard choice between that and the chocolate. If you ever need to order a cake for an event, definitely come here. They are very kind and extremely helpful!This is a wonderful little bakery and brunch restaurant.  I've been a few times now and never been disappointed.  They are also very kind and extremely patient with my silly questions (thank you for that!)  
They also have the best chocolate croissants I've had in years.  Unlike most places these days that fill their chocolate croissants with gobs of some odd overly sweet fudge-like gloop they have just the right amount.  And it's not too sweet!  They're heaven.Had great coffee and king cake. Great little local atmosphere. Breakfast looked great!This is a nice well-air conditioned cafe in the Central Business District. 
Coffee is very good and soy milk is available. My boyfriend and I stopped by after lunch at Cochon and a bit of walking around the National WWII Museum entrance. 
FREE WIFI!I am so impressed with the excellent customer service and my relatives are so impressed with the desserts.  I am from Florida but called a few highly rated local bakeries looking for someone to deliver pastries to a nearby hotel where my relatives were staying.  The first three bakeries were rude and unhelpful.  I am so glad I found Bittersweet Confections.  Seth (i hope I got the name right) answered the phone near closing time and politly let me know that their delivery person had left for the day.  When I explained whaat I was looking for Seth offered to personally walk my order to the hotel on his way home!  My relatives were so surprised and loved the treats.  Thank you, Seth!!I usually pop in here after getting some goodies at the Farmer's Market on Saturdays. The coffee is good but not amazing, the sweets - while a bit pricey - are incredible (red velvet cupcakes, anyone?) and they also have someone making fresh waffles in the morning. 
The staff is always pleasant and the atmosphere is nice enough, but despite living nearby, I wouldn't make this my go-to for a coffee shop or treats. I tend to prefer Eucre on Magazine to satisfy my occasional sweet-tooth.Great quality chocolates, unique flavor combinationsThree stars because they did not have decaf coffee and a very small selection of only two kinds of bagels when I went today. Also, the employees were a little eccentric which I normally like but the girl that helped me was the "cool" type and not very helpful. That being said, my everything bagel with an egg was excellent, and this coming from someone used to Northeast bagels. In addition, the store was bright, clean, and colorful with numerous tables to sit at and enjoy the view by the big glass window. I appreciated the portion sizes, too. My bagel was the standard bagel size, not a huge one, and the cupcakes were the standard size and not the modern day extra large ones, which were just the right amounts of a good thing. Overall, the pastries all looked beautiful and delicious and the experience was a good one - it has potential for five stars if they just fix a few minor things!Exceptionally delicious food, good portions, friendly staff, good service, great atmosphere and location. I had the turkey Brie on focaccia and took 1/2 home. My husband had the black bean soup which was equally delicious and hearty with beef in it.We ordered a cake from here again for our daughter's 8th birthday Nov 2016. It was HUGE compared to the Nola themed one on my birthday, and came with the matching price tag, but we weren't sure how many family members were meeting us so I told them 6-8 people. Because the Nola themed cake was sooo shockingly beautiful, we had super high expectations for this one. When it was delivered my husband was a bit disappointed that it didn't quite come off as a $220 priced cake. They told me to send pictures of ideas I liked, I had a very hard time coming up with any direction of ideas, I sent them pictures both of cakes and ideas, pictures and descriptions of my daughter, it looked sort of like one of the cakes I sent, I had wanted/expected them to take their creativity and run with it a bit more, but my daughter absolutely loved it, it tasted wonderful, and that's the main thing! We will still use Bittersweet for future needs, I'll just be a bit more clear on my expectations, creativities and ideas/wants/needs!This place has great food, drinks, and dessert. The ingredients are fresh and the recipes creative. The chef came out and even gave us suggestions for the rest of our stay in New Orleans. Such a nice time and sweet ambience to take a break from the craziness of partying in the Big Easy.This was an elegant, intimate litttle bakery. They offered a large selection of cupcakes, truffles, and petite fours.  They also has a small selection of gelatos.  The baked items were absolutely delicious. The petite fours were mouth watering. The gelato texture was a bit off. The staff was very polite. The prices were right on par with other bakeries. Another great place to get away from the hustle and bustle and get lost in a book. I highly recommend this bakery.Great little shop, not always the fastest service when visiting on Saturday mornings (when the Crescent City Farmers Market is across the street) but everything is excellent.  And if it's Mardi Gras season they have some of the best King Cakes in town.  Plus just about every other pastry in the shop.  Which are all incredibly healthy and consistent with your diet needs.  Yeah, that's the ticket...Was in New Orleans for vacation and walked in to try a cupcake and some coffee. It wasn't busy, there was 3 other people inside sitting at tables. I didn't get the girls name but one was rude and looked mad to be there and the other was friendly. I tried a cupcake and the frosting wasn't the best which is okay because the cake part of it was good. The coffee was really good and my mom ordered some truffles. I like trying cupcakes and sweets everywhere I go but the frosting and grumpy lady was 3 stars for me.Great cake, as I love cakes with lots of icing sugar, and their cakes certainly meet my needs here. My soy latte was served warm, and the barista was not happy when I asked her for a hot coffee.I cannot say enough good things about Cheryl and Bittersweet Confections. I ordered 3 dozen cupcakes for my daughter's 21st birthday as a surprise to be delivered to a local restaurant. Not only did Cheryl handle everything for me including the delivery AND changing the date 4 times - but the cupcakes were a HUGE hit at my daughter's dinner party. They loved them!! Great service, great cupcakes - just the best!! Thank you so much!Very good coffee shop with lots of sweets and pastries. Has breakfast/brunch menu as well. If you want a break from the chain coffee shop, this is the place to be.This place has tasty treats prettily decorated. Great for a quick stop for a coffee and dessert. I've particularly enjoyed the petite fours on both of my visits!Not sure who owns the place ... But you better get the two cussing stoners who kept being to sidetracked to let me pay for my order off the counter... Left with nothingA tony storefront for a true confectioner. Coffee and espresso drinks. Baked goods. A huge cast of chocolates. Awards from the Knot for wedding cakes. 
A good spot for a cup of coffee and a bun.4 for the food but 3 for service. We stopped in after the glass blowing store for a drink. A smile would be have been nice instead of scowls from the girl and guy working the counter. Even though they didn't offer to heat up the chocolate croissants they were still good. They coffee is too hot to enjoy (American coffee is always too hot unlike Italy were it's drinkable immediately)  Cute place if you can find the door.Overpriced cupcakes. $4 a pop. I had the chocolate cupcake with mint buttercream icing, filled with dark chocolate ganacheGreat place for coffee, teas, and lots of great confections.  Truffles, cakes, cupcakes (awesome cupcakes).  Lattes, Italian sodas, flavored iced teas, (try the black iced teas).
Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly, and service is prompt. Check out their website for a full menu.I was in New Orleans for the National Lutheran Youth Gathering, we had a tight schedule on leaving and Cheryl worked with us to set up and deliver boxed lunches to our hotel.  The sandwiches were delicious, especially the Chicken Salad, and the included sweets and fruit helped get us through the rest of the day.  I highly recommending seeking our this shop for any special events/needs, plus just visiting her and her super friendly staff.  Big Thumbs up!!!!I was at Magazine Street and the art studios didn't interest me. It was raining and I decided that desserts would make my day slightly less depressing. To a certain extent, Bittersweet made it better. The iced mocha was delicious and so were the dark chocolate truffles. The earl grey truffles are worth pointing out as the slight hint of earl grey made it pretty unique.Just happened to come across this jewel of confections and bakery goods at lunchtime. What a great experience.
Handmade chocolates, truffles, King cakes, cupcakes and filled cupcakes, and much more. I had a cinnamon roll and the frosting was to die for. Pricing was reasonable, especially for the quality of their tender lovely confections. Service was friendly and helpful. I will return.
On a par with the "Chocolate Truffle" in Pt. Loma, CA.Amazing cakes and pastries! Amazingly sweet staff, that are so helpful! Very worth it! 
(Will only agree with below comment that the frosting on some of the cupcakes can be too sugary)Okay dessert shop, decent salted caramel and peanut butter cup. Nothing out of the ordinary especially by my sweet-tooth-guru standards.
As for the truffles, I did not enjoy the mystery sugar-mix paste inside of the indian chai.Not much to say. I ordered a cappuccino and it was wonderful.   If you just want coffee, you will need will power to get past all the tempting baked goods.  Good luck.amazing cupcakes and case full of goodies. i would try one of everything if i lived here. but only on vacation. a 5-10 minute walk on magazine street from canal st . where the big box hotels are at.I ordered some desserts, cappuccino and their Big Easy breakfast.
The Flavorless chocolate cake was fresh and not so sweet as expected for a chocolate cake. Very delicious!
They can prepare eggs any style, so feel free to ask. 
Pro:
- great desserts,
- not too loud and great for kids,
- nice interior 
- street parking outside 
- friendly baristas
Contra:
- a little bit expensive 
- a couple tables were dirtyOne of the first bakeries I visited after moving to New Orleans, I still count this as one of my favorite sweet spots in town.  They have amazing cupcakes and cookies (especially the confetti/sprinkle) ones.Croque Madame, Ham & Cheese quiche, Key Lime tart. Food was fresh, good, and very flavorful.Great local Bakery! Super cute, super friendly,and most importantly delicious! I had the rosemary bagel with vegetable cream cheese and my boyfriend had the breakfast bowl. Yummy!I came in here on a Friday morning; the place is super clean and the displays are lovely. I ended up getting a coffee which was decent, a slice of vegetable quiche, and a petit four. The quiche was flavorful, but a little too dense and the petit four was yummy, but I couldn't finish it because it was too sweet. The staff was friendly, but the service was a little slow/disorganized (I stood in line to pay for a while before being helped). They do have plenty of tables and it's a overall a nice place to sit and sip on some coffee.I'm in NOLA for a business conference, where I get to see friends from all over the country that I only get to see once a year.  To celebrate, it's my tradition to throw a big party-- and this year it happens to be the case that TWO of my friends are having their birthday this weekend!  So, I hit yelp to find a place near my hotel to buy a crazy amount of cupcakes for the party.  Bittersweet is nearby, so I promptly head over and buy literally every cupcake they have in the store.  They were soooooooooooo nice and helpful, even though I was crazily buying all their baked goods for a party.  Loved them!There's nothing really special about this bakery. Great artistry! But bakery smelled like mold and cleaning supplies.