I finally made it! Arrived at 11:15 as rumors of the city shutting down for Coronavirus were swirling and snagged 2 seats at the bar. Tried the egg roll, cucumbers, Dan Dan noodles, and hot chicken. I appreciated the freshness of the egg roll and it was perfectly crispy. The cucumbers were the perfect combination of spicy and cool and crunchy. The Dan dan noodles were absolute perfection. I have been searching for noodles like these since having them at various places in NYC and have not found them until now. Luvi has them, and I love that restaurant, but the noodles are not what I've been searching for. I am still thinking about the Dan dan noodles from Blue Giant. I saw all the rave reviews about the hot chicken and my husband devoured it enthusiastically-  I didn't love it as much as he did - I don't know why - it was very good though! I can't wait to try every single thing at this awesome place. Hooray Blue Giant!!!!I couldn't shovel it into my mouth quick enough. Dan Dan noodles, shrimp wantons, egg roll. Everything was 10/10.If you love HOT SPICY food you'll love it.   I don't do HOT well so I won't put this one on my "go back to " list.   Limited menu but ample choices
Attractive placeI visited Blue Giant on the first Friday night after they opened. It definitely exceeded expectations. We had a 2 hour wait, which was definitely expected since I know this is one of the most hotly anticipated restaurants of the past few years. My party of two sat at the bar and we really enjoyed the view of the kitchen. The menu was exactly what I have been missing in NOLA. I grew up eating a lot of Chinese-American food in the Midwest and I have not been able to find many options in New Orleans. I was most excited to try their egg drop soup($5) and it was exactly as I had hoped it would be. Then I got the scallop egg foo yung($18) for my entrée. I love scallops and this entrée was full of scallops wrapped in the egg foo yung with a delicious dark brown sauce. I am excited to bring out of town visitors to this restaurant. My friend ordered the chili oil cucumbers($4) and they were definitely a delightfully spicy, crisp appetizer. I had to stop myself from eating all of her appetizer. She also ordered the dry chili chicken($15), which was crisp and spicy. Her entrée did not come with a side of white rice but mine did. I gave the rice to her since she wanted it much more than I did. We both drank some Tsing Tao beers with our meals. I was worried about visiting Blue Giant so soon after it opened, but the service was exceptionally fast and attentive. I was very surprised. Blue Giant is located on a corner on Magazine St, so there is street parking only. I am very excited that Blue Giant is finally here and I feel like it is a great addition to the NOLA restaurant scene!This place is tremendous. The shrimp wontons are phenomenal. The beef chow fun noodles are really  good. The dry chili chicken is totally worth trying but the Belle of this ball is the Peking duck. This is the best  Peking duck I have ever had in nola and probably the best I have ever had anywhere.Finally got to Blue Giant!!! And just wow it  is amazing. Try to get there early because we got there at 5:40 and waited an hour and a half. Don't get me wrong  it was well worth the wait. For drink we started with   a mai tai and a suffering bastard and both were  awesome!! As for appetizers we split and egg rolls and our sever sold us on the shrimp wontons with the crunchy chilli. You really can't go wrong with those options.  As for entrees I was really sad to see the duck Lo me in wasn't on the menu I had def planned  around it. So we got the pork siu and the stir fry broccoli. The broccoli has to be the best broccoli I have ever had I would KILL for that recipe and the pork is so tender and juicy. Everything pairs very nicely together. I will def be back for the chili chicken and the Peking duck--- oh and the scallop egg foo young! For dessert we had the sesame banana cake and oh my. I wasn't expecting it at all. It's kind of like  banana bread  but the sesame adds a unique flavor to it which is awesome! Go go go to blue giant  and make sure to go early!Went today at lunch and I was glad to see that it was bustling. The restaurant itself is reallY small, but cool that you get to sit at the bar and  watch your food being cooked by the line cooks. The bartender/waiter was really nice and attentive. I also really like the ambiance itself.
The food on the other hand was just ok-not great, not  bad, just meh. I came in with rather larger expectations, so maybe it was my fault. The Pan fried dumplings weeds all stuck  together and didn't have much flavor to speak of...the special Duck Lo Mein was pretty good, but not something  I would personally go out of my way for. If I'm in the area I may stop in again and try the rest of the menu because the staff and building was cool and the food ok.Imagine Chinese comfort food cooked from scratch to perfection by French chefs, and you have just imagined this restaurant.  The food is excellent, beyond any Chinese food experience you've ever had (around this town).  Everything from the egg rolls, to the sauces are made in the French tradition, with care, by hand, with fresh ingredients.  The brainchild of two white boys, who were cooks at the famous Cochon restaurant, this place is cultural appropriation at its finest, and we loved it.After what felt like forever, Blue Giant finally opened and my SO and I were able to pop in for lunch the Friday before Mardi Gras. We arrived around 1:30 pm and were seated immediately. 
We started with a round of drinks (pain killa for him and suffering bastard for me) and an order of the pan fried dumplings for him (I can't have shrimp). Both drinks were good but we both preferred the suffering bastard as the pain killa was a little sweet. 
Now for our main dishes we decided to split the Dan Dan noodles and the dry chili chicken with a side of white rice. Both dishes were amazing! The Dan Dan noodles were spicy but delicious with the nice added crunch from the peanuts. The dry chili chicken was my favorite but the heat just keeps building and building as you eat it...it hurts so good! 
We decided to cool our mouths down with an order of the coconut ice cream. Best. Decision. Ever. The ice cream was delicious and creamy with pieces of toasted coconut mixed in. 
Can't wait to go back!Seriously SO GOOD. We ordered this last night as take-out, and both agree it was the best Chinese we've ever had. It's a little pricier than what you might typically expect of Chinese take-out, but please don't let that discourage you. The ingredients were so fresh and high-quality, and I didn't fall into an awful food coma afterwards like I typically do with cheap Chinese. I could eat the beef chow fun noodles every day for the rest of my life and be perfectly happy. Can't wait to be able to eat there in person!!Meets the hype - wait was not very long. Ambiance is cozy. The food is five star. A real asset to Lower Magazine Street.There is a dearth of decent Chinese food in NOLA. Was hoping this place would fit a much needed niche, but it's got the pricing and portion sizes of a fancy bistro. I'm hardcore on spicy food, but the chicken dish we had was a struggle with to eat. Dian Xin is a much better alternative.This place showed up on my foodie radar before it opened and I have to admit I was hesitant. I haven't enjoyed Chinese food in New Orleans.  Walking past it one day, I decided to give it a shot and I was so happy I did. 
The place is small but maximizes space wrapping bar seating around an open kitchen.  The menu, also small in comparison to most but the flavor... the flavor was anything but small!  
We started with shrimp wontons. I knew I wanted the dry chili chicken after seeing it on IG.  We got another dish to split, a special of the day; duck lo mein.  The waiter warned us about spice level of the chicken but nothing about the shrimp wontons which were actually much spicier!  I wondered if the dry chili spice on top of the wontons was missing all together from the chicken? I ended up adding chili oil to the chicken. It was delicious without it but I wanted that heat.  The lo mein was perfectly coated in a super light sauce that was more of an oil than a sauce. Crispy little pieces of duck tossed with crisp cabbage. We could not stop eating it.  Guess there won't be any leftovers after all. 
We loved our meal and I would definitely go back!Absolutely amazing! Please walk in early and make a reservation it is a fairly busy restaurant. Everything we ordered was fantastic! Real fast, efficient and friendly service by our server. Definitely going back!If I could say one thing, and one thing only: finally. But luckily, freedom of speech has a home on Yelp. 
Blue Giant has kept me on the edge of my seat for nearly a year now, but boy is it worth the wait. The only reason I'm awarding four, rather than five, stars is because of the few initial kinks that come with opening week. Aside from the noticeable wait time, BG is exactly the Chinese restaurant New Orleans deserves; reasonable prices, hospitable staff, and excellent flavor all come together under a vibrant blue neon sign (yes, the world did need another one). We ordered nearly 3/4 of the menu, of which highlights include the egg roll, the cucumber salad, and every single thing on the noodles section. 
No fear BG; I will be back.BLUE GIANT WON'T LEAVE YOU BLUE!
We arrived at 7p on a Thursday night and it was an hour wait. Which wasn't bad considering how busy it's been since opening a few weeks ago. We were seated around 8:15p. Everything was great! - however if you can't handle spicy food, this may not be your favorite. Thankfully I'm a huge fan of the SPICES  I'll definitely be returning!I really do not know what to feel for this place... I had such a high expectation for this place as everybody around me raved about how good their food was. I got to try their food for the first time during this quarantine season and I was quite disappointed. 
We tried shrimp wonton, dry chili chicken and mafo tofu. Best one out of three options was Shrimp wonton. Super meaty inside and they got some nice kick to them. I recommend not dipping these into soy sauce as they are already salty. Dry chili was alright but it was almost like slightly less battered chicken nuggets tossed with dry chili and seasoning. It was edible and alright but nothing that blows my mind. As for mafo tofu, whatever I tried was not mafo tofu... those who have had authentic one would already know this but the heart of mafo tofu is Doubanjiang - soy bean paste base. I really did not even taste bean paste flavor in their mafo tofu. On top of that, It came in a plastic soup container and it was so greasy. There was a inch thick grease at the top which we drained before digging in. But overall mafo tofu was really sad. Super disappointed.
I really wanted to like this place... I really do... but I just cannot seem to find myself getting food from there again... if they offered cheap chinese food, I might find it justifiable but food at Blue Giant is not cheap. By the way, every thing in there is so salty somehow. It's extremely/overpowering salty! It's 7:45pm now and I finished the food at around 5 pm yet my mouth is still so salty... even after drinking bunch of water...
Honestly, if you crave Chinese food, just go to Five Happiness or Dian Xin. It hurts to write a negative review but I am just being honest!Honestly, I was skeptical of this place at first. Nearly all of Blue Giant's gestalt is that of a hipster circle jerk, but damn these folks are cooking up some tasty chinese food. I've made two trips here, and it's some of the best Chinese I've had in years. That's saying something, since I'm from New York--which is a thing New Yorkers say, but really and truly it doesn't qualify me in any way as an expert. Highly recommended.Went here for lunch today. The food was good. The restaurant was smaller and they dont take reservations so we had a short wait before we could be seated  ~20 min which wasnt too bad.  We were seated at the bar and our bartender/server Noah was very helpful. He made me a great Pain Killer to start off.  My friend and I split the shrimp wontons. They are topped with a spicy chili which was good but definitely spicy.  First few bites I was okay then I was reaching for my water. For the entree we had the chicken and shrimp fried rice and spicy eggplant. Both were delicious. The rice was very flavorful on it's on, no sauce needed. I love eggplant and it was cooked well and of course spicy. Customer service is top notch. A guy dining next to me ordered a spicy chicken dish and it was so spicy he was turning red the bartender offered to replace the dish without being asked. I cant wait to give back and try other dishes...maybe not the spicy chicken thoughLoved this place!
Blue Giant does not currently take reservations.  We checked in to hostess at 6pm on Friday and were told 90 minute wait.  We passed and came back Saturday at 5:20pm.  We stood in line for 10 minutes and got in for the first seating.  So glad we did.
Shari V and I had an awesome dinner.  We ordered:
Egg roll
Shrimp wontons
Dan dan noodles
Eggplant
Dry chili chicken
and some steamed rice (off menu)
Everything was excellent.  By accident, a majority of our dishes were spicy.  Blue Giant has some dishes which are unapologetically spicy.  For me the shrimp wontons and some bites of the chicken were really hot.  Shari V took them down without a problem.  I suspect it's hard to go wrong with this menu, so I won't make any recommendations, but I can vouch for all the dishes we ordered.
The restaurant was cool.  Nice decor.  Clearly, time and energy went into getting this place exactly how someone wanted.  It's small so limited seating but I like it small and slightly crowded.  The restaurant has an intimate feel with hip vibe.  
Our waiter was such a nice guy.  I have no idea what his name is but he had plenty of tatoos and was extremely attentive and patient with us.  In fact, all the staff we interacted with were nice.  
Blue Giant is one of my new personal favorites.  I recommend without reservation, which reminds me, they don't take reservations.Amazing. The hot and sour soup was incredible. The duck was fantastic, highly recommend.Knew I had to try this place from the pictures alone. I slipped in at 5:30 on a Saturday night and there was already a line! Luckily I snagged a spot at the bar. Would have been worth the wait. I ordered the eggplant and salt and pepper catfish. THEY WERE TO DIE FOR! I have truly never tasted such a savory combination of flavors. Mind you, this food is spicy, but I still ate more than my fill. I recommend washing it all down with their delicious vegan coconut ice cream. The host and waitress I had were extremely friendly as well. Will be coming back on my next visit to NOLA!Great food, rude staff.
Food is amazing! Everything we ate was incredible. The long wait turned out to be shorter which was well worth it considering how delicious everything was. The only downside and why the three stars is that most everyone working there was rude. The bartender, the hostess, and the wait staff (besides our lovely waiter) were all pretty rude and unpleasant. It was obviously busy given its new but the staff made it potentially unwelcoming for any next visit. Hope this improves!Finally checked this place out. Long wait on a Wednesday evening. Ordered the shrimp wantons, dry chili chicken, and dan dan mien. I think the quality of the food is pretty good. As far as taste, the sauce for the shrimp wantons reminded me of laoganma spicy chili crisp with bullhead Chinese bbq sauce. The dry chili chicken is exactly what Szechuan three pepper chicken should taste like, spicy hot with tingly Szechuan peppercorns and dry; it is one of my favorite dishes you can easily find in any Szechuan restaurant in NYC or NJ, but not here in NOLA. BGC version has more chicken meat than most Szechuan places that skimp on the chicken. The dan-dan mien is different from the various versions I've had before, and it is very good, a great twist on a classic and variable dish. I would come back.My sister went here tonight and brought me a few items from there.I have seen and heard so much hype about this place after it opened. "Authentic-style" Chinese food in New Orleans is pretty limited, so it is always exciting to see a new place pop up. Here are my thoughts. 
Salt and Pepper Catfish--a tad bit oily but flavorful.
Spicy Chili Chicken--Not for the faint hearted. This dish is very generous with the szechuan hot peppers. If you can get past some of the spiciness, the this dish is pretty flavorful as well.
Peking Duck--Very good size and the quality of the duck is amazing. The downside was the flavor. It lacked salt and more seasoning. Maybe it just needs to marinade a bit longer. I had to really use a lot of the sauce to pair the duck in the pancake to be able to have some flavor. The lack of flavor was pretty disappointing for a $60 roasted duck, considering how my other dishes were packed with a lot of flavor. 
Nevertheless ,I think that this place has put a lot of heart and soul into a big leap of change to a different style of cuisine. I think some of the dishes just need a little tweaking--they are headed on the right path.
.Yuuuuummmm!!!! We ordered  the crispy chicken and eggplant and both were delicious, spicy, and flavorful!! Loved our order and will definitely be back again.Tried tonight based off the positive talk on Facebook Where Nola Eats. Was hard to get through the phone and busy when picked up so we were hopeful it was as amazing as it seemed. The food was flavorful but it seemed too many spices were used to try to cover up the quality of the food. We got the shrimp wontons, egg rolls, crawfish noodles, and catfish. Everything except the egg rolls were coated in red spices. Normally really enjoy spices when used to enhance flavor but it was too much. That said egg rolls were the best part. The wontons did have nice size meat in it. The crawfish noodles were a little chewy and the container was full of jalapeños (not really Chinese but fusion). The containers were maybe 1/2- 2/3 full, which was disappointing for price. May try again when in person to see if quality improves.Solid chinese food
Incredible crawfish 
Good egg rolls 
Egg foo young unbelievable 
The owner billy whos the chef 
Uber cool fella 
Great placeThese guys rule, food is addictive and service is awesome. Get the Dan Dan noodles and Shrimp wontons and Broccoli and be happyThe only reason there is a 4 vs. 5 here is because they are so new, they're still working out a lot of details. I am hoping their menu expands, because it is mad bantam...but everything I've tried this far has been quality. The space is small, but creates an intimacy between guest and kitchen that harkens to a New York City experience...elevated casual cool. Warning folks...when they say spicy, they are sincere! I'm a professional photog so I don't ever post pics for free online, but here is a shot of their interior and their marinated cabbage salad (drool) because I want to inspire all to check this joint out!Omg! I have been meaning to visit this new restaurant Food is so good here. I enjoyed the dan dan noodles and chicken. The food is really spicy but definitely worth it. I heard the crawfish was good.Blue giant is easily one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. I ate there once at the bar before COVID and it was delightful. Seeing the kitchen in action and smelling all the flavors in air was just amazing. Rose daiquiri is a dream come true and not overly sweet. Since they switched to just take out my boyfriend and I have gotten take out once a week. Dan Dan noodles are an absolute must. Keep up the good work blue giant! Love y'all!The best Chinese food place right around the corner from my Airbnb. A must. The staff is amazing too.I'm so happy we got to eat here. We tried once before and it was crowded (pre-pandemic) and we didn't want to wait. WELL worth the wait. 
We had potstickers, egg drop soup, beef chow fun, salt and pepper catfish and dry chili chicken. It was all amazingly flavorful and delicious.
1. Egg drop soup: usually dull and thickened with corn starch. Not here. Flavorful broth, simple and delicious.
2. Potstickers, nice thin wrappers, great filling, nice and crispy on one side.
3. Beef chow fun, good sauce that didn't feel sticky and flavorful beef.
4. S&P catfish. OMG. The batter on this is so light and crunchy. YUM. Catfish can be kind of bland, but this was anything but.
5. Dry Chili chicken. The star of the evening. Also deep fried, but the batter was also quite light and even crunchier. It'll make good leftovers for lunch today. 
So happy that we have another decent Chinese place.I was really really excited to to try this place. We ordered the dandan noodle, shrimp wonton and the chili chicken ,unfortunately we could not eat it.   I love spicy food but this was on a whole different level, $40.00 latter we didn't eat it, we threw it in the trash.  Very disappointed !This was my first time at Blue Giant Chinese, and my taste buds were not disappointed! The intimate atmosphere was inviting and comfortable. And I loved the open kitchen because I could see what was happening. First, I ordered the egg roll for my appetizer. Then I ordered the dry chili chicken and shrimp fried rice. The chili chicken is not for the weak, so if you can't handle heat don't tempt yourself  But the food was amazing, the quality was A1, and the portion sizes were large enough to share.BLUE GIANT WON'T LEAVE YOU BLUE!
We arrived at 7p on a Thursday night and it was an hour wait. Which wasn't bad considering how busy it's been since opening a few weeks ago. We were seated around 8:15p. Everything was great! - however if you can't handle spicy food, this may not be your favorite. Thankfully I'm a huge fan of the SPICES  I'll definitely be returning!I was SOOOO excited when Blue Giant finally opened recently. Their food as  always never disappoints, the egg drop soup and egg rolls are my absolute fave in the city. But let's talk about their cocktails! I'm a cocktail loving girl and love when some are outside the box...Noah  told me of his Mai Tai 2.0, so of course I had to try it for myself. Ah-mazing! Cayman Reef Barbados Rum and Rhum J.M bump the plain Mai Tai up a notch in flavor and experience.  Highly recommend thee food and beverages!Great prices and lots of items I haven't found elsewhere in NOLA. Nice setting and good service. Will definitely come back and try new things.Absolutely delicious. I knew this place was going to be good so I got a big group together and we ordered just about everything on the menu and all of it was fantastic, by far the best "Chinese" in the city. Like Red's Chinese this is Chinese with a twist and the twist is unbelievable flavors, one after the other. The Hot and Sour soup is the best in the city, its superb and filled with veggies and meat. All the rices, noodles and veggies are great especially the Dan Dan noodles, cucumbers and the eggplant. The entrees are equally scrumptious with the best being a tie between the salt and pepper catfish and the crispy beef. Below are all the dishes I recommend and loved:
appetizers
hot and sour soup
chili oil cucumbers
vegetables
spicy stir fried eggplant
steamed bok choy
rice & noodles
dan dan noodles
duck lo mein
meat
salt and pepper catfish
crispy beef
char siu pork
The service is also outstanding!!!!!!!This place is fire. The food is so delicious, it could literally be our new weekly spot-and were not people who become regulars anywhere since we like to try new things all the time. Such complex flavor profiles, and literally everything on the menu is awesome. The dan dan noodles are one of our faves, but also both the dumplings and wontons are delicious, the broccoli is the best vegetable I've ever put in my mouth. Eggplant is good and quite spicy, and both egg drop and hot&spicy soups are a warm delight. No reservations, so the wait kind of stinks, but the service is efficient so people move in and out quickly.This was the best Peking Duck I have ever had. Julie was chill and made us feel like Chinese royalty on a Friday night in ShanghaiI've been to BG twice. This most recent time, I just ordered two eggs rolls (because they're awesome and I was walking by). The guy who took my order was super nice and communicative. BG had a velvet rope set-up to clearly (and kindly) indicate how close you could get. 
The guy was wearing gloves and had a mask on. I know a lot of people (and restaurants) aren't taking this virus seriously, but I work in healthcare and I've seen what it does to people of all ages. It ain't pretty. And it ain't worth an egg roll (no matter how good). So thanks BG for taking care of your employees and your customers. And thanks for making great food.The menu looks to have prices that are in line with other area Chinese restaurants at first with the exceptions of the drinks which are at $3.00 (and they also didn't have any hot or iced tea available yet which is very un-Chinese).  My Eggdrop soup was good but they had already put the crunchy wontons in it which had gotten soggy and I generally don't like to have those in my soup anyway so it would be better if they left those on the side for my taste.  The Shrimp Wontons had a good taste but were a bit of a small portion for the price on the menu but... they had the wrong price listed so it was a decent deal for $8 instead of $10.  The Dry Chili Chicken seemed to be a really small serving size for dinner and it didn't even come with rice (maybe they forgot to bring it?) so that made this dish not very competitive with other area Chinese options.  Fried rice is much more expensive here than at other area joints so I'm not sure if you have to order the rice separately for the higher price or if should come with an entree?
Overall this place is brand new and just getting up and started so hiccups should be expected.  The menu is still very concise for the moment and they plan to add combos for lunch starting later in the week.  It was quite crowded during my dinner visit like many new places tend to be when first opening so it will be interesting to see how this restaurant develops.  Service was 5 stars but the food I had was certainly more of 3 star experience and the prices certainly made it much less of a value for the quantity along with the lack of rice or other items being included with dinner entrees.  There are a lot of Chinese options in the area so hopefully this place can find their niche and get their secret sauce worked out.Spent my birthday dinner with my family here last night. First timer and it was so good.  They are taking Covid precautions very serious and it made me feel very comfortable.  The vibe was hip and funky.  I was with my family but it would make a great date night place. Appetizers were the pork dumplings, spicy cucumbers and spicy cabbage. Very spicy and so good.  Every entree we had was so delicious- Dan Dan noodles, crispy beef, fried rice, mandarin crispy chicken were all very very good. The food fresh and full of flavor. The service was perfect. Our waitress was so attentive and accommodating. I can't wait to go back!Super disappointed. I've seen such hype about this place so i was excited to be able to try it tonight . 
The crispy beef was really good. 
The fried rice was super bland.
The Dan dan noodles were too spicy and oily
Our drinks were flat
Service was super slow
I also felt like i was at Waffle House the way they bring one item out at a time.. (we had my husbands entree 30 min before the fried rice. )
Nice place, ambience is cool. But highly over rated.Came here because I am a big a fan of all things dumplings and wontons. However was quickly disappointed by the food we ordered. 
1.) Shrimp Wontons: I loved the spice that it gave from the chili oil and the slight crunch from the peanuts! This dish was pretty good and the shrimp tasted fresh 
2.) Shrimp and Pork Dumplings: it LOOKS aesthetically pleasing and had a big CRUNCH to it but where it lacked was the flavor!! I felt like i had to dunk my dumplings in spicy soy sauce to get any flavor 
3.)Egg Drop soup (not pictured): unless you like soggy wonton chips in the soup, ask for it on the side because they automatically put it in! The soup was very mediocre.
4.) Stir Fry Broccoli - this was really good! It had a nice Smokey flavor, a bit of a kick of sour here and there from something in the sauce, it can get a bit salty eating it without riceThis restaurant is the perfect in-between of authentic Chinese food, and more americanized take-out style chinese. Came here to try some of the dishes and I was not disappointed!
I came here on a Friday for lunch and it was not too long of a wait. The atmosphere was lively, and our server had a positive friendly vibe.
My friends and I ordered three dishes: the dan dan noodles, the dried eggplant, and the dry chili chicken.
The dan dan noodles were tasty and hot! The noodles were interesting as they were cut into short bits, so it was easier to eat than regular uncut noodles. The dry fried eggplant was well flavored and had a stronger tanginess to it that I haven't tasted in most Sichuan-style eggplant dishes. The dried chili chicken was crispy and had some kick to it from the peppers, would order again! I also had a bite of the beef chow fun, and this was my least favorite dish, as I found it wayyy too salty.  Overall, the experience was great, and I will definitely go back here once restaurants are open again to try the other appetizers and mains, and of course the coconut ice cream!Went here right after it opened at 5:40pm and it was packed so we sat at the bar.  The bartenders were pretty great and provided prompt service. The mapo tofu is WAY SPICY so don't get it unless you liike a TON of spice. It was too much so I ordered something else. Pretty pricey for small but really tasty portions. Ice cream was lovely as well as the pork dumpling app.Great atmosphere, Favorite dishes are the Dry Chili Chicken, Crispy Beef, Shrimp Wontons, Pot stickers, and the duck. Docking off a couple stars because it's dine in only and I much prefer my Chinese food to-go so that I can scarf it down in the privacy of my own home...In one month we've been to Blue Giant 3 times and it's ONLY because we need to restrain ourselves from spending all of our money in one place. We've learned a couple things from our steady attendance, here's what:
- The spice level of the Dan Dan Noodles has come down significantly. Maybe the chef had an accidental heavy hand the first time or maybe they decided not to light our mouths on fire anymore, I don't know. Not a complaint or reason to rejoice, just an observation. If you came here previously and it was too spicy, give it another shot. 
- The spice level of the shrimp wontons might be dependent on whoever is cooking them. The first time we had them they were spicy, the second time we had them they were mild, and the third time was nearing Dan Dan level. Again, not a complaint, just an observation. 
- The specials, y'all. Whatever they are, just get them. We were lucky enough to catch the Duck Lo Mein after an undersold Peking Duck night and it was incredible. Same wheat noodles as the Dan Dan but covered in oily, slippery duck fat- we could've easily eaten 3 of these. 
- The Scallop Egg Foo Young is still my favorite main on the menu, but I have 3 others left to try (Mapo Tofu, Peking Duck, Salt and Pepper Catfish). The other things are great but the SEFY is probably the most unique taste.
- The folks at the door are incredibly nice, friendly, and patient. If you're running late for your reservation just keep them informed and they'll likely hold your table. 
Every friend we've brought here has loved it and will probably add to the reservation time but anything to keep these guys in business, even if they have to be shared with the rest of the city.The food was amazing. The Hot and Sour Soup and Honey Roasted Half Chicken were definitely the highlights. We also got the Dan Dan noodles, potstickers and egg rolls and everything was perfect.Loved the frozen cocktails and the Dan Dan noodles. Fire egg rolls! Oh and the crispy beef entree was rollin!Delicious!!! Everything we ordered was great, we even shared our dishes with each other so we could try everything. The waitresses were attentive and friendly, gave us good service. We had a nice conversation with the owner after our meal- very friendly guy. Our daughter was visiting from CA and this was the favorite restaurant of her trip!!Probably my favorite restaurant in the city..... everything I have ordered over my many trips here has been amazing! A must try.Hooooo boy, this place is wonderful. Started with the pan fried shrimp and pork dumplings... Amazing (and what a cool way to prepare/plate it). Then I ordered the beef chow fun (baller) and wife got the dry chili chicken (dope). We were warned about the spice - and it certainly IS spicy - but the flavor is also excellent. Last, and absolutely not least, we finished things with the coconut ice cream (DAMN). Not really a dessert guy, but that shit slapped. We'll be back for everything else. Damn (again). Bonus was getting to see the chef/owner step in and expo for a few minutes toward the end of the evening. It's clear he demands perfection, and you can taste it in the food.Food was excellent! We got the chili oil cucumbers, egg roll, fried dumplings, dry chili chicken and combination fried rice. Warning the dry chili chicken is a bitt spicy so if you don't like spice then not the dish for you. Also, the egg roll was good but could have done without it compared to everything else. (It's was really greasy) but everything else was delicious and we will be back!!We're from out of town but this was towards the top of my list to try. Went on a Wednesday at 1:30 and were immediately seated. Was not disappointed. We started with the chili oil cucumbers...  totally addictive!  Then we had the egg foo yung and broccoli side. Highly recommend ordering the broccoli!Definitely my new favorite restaurant! I've tried almost everything off their menu everything is great just go! Put your name on the waitlist and grab a drink or two at Claret next door. Enjoy!Dining in is a great experience, I had crispy chicke and broccoli and loved everything. Take out however is lackluster. First of all, they don't offer their full menu on take out, not sure why but my fav dishes were omitted. Also the portions at the restaurant are generous, but my takeout containers (typical Chinese takeout white boxes) were like 75% full, and for the same price I expect the same generous amount. Not worth the money for takeout but if you dine in you'll be blown awayWe got here a few minutes before 530 when they opened or dinner on Saturday. We got right behind the line and were able to grab seats at the bar. The place is tiny so be prepared to wait or come at a good time. The flavors here are wonderful, except for the shrimp and pork dumplings which you should pass on. Couldn't put out my finger out what herb was in it but it was overpowering. My favorites were the chili cucumbers, shrimp wontons, hot and sour soup, and the DAN DAN noodles. This was one of the best noodle dishes I've ever had. Be careful here if you don't do spicy food. Unfortunately I can't handle spice well and half the menu is hot. The service at the bar was great and I will be back to try more dishes!We visited this place because it's new and hot and there was a wait for lunch on a Friday. While the food was tasty it was soooooo greasy and salty.  They need to watch the oil they put, felt like they just kept dumping it and dumping it in our food. I guess they think it will taste better but I felt like I needed to wash my face after my meal.   The drinks were on point and very good as was the service.  But for the price, it's not cheap at all, I wanted to love it more.  I felt like I could get better Chinese with a more reasonable price tag if I want that much salt/oil.I decided to try this place out on a rainy weekday. I ended parking a block away.  I got to the restaurant 30 minutes after they opened & the place was already full.  I was immediately seated at the bar so surprisingly no wait at all.  Now I have a Yelp collection called "Places to Try" and this restaurant had been on there for quite some time.   If done all the research, read all multiple reviews.  I knew what I wanted before I stepped through the door.  I ordered the Shrimp wontons as my started & the Dry Chicken Chili for my entre.  The bartender asked, "Do you like spicy food? It's spicy.". I said, "Yes.". My wontons arrived a few movies after I ordered and so did two really nice ladies. They say to me right.  They asked me what's good here. SEE. I was prepared.  Research!!! Lol. So I discussed with them and we began to nerd out about other restaurants.  My chicken arrived. This lady to my left hand me a warning to eat slow & drink water.  The bartender have his final warning, "Make sure you eat the rice to cool it down." Now I was nervous. Just how spicy is this chicken? Turns out very lol. My stomach is still warm as I write this & it's been at least 30 minutes since my last bite.  The chicken was fried hard to perfection, the peppers & rice complimented the chicken so well. I plan to come back to this place & work my way through the menu.I've just found my new addiction! The egg rolls are to die for and the Dan Dan Street noodles are the best noodles I've ever had (if you like spice).  Great atmosphere and great service paired with excellent food! I'm sure this place will be around for a long time.We decided to do takeout here to support a local biz during COVID. I'll allow that takeout is trickier than dining in, but every dish was so.damn.spicy that we couldn't eat it. I really wanted this place to be awesome as its in our hood and we need a good Chinese option. What a disappointment. We are locals and do spice, but this was insane. That said, servings were generous and we had beaucoup leftovers... in part cause we couldn't eat it. whoever was cooking was waaaay too liberal with the red pepper flakes, it was not comfortable to eat. We might try again sometime.I have ordered from Blue Giant during quarantine so many times! Yes, it's hard to get through sometimes, just keep calling. Finally tried the spicy Szechuan crawfish and they did not disappoint. Incredible heat and depth of flavor! The Dan Dan noodles are a favorite- although I did notice, as other reviewers have, that the portion size has decreased dramatically since my last order. Disappointing, especially when I look forward to them so much.We waited in line for two hours for bar seating which was not pleasant lol, but can say I'm really glad we did. 
Everything was so flavorful and fresh. Lots of traditional Chinese flavors im not really use to tasting at American-Chinese places. We got: 
Egg roll - Hands down the best egg roll of my life. It was so juicy And flavorful - like no other egg roll I've had! 
Dumplings - good dumplings. A little more bland and had a flavor I couldn't distinguish. But they're good! 
Dry chili chicken - AMAZING! This and a lot of their menu is schezuan inspired so it is SPICY but it had a great flavor even without the spice. It was a very weird hear though - it slowly builds and has a tingly feeling. Not sure what caused this but it was bizarre. Only complaint here is I wish they put more per order. 
Eggplant - a very underrated dish! The eggplant is a perfect texture and the flavor is amazing. Would absolutely eat a whole bowl of it. 
Beef chow fun - really good and mild compared to the rest. Beef had a GREAT flavors but the noodles flavor left something to be desired. Liked it overall but wouldn't get it as my main dish. 
Only complaints is I wish they gave some rice with it like people usually do ... or at least offered it as an option 
These guys seemed to really do they're due diligence with making American Chinese foods and being attentive to the flavors and techniques of traditional Chinese food. You can tell there was a lot of care and respect put into this even though they weren't from the culture -- which I think I had reservations about initially.My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out because we had seen it in passing many times. I was really looking forward to the food. We had ordered takeout. I ordered the hot and sour soup and the bok Choy with oyster sauce. My boyfriend ordered the dry chili chicken. The hot and sour soup and bok choy were sub par especially for the price point. The dry chili chicken was actually very flavorful and quite spicy. But with two items (the chicken and bok choy) only one small tub of rice was provided. I was underwhelmed by the flavors and amount of food given and would probably not come back. Blue Giant has a good atmosphere from what I could see but I was disappointed in general.You ain't never had a Chinese dish like you get at Blue Giant! You will recognize the name of the dish, but you will be astounded at the presentation and taste when it's served. This is NOT your regular chow mein restaurant - these dishes are each extraordinary with unique flavors and textures, literally invented by the chef. and the staff are terrific - friendly and accommodating. You will love this restaurant and will return often.THE HYPE IS REAL. Seriously. The best Chinese food I have ever had. I know what you're the thinking-- don't all egg rolls taste the same? The answer is no. This is the best egg roll I have ever had in my life, and that says a lot coming from an egg roll aficionado such as myself. The flavors in each dish were amazing. You can tell that so much thought and love was put into every detail from the food to the decor. My favorite dish was the beef chow fun, but seriously everything is amazing. Bill, the owner, was going around chatting with his customers and serving food. I can't wait to go back to enjoy great food and a wonderful family atmosphere. If you haven't made your way to Blue Giant yet, you are missing out on a great experience.Well, I had heard really good things about this restaurant but must say I was very disappointed.  We got hot and sour soup.  Very small portion but, that's ok because it was too spicy hot to eat.  Literally.  The spicy eggplant also super hot, laced with hot chili peppers.   The chow fun noodles were tasty (after you picked out the many red hot peppers that were chopped in small tiny pieces). The meat in the chow fun was inedible.  So tough and stringy. The portions were very small so the meal was way overpriced and it did not include even a small single portion of rice which is usually standard at any Chinese restaurant I have ever been to.  The fortune cookies we're good, though.Only been open for a short while but  the staff seems to work together really well which resulted in a fantastic food experience during our lunch visit.
Highly recommend:
Hot & Sour Soup
Mixed Fried Rice
Dry Chili Chicken (if you like spicy this is for you)
Dumplings
Will be back, just like the fortune cookie foretells.
Caveat: They're new and you're likely to have a bit of a wait to be seated so plan accordingly.  Benches were available outside to wait.New Orleans, you've done it. I've been waiting SO LONG for good Asian food (not Vietnamese, we know you've nailed that) that's not Cajun/Creole fusion and is freshly prepared. Blue Giant is it. 
On our menu:
Shrimp and Pork dumplings: Flakey, crispy, and filled with a generous portion of meat. Arrived in the traditional mass where each dumpling had to be broken apart with chop sticks- just as they should be! 
Shrimp Wontons: Chewy, spicy, perfectly flavored wontons. The dough was so fresh and the (5-spice?) crunchy sprinkling on top was the perfect match for the texture. 
Dan Dan Noodles: Sooooo good but SO hot! We ended up bringing it home so that we could save our tongues for the rest of our meal. 
Scallop Egg Foo Young: oh my god. The flavor of this is out of control. Imagine that you could juice seared scallops and use the juice to pour over an onion/scallion/scallop scramble with a couple of eggs. However that could be done is what you have here. We could've easily downed two orders.
Egg Roll: Couldn't leave without trying it because we had room and it was only $3. Very meaty, didn't come with a sauce which I found odd because everything else did. 
Coconut Ice Cream: used to soothe our tongues after the Dan Dan Noodles. Creamy, smooth texture with toasted coconut IN the ice cream. Two scoops- perfect for what we intended.
My personal favorites were the shrimp wontons, Dan Dan noodles, and scallop egg foo young- I'm convinced you can't find anything like in the city and for that alone it's worth it. They're amazingly delicious, too. My only gripe with the noodles is that I wish I would've gotten a friendly couple of chili peppers on the menu. I was prepared for one but not 2-3. Also, everything comes out REALLY fast. We had all of our food in 40 minutes. So, don't plan on hanging for a long time OR plan on having a bunch of drinks (the pain killa was delicious). 
Our pro-tip is to give them a call before heading over there to see how long the wait is. We were lucky enough to walk in and be seated but we've heard the waits can be insane. If they are, go across the street to Barrel Proof or down to Bakery Bar to kill time- it's worth it.Really good date night spot or a place to have a fun dinner with friends. 
The decor/vibe reminds me of NYC. It's very sexy, cool, and the lighting is great. 
It's not traditional "Chinese" so don't expect lo mein or sesame chicken. It's a fun twist on American Chinese and whatever it is... it's delicious.
Definitely start out with an egg roll.... And use all 3 sauces they give you. 
Dan Dan noodles are A+
Along with the chilli rubbed chickenThis review comes after dining fairly consistently at this establishment for over a year. I moved to New Orleans in March 2020 and frequently ordered take out. The food was great from the shrimp wontons, to the salt and pepper catfish, to the Szechuan style crawfish. The host at the time was always fabulous, and he always remembered me and my husband. Unfortunately, I have seen this establishment wane in both service and quality of food. The last time I visited there, the hostess was quite rude and made a huge stink about my standing in the lobby to get my to go order. There were literally four other patrons in the restaurant.... A couple that was seated, a gentleman at the register paying for his takeout and one other person. She rudely told me to wait outside.  I asked the gentleman assisting with the check out because the restaurant was not nearly at the capacity listed at the time, and all he kept saying was it was for everyone's safety.  I'm all about safety, but the way in which they handled/mismanaged everything just seemed very pretentious and overly exaggerated. To top it off, the food was not good anymore. It was overly salted and drenched in oil. I had contemplated giving them another chance since my initial experiences were good in hopes to see some positive changes, but I have not returned to the establishment...that last experience just left a poor taste in my mouth. Now I understand that they are not taking takeout orders anymore, which will keep me from ever going back here. How does a restaurant plead with customers to patronize them during a pandemic in an effort to save jobs, and now all of a sudden says that they no longer offer takeout because the restaurant is seating at 75% capacity? This sounds highly suspicious, and I believe there might be other reasons they are not sharing, but either way since this is the reason they're saying they no longer offer takeout service, I think it's an insult to all patrons who supported them during this very difficult pandemic.  So what about people who want to maintain their distance and eat Chinese takeout at home...what happened to  'everyone's safety'? Not to mention isn't it a cardinal rule of Chinese restaurants...offering takeout? Now I guess they feel patron's safety is no longer important and are requiring dine in only... Hilarious.  This is not a recipe for longevity in this industry...shameful.All these rating from people whom rarely get to eat from an actual Chinese restaurant. We had mapo tofu with beef the bowl came out super small like a one person soup bowl for $15 . It's wasn't even that good the tofu had a weird texture not even soft . A bit chewy . 
We call chili chicken it was good but also small portion , I like it but it's over price for that small portion . The rice taste like raw rice , I couldn't swallow it even with soup in it . It's so hard . 
A special chicken that look like bake chicken $18 was plain . I like the server that's about it . 
I would rather go Wei dao or little china town in Kenner .I love Blue Giant so much!!! Their dry chili chicken is fire and their duck lo mein is the besttttttt! We also tried the shrimp wontons and I give them a solid 10/10. My bf and I love Szechuan flavors and Blue Giant does it the best in Nola. Thank you for existing.This spot has that cool, hipster vibe - cranking out well executed traditional Chinese / Sichuan fare. It's a small spot so call ahead if you've not made a reservation. The host was awesome and let us know what was available. Service is amazing from start to finish. The waitress came by right away to get our drink orders and held back when we needed more time.
A good date spot to share a couple of dishes. The Beef Chow fun dish is what you'd expect - not greasy  but a nice sheen of dark soy sauciness goodness. The dry chicken chili has a different spin - a fried cornstarch batter that I'd not seen before in this dish. It reminds me of Chicken Karaage with lots of chilis and cilantro. You'll end the meal with fortune cookie!First, I will say that I appreciate the bold flavors attempted, but overall, the food lacked depth of flavor.  The hot and sour soup was just heat and bamboo flavor.  While my tolerance for heat is quite high and I could actually eat it, I would venture to say that most people would not have been able to.  Further, it only tasted like bamboo and I was looking for more flavors.  The blue crab rangoons were tasty but unfortunately did not totally survive the short trip to my house upon pickup, and were soggy.  I loved the ton of garlic and spices in the dry chili chicken but the flavors were overpowered by the amount of heat in the dish.  All you could taste was chili pepper.  I wish the flavors were enhanced by the heat and not annihilated by it.  Finally, I think the portioning and pricing are a little aggressive, especially when the cost of table service is not built in.  In other words, it's pretty pricey for what you get.Oh mannnn this was amazing! So glad they are doing takeout right now. I was in a snacks mood so ordered the orange chicken wings, shrimp wontons, blue crab Rangoon and salt n pepper catfish and every item was excellent. The blue crab in the rangoons was fresh and there was a good amount of crab inside. That mala crisp on the wontons was a perfect tingle and the salt n pepper catfish was flavorful, with browned onion and jalepeno. I wasn't sure about the wings at first bc I thought they might be too sweet but they were perfect and the sliced Fresno chilies on top were a thoughtful addition that paired perfectly with the slightly sticky orangey glaze. Most definitely going back! Oh and get the rose mint tea daiquiri