Best BBQ spot in the city....no question!They embody "New Orleans Style" BBQ (I think they are NOLA BBQ). 
Great happy hour! The wings are the best in the city in my opinion. The nachos never disappoint. 
The one thing that sets them apart from any other BBQ experience is their staffs ability to think outside the box. They have created unique sandwiches with funky names.Little difficult to find but worth the visit. Their meats are delicious. Prices are a bit more expensive than I expected but definitely worth it. 
Order the Mac and cheese!Great food! Fast service! Love the take out option or eating at the bar while bands play.At this point this is the best bbq in the city. Unlike most bbq places that have one good meat and so so bad ones all of the meat here I have tried has been exceptional. So far I have tried the brisket, ribs and pulled pork each were tender, juicy and full of flavor. I have not yet tried the chicken or the sausage though both look good too. What sets the place apart are the sides, the potato salad is excellent, the beans are excellent they also have a special side of the day and a free soup of the day when checking in on yelp. This is now my go-to bbq spot and it doesnt hurt that its close to my house.They have decent music,however during our short meal,they also had some technical glitchesFood was as unhealthy as it could get,but it was tasty enough to be almost worthy this additional fat.Still,very limited menu.Heading out to try some of the local restaurants.  Our uber driver recommended this place.  Incredible food.  I had the ribs and the grilled Brussel Sprouts.   The rib meat just falls off the bone.  The Brussel Sprouts were even better.   Grilled with a glaze that made them the best I have ever had. 
My dad and brother were equally happy with their choices.   
This place is busy, but the service is fast and there is lots of food.   I will never return to New Orleans without making a stop here.   This place is a must!!!I had a horrible experience with Postmates about this restaurant which the management fixed when we called with our concerns. Thank you Patrick for your superior customer service experience, I will definitely make it a point to dine in next time.Great food. Had a little of everything. The Brisket and sausage were top hits for the meats and the grilled brussel sprouts were tops for sides. The place is inside of a great bar with live music almost every night. Worth a visit even if your just visiting New Orleans for vacation. Its right of the canal st Trolley.Whoa. Okay, I just ate here for lunch today and I couldn't wait- I had to review ASAP.
So, I had tried Blue Oak ages and ages ago when it was at Chickie Wah Wah. This was in my baby Yelp days and I wasn't even sure of the name of the place that produced this delicious BBQ (at the time). Fast forward to today when I was determined to get back to Blue Oak and try it again.
We stopped in a little before 2 and there was still a good lunch crowd and a line, so we hopped in and looked over the menu. Super bummer: they were out of brisket, but yay, there's a meatloaf sandwich on the menu today, so my buddy got that. I got the pulled pork sandwich and garlic mac and cheese because I am predictable. After a short wait, the food arrived and the waitress told my friend that the meat loaf sandwich he got is the best thing on the menu. No comment was made about my pulled pork. haha
ANYWAY, the pulled pork sandwich comes topped with pickles and cole slaw. I don't want to go telling any tales, but I think I might prefer Blue Oak's pulled pork over The Joint's- it was smokey and so full of flavor. I added a touch of sauce and it really made it pop. And the mac and cheese...um...GOOD LORD. This is some of the best mac and cheese I have ever had- it was garlicky and gooey and perfect. The entire meal was mind blowing and it made for the perfect lunch.
I would be interested in hearing what other fans of The Joint think about the food here. I think it is REALLY close to being better, y'all. I will have to try it again to make a final decision and then again just to be on the safe side...for research.We ordered a two meat plate and some wings. They were out of ribs at 8:20 on a Saturday night. Wings came out hot, plump, moist  and tastey. Both the pulled pork and  brisket were well smoked and very good as were the sides. The portions, however left something to be desired. That includes the sides. At least fill the small styrofoam cup. Maybe they were running out of those meats too. We will give them another shot but not a four or four and a half star experience this time.Really good barbecue, really cool vibe.  Owner is down to earth and friendly.  We had the pulled pork sandwich with Mac and cheese and the brisket tacos with Brussel sprouts. Both were great.  
Bonus: very good ice cold sprite! One of the best in nola.Shari V and I hit up Blue Oak BBQ for an early dinner.  We picked up.  Strangely, they don't take orders over the phone, so we drove there, ordered for pickup and left.  Ultimately, it was totally painless.  Commute took like 5 times longer than the food.  Service was prompt, but we were picking up at 6:15, so it's not like they were slammed.  
First, let me say that the taxes are already included on the menu prices.  So we got three things, each $14 a pop.  I loved it.  Bill was 42 bucks.  Predictable, right?  Why more places don't do this, I have no idea.  
Food was a hit.  So Blue Oak may have just unseated our previously reigning BBQ champ -The Joint.  It's hard to compare the pulled pork sandwiches of both.  Blue Oak and the Joint make very different sandwiches.  Blue Oak had theirs loaded down with pork, pork sausage and slaw.  Excellent.  It was huge, and I ate every bite except one.  I saved one of the choice center bites for Shari V.  I also ordered a half rack of ribs. This I can directly compare to The Joint, and Blue Oak's were roundly better IMHO.  Well seasoned.  Meat fell of the bone.  I barely needed BBQ sauce.  But I love BBQ sauce, so I did use some.  That's beside the point.  Point is, the ribs stand alone and are delicious.
Very solid sides.  We had mac-n-cheese, potato salad and jalapeno grits.  The jalepeno grits were awesome.  Don't get your heart set yet.  That was the side of the day.  
Blue Oak BBQ was a total hit. I think we found our new frontrunner for BBQ.  We will definitely repeat.Came here for lunch Saturday.  We ordered the nachos for an appetizer.  Not enough meat on them.  My sil and I split the brisket platter with mac and cheese and Brussels sprouts.  The brisket was okay.  A little fatty.  I was not a fan of the garlic mac and cheese.  I thought it was too strong of a flavor.  Brussels sprouts were okay if they came out hot.  This actual facility is too small and hot.  The seating is just awful.  Not a fan.New Orleans is really not known for BBQ but this place can rival the boys in Memphis. I like the brisket, ribs, pulled pork, and the beef jerky. The Brussels sprouts and beans are the best.Oh. My. God. The brisket was amazing! We were visiting New Orleans for a conference and wanted to try something different, having heard that NOLA had good BBQ. I found this place and we swung by to try it out on our last night. First, the building gives no indication that there's a bbq place inside: the outside says "Chickie Wow Wow" or something. The window for Blue Oak is right inside and you can sit anywhere in the bar (and order a fabulous local beer). I had the brisket and baked beans and nearly died it was so good! There was also an awesome piano player there that night. What a great, fun experience!!I have been to The joint, been to the Shed, and been to a couple of other wanna be BBQ places in Nola, however, Blue Oak takes the cake. I feel that good BBQ is hard to come by these days and the best ones of the little hide aways that maybe everyone doesn't quite know about yet. To start we have the Shrimp Tacos, delived eggs (BEST I HAVE EVER HAD...including my own) and the BBQ Nachos. The shrimp tacos I have been craving since I was there two days ago. And the nachos were bursting with flavor! I then had the brisket platter. The flavor and texture of the brisket was on point! They bark of the brisket had such an amazing flavor and then I learned how long they smoke everything for and realized they put so much time into making the flavors what they are that it's impossible for anything they serve not to be good. I could tell these guys really cared about the quality of their product and that alone put theme far above any other BBQ establishment that I have been to recently. Love this place, love what they are doing, and to the guy a couple of reviews below me who said not to tip these guys, shame on you. If you can't afford to tip, stay at home.As I was leaving New Orleans the last time I was here, my eyes were widened to see, at least to me, a brand new BBQ place.  I made a note that's where I'm going next time when I'm here.
My first taste was not good because my sweet tea was sour.  But I told the cashier and they had it fixed within 5 minutes.  So that part all worked out.
The atmosphere is definitely more of a dive/bar and outside seating available.  There is no waiter but someone does clean the tables.  I love their slogan - vegan free since 2012.  Haha
I went with the 2 meat combo.  I tell you what - this BBQ had a great taste - tender, juicy, good seasoning, mixed well with sauces, you name it had it.  
My sides were the roasted garlic mac and cheese and with that name you thought you would get something special.  It was good but nothing spectacular. Potato salad was different as it was made from red potatoes, Cajun spices, and celery.  I hate celery. If it wasn't for the celery, it would have been really good.
The sauces were fantastic ! 3 sauces - house which was a tomatoey vinegar, sweet Carolina vinegar, and jerk - which you won't find anywhere else.  The house and jerk were impressive while the Carolina needed a little more spice to it.  I had a few drops that tasted close to water.
Blue Oak has a big problem though....they are STINGY with their meat! I was so disappointed when I saw the portion size of my meat.  I paid $16 and all I got were 2 small ribs and one fat piece of brisket. I have to admit, it's hard to beat the taste of their BBQ. But I have been to countless BBQ places that have given you more for less.  I almost considered going back to the counter and saying, "Where's the meat?" 
The BBQ and sauces had a wonderful taste, and the sides were pretty good.  But for what I paid and what I received, will make me think twice about coming back.Thankfully they came by our office with fliers  otherwise I would never know about this gem. 
Tried: pork platter with Mac n cheese and brussel sprouts, egg rolls, pork and black eyed pea chili, jerk BBQ wings and lost boy sandwich. Absolutely no complaints about anything. It was all delicious. 
I'm always a little skeptical of places that have 5 stars and always expect it won't be as good as everyone says, but this was deliciously amazing. 
Happy hour wing price is fantastic. 
Just be careful what time you go because if you stay too late you might have to pay a cover charge as bands play here 6 nights a week.First night in New Orleans. Decided to get take out from Blue Oak. The food was just wow. Had a 2 meat platter, pork ribs and chicken. Pork was just done right. Also got their Cheese sandwich. Really really awesome. Best Brussels sprouts I've eaten ever. Mac and cheese was great too. All that for $21. Think I will eat here again before we leave New OrleansI like the proliferation of BBQ joints blooming in New Orleans.  Each one with their own neighborhood take.  I like this neighborhood and I like Blue Oak's take on it, too.  Cafeteria-style works for the quick service.  The menu is very straight forward, too.  I like the inside / outside option to eating space.  Beef brisket is the way to go in this joint.  And greens.  Barq's Root Beer goes with everything.  When I'm playing around Bayou St. John, this is a go-to for a quick sandwich!No cons, all delicious.
Let's talk about a great little place with a family feel and finger licking good food.
The owners seem to be passionate about the culinary side of a nightly entertainment venue, and it sure comes out in their food.
Hearty pulled pork and brisket that melts in your mouth, some bomb brussels sprouts, strong cup of mac, flash fried wings and a grilled cheese that had so much flavor we weren't sure the toasted bread could withhold it all. 
Check out schedule for nights with entertainment but honestly any night at Chickie Wah Wah is a win. 
Thank you guys for a great night,
Los Angeles FamilyI ordered the brisket which was priced at $14.  If you like your meat to be 1/3 fat and swimming in grease you will love this place.  Also, if you never cared for brussels sprouts go ahead and try them here.  You will never be able to guess what they are because they are charred and swim in the same mounds of grease as the brisket.  I must say they are really unique!BUYER BEWARE!!!!! 
If you order on Postmates or UberEats STAY AWAY. In fact all consumers should stay away due to this injustice. 
Let me give you some background: For a fee through Postmates, Postmates drivers walk into Blue Oak, wait in line, order food on your behalf, pay, leave, and deliver it to you. BUT, when Blue Oak sees the Postmates credit card, they automatically tack on a 20% gratuity tip. Do not get me wrong, I have been a server for years and ALWAYS tip to-go orders when I see fit; however, for Blue Oak to add 20% to an order without the buyer's consent is WRONG.
I called Blue Oak and spoke to the manager (Nina maybe?) and she told me that Blue Oak finds the Postmates drivers to be rude. That's fine! I get it! Postmates drivers can probably be rude! But does Blue Oak charge every rude customer 20% extra? When I asked her if she found it wrong to charge an unknowing consumer (me) 20% more because Blue Oak finds the drivers to be rude she said: "well the owners and I don't mind.. we make more tips"
In the end, as a consumer, I pay Postmates to order and deliver my food on my behalf; Blue Oak has ZERO right to charge me 20% more for a service that does not affect their business whatsoever.AMAZING! Definitely order the brisket and Brussels sprouts. The brisket MELTS in your mouth! We also had a special of spicy beans and rice which was tasty. Limited indoor seating, but cute patio with lots more space. This is my new go-to for bbq!I'm from Texas so was this place the best BBQ I've ever had? No, BUT it's by far the best BBQ I've had while living in New Orleans so I think it is still worthy of 5 stars.  I had the pulled pork plate with mac & cheese and the brussels sprouts and my boyfriend had the 2 meat plate with brisket and sausage, the mac & cheese and potato salad.   The potato salad wasn't very good in our opinion but the other sides were delicious. The mac & cheese were creamy with a light bread crumb topping, which gave it some extra texture.  The pulled port was really good and we both agreed that it was the best tasting meat of what we had overall.  The sausage was a little spicy but not bad.  This is a gem of a restaurant and I would go back.Finally real BBQ in Nola!  Nice to see someone take pride in their juicy meat. Best wings in town!The family and I stopped by on a Sunday at about 11:30.
The line was short and we managed to get a table inside.
The food came quickly and was very good.
I especially enjoyed the brisket and the Brussel sprouts.
The space is small, but there is seating outside.
We would return.Extremely good BBQ!  Brisket is perfect.  Great bark, fat rendered, great smoke.  Sausage is awesome as well.  Highly recommended.I don't 5 star many places but this one was absolutely worth it! We were in New Orleans celebrating a dear friend's Mother's birthday and were actually en route to another barbecue place when I came across this spot on Yelp and after seeing how many reviews they had and still maintained a 4.5 star rating I suggested we try this place instead...well let me tell you they met and exceeded our expectations! 
I had the 3 meat combo with sliced brisket, chicken, and pulled pork, red skin potato salad, and mac and cheese...my friend had the ribs, potato salad and mac and cheese...everything was phenomenal! The dry rub was excellent, I never had skinless chicken that still had a crunch to it from the caramelization of the rub. They also had several different BBQ sauces to try from including their own house blend, a vinegary Carolina sauce, and a spicy Jerk style to name just what was on our table. Not to mention the customer service was top notch, they were patient with us out-of-towners, and everyone was just amazingly friendly and nice, they even remembered us when my friends Mom who was celebrating her birthday insisted we go back the next day for lunch... I recommend this place to anyone in the New Orleans area looking for good barbecue and a good atmosphere!Really enjoyed the brisket, the mac and cheese, and the cheese grits. The sauces were also good.  The sausage was fair at best. 
Place was packed when we were there which makes it a tight fit, unless you want to eat outside.Decided to give this place a try. Food is good; particularly at  Happy Hour prices. We had wings & nachos which were delicious. Inside feels more like a take out restaurant. Tables inside  are placed a bit awkwardly & squeezed together. Outside was humid & the flys were swarming. Only one bartender so you must keep standing in line to get alcohol. Not the experience we were hoping for, but we would return for take out.We almost always do take-out. One thing we do not like is that you cannot call your orders in advance but when you do order upon arriva, it doesn't take too long for your food to come out.  So I guess that's better than having it sit on the shelf waiting for you to arrive!
The ribs are really good.  The pickles that come on the side are delicious. I don't understand why they waste bread by giving you a slice of white bread. I don't know anybody who eats it.
Very happy to see that they now sell a rack a la carte. . They used to and then they stopped and now they started again and this time it's even on the menu! It does say full rack but they will sell you a half rack. $15 for six bones
We also got an order of wings to split.  They were delicious.
Wish they had a place to park for when you are just picking up your orders.  Parking there is not easy.  But don't let it stop you from going!This place is incredible! I've tried a few different kinds of their meats and they have all been moist and perfectly cooked. The nachos are by far my favorite thing on the menu. You get so much food for pretty cheap. It can probably easily feed two. All the sides are great too, all around very good food!!Not sure how and why the reviews are so high. Brisket was dry and quite bland. Sandwich was lackluster. We were so disappointed! Group of 3 had to sit outside in chilly weather (outside seating had no heat).Great neighborhood BBQ... the food was very good and prices were decent. The outside family style and individual seating was great. They staff is quick at delivering food and being attentive. Food was out in a hurry... I am no champion BBQ reviewer... they had a solid product and a well run establishment.Inside Chickie Wah Wah, BBQ is the perfect touch.  The garlic mac n cheese is to die for and the brussle sprouts -- yes brussle sprouts are awesome.  Loved it!  Will be a repeat when we are back in the big easySecond time ive trued blue oak. Disappointed again
I asked the woman when ordering if her brussel sprouts were the overcooked burnt soggy style she said no they're delicious and yet they were overcooked greasy limp and black couldn't eat them their gumbo special was also extremely boring only thing good is their meat stay away from their sides you want really good barbecue go to the Joint in the BywaterBest BBQ in New Orleans hands down! They had tender and juicy brisket, fall off the bone ribs, and delicious side dishes! Their smoked wings were perfectly crisp with a sweet and savory glaze. I would recommend the brussel sprouts. You wouldn't expect a BBQ joint to have roasted brussel sprouts, but Blue Oak's will not disappoint. This will be my go-to restaurant when I feel like having BBQ while in Nola.I don't know why BBQ tends to be priced lower than food at other restaurant.  What they can do with meat is beyond words as far as I am concerned!
Had they Chicken thigh and leg  and the pulled pork with 4 different sides. This was the right amount of food for 2 people.   
Chicken had a nice crisp on the skin and somehow the thigh meat tasted like white meat I'm not sure how they did that , not that it wasn't packed with tenderness and flavor because it was! Pulled pork was good, didn't stand out for me as much as the chicken but still very good.
Sauce was the most outstanding part of the meal - got the original and it was smoky and sweet with an indescribable flavor, I'm sure their spice mix is a well kept secret.
Sides - got the mac and cheese, Brussel sprouts, red beans and rice (special that day), and slaw.   SLAW stood out the most, I believe there was ginger in it.  Red Beans and Rice my second favorite, lotsa flavor without being mushy.  Brussel Sprouts where the only thing I would change, they were overdone and overdressed.
Great textures, flavors, every detail seemed to be well thought out.  Staff couldn't be nicer!Brussel Sprouts and the Jerk Wings are incredible! Hands down best BBQ in New Orleans. Don't sleep on Blue OakExtremely delicious food l, love that you can get your bbq and sit down at the bar and get a beer. Highly recommended except a little pricey.Food is very good , wish the portions were larger though. House BBQ sauce goes nice with the meats, will definitely come back so I can try everything, this is my second time, first time I had the Mac and cheese and it was not that good, I like the traditional pickles ,all other places has those cukes being passed off as pickles.. brisket was tender and moist so was the ribs, BBQ Nachos were great also. Prices are a little on the high side thoughRevised for visit today down 2 stars. Really, really good barbq. I can't tell you what my favorite food was because the pulled pork sandwich, wings and slaw were all outstanding. Actually, the slaw was best I ever had in my life. I need to figure out their recipe. The sandwich was great (although I wish it were on whole wheat bread, it was on sesame bun) meat was smokey and delicious and the wings! I never had smokey grilled hot wings before, they were outstanding! Not too saucy so I think they'd be ok for dieters. Just protein and flavor. I didn't taste sugar. It's convenient for take out and cool enough now to sit outside if you don't want to pay the cover to get inside. Just writing about it makes me wish they were open for lunch. I will return, but next time I promise photos.Great food. Warm friendly service. But wear a coat or a parka if inside as they crank up the A/C.  We asked to turn it down to no avail. But maybe they guess the spicy ribs, brisket and chicken will be enough to keep you warm? Nope.  Again, great food.I've been looking forward to eating here for a while since I moved from baton rouge and have yet to find a really good bbq place. we went a little late and placed an order for a brisket plate with mac and cheese and potato salad and the pulled pork nachos. as soon as we placed our order they announced they were out of the brisket.
we were pretty much done with our beers by the time we got our food. after hearing the announcement and checking out my brisket plate it was evident I got the end of it and it was super fatty, like almost all fat and no meat. I returned to the counter to explain that I had heard them say they were out and I was uninterested in the end of the brisket. they replaced my plate with pulled pork & no bread. the pulled pork was very good but I'm sad I missed the brisket.  the nachos were pretty delicious and had a good amount of meat on them.
the mac and cheese was just ok, not a big fan of the bread crumbs on top. we had a 3 year old with us and she wasn't interested in it, at all. the potato salad tasted like crab boil a little and liked salt and pepper. both were mediocre and I probably wouldn't order either again. 
this place wasn't bad but I definitely wasn't impressed. I guess my search for bbq in nola continues.Texan here. In case you were wondering...this place knows how to bbq. Get the 2 meat plate with brisket and pulled pork. Excellent.I love the BBQ scene in New Orleans especially how each place puts heifer own Cajun soon on it. Blue Oak BBQ is killing it with the classics and their Spicy Chicken sandwich.
The decor is a simple straight forward industrial BBQ look which I really dig. I also like the open kitchen so you can see how the magic is made.
They have the classics Brisket, Pull Pork, Chicken, Ribs and sausage. I am a brisket aficionado and they are serving or of the best I've had in NOLA. 
The Pull Pork is packed with flavor and just the right amount of fat. 
Now what really sets Blue Oak BBQ sport from the rest is their long list of Sandwiches which one really doesn't find at other BBQ places. My favorite is the Spicy Chicken Sandwich that is only served on Tuesdays. It's is a crunchy, juicy, meaty sandwich that will hit all your comfort food buttons. It's one of the best sandwich's in the city!Far and away the top BBQ in New Orleans. I'd say the Brisket shines the most, but holy crap the smoked chicken wings! Treat yourself to the chili glazed brussels sprouts or the garlic mac on the side.This is a nice addition to the Carrollton Ave/Streetcar line. I'm not a fan of bbq but the favors here has changed my mind a bit. 
The location is the old Fellines so it's a perfect corner spot. There is some shared parking in the front of the building, and on the side of he building they have about 5 spots. The rear of the building also has additional parking spots.
The dine inside or outside is a major plus! The patio area gives a nice private feel with a dash of Carrollton Ave on the other side of the bushes, which can be easily tuned out.
 The inside has a bar where you can walk up and have that personal interaction with the bartender (mine was GREAT ....forgot where she was from ...thick accent from Russia I think). There is also seating at the bar. The bar had some good selections of wine, beer, and whiskey. 
The food, the food so great. I had brisket and pork and beans. The meat was so tender. I'm not a fan of the lunch room style way of everything though. It's best to go grab a seat and look over the menu. Whom ever is with you may need to go stand in line and get their orders going, so you can save a seat for your party. The line moves quickly. Speedy service. 
Drinks great, food great, great location. 5 sAmazing Brussels!!!! The best I've had. The brisket is tender and juicy. But those Brussels!!!! Get a Bloody Mary and a platter and you're set!Fantastic experience. Friendly service, incredible food. Good drink selection. Lots of seating. 3 different BBQ sauces to choose from. What's not to like
Brisket was good, not dry at all. Ribs were good. Not the best I've had but still falling off the bone for the most part. Baked beans were probably their best side, ma n cheese was a close runner up. Brussel sprouts were pretty tasty as well
I have to come back to try their spicy chicken sandwich on Tuesday, and their spicy chicken wings.Great smoked flavor. Pulled pork nachos are super delicious and  so big it could be a meal on its own. There's nothing that I don't recommend. Only issues is that it is really loud on a Friday night. We tried all the meats and everything was absolutely awesome.The music selection is great and the staff is so cute. The sides are plentiful and the pulled chicken sandwich is delicious. Omg my favorite JLO song just started playing too. This place is the best. Thank you Blue Oak.Great food. Fast and friendly service at a reasonable price. I would recommend to anyone.I'll make this short n sweet. Great food. Very fast service. Cozy atmosphere and tastefully smooth beer! Highly recommended!Let me start by saying I'm fat BBQ loving trucker and this place probably has the best I have had in awhile. I will be for more of this stuff for sure. The brisket melted like no other. The ribs had an intense smokey flavor and the pulled pork was just awesome. Thanks guys once againI'm so proud of my boys at Blue Oak BBQ! They're all grown up with their own New spiffy place on N Carrollton! And the BBQ is better than ever. Keep up the great work men!I'll do the conclusion first: 
If your in New Orleans, and want the best BBQ, this is the place! 
I have tried out a range of places on my trip to NOLA, and this is the one place I can guarantee I will come back to next time I'm in the city. 
I ordered the three-pice meat and had large excellent wings, fall-of-the-bone ribs, and my favorite, the brisket. The brisket was just perfect, you just have to try it! I also got two sides, and had cole slaw and mac&cheese. 
This amazing meal cost me just 18$, talk about great value!
It is situated in a bar called 'Chickie Wah Wah', and the bartender there was great aswell. 
They have live music every night, typically at 9, so if your there at 7:30 you shoul be able to get a table so you an eat first then enjoy a few beers and some live music. All in all a great package!We came here while we were visiting New Orleans because of all of the great reviews it had - but we were not that impressed.
This place is slightly outside of the down town area - but we though we'd head over there regardless since we love BBQ and it had great reviews. When we go there, the guy at the door charged us a cover charge just to order food since we said we wanted to sit there to eat it. Being on vacation, and committed to eating there by this point, we paid it.
Once inside, we realized that Blue Oak was within a bar and we should not have been charged the cover just to eat there. After talking with the bouncer he eventually gave the cover charge back if we agreed not to sit and eat there (and he made us feel uncomfortable the rest of the time we waited for our food). So we walked back to down town as we ate, then caught the trolley the rest of the way back once we were done eating. Even if we had wanted to stay we wouldn't have because the music there was horrendous - but that was the bar and not Blue Oak.
The pulled pork sando was average. The pulled chicken was really good, but needed a lot of hot sauce. We didn't know it came with coleslaw on the sandwich and since I'm allergic to mayo, and we were walking down the street once we opened the bags, I had to eat it with the top bun and half the chicken scraped off.
The sides (brussels sprouts and beans) were sub par and we just threw them away after a few bites.
We ended up leaving hungry still and not impressed with the effort it took to get a few "just okay" sandwiches.
The reviews surprise me because based on my experience I would not recommend it to anyone. There are so many good places to eat in New Orleans and this is not one of them.Yummy! Even my I-don't-do-BBQ husband loves Blue Oak. The ribs and brisket are delicious, but those Brussels sprouts are devine. We have been back several times and the food is consistently good!GF  and I drove in from Baton Rouge to go to Celebration in the Oaks and wanted to eat somewhere casual and close to City Park. We arrived at Blue Oak around 5:00 PM, and the place was about half full already. Typical BBQ style restaurant of get in line, order, and sit down. I'm not a fan of these type of ordering systems because I feel rushed, but we did our homework before arriving. Still, it took a little while to order because some of the idiots in front of us decided to finally look at their menu when they got to the woman taking orders. 
I ordered the 3 Meat Plate and for $20 it came with three nice helpings of meat and two sides. A really good value. My GF got the Brisket Plate with two sides. With two drinks, the total came out to around $38. Not bad at all. 
We sat down and each table had three types of BBQ Sauce - A house, a Carolina style, and a jerk style. The jerk was probably my favorite but all were very good. 
Trigger Warning: The word "moist" will be used a lot. 
My meal:
Brisket - Perfection. Smokey, a great crust, and moist. 
Pulled Pork - Very good, tasted great, and...moist. 
Chicken - Some of the best smoked chicken I've ever had. Skin was crispy and meat was moist. 
Sesame Cole Slaw - I liked it as first but the sesame oil really overpowered it. It wasn't sweet at all, and this was a nice break from the sweet sauces and meats. So it kind of worked and kind of didn't. 
Brussel Sprouts - Some of the best I've ever had. Beautifully roasted and tasted delicious. A must have. 
The white bread, pickles, and onions were perfect to make a little pulled pork taco with. I really liked how thin the onions were cut. 
Her meal:
Brisket - Same as before. Perfect. 
Cole Slaw - GF liked it a lot despite the strong sesame oil 
Mac n Cheese - It was very good and garlicy, but also very dense. I had a bite of hers and it was enough for me to satisfy my carb craving. She enjoyed it. 
It took us around 40 minutes, start to finish, and by then there was a nice line of people waiting to order. I highly recommend this place as having some legit BBQ in New Orleans, which we really need in this state. From reading online reviews, they appear to have something special here, and with their consistent product and catering menu, I can see them being very successful for a long time.Briiiiiiisket. Chop it slice it, flip it up rub it down oh noooo! So good. Brussels are also sent down from the heavens. Will definitely return next trip out to NOLA.Blue Oak never disappoints. The nachos are awesome and the wood smoke flavor of the BBQ is delicious. I also love the unique sides that they offer. We had the cold corn side with queso and the flavor was amazing. The brussel sprouts and mac n' cheese were really good as well. If you like BBQ, you've got to give this place a shot.The best BBQ in New Orleans! Consistently delicious and the restaurant has a great vibe and a nice outdoor seating area. Favorite items are the brisket, ribs, chicken wings, brussel sprouts and potato salad.Came here after sitting at the Toups Meatery. What can I say except WOW! I am not a barbecue fan in general by any means. I've been to countless BBQ joints in Texas and Florida and have never been a big fan. But this place changes my whole view and outlook of barbecue. 
We had some delicious brisket and after reading a few other reviews decided on the roasted brussel sprouts and garlic Mac and cheese. All I can say is outstanding and I'm glad we did. Mac and cheese is another item I traditionally am not big on but this may have been the best I've ever had. The roasted brussel sprouts had a sweetness to them I wasn't expecting but after one bite saw how they fit right in with bbq.
If I'm ever in town again and have a hankering for barbecue this is the place I'm coming to. Best barbecue ever!Awesome food. Just come here early so you can enjoy the ribs they run out. The garlic Mac and cheese is really good.Everything was phenomenal! Pescetarians, the shrimp tacos are some of the best I have had. If you hate Brussels Sprouts, Blue Oak's will change your mind. They're to die for. And you won't taste mac and cheese like this anywhere else. Definitely check them out!Well... first of all, the food was expensive. I went out today with 7 dollars expecting to go get some shrimp plates, but decided against it becuz i was feeling some good meet. I luv meet, I'm black, so of course i love meet. But the food was really expensive. I ended up gettin a 3 plate combination of 3 kinds of meets: Beef Brisket, Chicken Leg & Thigh, St. Louis Ribs. For aiswa I got Mac N Cheese (ASS) and Potato Salade (ALSO ASS). I shouldve gotten the BBQ beans but my ass wasnt feeling it that day so i passed. The Mac n Cheese tasted good, but the surface tasted like dusty ass steel. AND WHO EATS COLD POTATO SALAD. LIKE CMON BRUH. I AINT WHITE. It tasted like straight ass ice. The meet didnt fill me up too man. They gave us one piece of bread and expect us to eat a sandwich with that... Also i ordered a water and DIDNT EVEN GET THAT WATER. the sauces are booty and gave me cancer. ribs was 3/10 and wings were tasteless, but its chicken so ill give a 3.5/10 overall... ass AND THEY SAID THEY WERE VEGAN FREE, BUT GIVE US BRUSSEL SPROUTS. CMON BRUH. i would only recommend if you white and like spending money. Dont eat that ass walmart bread ResidentSleeper.
-Courtesy of Ya Boy DezmondWaste of money and waste of time.  Food was dry and flavorless and the service was snobby and obnoxious.. please change my 1 to a 0Finally! Thank you BBQ gods! Real thanks to the owners who put obvious love and time behind some amazing food. As I've said before it's difficult to find good BBQ in New Orleans. Well, look no further. Go eat here! No, I'm not getting paid for this review...the food is that good!!Their smoked burgers are boss.  Their beans, are also boss - best BBQ beans in New Orleans. Their wings are solid. Also have had their brisket tacos, which are excellent.  Have no complaints. Great food, great prices.Visiting NOLA, Blue Oak was recommended by locals. We went this evening and were pleasantly surprised. Decor is industrial barbecue, very hip. We shared a 3 way dinner of brisket, pulled pork and chicken, they run out of the ribs. Brisket was served cold, very tender, wasn't bad, but wasn't the best. The pulled pork was nice, lukewarm though, and you could taste the smoke, very tasty. The chicken was the favorite of these two beef lovers, nice crispy skin, great seasoning, and very juicy. The sides we got were mac & cheese, beans, and potato salad. All very good! The beans were our favorite!! The cost was really reasonable and the staff was pleasant. We would send our friends.Great BBQ! I've enjoyed the brisket, pulled pork, wings, and ribs. Be careful having the nachos because once you do you'll continue to crave them for the rest of your life. But my real love in life are side items. Brussels and garlic mac and cheese forever. Parking can be tough. But some things in life are worth schlepping for.If I had one quibble here, it would be that I found the pulled BBQ pork ever-so-slightly too salty for my taste. This small point was offset by...
1. Brisket that is out-of-this-world.
2. Great sides. The mac-n-cheese and the black-eyed peas are delicious.
3. Easy, fun atmosphere. They have a great bar, as well as ample indoor and outdoor space that is casual and kid-friendly.
4. Nice people. Everyone that had the slightest interaction with me did things like smile, ask me how I enjoyed my meal, offered helpful suggestions, etc. Honestly, I did not expect such good service from a place that could easily rest on its food and reputation.Amazing BBQ! We weren't expecting much when we decided to stop in as we passed by but this was phenomenal BBQ, comparable even to some of the famous spots in Texas.I'm from the best BBQ state in the union ; ), but Blue Oak definitely gives NC a run for its money! This is a NOLA go to for me on every trip! Try the chopped brisket and chopped pork with a side of garlic mac'n'cheese. You will not be disappointed!This was my first visit to blue oak and it was absolutely delicious! I will definitely revisit this place and recommend them to friends and family.This is the best, best, BEST place in the city to get wings! The wings were seasoned to perfection and the sauce just adds to the already flavorful meat. My husband and I have been looking for a good bbq place in NOLA and we have found it! The burger was perfectly smoky, the pulled pork was tender and needed no extra sauce to make it flavorful, and their homemade sausage will make you fall in love! We also had the Mac and cheese, the special of the night collard greens and the Brussel sprouts. All of the sides were just as good as the meat itself. This place is a diamond inside of a dive bar and soooooooo worth the drive!We came with a group and got fast and super friendly service.  The food was all amazing.  Seriously nothing bad to say.This may sound funny but I'm more of a side item kind of guy when it comes to barbecue places. Now the chopped brisket sandwich was pretty good but I really enjoyed the garlic mac n cheese the most. Yummy carbs with a crust on top with a local brew was the fix I needed here. Next time I go I will have to try the potato salad. It looked good but can verify that. I will be back