Delicious sauces on boiled seafood. Combinations are unusual and don't sound good but are delicious. The Caribbean one was fabulous. It's a little expensive.Awesome place. Good food and great service! Check out their Caribbean flavored crawfish....very good and unique experience. Voodoo rolls, charbroiled oysters and caviar oysters are also delicious. They also have the local beers on draft. Definitely recommend this restaurant.My first time there and loved the custom service and ambiance! I took mine  to go but the place seems pretty nice. Nice atmosphere!!
Excellent flavor!! I got the crawfish with the boil house seasoning and they were extraordinary!! I asked for xxx hot, but it wasn't where I wanted it to be. But had a spicy flavor to them! I think I can withstand the hottest of the hot!! Only place with crawfish out of season. Would recommend any day. Pretty nice size crawfish!! Two thumbs up!! All the way up!!! Would have been a 5 star had the spiciness been hotter!!Delicious sauces on boiled seafood. Combinations are unusual and don't sound good but are delicious. The Caribbean one was fabulous. It's a little expensive. We tried crawfish,shrimp, potatoes, corn and sausage. All were great. Oysters with caviar are a wonderful combination.The most bland food I've ever tasted; Especially in New Orleans. Way too expensive for no satisfaction at all. Service is fun but slow. The owner came out & we were constructively honest & he tried to explain & defend the terrible food. We even tried the wings that he said were brined & marinated for hours - First of all, they had 2" feathers sticking out of them & they were nasty! The Board of Health needs to come in & shut this place down!This place is absolutely amazing. We showed up late when they were closing and they went above and beyond to make sure we still got served and didn't rush us out of the restaurant. This is what I call customer service. Also, the food was absolutely amazing. Best crawfish I've ever ate and I'm from Louisiana. Thanks so much. We will be back soon :)The servers are great, they quickly get anything you need and are friendly! Customer service is definitely good here. The oysters, wings, and alligator bites were amazing! Bursting with flavor and not over cooked for either dish. Unfortunately the crawfish did not meet expectations. I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese style crawfish, as it's the main type of crawfish served in Houston. The spices for the crawfish were very good, however the crawfish did not soak up the flavor and was lukewarm every time it was served. We also never received any type of receptacle to throw peeled crawfish into, it was a mess trying to dig around and make space for peeled and unpeeled crawfish. We ordered the garlic as well as the boil house mix at medium and high heat. The high heat crawfish were not spicy at all. When we told our server they replaced the crawfish however the new crawfish were also not spicy. It seemed like they only tossed the crawfish in more of the sauce which didn't make it more spicy. It doesn't seem like they are boiling the crawfish with spices. The spicy levels aren't accurate as well. The medium and high heat tasted about the same in terms of spiciness. To help with the crawfish being lukewarm, perhaps the restaurant could do what Vietnamese crawfish restaurants do in Houston, which is to serve the crawfish in a plastic bag with sauce covering the crawfish rather than serving the crawfish on a platter. I was really looking forward to finally having a Vietnamese style crawfish place here in New Orleans to go to and this place was a bit of a let down compared to what I'm used to. The other foods were amazing, the crawfish not so much. I think this place has great potential if they can perfect their method like the places in Houston. I would love to go back once they figure out a better way to serve their crawfish and have them retain flavor.My friends and I decided to go to the BOIL Seafood House since we were craving crab legs! 
Upon walking in we were greeted by the host who we put our name down for a reservation. The host stated it could be a possible two hour wait in which we were willing to stay for. The host also stated that the bar area is first come first serve so we sat there and waited until our seats were available. 30 minutes passed and we see empty tables in which we're "reserved" way before us apparently so we decided to order our food while we waited. Another 30 minutes passed and the host stated there was 2-3 groups in front of us which was fine but the thing is there wasn't anyone waiting in the front; maybe they reserved online. 
Our food started arriving to the bar and we started to eat, at this point forget the table. The host did a really bad job at accommodating my group of 6. We all uncomfortably had to eat at the bar some of us standing up eating, etc. I just wish the host gave us updates instead of us constantly having to go to her. Now the bartender was AMAZING! He was super quick, funny and made sure we had everything we needed. 
This was my first time ordering crab legs so I was super excited and wanted the full on bib and butter experience! I ordered 1lb of snow crab legs with the boil house seasoning  which is 4 seasonings in one and then you pick the "heat" as well; I got medium. The crab legs do not come with any sides so I ordered the bang bang shrimp for $11 which was pretty tasty and a side of Cajun French fries (SO GOOD)! 
Overall the food was great! So my 3 stars go to the bartender and the food!I feel like I should start with the fact that despite their name, they don't boil their seafood. My friends and I were surprised by the lack of flavor with the shrimp. The server informed us that they do not boil the seafood but steam it. They steam the seafood and then toss it in in your choice of sauce. Had we known that from the beginning maybe the review would have been different, however given the name...... also, the waits were long in general for the food and side of melted butter. The lobster Mac and cheese was not very flavorful either. One friend did enjoy his Asian oysters, so there's that...Grrreat flavor to the crawfish and beautiful restaurant. Friendly service. Will definitely be back soon to try other menu items!!Very nice server and decor, however that was the only good thing about this place. It smells bad, like dirty seafood, and there's nothing but crawfish and shrimp on the menu, which is ok if that's all you want for dinner. But this is a restaurant! You'd think they'd have other options for those in a group, or at least that they'd offer a variety of dressings on a salad. I ordered the shrimp salad and it had this extremely spicy "Vietnamese vinaigrette," which was just basically tiny smatterings of hot sauce on some greens and five pieces of extremely spicy shrimp. Definitely way overpriced at $15. So how hard is it to stock more than one kind of dressing for people who don't want to eat cajun food? It would be one thing if this were a hole-in-the-wall local dive bar that's been around forever, but it's a brand new establishment on a busy section of Magazine and so should cater to all types. Anyway, I've no interest in this place, as it's got zero variety on the menu. A shame too because I live just around the corner.Food was wonderful. Atmosphere was awesome. Great service. Got to meet owner, he was great.This is not a local type seafood joint.   No blue crabs at all, only dungeness.   Wait staff not too polished.  Maybe good for tourists.Great Pricey yes but great, you can customize them which is also a plus and the butter is amazing! We have had Garlic Butter and the Caribbean both were deliciously tasty! Sides are great but a bit pricey, will be back again have already been twice!This is my second time in as many weeks. This is the best crawfish place hands down!!!! I asked for more spice and got it!!! The boil house flavor is unbelievable!!! The spice and seasoning combo was the best I ever had!!! I've eaten over 125 lbs of crawfish this past season by myself and I must say this is the BEST place to get them!! Much respect to the cooks at the restaurant. They deserve praise!! This is a phenomenal place!! I will be back again. A weekly spot!! New tailgating spot!!Went to this restaurant after jazz fest hoping for some genuine good crawfish
We got the charbroiled oysters, bang bang shrimp, and crawfish etoufee. All were DELICIOUS but only giving it 3 stars bc the prices were prettttyyy high... for great food that you could probably find at other restaurants in NOLA. 
Also the cocktail strawberry basil lemonade tasted like a jolly rancher - way too sweet! Had to return for a beer.
Server was accommodating to our return request and did great at splitting the check for us!!Worst service I've ever experienced and they did nothing to compensate for us or apologize. They waited over an hour to tell us that they no longer had the food we ordered. It took 40 min just to get drinks and then half of our party never received their food. Terrible dining experience.This place is bomb dot com! Came here before the saints game and it was super packed. However the wait was surprisingly short. Super chill environment with really good food. The buckets are the only way to go. Ended up getting 2 feasts for the 6 of us and it was surely plenty. 
Def get the boil house flavor w high heat. Only way to go. The mango margarita is pretty much two drinks in one. You get your own plastic bottles worth . 
I'd def be back.Ok so I went to Boil seafood house based on a recommendation from a friend that recently went. The people greeted us as soon as we walked in, and the decor was beautiful. Although everyone was really friendly I did notice that the table next to us when ordering their boil of the mixed seasoning was completely different from ours. Which is probably why unfortunately my friend and I didn't like our food. It had a more Caribbean seasoning compared to a Cajun, which I know because I am from the Caribbean and was wondering why the crabs tasted like my moms food. Also the drinks came out right away, but the taste was watery which was really confusing. I hate writing bad reviews but overall the food was good just not what we were expecting.Food was really good but service was beyond lacking. I must have gotten up at least three times and the hostess had to help me. She was a gem. I definitely would have rated it higher based on the food alone.  The varying of heat with the different flavors is a great aspect of eating here but beware, the "low" will still leave your mouth with a little burn.So good we ate here twice during our 3 day vacation. We had the shrimp poboy. The waiter recommended changing it up from the menu a bit and recommended using bang bang shrimp and coleslaw on it instead of what the menu listed. I'm so glad he did!!! It was so good with the Cajun sauce drizzled over it. The coconut mojito was amazing too! I highly recommend you give this restaurant a try during your stay in New Orleans.Soooooooo yummy! We ordered so much food! My favorite was the oyster caviar  but everything was delish! Our eyes was bigger than our stomach....food coma nowWow nice seafood restaurant!!! Just ate there for lunch and let me tell you had a donzn charboil oyster was delicious and we ordered 5 pound of the Asian garlic butter crawfish was good too I highly recommend coming n try out there seafoodAmazing food. Amazing service. Tonya really took care of us! We had so much fun and highly recommend.This is a great way to experience a Louisiana boil if you don't have a the opportunity to attend one. I'd say it's as advertised, solid flavor, good quality, friendly staff and cool atmosphere. As a new "local" I was pleasantly surprised.THE CRAWFISH HERE IS SOOOO GOOD!! such a lovely bartender, she prepared us drinks and they were amazing! If you're in New Orleans this is definitely a place to goWe're visiting the area and found this great place that finally satisfied our seafood craving! The Cajun bucket was perfect for two people and JJ was amazing! Definitely referring my friends to this spot.Shrimp poboy and fries was a solid choice fresh ingredients and we will be back again!What a fun place and great way to experience southern food! I enjoyed every moment there and wouldn't think twice about going again.The seafood pots are well made but that's about it. The bread is extra. There are no sides. It's a cute restaurant. Will not be coming back again.Great oysters and gator here courtesy of my man JJ. Place is under stupendous management!This place is Sooo worth the money!! I had crawfish beignets, snow crab legs, cajun wings, and cajun friesHad a wonderful experience JJ is the best will be back. Great food, expert service and knowledgeable of classic New Orleans cocktails . JJ was a wonderful ambassador to the cityLoved BOIL! Fun eating experience (get ready to get messy) and fantastic food. Seasoning was perfect (we got Cajun Medium); penetrated the seafood but didn't overpower.Was in town for a few days celebrating my birthday so i went on a quest to find some of Nola best restaurants. A friend of mines was telling me about a place that has some of the best seafood in Nola! I had to take her up on her offer! Once she suggested rvsp i knew it was real dea! I was blown away by the scenery of the restaurant what a beautiful establishment! Nice vibes and the food definitely lived up to the hype! Some of the best gumbo I've ever had. I mean it was so rich! I followed it up with a shrimp po boy which was everything! Thank you boil house for the incredible food! I'll never forget you guysThese people do not cook cajun they cook vietnamese 99.00 seafood platter? Wow they are mean and disrespectful to their employeesTwo words... WORTH IT!! Great service, funny waiter, and great food! Good prices for a great amount of food! Definitely eating here again! If you go there ask for the waiter 'K' he's awesome!Went uptown during a weekend visit to New Orleans. Everything was delicious. We got the char grilled oysters and split the "Taste of New Orleans" bucket in the boil house sauce. The food is cooked quickly, and everything tasted great. 
The drinks are a weak, so I would stick to water. Our service was a little lackluster, not sure if she had too many tables, but just felt like we had to keep flagging her down for small requests (like water). 
Overall, we had a good time and would go again.Absolutely amazing staff. Great food and service. The food was fantastic. Been there twice and can't wait to be back for more. Oysters, calamari, crawfish .Loved this place! Great atmosphere, great food, great cocktails. Much more reasonable and better than most places further towards the French Quarter. I wish I remembered our waiters name, but he was the most charismatic waiter I've ever had, which added to the whole experience. He also had great suggestions. We had the crawfish, crab leg, shrimp bucket with the house sauce and it was all delicious. Will come again next time I'm in New Orleans.My husband and I went here twice during our one week trip to New Orleans, it was so good and so much fun! The staff was super friendly and welcoming, the ambiance is nice and we really liked the neighborhood. But the food was the best part. The flavors were amazing - we've had good vietnamese style seafood boils before in San Francisco and this was just as good if not better. Our waitresses Kee and Brandie were awesome!Loved this place. Service was slow to start, but we were warned that they were understaffed in advance. Once the food started coming out, no problem. Have a new favorite cooked oyster dish and it's their New Orleans style oysters. The crab was awesome, wings were great, definitely would recommend this placeThis is second time come here in 4 days. Great oysters and great food . Love it .  The snow crab sweet and full of meat . Oysters is one of best I ever had in NOLA . Had a little mistake but the manager managed really well. The end I had great time here . Next time when I come
Back to NOLA I will come back again .Look, I am born and raised here.  Not usually a fan of this style of crawfish with the sauce on the outside. Tried it in Norcal, tried it in SoCal, tried it in Houston. But here, I liked it. My favorites in order are first Boil house, then Cajun, then a tossup between the caribbean and garlic sauces. Yeah, I can eat this now.Fun, little place. Large crowds and noisy. Good food. Wasn't in love with the house spice boil I chose but it was good and lord was it messy! The shrimp in the boil was over cooked and the corn was too, although I imagine it is difficult to keep things perfectly cooked in such large quantities. The craft cocktails were great!Really really good. They had fresh crawfish so I went that way. Ate 4 pounds of it. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for that type of food.We had so many delicious meals in New Orleans, but this one topped the charts as our absolute favorites! The Cajun spiced boil with shrimp and crawfish was delicious. We ended up getting a few more pounds of crawfish because it was so delicious. We'll be recommending this to friends, and coming back again and again.We ate here on our last night in New Orleans. We had been having trouble finding Crawfish all week (we just were never in the right place at the right time).
The food was absolutely amazing!!! The crab and crawfish was seasoned perfectly, the corn was delicious and the chocolate walnut brownies were on point as well.The Taste of New Orleans boil is to die for. Crab, crawfish, shrimp, sausage, and potato in a house broth. Single order feeds two. The gentleman behind the bar was great. Compliments to him and the chef.Would have given a 5 star for great food and pricing but the service was subpar.. It was around 8:00pm and the place wasn't too busy but we were sat outside.. Which was actually very nice however we were forgotten about often. We weren't given utensils, napkins, drink refills, wet naps, forks... And when we went inside finally to ask for a few things, we were treated like we were a huge bother. We ordered the feast and sides so we had a decent amount of food and obviously needed these things to eat. I'm not sure if our waitress was new, having a bad night or just needed some extra training but the food was the only great part of the experience. She also charged us for the French bread and butter which were supposed to be included with the food bc it clearly stated on the menu that with over a lb of seafood a roll of bread was supposed to be included .. not a huge deal if the service was good but it just wasn't. We didn't even address it but she obviously wanted to go home... We would have ordered even more food/dessert but Tori seemed in a rush to leave so we just got our check and left.. overall great seafood, not so great service.I was really excited when I saw this restaurant on an Eater article. I have been waiting for a Vietnamese style Cajun place to open up (and props to Boil Seafood for having the guts to do something different). Upon first sitting down, it took 15 minutes for a server to take our drink order (by that time, we were ready to order our food). The overall environment seemed very disorganized - I realized this was their first week, but c'mon guys, you can do better than that. The server was unknowledgeable on the various sauces. We waited another hour for our first dish to come out, which were the Charbroiled oysters. This was pretty good and was probably the only thing that was good out of the dishes we ordered. Everything went downhill from there.
After waiting another hour, we called for the servers attention, and we were told that they accidentally gave our crawfish and crab to another table...once we finally got our seafood, we realized it was the wrong sauce and spiciness level. Also, the crawfish did not seem fresh, it was somewhat dry so they must've cooked in advance the day before. 
Overall, if you are looking for New Orleans style crawfish or seafood, there are better places to go that has better service, fresher seafood and better value. I really hope they can improve, but for now, I will not be going back.If I could give it no stars, I would. I don't normally feel the need to write a negative review after dining out nor the need to speak to a manager on site. Well, this place surely made me feel the need for both. 
We ordered:
- char grilled oysters
- 2lbs if king crab
- 1lb if Dungeness crab
- 1lb of clams
and honestly, none of it was worth a dime. The char grilled oysters were super salty with yellowy sauce (I will get to this). The clams and Dungeness crabs were rubbery to say the least. The king crab was the biggest disappointment - rubbery & served with old fryer oil. 
I'm not making it up - we got this nasty old fryer oil dip for the king crab. Displeased, we requested to have new butter. Maybe it was an overlooked item even though the place was NOT busy. It took 15 mins to get a replacement butter and it was this yellow sauce - think cheese whiz - that was cold and still tasting like old fryer oil. It took the server 15 mins to deliver this disastrous mess of "butter" because he had to take an order for a larger group before handling our situation. (wtf) There were many employees who could have delivered yet noone was communicating with each other as the crab got cold while we waited. 
When a manager was requested, it took her 20 mins to show up. Seriously, WTF? That was the last straw. I wasn't even hungry because I was so frustrated. 
I can't even remember having such horrible dining experience in my life. No exaggeration - my entire life. I try not to write a negative yelp review but beware diners, this place is simply a waste of your money. And remember, if you're not happy with your experience, the manager will hide and will not speak to you. And when she does, she will say that she called the owner and the owner says there's nothing that can be done to make things right. 
Never again. I'd be surprised if this place is still open next time I visit NOLA.The food was very delicious being that I'm a local I would recommend the service was great and we were seated in less than 5 minutesProbably the best VietCajun I've ever had.  I got a pound of crawfish with the Boil-House sauce at medium spice, and I found it to be terrific--packed with flavor and not too much garlic.After a week of exploring different restaurants at the French quarter, we were looking for some good boiled seafood.  Our Uber driver recommended this place and we're glad he did.  We ordered the shack bucket.  My husband has been wanting to try the crawfish and we're in luck that crawfish was in season cuz they were huge.  I enjoyed the crab legs. The garlic pasta was very tasty too. Prices are reasonable.  Too bad they ran out of the French bread which were supposed to be complimentary if you order two pounds of seafood.The food was the best we tried in New Orleans. Would definitely come back. The flavor and good and fast service was icing on the cake. Still thinks about the shrimp and crab legsFood was good but the service was awful. Our waiter was Pierre and we ordered a combo platter for $25 but they never brought out the salad. We also ordererd the voodoo rice, but the waiter brought out plain white rice and BOTH the waiter and manager on duty at the time could careless to properly discount bill for both the rice and salad issues. We had to ask multiple times for simple ketchup. Also there was 3 of us at the table but food did not come out at the same time, in fact there was a 15 mins gap which sucked lol.  Very disappointed overall. Too many great restaurants with amazing food to settle on returning here.Sen-freaking-sational! Whoa, amazing food, seasoned perfectly, warm and lively atmosphere and incredibly accommodating staff. Deanna in particular was a gem. It being my first time I was a real pain about seasoning and spice level, she brought out several different samples for me to try AND brought out extra dipping sauces for me with my meal and even offered to take a picture for me with my feast. Love this place. Must go!!!I had the snow crabs with the mild boil seafood house sauce and added corn. The sauce was really spicy even tho it was mild but I loved it. The crabs were full of meat. My sisters had crawfish with their bucket and I would just say If it isn't crawfish season DO NOT get the crawfish! Aside from the weird tasting crawfish and our food taking like 40 minutes to come out taste wise it was great! And our waitress was sweet and very apologetic for the wait! Overall, good experience and we will be back!I'm pretty half and half about this place from the first impression. Service was great. The hostess greeted us right when we walked in. Our server took a while to get to us but the hostess was sure to stop by and check in to see if we were okay and went ahead and got our drink orders first. It wasn't long until our server came by to wait on us. 
We ordered 2lbs of Cajun Medium Heat, 2lbs of Garlic Butter High Heat, 2lbs of Boil House Extra High Heat, and 2lbs of blue crabs in Garlic Butter High Heat. The flavors were great, but the quality of the crawfish itself was lacking. They weren't consistent at all. Some were over cooked where the texture was way too soft. Some had that freezer taste which meant it was frozen not fresh crawfish. Some were dead. Some were fresh and texture was perfect. Speaking back about flavors, the flavor was really on the outer shell of the crawfish. You'd only get flavor if you licked the outer shell. If you just open, suck the head, and eat the tail, it's pretty bland. I wish their actual boil had flavor before tossing the crawfish in the flavored sauce. The blue crabs, on the other hand, were probably the best part of our meal. The meat was so so fresh and we had a lot of female crabs with a lot of that orange deliciousness. 
We also got potatoes and andouille sausage. Potatoes were WAYYYY overcooked. Basically mashed potatoes rolled into a ball. I could've fed a newborn those potatoes. The andouille sausage was good but overpriced. $3.95 for ONE 4 inch sausage.
I read in a previous review where a customer said she recognized frozen crawfish mixed in with fresh crawfish, which I now personally experienced. The owner replied saying he makes sure to make it known that crawfish is limited right now. Okay? You say it's limited. To me, that should mean there is limited FRESH crawfish to where you may run out in a short period of time. Not "there's limited fresh crawfish but if you want some and we have low stock, we'll just compensate you with some frozen crawfish and charge you same full price as fresh." If you are serving frozen crawfish, you need to make THAT known and not "limited" known. 
Would I give this place another try? Idk. Maybe when crawfish season is in full effect and my chances of getting all fresh crawfish are higher.Loved this place. Best crawfish ever. You can pick your sauce and your heat and add whatever sides you want with them. Delicious!  Also got bread for dipping.First time, from out of town with our group of 10. Can't compare to anything as i've never had any other seafood. We went twice in one week. First time was a late Saturday night, 30-60 min wait. Ordered the bang bang shrimp and a cup of gumbo. Our 2nd time was a week later. Early Saturday morning when they opened. No wait time. We ordered the Chicken Wings with BOIL house sauce. 2lbs of Shrimp with Cajun and low heat. A side of sweet potato fries and a Bowl of Gumbo this time. Everything was delicious and the server was attentive.This restaurant has a nice vibe and is generally pleasant.  We came because we were looking for a decent seafood boil in NOLA and this place came recommended to us.  Our experience was not great.  Staff was not well trained and they actually sent the wrong order to our table.  After the staff realized that they had mistakenly sent a more expensive order to us, they confronted us in an accusatory manner (like we were expected to NOT eat the food given to us) and demanded that we pay for the additional order ($80 extra).  She even had her credit card reader out as if to expect payment on the spot.
I have never been treated with this kind of disrespect in a restaurant and was completely appalled by the lack of courtesy displayed here.  In addition, I later saw the wait staff take the mistaken order off our table and into the back area to eat it for themselves.  Basically they were happy to enjoy the fruits of their own incompetence while paying guests continued to wait another 25 minutes for our correct order to arrive (by now we had waited about 45 minutes for our food).  
I will make sure to tell everyone in our orbit to avoid this mess of an establishment if they visit New Orleans again.  It ruined an experience that we will never get back from our limited time in this city.My mom add I stopped by for dinner and we were pleasantly surprised! We got boiled shrimp, boiled crawfish, mushrooms and French fries. There are four sauce choices Caribbean, Cajun, Garlic Butter and the House Boil. We had all the sauces except the Caribbean, but though the house sounded strange and we were reluctant to order it, we agreed it was the best. The fries are flat home style fries and were good too. The place is new and a little more than other places, but they offer premium size crawfish that are well cleaned and flavorful.Food was amazing. Booked our reservation on open table and thankful we did because there is usually a wait over an hour for a table. Although the food was great, the service was not up to par. Our waitress seemed stressed and decided to take that out on my colleagues. Any question got eye rolls and her attitude was unessesary. Younger woman with dark hair. The food is expensive and we still tipped well for the service we got. Great meal but disappointing to feel like we were not welcome while we ate.Save your time/and go elsewhere. I was open to this different type off boil and was eager to give it a shot and like it. Different flavors to my crawfish sounds wonderful. But I can guarantee I'll not be going back here. I'd be willing to give that style a try again elsewhere, however. 
The prices are just absurd. I understand seafood is based upon market value but trying to sell crawfish at $8/lb and certain crab offerings at over $50 for the smallest order. Flat out robbery. Not to mention if you want sausage with your order it will run you an extra $4. Now that doesn't seem bad, but when they only serve you 4 pieces of sausage that combined equal half a sausage, you can't help but just laugh. 
On the bright side...the wall. There's an awesome swamp mural on the inside wall that uses black light to add some neat accents to it. Tonya the waitress was great and if it wasn't for her this place would have only gotten 1 star.Came here with the family & the food was great. The servers were nice & prompt as well. I recommend this place. I would definitely go again.I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars because the food was delicious and we were seated promptly. When we arrived for our 7:15 reservation the place was packed but there was a table available (in the door) so we were seated. Our waitress  amen to the table fairly quickly to take our drink and appetizer order while we waited for the third party to arrive. Once he got there the young Asian waitress returned to take our orders but throughout our interaction she was VERY SNIPPY... All her answers were short and brash. And I quickly realized there was a general consensus at the table - she was RUDE!! The icing on the cake happened when I gave her a debit card that did not have a chip and she asked for an ID... I asked if it was because of the chip and she said the table side machine asks for ID verification.... But as I watched the screen through her glasses I NEVER saw that screen... there wasn't a prompt for her to request my id!! She profiled and I would NEVER patronize this restaurant again!!! NOT NOLA HOSPITALITY THAT IM USED TO!!!If this place survives I'll be amazed.  Ice tea was watery, shrimp were so overcooked they were impossible to peel. You have to pay for bread - which you WILL want to sop up the sauce from your seafood. Flavors were good  but ordering was difficult because our server really didn't know about the menu. My guess is that out of towners will like it but locals will want better. They should also reconsider the name. Nothing is boiled - it's steamed - as were me and my group. Don't waste your time or money. Go to Felix's or Acme.The food was good - it was a bit salty but still okay.
Giving 3 stars because our waitress wasn't really attentive to us.
I am a server also so I get it and try to be really patient but we only saw her like twice and when we asked her for
more cocktail sauce and refills on our drinks, she walked to the back and waited more than 5 minutes for the cocktail sauce to come out to bring our drinks instead of just bringing us our refills first and the waiting for the sauce???
Also when we paid out she kinda hovered over us while we put in the tip amount which made us very uncomfortable.
The table next to us had a waitress that checked up on them about 8 or so times which is awesome 
So it was disappointing that ours didn't care enough to check on us often and when she did come to the table she seemed annoyed when we requested more of something..
The food was good and the service was bad but food
Wasn't good enough to return unfoetuThis place is amazing! The atmosphere is great and kids friendly. The food was great also. Their oyster caviar was to die for. Charboiled oyster was great also. Boiled crawfish and shrimp with boiled house flavor was delish. Make sure to add the mushrooms with your boiled crawfish as it was on point along with the corn and potatoes. Would definitely come back and a go to for cajun eats.I really enjoyed the seafood  but the place is small so seating is limited but you can eat at the bar ... I expected it to be a much bigger place but the seafood make up for it ... it's yummy  I will return and excellent service as wellThe Crawfish Beignets are a MUST! They're sooo fluffy and fresh, you have to try these. I came here with a friend and there was no wait, we got seated right away and the staff was super attentive to our needs. We went when it wasn't crawfish season anymore but we still had it. 
The flavoring and sauce of the boiled seafood was okay. It was pretty salty, but the seafood tasted fresh. 
Worth a try if you're in the area!Great atmosphere. Great food. Great service. These are only a few pictures that I took before we dove in. Everything was delicious and plentiful. In addition to the pictures, we had gumbo, lobster Mac n cheese, alligator bites and the oysters. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in townTake out order. Tried the House, Caribbean, and Garlic butter seasoning. All delicious and will definitely be visiting again in the future.Had the gumbo- unique touch but I enjoyed it. Good ambiance and vibe with a small space so get there as you please. Wife and I got a pound of the shrimp each cooked Cajun and one cooked BOIL (their options for the seafood plates are a pretty cool concept) and then you get to choose your heat. My wife had medium and I had hot which had some good heat to it. Good spot on magazine!The Good: The service. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. 
The Bad: The Food. This was the most bland tasting food I have ever had in my life. It was served drenched in a mountain of very messy sauce that still failed to deliver flavor. I felt like I had to put salt on my boiled shrimp. The name is also deceptive because they steam the seafood as opposed to boiling it - this makes a huge difference in the taste and texture. 
Needless to say I will not return. I'm quite disappointed because I was excited when this place opened. I felt like we need a place that offers good boiled seafood in the uptown area.This boil house off the beaten path is a great stop for live crawfish and boil pots of other seafood goodies. The location is not suggested for large groups or people wanting a quiet atmosphere. The service can be hit or miss but the food makes it stand out.I must say that the food was absolutely delicious. The service was unacceptable. We were welcomed as a group 19 people and they said they were ready for us. However it was their first time opening their new upstairs room. Not only did only half of the food come out. The 2nd half never came out.. The second half is never made it and we were told they had run out of food yet half of our party was already eating. By the time we placed another order in they miscommunicated and still never made the food after waiting for nearly half an hour. Even though They have done all of this they still didn't offer to compensate us other than our drinks and we were not drinking!!! Oh and they had an attitude about it. Even the owner was called.  Too many other paces to go to deal with this.Super yummy food. The New Orleans chargrilled oysters are DELICIOUS! the Bayou rolls are awesome as well as the Bang Bang shrimp. We are definitely returning!