We went here for their New Years Eve dinner. They kept trying to change our reservations on us which was odd. They tried to move our 9 pm reservations up to 5 pm on the day of. Which was not possible. Then they finally agreed to a 7:30 pm time. We had made these reservations weeks before and had planned our travel arrangements around it. Not the best start. We rushed to get ready and get there. 
The menu was limited. I had the redfish bon ton which was rather bland even with what looked like a nice crust of seasoning. Another person at the table had the oysters alvin and said she felt like she could get the same thing for much less and with more flavor anywhere else. I tried the gumbo for an appetizer, again rather bland and lots of crab/shrimp shells. By dessert there were 3 options: bread pudding, butter pecan ice cream, or bread pudding with the butter pecan ice cream. Most of our party opted for the third option and all we could say was that it was good but that the whiskey was really overpowering. Taking a bite was like taking a shot. We enjoyed mediocre coffee and left with a nearly $700 check for 6 people with $80 a plate and 2 bottles of wine--we figured that wasn't too bad. But we did feel that we overpaid for rather bland food and a just ok atmosphere. We were rather packed in and it was hard to get out from the table and to the restroom. Lots of climbing and squeezing between chairs. 
The reviews that say go to mothers down the street are right. We did that on the last day of our trip and were not disappointed. Far more flavorful for a good bit less money.I love this place.  The service was great, and the bartender entertained us while we waited for the rest of our party to show up.  She explained all about the history of food and drink in New Orleans and made me the best sazerac I've had.  The food was excellent, the service was perfect, and it was a great start to my first trip to New Orleans.  I'm surprised to see there aren't more positive reviews here.  The only thing I can think is that it's maybe because the word "Cafe" in the title may be a bit misleading.  My guess is that a lot of people are expecting a more casual, cafe atmosphere so they are surprised by what they find and not in the mood for what they get?  It's a great place for authentic New Orleans cuisine.  No, you're not going to find a cheap, quick meal here, but that's what Krystal Burger and Lucky Dog stands are for! :)We went here for a business dinner while working our here in NOLA. The food was very good, the service great - just right and attentive. I had the redfish with crab in a lemon butter sauce, a side of cauliflower, and brussell sprouts. We had a shared appetizer of the fried catfish, grilled shrimp, and fried shrimp. Yum - not greasy, friend to perfection. The fish was so fresh, and the crab light just as it should be. The butter pecan ice cream was very good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the bread pudding. I like mine more "chunky" and this is more, um, solid, like southern dressing instead of stuffing. It was good, I just prefer the other style.Best jambalaya I have ever had.  Service was exceptional! Don't miss going to this place!I came here on a friends recommendation and was told this was the place for crab meat. Sadly they had no crab! It had been overcrabbed in Louisiana. The jambalaya was very good. And the drum with shrimp was nice, though likely better with crab meat on top. They made me a side of the creamed cauliflower even though it was only a dinner item. Enjoyed it. Would like to come back some time when there's crabmeat! Clearly a power lunch type spot. Went for a late lunch and was able to get a table quickly enough. The staff was friendly.Nice place, little expensive for the size of the portions. The place has a really nice ambiance or atmosphere lol we had the crawfish platter, lots of crawfish was really good. Wanted to the crab at gratin but red too many reviews that it was delicious but not worth the almost 40$ price tag for the size. 
We had the bread pudding and the pudding was delicious and really good but the whisky size I have to say was extremely strong and hard to taste.Excellent!  The food, service and ambiance is amazing. The Crawfish Etouffee is outstanding, and the bread pudding is excellent.My last meal in this New Orleans trip and it was phenomenal.  I am a big Turtle soup fan, and this one did not disappoint.  The sherry is on the table.  The salad dressing was a Cajun mustard vinaigrette - perhaps the finest tasting dressing I have experienced.  Main course was a fine crawfish etouffee.This establishment has been around for ages, and definitely has a very home-y decor. The seating arrangement / table is a tad small, but the food is the real deal. My family visited and ordered the crabmeat au gratin (oh-grah-tan) which was good and cheesy. The crawfish etouffee was authentic and made to perfection, and finally the pan broiled shrimp (which was had by my mom, a seafood fanatic) was described as amazing.The most authentic cajun New Orleans cuisine in the city. I love everything from the atmosphere to the food. We were greats by friendly staff and my steak was amazing. I had been looking for a restraint that felt like New Orleans and this was it!One of my clients hails from the New Orleans area and this was one of the places that she recommended we visit.  I was a little shocked to discover that their hours are very limited...  just lunch and dinner time Monday-Friday...  not open on the weekend!  You must have some game if you can limit your hours like that!
We stopped in on a Monday for lunch and were seated immediately.  Very homey atmosphere, it seems like you're eating dinner in someone's house with the checkered tablecloths and other décor.  The place was pretty busy, seems like there were a lot of business lunches going on.  Our server, Joy, was absolutely a joy!  In the spirit of the homey atmosphere, she was so friendly, helping us order and giving us suggestions, taking care of us like she was our aunt.  Wanting to try something new, we started off with turtle soup, which was very flavorful, but a little salty.  Tomato based with a little citrus, garlic, and onion, I think.  The meat was diced up into small bits.
Joy suggested we get their house mustard vinaigrette dressing on our salad, which was unique.  I ordered crawfish jambalaya and my wife ordered the crawfish etouffee and Joy brought us a side of onion rings and a side of greens with our meal.  Both dishes had a very generous helping of crawfish.  They definitely didn't skimp on the meat and boy was it tasty!  Both the jambalaya and etouffee were very similar in taste, the only noticeable difference once we mixed all the rice together was that the etouffee was a little more buttery and rich.  Both weren't spicy at all and were very tasty.  We had a great time here and would definitely recommend it!Bon Ton is a stalwart among restaurants doing a New Orleans type thing.  You get what you expect to get, at reasonable prices that will fill you up and leave you with leftovers more often than not.  i've never had a bad meal here, and I've found it to be a decent place for business discussions.So let's talk about the crabmeat au gratin.  Seriously, I love it's artery clogging deliciousness. My favorite version used to be a long closed restaurant on the lakefront. Not any more, this is now the platonic version by which all other versions shall be judged.  Y'know brother 4 warned me how good this place was (he gets to fancypants lunch on a work tab sometimes) and he was so right.  Don't tell him I said that, OK?
The decor is basic and the service is old school New Orleans, courteous, knowledgeable without putting on fancy airs.
I know I ate lots of other foods here which were all tasty, but honestly, when you find the platonic version of crabmeat au gratin in kind of eclipses all else.
And, oh, look, it's my 800th review.We were told by a local to come here. So glad we did. It's a new favorite! Not only is the food excellent the service is impeccable. Must Try!Crayfish Étouffée. Need I say more? And a good bottle of wine. 
I am from Rhode Island waaaaay up North but would rather eat in the South any day. I visited NOLA for the French quarter festival in 2012 and I am dying to get back there. Actually, my profile picture here on Yelp is me standing in Jackson Square in the warm breeze drinking my Hurricane :) 
I need to get back there not only for the sun shining all day and the big brass music on every corner, oh the music. But for the food, the absolutely beautiful appreciation for some damn good food. If people tried that hard up here, well no one would need to move south. 
I had the nicest waitress who wanted to hang out and drink with me later that night! She was the bomb dot com. She gave me some good tips on the best prices for drinks and food and ideas where I could stay next time I visited. Also, she was helpful with the menu and just made me laugh and feel so at home even though I was hundreds of miles from my real home. Cant wait to visit NOLA again and I will definitely be stopping by the Bon Ton Café asap.  
....holding my breath....I absolutely loved this place!  Went with some friends of mine last week, and will be returning this week on my own. The bread pudding with pecan ice cream is now my favorite dish!  Oh, and loved the service. They were friendly and helpful!Gumbo soup is very delicately good. Well balanced.  
Crawfish Jambalaya is too salty. 
Over all, the chef tried to achieve good taste. Alas, the entree is too salty.
So unfortunate.The main dishes here are fine - good examples of very traditional New Orleans cooking.  Redfish with crab and butter.  Crawfish etouffee; fried crawfish, etc.  But these dishes are besides the point. 
That's because the bread pudding here is possibly the best non-French dessert I've had in a decade.  I suppose on one hand if you pour cream onto bread, and then add whiskey sauce, it's almost always going to taste good.  But Bon Ton's is a cut above any bread pudding I've ever had.  Impossibly rich, to be sure, but delicious.  The sauce is monstrous - the whiskey is barely tamed, but you don't want it to be.
So come here; order something light for lunch, and don't share dessert. 
PS: They have chicory coffee, obviously. Get that with the pudding.The concierge at the JW Marriott suggested Bon Ton Cafe for a local establishment and who has the best crawfish etouffee. We didn't need a reservation thankfully despite the limited seating options. The staff was beyond professional and the youngest employee had ten years at the establishment. We were told the ink was still wet on their application for review until they had a minimum of 15 years. I believe that's a sign of a good company with such loyal and dedicated employees. Pat was our waitress and was full of knowledge and quite the saleswoman. We split a house salad which was fresh and crisp and we chose their homemade blue cheese dressing. For the entrees we had the crawfish etouffee which was served with a lemon butter rice and not the typical brown gravy. I was delighted with the presentation and lightness of the dish. You could taste the sweetness of the crawfish and the portion was impressive. We also had the redfish with crab imperial on top. It was absolutely heaven. The fish was light, seasoned perfectly and the crab imperial was flavorful and filling. We chose the buttered potato and Brussel sprouts for the sides. They were ignored because we didn't want to fill any stomach space that would eliminate us from eating the delicious  entrees. We ordered the house sour cocktail which has a secret recipe for generations. It sneaks up on you since it has three liquors that you can't taste. It was light and refreshing to enjoy with the humid NOLO's weather. The interesting fact is the Cafe sells the liquor by the quart and gallon. For dessert we finished with the bread pudding with caramel sauce and ice cream. It was smooth, Sweet and perfectly balanced. It was absolutely heaven. This restaurant was such a treat and I will definitely return to this property because the menu had so many choices. I would highly suggest this restaurant but if your not the type to open your wallet for delicious food then avoid it. The prices are not IHOP or McDonalds. You get what you pay for and it was worth it!Short and sweet... This place was awesome! Great food and service without being touristy. I would definitely come again.Hands down best crawfish etouffee I've ever had! Delicious! My friend ordered the crawfish jumbalaya and loved it. Love the old school charm. I recommend the Diane salad to start - comes with crabmeat and shrimp with an excellent creole mustard dressing. This was our first dinner in town for this trip and it was a perfect choice! YUM!Ordered the ribeye steak with their mushroom sauce and my girlfriend got the crawfish étouffée. Both were awesome and the ambience of the historic building made for a nice evening. Service was slow at times but overall a good experience.Old school NOLA like I love. We met the son of the original proprietor who now hovers and worries that all is perfect just as I imagine his father and mother did. Definitely a classy place. Can accommodate all attire from casual to white glove tux. It feels a lot like Antione's as it takes you back into the 1920's. The etouffee was some of the best ever. Every dish was exquisite. Try this place!Loved this place so much we ate twice on our stay here in NOLA! And what made our experience even better was our server Matt who on our first visit showed such pleasantries and when we came back 4 days later he remembered us and we got the same warm feeling of "welcome!" The ambiance is delightful as well as their food. You normally start out with a house salad which they recommend their house dressing. Both times I had the broiled shrimp which was delicious! My husband the first time had the crawfish bisque &shrimp & crab okra gumbo. The 2nd time he tried the shrimp Etouffee which tasted amazing! We both had the fried onion rings for our side and I've never had such amazingly, non-greasy, thin batter onion rings! On our 2nd visit Matt suggested their signature "secret recipe" cocktail drink "The Rum Ramsey." Let me say that it is well worth the try, almost tasted like a sour whiskey but better! And to top off our delicious meals of course we always had to finish with their famous bread pudding with whiskey sauce! So delicious you'll want to lick the plate! Definitely one of the more memorable dining experiences on our visit! Especially having Matt and other staff (didn't remember names) that were just as pleasant and hospitable! Thanks for a great experience!The ambiance in this restaurant is what I noticed first. Gorgeous exposed brick and cute chairs and tables with huge chandeliers! I ate so much too! We had the fried crawfish for an appetizer. Then the red fish Bon Ton - their special dish. That was the best entree I had in NOLA. Then we shared the bread pudding with pecan ice cream! Wow! The pecan ice cream was the best I've ever had! So glad I came here before leaving NOLA!Old school New Orleans! Red checkered table cloths. Wait staff looks like they are from the 1950's. Debbie, the owner, was there and keeping a watchful eye on everything. She was nice and helpfully. 
The crab grautin is off the hook. I'm not sure you can get more butter and cheese in a dish. Turtle soup was second only to Brennan's. Great steak, seafood and crawfish dishes. It's all great. 
Smiley face.The perfect prelude to a night out on the town.  I have been wanting to try the Bread Pudding with Whiskey Sauce for a while now and unfortunately, I was not heading out but the mix of deliciousness with an aroma of a superb cocktail has to be the perfect desert prior to a night out with friends.The gumbo tastes amazing. I had the eggplant and shrimp etouffee, and my boyfriend had the crawfish one. Both had a bit too much salt. Service is ok. Overall, it was a good experience.Made a reservation and was seated right away, but then waited while a server passed our table five or six times,  saying "I'll be right with you." Half an hour later.... cold bread.  $20 for bland and tasteless etouffee. $20 four fried catfish about as good as Cracker Barrel,  and soggy,  greasy onion rings.  Huge waste of time and money.Had the crayfish etufee, rum Ricky, and bread pudding.  All great. Oysters and catfish rid bits appetizer.  Food was wonderful. Staff excellent and very attentive.This restaurant made me feel as though I was eating in kitchen of an old New Orleans cook. Everything tasted the way I imagined the traditional food should tasted. And the staff was so welcoming you really feel at je in this lovely restaurant.This place is excellent! I had seen it featured in a food special on the Travel Channel and knew it was a must-try. I ordered the crawfish étouffée, which  was featured in the special, and it did not disappoint! (Side note: the crawfish étouffée at Channing Tatum's restaurant, Saints and Sinners, DID disappoint.) My fiancé, who was hesitant to order steak at a Cajun restaurant, was extremely impressed with his filet. The service was also exceptional - our waitress, Renee, made our experience there that much more enjoyable. She even invited us to have breakfast with her and some friends the next morning! If you're in New Orleans, go to Bon Ton Cafe. You won't regret it.After getting a recommendation from our concierge, we decided to try Bon Ton. The ambiance was wonderful, and the service was good. The staff here are what I call "lifers", and are experienced and hospitable. We arrived at 1;20, and I was a bit worried that the place closed at 2:00. However, that didn't seem to be a problem.
I ordered the crawfish etouffe, and my wife went with the red fish. We both got the steamed rosemary potatoes as a side dish. The side salad with mustard vinaigrette dressing was outstanding. My etouffe was a bit on the bland side. I was expecting a bit more flavor. My wife's red fish was similarly bland. And the potatoes were rather bland. I'm going to chalk it up to an off-day, since many of the reviews here speak so highly of the crawfish etouffe. I think I'd like to come back for another go next time. They just seemed to miss the mark this time.My favorite restaurant. I love love loved the crawfish bisque and the crab meat al gratin. Service is excellent.Must come here for the quintessential new Orleans seafood dinner.  The atmosphere is relaxed, the food was amazing (crawfish etouffe and jambalaya combo), and staff was great.  I might go back there again tonight.First meal I had in nola and still the best! Seafood is amazing and the bread pudding is not to be missed. Watch out though, they pour a lot of rum over the top so plan your drinks accordingly.  Staff was attentive and personable. Love that southern hospitality!When I die, two words will be etched on my tombstone: BON TON! 
It is among my top three or four "go to" spots in the city.
This wonderful little place is both casual and elegant and reeks of New Orleans hospitality. 
Food is classically New Orleans: Excellent quality ingredients prepared in ways that are unobstructed and straightforward. Seasoned properly, each dish speaks for itself to the delight of the senses. 
Service exudes Southern Hospitality, with the dining room presided over by the watchful eye of owner Wayne Pierce and his family. I was there tonight with a large crowd of out-of-town people. We literally took over half the dining room. I was the only local in the bunch (it was a national conference of which I was a part being hosted here in the city). Yet the Bon Ton's staff was utterly unflappable, with pleasant, efficient service and all dishes prepared with loving attention. 
Bon Ton excels in their famous Rum Ramsey cocktail, fresh fish dishes, and their Bread Pudding dessert swimming in whiskey sauce. 
Go there, make friends with the owner, return often.The best Redfish ever.   So fresh and amazing. The authentic bread pudding and pecan ice cream is sinful!  We come here every time we're in town!  Family owned and wonderfulVery nice dining experience, price is $$ but very good. Friendly staff, great service!! This is authentic Cajun style cooking at it's finest. I recommend giving this place a try!!Server was very nice but the food was ojay, especially for the price. Seemed like the food should be better for what we paid. There were several pieces of crab she'll in my crab au gratin, which was annoying, and the steak was a bit dry. Wine selection was nice and ambiance was nice. They were also oit of soft shell crab. I might try it again of I go back to NOLA.This place was referred to us by the concierge at Le Pavilion, and man am I glad I listened! 
I've lived in Louisiana my entire life, visited New Orleans countless times, and I've never heard mention if this place, but that kind of makes sense after surveying the crowd upon my entrance. Its by and large older locals, and maybe a few business travelers, but its small and made me feel like I've stumbled in on a hidden gem. The place was packed with only 2 empty tables, and when the hostess asked if we had a reservation, I was a little nervous. Luckily, she was able to seat us right away and we got started with our meal. My coworker and I both started with a dirty martini which was delicious, and decided on skipping the appetizers and going straight to entrees until several soup bowls passed by. After what seemed like an entire pot of soup passed me by, I decided - to hell with this, I MUST try a soup. I went with the Turtle, because it was late in the game and I knew the Crawfish Bisque that came highly recommended, would take too long. The Turtle soup was good and full of flavor, but I immediately regretted not getting the Crawfish Bisque. Damn you buyers' remorse brought on by plate envy procrastination! Anyway, by the time I slurped up my soup it was entree time so thankfully, I didn't have much time to self-loathe on my past choices. My entree was beautiful - broiled fish topped with 3 broiled oysters and a side of cheesy cauliflower. My coworker's crab au gratin also looked delightful with its boiling cheesy goodness, and she said it tasted good as it looked. My fish/oyster combo was blackened and light, and complemented the heavier cauliflower well. Part of me wishes the fish had some sort of butter sauce, even though the fresh flavor of the fish stood out without it - ah well, maybe that's just the Paula Deen in me. 
For a small place tucked away on Poydras that doesn't have a hotel attached or chef named John Besh, the food was very good. The options on the menu were not all that unique, but for high-end tourists and sophisticated locals looking for solid New Orleans/Creole fare in an old-school atmosphere, Bon Ton Cafe is a great option. I'll be back and I'll be having the biggest bowl they have of the Crawfish Bisque - I wouldn't dare miss out on that again.This is an old -fashioned Southern-style restaurant; nothing to write home about, but I can tell you, the who's who of NO (politicos, etc.) still eat there!  The food was uninspiring, and after eating in some of the newer, more innovative places, I was really unimpressed.
The room could use some fresh paint and new table ware. Our waitress, however, was an old pro, and very attentive and she's the reason for the second star!i'm surprised there are not better and more remarks on this place.
it was very very vey good. must start with the combo fried crawfish and catfish with the remoulade dipping sauce. VG. also, get the crawfish etouffe, what bon ton is known for. i got the shrimp which was also AMAZING. ask the waiter/waitress if you are undecided.
some people were dressed casual and some were dressy but the environment is casual, not stuffy at all but great food at somewhat stuffy prices.Cute little place just outside the main French Quarter area.  I went for lunch and really enjoyed the crawfish dinner platter (Etouffee, Jambalaya, Laurie, Omelette).  I have not had much crawfish in my life, but I think this was a good way to try the different variations of them.  I really enjoyed all of them, but the Jambalaya was my favorite.
The place is a little pricey, but the portions are very generous and the service is super friendly.We went to Bon Ton Cafe for Dad's birthday dinner this evening. It was a great pick on Mom's part, as we had not been there in ages, and Dad was a lunchtime regular at the joint before he retired from his job in the CBD 25 years ago. Dad got to visit a little bit with the owner, Wayne Pierce, and he reminisced about the good old days of the 1970s oil boom and expense account lunches.
There are a couple of dishes I love there. Debbie's salad is boiled shrimp, lump crabmeat and asparagus over lettuce. With their house Creole mustard dressing. it's perfect; it's very similar to the Godchaux salad at Galatoire's. I also usually get the crawfish bisque, which is increasingly hard to find at New Orleans restaurants. I skipped the salad tonight for the bisque but it was a mistake. It's not really crawfish season, and the bisque, probably made with frozen, or heaven forbid, imported crawfish, was good, but not, as they say, slap-yo-mamma good.
Bon Ton is famous in New Orleans for being the first Cajun restaurant in the city. The owners came from Terrebonne Parish and opened it in the early 1950s. The same family owns it still. You see the same dishes listed on the menu here as in most other NOLA establishments, but please don't ask me what makes Cajun and Creole different cuisines. Okay, I'll give you a hint: you start from the premise that Cajun food is food prepared by Cajuns and Creole food is food prepared by Creoles. The rest is up to you to eat and find out.
I can see how some people had bad or mediocre experiences here. I've had some mediocre dishes before, but at other times, the same dish was topnotch. So, consistency can be an issue, and that's disappointing given their prices. That, and not being open on weekends, means 3 instead of 4 stars.
Tonight was my first try of the crabmeat au gratin. It was swell. Mom's softshell crab was perfectly cooked; Dad's broiled drum topped with broiled oysters was tasty, and the bread pudding was as good as always. They'll even give you the recipe for it.Bon Mots for Bon Ton
Bon Ton Cafe is one of those places that has been around forever, always doing a good job.  Places like this seem to run on the maxim "if it ain't broke, don't fix it".  There's really nothing to fix here.  At the same time, Bon Mot isn't going to set the culinary world on fire.
We had made a reservation for 7:30pm and the place was crowded when we arrived.  Fortunately, our table was ready.  It is loud inside--very loud.  It was impossible to have any kind of a civil conversation.
Servers were friendly but rather perfunctory and more of a diner variety rather than the professional kind that the prices should demand.
Food was all very good.  Nothing was spectacular.  We had the Redfish Bon Ton, the grilled oysters and the crayfish dinner (4 preparations).  All were respectable.
We looked forward their famous bread pudding dessert.  It was good, but (again) not great.  It looked like it had been hole-punched out of a big pan and suffered from not enough crispy and chewy edges that gives bread pudding some needed texture.
I'm glad I went and i can strike off my list.  In a place like New Orleans with some great eating, this was fine but not a place I would rush back to.What you would expect if you were looking for a traditional creole/Cajun dinner.   Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Can't wait to come back!!Not a fan...I'm not sure if maybe I just ordered the wrong thing but I didn't like it at all.  I didn't care for the service or the ambiance (or lack of) of this place either.  It was rather noisy and the choice of decor turned me off.  The place also stunk (almost like Bourbon Street).  Maybe I just went on a really bad day but I wasn't impressed at all.We just had dinner this evening. The owners were great. Matt our server was outstanding. The food was above outstanding. The team work of the servers was top notch. The environment of the cafe was great!  We recommend the bread pudding with whiskey sauce which was also flavorful. In short we believe if you go there you will not be sorry. We were looking forward to a real New Orleans dinner and this cafe provided accomplished our wish. I have provided pic of the food and the son and daughter of the owners who were working this eveningI went with 2 friends.  We each had a Crab dish.  Mine was the Soft Shell Crab and it was amazing.  The soft shell crab was cooked to perfection and was covered with a mound of lump crab meat that was lightly seasoned - I could taste the richness of the seasonings.   
One of my friends had the Crab Au Gratin - it was delicious.  It was very rich and creamy.  Very yummy!  My other friend had the Crab Imperial.  It had piles of lump crab meat lightly seasoned.
If you want to be able to taste your food and enjoy generous portions of crab - I highly recommend these dishes.
The Bon Ton is certainly one of the best kept secrets in New Orleans.Solid but with the price you are paying, there are better places. Food was bland, which is crazy because this is a Cajun restaurant. I had crawfish etouffee, just really bland. Very little sauce at all. My friend had the gumbo which was much better. Service was fine, we only had one drink and didn't have desert which was looked upon poorly by the staff. 
Just ok. Wish I had gone to chophouse across the street.The place looks and feels pretty awesome. The food though is not as that great. I picked this place based on the Yelp reviews and given the $$ of the items, you would expect it to be good. The food was presented well, but was quite bland.Our waiter referred to the Bon Ton Cafe's offerings as Country Cajun. That probably means different things to different people. But the first thing I noticed was plenty of tempting selection that wasn't deep fried. 
I ordered  Bayou Jambalaya for an appetizer and Eggplant, Shrimp And Crabmeat Etouffee for the main course and both were drop dead delicious. That went well with their signature rum drink (that tasted like a whiskey sour) for starters and a shared bottle of Kendall-Jackson Red with the meal. Service was white table cloth and white jacket folksy, yet elegant. The rest of the room was also bustling and happy, as our group had a wonderful time enjoying the cuisine and each other's company.As highly recommend as this place was, it exceeded my expectations   With a very friendly and absolutely professional staff even be a party of one was not a problem
The fish blackened and cooked perfectly was topped with a sauce containing crayfish tails was excellent
Of course one should not leave without having one of, if not the best bread puddings (with whiskey sauce) I have ever had
Laissez Bon Temp RouleLegendary Crab Imperial, the Jambalaya is awesome, Turtle Soup is beautiful... a must stop while in Nawlins. Outstanding Rum Ramsey. Staff is impeccable.Great service! Good drink! Meal was bland! Had to send the veg back for reheating. Desert was fabulous.We have always loved the bon ton! The restaurant has been in business for over 100 years and Wayne and his family have owned the restaurant  for over 60 years. They have always made sure our meal and service is excellent. 
My husband and I stopped in for lunch on a Tuesday and we had an delicious meal.  We started with bloody Mary's (a must) and the fried catfish bites. My husband had never been to the bon ton and he was blown away with his fish entree (broiled black drum topped with grilled shrimp). I had the Debbie's salad topped with lump crabmeat, veggies and a creole mustard vinaigrette. The grand finale was the delicious bread pudding with a butter-whiskey sauce. Typically, I'm not one for desserts with liquor but this definitely adds a kick, yet not too harsh! 
the bon ton is old New Orleans favorite...Put it high on your list!I was very disappointed.   Had to flag down the host to get a server.  Rice had no flavor (boil on the bag?).  Entrees were uninspired.  Bread was dry cheap baguette.   I was by far the youngest person in the room, staff included.  And I Am 47.  Side dish broccoli and carrots were boiled into mush.  At $20 per entrée I expect more.My first visit to New Orleans. I wanted to have some authentic and delicious crawfish etouffee. This was the place. I loved the ambience of this restaurant. Enjoyed a glass of French white wine with my lunch.Pipper was an amazing host! Her suggestions on menu were amazing! Sit back, have a Rum Ramsey, and don't be in a hurry. We loved every minute of the atmosphere and the food did not disappoint! Oysters Alvin and Black Drum were AMAZING. Bread pudding with whiskey sauced topped it off. We will be back.Bon Ton Cafe reminded me of going to the Elks club with my grandma and grandpa back in the day. The decor will throw you off. It doesn't have fancy interior. They serve crackers and relish trays.Very reminiscent of going out to eat as a child.
I don't usually freak out over food like this. I can't explain how great this dish was. It was rich, decadent, cheesy, sweet, savory, just seriously beyond words. I suggest anyone that goes to New Orleans to try this dish. It is very rich so be prepared, but worth every moment of culinary bliss! Keep in mind, they are only open Monday - Friday.
Gabe tried the Crawfish Etouffee and loved it. I tried it but my mind was blocked by the greatness of the crabmeant Au Gratin.I love crawfish, and I couldn't wait to get some in New Orleans.  Our concierge steered us to the Bon Ton, because they supposedly have awesome crawfish etoufee.  We were not disappointed!  I had the etoufee, and my husband had fried crawfish with a yummy pink aoli.  Both dishes were incredible.  Service was excellent and the atmosphere is very cozy and homey.  I suggest you get reservations, as the restaurant is quite small, and it may be hard for you to get seated otherwise.  This place is pricey, but we felt the value was well worth it.Great spot. Our first food experience in NOLA and it was terrific. I had fried catfish and crawfish etouffee and my wife had the turtle soup and grilled shrimp. Great food and fabulous service.Great little restaurant.  Food was great, lots of crab meat.  Service was a little slow but worth the wait.Came just for the bread pudding after reading reviews and guides. Last minute we decided to get it a la mode with pecan praline ice cream on top.
It was super. And the big bowl of crackers was fantastic too!Restaurant was highly recommended by friends! Did not enjoy the soup, crawfish bisque, but suspect this is an acquired taste. Debbie's salad was okay, but did not enjoy the salad dressing. Main entree of fried oysters was excellent, and sides of parsley potatoes with sautéed Brussels sprouts was average. Our dessert of bread pudding was excellent and our waitress was lovely. Owner stopped by with my encouragement, and shared the history of the restaurant.Great turtle soup and fried catfish. Both came out hot and were delicious. Service was excellent. Highly recommended.Was recommended by several staff of the hotel I was staying at and they hit the bullseye. My girlfriend and I came here for dinner. Very cozy family style joint. We absolutely loved the jambalaya. Very fresh and decadent. Service is prompt and personal. We had shrimp and crayfish etouffe for entrees. both very good but we would be back specifically for the jambalaya. Great for any occasion!Went there tonight with a reservation and got our table within 10m. Enough time to get started with hurricanes. After that I also got their secret recipe rum cocktail and it was quite good. While the bar is small, the cocktails were done properly and not with pre-mixed sirups and the rum tasted of a decent quality.
For the appetizers we ordered the turtle soup and the crawfish bisque. The soup comes with a little flask of cherry so you can 'sweeten' it to your leisure. Both were very flavorful with a good balance of spices.
We followed with the veal chop and the crawfish dinner. The veal was generous and cooked exactly as ordered (medium well), oooh so tender... Yum. The crawfish dinner was a sampler of 4 plates. The crawfish tails were small like shrimps, few were longer tha. 1 inch but I assume that's from the season (dec 30) but they were plenty and generous quantity and still tasty (not fishy at all). One of the samples was just a bit on the salty side but the other 3 were just right. One touch I noticed was that they spruced *fresh* chopped parsley (most French quarter places we want to sprinkle dried parsley, and that tells me a lot).
After all that we were quite full and managed split a bread pudding. I grew up in a French town were every bakery sells bread pudding, and this was just as good. I was afraid that the whiskey in place of rum would not work as well but it was server with cream to mellow it and it worked perfectly.
Overall service was in par with the price. Portions were on the generous side for a restaurant with this quality. My only regret is that we could not make a reservation for New Year's Eve.Excellent food and service!! Great menu!! I highly recommend the griilled fish with grilled shrimp. The Rum Ramsey is their house drink and it is awesome.
We will definitely go back!!This is possibly one of the worst meals I have had along with the worst service. We waited forever to have our order taken and waited and waited for our food to come. It arrived cold with no apology. A horrible cut of meat, 10 broiled shrimp and a child's shrimp etoufee was 85.00. Horrible.I've been coming to Bon Ton for years and years. My dad (a New Orleans native, like me) would take me here as a kid to be fussed over by the waitresses, and would bring clients here way back when he worked for Gulf States. So there's definitely a level of nostalgia here that creates a bias that's hard to get around. But I still really enjoy the meals here. They've been open a very long time and, most importantly, they stayed open through the post-Katrina slump.
For one, this is not a showy, Bubba Gump or Emeril's kind of place. It's an old style New Orleans restaurant, where there are checkered tablecloths, but you're still expected to put on real shoes and long pants. This sort of attitude and atmosphere, plus the fact that they're only open on weekends for private events, keeps the tourists out for the most part (although not all, as I see looking at the past reviews) and keeps this place pure.
You will not get a cheap dinner here. You're going to be spending $20 or so per person. But that's about the same as most of the places in the Quarter, but for better food, and is A LOT cheaper than Commander's Palace or Galatorie's, where the food is comparable if not better, and you'll have to dress up even nicer. For drinks, I would honestly go elsewhere unless you're okay with a bottle of beer. Louisiana is not known for its wine, so why would you try to pair wine with its food?
As far as the menu items go, this is strictly creole fare, which is what I grew up with: jambalaya, gumbo, etoufee, etc. They do it very well. When the season isn't right, you will not get good crawfish, but this is the case everywhere unless they're shipping it in from Asia. So be aware of it and order accordingly.
Why I really gush about this place though is the bread pudding. This is the pinnacle of bread pudding: how it should be, at all times, no excuses. No fruit in the middle, no whipped cream on top, no chocolate sauce. I've had some horrible abominations and generally do not order it if I don't trust it. The cool thing is that they actually have recipe cards that they give out for it. My wife actually very successfully reproduced a few weeks later. However, she used french bread from Rouse's, that I had picked up before we left and had gotten appropriately stale. That makes all the difference. She tried it again with a locally made bread, and it was totally different. My theory on it is that it's due to the water: New Orleans water is some of the softest in the country. But the secret to the sauce is the whiskey. Be liberal with the whiskey. But, still, nobody does it better than Bon Ton.
I come here every return trip to New Orleans and bring people here, and will continue to do so. If you're coming for dinner, then make reservations at least a day in advance.Can I just say the food is AMAZING! The customer service is AMAZING! It definitely met my seafood needs! I was in search of great jambalaya and seafood this is the place! We got there at 5 when they open, and I thought it was VERY NICE that they started the night/our meal w a group prayer! A little pricey, but you will forget that after the first bite! I just wish there were more soda options than Diet Coke, Coke, and Sprite, but that is irrelevant to the Amazing food/customer serviceMy first lunch at the Bon Ton was in November 1978.  My most recent visit was dinner in December 2014.  From there to here, this. Jewel continues to be my favorite place in NOLA.
Turtle soup, crawfish étouffée, and bread pudding is my favorite combination but there are no poor choices when Mr. Wayne is at the helm.
Don't miss the Rum Ramsey cocktail.
Enough said!We chose this restaurant based on the Yelp review. It was the most expensive meal of our 10-day trip. The food was good but not outstanding compared to other meals I had in the city. The turtle soup was a bit too salty and off-taste. Gumbo was so-so. The main dishes (shrimps & oysters) were OK. The highlight was the bread pudding! Very tasty. Considering the cost to value, I wouldn't return.An old New Orleans staple. At lunch there is a mixture of tourists and people who have been coming for years---and whom the waitstaff know by name. The crayfish jambalaya is certainly dependable, and then there is the bread pudding with whiskey sauce: for years the best custardy, whiskey accented, bread pudding in New Orleans.Bon Ton was our first New Orleans meal.  The service was very attentive, it is an appealing space, and it is very clean.
We ordered grilled fish with grilled shrimp, creamed cauliflower, turtle soup, crawfish ettouffe, and brussell sprouts, and took an order of bread pudding with whiskey sauce to go.  We also tried their signature drink, the Rum Ramsay.
Rum Ramsays are good and potent.  The turtle soup was tasty but a bit salty (perhaps my fault for adding too much sherry?).  The fish and shrimp were perfectly cooked and flavorful.  This was my first time having ettouffe, and I'm not sure what I was expecting.  I thought the rice was a bit watery, but the ettouffe was good, though not particularly flavorful.
Side dishes:  One miss, one hit.  The "creamed cauliflower" was not creamed; rather, it was cauliflower in a velveeta cheese tasting sauce with some breadcrumbs on top.  The brussel sprouts were delicious.
The bread pudding itself was fine, but the whiskey sauce was good (and potent).  
As an experience, it was a very nice place to eat.  The menu is fairly standard for New Orleans, and although I do think it was priced a bit high I would eat here again.Probably the best red fish meal I have eaten. Perfectly prepared. Tender and tasty with just the right mix of favors. I rarely give reviews and rarely do I pice such high praise but it was that good. Ambiance was was simple like a family restaurant or even a supper club but don't let that deter you.A great place for a special meal--too expensive for the everyday.
This place was recommended by the concierge at the JW Marriott as a great local place, and she was right.  This is a family run restaurant that reminds me of the best bistros in New York or San Francisco.
New Orleans and Creole food done right!  The gumbo was wonderful.  Their diverse fish and seafood menu for appetizers and entrees was great.  The bread pudding with whiskey sauce was fabulous! 
Check this place out.  Highly recommended.Went here because of the bread pudding reviews.  Arrived after eating elsewhere and asked if we could just have dessert. Staff were very gracious and seated us. The only dessert apparently is the bread pudding. It was served with butter pecan ice cream. It was not at all what we expected in a huge piece that was a bit gelatinous with mediocre flavor. It was quite disappointing.