Best. Jerk. Chicken. I have had in NOLA. This little hole in the wall place has true authentic Jamaican food. Only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is because their mac and cheese tasted like it came from a box. But their jerk chicken is amazing. Smoky and well seasoned, it's what I always get. I've never been for the buffet but if you go just for dinner, expect to wait a little on your  food. It's worth it because you can tell they are making everything freshOmg! It was my first time here, and Boswell's definitely did not disappoint! The food was hot and seasoned just right! I loved everything about it!Very limited parking! Very poor customer service. The food is not really what I was expecting after reading all of the reviews for this place. The food is very bland to be Jamaican food. The only positive about this place is the brightly colored decor.The best Jamaican spot in New Orleans. Hands down, anyone would enjoy m, if not then y'all got no taste budsBest Jamaican food I've had in Nola. Wish they gave more plantains with the meal and had later hours.Ok, so I visited Boswell last week. The service was better this time. I actually phoned in my order for pick up. Quick and timely service.  Kinda pricey, $16 for one meal. Peas and rice portion was sorta dry. Jerk chicken was awesome. Owner very serious yet friendly this time.Try the Jerk Chicken Po'boy you won't be disappointed.  The lunch buffet is AWESOME!  Best mac n cheese in the cityThis restaurant is a hidden gem outside of the tourist trap that is the French quarter. The hostess was super nice and patient with walking us through their buffet policies. The lunch buffet was very affordable, and there were many delicious options including fruit! I'm so glad we chanced upon this place, and I hope more people come to this establishment.Awesome place!  Traditional caribbean cooking that is hidden away on Tulane.  I have probably driven past this place 100 times before noticing it the other day.  Had the lunch buffet but you can order items from their menu.  I need to try the curried goat next time! Check it out!Yea, so I was craving some jerk chicken and found myself on Tulane Avenue and decided to check out Boswell's.
Got there right after they opened, but the buffet table was primed and ready. This trip I decide to order it to go.
It's a well laid out little restaurant. Colors are vibrant. Generous table seating.
Parking lot that might get a little tight during busier times.
I decided on the jerk chick and pork combo. There was a little miscommunication regarding the two sides that went with the order. They got one out of two correct, but they included delicious plantains and a warm cabbage preparation that reminded me of cole slaw, without the dressing. It was excellent. The chicken and pork were very good, but the chicken was better. Pork was a little dry, but they include a sauce that took the edge off the dryness.
All in all, good eats. Reasonable price and a generous portion...Had enough for lunch and dinner.
Next time I have a guest in town, we are going to check it out again and do the buffet.Had the curried shrimp with rice and peas. Steamed veggies. It was sooooo delicious!
Big ups!Went for lunch yesterday, very clean, low key atmosphere.  I read many comments about a rude owner, didn't see or hear him.
Buffet consisted of 3 mains, Curry Chicken, Jerk Chicken and Ox tail. Three sides, rice and beans, white rice and vegetables.
I enjoyed everything on the buffet, perfectly seasoned, cooked to fall off the bone consistency.
Will definitely be back for more.All I can say is jerk chicken?  You know that's right.  I ordered the jerk chicken meal for takeaway and was pleasantly surprised.  With family in Puerto Rico I hold Carribbean style foods to a high standard.  I received a huge portion in my takeaway container with very well-seasoned and tender chicken pieces with just enough heat and a spicy sauce on the side.   The rice and peas were flavorful and best with the leftover jerk chicken sauce, and the calalloo was a lovely surprise and mixed well with the rice and peas.  I finished with the included fried sweet plantains, which are always a favorite of mine.  All in all it was around $15 including tip, so definitely worth it.  I will certainly be back when I'm hankering for some jerk chicken (especially when watching Psych) and am also looking forward to trying some of that curried goat.I will give them a solid three stars for their jerk chicken alone, which had a really pleasantly spicy and smoky flavor.  We needed to order "extra chicken" to go with every jerk chicken dinner order, though, because they were less than generous on our first two visits.  We went three times (which tells you how much we enjoyed the chicken), and on the third trip they recognized us as "regulars" and were much more generous with the chicken portions in the jerk chicken dinner.  The first two times we went, they were a little less so.  Again, we did go *three times* during our visit to New Orleans which is a testament to their jerk chicken alone.  Their jerk pork was lousy (second visit) and the curry goat (first visit) was the worst that I have ever experienced in my life.
Other stuff:  The rice and peas are great.  The plantains are great.  The veggies are great.  The mac-N-cheese is great.  Avoid the curry goat.*Sigh* I really want to like this place, but I've given up. My first experience her was blah. After letting more than a year pass by and having a strong craving for Jamaican food over the weekend, i decided to give it another chance. I mean how hard is it to mess up jerk chicken? Apparently it is. I got two to go plates and when we opened them up I literally wanted to turn around and get my money back. The chicken breast was so dried out and flavorless. I couldn't even understand how they thought that was acceptable to even serve to customers. The rice and peas and veggies were fine but who wants that when ur main attraction is gross? Fortunately my husband went back up there and the staff was nice enough to give us some more chicken. I definitely won't return for it in the future though. On a more positive note, my beef patty was delicious and I would go back to get another one. 
Overall two stars for the food and an extra star just for good customer service because they really do excel in that area.This being my third time here over quite a span of time,  I'd say about the past two years, they've yet to disappoint. By some force of nature, i've only been during buffet hours and the food has always been amazing. I've seen some reviews of people bashing this place because you won't get five-star, white table top treatment from the staff, but why would you expect that from a Carribean joint on Tulane Ave? Plus, it won't matter once you taste the food.
The inside is that of a typical Carribean restaurant. If you've ever been to one you'd know that a lot of them do not focus on decor, but, the food itself, which is more than good enough for me. Like i said, I've only been during buffet so i have yet to try any take-out. Normally when i hear buffet, i'm thinking massively processed food thats been sitting out for who knows how long, loaded with MSG or some other barf-inducing additive. Boswell's is not the place to have any of those concerns.
I'm pretty adventurous when it comes to trying food, so needless to say, when i got my plate, it was open season on that food bar. The jerk chicken is perfect, there was something else in there that had like chicken and pineapples in this sauce, oh man! Rice is on point, fresh fruit and salads, infinite refills on the lemonade and tea, i mean, c'mon! About twelve-thirteen dollars is what the buffet will hit for per person.
I ate two plates (which is normally my max at a buffet) and was right where i wanted to be. I didn't feel beat down and slow from the meal either. It was a healthy blend of good eats. I have to come here more often.We were excited to try Boswell's but our experience was awful. Perhaps it was an "off" day, we were the only patrons. Server skipped all the formalities and flatly asked what we wanted. We ordered a jerk chicken plate, a couple sides and some kind of Jamaican soda. Our meal was a let down - nothing fresh or quality. Chicken was super tough with little meat and lots of cartilage (yuck!). Patty tasted reheated, maybe from frozen. Drink was undrinkable, far too sweet and artificial. Atmosphere is thoroughly charmless. We certainly won't come back.It is with much delight that I write this review of Boswell's Jamaican Grill.  My family and I had the pleasure of holding my college graduation dinner at this restaurant. The owner, Boswell, is one terrific and most hospitable gentleman.  He went above and beyond to cater to our every need, food, fun, and frolic.
Food: superb!! We are talking authentic Jamaican cuisine-the real deal, no make shift entrees here.  My guests were mostly Jamaican and they enjoyed and raved about every dish-jerk chicken-on point, rice and peas-nailed it-fried plantain, slam dunked, curried goat-straight from the island, greens, fresh and not soggy nor greasy, and the escovitch fish? deliciousous- My grandma who is from Jamaica too, loved every morsel.  Some folks were from Jamaica by way of NY and were astonished to find that there was "a real Jamaican, back a yard Jamaican eatery" in of all places, NOLA.  He even served a refreshing island punch.  Dessert was a strawberry cake with pineapple and cream topping-an original island flare that served to bring the entire dining experience to a wonderful closure.
As if that was not enough, he (Boswell) actually closed the restaurant for the occasion. How cool is that?? So, for your next dinner party-think of doing something special and call Mr. Boswell.  You will be glad you did!
Remember, big is not always better AND at Boswell's you will be treated like royalty by folks who really care.  We Sure Did!
OOps! Almost forget, there is a bar that serves a variety of real Jamaican soft drinks and of course good ole Red stripe beer to wash down the spicy Jamaican Jerk Chicken. 
Happy Xavier gradBoswell's old location on S. Broad was a frequent favorite of mine prior to Katrina.  The new location is 3521 Tulane Ave. and I'm glad to see him back in business.
Now here's the review... ready?
Would you like Jerk or Curry Chicken?  With some Callaloo?  And Rice and Peas?  And you have $10 in your pocket?
Boswell's
There is none better in town.  
Enough said.I came here for lunch with a pretty big group of friends (13-14 people) and had the lunch buffet they offered. It was easy to seat us because there weren't that many people and we just had to move some tables around. I wanted to try the Jamaican drink "ting" but they didn't have it in stock.  They had a variety of chicken with sides like rice, pasta, salad, etc. The only item that stood out to me was the curry chicken which was so fireeee (as in yummy!). It kind of reminded me of home cooked curry chicken. I remember the flavors of the other chicken dishes being very unique and good as well. For the cost of the lunch buffet, it was worth it.
As for the atmosphere, I felt like there were a lot of flies roaming around inside, giving the place an unsanitary feel, and it felt like the AC wasn't on at all, but they had ceiling fans. Parking is very limited in front of the restaurant; street parking might be better. If you don't really care about all that, then this is a perfect place for a quick lunch.Vegetarian dream lunch that I can eat off of at least twice is the roti. Everyone here is so nice. Pleasant attitudes and tasty food make for a great Caribbean spot in midcity! 
 It can get a bit crowded at lunch, so if you're in a hurry call ahead.I absolutely love this place. The people are friendly and the food is amazing! The curry chicken is seriously addictive! I come here for lunch! You may pass it up as it's hard to find next to an auto body shope but it's clean inside.Best JA food around! I drive all the way from Slidell....everything here tastes fantastic! Everyone should try this place at least once.Had heard of this place several times & So Glad we decided to pass by this evening.  BF had the Jerked Pork, caliloo & mac n chz.  He ate every single bit (ok, I helped with the mac n chz).  I had the Stewed Brown Chicken, Rice n Beans, & caliloo...  Very Yummy and filling.  Love the plantains!  & I did actually get a bite or 2 of the coco bread.  BF inhaled that as well.  And they have Ting!  Price is rite at 33 bucks. Especially since I had a Red Stripe too!The jerk chicken here is my favorite meal, with macaroni and cheese and a side of salad. I love that the plate comes with a side of plantains! The only downside is that my jerk chicken wasn't as flavorful as my friend's jerk chicken, but that's really nothing to distort your perspective about going here. I highly recommend Boswell's!This place is such a hole in the wall find but the food was amazing. I was a little worried about finding something I could eat since I'm a vegetarian but they had a small section of the menu dedicated to vegetarian food.  It is a little confusing when you first walk in because there is no one there to tell you what to do but we walked right up to the counter and ordered and the guy told us to find our own seats.  Would definitely recommend this place!If you're passing the BROAD GLASS sign you've driven too far!
This is my FAVVVVVEEEEEEORITTTTEEEEEEEE place to eat in this city. HANDS DOWN!
I could eat anything on the menu really but what keeps me coming back is: The oxtail plate with broad beans. I get the cabbage occasionally but I usually order double rice and EXTRA GRAVY!!!! On a few occasions I've even been lucky enough to get double plantain at no extra cost to me which is HEAVEN and really NEVER happens. 
Also get a Ting if the gingerbeer seems too spicy. Thank me later.
The service is always friendly but also super curt - know your order because it is counter service. I call in my order most of the time because lets be real - they keep the news on in the place and it's super depressing. It'd be dope if they showed carribbean comedies on those huge flatscreens or at least something a lil' less polarizing.
Also! they have events here and I'm also forgetting exactly when so I've never gone but when I do! you're gonna hear about it.This is traditional Jamaican food prepared to order or they serve a very good buffet for those who may be unfamiliar. Those who are familiar will be satisfied and delighted with the curry goat and red snapper dishes (cooked to order). The jerk chicken and patties are usually always ready or served quickly. The rice and peas are good also. You will also note a small Carribean store selling commonly used seasonings cheeses soup mixes etc. Say hello to the chef and tell him you read my review.Let me first start out with, I have never really had Jamaican food that I can really recall. So my perception of what "real" Jamaican food might taste like shall be a little skewed to, let's say, the amateur side. However...
This place is pretty fantastic. Although their combo plates are solid (i.e. they have jerk chicken, lamb, fish, or whatever, etc with rice, plantains), their buffet is really good. 
They have a variety of choices from the jerk pork (or chicken?), curry chicken, beef stew, salad (vegetable side), white rice and a red bean rice. With a great variety of things to taste and re-taste, you can chow down on the sheer awesomeness of tasty delicacies. 
But do note that the buffet is only open for a short while, maybe 11AM-1PM, depending on their volume of customers. I've actually gone thrice looking to partake in their buffet but only  once was I able to make it to the buffet. So my suggestion is go before 12PM b/c the buffet should be hot and plenty. If you go to late, you might be ordering one of their plates, which doesn't have the variety in the buffet.
All in all, the food is very delish -- I would have said "delicious" but they serve their own word to describe the sheer awesomeness of the food.
Then why the 4 out of 5? Well, their service isn't Road-runner fast, more like dial-up pace. Effective but not efficient. 
2) Their buffet is not always up and running so that is a major fail.
3) The location isn't ideally suited to drum up great business. They'd do a whole better if they move somewhere else. 
4) Their parking lot is minimal so street parking is your second option.
But in terms of delectable tastiness, I'd give it a 4 out of 5 b/c it is definitely good and highly recommended. Word.The food here is great, however the service here is horrible. Today was the second time that I have walked out of the restaurant due to poor customer service. I just wanted to place an order to go. I got there and sat near the bar area. It was kind of busy and I understood. However, it would have been nice to have been acknowledged so I could feel that you at least noticed I'm right here. The gentleman who takes the orders literally did everything above the sun and never said anything to me. I had been waiting for about 10 mins just sitting. I even got my money together so I could have it ready when he took my order and still nothing. I just got to the point where I was irritated and walked out. I've had the same issue before when the place was not as busy and walked out as well. Again the food is great here, but I don't think I'll ever be back after today's experience.A little overpriced, but still worth it. It's also pretty close to what you would expect from a stateside Caribbean restaurant.Excellent Jamaican restaurant. Nice small neighborhood spot. A must try if you like Jamaican food. I recommend the Jerk pork and jerk chicken plate also there is a side jerk chicken breast.After riding round looking for some good Jamaican food. We found our spot. Very laid back, customer service was good. Very nice place. I would recommend this restaurant.I love the authenticity of this restaurant. Last night I ordered the whole fish for the first time typically when I go to this location I would always get brown stew fish or a jerk dish. I'm so happy that I stepped outside of my norm and tried the fish it was amazing I can't wait to go back I think I have a new favorite dish. Seriously though next time I go back I will be having the oxtails..it's been too long since I've been to Jamaica ,but the cuisine here is close to my heart. So happy that we can go to Boswell's it's worth it. A little Jamaican in the city! #JamaicanoproblemWe went for the lunch buffet. We chose that although the whole menu is available . The jerk chicken was great and so was the chicken curry. The beans with pork was delicious. The only misses for me were the mac and cheese (not bad just not great) and the veggies (cabbage, broccoli and carrots) were a little dull. The service was friendly and prompt. We enjoyed our meal and it was a good deal for 10$ a person. The parking lot gets really crowded really quickly. Don't panic. Everyone was very nice about moving cars around to let out anyone who was blocked inI had the jerk chicken & enjoyed it. It was seasoned well & tasty. I will return to try other items in the future.Finally got to check this place out and soooo glad we did. My wife was skeptical as she has lived with a Jamaican family in Miami at one point but as we were seated we instanty knew this was gonna be great. The service was great and the chef was out and talking to us. LOVE HER! I had the goat curry with rice and beans and still salivating. I will most definitly be back. My wife fell in love as well. Do yourself a favor and try this joint! You won't regret it, I promise.Good chicken and greens. Way too pricey, and the cabbage was really bland. Would not go here again and the man who answered my phone was very rude. He didn't take my name and just hung up on me and when I called back and was going to give him my name he told me to just come. He then hung up on me again. They were not busy when I got there so there was no excuse for his behavior. Oh well.Had the fried fish, with plantains and carribean rice and beans...over-all that meal was ok...the fish (talapia) could have had more seasoning on it and the beans and rice were also a little bland in taste...The service was slow, they only had one person taking orders when I arrived on a Saturday evening (about 630ish)..This is a Great Buffet. It's small but quality. I go semi-regularly. The peach tea is wonderful. Unfortunately I always overeat and never feel good leaving.GREAT FOOD!!  However, the restaurant is less than impressive and more closely resembles a warehouse.  Don't expect the greatest service either as the owner/waiter/bartender isn't the friendliest.  But the food(which is the most important part) is excellent.  I usually order the food to-go, which takes ~10 min.  I've read elsewhere that they have a lunch buffet, but I've never seen it.  I recommend the jerk chicken and/or pork with calalloo and rice and peas.  You can't beat the quality of food for the price.  This is now one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. Do yourself a favor and check this place out, you won't be disappointed in the food.Boswell's gets 3 stars for being on Tulane, a street that is always in need of more restaurants.  But this restaurant's location also takes away from it's offerings.  The inside is sparsely decorated and doesn't seem to have the best layout.  But thank god it's on Tulane.
I arrived with a group of 7 friends, all of whom decided to get the buffet because they didn't want to wait.  I ordered the vegetarian curry, which was delicious, though VERY oily.  just because it's veg doesn't mean it's healthy... I only had to wait about 10 minutes from my order to get it.  It was large enough to feed two easily.
Everyone that I was with was raving about the mac n' cheese, though I thought it just average.  The selection of Jamaican beers was nice, and my friends had ginger beer and grapefruit soda.  Yum.
If you come to Boswell's, make sure you go for the meat.  It seems like the rice and beans, veggies, and bread are average.  The meat was what everybody else was raving about.I am a new fan of Jamaican food thanks to Boswell's. I was on the edge of hangry-ness when my boyfriend suggested going here since it had been recommended to him. I ordered the lamb curry with rice & peas and mac n cheese and he got the jerk chicken with the greens and rice & peas. Both were 5-star ratings! The mac n cheese isn't overly drenched in cheese sauce which I prefer and the curry was seasoned to perfection, although I had to pick out a decent amount of bones so watch out for that. Ther jerk chicken had a nice rub on it and wasn't dried out. I look forward to going back and trying the buffet.Call me picky if u want. But I know good Jamaican food when I taste it. And this was not up to par as I expected. After hearing my husband rave about this place and it's buffet, I decided to give it a try and got some plates to go. Since there aren't many Jamaican spots in NOLA, I figured why not give it a try. The first thing I noticed when opening up my plate was how small the portions were. Hmmmm...not happy with that at all. Overall, the food was just ok. And I'm not just saying that because of the portions. My chicken was blah and my husband commented that his goat was just ok. As far as sides (steamed cabbage, macaroni), definitely not anything to rave about. I will say the rice and peas were good though. Would I come back? Possibly but not anytime soon.I haven't been to the restaurant yet so I can't give it a 5 star but the plate I had at an outdoor festival was out of this world!!  I actually tried it at the festival because an employee at an African food restaurant in town said this is her favorite place for foods from other regions.  
I had the calalloo, rice and peas, and fried plantains.  The meal was really hearty and so flavorful.  The plantains were so delicious!  At French Quarter Fest I had the veggie patty and it was really good, my meat eating boyfriend really liked it, too.  
I haven't had Jamaican food before and now I'm hooked!  I can't wait to go to the restaurant for more.  Whenever I'm near the address I try to look around for it but I have yet to actually see it.  It must be a little hidden.I would've given 0 stars, but app doesn't allow.  Absolutely horrible service!!!  Not enough money in the world to make me go back!  This was me and my husband's  first and last time!!! Haven't even eaten the food yet, but my appetite is already spoiled!  Service is such a big part of eating out and they failed miserably!  And to top it off, there were knats flying all around the restaurant!  Luckily we got our food to go!  Bottom line- don't waste your time!!!  There's other Jamaican restaurants in New Orleans.My sweetheart and I went in for lunch a few days ago. He was a once upon a time regular; this was my first trip in. 
We decided on the lunch buffet, we wanted to same because I am not as familiar with Caribbean food as he is. 
In a few words: SO disappointed! Dirty tables, flies - most of the food on the line was room temp, regardless of whether it was meant to be hot or cold. The one waitress in there that was actually working was doing everything: Filling buffet, bussing tables, taking orders, seating people. It was amazing in it's inefficiency. One guy behind the bar, kinda taking drink orders, one man sat at the bar, rolling silverware but mostly talking. All this, during the height of lunch. It was total chaos. 
The food? Totally lackluster. Dry chicken, watery greens, basic kitchen mac n' cheese...pretty yuck. 
I know this place is an institution, and perhaps the regulars have gotten used to a certain level of grime. 
My hunny said he didn't remember it being the way we experienced it.
IMO, the ownership needs to deep clean, organize operations and get re-excited about their business.  Best of luck to them.
We won't be back.Was looking for oxtail and this was a great find .. food was tasty and service was goodI would always hear my momz and her co workers discuss what they will get every Friday from Boswell's. I use to myself I am going to Boswell's when I become an adult. Well I moved away at 16, returned the year of Katrina (four months prior) and I forgot all about Boswell's, until now that is. 
Jerk chicken and Curry chicken is what I recommend for you all to try. If you all ever wondered what the food taste like from that beautiful colorful island, well head on down there to Boswell's and let you taste buds bring you to Jamaica while you are on your 30- to an hour lunch break. You won't leave disappointed. 
The meat on the bones is so moist that it melts in your mouth as you rush to take another bite. The food is seasoned very well and some of it is spicy to others but it is just right for me. 
Oh darn you Tropical Storm Cindy for causing me from eating at Boswell's todayVisited this place this afternoon and will NEVER go back. The owner did not greet us or even take our drink order. She walked past us 3 times and even made eye contact. The restaurant was not busy at all! My friend walked up to the bar to ask for service and THE OWNER said do you want the buffet or are you ordering from the menu?! We decided to quietly leave. I was warned prior to going,about her attitude but I tried to give the benefit of the doubt, however I will never spend my money there.absolutely delicious! Great tasting, healthy and satisfying food. I have run in a bunch of times to grab a chicken patty and its always hot, fresh and right on time.Excellent food. My husband got the jerk chicken and pork and I got the curried goat, both were really good. So much flavor! I thought that everything was spicy enough but my husband added hot sauce, it was so good we ended up buying a bottle. Washed it all down with a pink Ting. I want to try the buffet next time.This was amazing. I've been craving Jamaican food ever since we returned from our honeymoon, and Boswell's has been on my radar. We finally made it over to Tulane Ave for lunch today and it was certainly worth the trip.
Service is slow. Very slow. This is the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars. We waited about 5 minutes to get a menu, another 5-10 mins before ordering, probably 30-40 minutes for our food to arrive (except the patties - those came immediately), and no drink refills on our water. 
All of that being said, the staff was friendly. They even gave my little one a complimentary drink of something they made... it tasted almost like an Arnold Palmer.
We didn't try the buffet. Maybe that's the way to go if you want a speedy lunch, but alas, no buffet on the weekend. 
However, ordering off of the menu allowed us to try their amazing food cooked fresh. The food itself deserves 5 stars.
Little one had a mild beef patty and she ate my plantains. She ate every last bite. Impressive, since she's usually picky.
I ordered the Curry Chicken plate with rice/peas(beans) and steamed veggies. For some reason I envisioned the usual steamed broccoli side at most restaurants, but this was shredded cabbage and carrots. I love cabbage, so this was awesome. The chicken was cooked perfectly as well.
The hubby had the Jerk Chicken & Pork, along with mac & cheese and the rice/peas. He somehow managed to eat all of it. Oh, and the jerk sauce was delicious (yeah, I stole a bite or two).
At $10-ish per plate, it was a LOT of food, so it's a good value. Just make sure you are hungry before coming in. 
Next time, I'm going for the Roti, as I've been craving that since I found the little roti shop in Grand Cayman. Yeah, I'll be back.I had a weird first time experience here. I paid with my card but supposedly the cashier/server/co-owner or something pressed the wrong key on their cash machine and select Cash instead of Card and so I was asked to go to an ATM, get cash and come back to get my food. Long story short, it was just terrible and an inconvenient experience and I don't want to blame this place totally. I am sure it's probably not the usual, I hope not. But still worth 2 reviews. The food was good though, and makes up for that weird first experience.Oh my God the curried goat was awesome I enjoyed that so much I order another to go home with me. Highly recommend you all try. Great food .Good home cooking. The owners are sooooooo nice. Its ALOT OF TASTY FOOD. A good amount of vegetarian options.  You are going to need to be rolled out of this place because the portion sizes are HUGE!!!Everything here is mouthwatering!!! 
During lunch, they serve buffet for $10!
Ackee and salt fish on Fridays!!!As far as I'm concerned.  This is my "go-too" place for Jamaican food.  It's always tasty, made pretty quickly, the service is impeccable and their reasonably priced.  And did I say conveniently located?  What more can I say?  Phone and order..Haven't really had authentic Jamaican food before, so I do not know what to compare this to, but this place is very tasty! I love how they have a whole vegetarian section of the menu. For me, I enjoyed the veggie patty and the rice and peas most. Everything else was still good. I would love if they would add some jerk tofu or jerk something, that would definitely complete the vegetarian menu! I also love the colorful artwork inside, pictures of Jamaica, and the staff is very friendly. Thank you for this great experience, and remember, Jerk Tofu!! Haha update: I went back a few times and got the veggie roti, that is amazing! It's huge and a great deal for the price and its delicious!I absolutely loved it! The place was clean with an authentic feel to it and the food was great! It had big portions and was very tasty. I look forward to going back real soon.I know good Caribbean food when I taste it and this is some of the best authentic Jamaican food in city.  Hands down.   I've gone to other Caribbean restaurants in the city and they were no where near as good.  It's not the watered down American version of Jamaican food, but real Jamaican food that's spicy and full of flavor.  I always get the Brown Stew chicken and it's better than mine and my mother in-laws (sorry).  It's so good.  I also love the cabbage and the rice and peas.  The cabbage was perfectly cooked, nice and crunchy.  The rice and peas were also perfectly cooked with the right texture.  People think it's supposed to have the texture of risotto, but that's not the case.  It's supposed to be a little dry.  Boswell's gets our stamp of approval and we are Belizean.  It says a lot when most of the patrons are Jamaican or from various Caribbean countries.Best (and only as far as I know) Jamaican joint in town. Very friendly laid back staff, good service and great hearty food. They carried ginger ale that I have not seen anywhere else in the city. Got the curry lamb with mac and cheese and plantains. Good stuff!We're from the Caribbean so we were delighted to find Caribbean food in New Orleans. My husband and I got the curry goat and the ox tails. I must  say everything was so tasty. The owner as really nice. We thoroughly enjoyed it. No regrets!!I went to this place for Jamaican style food served as buffet fare and I will be back soon.  I really enjoyed experiencing the different way the food is prepared.  The curry chicken was prepared with seasonings and spices that I am not so familiar with but tasted great.  The ox tails in brown gravy were very tender and the meat was removed from the bones effortlessly.  The peas and rice were a bit dry, but I am more accustomed to red beans and rice, New Orleans style.  The steamed vegetables were a great side dish.  The house salad with homemade honey mustard dressing was terrific. The Jerk Chicken tasted great as well, however it was somewhat tough.  I initially thought that perhaps my first serving had  been on the steam tables for a while but my second serving was straight from the kitchen and it was still tough like the ruling rooster, the barn yard pimp himself.  I had a Ginger Beer and it was absolutely an excellently refreshing choice.Love this place!! My family and I eat here atleast twice a week. The oxtails are delicious. The food is very authentic and flavorful. We've never been unhappy with the food. Plus they servings are plentiful!While the food was good yesterday, I have been sick since 5 am. Now I'm not saying that it was their fault but it WAS the only thing I ate yesterday. Also, I'm used to Jamaican restaurants having a little attitude but the older guy was really rude. That didn't turn me away but being having to be in fetal position all day drinking Pedialyte sure did.Really hidden gem in Nola! Good Jamaican food !! Had the seasoned fish, callaloo and rice and peas. All was greatFood was good but the service was slow. They did not have enough help during Essence Festival. There were not enough menus and they didn't bring our checks to the table we had to go line up at the bar repeat our order to cash out. The chef was nice she came out and greeted people so they just need to get their front end staff some support and they'll be fine.I love Boswell's. They are like family to me now. The owner invites me to parties that they give. They invite me to events they give after hours. They sometimes have live Reggae Bands come perform. I love getting the buffet. I love getting the ox tails but you cannot go wrong with the jerk chiken or shrimp if you are a first timer. They also have the some great lemonade and if you and a drink they also have a Bar.When I walked into the place there were a couple families dinning in and a few people at the bar doing takeout orders. I sat at the bar to order takeout. I sat for 5 minutes before being acknowledged. There was only one person taking orders and serving the families that were dinning in. By this time 4 other people had walked in. The guy that was serving and taking orders finally took my order and then went to serve the families at the table. It took about 10 minutes for the food to be ready.
I ordered Oxtails, rice and peas, with Mac and cheese. I also got a beef patty. The meal was very flavorful and delicious. The beef patty was spicy (although they have mild on the menu I think they just give you what they have) so if you're spice sensitive make sure you ask for mild. I couldn't tell you how the plantains taste because I'm not a fan.
Simply put great food but not so great service.Okay so I made a Yelp account just to review this restaurant. First time having Jamaican food. It was sooo good. The spicy beef patty was so so good. I got the jerk chicken with the steamed veggies and rice and peas. It came with plantains. The food was delicious. I would've liked my plantains to be thinner and fried more crisp, but that's really my only complaint. I ate them with the rice and peas. The chicken came right off the bone. VERY GOOD AND SPICY.Terrible service. I can't comment on the food because I was never served. I waited in line for close to 30 mins, then was instructed to be seated. The owner came to silently clean my table, walked off with an attitude and never served or greeted me. Maybe he was having a bad day, but I got better service at Burger King down the street.NO! server has the worst attitude! Don't waste your time here . Food is pretty bland as well but tea isn't anything shy of diabetes! BEWARE!!!!!!!!Not too shabby... buffet was good. Food tasted home-cooked and fresh. I disagree with the $ rating... should be more like $$. Jerk chicken was a little too salty. Difficult parking. Checking out took too long. 4 stars for the international flavor (which New Orleans needs more of) and mom and pop feel.
After reading some of the other reviews, I wish I would have been more adventurous and gone with something other than the buffet.The food is delicious!!!  Curry chicken, Curry Goat, Fried Snapper, Rice & Peas, Calilou, Macaroni...  Everything is great!!!  One of the best restaurants in New OrleansI was craving roti. I'd tried another place the day before and it was awful. I tried THIS place yesterday, skeptical because it's a Jamaican place. Boy was I pleasantly surprised! Had the buffet and split the roti with a friend. The buffet was good, but the chicken roti was OUTSTANDING! So good, in fact, that I went again, today. 
Pleasant staff. 
Clean restaurant. 
Reasonably priced. 
Great food!This is the best restaurant in New Orleans the food is so good always hot always fast!! So great everyone should eat here at least once!UPDATE: I have been dealing with food poisoning for the last two weeks. I should have just gone to the hospital! How do I give no stars and contact the health department? 
While the food was good yesterday, I have been sick since 5 am. Now I'm not saying that it was their fault but it WAS the only thing I ate yesterday. Also, I'm used to Jamaican restaurants having a little attitude but the older guy was really rude. That didn't turn me away but being having to be in fetal position all day drinking pediasure did.I went for lunch last week with a group of work peeps. Only 1 of us opted for the lunch buffet which was very meaty, if that's your thing. The rest of us ordered off the menu: 1 shrimp poboy, 2 ital plates, 1 jerk chicken and 1 mixed jerk plate. I loved my ital plate... callaloo, beans & rice, plantains and a veg...OK the veg that day was cooked cabbage which is not my favorite but it was a good value for the money and I actually ate the rest at a 2nd meal. My coworkers enjoyed their poboy and jerk chicken. The person who had the buffet loved the variety of meats (which are unlabeled so ask if there is something you don't/can't eat). 
The service was really friendly and the decor was basic but clean. My iced tea was sweetened and I wish I had been warned, I would have gone with a Jamaican drink or water. 
I'm glad I finally got to visit and I'll have to go back to sample more of the menu.Food was ok..had the jerk chicken which had a good flavor but seemed like it was cooked 2 days before I ordered it.. Haven't been back in a while but I plan to give them another chance.. Finding authentic Jamaican food in Louisiana is nearly impossible.