While I've been here previously, it had been a while. But a friend of mine was in town, so we decided to check it out before the pelicans game. 
Fantastic choice. We got there in time for happy hour. So while we were sipping our five dollar sazeracs, we ordered a variety of small plates. Croquettes with chorizo and comte, gouda beignets, meatball flatbread, and gougeres with comte. 
While are were expertly prepared, the croquettes were hands down my favorite. 
Great atmosphere and a friendly staff made this a very pleasant dining experience. I will come back, and recommend this to friends.There isn't anything too spectacular about Bouligny Tavern.  The one thing that they really have going for them here is the look and atmosphere of the bar.
First thing when you walk in you notice is the dim lighting that sets the atmosphere for a nice low-key tavern.  The classical and and jazz music playing on the vinyl adds a nice touch as well.
My problem is that you're not sitting at the bar the staff takes some time to get to you.  I've been here several times and when sitting at the bar I've always gotten very good service, but when sitting at one of the tables or at the couches up front I've had to wait for quite some time for a waitress to come by.
The drinks aren't bad.  The cocktail menu isn't really to my liking (there's no whiskey or bourbon cocktails) so I always order off the menu.  The bartenders make good drinks.  They're a little stingy on the liquor but that's seems to be most bar now a days.
I wouldn't get food from here."A Late Night Rescue"
We arrived for our New Orleans Holiday after 10pm on a Saturday night and sought a late night solution with good food and drink outside of the French Quarter madness. Bouligny Tavern showed up on a few sights reco's. 
The cocktails were excellent and our food choices of Octopus, Blue Crab Claws and a shared Sirloin Burger were, while small in size were big in flavor. 
The space is in a traditional Victorian, very attractive and filled with equally attractive locals out for Saturday late night fun. Service is very good and the prices fair. The only call out we would make is that it can be raucous load. The excellent (recorded) music selection combined with the crowd in relatively small space can get quite load. Not a complaint...in fact expected, but for us older folk it can peg the loud meter.This super chic craft cocktail and light dinner spot graced Magazine Street as an extension of Lilette a few years ago. It's done by the same owner as Lilette, Chef John Harris.  You can get an assortment of small plates but plenty of items to choose from so you can make this a full dinner stop or just a drop by before or after dinner. The craft cocktail bar tenders are also always spinning cool vinyl behing the bar giving it a Great Gatsby feel and making it one of the best drinking spots in New Orleans.Classy, upscale yet casual laid back atmosphere. We stopped in while strolling Magazine Street for some afternoon cocktails. C.J. is not only a master-mixologist but an interesting guy who made our time there memorable. Will definitely be back whenever we visit NO again.Where to start? Um, its called a tavern, but if you try to order beer the bartender will huff in disgust at you. I used to live in New Orleans but evacuated during Katrina. I relocated to Los Angeles where "mixology" bars have popped up on every corner. This "tavern" certainly has all the symptoms of a mixology bar if you ask me.  If I wanted to be condescended upon I would have waited till I got home for a drink/beer. I did not eat the food which did look good, however I did read the menu. The food was listed as "snacks".  So, it's called a tavern which sounds neighborhoody and friendly, but it tries to be upscale with corny mixology-type drinks. Shouldn't the food be listed as "tapas" or "hor d'oeuvres", to keep with the upscale image that they are trying to portray?  "Snacks" sounds like something I would order at T.G.I.Saturdays. I gave this place two stars. One for the record player, and one for the cleanest bathrooms in the whole city.  Oh, watch out for those rose colored glasses.A hip bartender who knows his way around NoLa's upscale spots of the tourist track suggested this was his favorite once a week stop for "the best burger" - which although I didn't try it, is cheap at $12. Lite plates selection was interesting, and the Gouda beignets were great.  Sleek atmosphere.  I think the mid century design creates a nice backdrop to a limited but innovative cocktail special list. I enjoyed a White Melrose, a light refreshing scotch based drink, nicely presented - but small at $10. Cozy outdoor patio on the side, and a few front porch seats to people watch.great drinks/food but rude service. I was with a group of people who were being sort of loud and inappropriate for being in a nice place though so I don't really blame our waitress for being annoyed with us.Not at all a young people vibe. Think more along the lines of "Minnesota mom bar"
- they were only playing instrumental versions of the Rolling Stones, who does that?! The place itself looks like a mad men set and not in the cool way; it'd be in an episode where some one is being like inappropriately rude to Peggy and the vibe is off. 
Service not spectacular. Maybe it's because I'm Southern, but I found the bartender weirdly cold because she didn't want to chat wines with me. Like you work at a wine bar, can we not casually discuss tannins? I just think one word responses coupled with menu pointing and no eye contact doesn't make me want to trust your opinion. Food itself was good (burger hits the spot, gougères always, fennel salad reasonable portion, short ribs a little on the less generous side), but I doubt I'll ever be returning due to that lacking atmosphere. Maybe better for 40+ crowd.A little slice of heaven in the most beautiful location. I couldn't love this place more. I sure hope they will extend their hours soon and maybe even consider a lunchtime version of what they are doing now.
Gouda beignets that melt in your mouth, beautiful, delicate fried green beans that pair beautifully with any of their sparkling wines and a scotch menu that makes me really, really happy.
Waitstaff is sweet and always on point. They have consistently great ideas for pairings and were very kind and helpful to my elderly mother. 
This place has become my go to and I just hope it continues to be so amazing! A+Fancy cocktail place that is WAY less pretentious than Cure.
One of my major complaints about Uptown is that there really aren't any cocktail bars. Well, this is pretty much as close as you are going to get. Nice place that caters to a somewhat older crowd. Smart and capable bartenders that are happy to help you figure out exactly what suits your tastes.
I do agree with Joi when she said that people here are casually dressed, considering the atmosphere. It really feels more like one of those places that you would dress up and make a night out of, but maybe that's just me.
I definitely want to go back and try some of their delicious (looking) food.A cute, trendy little restaurant/bar on Magazine. Lots of fun people watching. Even on a popular night you can still manage to grab a table. The outdoor seating in the back down the stairs is pretty romantic and quieter than being inside the bar area. I love the large couch, it's perfect for a larger group. Drinks were good, strong! I really liked the marrow and garlic bruschetta, not something you frequently see on menus, but marrow is so delicious and decadent. Boyfriend was pretty obsessed with the sirloin burger. The first time I came by, we had a couple misses with the dishes, but this time we really enjoyed ourselves.Didn't eat the food, but instead came here for drinks with my friends. Even at 11:30, this place was packed. 
I must have died and gone to mid-century modern heaven because the decor was fricking amazing!!! They were spinning Rolling Stones and T-Rex (on a record player!!) all night, which is totally my speed. The Sweet Tea drink was delicious, and they had a decent wine selection too. I had a great time hanging at Bouligny, Definitely recommended for a fun night out.We just came in for drinks before dinner.  The space is very nice, especially welcoming on a cold night.  Liquor selection and cocktail list were both more than ample.  I will have to go back for the famous beignets and they have MARROW!  Mmm!  The crowd wasn't really my thing but I'm fine with that, it's good for people watching.  The only thing that was slightly off for me was that our bartender gave us menus, took our drink order, made our drinks, checked for second round, delivered our bill and so on without saying one word.  I thought that was strange but also weirdly admirable that she could convey so much with gestures and facial expressions.Came in for a drink after eating next door. The bartenders and waitresses at Brennan's actually suggested this place. Love the look as it is mid century modern, so Mad Men. The vibe was very timeless yet cozy with the dim lighting. Ordered some punch that was not sweet at all and actually not that good. The staff was very attentive and nice. Would come back and try another cocktail.Came here for dinner/drinks on a Friday night. It was crowded, but didn't take too long for our party of 3 to be seated. The space is a little small, so it got awkward at times as people were trying to maneuver their way to the bar or their table. 
Both food and drinks were great! We ordered nearly everything on the food menu (this is only a slight exaggeration) and my favorites were: the spare ribs, the garlic & bone marrow bruschetta and the fries. I was sadly disappointed by the gouda beignets; too much dough and not enough cheese. 
Overall, a great place for dinner, drinks or both after work!The bartender just didn't want to talk that night as I sat at the bar. No biggie. Then made me the worst vodka Gibson I've had and was surly when I ask her to make it again.I have never written a review but I feel compelled in this instance. In town working on a film and came here with my boyfriend and our toddler early to grab a bite and some wine. When we just walked in neither of the blond girls working greeted us, one gave a totally snarky dirty look. After standing aimlessly for a minute she finally deigned to come out and tell us we could sit ourselves anywhere. I asked by chance if she had a high chair not really expecting her to have one but never hurts. She laughed at me. I mean I get a wine bar isn't exactly kid-centric but that's no call to be an ass. So we left. I plan on telling all of my industry friends as well as our crew on this film not to waste their time or dime on such sour service, which is a bummer because it's a cool space and the menu looks fantastic.We came in 15 min before happy hour ended and made the most of it! The food was absolutely amazing!! Enjoyed our time there!Stopped in for dinner Saturday evening.
The tavern is very attractive inside and out. It has a cozy, sophisticated feel to it.  The staff is neatly dressed.  Great first impression.
It was about half full at the time, seats were available at both the bar and some of the tables.  We seated ourselves at a table along the back wall.  That was a probably a mistake - it's not obvious when you walk in or sit down, but this is a pretty loud bar.  It is difficult to carry on a private conversation over the table.  Music in the background was too loud, did  nothing for the atmosphere.  I know way more than I want to about the couple that sat down next to us.  
Help was friendly.  Loved the classy dresses the waitresses were wearing.  Service was no more than average.  The floor staff was hustling, but there weren't very many of them.  It seems like there needs to be a couple more people on the floor
The tavern advertises small plates, no mention of the small menu - this has a "Bar Rescue" feel to it - very tight, very focused menu, 6 beers (nothing local) and maybe a dozen high end mixed drinks.  There is a large and comprehensive wine offering.  Old folks alert - if  you use reading glasses, bring them if you are planning to read the menu.  Lighting is low and the print is tiny.   
The food ranged from boring to the best:
Duck Confit - Tasty. However, who ever wrote the menu is embarrassing themselves by even mentioning the lettuce (one piece) or the pickled celery pieces - I doubt the two of them together would constitute 2 calories.  
Sirloin burger - maybe the best burger I've ever had.  Now, it was a $12 burger, no lettuce, no pickled celery, but it was a hellofa burger.
Argulo salad - good, nothing special, but $9?  There couldn't have been more than $0.50 of ingredients in this.  
Bruschetta - looked pretty, tasted boring.  
I really wanted to like this place, but it was too noisy and it didn't feel like a good value.  There are better tapas to be had and better bars to drink at.  It's a shame, I really liked the feel when I walked in and I might even go back to try it again.
Bottom line  - $80 for two.No a fun place. Don't waste your time. Bartender was rude to my daughter right off the bat. Spent many a dollar there over the years. Never again.Stopped in late on a Saturday night to find a virtually empty bar.  A little concerning since it was our first time here!  We sat at the bar and ordered cosmos from the Ed Begley, Jr lookalike behind the bar.  The drinks were too tart and lacked enough cranberry juice to make them palatable.  The music was appropriately hipsterish for the milieu, and the decor was inviting.The small plates are average to wonderful, no doubt. But don't go in alone or you will be marginalized service-wise. I had to pry information from the bartender on plates, wait with an empty water glass, never get asked if I wanted another glass of wine...And it wasn't busy. It was 1/3 full. Apparently single diners aren't hip enough for attention.Bouligny is very swanky. Mad men vibes. It's always dark inside which feels sexy and posh. I love the decor, and the food and drinks are very good. Love getting hammered off vodka martinis at the bar. The tempura green beans are fab, the gouda beignets are a brilliant idea but I found them slightly underwhelming. They have boozy snowballs which are cool, but not that this is a cocktail with a scoop of crushed ice in it. Not an actual snowball. I was thrown off the first time I ordered one.3rd visit to this chic and trendy establishment.  During my first visit, the menu choices I selected were not the greatest, but service was attentive and cordial.  Second visit was along with other repeat customers and we got exceptional attention from the server and the bar.  This last visit was a total miss.  Although the food was good (excellent burger), service was no where to be found.  The server was friendly, but not knowledgeable about the menu; she kept on referring to her notes and mispronouncing ingredients that I am certain she had no clue what they are.  
We sat out front and we could have walked out with out paying several times during the night, because we got absolutely no service.  We had to walk in the restaurant to ask for a server to come an take our order, the drink order came all one at a time, and the food did too all at different times.  When I asked the server, she quickly responded that it is the restaurant concept, no apology or solution to a simple drink that I had been waiting for over 20 minutes.  
Needless to say, I walked out very disappointed on the lack of service they offer; although, the few interactions we had with a staff member was pleasant.  
Would I return?  If so, it will be in a long while.  
Would I recommend to others?  Only if not interested in drinking or eating, but simply sitting and talking among friends.  
So, to recap, this last visit I experienced little to no service, delayed delivery of drinks and food, wrong drink, and not the complete food order, other than that it was okay.Love the creativity of their food choices, had the Fried Gnocchi and Duck Confit (both worth getting again).  Went on a Saturday and it was packed, which means the inside is super noisy!  Their computer system was wrong so the waiter "accidentally" charged us an extra 50% on our bottle of wine...when I pointed it out he was nice enough to correct the error.  
Dress Code: Jeans and a cute top are completely appropriate.  "Dressy" is ok too, but not required by any means.If you are interested in cougar hunting or looking to hang with some fellow cougars, you have found a great hunting ground! That might be a bit harsh. Honestly, Bouligny Tavern is a very nice spot Uptown spot to grab a light bite or a fancy cocktail before dinner. The bartenders here are pretty friendly and the remainder of the staff is decent and at least civil. This is not the place to bring a big group of friends or the friends that might complain about a place's lack of selection of domestic beers. The majority of the crowd is pretty well dressed, lots of middle-aged fancy ladies throughout, so you showing up in a hoodie and jeans might feel more comfortable enjoying your cocktail on the porch (I know I do). I like to order a Manhattan and sip it while enjoying the lovely atmosphere and ambiance. And most of that atmosphere is people watching on Magazine Street.Great atmosphere!  Fried gnocchi and Gouda beignets were amazing! The small plates were just enough food for my date and I. Definitely would recommend this place! Though, on a side note, the waitress was a little spaced out....but that wouldn't stop me from coming back!such a pretty space and they've got a great whiskey selection! love the outdoor patio area with twinkling lights.  its right up my alley!Gouda Beignet... All the way!
I'm sure I clogged an artery; but these were pretty freaking tasty!
Great drinks as well.  They brewed my coffee fresh for the baileys and coffee.  A nice touch and even more so given how dang cold it was that night. 
Has a pretty nice atmosphere and I'd say it also is a great place to hang out if you want to escape from the quarter.  
Like most places in the New Orleans ... Just super nice staff.As an earlier reviewer said, this place is very 60's retro-chic. It's awesome that they play real vinyl, and the acoustics in the place aren't half bad either. Overall it has a very sexy, intimate, and smooth vibe and is a great place, as my friend said, to go for an adult version of the "after-school snack" - an "after-work snack", if you will. I think it works better for a date than for groups, but I saw lots of groups there having a good time, so don't take my word for it.
We started with the spicy wasabi peas, curried popcorn, and slightly BBQ tasting chips. Then we ordered a Creminélli Sopressata plate with some sort of special cow's milk cheese plate with bread..my friend asked for extra bread, which resulted in us getting a very normal (I might even say smallish) amount of bread, which leads me to believe that they normally short you on the bread. Moral of the story is to ask for extra bread!! For dessert we got the ice cream of the day with cookies. I can't remember what the ice cream was but it was fantastic and house made, and they thoughtfully gave us two cookies for happy sharing. 
I drank a Teaticket Fizz, which is has Oolong Tea infused vodka, cranberry liqueur, lemon juice, and soda. It was delicious but not very strong. I next ordered, at the suggestion of my companion, a French 75, which is not on the menu but is some sort of champagne concoction which was both delicious and inebriating. My friend had the Sage Julep, which is comprised of gin, lemon juice, and muddled sage.
Overall I'm now basically in love with this place, but it's not cheap enough/I don't yet make enough money to be stopping by here casually on the reg. I think our bill came to aroudnd $60-$70 after tip.Very cool atmosphere, which is always a plus in a city with a "new cool spot" on every corner.  They run a pretty cool happy hour deal: $5 bruschettas and half off all fried items.  We got a couple bruschettas and a couple wedges of cheese.  Loved the bruschettas but was a little disappointed with the serving size for the cheese plate.  I get that you're paying for the cheese, not the accoutrements (bread, jam, nuts), so I'll just reiterate... disappointing not unjustified.  That being said, sometimes it's nice to leave a wine bar NOT feeling overwhelmingly full from too much cheese.  ;-) 
Nice service, and again... both outdoor seating areas (patios on the side and out front) are really enjoyable on a nice day.  I've never sat inside, but it seems really nice and intimate as well.First, let me say that this place is a little pricey. $17 for a bourbon (Blanton's) on the rocks, for example. 
Whew.
Now, that aside, its a very nice bar, and it has a very nice courtyard outside. And whomever is curating the music is doing an excellent job.
I stayed for almost four hours, and the time went by in a pleasing sort of reverie. I stayed outside in the courtyard (or galley, if you will) the whole time I was there. Table service outside was attentive, non-intrusive and speedy.
Definitely would return to this bar.Wonderful evening celebrating a birthday. Great happy hour small plates. Party of 5 so we were able to try quite a few. Clams with chorizo, fries with aioli, tempura green beans , short ribs, Gouda beignets, hmm excellent wait staff and overall great vibe.OK, the food at this place was great and the cocktails were beyond reproach.  It would have been a five star first impression but for the almost cliche superciliousness of the hipster bartender.  First, by way of context, I'll admit I was a little under dressed.  My flanel shirt and Kirkland Signature jeans didn't really vibe with the retro chic 60's decor.  In my defense, I left my house intending to go to Igor's but when we got there my girlfriend exercised her dive bar veto and we pulled a complete 180 deciding to go to Bouligny Tavern.  So, setting the scene, I was dressed like I was going to drink with Ziggy Sabotka's duck and the rest of the longshoreman and instead got called in to Don Draper's office...aaaand go.
The bartender had an untucked dress shirt open one button past what was necessary.  He briefly glanced at us through the lenses of his Buddy Holly glasses as we sat down before resuming his conversation with a suitably dressed middle aged patron.  The snippets of their conversation I gleaned while looking over the drink menu were of the typically banal, mental masturbatory variety:  "Wah wah wah...the first time I saw Rashomon...wah wah wah...antithetical to postmodernist paradigms...wah wah wah...etc."  When he finally got around to taking our drink order we asked him if the kitchen was still open.  "Yes, do you want to order some fries?"  My girlfriend and I exchanged looks equal parts stunned and bemused before informing him that we would actually like an order of Gouda beignets and the duck confit...thank you very much.  I had to laugh (as I made a mental note not to tip over 10%) at the chutzpah of this guy to assume that we plebeians, dazed by the soft light of incandescent bulbs reflected in chestnut leather, would cling to our peasant food for solace in a world otherwise beyond our comprehension.  The kicker is that I really did want to try the fries; so cheap, plus the ketchup's usually on the house.
I ordered a sazerac with knob creek rye and my girlfriend had an old fashioned.  She was upset they shorted her on the maraschino but both cocktails were well made and really hit the spot on a tepid December night.  When the food came it was excellent, particularly the duck.  The beignets were good but could have used some kind of sauce, just for the option of adding a little flavor.  In the future I'll have to remember to order them with the mussels (which we ordered after) as the broth those puppies come swimming in is dynamite, better than Delachaise, IMHO.  The bartender continued to offer curt and indifferent service to us street urchins while being solicitous and engaging with the more apparently affluent patrons.  I get it, man, there's only one of you.  You've probably been at your craft long enough to have learned to prioritize some parties, to dole out your warmth based on an expected return.  It's a practical and understandable approach and I don't fault you for it.  Just be a little less obvious, raise your minimum slightly.  I know I looked like a shlub, but what you didn't know was that I had literally hundreds of dollars in federal student loans left  for the semester burning a hole in my checking account.  If you had been a little slicker in hiding your contempt, I might have broken you off a little bit.  Next time, don't correctly assume I want french fries.Wine bars are a great concept. They offer greater wine selection by the glass, and they typically have hard-to-come-by options, at competitive prices. So often, though, the food selection is not on point like the wine is. When considering the food, wine bars end up being like any other restaurant.
Tapas or "small plates" restaurants are also a great idea. To clear any confusion, tapas are a Spanish invention, so if the tapa you order comes with veal bratwurst, then it ain't a tapa. I saw most of Spain in two weeks (a grueling itinerary that would have Rick Steves in awe), and I ate too many tapas. Combine a small plates restaurant with a wine bar, and you get Bouligny Tavern. 
Like the French placed I "cheffed" at, Bouligny is a house, converted into a restaurant. With the right restaurant concept, it is the perfect venue. As far as I know, Bouligny does not take reservations, so getting a pair of seats on a busy night is a matter of fortunate happenstance. On my first visit, I sat at the bar and was served by an Alton Brown-looking bartender. He was also in charge of the ambient music, as I saw him periodically approach a small turntable, tucked between rows of liquor bottles, to flip the record over. Bouligny is so cool!
Bouligny continually updates its selections. It is therefore appealing to the "regular" who enjoys trying new things. To note, is they have wines ranging from $8 to $19 per glass. This is great for every type of diner. You can get a glass at the typical price, or you can splurge and get a glass from an pricey bottle, an option most restaurants do not offer.
On my first visit, we ordered the seared short rib with chimichurri and the ricotta gnudi in a marsala-mushroom cream sauce. It was a crowded Friday night, so there were people waiting and standing all around, drinks in-hand, good music was playing, it was pleasantly noisy, but I could still converse with my friend without much vocal effort. The concept attracts a classy clientele, but it exudes a laid-back vibe.
The gnudi arrived first, followed shortly by the short ribs. It was my first time having gnudi, so I didn't even really know what they were. I could hear, in my head, Mario Batali talking about them, so that was reason enough to order them. They were a combination of gnocchi and the "swimmer" style of dumpling in chicken and dumplings. They were light to the point they could barely sustain their own weight, and cutting into them caused an air-transfer bulge to form. They behaved like a waterbed. The sauce was divine. I'm a mushroom fan, so the large pieces of several types of wild mushrooms got me excited. Their earthiness paired so well with the sweet nuttiness of the marsala, and the finish in the mouth held on because of the cream base.
The flanken-style short ribs were chewy and really difficult to cut off the bones. I was surprised to see any type of quick-cooking method applied to a cut that is almost always slow-cooked for hours. One of my favorite cuts is flank steak, so I don't mind chewiness in steak, in exchange for exceptional flavor. Just like restaurants should remove, before serving, the shell and tail from shrimp that end up swimming in a sauce, Bouligny should take the meat off the bone.
On another visit, my usual dining partner and I ordered the duck confit, the comte gougeres, and the bruschetta with salami, mascarpone, and caper tandoori mustard. The duck was sublime. Slow-cooked by poaching in its own fat, the meat was succulent. It was also pan-roasted before serving, to bring the skin back to crispy life. Gougeres were another first for me. I deduced that they were pate au choux, baked with the comte in the pate. The batter behaves uniquely, in that the steam created when they are baked causes the formation of a single air pocket. Thus, gougeres are light, slightly firm, pastry shells that are completely hollow. Laced with one of my favorite firm cheeses, I could eat Bouligny's gougeres like popcorn. The bruschetta was pleasingly complex. There were so many flavors layered on top of one another, and each bite made me think of a different, signature food. The crispy salami paired with the mustard made me think of good deli. The turmeric in the Tandoori-spiced mustard made think of Indian food. The creamy texture of the mascarpone on the toasted bread made me think of an up-scale bagel. I usually don't get excited about bruschetta, for it is usually something that tries to be pizza, or an open-faced sandwich, but fails. Bouligny conquered!
Bouligny is a fun place to go on a high-energy Friday night, and it is also wonderful to go to on a quiet, Tuesday evening. The quieter evening I went offered a dimly lit, intimate and romantic atmosphere. We could share great wine and fantastic food, but I didn't have to do the cooking and cleaning and so could focus completely on us. 
Bouligny feels like you're going to someone's house for dinner, only the home cook is a culinary Spartan.Great cocktails and great small plates.  We got fried green beans and some kinda kale thing.  both were really amazing.  i am a meat and potatoes guy, and when i saw what my date ordered i didnt think i was even going to try them.  they were really really good though.  wish we hadnt eaten dinner so we could have ordered more small plates.  the cocktails were strong and good as well.  
it is a very nice place for young professionals.  not necessarily my style.  ( i am t-shirt and jeans)  but good place to switch it up.  smoke free too so major points for thatMy friend and I came for a round of pre-dinner drinks and we had a great experience.  The dimly light, inviting atmosphere was pretty fantastic and we loved the overall look and comfortable lounge seating.
The cocktail menu was extensive and I particularly enjoyed the shortlist of recommended concoctions for each type of spirit (gin, rum, bourbon, scotch, etc.) to provide us with ideas on what to order.  My Penicillin was done damn nicely and the signature cocktails we sampled were just as well executed.
Though I can't speak for the food, I'd come back without a doubt when my next NOLA trip rolls around.Keep your eyes open. It's easy to pass up. Great location. Amazing atmosphere. Superb cocktails. Friendly bartenders and a chill soundtrack from some old school vinyl.Went here for drinks after Commanders and it was great! The drinks were crafted very well with slight variations on originals with their own unique flair. The bartender was extremely welcoming and the whole interior has a wonderful atmosphere. We had the deviled egg trio which was good as well. Our favorite was the duck and our least favorite was the salmon. With a drip of hollandaise the salmon would be out of this world. 
5stars for drinks and service and atmosphereThe marrow is top notch. Cozy romantic environment makes this gastropub a laid back favorite. Be warned though, seating for a meal is very limited & the turnover is incredibly slow. Tip: Call for a reservation!Lovely space, good cocktails and wine selection and good, if small, food menu.  I agree with the reviewer who calls the decor "Mad Men on the cheap" - if you look too closely, the furniture seems a bit worn, but luckily the lights are dim and the actual room itself is well-designed.  And Bouligny Tavern has none of the noise level problems of another uptown wine bar.
Each time I've been there, the crowd has been on the mature side (30s and up) -  a mix of couples on dates, small parties and groups of women.  Menu is pretty limited, no entrees, just small plates, but everything I've tried has been good - the various crostini in particular.  Drinks are in the $10 range; the cocktails I've had were worth it - tasty and they didn't scrimp on the liquor.Mike and Evan are the best bartenders on planet Earth.  Have Yusko make you his signature cocktail, "The Nervous Light of Sunday."  It's delish.
Foods is top-notch.  
Tell them old Chan sent you.I would sink to one star, but since I loved the decor, I have to stick with two. 
There were two waitstaff present for inside and out. On a Friday night. Of jazz fest. After waiting,  and waiting, and waiting for someone, ANYONE, to take our drink orders, the manager reluctantly took our orders and huffed away like we asked him if we could cut off his right arm and beat him with it. Again, we waited for a good 15-20 minutes for our drinks. I ordered a vodka and 7-up with a splash of creme de cassis (guess they had to go juice the elderberries) and my husband ordered some cocktail off the menu. A teaticket something or other. He enjoyed his but mine was less than average due to the flat sprite. No way was I asking for another drink since there were only 3 bartenders working. The waitperson came back around and we ordered another round if drinks, but when they arrived, guess whose drink was missing? Mine. Those darn elderberries again!
The food. Wait, that was food with the jacked up prices? Before you start pummeling me with elderberries, let me state that I realize where I was. Trendy magazine street, I know. But, come on, man! Kobe pigs in a blanket? Fries, oops pomme frites, with aioli? More like Pillsbury crescent rolls wrapped around Oscar Meyer lil smokies with a blob of French's mustard. Greasy fries with Blue Plate mayo with some garlic puree. 
So, unless you have a white linen suit from Perlis and the cutest sundress EVER from Town & Country and are under 35, stay far, far away. I know I am.I came here for my Birthday! Great space! Excellent ambiance (music via the bar's record player) and fabulous small plates! Craft cocktails were sure to please as well, my drink of the night was the Aperol Spritzer!Visited last night and had a wonderful time.  Our server was fantastic. She was happy to give recommendations and overall very friendly.  The food was wonderful, especially the cheese plate.  The atmosphere was relaxed and comfortable.  Great place to have a drink and a bite after work.  Will definitely be back.Recommended to us by the manager at Atchafalaya restaurant a few blocks away, Bouligny Tavern was a great sophisticated-yet-casual follow-up place for a drink after a great dinner.
My group sat outside in their side patio area and just enjoyed a warm al fresco evening.  Their wine and cocktail menus have a nice selection on them, and the servers made sure we were taken care of.  Would definitely recommend it to anyone in the area.After a long day at work - up & back to Baton Rouge for a lunch at the Governor's mansion - all I wanted was a nice respite in the southern fashion: front porch sitting, sipping a cold beverage and a generous helping of gossip.  Thankfully, a friend and NOLA resident suggested we head uptown for cocktails and noshes at Bouligny. There are so many neighborhoods to explore in New Orleans, I absolutely love when someone suggests we get out of the Quarter.
A converted residence, Bouligny has the look and feel of a well heeled widow's pet business - where she serves only the finest cocktails and tiny bites, mostly for her friends at their own personal "tea time" as I like to affectionately call any happy hour in New Orleans. It was a nice night - even if a bit humid - and we opted for outdoor seating along the side of the house. As they had only just opened, we popped inside to simply alert them and our server was out immediately to take our orders. I'll admit to being quite boring on this particular trip to the Big Easy: I stayed with my familiar standby - a Pimm's cup. It arrived perfectly balanced and adorned with sliced cucumber, just as nature intended.
But the real allure to Bouligny is the small plate noshes - we ordered a sampling: Kobe pigs in a blanket, the deviled egg trio & pâté with fried cornbread fritters. Oh dear, everything was simply delicious! The pigs came adorably miniaturized with a flaky crescent wrapped around tiny sausages and a spicy Dijon mustard for dipping. The deviled egg trio was as advertised: 3 variations on the traditional deviled egg; I opted for the crabmeat deviled egg and it was the quintessential NOLA take on a southern delicacy. The pâté was excellent, a beautiful mocha color and served in a scoop reminiscent of soft churned ice cream. The cornbread fritters were perfectly browned and sitting atop a spicy barbecue sauce, which when combined with the creamy pâté was a perfect mix of crumbly, soft, tangy goodness on a fork. 
We lingered for a bit, our server was happy to let us enjoy our conversation and linger over a few rounds - no one is in a rush here. As I usually comment after a trip to New Orleans: I can't wait to return...Did I mention that I HATE the new "GASTROPUB" concept going on in New Orleans recently.  They don't have Abita Amber here and the food is way overpriced for the basic and not so great food.  Just like all the "gastropubs" that are going on in New Orleans why should I bother with mediocrity and when I can just go to a real restaurant or bar where you can actually eat a plate of food that will fill you up instead of being a snack and actually get a selection of more than 4 beers.  Did I mention I HATE GASTROPUBS!!!
There seems to usually be some decent looking women in this establishment and it seems to be one of the more trendy places to be "seen" but it just doesn't work for me and I really don't like what they did with all the "modern" renovations to this classic New Orleans building.
I really like Lilette and I enjoy dining there so it is very surprising to me that I dislike this place so much.  I think it just goes to the core of the fact that I love to DINE and not SNACK and that is why I just can't seem to stand any of the places called Gastropubs so far (and that none of them have my BEER).  It seems to me that I have a far more enjoyable experience eating and drinking at Lilette with far better quality food, a larger selection of drinks, and more comfortable seating so why should I bother with anything at Boligny Taven other than the motivation that women like small plates and go there in large groups.  Ahhh it just doesn't motivate me and I will be staying on the Lilette side.Great place for some upscale drinking. They have some pretty good specialty cocktails, the food is good too. I especially love the cheese plate, but that's because cheese is my favorite food. The atmosphere is really chill and there is usually a pretty tame crowd. It's great if you are waiting for your table at Lilette, the time will fly as you sip your cocktail.Great craft cocktails and very cool bartenders oh and the small plates are very tasty!!!I've driven by this place everyday and I never knew it was a restaurant! Lol 
I just thought it was a house until one day i drove by and i thought they were having a party so I decided I'd crash it... (hahaha) 
Needless to say, I'm so happy i stopped! The vibe is very intimate(Perfect for a first date) and there's a cute patio to the right of the entrance... The food and Service is Outstanding! To start i ordered a Dirty Martini and the Gougeres & Comté cheese, (my first time having Gougeres) The perfect starter:) The cheese is wrapped individually in dough, almost looks like large oyster crackers that are freshly baked... I loved them. Very light but flavorful! For my entree i ordered the Mussels(i love mussels) and these were definitely on my order again list! 
Very happy to have found this little hidden gem in the garden district! 
Consider me a regular!!!!!I just joined yelp to write this review.  That should tell you something.
The food here is superb.  We came with friends wanting to drink and eat...but not to the point of being gorged into food coma territory.  The offerings, like a huge bowl of delicious fries with aioli, hushpuppies piled high, and bruchetta cut to serve 4 are fun to share and each provided a delicious flavor combination.  The plates were unique and exciting.  We purchased around 7-8 dishes to share with 4 people and we were all more than satisfied.  Because of the size of the dishes, I think this would be a great place to go prior to a night on the town.  Drinks were great too- lots of cocktails to choose from.
The vibe is absolutely perfect here.  It's dark and very trendy, which is a rare find in NO.  
I only took a star off for the service, which was painful at times.  The waitress seemed overwhelmed when she tried to do the typical "memorizing your order gig" but then proceeded to forget everything we ordered.
Overall, the entire experience was fully worth it, and I think I just found my new favorite restaurant.Wow, this place is truly great - but I wish everybody would stop classifying Bouligny Tavern as a Gastropub just because it has Tavern in its name.  It's not a gastropub - it's an upscale small plate food & drink place that has nice cocktails, a very nice wine list, and excellent food (but limited beers which pretty much negates the idea of calling this a gastropub).  The burrata & pesto bruschetta was outstanding and the gougeres were tiny and apparently multiply like rabbits but all 19 of the airy pastries were eventually consumed because they were just plain good.  The burger was close to perfect (just on the edge of being overseasoned for my palate but cooked perfectly and extremely tasty) while the spinach gnudi were also amazing - little spinach "meatballs" with a great tomato sauce and cheese that complemented them perfectly.
There are only about 30 seats at tables and probably half as many at the [busy] bar - it's a fairly good looking and trendy crowd of professionals which is not a bad thing and as long as you can find a seat you'll get great drinks and food.  Go for the great food, cocktails, and wine - it's a fantastic place that takes pride in everything (other than the service at times) and you'll enjoy whatever you get.I can't really go into details about this place, because I was pretty intoxicated for most of the time I was here. I'm giving it 5 stars because:
1. They had some really good wine and the bartender knew what s/he was talking about. 
2. No one cared that I was being that loud talker that people roll their eyes at and think, "dude, just be quiet all right?" 
3. A nice patio. 
4. Good service.
I'd definitely go back.I will start with that driving by at night, you can pass it up since it's a shotgun house among other shotguns. In love the atmosphere here.The cocktail menu was kind is small for me, and not well varied. I cannot speak for the food. If you have a drink you like, they can make it. Another pro is the good music they have. It goes with its mid century modern decor.This restaurant is in my neighborhood, so I've been there several times. The place is upscale, but it can get very loud inside if the place is busy. I tend to sit outside, even in the sultry New Orleans summers.  The service is hit or miss. I've had wait staff who were actually rude. Other times the wait staff was wonderful. The food is consistently good though. That's why I give the place 4 stars. They make a wonderful dirty martini, but they upcharge for blue cheese stuffed olives. I tired the ribs for the first time. They were good. The duck is wonderful. The chocolate crostini dessert is amazing!Eh. I wanted to love this place, but just didn't. It was fine. It was a little packed when we walked in, and the staff just couldn't care less. Seat yourself, wait to be seated? No idea. We asked and were ignored. Okay, strike one. We decided to sit and found the only table inside with a wet dirty "reserved" sign on it, so we ventured outside. Aside from the ashtray in the table (is that even legal?) it was fine. The waitress was wonderful and very attentive. The food was okay-- but not as good as id expect for the prices. The menu mostly consists of fried food. The wine was good, but it's wine. 
I'd go again because everyone says such good things, but the first visit wasn't good.Attentive and charming bartender. We had the Toronto and fig old fashion. Toronto is very smooth.  The Fig complimented to bourbon making it well rounded and smooth to the palette.  Atmosphere is killer and they play old school vinyl - tonight it's the Supremes!!  Decor is MCM with traditional mix and sold off modern seen in polished concrete bar top.We had a great time here.  The vibe is local and chill.  Clean interior design but def. some style.  Good drinks.  Bartenders that do their job.  We went early on a Friday - 7pm and it had a little scene but wasn't overly crowded.  We did have a funny moment.  I'd read a review on here from a few months ago that commented about the crowd having a "Minnesota Mom" vibe.  But that didn't seem consistent with the rest of the reviews or our experience.  But as we were tabbing out we looked around and wouldn't you know it...there were a few Minnesota Mom like tables! GO FIGURE! All good.  And hey, there's nothing wrong with Minnesota. Or Mom's.  But it was just funny.   Still super solid.Bouligny is the bar extenuation of restaurant Lilette next door. Because we live very close we go from time to time but we honestly don't care for it and maybe that's in part because of our age. I think it best suits young professionals in their mid 20's wanting to be seen. The bar is small, loud and trendy and feels like it's trying to be NYC. At times it's empty and others packed. There is outdoor seating that is mainly used for those stepping out to smoke. 
The food, mainly "snacks" is generally ok but small & overpriced. The wine list isn't to my liking but other friends are happy with it so I would check it out to see if it's what you are looking for before going. The drinks are well made and the service is always pretty good.Really feelin this spot - Super swank and a prefect addition to the late night food and wine scene in New Orleans, its feels like a bachelor pad!
I recommend the burger and the bruschettas.We went on Valentine's Day and our bartender CJ gave us excellent food and cocktail recommendations. The food was perfect. I was convinced to try the Gouda begniets and they were amazing. The cocktails were expertly blended and our bartender was a dream. Will be coming back every chance I get. Thank you, CJ for your outstanding service.Im here... not a whole lot to say, it is an OK place... don't come alone, not the type of place to meet people... unless you are on a first date...  have a plan, don't expect much. It is a bare bones Mag St. BAR, good for people watching, lots of local, the Female Bartender (tattoed left arm ), is simple, interesting and Eccletic (generic term, S**T, can't figure out the exact word).  "Its kind of" interesting to listen to her... Anyway, the beer was cold, to me that is what matters the most. 2.25 stars.Now that I can confidently say I've tried everything on the menu I'm prepared for a review. This is a great place for a late night bite or a date. The patio area is very nice and the interior is warm and inviting. The bartenders are always trying to be old fashioned and some of them are a bit too smug. Not rude persay just stuffy. 
My favorite things on the menu:
Gouda Beignets
Bone marrow crostini 
Duck confit 
Short ribs with a rojo chimichurri   
But yeah like the other reviews say the service can be intimidating however I don't care I just get my drink and fare and they can go about their business.Classy restroom. The bartender had a neck beard with an undreroo t-shirt, flannel shirt topped with suspenders. That is the best way i can describe the food and drinks. Take it as you will.Great vibe. 
Get the Brussels sprouts. And the fries beans. 
The burger was ok. 
Good place to chat--nice date night.I've been here twice. The first time was just for drinks and based on that experience, I would give this place three stars. My second time was for dinner (with a French person) and based on that experience I'd give this place 4.5 stars.
As a bar, I found the wine overpriced and the wines by the glass were not that great. I did like the atmosphere - sophisticated young adult crowd peppered with some Tulane yuppies.
When I came here to eat my whole party was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was. Our party of four ordered 6 small plates and a bottle of wine. The food was sooooo good and the bottle was good too. I mention that I came with a French person because without him, I would have had no idea what wine to order, as they are all French. 
I would highly recommend this place for a dinner with friends.Freaking love this place. This is 100% my go to cocktail place. I have celebrated all sorts of events here, from first dates to birthdays to Valentine's. It's sexy, the drinks are awesome, the food is killer, and there's outdoor seating. Seriously, what more do you want?Good drinks and service, mediocre food.
First off, this is a very expensive spot. It caters to a kind of wealthy and pretentious beautiful crowd and presents itself in a similar light. The wine choices are excellent and the cocktails are delicious. Staff is shockingly attentive.
The food? Just okay, and entirely overpriced; all appetizers and small plates. Marrow crostini was completely lacking in salt, and a meager serving size for its price. Gouda beignets were raved about by others but came to us rather dense and chewy from undercooked dough, and incredibly over-salted. Cheese plate was good, naturally. Grilled octopus salad was remarkably good: excellent texture, doneness, acidity and balance.
I'd go back! You should go if you feel like treating yourself to some great drinks and interesting bites, not necessarily a dinner spot.What a great place!! The atmosphere was exactly my style... Young professionals eager to relieve the weeks stress.  Cocktails were great, however, the food was average. 
Will go back for the atmosphere and drinks. I'll have to second guess the "small plates"!!I love this place, the service, atmosphere and drinks are fabulous BUT I go there for my 3rd or 4th time the other night and ordered their short rib and egg taco. 7 hours later I was so sick with salmonella poisoning I could hardly move. It's been 2 days since I had the taco and I'm still feeling the results of it. Be careful with your eggs guys now that it's starting to get warm again!I absolutely LOVE New Orleans. The people are nice, the music is everywhere, and there is no shortage of great bar/restaurants. I came here on a thirsty Wednesday to meet a new friend and talk boys. She introduced me to a drink called the Negroni and I fell in love. There's a cute outside patio with Christmas lights and a cozy little bar stocked with dedicated bartenders. I absolutely loved the vibe and would definitely come back again for another round.I took my best friend here for her birthday and we both loved it!  The sirloin burger was fantastic.  I had never loved a burger as much as this one.  The gnocchi was not my favorite, but the cheese plate was good.  Our service was very friendly and knowledgeable and gave us a great reccommendation for our drinks.  They were a bit strong, though.  
Great design and space - very mod and contemporary, but relaxed.
I will definitely go back and I highly recommend the sirloin burger!Met a friend for a nice night out. We chose Bouligny Tavern for the location and  ambience. The bar was overly crowded, so the server was stretched thin. She had a poor attitude and was less then willing to explain a few of the items on the menu and give a suggestion. The drinks were marginal yet expensive, and the food was HORRIBLE, and expensive.
Pass this place up. As a local, I will venture to another more acceptable bar. We have way too many good places to waste your time and money at Bouligny.This place has delicious food and drinks but is very pricey and a little uptight. The decor is absolutely stunning though and if you get the right crowd in there it can be a little more hipster, a little less upscale.This is a great option for a romantic, laid-back meal at a comfortable pace.  There are plenty of areas to park yourself for the meal, and we were lucky to get a table but it does appear that reservations are accepted.  I'm not sure if I would wait for a table here, as turnover is not quick at all.  Our meal was easily over and hour and a half, which is more a function of the type of restaurant than anything else.  Nobody around us seemed to be in a hurry either.  
The offerings are universally terrific, especially including the marrow and garlic, and fresh fish of the day.  The Gouda beignets were fun, although it is a stretch to call them beignets.  As previously described, the cocktail menu is creative, and there is a tremendous selection of single-malt scotches not typically offered by the dram.  There is an extensive wine list with options that pair well with each small plate, I'm sure.Some other Yelp reviewer called it "retro-chic" and that sounds about right. Great atmosphere and nice portions (small plates) of excellent food. I've been here several times and will return many more times. Magazine St has few bars with this kind of character and food. 
The music is supplied by a turntable, and they have a small but excellent selection of vinyl. It can get crowded as the evening wears on, so if you want to experience it with minimal competition it's best to get there around 6 pm or 6:30.Environment: absolutely beautiful. From the music to the decor, everything is perfect. 
Service: Fast. Happy hour was a great deal. 
Food: 
Fried green beans - incredible.
Fried brussel sprouts - absolutely amazing. Perfect mix of sweet and savory. I've never had better brussel sprouts in my life. I will come back for these alone.
Gouda beignets - more cliche than substance. Not particularly tasty. Felt wasteful. 
Sirloin burger: good. Not the best in new Orleans. But very good. Definitely a satisfying dinner. 
Drinks: 
We were there for happy hour. I didn't think the drinks were much special (negroni, dacquiri) but I will definitely be back to try some of their specialty cocktails. 
Overall this is a great spot, especially if you know what to order off the menu. There are some real hits. The misses aren't really misses either, just pale in comparison to the hits. Definitely worth a visit.I love this place: it looks like the set of 'Mad Men'. The bar has an excellent wine list, and unlike Delachaise, Bouligny Tavern tends to not get too crowded