Great drink selection. Actually serve Guinness! Cozy clean and airy. Service is great and Tubad band plays all night keeping you jammin to all music NOLA. They are fantastic!GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! We stumbled upon this bar not expecting much but walked out feeling very impressed! Our bartender, Justin was very personable, friendly and just awesome!! He definitely made the entire experience. If ever back in New Orleans, I'd make bourbon street drinkery a priorityThe bartender was Justin & he was absolutely awesome! Made every second of the bar feel at
Home, friendly & amazing! Suggested great drinks for us just visiting New Orleans. Definitely will be back next time I'm in New Orleans!This place is clean and the drinks are amazing. But I loved this place because of the bartenders. Jessica was awesome and attentive. They let you try a mixed drink before you get it so you won't be wasting your money on something you don't like. It has 4 big TVs and we were able to catch the games on Saturday night. The seats were clean and comfy and there wasn't too many people so the service was good. It did get busier at the end of the night but the service stayed impeccable.Lauren was amazing! She made me my 1st Vieux Carre .. delicious!! Thank you for a great experience!!Officially my favorite Drinkery on Bourbon. It's a clean and cool spot to hang out and enjoy the views. As stated in other posts- the bathrooms are spotless. No cover and good drinks? Yes please. I highly recommend the Strawberry Lemonade- it's delish and totally refreshing.Chance, the bartender, is the absolute best!!! He treated my sister and me like royalty and kept the mimosas coming! We returned after our cruise JUST because of how amazing he was. The Bourbon Street Drinkery is our perch spot from now on.Ran in from the rain and had a blast! On a Monday at 11 am. Bartender was awesome a d great drinksThis place is awesome! They have great drink specials and the DJ is live! I love this place and will definitely go back next time I'm in New Orleans!Fresh off the press ... less than a week open! They have great locally sourced wines and beers in addition to the standard offerings. Lots of room and excellent service!!I agree with all the reviews that this bar was relatively clean compared to others. I only tried the Moscow mule (single person one, not the 4 person minimum) & as a regular drinker of mules this was by far the worst I've ever had. It was a gross pre-made mix, extremely sweet & artificially gingery. I wouldn't mind going back to try something else but definitely would avoid that drink.Justin was our bartender and was an amazing friend to meet. He exceeded my expectations of the personality of NOLA! Highly recommend asking for himJustin is the MAN! Showed my girlfriend and I a great time. We're only here for the weekend but we will definitely come back throughout our stay.Probably the Cleanest and Nicest Bar on Bourbon St. We hit this spot on March 17 and had a blast. It was an all day party at this spot from having a live DJ for about 4 hours to bringing in a Brass Band for another 4-5 hours to close the night. The Bartenders are great with heavy hands. They have good prices and the best thing of all- the Restrooms are clean and safe. If you are on Bourbon, you could feel the energy from their open windows- so hit this spot if you are near by.An oasis on Bourbon Street.  It's clean (even the bathrooms) and their drinks aren't made of sugar and ever clear.  Now that being said, I'd suggest staying away from the frozen mule- so much ginger in that it burns, but if you get once on the rocks from scratch it's just right.  They have a good draft beer selection too and balcony!Had such a great time! Came by to kill time before going to Acme house & Justin showed us a great time! Borderline didn't make it to dinner haha. He is a one man team, but showed us a great time! Thanks Justin for making our first stop in Nola memorable!This is an awesome place to be when in NOLA! I wish it was possible to give them more stars! I love the atmosphere and the bartenders are so friendly. I will come back here every time I come to visit.Classy bar on Bourbon. Drink selection is great. Bar tenders are fast. Prices are great. VERY CLEAN.Fun, great atmosphere bar on Bourbon. New joint, dealing with the recent construction right outside it's door... Don't let that stop you. Big, be open space and balconies available. Also, great drink specials.What a breath of fresh air in the French Quarter! Literally.  It is open from the front to the back, allowing fresh air to circulate.  Out back is a courtyard with some seating.  In the front are 2 large open windows with 2-person tables.  A/C is on, so you're able to take a break from the heat, humidity, and smell of the streets.  Bathrooms are impressively clean and large with the A/C on full blast.  Drinks are good although a bit overpriced.  I do hate that they only have Pepsi products.  Hopefully, that changes eventually.  Can't imagine ordering a Jack and Pepsi.  The bar also has an atm machine near the front door.  I can't wait to come back and add this bar to the rotation.Visit Laken and Justine at the bar. This is the best bar on Bourbon with REAL drinks and great music!.. and their restrooms are clean.If you are looking for a chill joint, I don't really think this is your joint. When we walked in, there was a band playing and that shit was so freakin' loud! My hubs wanted to sit by the bar so we could chat with the bartender. She was pretty knowledgeable about beers and introduced my hubby to a bunch of local brews. I was definitely deaf in one ear after that night, haha. 
I ran into a couple from Australia that had apparently lost her phone and key card... I ran to flag her down because I figured she was hunting for it and I was leaving the bathroom with it - Was going to turn it in to the bartender. She was so happy that I had found it for her that she bought me a drink. Poor thing didn't care much for being so close to the performers where we were though, so they wandered away after partaking in one drink. 
Anyway, the bartender is awesome! Maybe stay away from the doors by where the artists perform if you wanna preserve your hearing.A clean bar in NOLA! What?! That's right, this bar is a good spot to hang out.  They have live music, televisions and beers on tap along with all the hard alcohol that you want.  It definitely becomes a hot spot later towards the evening, but when they are open earlier in the late afternoon or early evening, it is very empty and quite easy to get a drink without a line.  Great spot for groups or even for people trying to hang out at a place that isn't so dirty.Amazing bar on Bourbon.  Cleanest and nicest on the whole strip. Spotless restrooms and great selection of beer and mix drinks. Didn't expect this on Bourbon Street.Any time I come here during the day, it's pretty chill. I like their daily promos of the 3.75 mimosas, dollar off beers, and frozen drink specials. The music playlist is very diverse which I love. It's also clean and the staff is friendly. 
Come night time, this place turns into a straight up club which is fun. I've been here few times and continue to enjoy it.This place is awesome. It is so nice to find a bar like this...pristine clean, great drinks, and wonderful customer service. We spent a couple of afternoon hours here and I can't wait to go back! It feels like a bar for adults..an oasis from whalebone daquiris and big ass beers.Just WOW. By far the CLEANEST place I have ever been on Bourbon and probably the quarter for that matter. Clean bathrooms and it's July and I was actually chilly the AC was AWESOME. 
The second floor is more night club than bar and has a really dark expressive feel. very fancy and upscale for Bourbon. 
Great cocktails including frozen Irish Coffee and Moscow Mules a friendly fun staff.  
Great for all occasions! 
I will be back!Was here a few weekends ago and still remember how different the atmosphere was. Definitely cleaner and more thoughtout bar layout than the rest on Bourbon. Spent both nights there and ended up getting invited to the second floor's opening night. Bartenders where great, Selina and Angela made sure I never had to ask for a drink. Not sure when I will be back but already miss this place.Hands down the cleanest bar on Bourbon St with consistently the best drinks, try The Saint before it runs out!!Good chill and clean atmosphere for drinks. We came before band to watch a game. Love band starts at 8p every night so not sure how loud it gets in here. No panhandlers or people standing at the door ushering you in which was a change for NOLA. Getting a good buzz from my double Tito's and cran. Bartender let me taste the blood orange margarita on tap. Moscow mule on tap is also yummy!The nicest place for music on Burbon st. Great music. Great atmosphere. Good service. A nice balcony on the second floor watching the st. Defenetly a place for a drink.I hosted my welcome drinks for my wedding here on the second floor for guests and it was the best time ever!! We had the whole second floor to ourselves and brought in beads to throw off of the balcony. Everyone had an amazing time and raved about The Drinkery!Probably one of the only classy joints on bourbon. Drinks are great, live music has been great and we just love the overall ambience. The bathrooms are especially nice which is a nice change from every other place on bourbon! The food looks/smells good but we didn't eat.
Pictured is the sazarac and French 75One of the classiest and mellow bars on Bourbon St. Valerie and Justice are awesome hosts. (Ladies, please leave his beard alone) Alexis is a killer, and is training Emily who is new and she is getting there quickly. 
This is definitely one of the top 5 bars as far as their liquor, music and staff! top end liquor selection. The atmosphere is also great. This was the first bar I visited and my favorite during our week here. 
They have Blanton's and Don Julio 1942. Even the Bourbon House Bar didn't have Blanton's.Walked by, no cover, 2 drink min, nice 30+ crowd, live band that takes request, wings are tastyLive music 
Friendly bartender 
Fun atmosphere
Strong drinks 
Lost a star because the drinks were a bit pricey for a strawberry lemonade and a fuzzy navel.Oh boy...... My fiance and I were in town with a couple from Norway (friends of ours traveling the states). During out escapades through NoLa we drank at quite a few watering holes. Bourbon Street Drinkery left a mark in my memory. You can say its good, you can say its bad, but one thing is for certain it was fun! Heres how the story begins: All 4 of us were eating Po'Boys (as one does in NoLa) and the girls stood up and just kinda started running away. Jon and I being a solid half days of drinks in look at each other, finish our sandwiches and then chase after them. It took us about 8 blocks to reach them when they informed us they were seeking a CVS due to an allergic reaction. Jon and I decided to pass time at the nearest bar, this happened to be Bourbon Street Drinkery. We walk in and each grab a beer to wait for the girls to return, one beer turns to two and eventually we here from the girls. They are going to head back to our AirBnb to lay low and get some rest. As I am getting off the phones with them Jon and I are at the bar and two bartenders are listening to my entire conversation with the fiance about them heading home. Mind you the 4 of us were the only 4 in the bar at this time (2pm on a Monday I think). I hang up the phone and look at Jon and say "well i don't know what to do know". Without skipping a beat both bartenders look at us and say "we do". With little to no arm twisting they talk us into ordering a "BuckShot". The illustrious buckshot is a can of redbull with a hole punched in the side of it (shotgun style), half the redbull is poured out then the rest is filled up with a myriad of liquors. The bartenders, Jon and I all did one, we went from 0 to 1000 in a little under 2 minutes. I do not remember if we had another beer here, but this was the catalyst in an amazing night. We barhopped around the city, I introduced Jon to Malort (cus I'm an asshole and there was another random bar here that served it). Eventually Jon and I ended up on a patio at some point and ran away because he smashed an entire pitcher at our feet. Soon after these events we had to go back to this patio bar (whatever and wherever the hell it was....Irish district maybe), to grab Jons passport which he left there like a total idiot. Eventually we reunite with the ladies who are bathing, drinking wine and having a nice night in. Jon and I proceeded to show off our manly strength by shirtless wrestling and probably destroying a very old coffee table where we were staying. Anyway, thanks for the memories .....or lack there of Bourbon Street Drinkery!Great Atmosphere & Drinks. Visited in the afternoon for some Mimosas & Bloody Marys before hitting the French Quarter. Valerie was friendly & shared some great attractions to check out. My mom & I really enjoyed the laid back vibe even though the place is right on Bourbon street.  The drinks were delicious & reasonable priced. I look forward to visiting this bar again when I return for future visits.Bear in mind I'm a tourist that found this place just walking into Bourbon street. We were drawn to this place because of the live music coming out of it at 3 o'clock on a Sunday (an NFL game day Sunday!) and it wasn't packed. The band was good, playing a mix of jazz, Marley and hits. We had 8 people as part of a birthday get together and when the lead singer of the band saw the "birthday girl" sash while he was on a break, he said he'd sing her happy birthday. It was great! It wasn't the traditional birthday song which was so unique and fun. The staff behind the bar were attentive and checked with us multiple times on drinks. I liked the ambiance, we had a couple seats by a window in the front that was open so some of us could stand outside or inside and still talk. The restrooms were clean and it has an outdoor back patio as well. Unfortunately the upstairs and balconies weren't open when we were there.I was a part of a wedding party this past Saturday and I have to say WOW the bartenders were probably the best part of this place! The service was quick and close to perfect! 
Loren was especially attentive and made great conversation and probably made some of the best drinks I've had in a long time!Tried multiple cocktails and they were each quite watered down. The bartender added more vodka to a drink and it made absolutely no difference. Probably not the bar for you if you're trying to consume actual alcohol.We stopped in right after arriving to New Orleans. It is my first time here in LA so I was very much looking for a bar with good classic rock, rock, country, and jazz before we came across this gem. The ambiance inside is delightful and dark, really setting the tone for a decent dive. Great music and great service! Moses and Sam helped us to find some other bars that have similar music and drinks! Cheers and thank you!Wow.  Walked in and ordered an Abita Amber.   She sets it down. $6.75.  No would you like anything else, would you like food, nothing.  
I will finish this beer and run.Wade!!!! We don't know your last name, but you've got the cleanest bar on Bourbon. Coolest, great band and cleanest restrooms!!! We were very impressed!!! #txfamily #satxFirst thing I can say about this place was the bathroom was the cleanest I've seen on Bourbon street! No woman in the bathroom to pay to wash your hands. The mimosas on the happy hour were decent price and were big servings. The air conditioning was an added bonus. We watched a football game here and had a great time.My wife and I came here over Christmas holidays and it was a big letdown. Looks nice from the outside and the music was good, but beer taps are dirty nasty and we saw a couple of cockroaches so I'm assuming they're in the kitchen too.  We had Ghost in the Machine on tap and it tasted like a dirty tap.  Plenty of other options on this strip, but I would avoid Drinkery.Darko was awesome, best bartender here!! Highly recommend this place anytime your in Nola, this is my 3rd trip to New Orleans, and every time we make this place a must! Bang for your buck, mimosas they way they should be..... enjoy!!!It's a pretty cool place. It's not as live as some of the places around it. It's a little more relaxed feeling. I like it! It feels a little more "classy" I guess. Great atmosphere and great music. Bartenders are super cool! Prices are somewhat high but it's Bourbon St, your gonna have that.Passed by and heard a great band playing, had a few beers and enjoyed the music and cool place. Would post a video but not an option.Be careful of this place! No prices on the menu and sketchy bartenders. I was told cash only after ordering and then watched them take cards from several other patrons.
Response: no name tags. I did ask him after I saw others using cards. He told me he had asked if I wanted to start a tab. Not accurate he refused my card when I offered it. Price was legit but we finished our drinks and left. Too bad because the music was good and our party of six would have enjoyed staying.One of the worst places I had a pleasure being part of.  FYI, this place will kick you out for having fun.  Might as well go somewhere else if you want to have some fun!  I mean it!!  Spend lots of $$$ and ended up on the street.  Never again!!!  This place sucks!!!!Wow what a great spot. Loves the beer selection friendly bar staff and they had an amazing band that played all sorts of music from rock to country and everything In between. We sat in the courtyard where the music wasn't as loud. We Had a great time. I would definitely come backThis is a relatively new bar on Bourbon(2 years) featuring fantastic blues/rock bands seven nights a week. Great friendly staff, had a blast. Will bring back friends!Bad service.  Overpriced "cocktails" that come out of the tap.  They are just premixed like you buy at the store.don't worry my 3 stars could have easily been 5 if it wasn't for the bartender who didn't talk or interact with us on a Monday night. I just wanted better service. there that is my complaint...
this is a town where EVERYBODY is saying something to EVERYBODY and the bartender here (just the one guy) was not a talker. even when he did speak you couldn't hear him over the music. 
BUT the drinks were outstanding.
there are 500 dirty bars up and down Bourbon street and this establishment has classy written all over it. Hell i'll pay $12 for a drink if it's not ever-clear and Slurpee in a cup shaped like a butt....
so why am i NOT impressed? the service was barely there. this seems like a new place, but when i go back(and y'all know i will) i hope to make this a 5 star review with a staff that ain't so freaking cool they don't get that i am about to go blow a bankroll in a dirtier place down the street.Great bar with better live music than some of the other clubs, but the music is so loud that it's painful.  It's loud at all the clubs, but this place turns it up to an extreme that is outright unpleasant.  The guitar player in the exceptional band playing during Jazz Fest '19 turns his amp up so high that it buzzes so loudly it ruins their sound.  Had to leave in disgust.Extremely disappointing service
I arrived at this establishment with six of my friends on New Years Eve and decided to buy everyone in the group a shot of fireball. I asked to close my tab and the total came to about 60 dollars. I left the bartender a 1 dollar tip because after we took the shots I was going to buy another round of drinks and pay with cash and I wanted to leave her a 18% cash tip for both rounds like I always do. After I finished my drink I heard her say hey you so I turned around and she said "1 dollar are you f****** serious dude? If you dont have enough money to tip you don't have enough money to drink" and then stormed off without giving me a chance to even explain what my plan was. It was loud enough so everyone around me heard it including my friends. It was embarrassing and belittling and unacceptable. Don't visit this establishment unless you want to be publicly chastised.Sat at a table for 10 minutes waiting to order drinks with  6 employees and 12 patrons at the bar, we never had our order taken let alone a greeting, however the employees were having a good time serving themselves alcohol, disgusting, warn ALL to stay clear, or go visit and rate these idiots out of business.Cool vibe, first time here, drinks and service on point, band last night was ridiculous. Would have loved to see the crowd be more generous the tip jar but i don't make the world go round. Well worth a visit.Great music! Great service at the bar. Kitchen was closed as they were cleaning and changing oil, but they allowed us to bring food in. The bathrooms were IMMACULATE and on Bourbon Street, that's a miracle within itself!!! Thank you for the memories!Last night in NOLA ended up here on a Sunday night because of an amazing band.  Drinks are a bit .. very much on the peicey side but the music was good.  Sierra Green and the soul machine if you want to look up sierra green.  The band thst night was big mike and the R and B kings were the featured band ... sundays and Tuesdays ... hmm note they dont allow you to being in drinks from the outside ...Looked clean but no service. Wait 20 minutes for a beer? No thanks. Be nice if they posted prices tooIt was loud. And unnecessarily so. We were basically yelling in our waitress's face to tell her what drinks we wanted. Also, their menus weren't up to date so the beer I wanted was not available. 
Yeah there wasn't an upside except the live band was pretty decent.Classier than several of the places along Bourbon Street. Charming patio and friendly staff, no cover, effective security and bands that truly know how to drive their instruments! We will come back next trip to NOLA.Cool vibe, first time here, drinks and service on point, band last night was ridiculous. Would have loved to see the crowd be more generous the tip jar but i don't make the world go round. Well worth a visit.I stopped in here on a Friday and Saturday night during my visit to New Orleans.  The Drinkery was not open during my previous visit to the French Quarter.  My initial draw inside was the band that was playing.  This would have been at approximately 10:30 PM.  Band had a great sound and feel, all with no cover!  Quality of the band could have definitely merited a cover.
I would end up spending at least two hours there Friday and another hour or so Saturday evening.  Wait staff was friendly and professional.  There was a solid cocktail program in place as well with crafted drinks.
I would highly recommend this bar for anyone looking for a good beverage, meeting up with someone/group, or enjoying a band.Great music. Nice beer selection. Clean premises. Would definitely come back. They have a lot of locally brewed beers.If you're in New Orleans and on Bourbon, then you have to stop by this spot. While attempting to stroll pass, the music was tantalizing and I had to get closer. The first person that you will meet at the door is Security and the next people that you'll meet is an awesome band. We stayed for 6 hours listening to the band & returned the next night (there were 2 bands) and did it again. The drinks are great & reasonable. All of the staff, including the bartenders, are great. Last, but not least Security (Ron) is awesome! Kudos to the entire staff. We'll definitely return!This place is probably the best place to hit up for a fun time without worrying about bumping into a rowdy cracked out tourist. The band was great. The bartenders were very attentive and even came outside the bar area to check on you. Great place. Classiest place on bourbon street in my opinion.If you're in New Orleans and on Bourbon, then you have to stop by this spot! While attempting to stroll pass, the music was tantalizing and I had to get closer. The first person that you will meet at the door is Security and the next people that you'll meet is an awesome band. We stayed for 6 hours listening to the band & returned the next night (there were 2 bands) and it was just as awesome as the night before. The drinks are great & reasonable. All of the staff, including the bartenders, are great. Last, but not least Security (Ron) is awesome! He's definitely the best Security in NOLA. Kudos to the entire staff. We'll definitely return!Nice atmosphere good time had by all not crowded at all upstairs. This was after the Dallas Cowboys lost to the New Orleans saints in the Mercedes-Benz SuperdomeAbsolutely the cleanest, friendliest spot on Bourbon Street!  The bartenders are great, very attentive and professional.  Moses, the Manager, is very personable and makes the rounds to ensure each and every one of his guests is comfortable and pleased with the service. Valerie, Justice, and Alexia are all awesome.  The entire team stays on top of it!  The drink menu is extensive and the bartenders' ability to make anything is awesome.  The music is good and gets better as the week progresses. We loved the place so much that we closed five of our seven evenings there!  
Check it out!  Bring a friend!  You won't regret it!Best on Bourbon Street. These ladies do a GREAT job. Great drinks served up by Louisiana's best. Smile - you've won my business!Good drinks and food.
Beware: 20% gratuity is included in all bills and they do not give you itemized bill unless you ask.Been there on a Saturday night! Good live music. I didn't spent a lot of time at this place as I was pub hopping.
If you visit this place please try the specialty BUKSHOT (Redbull + Secret Ingredients that they don't tell) . Bartenders will make one for them as well if they serve it for you. 
Happy Partying!BEWARE: We were in town again for Jazz Fest 2019, like we are every year.  And we walked into The Drinkery  and saw on the menu one of their specialty drinks, called the Saint, is said to be pure vodka that was infused for two full weeks with pineapple. I purchased the drink after asking the price, which they said was $12.50, but I decided to go for it as there was a great band playing music and my best friend and I were enjoying the night. The drink came and they said it comes out of a tap. Weird, but alright. Sadly, it tasted like watered down pineapple juice and absolutely zero alcohol. When I asked the manager about why there was no alcohol in the drink he said oh it's just very light. But how could pure vodka infused with fruit for 2 weeks taste like zero alcohol. It makes absolutely no sense, and after paying $13.50 for it including the dollar tip, I just feel like they are really pulling one over on their customers. Bourbon Street has been dying for years, but places like this who prey on tourists are what is making it even worse. It looks like such a great little spot, and the band was awesome, but I know this bar won't last long with tactics like this.A fun little bar on Bourbon St. Drinks are reasonably priced and it's easy to get liquored up here. They also have some great bands that play in the evening. This was one of our favorites to come to.SAM was awesome sauce!! So fun, attentive, so great. PLUS he had amazing socks(and teeth) ;) If you're in NOLA, come and ask for SAM!Was drawn in by the great music. Band was amazing.We sat down at the bar and had a couple drinks and the wings with  fries. Everything was reasonably priced and the wings were garlic & Parmesan flavour and were really good and unique. Bar staff was really friendly and attentive. We were very surprised it wasn't crowded because it was such a great atmosphere and a classier bar on bourbon. Had a great time!My Wife and I spend 3 days in New Orleans and were staying just a few blocks away. We probably wandered in and out of 30+ Bars/Restaurants during our time there and we both agreed that Bourbon Street Drinkery was the nicest bar we visited. We stopped in once during the heat of the day and my Wife got a frozen Jameson drink and she loved it. We also stopped back in and the evening to listen to some live music. They have a great beer selection too. We'll definitely be back on our next trip.