Visited for lunch. Good was ok. A little pricey than I expected. Wait staff was friendly
 My husband's potatoes were undercooked and our friends chicken was rare and had to be sent backThis is a must when traveling to NOLA. Everything here was great! We ordered the sweetbreads to start with and the octopus. So good. When it was time to order entrees we went with the pork on the menu and the duck. WOW! These were both great choices. The pork came with a sweet corn purée and wild rice succotash which was to die for. We of course had to order their bananas fosters for two which they prepare table side. This is neat to watch and even better when you are eating it!!! Since it was my birthday, they brought me out a huge cotton candy sundae which was super sweet of them! Wish this was closer to me because I would be visiting them often without a doubt.WORST EXPERIENCE. I downloaded Yelp JUST to write this review. I am on a family trip with my uncle and father. We have been in New Orleans only for a few hours and just wanted to have a light lunch. We went to Brennan's hoping to have a nice time and a decent meal. I have eaten there a few times before and always have had a pleasant experience. It was happy hour when we walked in so they were only serving appetizers, which was fine with us. We sat down, our waiter came over and tried to sell us on happy hour drink specials. We told him we would just be eating. Total attitude shift. I'm assuming he decided since we weren't going to be running up a big tab with drinks, we were not worth his time, or worth being kind to. He was extremely rude. The few times he actually came to drop off what we had ordered, which by the way, was not very good, he barely spoke a word. He never came back and we had to ask the manager for our check, which we asked to be split up. It was not divided, and so unfortunately, the manager had to go get our waiter. My uncle paid in cash and accidentally put one of the bills where his water had been sitting. He said to the waiter "I'm sorry I accidentally laid the bill
down in some water" this waiter then ROLLED HIS EYES and asked "are we good here?" Wow! No, we are not good. I will not be going back to Brennan's. I have seen quite a few reviews on here saying that the staff is rude or looks like they would "rather be bashing their head against the wall" than work in the service industry. Brennan's needs to let go of a few employees.Words almost can't describe how wonderful my breakfast was here. Husband and I went without checking that it was a "fancy" restaurant. The staff treated us very well despite our casual attire. We started with a brûléed grapefruit atop creme anglaise that was divine and unique. I had a parmesan crusted artichoke Benedict with creamed spinach and it was insane!!!!!!!! I cook and I dream about food, it's the main thing I think about (second to my family of course) and this kind of changed my life. ALL the waiters were friendly and attentive, as with any 5 star fine dining restaurant, but it was truly genuine. Oh and there's a turtle pond in the atrium and the bathrooms were beautiful. The coffee tasted like melted dark chocolate and the baguette that came gratis was heaven dipped in my perfectly runny eggs. GO, you will not regret it!What a disappointment. For the amount of money that you spend eating here you would think they could bring food out warm. Instead all of our dishes were cold, the poached eggs didn't even run and the "world famous" bananas foster wasn't cooked long enough. Our waiter was slow, hardly checked on us. The best part of my whole visit was finally getting to leave.My husband and I frequent New Orleans all the time. We decided to come and spend a week down here for the holidays and to celebrate our 15 year wedding anniversary. We hadn't ever had the privilege of being able to eat at the Brennan's on Royal street. It was New Year's Eve, and we were walking to get brunch. My husband had ended up injuring his leg, so we were anxious for some place close. We decided at the last minute to see if we could get into Brennan's. Typically, as this is a New Orleans staple, we would need to make reservations. Upon entering the r stay rant, the hostess asked if we had them, and we explained no. She offered us a chance to have accommodations at the bar. We know service at a bar can go one of two ways. But we decided to risk it. Our server at the bar was named Hung. He made us very comfortable and honestly I felt like we got the best service in the restaurant. Not only were the drinks amazing, but his recommendations for brunch were out of this world. They offer a variety of ways to do brunch and I opted to try their turtle soup. I cook a lot, and have collected many creole and Cajun cookbooks for my collection and knew that they are famous for it. Worth every penny! They do live music during brunch, and do keep in mind the food is traditional. I don't mind spending good money on good food and great service, but being a local institution you should budget accordingly. I hope to go back in the future to make a dinner reservation. I always recommend making a reservation before going somewhere but I also realize there's a thing to be said with a little patience and some luck.Sit on the patio enjoy the beauty that surrounds. Savor the champagne. Watch the Saboring at 5 on Fridays.Truly a trip back in time to authentic southern hospitality. Gracious timeless decor, amazing food and outstanding service. Michael our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the food and the history of Brennan's. 
I enjoyed the eggs cardinal (two seafood cakes topped with spinach, pouched eggs and  spicy mustard hollandaise sauce) , turtle soup a house recipe Bloody Mary. My wife enjoyed a crab and wild mushroom omelette.  Of course we had to have the famous and original Bananas Foster.  Yes, it was for breakfast!Oh, Brennan's...I see a love - hate relationship developing. After an AMAZING dinner in December 2014, we returned on June 7, 2015 for brunch. 
The Hate...
We arrived at 11:45 for a reservation at noon. We were directed to the bar and told someone would come find us a little closer to our reservation time. We ordered drinks at the bar and waited. At 12:10 the hostess came to get us and we began following her to our table. She stopped suddenly and asked, "oh, are there three of you?" (which had already been covered when we arrived). She told us it would just be a moment while they finished setting up our table. At 12:15 I went back to the hostess to see how much longer it might be, and explained that one person in our party had a flight to catch and needed to leave by 1:30.
At 12:20 we were seated and immediately greeted by one of our servers. We each ordered an appetizer and an entree.We waited for about 20 minutes for our appetizers. At 1:40 we still had not received our entrees. The server who had been responsible for bread and filling our water glasses asked if we needed anything so we asked if he could please check on the status of our entrees. He left, came back and reported that he couldn't tell what we had ordered because there was "too much going on back there". 
Our entrees finally arrived at 1:45. They weren't cold, but were no where near hot. At no point did our head server ever come back to our table to check on our entrees or to offer more drinks. When we were done eating and someone else had cleared our plates, he finally came by to ask if we wanted dessert. We did, but explained that we didn't have time. He mumbled something under his breath about the kitchen, and then walked away. We could see him talking to someone nearby, whom we assumed was a manager, with one of our other servers. He then returned to give us our check and said that they had taken $40 off our ticket. Which might have been ok, if he had just taken the slightest bit of responsibility for the poor service and said something as simple as, "I'm sorry".
The Love...
The food was absolutely outstanding. The turtle soup was the best I've ever had, and a friend's Egg Yolk Carpaccio was like heaven on a plate. And the Egg's Benedict, even though they weren't hot, were incredible.
To be fair, once we called the manager over, (I think he should have come by as soon as he knew there was a problem, and not waited until we asked our server to speak to him) ended up comping our entire meal, and was very apologetic and responsive to our feedback. Sadly, he told us that he was grateful to have us tell him we thought the service was bad, because he thought the only problem was in the kitchen. 
Brennan's....the problem does not appear to be in the kitchen. The food is outstanding. But your front of the house needs some work.The best steak I've ever had. Excellent service, tasty cocktails and elegant food.Brennan's was simply Spectacular! 
We got the only open reservations to Brennans on drive down yo the big east and on this rainy day we were very glad we did. We started with a martini and a hibiscus something. No complaints. 
We were at the bar for a short drink and then our number is called.  
The EGG YOLK CARPACCIO is over the top and absolutely delicious. 
The GUMBO was as good as I've ever eaten. All the Brennan's restaurants normally has excellent gumbo and turtle soup. 
The GRAPEFRUIT BRULE was very good and something different to try. 
The a CORNED DUCK HASH was very tasty. 
The RABBIT RUSHING was another great choice. 
I can't wait to get back to Brennan's
That's why you drive 5 hours to eat!My first visit back after the much awaited reopening and it was very good and worth the wait. The remodeling of the front room was great. We dined in the traditional garden room. The noise level was very very high...especially the unruly children at the table behind us. On the more important note, the food was good from start to finish. My favorite drink an old fashion was excellent. All our appetizers were wonderful and I had the oysters. We shared a salad which was better than anticipated. The fish dish was tasteful and delightful. We wrapped up with the traditional dessert of bananas foster. It was good as anticipated but I have had some better. I noticed another table celebrating a birthday with cotton candy which is truly a novelty. Our waiter was experienced and very attentive. He definitely understood our inability to talk over the unruly children running through the tables and screaming. By the time we had dessert the sound level dropped and the kids left. My suggestion to the owners is segregate the tables with children from those with an idea of quiet dinner together. Definitely be back and hopefully the traditional crepes will be back for dessert.Hands down, 5+ stars. The best breakfast experience from the food, service, decor, reservation process, etc I have ever had..even the coffee was out of this world. Make a reservation here and ask for Christopher (Captain). Other than the absolutely amazing food, he was the next best part of the experience.
Turtle Soup, Baked Apple, Eggs Benedict - insanely good
Vanilla Scented French Toast - mind blowing. GET THIS.
Banana Foster - the experience of having it made it front of you is enough of a reason to get it, but it tastes just as incredible as it looks. 
My boyfriend and I are huge foodies (from Dallas) and are still talking about this meal days later. This place is as good as it gets! Easily in my top 5 restaurants ever!I had the Rabbit Rushing which I gather is a specialty dish named after the head chef. It was the most ridiculous, irresponsibly delicious item I ate all week - and that's during a week spent in New Orleans mostly for the purpose of eating. Perfect breading, with meat that seemed to have been brined in buttermilk, on top of creamed collard greens with a nice spring to them, drizzled with this fantastic jus that had little pieces of pickled pork in it. I tasted a few other items and all were delicious, but that rabbit is blocking out my memories of the other food even though it was all tasty. 
After I recovered from this meal, we went back later that night just for drinks and dessert. We tried a couple small things, there was this crazy deconstructed pina colada cake where all the elements of the cake were separate and you eat them together, it was fun and each ingredient stood up on its own. There was also a bread pudding that was built around this indulgent boozy custard. Both times I visited, the waitstaff was polite and presented the dishes in an entertaining way. Highly recommended.Welcome back, Brennan's!
I was there re-opening day. We certainly expected snags, but had far fewer than anticipated, which was great!
The table wasn't ready at our reservation time, so we were invited into the cocktail room (just like a bar, but fancier) to have a drink while waiting. We sat down, unsure if we were to order from the bar or if there was table service. None of the employees knew either. Staff were asking each other - and by the time someone came by, our table was ready.
From there, everything was PERFECT and flawless!
Our drinks included perfectly strong coffee, a Caribbean Milk Punch and a great Bloody Mary.
There are three prix-fixe meals on the menu - but I ruled them out, as none had the bananas foster as a dessert. :)
For appetizers, we had the seafood gumbo and the roasted oysters with smoked chili butter and Manchego.
My friend had the escargot omelette and I opted for the Croque Madame Royal. (Instead of ham and swiss, it's proscuitto, truffle, and gruyere), topped with a sunny side up duck egg and bechamel sauce. Both were rich, obscenely decadent and delicious! 
While not really a huge fan of bananas, I couldn't be at Brennan's and not have the Bananas Foster. For the show more than the dish itself. What can I say, I am a sucker for a nice flambe!
The staff timed service perfectly. Water glasses never empty, all plates presented simultaneously. Always at the ready, but not intrusive.
Truly, welcome back - and may this institution enjoy many more generations of legendary New Orleans quality and decadence!We went for brunch.  Great decor. Great service! They regaled us with stories, history AND provided great food service. Best bloody mary ever! Tried it all and it was awesome! Rabbit, duck, turtle.....and then, the grand finale....the original bananas foster. Awesome!!Breakfast at Brennan's is a must each time we come to New Orleans.  Love the atmosphere food and service. We always get the mimosas, Eggs Benedict and Bananas Foster.  Of course, Brennan's is where the incredible dessert was created!! This time my husband tried the Roasted Oysters.  He said they were good, but he preferred just plain raw oysters with horseradish sauce instead.  I think he must be a purist! lol  All in all no trip to NOLA is worth missing Brennan's!!First of all, excellent service! Our servers were very friendly and knowledgeable and they were extremely attentive. The food was all mind blowing. This was the best part of our trip to New Orleans. We went for breakfast Sunday morning. We ordered the baked apple, creole crepes, artisanal eggs benedict, braised pork grillades, and the bananas foster. An unforgettable meal. We also really loved the atmosphere and the restaurant was beautiful.We decided to have dinner here shortly after we arrived in New Orleans.  I say that because after being seated I realize it should have been thought out instead of a spur of the moment decision.  My reasoning is I would have dressed a lot nicer and felt more comfortable.  It was such a beautiful romantic restaurant.
The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was upscale and nice.  We were presented with the drink list and the dinner menu.  I started with the Sparkling Strawberry Cocktail.  It was perfect - not too sweet and very good.  We were presented with an extensive wine list after we ordered our drinks.  If you are a wine lover as I am you will want to ask for that list before ordering drinks.
I had to go with the Berere Spiced Tuna for my entree.  Gulf Tuna with okra and black-eyed peas in a coconut cream sauce.  It was so delicious!  There is nothing better than dining at a nice restaurant with amazing food!  Hats off to the chef.  This will be a must stop for every trip to New Orleans.  It was that impressive!Our group of 15 was in town for a bachelor party and Brennan's was a perfect spot for us to book a private room for a relaxing dinner. It was a welcomed change of pace from all the other activities NOLA has to offer. 
Our 3 course meal was reasonably priced and we were seated privately in the Wine Room. I would definitely recommend this for a large group, 10-15 people.
We had a minor billing dispute that the event coordinator took care of with ease. I really appreciate how they handled it and I would definitely set up another dinner here if we ever return.We mainly go here for breakfast when in town, but the turtle soup is fantastic for lunch.  Highly recommend the Egg Yolk Carpaccio if there for breakfast though.1 of my all time favorite restaurants in the French Quarter. Was closed for 1.5 years to undergo a $27M renovation. It is a beautiful historic location. They expanded it in a huge way and added 70 more tables. Not crazy about the idea of renovating a historic building but they did a great job and it still feels very historic. 
The food and service were 5 stars as always. Cannot go here and not get the Bananas Foster which was born here 60 years ago. World Famous delight.While in New Orleans recently, we had to have Sunday Brunch at Brennan's. We joined friends around 11 and made it just in time before the crowd came. You definitely need to have reservations for any of the trendy New Orleans dining spots.
   There were six of us so we decided to each order something different and treat ourselves by sharing the meals. While we didn't share drinks, at the table were the following: New Orleans Coffee / Caribbean Milk Punch / Sparkling Watermelon and water for drinks. Food items included: Egg Yolk Carpaccio, Strawberries and Cream. Red Plum Blintz, Turtle Soup, Artisanal Eggs Benedict, Eggs Sardou, Vanilla Scented French Toast and Louisiana Bouillabaisse Risotto.
   While I don't have photos of all the dishes, I can attest that they were all definitely worth ordering. I tried everything but the Turtle Soup, but the others said it was good. The Carpaccio, Blintz and French Toast were my favorites. Each dish had large portions and beautiful plate displays. The crispy sweet potato strings were a nice compliment to the egg carpaccio and the Red Plum Blintzes were a hit with everyone. They were not only filling, but also just sweet enough to be used as a dessert if desired.
If you visit Brennan's, don't forget to go to the ladies' room. The classy pink decorations, complimented with soft mint green accents, made my day.Our Server was awful. He seemed irritated that he had to do his job. He never came back to check on is and basically disappeared for most of the brunch. The second Server only walked by to introduce herself. We come every year for the Bananas Foster and amazing food. When our Server Q made it he did not make it properly. He did not let the banana liqueur thicken. He did not turn the bananas at all. Once he was done he stabbed them with the fork and moved them over to the ice cream tray; rather than bringing tray to pan. When he poured the sauce it was like soup. There was plenty left over and there should not have been. After he made this we watched another server make it the proper way so it just frustrated is even more. Also, I ordered a Brandy milk punch and it was brought over. Another Server brought an additional one, I told him I already had it he said keep it you won't get charged and it will go in the trash. So I kept it... When the check came I was charged twice. I advised Q and he took it off. I come every year and will not be back next year.I made a reservation for four people for 1:30 in the afternoon. My family and I were excited to try their brunch after reading all of the amazing reviews. 
We arrived ten minutes early and the host told us that our reservation was at 1:45. I corrected him and told him that the reservation was for 1:30. He told us he wouldn't seat us until 1:45, and was extremely rude. Not a great start. 
He directed us to the bar to wait. When we went to an open table, another employee told us that we couldn't sit there. Again, this employee was rude as well. 
Well, for what Brennan's lack in service and overall friendliness, they made up for with their food. It was incredible. I enjoyed the baked apple and eggs Benedict. They were incredible. 
I was really looking forward to the bananas foster. It was made table side, which sounded really cool. Though, when it was served, I was expecting the banana to be incredibly hot. However, the banana didn't even melt the ice cream. Bummer. 
I would come again, for the food for sure. I would skip the bananas foster and cross my fingers for better service.We ate for two hours! Everything we ordered was amazing! We started with the Caribbean milk punch, wow! I added it to my coffee, which was dark, rich and very flavorful. Started with grapefruit brûlée, then the baked apple & Eggs Sardou. Amazing! You can't leave without trying the bananas foster!!! Loved every bite of everyone else's entrée as well.I just had the worst dining experience of my life. Service was horrible, food was not good, wait staff dropped a steak on my mother lap. The manager did come over and offer to pay for dry cleaning.... The bread pudding was mostly pudding, that tasted like pudding you would get from a kids pudding pack. I have been coming here for years, this is the last time I will eat there. Horrible food, horrible service, and a huge bill.The decor was amazing.  The rooms each had a name and theme. We dined I. The havana room. The wallpaper and fixtures were pineapple themed.
Although to room was dimly lit, it was comfortable and one could see the food and those are their table for great vonversation.
The staff was very attentive and communicated well. They were also very respectful in the way they addressed all those attending
The fish (I don't recall the type) was delicious and served on a butternut squash and sweet potato hash! There was also a light crazy sauce that enhances the flavor. These choices were based upon a preset menu. A chicken choice was served as well.
I am not sure what the menu is for smaller parties but I'm sure it's delicious and I look forward to returning one day.Service was good! Food was average. Good show for dessert banana foster. Place was nicely decorated.The man at the front desk was not polite about the dress code, very unpleasant experience. Will not be coming to this restaurant ever againA classic.....been coming to Brennan's for three decades now.  Excellent food and excellent service.   We did sharing plates....French toast and baked apples and then various main courses and split a bananas Foster at the end.   Soooooo delish!!!!If I could rate lower than 1 I would. The service was deplorable. The food was in so small portions and was luke warm. We told our server that we were celebrating my Son's birthday and they did nothing to acknowledge it. I was truly disappointed. I would like to talk to the Manager about my experience.Portions very small. Chicken is about the size of a normal chicken wing.    Risotto is about 1/4 cup.  Don't waste your moneyStopped here for a late lunch before our flight home and we were so glad we did! We were worried about getting a table butt there were plenty available in their beautiful dining room. I had the Brandy Milk Punch (sooo good!), the Huckleberry Blintz, and of course you must try the Bananas Foster if you come here! It is to die for!! My parents also got Irish Coffee which was also good. Wait staff was very professional, attentive, and nice. If I ever get back to Nola, I will definitely come here again!Anyone that loves food, NEEDS to come here. 100% without a doubt the highlight of my eating experience while in New Orleans this weekend. 
I pray you get the opportunity to have Randy assist with your eating experience. He made the brunch forever memorable.  I'll let the other reviews sell you on the items, but the eggs Benedict, with their homemade English muffins, and a hollandaise I will never ever forget, stole my heart. 
The raspberry crêpe I ate, was my favorite thing I consumed in New Orleans from Thursday to Sunday. And of course, you won't go wrong with Bananas Foster. 
Please go here, won't regret!This new Orleans classic lived up to its reputation. I want sure when i made the reservation. We came here for lunch-mostly because they invented bananas foster, which of course we ordered!  It was creamy, buttery & downright divine!  We ordered salads which were fresh & simple. The service was perfect & we were treated like it was a holiday. I'll go back anytime. With every penny!The best meal I've had in a very very long time. The lobster appetizer was phenomenal, but the shrimp and grits entree was mind blowing. I am definitely going back the next time I'm in New Orleans!Brennan's is a must in Nola it really is incredible. You of course have to get the bananas foster as it was started here! We came here on New Years and sat at the bar. It was actually pretty amazing even at the bar - we ordered the cheese grits and yolk, bacon onion sliders, and of course the bananas foster. The server who was making the bananas foster was so nice and even told us some cool history! 5 stars can't wait to go back.Fabulous breakfast. After our first day we returned three more times. They consistently provided a fine dining experience! Service was impeccable. A truly GREAT Latin Quarter treasure!Had a wonderful breakfast. Things on the menu you just can't get anywhere else. Wonderful food and great service. I recommend the Venison, eggs and grits.Stopped in for the famous Bananas Foster. Worth every penny $20/2 people. Enjoyed the dessert with Costa Rican coffee French pressed at the table. 
The service was excellent as befits a white table cloth establishment. 
Check out the dining room with the hand painted Marti Gras murals on the way to the ladies room. By the way, the ladies room features hand painted wall paper, small tile inlaid marble, and brass hardware - beautiful! For those sensitive to fragrance, the hand soap is a heavily scented lavender. 
Will come back for dinner the next time we are in NOLA.What an insulting experience. 
OpenTable showed Brennan's with lots of space for lunch but when we arrived we were told there would be a 30 minute wait, despite our seeing about 10 empty tables.  We waited a full 30 at the bar--which had no seats and no table service--but we still weren't seated despite the empty tables.  
We had had enough.  When we walked out--and cancelled a large dinner party for a subsequent night--we were given a completely indifferent attitude, like "Whatever."  
Not the hospitality we expected from the Brennan family.
Never again.This place is amazing - the place is historic, well maintained and beautiful from the inside.  We had brunch in the courtyard, which is to die for.  The food was average and not worth the premium, but the service / place were excellent to be fair.Oh my gosh!  I've been to NOLA several times but never had the pleasure of dining at Brennan's.  Well I got my chance tonight.  The food, ambience and wait staff were all exemplary.  We had one gumbo and one turtle soup, both delicious.  My husband and I each had the pompano with marcona almonds and a perfect buttery, lemony cream sauce.  We broke from tradition and skipped the bananas Foster and took the advice of our server and had the bread pudding.  It was an amazing combination of bread pudding and cream brûlée, sheer perfection.  I have to mention our servers, Stephen and Charley.  They were not only attentive but helpful in making suggestions and extremely personable.  Our experience at Brennan's could not have been any better. And we made dining suggestions to Stephen for his next visit to Chicago.Great place....we had a walk in party of 8 and they were happy to accommodate. We ordered everything from the gumbo, shrimp and grits (non traditional), duck, lamb, and Pompano fish special. Everyone loved their meal. We had dinner at Antoine's the night before and I can say I definitely prefer Brennan's.Delicious Creole food and old southern cocktails. The chargrilled oysters are perfectly seasoned & the turtle soup is divine as always. I recommend the Sazerac if you enjoy cognac & absinthe cocktails. Very charming place, not to mention the decor is superb.Hands down, this was my favorite place in New Orleans. Delightful and superb. My hubby and I had such a wonderful experience here, and would absolutely return the next time we are in town. I would def recommend the egg yolk carpaccio.I don't spend $90 per person for dinner all that often, but when I do, I expect a 5* experience, however this was not to be.
Brennan's has a menu with a rather limited number of items.  Given that fact, there is no excuse for being out of two of the menu items.  We were there on a weekday night, sat down at about 6:30 and got to order at about 7:00 pm.  A fraction of a star is subtracted for not being able to order the entrée I had my heart set on.
All of the food tasted great and the wine recommended by the sommelier was really good.  No stars deducted here.
My second choice for entrée was lamb chops.  I accept that in some restaurants, It is fashionable to serve rather small portions.  Although I wanted a bigger portion, I came here knowing the portion size, so no points off for only getting two very small lollypop chops.  They were cooked exactly as requested and tasted great.
As the server was placing my plate in front of me, one of the chops fell off the other chop.  This clearly ended up in a presentation that was not what the chef had intended.  The server paused for a few seconds and then asked if I wanted her to return the plate to the kitchen for replating.  In that I did not want my meat to get cold and taste is far more important to me than appearance, I declined her offer and did not deduct any stars for this error.
However, one of the two chops consisted of more than a third fat.  One star off for serving fat instead of meat.  I cut off the fat and left it on the plate as I ate the rest of my meal.  This issue was worth a complaint, but I was with 7 other people and didn't want to intrude on their enjoyment of the evening, by making a public issue.
I waited until our waiter (Shawn) came to pick up my plate (with the fat), and quietly asked him to tell the chef that I was disappointed with the amount of fat on the chop.  Shawn indicated that he would do so.
I was expecting that either the manager or the chef would come by the table to apologize for the problem.  However, there was no further mention of the fat.  I had to conclude that either:
1.  Shawn never told anyone about my complaint, which would mean that he should not be working in a restaurant of this level, or
2.  The management doesn't take customer's concerns seriously.
In either case, one star off for a lack of proper response.
Given my experience, it is unlikely I would choose to eat at Brennan's again.  When your prices are that high, you need to insure the food and service match.New Year's Day brunch
We arrived for our reservation early and enjoyed a few cocktails at the bar. Our bartender entertained us With his knowledge of the Brennan's brand.
Once seated, we admired the large collection of oyster plates decorating the walls. The interiors are truly stunning.
Victoria and Roy worked together to give us a stellar dining experience. 
I will dream about the roasted oysters with the manchego crust until my next New Orleans visit.
We also enjoyed the seafood gumbo and the turtle soup.
We tasted all the cocktails. The consensus was the Caribbean milk punch tasted like an adult milkshake. The seasonal pear champagne cocktail was a group favorite.
The shrimp Creole salad tasted decadent but healthy.
My friends ordered the rabbit, and they raved about it.
Of course, we had to order the bananas Foster, and while I do not personally like bananas, it was delicious!
Brennan's exceeded our expectations and we will definitely revisit.Best known as the pioneer of the bananas foster, Brennan's turned out to be so much more! My friends and I stayed here for nearly 2 hours, from 4:30pm to 6:30pm, since we wanted to watch the champagne sabering at the courtyard (5:00pm) and order some appetizers from their dinner menu (6:00pm). Our server, Randy, was attentive and amiable all throughout. As an aside, we randomly bumped into him the following day on Canal St. and even took a selfie together! Great guy.
I love how Brennan's is designed. The restaurant is comprised of multiple dining rooms, each one giving off its own unique vibe. For happy hour, we stayed at the outdoor courtyard with a charming turtle pond. When dinner time came around, we moved to the The Roost, which is an aviary-themed bar complete with birdcage lanterns and ostrich barstools.
BUBBLES AT BRENNAN'S
// Perrier Jouet Grand Brut ($45, originally $95) - 4 stars
Percentage-wise, the most heavily discounted champagne bottle on the happy hour menu.
// Crab Boil-Spiced French Fries ($6) - 2 stars
The fries were too salty and I didn't think the egg yolk was a fitting dip. I couldn't taste much crab from the Cajun seasoning either, but it had a good level of spiciness.
APPETIZERS
// Louisiana Seafood Filé Gumbo ($10) - 4 stars
Crab, shrimp, oysters, and andouille sausage. One of the better gumbos we had throughout the trip.
// Roasted Oysters ($15) - 4 stars
Came with a hard and crunchy Manchego crust, which added to the texture of the oyster.
// New Orleans BBQ Lobster ($19) - 5 stars
Although it was quite small, this was my favorite appetizer. I'm not sure what's in the broth, but it went really well with the lobster.
DESSERTS
// Bananas Foster ($10 per person, min 2 orders) - 5 stars
Prepared from scratch right in front of the table, this dessert is a must-have when dining at Brennan's. Cover your eyebrows when the rum is poured!Brennan's Is a gem.  The decor is lovely, exudes tradition and charm and sets the stage for a lovely dining experience.  
The staff is attentive, friendly and professional, again creating an appealing atmosphere. The food does not disappoint.  There is a variety of delicious options for brunch.  Save room for the dessert! Brennan's is the home of the original Bananas Foster, one of my favorites. It is expertly prepared tables idea, while the server tells the history of its creation.  Celebrating their 70th anniversary, there longevity is understandable as they continue to deliver the complete package. Brunch here is definitely a treat and a trip highlight.This review is only for the bananas foster and pineapple financier. Since we weren't eating dinner at Brennan's, we sat in the lounge area and had drinks and dessert. The bananas foster was everything that people rave about. My husband practically licked the bowl. The pineapple financier wasn't very memorable.Fantastic Food!  A bit pricey, but if you're in NOLA for a good time and good food, you have to come here!
The Bananas Foster is delicious!! This is where the bananas foster originated, so you have to come here for that! The french press coffee was on point. The food was great as well. 
The murals were gorgeous. The garden outside is so pretty as well! 
If I visit NOLA again, I will definitely stop here!Stopped in for a late evening dessert....bananas foster of course! My wife had been here about 15 years ago and we wanted to share the experience with our daughters. It was just as delightful as the first time...maybe even more so because our girls were with us! 
Just like the first time, the ambiance was impeccable, the service was great and the bananas foster was awesome! Even if you just stop by for dessert, this is a must for every trip to NOLA!A little pricey but the history, quality and service are worth it. The turtle soup is the best I've ever had anywhere. The lobster tail was perfectly cooked and flavorful. The experience of bananas foster in their  house of origin is priceless. The butter sizzling, the brown sugar bubbling, the flash of light and heat as the rum burns off. It's an experience.Excellent is the Word. Amazing food !!! Service impeccable and ambiance to die for it  this is a must stop restaurant  we enjoy our brunch time!!! Crab meat omelette was superbWhat's there to say about this place that hasn't been said already? Just go eat there already!  Best breakfast in town, fantastic staff and delicious drinks. You can't go wrong with Brennan's i will definitely visit this place every time i'm in town.SENSATIONAL Sardou!!!! Special shoutout to bartender Holli Brehm who suggested this incredible dish :) When in the French Quarter this historic restaurant is a must'do!!! An ad @ MSY airport prompted me 2 seek them out. Their slogan a simple invite,  "Breakfast at Brennan's." What I found was a TREASURE here in the French Quarter which was a true BLESSING after coming off of a red-eye flt.  The menu is full of rich french flavors.  I was leaning towards the Escargot Omelette but the 3-course Brennan's Breakfast was such a great deal,  I just had to order it. As Holli delectably described a Sardou was like a vegetarian Eggs Benedict only BETTER! A poached egg is beautifully perched atop a panko fried artichoke heart, all placed perfectly on top of a bed of wilted spinich then finished with drizzles of a hollandaise/romulade sauce. ... TO DIE FOR!!! Thank you again Holli for leading me down the right garden path. What an AWESOME way to start my New Orleans ADVENTURE!!! Will definitely be back for the table side Banana's Foster...Merci beaucoup :)Stopped by for cocktails one lazy afternoon.  The Brandy Milk Punch is their speciality and it didn't disappoint.  Whatever cocktail you do have, enjoy it in their beautiful courtyard.  There wasn't table service outside, but there was no issue of bringing our cocktails outside.  If you're not a fan of the BMP (it's similar to a White Russian), they also make killer Bloody Mary's.Good meal. Highly priced. Nothing as special as we expected but good nonetheless. We had better food elsewhere at cheaper prices.Was last at Brennan's in 1997, and went again on my recent trip to New Orleans in late-February....so glad that I did!  My brother and I decided to go again for breakfast as we did 20 years ago.  Everything was excellent, and the service was impeccable!  Brennan's has an army of servers to wait the tables, so you are never in want of anything.  I started out with a Ramos Gin Fizz, which is very light and refreshing with a slight lemon flavor.  The waiter brought us each a sample of Asparagus Soup to try, which I followed with an order of Turtle Soup....the best Turtle soup I had while in New Orleans!  For my main meal I had the Eggs Hussarde, which was very good.  Brennan's is definitely a must-do for breakfast when visiting New Orleans!Oh. My. Goodness.
This place was FABULOUS. We visited this place in mid July for my boyfriends birthday. The service here was impeccable and the food was out of the ordinary. My boyfriend got the truffled eggs, which they cook right in front of you. I got the soft shell eggs benedict which was just scrumptious. We also had the watermelon champagne which tasted awesome and went perfect as a light brunch beverage. 
The staff  is really knowledgeable and they shared some awesome tips about places to visit in New Orleans, being that it was our first time there. We left them almost a 40% tip because they were just that deserving. 
This is a nice place and you should come dressed well. The place already has a line in front before opening, so it's better to make reservations the day before if you're coming for breakfast. I wish we had a place as nice as this closer to home!The food here was great, the service was hit or miss. It made for a mixed experience.
We arrived on time for our reservation and dressed to the nines (relative to the casual attire that seems to be the norm in New Orleans anyway). They sat us next to the restrooms and proceeded to let us hang out there for a couple minutes before dropping off a wine list and mentioning a cocktail list was coming. After another 5 minutes our waiter came back, asked us if we had the list yet...which we obviously didn't because there wasn't anything on the table.
I asked in an over the top, friendly way if it was at all possible to move to another table  (the dining room was half full). The service just got worse from there. I actually laughed out loud at one point because I thought he was coming to take our order and he was just on his way to set the table next to us. 
Assuming I was just some jerk tourist I suppose, the waiter took an excruciatingly long time to make the rest of the meal happen. I thought we were going to be the last people in there. 
The sommelier was top notch. The other servers assisting our waiter were attentive. Though they all seemed to be making fun of the only guy in there who seemed to have any pride in his job....which didn't take a lot of guesswork on my part since we were sitting next to the wait  station. 
My cocktail was great by most standards, slightly off by mixologist standards. My date's cocktail was awesome! (The waiter never asked why I didn't take more than 2 sips of my cocktail it was just left on the table until the table was cleared for dessert) The appetizers were excellent. Cooked to perfection. A delightful blend of local cuisine prepared in a french style. The entrees were also incredible. Mine clearly waited on my date's as it was only a bit above room temperature but hey, it happens.  It still tasted great though. 
The bananas foster was prepared by the waiter, at which point he started chatting with us and realized we love eating out, we've been to the other restaurants he has worked at in Vegas and NYC and suddenly he was a completely different person. All smiles and here's my card blah blah blah....
I'd probably come back here again for the food, but it was really a waste of what could have been an excellent experience."Have breakfast at Brennan's."  That was the mantra I heard before coming to NOLA. On this rainy day, we were warmly greeted by the maitre de and seated inside near the large glass wall that looks into a very southern style courtyard.  Still the inside decor is wonderful - kind of a Tennessee Williams version of NYCs Tavern on the Green.  Ok the food!   We split the preset breakfasts: The New Orleans and Brennan's.  The baked apple tasted like a banana foster that is a pinch healthier. The shrimp gumbo was very tasty.  The unique lower carb version of eggs Benedict was amazing-fried artichoke instead of English muffin-served over spinach.  I don't eat veal but I did since I'm here ... And it melted in my mouth.  Finished with creme brûlée and a very interesting bread pudding custard with a whiskey topping.  Delicious.  Amazing service and meal.Since I live in San Diego, I couldn't wait to taste the fine Cuisine of Brennan's restraint.  I booked my reservation and drove 93 miles to finally taste the originator of the banana foster.  The decor was simple but impressive.   I can't say why the waiter treated the patron sitting next to me differently than myself but one can assume.  I wasn't offered distilled water and my order came out last despite other patrons who were seated before me.   I had a female waitress Kendall that didn't pay much attention to me and brought out a rare filet minion when I ordered medium well.  The steak was really tasty so I didn't bother sending it back.  There was one great part.  The waiter Thomas was amazing and attentive.  He is very charming!!  Please keep this guy.  He's the only reason my trek was smoothed over!  Not to mention the Banana Foster he made. Simply amazing!Everything was amazing. We had a reservation but still waited about 10 minutes. We were seated next to the window in the atrium which was delightful - until a wedding party showed up in the atrum and the ambiance was destroyed because the music was so loud. The daily fish was pompano - and it was heavenly! My husband had file gumbo and Filet of Beef Stanley - both exceeded expectations. But the piece de resistance was the Bananas Foster, prepared table side. Brennans is not to be missed!Amazing food!! Had the turtle soup and it was delicious  also the poached eggs were done to perfection! The service was great.Brennan's is iconic - it's a real NOLA/southern dining experience. They formally address every patron, color coordinate napkins according to the color of a woman's dress, and provides a real fine dining experience. For that alone, I suggest you come here and have yourself this experience.
The food on the other hand, was rather, meh.
I ordered the 2 course breakfast ($28):
turtle soup: this was unlike anything I have ever eaten. It's made of turtle, brown butter spinach, grated egg, and aged sherry. The soup was thick, and it tasted really gamey. I appreciated the experience of having turtle soup, but I didn't necessarily enjoy the flavors. One time is enough for me.
eggs sardou: crispy artichoke, creamed spinach, + choron sauce. So, this was less than appetizing. The textures were all off because it felt slimy. The eggs sit on top of the cream spinach. The flavors were a little off and didn't sit well together. I disliked my dish. I didn't think it tasted good at all.
My sister ordered their famous eggs hussarde ($20). It's their house version of eggs benedict. Coffee cured Canadian bacon with marchand de vin sauce, sits on top of housemade English muffins, and topped with hollandaise sauce. It was good, but not great, and not memorable. 
They're really famous for their bananas fosters dessert, but we weren't feeling it for breakfast. The patio area looks really nice as well. I think if you're looking for one of those big, formal Southern brunches, do some research, but Brennan's is a good option based on longevity and charm.Best place I ate at in NOLA. A baked apple got my fiancé and I real primed for our entrees. I got the Eggs Cardinal and my life has been changed. I can't exactly tell you what shrimp boudin or lobster cardinal are. But I know those when entered into a ménage a trois with truffle hollandaise sauce, it is INSANE. Also, you only need to order one biscuit for two people. They are huge in size and flavor. Final cool thing, I ordered coffee and they brought me my own French press of java .Food was fine, however service was super slow. We asked for a drink three times and it literally came 20 minute later. Check was wrong and we asked them to fix. It took another 25 minutes to get a new check with no apology. I talked with manager who could care less. Very unimpressed.Took my wife here for her birthday. Food was great, restaurant was busy. Had a great time, they made her day.So much to say! The food was fantastic. I went a little out of my comfort zone and got the pork tenderloin. So delicious and unexpected. The BF had redfish which was a-mazing! The butter/almond/haricot vert combo was so good. The bread pudding is a must! It's prepared table side and is quite a show. 
The service was phenomenal. Max served us with the help of 2 other gentlemen. They were so friendly and welcoming. We grabbed drinks at the bar before dinner and the service throughout was great! 
The place is SO beautiful. Every last room is decorated floor to ceiling. The most beautiful bathrooms I've ever seen. It's a New Orleans must!newly renovated and absolutely gorgeous inside. We had one of the best meals we have had so grain NOLA. The staff was extremely attentive and delightful to talk to. Even the manager stopped by to chat with us, and I was nosy and wanted to look at some of the other cool rooms they have, and one of the waitresses let me go check them out. You feel like scarlet O'Hara walking down the staircase from their bathrooms. We recommend the "temperance tea" made with blueberry tea and some kind of fancy simple syrup that was awesome. I also loved the Hibiscus Pimms cup. The appetizer special was hand rolled pasta with Sautéed craw fish and a hint of truffle oil. Usually truffle oil is too overpowering for me, but this dish was very balanced and delicate. This is the home of bananas foster. So you can't leave Brennan's without trying the table side made desert! Our waitress was very fun, and always attentive. The specialty drinks are about $10 and the dishes range from 20-30.I never write yelp reviews but this was so amazing I had to! Amazing food and service, especially if you tell them its your bday! Every person will wish you and give you extra care. The food is cooked and flavored perfectly. The staff, amazing! Highly recommend!I came here for breakfast before my flight back home to California. It's my meal at Brennan's that makes me miss New Orleans every single day. The people and the food at Brennan's make the entire experience unforgettable. Everything was top notch and I'll always remember this place and this trip forever in my heart. Thank you, Brennan's!This may be the worst experience I've ever had. Went in for a "world famous" bananas foster. Sat at the bar and only wanted dessert, after we asked for 2 bananas fosters and waited 5-10 minutes our bartender proceeded to mutter under her breath to the other bartender "I'm not putting in their dessert order until they decide on something else they'd like as well." I do not recommend this restaurant if you're looking for great service or even good service. It just feels like you don't matter.First visit to NOLA and the food was all around excellent...but this brunch was superior.  
The coffee was perfect.  French pressed, dark, with chicory.  
The baked apple was delicious.  Sweet but just light enough, with a hint of cinnamon and brown sugar.   Must try.  
The staple entree item, with bacon and hollandaise.  The marchand de vin sauce was a smoky robust flavor.  
We had the Bananas Foster which was fun to watch being prepared tableside, but tasted a bit average, IMO.  
The decor and ambiance is sunny and bright and the service was impeccable.  There is a nice green patio too.  
Overall a really nice brunch experience from start to finish.Beautiful restaurant with lovely courtyard away from bustle of French Quarter. Gumbo is 7/10. Seafood perfect temperature. That's all I had. 
Cocktail Grassy Knoll is lovely - lemon grass vodka. Tasty though I'd prefer on the rocks.Let me begin saying that this is my first review ever!  I have a yelp account for a couple of years now but this experience led me to writing this review bc I really felt discriminated. 
Made reservations prior to coming and when we got to the restaurant this fat guy opened the door and asked us "how may we help you?" As if we didn't belong in this restaurant. I told the him we made reservations. He then asked us if we preferred inside or outside patio and I said outside. We waited for him for a couple of mins to sit  us and with a menu on his hand he told us rudely that he cannot sit us due to the fact that I was wearing cut out shorts. Seriously?! He led us on thinking that we was going to get seated. He wasted our time when he could of told us right away when we walked in. The fact that he made us wait and made us think that we was getting seated basically wasted our time. The reception on the phone could of told us that was a dress code. Having been to many upscale restaurants, this was the first restaurant we been turn away. Definitely felt discriminated bc of the color of our skin. The fat guy looked at my boyfriend and I as if we didn't belong in this restaurant. Never again. I love other restaurants in NOLA that were not upscale as this showed more respect and love to their customers. I recommend spending my money on well deserved restaurants beside this mediocre workers from this restaurant. I honestly feel like they should not treat guest like this based on the color of your skin and the clothes you are wearing. At the end of the day we are paying for it and we should decide what we want to wear. Btw, I only came here to try the banana foster. Screw this place, I recommend trying another restaurant that serve this dessert instead.
PS: I honestly felt like I was in a movie being turned away from an upscale restaurant bc of the color of my skin.Spent Memorial Day weekend in NOLA. This is always one of our brunch spots to visit. This was first time back since the $23m renovation that lasted 18months and the revamping of the menu by Chef Slade Rushing. Oh, the place is stunning, and the food is refreshingly wonderful with a few of the old Brennan's originals sprinkled in... We had every intention of exploring new spots to dine n this trip, but the newness of this old place made us eat here two days in a row to try new dishes on the new menu! None of which disappointed... The only reason we did not return a third and final day was the place was booked for the entire day on the day of our departure... We were almost tempted to go in and sit at the bar and order gumbo and turtle soup! John, our waiter was outstanding... The wait staff seems to have turned over well too... Most all are fresh faces, and they all seem to be pros. However, John is the best we've had there in many, many years!