Amazing food! My friend and I shared the Verdi salad and shrimp sandwich. Get the truffle fries! Hostess was very helpful and had great suggestions. Waitress was a little slow in getting our order and the place wasn't really that busy.Do not go here unless you have 6 hours for your meal.  This place is so bad at service I literally thought I was getting punked.  Went there with 14 people they forgot my order pretty much never checked on our table.  We complained to management and they ultimately took 20% off our bill and gave us $5 dollar gift cards.  The best part was they were expired.  I ultimately had smoothie king for breakfast and they were GREAT!  I tried to give them my gift card and thy said they would never go there for food.  AWFUL!We returned after meeting a pleasant young woman on the street. Yelling at us across the street "free mimosas." It will get me every time. Sat at the bar. Again. Hoping to get drinks faster, there's a new GM. Chrissi and the other bartender greeted us immediately. Food still took 30 minutes but the pleasantries out weighed the wait. Hot, fresh food will make us happy every time. We noticed some other folks dissatisfaction - waiting when there's tables available, too long to take checks, etc etc etc. However our experience was absolutely wonderful! Will definitely come back to see Chrissi!
Giving back to local businesses is important. Except in this case. We live a few blocks away and have been a few times. Each time: poor/slow service, mediocre food. But today was astronomically poor. We walked in at 11:30am. With the slow service we've had in the past, thought let's sit at the bar. We sat. The chick making drinks acknowledged us and said she'd be right with us. 10 minutes later we finally got the attention of the other bartender. Brought us water and menus. Didn't speak. 10 minutes later we got his attention again, asked "can we get a Bloody Mary or mimosa or something with alcohol?" He brings the Bloody Mary menu and pencils - again doesn't speak. The couple beside us got drinks then tried to order food-after a long period of time. However the bartender couldn't remember their order to put in so they said F it and left. Another table came up because they just wanted to pay their check and waiter had disappeared. So we just left. I wanted to actually eat within the next few hours. We walked down the street to another establishment & got served right away along with a server who actually speaks. Don't waste your time on B&S.I spend a lot of time eating in our fine city and I understand the struggles of opening a new restaurant here in New Orleans.
That said...I was actually mad that we had to pay for the "meal" that we had. The only redeeming factor was a sweet, totally apologetic and clearly flustered waiter.
We arrived and the layout is so counterintuitive (hostess station isn't clearly visible no signage ) that you aren't sure where you are supposed to go. After being ignored by the hostess and finally acknowledged by the sweet waiter we sat down. Sunday morning and we all, like adults are custom to do order cold brew. Nope. No cold brew at 9am on a Sunday? Keep in mind they have a whole section of their menu devoted to cold brew. 
So we wait and wait and 45 minutes later the weirdest six plates of food I've ever seen show up. Three adults and two kids and this is the rundown. My son gets a pancake that is the biggest thing I've ever seen that upon further inspection is RAW (sent it back). My Garden Benedict's eggs were overcooked and the veggies spanned between raw and so overcooked they were mushy. Did I mention it was served on the tiniest English muffin I've ever seen and a fruit side that was MAYBE two teaspoons. My friends seafood salad clearly had canned shrimp and the salad was not just wilted but a few pieces were slimy, the omelette my other friend had was so overcooked it was actually brown on the outside and again raw veggies. 
We prayed the beignets would save them but I could have knocked someone out had I chosen to toss one across the table and to make it worse they had a berry one that was so syrupy and wet it just turned the rock hard beignet into a limp mess.
The grand total for brunch was well over a hundred dollars and at that price point you CANT be serving this mess. Go to Atchafalaya or Patois...I guarantee you will have a much better meal.
If this place stays open for six months I'll be stunned.I highly recommend this place. It's clean, trendy and staff are super nice. We had an order of beignets and they were delicious. The owner gave us a couple of their specialty sauces to go with the beignets and they were super good.WORST. meal I ate in New Orleans, without a doubt. 
They get one thing right, free beignets and coffee while you wait only this is negated by the irrational seating process. I watched multiple huge parties come in after me and be seated immediately, meanwhile myself and other parties of two just sat waiting - forever. Let's get back to the free beignets, they aren't even good you've just been waiting for so damn long they'll do the trick. 
I ordered shrimp and grits which were bland, a slap in the face to New Orleans. There was nothing enticing about this dish whatsoever. Service is slow and complacent. 
I beg of you, don't waste a precious meal in New Orleans on this place.Just had breakfast here and it was amazing! Everything we ordered was perfect. I don't understand why this place doesn't have more stars. We ordered the breakfast taco and truckers breakfast and it was great. Some of the best coffee and pancake I've ever had also. Definitely try it.Stumbled upon here on St. Patrick's day. Extremely cute ambience and amazing bartender Dusty. Definitely stop by!My daughter and I have made two visits to this location for weekend breakfast/brunch.  The space had been under construction for what felt like forever, so we were excited to finally see it open. (We live in the neighborhood). 
Our first visit left us with a mixed review:
The food was fairly good. The beignets were not just the ordinary and my daughter liked the berry sauce. I had an omelet, which was a little under seasoned, but cooked properly. (I would prefer under seasoned vs over seasoned). 
The service was friendly. There were some sizable waits for refills of coffee, juice, etc.  However, our section (outside) quickly filled up after we sat down. The server was understandably busy and kept a good, friendly attitude. 
Overall it wasn't a great meal, but we felt it was worth another visit. 
Our second visit today was a failure!  We arrived at about 12:30 and the inside was fairly busy with many tables sat. What was more noticeable was that every other table in the restaurant was still dirty. Outside there was only one table of guests, with the other tables cleared. I asked the hostess how long of a wait there was for a table outside; to which she answered, "Nobody wants to serve those tables".  I sort of just paused for a moment to see if there would be any further explanation, but she just stared. Is was quite surprised with the blunt tone, but tried again and asked how about inside; "it's going to be awhile". That was it. 
We tried. I do not see any reason to return.First we ordered coffee. It was cold. We asked for more coffee. It was cold again, so we gave up on that hoping breakfast would be better. We were soooo wrong. The eggs were overcooked and the whole meal was COLD, once again. In addition, it was incredibly expensive for a horrible meal. 
There are too many delicious breakfast places in this city for this one to compete like this.I found this place through a Nola.com write up.  I had to come here. A Cajun country Lafayettsed restaurant was headed to the Big Easy.   Not a faux Cajun restaurant trying to bank on the tourists or unknowns but a restaurant with real Cajun roots. Lafayette is where they say true Cajun food is!!!  
Atmosphere: Yes this place is hip, beautiful, airy, CLEAN (I am a germaphobe/mysophobe), fresh, spacious, comfortable, inviting with an amazing menu.
Amazing menu: 
What really got my attention was the Deviled on the Bayou and the Build Your Own Bloody Marys.
Build Your Own Bloody Marys: just imagine giant Bloody Marys where you get to pick your toppings (there must be at least 50 toppings) by checking off a sheet like in a sushi restaurant, so cool!   My little sister loves, loves this!!  Imagine a beautiful shrimp, a smoked sausage or two, cheeses, even a deviled egg!! Basically a breakfast and healthy one at that: all those veggies and protein!  ;)I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars mainly on the pics that I've seen on here. When I received my food I wanted my food to look exactly like the portions I saw, but got half the portion for a expensive price. Please do better!!! There are a variety of restaurants which I will not name but give you more for your money when it comes to breakfast/brunchFirst time eating at Brick and Spoon!! I love it!! Great music, great servers, and great food! I had the truckers breakfast and everything was cooked to perfection! It was a huge portion of food for the price... being a New Orleans local I will definitely be back!!I was really excited to finally make it here. 
We walked right on in no line. We beat the early bird breakfast/brunch junkies. We were immediately greeted by someone welcoming us to the side ramp to bring the baby stroller. They were on it!!
All of the 50 million staff members were helpful. My hubby ordered a blood mary for starters. That thing was huge. Looks like it belonged in a garden. 
I saw a friend there and asked her what was good. She wasn't impressed with the tacos. I decided to get the chicken & waffles. Yumm. They were really good with that syrup. 
I said I would give this place another whirl before a review but I felt compelled to tell you it is worth a visit but don't think it is like the best in the city.Very nice ambiance but disappointing food. Came for brunch, eggs Benedict has funky hollandaise sauce. It was too thick and cold. Omelette was runny inside. Beniets were okay, not the best.Bottom line: poor service + below average food =bad value.  There are better places.  In a town that prides themselves on food this place needs to step it up.  Id of rather of gone to ihop.  Or better yet you can go to surreys or next door for nearly the same price and at least get 4 star food.  Place was very slow.  Took 15 min to get my OJ.  The hot food was various levels of hot coming out of the kitchen indicating to me that some of hot food was sitting awhile and some just came up so there is a clear lack of organization there.  Some tables were served faster than our 3 top and they had similar food.I read GG's review and thought, "well they still haven't worked out the kinks." I went to breakfast here on a Sunday morning almost 4 weeks after GG's review and was treated to the same terrible service. The server was apologetic but useless. She clearly forgot to enter our order. Then when it was finally entered, it was obviously not put at the top of the list. During the wait I had to ask twice for more coffee.  We received our food 70 minutes after ordering it, and we were only a table of 3 and the place was not busy at all.  The icing on the cake was the server warning us twice as she served our food to be careful because the food was really hot. Well it wasn't really hot; it was  really COLD. It had obviously been sitting in the back for some time. Unbelievable. We had to hunt down salt and pepper and syrup from adjoining tables. So I figured they have to comp us something right? WRONG. The full bill. This place is going to make Benny Grunch's Aint dere no mo' song really fast.  And the sad thing is that the food wasn't bad at all. But you can't treat your customers this way. I know I'm not going back.Breakfast tacos were good. Cinnamon and Sugar Beignets not so much. Biscuits and gravy/eggs might have been better if warm but they were cold when served. Mimosas were ok. Coffee luke warm.Read some reviews, don't understand what people were complaining about. If you're in a rush don't come here. It's laid back, and they take their time, but it's well worth it. Food was excellent, coffee was good, mimosa was perfect.This is a "regional chain" but a chain nonetheless. The place seems sterile, like it should be hosting a giant boardroom meeting, not getting a brunch with a hangover. I needed coffee and a large amount of water. I ordered but my friends Bloody Marys came ahead of the coffee. But when it came it was the most watered down coffee ever and came with those weird cream container deals.
I got the "banana jackets" which was bananas in egg rolls for $10 but there was some sort of green substance on my plate when I lifted up one of the egg rolls. Delicious they were however, that gets you an extra star. Somebody at my table got these absurd "breakfast tacos" for $12 which had lettuce and a wacky fried shell in some sort of accordion shape.
Slow service. Couldn't get my hideous water coffee refilled. Bloody Marys were fine.Arrived with a group on a Sunday.  Waited a total of 2 hours for our meals.  French toast Brioche (rock hard); Beignets (gross); Omelette with shrimp, sausage & tasso sauce (not a single piece of shrimp).  One person waited an extra half hour (a burger) which they still got wrong. No manager on site to complain.  Had a diabetic friend who needed to eat promptly, otherwise we would have left after first hour.  Group after group, walked in, and left after waiting fifteen minutes for someone to pay attention to them.  Overpriced and just all around awful. DO NOT GO HERE.  DO NOT BELIEVE POSITIVE REVIEWS.Let me be honest. The wait time is just down right Ridiculous! This Place is always freaking packed and I know understand why. I just really hated waiting though.  It took maybe 47 minutes Tops for our food to come after we had waited to be seated for like 15 minutes. Good Thing me and my sister loves to talk because once we got to talking we didn't stop. LOL! The food was really good. I had a breakfast platter and my sister had this delicious Taso dish and lobster that was too just die for!  It was just so delicious and o my gosh just finger licking good. The right amount of seasoning and cheese combo ! I also ordered an alcoholic beverage and it was ok! Overall this was pretty good. Just that wait time is so ridiculous and this place is always crowded and parking is kind of whack!I had the best Bloody Mary of my life here! The interior is so light, airy, and gorgeous. Service was prompt, friendly,and very helpful. I had the verde salad, and it was delicious. Their cold brew iced coffee is to die for, and they use their own beans. I will definitely be back to try some of the breakfast items! The cinnamon sugar beignets were unlike any I have ever had in a good way. Shout out to Sarah, Marcus, John, and the chefs for making the experience so enjoyable!This place seems to be struggling. Our service was seriously lacking, and the food was generic and lacked originality and taste. We waited for an hour, only to have people arriving after us being seated. Once we were sat, everything took double the time (ordering drinks, food, Bill, etc). This place had serious potential, but I have a feeling with this level or service and lack of quality in food it may not last.This is the worst meal I've ever had in New Orleans. The food was bland, the ambience was sterile, the entire experience was so disappointing. I wish I could have this hour of my life back.First weekend some kinks need to be ironed out but the food was great the service was great the atmosphere was a little noisy but I totally enjoyed being there!!! Will go againThis place is seriously understaffed. Our waiting time was only 5 minutes. Alex, our server, and the hostess did a good job trying to accommodate us. There is only one bartista/bartender, and she is swamped. Asked for a double espresso with a shot of soy milk. She gave it to me in two cups. Moving on! 
Appetizers took 30 minutes to come out. 
banana foster egg roll - basic
Deviled on the Bayou - fried to perfection. The simple bite hit all my taste buds, but there was only 4 per order which is reasonable. MUST TRY! 
At this point I'm ready to go! Customers who were seated 1 minute before us got their food 
On to the entrées! 
Shrimp and grits - a little on the sweet side. I'll take it to go! 
Oyster bed - fried oysters, bacon, and egg. Nothing special! 
WOO! I'm not going to lie, I can make these dishes but who cooks on a Sunday! 
Alex is the man!We were looking for a new brunch spot after church. I love, love magazine street, and always noticed this new spot, so we decided to give them a try. I like to eat outdoors, unfortunately it was raining, so we were unable to do so, but I wanna go back on a pretty day & enjoy the outside atmosphere. 
For starters, we were told our wait was 30 minutes, it ended up not being that long. There is free coffee & beignets available while you wait. Secondly, our waitress was not that great. She started off being a little condescending, but that's not the way you treat customers new to your establishment who are asking questions about what's on the menu. Eventually, her service was better but not great. Thirdly, i got a poached egg and we shared french toast. The poached was, meh. I've had better, but the french toast was delicious. Overall, it's a bit pricy, but i will go back to try the shrimp & grits.!Great concept and with time it may be fine.  Too early to come, should have known.  Spotty service, confusion.   Had a Gouda grilled cheese with no Gouda all lettuce.   Someone else had the grilled chicken club, chicken was rubber no seasoning.  The Bananas in Pajamas bruschetta wasn't toasted, limp.  My drink, with cranberry contained none. 
Like I said, nice people l, nice place food is not ready. Hopefully they will get it together.  I will come back in a couple of months and give it another shot.  For now, I would head somewhere else. Too many good selections in the same neighborhood.Really disappointing. Meh food, atrocious service.
We went in for brunch on Memorial Day, and they weren't full of bust when we arrived. We were seated quickly, but our waitress took a long time to check in. We ordered drinks, an appetizer, and entrées   for four. Our waitress seemed shaky, flustered, and was more noticeable in her absence than anything else.
My husband was never offered a second mimosa, and the coffee sat empty for at least 10 minutes, including us finally flagging down our server, who told us it was brewing--seriously, this is a brunch restaurant, you cannot run out of coffee--and then brought coffee to several tables before finally coming by to fill ours. Waters sat empty, and then she poured water into my juice, and splashed me with water while finally filling them.
About half an hour after ordering, we asked about our appetizer and were told it was coming with the entrées, which was frustrating. When the food finally came, the appetizer that was delivered was not what I had ordered. My omelette was fine but nothing special, and the grits were not heated through and lacked seasoning. My friend's taco shells were over cooked and the tacos disappointing.
At no point in this disappointing meal, did our waitress check in, explain delays, or apologize, as I would have expected. In a city with so many great restaurants, I would not go back.The place is cute, and since I love breakfast foods I was really excited to go. The breakfast fries were great, but everything else wasn't that impressive. I had a hard time ordering because nothing really appealed to me. Too expensive for what it was. Don't think I'll be rushing to go back.I found out that this place just opened and brunch is one of my favorite meals. 
Atmosphere: a very nice clean looking restaurant. A very wide open floor layout that makes you feel like you're in a place that's fun. The lighting works really well with the natural light from the huge store front windows. 
Service: the service was good. A new place that just opens up is bound to have to some hiccups, but there weren't too many. Staff was very friendly, and two different managers checked on us to ask if everything was okay, which is always nice
Food (the most important part): the food was as good as brunch food should be and could be. I went the lunch route and ordered the Grilled Chicken Club Sandwich. It was fantastic. Gouda cheese is my favorite cheese and having that on there with the aioli made it awesome. Also, I ordered the Smoked Gouda Mac n Cheese. THAT IS A MUST!!!! By far my favorite thing that I ate all day today. It was incredibly good. Lastly, I had half of the Grownup Grilled Cheese. That sandwich honestly was one of the better brunch sandwiches I've tried. Only complaint is that is can do without the lettuce that comes on it, but still is a damn good sandwich.
Drinks: I don't drink Bloody Mary's but literally everyone I was with got one. They were raving at the fact that the Bloody Mary's there were build your own. They give you a checklist with the different types of alcohol that you can put in it, protein, veggies, and seasonings.  
Overall, it was a good experience. If you like brunch places, this is definitely a place you should check out.I can't say anything about the food since I didn't get any. It was a busy Sunday brunch. My wife and I sat outside. After 10 minutes no one had greeted us, although we had been walked by two or three times. I flagged down a server from the other section and let her know. She said someone would be right with us. After 5 more minutes of being ignored I informed the host we were leaving. Abysmal service.Awful! I heard this place just opened in February but by the end of May they should at least have attentive servers. We were seated promptly but our server took about 10 minutes to come by, and then it was downhill from there. We waited for an excessive amount of time for everything! It took about 20 minutes for my friend to even order her drink, and the worst part was, there were only two tables with customers (aside from the bar) and all of the servers were just standing around. 
The table outside was still dirty from the customers who were leaving when we arrived, and we were there for almost two hours. 
I don't get to take vacations often, and I feel like I wasted one of my few vacation meals here. Wish I would've asked for a refund but it probably would've taken another hour anyway.Today was the second time I've eaten here. They were busy but the hostess was kind, which was much appreciated. She seated us outside, and our server showed up promptly to take our drink order.
My boyfriend checked out the menu online before we arrived and had his heart set on the steak and eggs. Unfortunately that item is not on the menu at the restaurant and our waiter acted like he had never heard of it before. Not a big deal, really. Instead, he ordered the biscuits and sausage gravy with a side of bacon. I ordered the American Breakfast.
I'll start by mentioning that last time we came here, my boyfriend had the pancake and that was delicious! If I ever come back for breakfast, I think I'll stick to pancakes because I know that at least those are done well. I don't even remember what I ordered that first time except that it came with grits. And that's when I realized that I don't like their grits (a fact I had forgotten about until I received my meal with grits again this morning). It's not that they don't taste good, it's that they put corn in their grits and that just ruins it for me. And really, they needed to not ruin that today.
There was a very long wait time between ordering our meals and receiving them, such a long time in fact that my exceptionally cheery boyfriend wondered out loud if it was because they were baking the biscuits from scratch (they didn't). My biscuit was underwhelming, the bacon was really greasy, the Canadian bacon was adequate, and my grits had corn. My eggs were so undercooked that the whites around the yolk were still clear. The cold brew coffee was great at least.
My poor boyfriend was presented with a plate of biscuits with a pretty gravy on top, but that pretty gravy was a lie. It tasted like it came from a packaged mix gravy starter. He said that at least his bacon was good (he's such a silver lining kind of guy :D ).
Both of our meals were lukewarm-ish. The plates weren't even warm which means that our food must have sat in the window long enough to cool down that much. I feel like this could simply be due to understaffing, but I think this is off my list for places to eat breakfast.When we walked in we were told there was a 20 minute wait despite the fact that multiple tables were open. The service was EXTREMELY slow, and the waitress did not seem phased by it at all. Several tables which were seated after us finished their food before ours even arrived. When the food did arrive it was mediocre, and both my friend and I felt very sick. My friend threw up before even leaving the restaurant. Definitely will not be coming back.Should have given more weight to the yelpers posts before stopping here.  The $3 mimosas were a draw and we were all hungry and ready to eat before doing some shopping.
We were seated promptly and ignored for 15 mins.  Once someone in our group inquired about getting some service it seemed they sorted out who would help us and things would start to look up.
Service continued to be painfully slow. We saw 1 couple leave after being seated and ignored (wish we had done that).
The food was mediocre at best. The oysters on my salad were bland and cooked to hell.  I asked for dressing on the side and got that, in addition to the salad being dressed.  The 2 others in my party were also underwhelmed.This place is horrible spare yourself the grief.  The coffee is watered down, it doesn't even test like coffee.  I ordered the breakfast tacos no mango salsa. The tacos came and so did the mango salsa.  They took back the tacos to remake them that's when I noticed the black hair in my fries.  They brought out the tacos once again.   The tacos had rotten brown lettuce on them.  The waitress was lost we had to ask for utensils.  So them comes the manager, I tell him what took place and his response was "wow".  This place is a joke from the food to the staff.   McDonald's serves a better breakfast.Came here because they served brunch!  French toast was divine.  Mimosas were awesome. Beignets ok.
We were meeting a walking tour, so this was their meet up location.  Very convenient location with a restroom before the tour.I'm writing this review as I am sitting in the restaurant. Showed up and there was no wait which was good. Then realized why. Took almost 10-15 minutes just to get a menu. Another 20 minutes to get coffee. Ordered food and it's been over 40 minutes. Not to mention we ordered a Bloody Mary and a mimosa and still have not received those. Service is absolutely horrible.
Update. Finally got the drinks. And finally the food. Food is good. Service still sucks. Total time over an hour to get food. Food itself was pretty good.A group of myself and three others decided to attempt to get brunch at this restaurant on a Sunday. There were open tables outside and the open tables inside comprised of at least 1/3 of the entire seating. 
Approaching the hostess stand, we were not greeted but met with a glare. We asked if we could get a table outside, and she said we would have to order at the bar. Then she was kind enough to shoo us away to get us from in front of the host stand. (There was nobody behind us). At the bar, there were no people who were willing to acknowledge us, let alone give us a menu. So I asked the hostess for some menus, which she gave me but not before telling me "I better get those back." 
After looking over the menus for about five minutes, we still had been ignored by the bartender, who was not very busy and had ample opportunity to see that 4 people were staring at her. After getting her attention, we explained to her that we were told to order at the bar to get served for outdoor seating. She replied "I'm the one who would have to serve you and I'm not going to do that." We repeated what we had been told by the hostess, to which she replied "if you want to be seated outside then you'll have to talk to a manager." She had a lot of attitude and was really rude to us. We said yes, we'd love to talk with a manager and she disappeared. The man sitting next to us at the bar then spoke to us about how he had been waiting for over an hour and had not been served yet. 
At this point, we decided that we didn't want to wait and pay to have people be rude to us. We won't be returning to this restaurant.You're a BRICK, SPOON.. You're mighty mighty just letting us all hang out. Now that, that minor lapse of judgment is over I'll carry on... 
I came here for a relaxing Sunday brunch with a group of friends. Good thing we intended to have a relaxing brunch bc getting our food was rather slow. However, our waitress was very attentive and the owner even popped by to ask how everything was. We started with some traditional and cinnamon sugar beignets that were crunchy, light and fluffy all at the same time. The cinnamon beignets came with a delicious apple sauce spread that added the perfect touch. I opted for the American breakfast which was very filling and the portion was rather large. The grits were the star of the show. Super rich and creamy with pieces of corn in the mix. I'd probably go back just for the grits. You could also order a la carte allowing you to order whatever your heart wanted and with Gouda Mac and cheese on the menu you can't go wrong. 
For drinks they offered bottomless mango mimosas for just $3 extra than just getting a single one. If you're in need of a make your own Bloody Mary come here to enjoy. 
Parking was ok, especially since it was a rainy Sunday, but I can imagine street parking would be hard on a normal day (watch for those parking meters).What a huge disappointment!!!
I had been dying to try this place for months because I am a brunch junkie and a sucker for a build your own bloody mary. While I appreciated all of the options, the blood mary itself was bland (HOW when I chose so many options??). Both mine and my friends were missing ingredients that we ordered. They took a very long time to arrive. 
We ordered the bruschetta to start. It was mediocre at best. It arrived without silverware or app plates. I asked for both. The silverware came but no app plates. I asked again. She brought napkins. I said we needed plates. She seemed very confused. They finally came, but after we were already done with our app. I ordered a coffee, it never arrived. I let that slide and ordered a mimosa, which also never arrived. We waited well over an hour from the time we finished our app until our entrees came out. The server said they were just waiting on our crabcakes....but nobody ordered crab cakes. 
Before our food even arrived a bus boy came by and started clearing our table. He asked if we were finished, we told him we hadn't even received our meals yet. He looked at us confused since we had been there for so long.
Our meals finally arrived and the soup that my friend ordered as an app finally came out with the entrees. She said it was so salty she couldn't eat it. My other friend ordered a caesar salad which came out with no dressing on it, so basically just a bowl of wilted lettuce with chicken. The salad had clearly been sitting under the lamps waiting for the hour+ time it took to prepare the rest of our food (omelettes, really?) and no longer looked fresh, even though it was completely dry. 
We could hear through the divider that the table next to us was having similar issues. It was Mother's Day and I could understand these issues arising on one of the busiest restaurant days of the year, except the fact that they weren't busy AT ALL. Most of the restaurant was empty. There is really no excuse.
Finally we got our check which we were in a hurry to pay since we had wasted the entire day there. We were charged for a bunch of items we never received or simply didn't order. This place is doing everything wrong. In a city driven by good food, this place will never last. Food, service, it's all bad. They offered us a $5 coupon to come back....We were a group of three friends so who was going to take the coupon? Nobody did. We left it on the table because $5 wasn't worth ever going back to this place again. 
Despite the many many errors with our food and bill, we never once saw a manager. Good riddance Brick and Spoon. Stop wasting quality space on Magazine Street!!!Had the burger w/smoked Gouda and it was HUGE and so good!  $3 mimosa on Mondays and they were yummy too!!!The one good thing about this place was the chocolate milk and the iced coffee. This was a huge disappointment! Service was non existent! If you have to get up and tell someone you need water and the check you are not doing your job. Also, the food tasted like hotel room service! No taste or flavor at all. So much better places in this city.This new Brick & Spoon is everything! Bloody Mary, cappuccino, Creole omelette, biscuits and gravy, and beignets - Alex made fantastic recommendations. Great place.Our first visit was aborted by a computer malfunction.
We got back this afternoon, for drinks at a sidewalk table on Magazine Street.
Very, very nice, clean-looking new building & furniture.  Spotless restrooms.
The Bartender, "Steve" was great.
Menu looks yummy.  This is a unit of a wonderful outfit out of Lafayette, LA, known for great & innovative menu items.  
We'll be back soon to dine.
Caveats:  Difficult on-street parking in a very crowded area.  No Coors Light.  $3.75+ for domestic beers.
We'll be back, and soon !This place was Whack with a capital W. I'm not one to post reviews online, but my experience here was so egregious it inspired me to do so. Big, beautiful space-- but don't let this fool you. Space cadet servers, horrible food: my grilled cheese came complete with a giant pile of cooked lettuce inside of it that made the whole thing turn floppy . Fries were of the frozen variety, which they try to mask with an inexplicably large amount of pepper. There was no manager to be found when we told them our food sucked, but we did get a voucher for a free order of beignets which we won't be using out of principle. I feel badly about being so negative, but this place is putting itself right in the restaurant limelight on Magazine St and has failed so spectacularly that I don't even think they're trying. Walk across the street to Another Broken Egg.Unfortunately, my experience at Brick & Spoon was not good. I do not like leaving negative reviews of a restaurant because I feel everyone has their weak moments, but I feel this one is necessary. We were excited to learn of B&S (on Yelp) as a possible new go to for brunch in uptown New Orleans. When we arrived at the hostess stand, no one was there to greet us. Red Flag # 1. Again, it happens, so let's give them the benefit of the doubt. When someone finally noticed us and came over, we told them we would like to sit out front. At which time, we proceeded to be seated at a table that had not been bussed and was full of other people's dirty dishes. Red Flag # 2. The hostess said she would send a busser over. We then see a busser come out and clean the table next to us. After finally realizing we were sitting at a table that had not been bussed, we got a half hearted buss job while we sat there awkwardly with our hands in our laps. The table was no cleaner than before, just less plates. Actually, the bread plates were left for us to reuse. Red Flag # 3. After sitting there for about 10 minutes with no server coming to our table, we overheard another server explaining to the table next to us that their waiter walked out on the job. Red Flag # 4. We immediately got up and walked out, instead going to the Sushi place next door.
Look, I get it. We all have bad days. But this experience made the lack of good management quite evident. The menu looks great. I would like to try some of the dishes at some point, but I think I will give this place some time to get its stuff together.We really enjoyed the food. The bayou devil eggs were wonderful then we finished with creole omelet. The service was excellent. Chissy the bartender was wonderful!!!!45 minutes for a table (hostess 'had been trying to find us...') and about an hour to get our food (party of 4). Food was nothing special (I had the adult grilled cheese... Skip it.) Pancakes were tasty. 
There are many other much better places in the area. Overall, not worth the wait/poor service. We had to go find our server to get waters for the table.So I wanted to treat myself to a nice solo brunch after work and walked for a minute till I hit this beautiful store front with an elaborate bloody mary display, I took it as a good omen and said you know why not, live a little try somewhere new instead of walking to slim goodies where I have never been disappointed. Well, I asked the bartender about their benedict expressing to him how hungry and broke I was and he assured me it was delicious and very filling. wrong!!!! The three dollar mimosa was good but for 12 dollars I expect a full plate of food. My benny came out with biscuits smaller then my palm and canadian bacon rounds that were smaller, barely a sprinkle of hollandaise and the most miserable corn grits I have ever seen!! I asked the staff about possibly changing my side but they wanted to up charge me when I was obviously upset about what i received. Long story short, I was hungry as I ate my last bite. Staff is cute and friendly but I felt duped. I think they gave me truffle fries because they were out of biscuits but they werent seasoned at all. Very underwhelming, would not recommend to anybody, i could have made a delicious brunch for three at least for the same price, save your money.Service was great. Waitress very attentive. The mediocrity of the menu dissapointed. I had the creole eggs which were delicious but about the same as you could get at a hole in the wall for a better price. My wife had the french toast sliders which was basiclly sliced french bread with a cream cheese center and covered with sauce. Thick cuts of french bread made the center very dry and nothing like french toast. Not sure how much or if egg wash was used? Sent it back very politely and got instead the bananas foster french toast which also was very dry but at least sort of resembled french toast. If I go back I'd like to try the bloody marys and burgers which looked tasty. Another plus is they give first responder discounts on Fridays which is a huge perk to the community. In summary, the service was awesome but if you want a solid breakfast that won't break your wallet stick to I-hop. If you want to feel a little hip and uppity then go pay 14 bucks for some dry bread with a lil sauce on top.I really want to like this place and will try again although my first two visits were disappointing. Yesterday I went for breakfast and ordered the breakfast fries. Although I didn't see anyone else dining in, the service was lackluster.  I ordered at the counter and said I was dining in but my food was brought to go. I was ok eating from the styrofoam container but had to get my own silverware. I also had to ask to have my empty water glass re-filled. The food was the most tasteless blob I have eaten in a long time. My eyes saw flecks of bacon but my tongue couldn't taste any. The fries were just ok., soggy and limp. The sauce was just a thick white sauce with no flavor. The fried egg was ok.This place looked cool but as we sat down it took a while for the server to bring coffee then it took a while for sugar then it took a while for creamer. At this point we were looking at the over priced menu and decided this wasn't the place for us. So we asked for coffee to go and the server came back with two to go cups that were only a third full I guess she expected us to pour our coffee from the regular cup into the to go cup. Well at least it makes for a good story to tell when we get home from our trip. It was actually quite funny. The only thing I would recommend for this place is to walk right past it and go some where else!!This was the absolute best place for Sunday brunch after a wild night in New Orleans!!!! Huge Yummy Bloody Marys, excellent food, and on point service. The soft shell crab but was amazing!!Two points for trying so hard!!
Free mini mimosa's at the front door. Free beignets and coffee while we were waiting to be seated. 
The staff were friendly and trying to be accommodating. Unfortunately I think they were under staffed (Father's Day; Sunday brunch). 
We should of just had the free drinks & food and left lol. The food was SO average !!!! Average brunch is not going to cut it in Nola. 
I had the farmers market eggs Benedict. The eggs were nicely poached but the hollandaise sauce was rubbish. I ordered avocado on the side and it was no where to be seen! 
My husband ordered the Caribbean scrambler he said it was so so. He hated his coffee and it came in a cup with no handle. He wasn't happy because the outside of the mug was too hot to pick up. 
Way better breakfast places.Being around the corner, we had such high expectations for this place. Since its opening I've gone 3 times, with today being the last... And here's why: Food consistently takes way too long to reach the table after ordering. For the quality of the food, it is WAY overpriced ($12 for a basic egg plate, $3 for cup of coffee, etc). Waiters consistently just forget about you, wether waiting on new silverware, or coffee cream, or water, etc. 
The staff, while friendly enough, is consistently incompetent. If there are good waiters here, I haven't experienced it. My suggestion to management is to force your waiters to write down their orders - something is always forgotten! Better yet, hire a competent staff, instead.
While it has a nice and clean modern interior, the design makes it incredibly loud, maybe this is why servers can't hold a thought in their head for more than a minute? Two of the three times we went resulted in something wrong with our coffee order - basic coffee mind you, nothing fancy... all of that fancy barista equipment behind the bar and no one knows how to use it.
0/10 - would not recommend.Food was spectacular - must get the bananas fosters french toast if you like the 2 dishes separately. Waitress was a little slow - she kept us waiting at least 5 minutes before we were even acknowledged, seemed to take longer than necessary to get our coffee. Once we ordered she was pretty good (a little chatty for my taste that early in the morning, but very friendly and sweet). Had some of my husband's pancake - very yummy (and HUGE!)Adorable and food looked great.  We stopped in on a VERY hot Saturday afternoon and were happy to wait 10 minutes for a table... however, the woman bartender was YELLING at all the servers to 'hurry up', 'move it folks' and it was so stressful that we chose to leave.  She was very mean and rude.  
Not a relaxing atmosphere at all to enjoy lunch.  We were very disappointed.This was a great place, originated by a Family from my hometown, and copied from a very successful progenitor in Lafayette.
This location was killed by lack of parking.
The décor was great, the food was first rate, the drinks & service were nice.
Sad, and we'll miss this great place.
RickI've never had service this bad before. The drinks they served had oil floating on the surface, and the waiter could not care less about his service, leaving 2 other waiters to check on us.
Three other tables came and ate before we received our food, and we were only a table of four in a nearly empty restaurant. It took an hour and a half to get our food.
We tried to pay, and upon giving the waiter our payment and it took another 5 minutes for him to give us our change. Apparently, it was more important to the waiter to joke around with his coworkers rather than allowing us to leave. 
We asked to speak to the manager and after waiting for another 10 minutes, we decided to just leave and not frequent the restaurant in the future.
I wish I could give zero stars or negative stars. There are at least two other brunch spots within walking distance that are much friendlier, timely, and taste better.I'm only giving this 1 star because you have to give a star. Sunday, October 30th my brother and I arrived at 1:30 extremely hungry and were told "we aren't seating anymore guest due to technical difficulties that aren't really technical". The hostess did not offer an explanation of why a restaurant that closes at 3 would not seat us. There were no signs on the door. Nothing. We were told "you can order a drink. We're just not serving anymore guest who don't have a reservation". This was my first visit and I will never be back. First impressions are lasting impressions.Being a local and a brunch fanatic I was excited to give Brick and Spoon a try. I will absolutely not be back- it was the worst dining out experience I've had in a long time. It took us almost an hour to get our food and to say the food was underwhelming is being generous. It was the worst food I've had at a restaurant in years, just baaaad and expensive to boot. For three people we paid $60 with no alcohol, I even got charged twice for a hot tea for requesting two tea bags. My friend had ordered avocado that the waiter forgot(then remembered once she had already finished her salad)that he still charged her for. Again, the service, the wait for the food, the cost-- all of these things I would maybe put up with again if the food had been any good. Very disappointing!Great food.   Bloody Mary's are A1.  Went there before the St. Pats Parade..great atmosphere.  Eggs Benedict was legit.Some women in my hotel told me I had to try this place - I admit I was a little worried with the Yelp reviews, but I am glad I listened. 
We went for breakfast and started out with a cold brew and the creole deviled eggs with fried oysters on top - they were incredible. Worth the visit.
I also had the shrimp and grits for breakfast. It was good - but not specials like some of the other places I've eaten. 
But the coffee is amazing and the deviled eggs made it well worth the trip.First visit-- I won't make this mistake again. Terrible value.
I ended up here for Mother's Day after the original place I wanted to go had a 2 hour wait. I was looking forward to trying this place out and quickly did my excitement fade. Brick & Spoon wasn't crowded on Sunday lunch on Mother's day. Half of the restaurant was empty and the hostess insisted that we wait 20 minutes to be seated. Once seated, the waiter offered untimely and inattentive service. He couldn't explain the menu items, didn't offer timely refills (or refills at all) and for the majority of the meal he was no where to be found. 
The food took a very long time to arrive-- one meal even came out of the kitchen a solid 10 minutes earlier than the other two. Foodwise, maybe stick to the appetizer or just drink. The Bananas in Pajamas appetizer was pretty good, but that is the only nice thing I can say about the food. The Veggie Panini that I ordered was literally inedible- completely over dressed and soggy: untoasted break, very little hot yellow squash, slice of tomato, piece of some sort of green that wilted with the warmth of the squash and LOTS and LOTS of mayo (or whatever gross sauce it as drowning in). I am a vegetarian and I've eaten plenty of mediocre and down right terrible attempts at veggie sandwiches and literally, this was by far the WORST sandwich I've ever tried. My dad ordered the burger which he said was mediocre. The upgraded parmesan trouffe fries isn't worth the $1-- its just some unpleasant looking, shredded parmesan thrown on top.Here at "Brick & Spoon" on Magazine Street near Washington.
Very good cheeseburgers & fries.
Place was empty @ 6:00 PM Saturday.
No Coors Light, tough street parking.
Very nice building & furnishings.
Wish them LUCK !
RickI had very high expectations for this restaurant and I am extremely disappointed. Food took 45 minutes to arrive. The bloody mary was great, however the eggs Benedict (crab and oyster) were not good. The eggs were not runny (completely cooked through), the crab cakes were mushy and tasteless, and it seemed as if there wasn't actually an oyster in my meal (just fried dough). We made a comment to the manager and she was great, explaining that they have only been open for 3 weeks and comped part of the meal. In the end, myself and friends included will not be going back.One of the best brunch places in town! I had the build your own Bloody Mary, and omg, it's got a nice kick, and the add-ons really make it stand out above the rest. The breakfast tacos have a yummy wonton shell, and the breakfast fries are to die for. Alexander, our waiter, is polite and charming, and Dusty the bartender was awesome! I will definitely be going back again.Went for brunch this past Sunday, and was really disappointed. Like other posters have said, the food takes a ridiculous amount of time to come out (we waited about 45 min and for 2 omelettes, and 2 eggs Benedict). 
The hollandaise they used was the worst part; it tasted strongly of mustard and was congealed by the time it got to the table. The cheese grits were underwhelming, and the best part was actually our app of breakfast fries. We also got the brioche French toast to split, and that basically turned out to be a slightly damp piece of toasted brioche bread sprinkled with powdered sugar. 
Over all, I found it to be very loud inside with slow service and overpriced food. Too many places to eat in this city so please don't waste your time going here.I gave 2 stars because it was clean & the coffee was good. . Service was fair, but the food was subpar. We got chocolate beignets as an appetizer(they came with the meal). The beignets were hard, flat & basically inedible. I got biscuits & gravy, which was good, but why so stingy with the gravy? 
My husband got the tacos & said they were just meh.
Too many good restaurants in town to give this one another try.I went here with my huge fam and they were able to sit us and had a high chair for the baby! The service was great but I didn't like the food all too much. Although it had creativity, it lacked a lot of flavor, which I expected all nola food to have a lot of!This place has a lot of potential but misses the bar on some points. Service was slow and food took a long time to come out. The food was decent but not worth the price.Service was super friendly and fast, manager stopped by to chat, and burger was great!This brand spanking new restaurant just opened on Magazine Street (Next to Coquette). From a business perspective they really did a great job getting me in the door. Two weeks before they opened, they had already placed a sign of daily beverage specials on the door. I stopped to read them, and a lady came running out to offer me a bottle of their bloody mary mix and remind me to stop in when they open. Loved that! In the days after their official opening, we were handed free beignets coups! Loved that! 
Finally, I took my from-out-of-town guests there for my first visit hoping to impress them. We were not too sure about the commercial IKEA look of the décor and seating. It looked too "new", but in the same sense it looked clean, so what did that matter. Maybe the lights were just not helping our hangover? I guess it had a chain-restaurant vibe, but I really don't have anything against chains. 
Our server was very energetic!We ordered several flavors or beignets, which was actually only 2 orders they allowed us to split half and half. Our waiter accidentally gave us wildberry instead of chocolate (I didn't mind this because I was between on the chocolate and this one), and we also had the cinnamon sugar, bananas foster, and regular powdered sugar. The coffee cream spread served with one of the ordered is the best thing i ever tasted. The cinnamon sugar beignets were the least favorite; too much cinnamon, not nearly enough sugar. I ordered the coffee martini - way too strong for a breakfast drink before 11am (maybe even 12pm for the not so heavy drinkers), but I still drank the entire thing. My friend ordered a Bloody Mary and those babies are pretty amazing. You might not need to order anything to eat if you take advantage of the Bloody options. We had Eggs bennies all around. I enjoyed mine and ate every last bite. The grits were thicker than I am used to but I don't love grits so I was going to eat much of them anyway. We spied on other tables' orders, and noticed the pancake(s) are huge, and the burgers looked juicy. The prices were the same as every other place on magazine that serves breakfast, lunch or brunch. 
I will most definitely be back to try some of the other menu items and get my own bloody.Had the most amazing Father's Day brunch. Food was delish and had the most attentive fast service ever for a Sunday morning brunch. Our waiter, I think his name was Will, was very helpful and fast. He knew the menu so well. Recommend the bottomless mimosas.Went for brunch on a Tuesday.  Light crowd, service was excellent.  The breakfast tacos are excellent.  The shell is a wanton shell and the eggs are really good.  Good portions.  My wife had the American breakfast.  Grits are very good, very creamy.  Only complaint is that it is a little pricey, but it is on Magazine.  Overall very good brunch.New good casual breakfast lunch restaurant bar in garden district. Creole omelet was quite good as were service and pricesThe best part about this place was their water. Everything we ordered was under seasoned and just basically lacked any flavor. Save yourself some time and go to Popeyes. That's what we did after ....
The farmers market that I ordered had "seasonal vegetables" that consisted of zucchini, squash, and frozen carrots. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast tacos and said "save yourself some time and just order two shots of vodka."
The reason I splurged for two stars was because the service wasn't bad but if you're desperate  I'd recommend finding another place.