It's a 5 for real. Comfortable, delicious, homey, great service. Wonderful and very real. New and fresh but not nouveau.
We came in and there were 2 soft shell crabs left, so we put our names on them. After drinks, we had the crabs sauteed and topped with a roasted pecan meunieure sauce. OMG. The crabs were whales.
Then we had Roasted duck; Cochon du Lait; Broiled Drum with Crabmeat crust and Brigtsen's Seafood Platter. Incredible.
The platter had: Grilled Drum with Crawfish Sauce; Crawfish Cornbread; Baked Scallop; Baked Oysters; Shrimp and Napa Slaw and Mirliton Dressing.So good. So fresh. So Creative.
We had Cafe Au Lait Creme Brulee and the famous Strawberry Shortcake for dessert. Service was like family. The dining room in an old house was cozy. Frank Brigtsen Rocks.the only thing i didn't like was we made our reservations in mid april during jazz fest weekend so our seating wasn't schedule until 9pm - our bad.  even arriving on time we still had to wait another half hour.  but it was worth it.  we started with a bottle of ridge pinot noir and the soft shell crab appetizer which was a meal in itself.  our server really should have told us it was a huge crab that could easliy be shared.  by the time i was done with my soft shell i was almost full.  my husband had sweetbreads.  we all had a fish entree.  dan and i went with the grouper.  my husband the gulf fish.  love every bite of it!  for dessert we were relieved to hear that they had run out of pecan pie b/c i don't think i could have consumed anymore.This was one of two five star experiences on a recent NOLA trip where great food was planned and a central theme. The food and service at Brigtsen's  were of the highest quality.  The seafood platter is rightfully a signature, but really everything from the sweetbreads to dessert was perfectly seasoned and cooked, every bite a sensation. All the accolades are justified. Pick what you like based on the description and it will be perfectly prepared. Bravo!In town on business and a friend recommended this unique place.  Was in love with it as we walked up to the door.  Once inside, the smell would make the fullest person hungry again.  Thick savory smells have clearly soaked in to this house-turned-restaurant.
Had no reservation and showed up around 9pm on Saturday night, but I was assured that although there were people waiting, they would seat us soon...and they did.
Friendliest staff ever suggested the Rabbit Tenderloin appy.  I can now say that rabbit is worth the effort!  Although it is hard for me to pass up Ossobuco (especially given their twist to the sauce) I had the fish special which was halibut.  It was perfectly spicy and buttery-wish I could make it like that.
Pecan pie and coffee to finish a most satisfying and friendly meal.  I will be back every time I am in town.OK, I admit it, living in San Francisco has left me a bit jaded when it comes to restaurants - I was expecting great things based on all the hype around Brigtsen's and its status as a local favorite. But, nothing that we ordered was particularly interesting. That's not to say that the food wasn't good (exception being the shrimp cornbread as part of my husband's seafood sampler plate - it was way too salty), but I didn't walk away from the dinner being blown away. The food is quintessential New Orleans fare - think heavy sauces, lots of seafood, breading, etc., but the food blends together with basically every other classic New Orleans dining "institution" (e.g., Commander's Palace, Arnaud's, Galatoire's). I was hoping for a dining experience that incorporated the elements of New Orleans food with a unique twist, and instead, I left feeling like I had eaten a meal like many others before. I will say, though, that the gumbo and the butternut shrimp bisque were tasty, but not enough to bring us back for another meal.One of, if not THE, premiere restaurant in the south. Owned and run by James Beard Award winning Chef Frank Brigtsen (disciple of Chef Paul Prudhomme), the menu is comprised of Louisiana's best seafood, produce, and meats, including shrimp, oysters, gulf fish, duck, pork, beef, and other wonderfully prepared items. This place is a "Must Eat" for tourist and locals alike.Simply Excellent!!!  This is a great place to go for date night.  The place is small, which makes the setting very imtimate.  The atmosphere here is very warm and inviting. The staff is excellent.  
I cannot remember what we got for appetizers, except that it was fantastic.  For my entree, I ordered the panéed rabbit with sesame crust and my wife ordered the couchon du lait.  Both of these were exquisite.  On hindsight, there was nothing negative about our evening at Brigtsen's.  Highly recommend!!!First off the pecan pie and accompanying caramel sauce is heaven on Earth. I love the old school charm of this place. Built in what looks like an old home it is quaint and welcoming. I had the seafood platter, which was very very very very good. I will be back definitely.
The butternut squash shrimp bisque is the best soup I've ever eaten in my life.Excellent Nee Orleans food and lovely night out. Feel like a local. Make sure you have the pecan pie ; it is heavenly and quintessential southern.The Essence of Old New Orleans -- this place is something special.  Especially now.  Frank Brigtsen is a fantastic chef and everything he cooks feels full of care and love.  Truly.  The service in the rooms of the older house is absolutely top notch.  Marna, Sandy and the staff make you feel so cozy and like part of the gang, even if you are a tourist!  (and it's a great place to come as a tourist, as it's off the beaten path and full of locals).  And if Rob is at the bar, have him make you one of his specials -- my favorite is the sidecar.  He is something else!
Yeah, it's not cheap, but it's not exhorbitant.  It's worth every penny, and it was a pleasure to visit NO and see them up and running so well.  It cannot have been easy, but I think you'll agree with me, it's worth it.I decided to come here on a whim for my birthday dinner. I had always wanted to do a Reveillon dinner and decided this year was the year to make it happen. For those who don't know a Reveillon dinner is a remix of an old Creole tradition. Back in the day after midnight mass you would break the days fast by having a rich multi course meal. I'm a foodie I love revamping old traditions so I was in. 
First I have to say as a local I have a severe soft spot for restaurants that feel like old New Orleans. Don't get me wrong I love all the new blood and innovation that has come to my home town but there is something that just makes me happy about places that keep it traditional. Even though this was my first time having a meal here it felt like coming home. 
The waitstaff was helpful and warm and really made you feel like family. The cocktails were perfect. While there I had a sidecar and a French 75 with Cognac both were perfectly made. 
The timing of the courses was spot on. We had time to relish and savor each of our four courses. I never felt rushed. No one was bringing us an entree when the soup course was still on the table. Literally everything I ate was perfection. I do not have one bad thing to say. This was the first time I dined here but it will certainly not be the last.One of my favorite restaurants period. Everything about this place is great but the Pecan Pie is all the motivation you need to hop a plane and go to New Orleans just for Brigtstens. The service is impeccable. The ambiance is really chill and the food is just outstanding.  They also had the best shrimp and grits I've ever had.
They have the everyday staples mixed with a bunch of daily specials and you really can't go wrong with either.  Brigtsens doesn't get the recognition as other places but it's truly one of the best kept secrets in all of LA.I hate to rate this place a 3 because I was certain based on the yelp reviews I would LOVE this place. Everything was just ok. The server was nice and pleasant. The food was good but not over the top. We had the shrimp appetizer, gumbo, duck, sample platter, tres leches and chocolate cake. I thought everything was ok. I would suggest trying the place but I think my expectations were too high based on the other yelp reviews, which left me feeling underwhelmed and disappointed.Brigtsen's is easily my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! The Butternut Shrimp bisque is exquisite as is the veal Parmesan. I have eaten there many times and I have never been disappointed. The pecan pie is to die for and so is the bread pudding! The waitresses are friendly and the chef, Frank Brigtsen couldn't be nicer! The restaurant is clean and dressy-casual and the restroom is sanitary and spacious. The atmosphere of the restaurant is one that is hard to find anywhere else! I can't imagine anyone being unsatisfied after having a meal there!It was really hard to find anything wrong with this fabulous meal my friend and I had their recently. Was able to get reservations for the time I wanted and once we arrived, we were seated immediately. The restaurant is a converted house in a nice little Riverbend neighborhood, so the conversion is really nice. Nice 'art' work on the walls! The 'second' room was slightly dim, not too badly. Our server was charming and able to answer all our questions. I thought the wine list was lacking, but we found a wine and our server agreed it was a good one. I HIGHLY recommend the Orin Swift Prisoner wine. It is an incredile blend, dominated by zinfadel. I ordered the house salad, cup of butternut squash shrimp bisque, and the slow roasted duck. When the server described the duck preparation, basically all I heard was that the duck skikn is 're-crisped' then added back to the dish. Re-fried duck skin? I'm sold. House salad, pretty nice. The bisque was actually ridculously delicious. Great texture, subtle shrimp flavor, rich and velvety. Try it, you'll love it. And now for the duck. Stupendous. It was either the pork tenderloin or the duck, and I choose well. I recall loving the duck on previous visits here and once again, I loved it. I can not do justice to the fabulous tasting entree that this was. Duck was delicious, the vegatable and whipped potato sides were also delicious. The 'jus'/gravy that was served with the entree was fabulous. I thoroughly enjoyed this meal. I will not wait another couple of years before coming back to this gem.I'll give it 3.5 actually.
It isn't that I didn't like it but I didn't love it either. I had huge expectations for it and it fell a bit short.
The restaurant was very small and cozy and not too far of a cab ride from my hotel in the CBD either. Staff was friendly, warm, and very attentive.
Like most restaurants in New Orleans the bread was fantastic and plentiful.
I was a little upset they did not have the soft shell crab appetizer, so I settled on the veal sweetbreads. These were truly fantastic and some of the best I have had. I loved the lemon caper sauce and mushrooms it came with. It was also piping hot which is a big winner for me.
My co-worker got the pulled pork t on cornbread and I tasted some and it was very good.
For mains we sampled duck and the pork chop. After hearing so many raves about "the duck" being the must order dish not only here but in all of NOLA I was thinking big. However, the duck fell short. The skin was crispy and there were some nice moist pieces, however it was a tad dry. I enjoyed the cherry sauce that accompanied it. The veggies and mashed potatoes served as good sides. However, the dirty rice was a bit too much and didn't need to be added to the dish. I also got a side of the shrimp cornbread from the shell beach diet and it was AWESOME. Probably my favorite thing I ate that night.
My friend ate his pork chop in 2 mins flat, because it was rather small. Maybe it was just because he was comparing it to the monster chip I had at Emeril's the day before, but it seemed tiny. His dish came with some lackluster green beans which he ate reluctantly.
Pecan pie for dessert. Good, but nothing spectacular. 
I enjoyed the meal, staff was terrific, and I can see the potential. But it didn't meet my admittedly elevated expectations. On my next trip to NOLA, Brigtsen's is not a MUST visit for me.Hate to rain on the parade of this restaurant, but a lesson in hospitality and focus on guest experience is in serious need. First, let me say, the food was pretty good. Not the best I've had, but still solid. My server, taller gentleman, was friendly and understood the balance of being available without being overbearing, no complaints on him. 
Now...why i'm giving 2 stars....We had tried dining at Brigtsen's on several occasions, but each time something came up. So, for my girlfriend's 30th birthday I figure that would be a great surprise destination for dinner. Called, made the reso, informed them of the special occasion. Day of, they call, reconfirm the reservation, acknowledge that we are celebrating something and I comment how we've been looking forward to it. 
Arrive, greeted warmly, our server greats us, tells us how they do team service, so if he's not available anytime to flag someone and they can get anything we need. He picks up the vibe that we are there to dine and not rush though, which we appreciate. Order first course, then second and entrees, all food comes out timely, coursed out, and is, like i said, pretty good. Going good so far. 
We are almost homefree with Brigtsen's, doing great.....and then.... 
In the middle of eating our entrees, another one of my server's "team members" comes and interrupts our conversation and asks us if we had any thoughts on dessert? I look down at my plate which is still 60% full of food, and said, "why? do we have to decide now?" She replied back with the kitchen is cleaning up and moving coolers around so you don't have to decide on what, but if we were going to have any at all. (Reference the part earlier in the review where I said that it was my girlfriend's 30TH BIRTHDAY!!!!). ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! I have decide on "IF" i want a dessert for my girlfriends bday celebration while I'm still eating my entree. Well, to us at least, seemed extremely pushy, made us feel like we would be inconveniencing others, and showed a total disregard of our special occasion. So now that all the shine and polish of this dining experience has gone down the tubes, our server comes back, poor guy like a deer in headlights, not having any idea of what just happened. Obviously could tell our demeanor has changed, and made a half-hearted attempt to make us feel like we could still enjoy our dinner and order whatever, whenever, that ship had already sailed. I debated on asking to speak with a manager, but I didn't want to exacerbate the situation and stir the pot more considering the occasion. Mind you all of this was at 9:30, its not like we were there at 11 or 11:30. Being the GM of an upscale restaurant in New Orleans, I'm happy to now have new topics on what NOT to do for our staff during pre-shift meetings. 
So all things being considered, I've had my Brigtsen's experience, I'll now have to make sure wherever we go for her 31st birthday is much better, and much more hospitable.A New Orleans favorite
Local fresh food
Great local style
Fab wine list with great pricing
Always come here when I'm in NOLA!Yes, five stars!!!!!! Simply the best restaurant in New Orleans, I've been several times over the last ten years. Always on my New Orleans checklist! The namesake chef  is one of the most talented in the US. It's out of the way, but well worth it!I've been probably 10 times and it is better and better each time. Frank and Marna are the finest people anywhere and the food is simply the best. 
The seafood platter is the best dish in Nola. BBQ shrimp and pecan pie also great.I don't know where to begin! Upon walking in- you will be greeted by friendly faces. Marna is usually always at the front and is absolutely the sweetest!  The building brings much charm to your dining experience. It is an older, shotgun home that appears to have many of the living areas turned in to dining rooms. The food- always exceptional. I have visited many times- each time better than the last.
The owner and Chef, Frank, almost always comes out to greet the guests. You feel like family here! A must try for anyone in the New Orleans area!!My husband and I went to Brigtsen's for our 4-year anniversary and we had a lovely meal. 
First of all, the restaurant is in a charming old house that manages to be intimate but not claustrophobic or overheated - a rare and wonderful thing. I had told them it was our anniversary so they put little decorative hearts on the table, something that could have easily gone overboard into tacky-land, but instead was very sweet. Our waitress Gigi was very informative, nice, and attentive. Overall, it was an elegant but relaxed vibe.
But the food was the real highlight . For apps, we had shrimp remoulade and veal sweetbreads, both of which were fantastic. Also had a cup of lovely gumbo with deep, flavorful roux. For entrees, my husband had the crab encrusted, grilled drum in a lemony butter sauce, which was lovely. But he had some major entree envy when I ordered the seafood platter. The two preparations of oysters were yummy, the drum was delicious, but the cornbread, slaw, and scallop were out of this world - intense, wonderful, unusual flavors. This dish was surprising, varied, but harmonious, and each piece was wonderful. The mean was topped off with a banana bread pudding that was out of this world. The only slight letdown was boring bread, but you won't need any extra carbs, believe me.
Brigsten's goes on our growing list of incredible places in New Orleans. 
- JoyHoly good eatin' my friends!  Gotta tell ya, I usually don't eat everything put in front of me..very picky..but I ate my whole meal at Brigsten's.  My food crew and I tried different pairings from the "cool-inary" menu, and boy, was it good....all of it. (Even the bread)
Go eat here! Well worth it.We love to eat, and ate a lot in New Orleans. This was by far the most incredible meal we had anywhere in town.
The service and atmosphere are perfect - it's cozy and personal but still very lively. The staff was so friendly I felt like we were regulars.
The food was ridiculously good, I'll remember every moment of it. It's traditional enough that you don't feel challenged by your meal - it's accessible. But at the same time everything has something subtle and creative about it. It's obvious they love what they do.
It's a good thing we ate there the last night we were in town or we would have ended up eating there five times.Traveled here with my friend and our kids. The restaurant was very nice! The service was great. The only thing I did not like, was the Gratuity fee of 20%. I wish someone would have mentioned that, so I could not be surprised! This is why I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars.We really enjoyed most of the things about this restaurant. The ambiance was great, our server was wonderful and really friendly. Loved the gratin, the rabbit tenderloin and the gulf fish. However, we just didn't get the seafood platter. After all the praise we read, we felt compelled to order it, and the result was underwhelming. Nothing on that platter was impressive/memorable. And for over $30 something should have been. It's a shame that one dish brought the whole experience down to 3 stars, but what was a splurge and should have been the best part of the dinner, ended up being the worst.I was completely underwhelmed with my dinner, but I'm giving 3 stars because the Mrs. and her cousins' meals were wonderful and the service, cocktails and dessert were fantastic. Maybe I should have had a seafood dish, but quite frankly my cochon de lait tasted like a TV dinner. I really don't enjoy paying that much for something I can do better at home. Which incidentally is the same reason I don't go to strip clubs.Brigtsen's Restaurant
723 Dante St, New Orleans, LA 70118
http://goo.gl/maps/3FeCt
504-861-7610
Well paired flavors served in simple elegance
Brigtsens is located in the riverbend neighborhood off st Charles st. Parking is on the street so if you're local I would recommend taking the street car.  We had a great dinner and service was impeccable. The food was delicious and well presented. We arrived on time and were promptly seated. Our server quickly took our drink orders and went over the specials.
   We shared the rabbit and andouille gumbo as well as the scallop appetizers and both were tasty. The gumbo had huge chunks of the tasty rabbit that was simmered to perfection. 
We all chose different dishes from the menu so we really got a good sample of Chef Brigtsens abilities. I had the grilled redfish with shrimp and crabmeat topping. It was so rich I couldn't finish it. My buddy had the braised veal shank and it was amazing as well. The tuna was well seasoned and plentiful too. We also had the brisket served in a vegetable soup and it was delicious as well. The staff was very attentive and kept our glasses full. We even went for desserts. Do not pass up the pecan pie, simply amazing texture, crust and filling were to die for., not to mention the surrounding salted caramel sauce.
I'm marking this place as one of my favorites and will definately be back. Don't forget to make reservations.
Urban Cowgill 2014Okay  - I have to be honest here.  Im giving this 5 stars because I dont think its fair to knock off a full star based on my opinion of the atmosphere.  I felt a little out of place here.  
Its cool because its in an old house and I got the feeling like I was at my grandmas house eating dinner.  The rooms are small and the tables are pretty close together.  I felt a little out of place maybe because I wasnt warned of what to expect.  I was surrounded by people who were dressed very "perfect" like.  If that makes any sense, I have no idea.  Again, I dont know if its fair to put this out there but I just want my fellow yelpers to know what to expect when going to this restaurant ahead of time.  Not that its a BAD thing - but wasnt our "usual".  
ANYHOW - the food was absolutely INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS and the service was 5 star all the way.  I cant tell you one point in the dinner where there was an empty plate sitting on the table, the check didnt sit for very long, and everyone was super friendly.  We tried the duck and the veal entrees.  Both were cooked perfectly and I the size of the meal was just right.  
This restaurant has a lot of history and I definitely recommend you go here - just be on your best behavior and dress accordingly.  I dont think you should miss out on this restaurant on my atmosphere review alone because everything else is absolutely 5 star quality.  
Enjoy!!!Hadn't been in a long time. Still terrific. I could have several meals there on the appetizers alone. The BBQ shrimp and fried catfish were wonderful. Next time, I'm getting the sweetbreads. Great service!I have been to (pretty much) all the great restaurants there are to eat at in New Orleans... the great new places, as well as the great old ones.  However, if I was able to choose one last meal before my life came to an end, I would dine here - and die a happy man.The hallway table was quieter than the dining rooms, so we didn't have to shout. A little lonely, though. 
The BBQ shrimp and veal sweetbread appetizers were phenomenal!
The expensive entrees were so-so, however. The duck had congealed fat under the skin that had to be picked off with the fork. The lamb shank was just average.
Should have gone to Emeril's instead.
You live, you learn.Very disappointing experience. The food was over-salted and over-sauced. The service was unremarkable and the bill was high. It's in an old charming house on Dante but it smelled musty.What can I say, the legend is real. I ate here for the first time during COOLinary and it was fabulous. Fantastic service, in fact I think Mrs. Brigsten visited our table of times to check on us. I took my parents out there and they dont get a chance to to nice places often and they didnt stop talking about Brigstens for months. It made me so happy that they were so impressed. I will be back! I can't wait for Reveillion Dinners!We had heard and read so much about this place, and had seen the most recent Zagat ratings for food and service, and so were prepared to be wowed.  But no, that did not happen.  
Instead, we left shaking our heads in wonderment about how many better meals we had had during our nine days in Louisiana and how much we had just paid for a very so-so meal at Brigstens.
The service is wonderful. But the food was not. It was not bad, mind you, but my Gulf fish special was very dry. My mother-in-law's paneed rabbit was dry and was encrusted in a rather thick crust that didn't do much for any of us.  My wife enjoyed the rabbit appetizer in creole mustard sauce.  
All in all, a disappointing experience.....aaaannnnnddd one year later, exactly the same, even more delicious than before! Thank you Chef B!This hits all the checkmarks for a New Orleans restaurant experience. Local legend and award-winning chef (James Beard winner) Frank Brigtsen delivers a spectacular menu, his wife greets you at the door with a charming smile, and the waitstaff is superb. Located in a quiet, uptown neighborhood, Brigsten's offers the best of New Orleans Creole style seafood and other delights. 
Yes, it's "way" uptown, but there's so much more to New Orleans than the FQ. Ride the streetcar, take a cab, find a way there. It's worth the effort, and the extra dollars for a memorable and original New Orleans dining experience.Are you kidding me with this place? This is 'last-meal' food, as in you'll eat here if you know it's the last meal you'll eat.  Fantastic! We even met Chef Brigtsen.  Lovely, lovely man.  Where to start? I had two killer mojitos, a fabulous salad (there is only one on the menu - get it!) and the appetizer gravlax for my entree over a dream of a potato pancake.  So incredible.  Pals had the butternut shrimp soup - to die for.  The best pecan pie we've ever tried.  I had seasonal strawberry shortcake.  Everything was so good we are still talking about it a week later.  Just. Go. Now.A very mixed bag.  The dated website (c. 1995) is an accurate reflection of both the ambiance and food.  (On a related note, the restaurant has won many awards. Most of them are from the '90s or early 2000s.  What, if anything, has happened in the last 15 years?)  Apps were excellent. BBQ shrimp were remarkable, smoky and spicy but in a way that was harmonious rather than overpowering, with a nice polenta-like cake.  The gumbo was also outstanding, lacking any harshness, although was an andouille and chicken variety rather than the andouille and rabbit listed on the website (perhaps they were out of rabbit as no other rabbit dishes on the menu that night either)--but the chicken was remarkably succulent and flavorful.  Entrees were greatly disappointing.  Broiled gulf fish with crabmeat/parmesean crust and lemon mousseline (quite similar to hollandaise). The dish was pleasant, but overall the  straight from the late 80s/early 90s--not particularly refined or elegant, plated at a $12 level rather than a $30 level.  The other entree was essentially duck a l'lorange. This was less than pleasant, with the duck well done and quite gamey in flavor. Again, a dated preparation, and certainly an unacceptably amateurish plating. Dessert was pecan pie, which was fine, but not remarkable, and surrounded in a whole lake of over-sweet caramel sauce; the sort of thing one might expect in a good diner, but not in a fine restaurant. The limited selection of house wines by the glass were uninspired and uninspiring.  Friendly service could not redeem these faults.  Despite the excellent apps, we won't be back.Best meal I've had in New Orleans. Period. That may have a little to do with the fact that I went with a group of friends and we all ordered something different and everyone shared, but everything was delicious. Great service, great setting, a truly great dining experience.Fried (cornmeal crusted) rabbit entree was only bested by the duck. Very tasty rabbit gumbo. The crawfish shortbread appetizer was good, but the shortbread seemed a little out of place and unnecessary. Tres leches with strawberries and chocolate whipped cream melted in our mouths. 
Very cozy atmosphere. Attentive, friendly staff. While it is technically casual, it feels right to wear a jacket.The rabbit tenderloin was awesome.  Trix tasted great.Old school. Heavy on the sauces and sugar. Some of the patrons have been coming there for the past decade or longer and survived, so it is not all that bad. For example, soft-shell crab. It is an absolute must to try when its on the menu. Our gumbo was unremarkable, Cochon de Lait drowned in a heavy roux and oh, don't bother with a dessert. A failed attempt to recreate tres leches cake left a bad taste in our mouths. Dessert cake that was made for a birthday party looked absolutely delicious but we were told that it was a special order, not available to the rest of us. This restaurant is pricey for what you get. On the other hand, it is very traditional New Orleans style of cooking that if you never tried, do yourself a favor, indulge!Food is ok, a little pricy considering its little amount, the waitress are too busy.I always kick myself for not dining here more frequently, and my latest experience reminded me of the folly of my ways. Frank simply is New Orleans cooking and never seems to let you down. A true staple in the Nola community. I was kicking myself for having a late lunch then heading here, and whilst I tried to order light I simply couldn't resist ordering rabbit and andouille gumbo followed by a wonderful veal dish. Of course a seafood platter was ordered, which Frank does in the best ideas of such a dish, the soft shell crab meuniere, sweatbreads, and grouper, all had us smiling and happy for each choice. The wine by the glass was offered as a bottle after inquiring and the overall experience was pleasant and enjoyed by all.
The only knock costing a star, was our table left so little room that the server had to squeeze and interrupt us with every pass. In her defense she made it "fun" by massaging my shoulders" to let me know she needed passage.
Great place.After a whole year of not dining at Brigtsen's...we made reservations for 5 on a Wednesday night..and THIS TIME..I MUST BOOST MY STAR RATING TO A 5!!!.HANDS DOWN!!
again...GO FOR THE PECAN PIE FLOATING OVER A SEA OF CARAMEL SAUCE!!!..MMmmMmm..
We decided to show some family members visiting from Dallas some real good comfort New Orleans food so of course we all decided on Brigtsen's. 
Service: AGAIN...Exceptional!  The ladies at Brigtsen's always have a smiling face..always giving us the best recommendations. Because our parents worked/owned in the restaurant industries..the service and smile we got from these ladies really hit close to home..reminds us of good ole Southern Hospitality!
Food: OMMGGG....AMazing!! Here's the breakdown of what we ordered:
1.) Butternut Squash Bisque: Absolutely amazing..so smooth and rich..buttery goodness.
2.) File Gumbo with Rabbit & Andouille Sausage: Again..this is a must try.  Top Gumbo I've had in my life!!
(They didn't have their Turtle soup this time around. We found out that the chef only makes it between December 1st until around Valentine's Day..I think I will set up my Iphone to automatically remind me that time next year to drop by Brigtsen's for turtle soup)
3.) Mustard and Cornmeal Fried Catfish with Cheese Grits and Creole Sauce: Absolutely Amazing!!! You would think.."what's so special about fried catfish right?" wrong!! It's light, fluffy, and super moist (As I'm writing this review from the dining experience with my Dallas family, I had returned more recently to get this appetizer.  We shared this appetizer b/t 5, so this time around I HAD to come back with my husband to get our own!)
4.) Seared Scallop
5.) Rabbit Tenderloin: I was hesitant thinking it will be gamey..but really..it taste just like chicken! but BETTER!! I want to come back for more rabbit tenderloin..
Entrees:
1.) Broiled Gulf Fish with Parmesan Crabmeat Crust: Again..it's lump crabmeat..comes out nice and hot
2.) Grilled TBone Steak: My cousin got this.  He really enjoyed it..but did mention that there was just a bit too much garlic butter on the steak.  He asked for medium..and it came out medium.
3.) Brigtsen's Seafood Platter: AWESOMMMEEE!!!!
Dessert:
Of course we ended with 2 orders of Pecan Pie and Banana Bread Pudding.  The Pecan Pie is soooo good..my cousin ended up buying a whole pie to go! The ladies were so nice to package it and even packed the caramel sauce to go...but of course..it never made it back to Dallas...they devoured it that evening..
We will definitely be back..must get my Brigtsen's fix before the big move from this amazing city!We took a cab here one night from the french quarter - took a solid 20 minutes but the meal was worth it. The setting was really interesting, its basically a house converted into a restaurant. You feel like you are at a house party but don't worry, the tables are set up far enough that you are not forced to speak with others if you don't want to. The noise level was fine too. The food was great - had the gumbo and the duck. If you get the duck, don't expect sliced duck - its more of a dark meat portion in a rich sauce. Tasted great - just a warning before ordering if you were expecting a strip of sliced duck.I wanted to absolutely love this place. Really....I did. In fact, I went into dinner expecting to. Eh. In a city full of good food and endless options, you have to deliver. It didnt. That said...the food is good. Just not stellar-worth-all-the-hype-you-hear worthy. I found it impossible to have meaningful conversation...the tables were a little uncomfortable and I felt far away from the person I was with at our 2-top. We had a completely drunk obnoxious group sit next to us and it made having meaningful conversation and being able to enjoy a pricy meal impossible. We were pretty much told we had to indulge the drunk group because they apparently come there often enough and have enough money to be humored. Not so much. The veal sweetbreads were good. The shrimp remoulade was ok. I had the crabmeat crusted fish...cant remember what kind....drum I think? That's how impressive it was... I cant even remember the details. After all the hype, it should have been memorable and delivered. PLUS- Chef Brigtsen apparently made the decision to nix his famous banana bread pudding from the menu....one of the things we were looking forward to. Tip: If you have an item that people consider so good that they make reservations anticipating the dessert alone......what's the adage? If it ain't broke?Pecan pie.....
Yeah, everything else is great, too. Upscale but not stuffy. Must try if you're looking for upscale creole food in nola.I like big shrimp, and I can not lie! The BBQ shrimp is great, but the accompanying grit cake was what made the dish. Both my meal (veal parmigiana) and Big Boss's speckled trout were amazing. What really flipped my lid though was the pasta that came with the veal. Normally this pasta is at best an afterthought, but I loved it and gorged myself right out of dessert. The drinks were yummy and I'll go back to get dessert. Not cheap, but this isn't McBurger. Buy the ticket, take the ride, as Hunter S. Thompson would advise.I'm not an eloquent enough writer to recommend this place highly enough. I love the atmosphere, the staff, the experience, and oh dear goodness the food...
The rabbit gumbo was probably the finest dish it has been my pleasure to consume. At Brigtsen's, I enjoy dishes prepared with some prominently used ingredients that, under normal circumstances, I detest wholeheartedly. 
Brigtsen's has become my one non-negotiable culinary destination every time I visit New Orleans.Is this restaurant carpeted? It's been a while. I'm pretty sure it's carpeted, though. And the walls are DEFINITELY hand painted with cheesy murals. On old victorian wainscoting. Great buttery fat, original, contemporary menu.  Super friendly knowledgeable relaxed staff. Homey, owner-operated vibe.
 Summarize in three words: Rabbit Tenderloin baby.I first want to thank Chef Frank Brigtsen and his staff for the most amazing birthday experience I have ever had at a restaurant.  Spending my 60th birthday away from home and from our small family was a little difficult, but you made us feel like family and we are grateful for to you all.
Of course there was the food, just thinking of the Veal Sweetbreads are making my mouth water, there are no words for them, only that food high you get when something is so delicious that you don't want the experience to end. Everything we had there that night from the seafood to the pork, right up to the delicious strawberry shortcake was spectacular
We truly appreciate all you did and we cannot wait to come back for another delicious meal.Chef Frank Brigtsen is a master of classic Creole cuisine, turning out perfect dining experiences every time we sit at our intimate table for two. He captures the best of old New Orleans while giving an interesting twist to each of the evening's selections. He serves only local, fresh fare from farmers and fishermen in the area. Nothing flown in or frozen for his guests. Always fresh or it isn't served. 
There are so many fabulous dishes it is difficult to recommend only one. But I will say this: If you think you've eaten pecan pie at some point in your life, order a slice for desert and be prepared to taste it for the first time. Personally, I like to sip a Macallan's whisky with mine.GO FOR THE CARAMEL PECAN PIE!!! MmmMMmm.....ok let me wipe my drool and backtrack a bit..
We were driving around looking for a place to have dinner.  Decided last minute to try out Brigtsen's.  We walked in (WITHOUT RESERVATIONS) and asked the hostess if she could accommodate a last minute walk in.  They were packed that Saturday night but she was able to seat us within 5 minutes.  I was pleasantly surprised since we didn't even make reservations!
I love the ambiance and decor of this place..typical New Orleans style! It truly had a sense of Southern Hospitality.  We love our waitress! She was very helpful in her recommendations from the wine selection to starters to dessert.
Our dining experience included:
Turtle Soup: OMGGGG...Hands down the best I've ever had! Turtle soup everywhere else (ie. Palace Cafe : very watery in consistency and where's the actual turtle bits???)  The waitress really persuaded us into trying this soup..raved about the quality.  I'm glad we tried it because it was so awesome!
Pulled Pork with Corn Macque Choux Griddlecake: Very different from anything we tried before..so Yummy!
Entrees:
Broiled Gulf Fish with Crabmeat Parmesan Crust: Came out HOT and delicious! Fish was cooked perfectly and there were huge chuncks of Jumbo Crabmeat on top!
Dessert:
Pecan Pie with Caramel Sauce: This was featured on FOODNETWORK: BEST THING I EVER ATE.  YES! Worth it!  The top crust on this pie is amazing floating in a bath of caramel sauce!  I wonder if I can just place a to go order on the whole pie??!!!...
Another great restaurants that truly makes New Orleans Culinary experience ONE OF A KIND!I thought the food was too rich.  Veggies were soggy and made less healthy by a sauce.  The grits were great and so was the pecan pie.Wonderful meal and attentive staff. Walked in and was greeted by chef. Great suggestions from waitstaff which we did take. Didn't disappoint! We will be back next time in NOLA.Always a favorite, small, friendly, great food. Seafood platter and grilled fish always fantastic. Best pecan pie in town. Get the oyster Rockefeller soup if they have it or whatever bisque is on the menu.My husband and I absolutely love this place -- it is our favorite (we even got engaged here)!  New Orleans is a city full of great restaurants, but if I had to pick one single place to send out of town visitors this is my pick.  If you are "on the fence" about whether it's worth a cab ride from your French Quarter hotel -- just do it because you will not be sorry.  Frank Brigtsen is an incredibly talented chef.  I can honestly say that I have never ordered a single thing here that I didn't absolutely love and I can't think of another restaurant I can say that about.  Tonight for my appetizer I ordered the chanterelle mushroom bisque with crabmeat and I enjoyed it even more than I usually enjoy the rabbit andouille gumbo -- and that's saying something.  Our go-to for dinner is the rabbit with creole mustard cream sauce, though I have tried most things on the menu and they are all amazing.I really really wanted to give Brigsten's five stars.  And then I switched it to four.  And then well...left it there.
This is my second visit to Brigsten's and I love the room.  Love the service.  When is the last time you hugged your waitress on the way out after hearing her stories about escaping New Orleans and they brought the restauarnt back.  And that was after the hostess was ready to hug us on the way in (and not because the place was empty either).
So why not give it five stars?  One thing.  Lack of attention to detail in the food.  A five star restaurnt does not use the same or similar sauce on any dish.  And it never puts the same vegetable (snow peas in some gloppy mix) on two plates.   And after seeing Frank Brigsten earlier that week in a movie about cullinary New Orleans I expected better.
Ah, so close.
And the rest of the meal?
Five stars.
Knockout BBQ shrimp with a rice cake in the middle that was crisped to perfection.  The drum fish perfectly pan fried.  
But what you really get here is the experience.  Is there a nicer group of people working in a restuarant anywhere?  Check the photos and the art on the wall, this is a family and it shows.On my way out of Baton Rouge I spent two nights in New Orleans as I have never been there before.  My first night I chose to try Brigsten's as I read many good reviews.  The compliments were all accurate as I enjoyed every minute of my time there.  The seafood platter was amazing! My colleague had ribs and the rub was unbelieveable.  Kudos to the staff for making this such a relaxing dining environment as well!
Rod Ricciardi
Find-A-DreamMy husband and I ate here for our anniversary.   It was perfect.   The shrimp bisque was delicious and smooth.   The duck boudain egg rolls were different,  crunchy and very tasty.   We had the lamb shank and seafood player for entrees but the best part was the cafe au lait creme brulet!  Oh and ask for Autumn.... she was wonderful!!This is one of the Best restaurants in New Orleans. Even ordinary dishes like rare tuna is turned into a spectacular dish, the best I've ever had!!!Everything on the menu is fantastic and it's always generous portions. It's impossible to leave this place hungry or disappointedOn my last trip to NOLA, I finally was able to stop in at Brigtsen's. We had reservations for 8:15 and we arrived around 7:30. The hostess was very friendly and told us to have a seat and they would try and go ahead and seat us. About 10 minutes later we had our table. Our waitress was very, very friendly. We ordered a bottle of champagne (it was my birthday dinner) and decided to split the Rabbit Tenderloin with Andouille Parmesan Grits Cake, Spinach, & Creole Mustard Sauce. This is quite possibly the best thing I have ever eaten. The Rabbit was not greasy, even though it is fried, and the grit cake had just the right amount of spice. For entrees, we had the special, which was flounder in a butter pecan meuniere sauce, and the seafood platter, which is a sampling of various items, of which none are fried. As I did not write down what each and every item was, I cannot give details on what was on the seafood platter that night (it changes often), but the Shrimp Cornbread with Jalapeño Smoked Corn Butter was on it and it was out of this world. We were full, but we were told by our waitress that Pecan Pie with Caramel Sauce was not to be missed. Prior to receiving our pie, they sprinkled Happy Birthday confetti on our table as we had told them we were celebrating my birthday. The pie came out with a lone candle and is possibly the best pecan pie I have ever had, and with the members in my family, that is really saying something. All in all, I have since recommended Brigtsen's to a number of people as the food was fantastic and the atmosphere is wonderful and distinctly New Orleans.Several visits here have been rewarded with celestial food.  If the Tournadoes of Beef are on the menu, ORDER THEM.  This is a must-go on our annual visits to New Orleans.  We look forward to our next one.Great food, small place is the best way to describe Brigtsen's. One of my favorite pre-Katrina spots, I've only dined there a couple of times since but both were excellent. 
This converted house is cozy and not overly decorated. However, Chef Frank Brigsten's menu is very creative and every dish is a joy to eat (I love to order the duck!). Wine list could use some updating though...Awesome restaurant, my parents took me here for my birthday and I really enjoyed it.This restaurant was the evening meal of the Perfect Day in New Orleans for me.
I had the softshell crab appetizer and it was incredible. My main course was rabbit, breaded and coated with sesame seeds. I'd never had either before and it was delicious. My boyfriend had been here twice before and of all the places we ate he ranted and raved about this place, getting me all psyched up. I was not disappointed.
You'd be a fool to pass this place up.
Pecan pie was OK, but by then who cared? I'd just had a foodgasm.
Go, eat, enjoy.I was taken here by a European colleague and his friends from the EU. Reservations were made a month in advanced. I see why it's important to! The restaurant is situated in a shotgun New Orleans home with several cozy, comfortable rooms and a still fine dining appeal. This may be one of my favorite places to dine in New Orleans for a special occasion. I was told the rule was Brigsten's dinner overflow goes to Dante's Kitchen, also a great place particularly for brunch. The Butternut Shrimp Bisque is absolutely amazing. I had the Roasted Duck with Dirty Rice, Tart Dried Cherry Sauce & Pink-Eyed Peas. Excellent. Definitely try all restaurants in this area!SOOO GOOD!!!
We were in NOLA for a conventions and was referred by a mutual friend.  Decide to try to try it out that night...Boy am I glad we did.  I'm not a huge "creole" fan so I was reluctant.  I can't speak more highly of the place.  This is an old house that was converted and the dinning rooms are "rooms" consisting of about about 8 tables each.  Very charming.  The wait staff was very polite and helpful.  I started with a Cosmo, I'm very picky on my Cosmo's, and it was one of THE BEST i've had!!  For dinner the Cochon du Lait with Cornbread Dressing, Natural Pan Gravy & Cracklins was suggested...WOW!!!!  It was delicious!  We just had to try dessert... got the highly recommended Banana Bread Pudding, it did not let me down!
If you are in the area and looking for an off the beatin path place with charm and great food...THIS IS IT.The New Orleans Restaurant Association organizes a very "cool" event during the month of August - COOLinary! Everyone can and should take advantage of the prefix $20 lunches & $35 dinners offered by historic establishments and trendy new dining spots alike. Opening stated- this review is a reflection of the COOLinary prefix dinner option and not of the establishments regularly offered menu.
Friday night date night with my fellow and we want good eats that don't break the bank. After narrowing down which neighborhood in which to have dinner and exploring the COOLinary options,  we mutually decided on Brigtsen's- a restaurant that's been around for some time and has a well established reputation. 
Upon arriving at the traditional shotgun style residence turned restaurant,  we were greeted warmly by the hostesses and asked if we had a reservation.  Opps! No reservation, but that is no problem for a party of 2 during the slow season. Brigtsen's has 3 (perhaps 4) two tops located in the entry hall dedicated to non-reservation diners. We were fortunate that a couple was completing their dinner and we only had to wait 15 or fewer minutes. Tip: make a reservation. Unless there was a last minute cancellation for a large party, it's doubtful they'd be able to accommodate.  
Our table, located in the hall running the length of the property, was cozy. We loved watching the staff pass with others entrees,  we enjoyed the old school painted wallpaper decoration, and *SO important* we could enjoy our dinner and company at a comfortable volume.  The acoustics from music & other diners was not too loud at all! Literally,  it was music to my ears :-)
My fellow enjoyed a crisp glass of the house chardonnay and we munched on French bread with the best. butter. ever. as we awaited or meal selections. 
Y'all, the BBQ shrimp salad with housemade tortilla chips was the best salad I'd ever ordered!  The outstanding salad was followed by drum fish lightly blacked,  layered with jumbo lump crab meat, and smothered with a not too heavy butter based sauce. A side of locally sourced summer veggies was an delicious addition to the main course. For dessert we savored each nibble of the Lemon Ice Box Creme Brulee! I rounded out my dinner with a cup of pipping hot coffee (with chickory, of course!). 
Brigtsen's had never been on my long and ever growing list of New Orleans restaurants I've desired to dine at, but it's solidified itself as a great dining option located in a slice of iconic architecture with attentive, friendly service and, most importantly, supurb food.
Bravo, Brigtsen's you do it all right!We celebrated our 1st Wedding Anniversary here and truly enjoyed it.  The Veal Sweet Bread Appetizer was very good & full of flavor. I had a Lemon Drop Martini & my love had Scotch...neat. Drinks were on point. He had some sort of Brisket Soup with Vegetables for his dinner. I had the famous Seafood Platter and  even though the portions are small, there was a lot of food on that plate.  After the bread, appetizer and Entree, I regret that I did not have room for dessert. They had some glittery confetti on the table in celebration of our Anniversary,  which was a nice & much appreciated  touch.  With the candles & small tables, this little converted home is very warm, cozy & romantic, which was perfect for our special occasion.Easily one of my top 10 meals that I've ever had (and that's a HUGE compliment since I travel   all over the world and consequently eat out a lot).  There's a very clear reason why the chef is a James Beard award winner - his food is awesome and insanely imaginative.  He even comes out into the dining room every so often just to talk to his customers and make sure they're happy.  I had the Seafood Platter and it was amazing - great flavors, textures, seasoning; the cafe au lait creme brulee is fantastic as well.   Simply amazing!  Avoid the tourist throngs in the Quarter and go there.  Its worth your while.Our 5F crew (Fourth Friday for Friends and Foodies) went to Brightens.  Top notch customer service.  Gotta say the seafood platter was just ok for me, other crew members enjoyed.  Just seemed a little unnecessarily over pricey.  But great atmosphere, we didn't feel rushed, until we needed to be nudged with a move it along ladies.  Overall we give it a 4F's.The food here was very good but the service was rather off-putting and we will not return as a result.
We made a reservation for 8pm on a Saturday, arrived on time, but were not seated until almost 8:30. There isn't a bar at which to wait, so we chose to stand outside rather than be cramped in a hallway behind the host stand next to people eating their dinners. The restaurant is in a converted house so I understand not having a bar, but it felt a bit extreme to make a two-top wait 25-30 minutes for a table when a reservation had been made.
Once seated our waitress explained the Coolinary menu and a few of their specialties. She also told us that she didn't have a section so if we saw her rushing around all over the place that we shouldn't worry and we'll surely be taken care of. As my fiance and I both work in the industry we found this a bit odd, but hey, whatever works. Unfortunately for us, it didn't work so well. We found the service to feel rather pushy and rushed. I'm not sure if this is because they were trying to flip our table quickly, or if it is simply a product of servers here not having sections.  It seemed like none of the employees were on the same page; as a result we were asked multiple times if we were done with items when we were not, and this made things feel hurried and not at all relaxing.
 As mentioned the food was good but I found it to be a bit salty. My fiance, however, had no issues with the saltiness of the dishes, and we shared everything that was ordered. We got the BBQ shrimp to start and split the grouper entree and seafood stuffed eggplant, the latter coming from the Coolinary menu. I did appreciate that we could order a dish from the Coolnary menu a la cart. We did not order dessert and we split a bottle of wine during the meal. 
At this point I would have given Brigtsen's four stars but everything from this point forward was incredibly problematic. Upon paying we left $35 cash and a credit card. Someone scooped up the bill and we didn't have a chance to explain that the cash should go toward the bill, not the tip (again an issue with not having a dedicated server). When they returned we opened the bill fold to see that they took the cash as tip rather than applying it to the bill. No big deal. We waived someone over, explained what happened, but rather than saying that they would make the change the woman tried to tell us that it would be better to not re-run the card. She preferred to give us the cash back. We told her that we didn't want to do that and after a brief conversation in which she made it clear we were inconveniencing her, she agreed to re-run the card for the right amount. Again, minor but a bit annoying. 
We signed the slip, left $25 cash for tip and left. About five minutes later we got a phone call from who we believed to be the hostess who said that we failed to leave gratuity. My fiance calmly explained that we wrote cash in the tip line and left $25. The employee said something about the cash being applied toward the tax and that we still owed gratuity, which neither of us understood. Again, we both work in the restaurant industry and were blown away that 1) they could not seem to understand that we left cash and 2) that they had the gall to call us after leaving the restaurant. My fiance explained again the transactions at the end of the meal including the issue with the $35 initially not being applied to the bill, and then got off of the phone. 
About five minutes later the server called us back to apologize profusely saying that the tip had been put into the bartender's tip jar but the person who did it had not said anything to the rest of the staff. Again, this comes back to the issue of having too many hands on one table rather than a point person to avoid any potential confusion. 
For us, it was a shame that the service overshadowed the food at Brigtsen's. We are pretty understanding people but for such a well-regarded restaurant we found the front of the house to be very poorly run. I wonder if the chef is aware of such potential problems. According to the other reviews it does seem that we just happened to catch them on a bad night, so perhaps our experience is not indicative of the restaurant generally, but we will not return.Frank and the team just celebrated their 28th year open after Frank left Paul Prudhomme in the 1980's. This is a warm and cozy elegant spot with excellent New Orleans dishes. Frank cooks most nights and you have to try the Shell Beach diet at least once. One of my favorite regular spots in nola!Ate here for the first time ever last night, and it lived up to everything I'd heard it was.  Delicious food, amazing waitstaff, great atmosphere, loved it.  Will definitely be going back.  Try to seafood platter and shrimp bisque, they're simply fantastic!I'm only going to rate the food and drink. The service was subpar but I for one am willing to deal with ok service for great food. 
Lets start with the drinks. My wife had a glass of wine. I had cocktails. The wine was just standard house wine. However my cocktails were $11 of little or no alcohol albeit tasty. 
The gumbo. My wife said it was good while I thought it was mediocre. In fact my comment was I've had better gumbo in NJ. The northeast does not have good Cajun so make of that what you may. 
Entrees. So everyone raves about the seafood platter. My wife got it. I got the snapper with truffled crabmeat. Lets start with the seafood platter. It should be called the bread platter. It was two heavily breaded oysters with cornbread. Squash with breading. A breaded fritter. It also had a perfectly cooked piece of mahi mahi with two shrimp but that was the exception to the rule. Really!!! That's a 1 star dish. I learned later that the discrepancy between our experience and that of others is that the "seafood platter" changes night to night. 
My snapper with crabmeat was pretty poor. Lets breakdown the dish. Veggies, fish, potatoes. Veggies were completely under seasoned. Needed salt badly. Potatoes were perfectly cooked and tasty had they not been a salt lick. I guess that's supposed to make up for the unsalted veggies. The fish was well cooked but waitress told us its got lots of crabmeat. It does not. And she said she hates truffles but this is lightly used. I love truffles but this was overwhelming. I'm not sure if I had fish. It could have been anything. The subtle flavors of red snapper was no match for the overdone truffles. 
I loved Dante's across the street. Oh well you win some you lose some.What a tremendous restaurant; a true gem! Everything about our visit was superb from the cocktails to the wine to the absolutely delicious food!  Most of all, the management and staff made us feel so welcome. Our server Mary was probably one of the best servers we've ever met.DELICIOUS! Every single thing we ordered can be described as delicious, AUTHENTIC NOLA cuisine, & flavorful served with the friendliest customer service. We tried the gumbo & Butternut bisque. Both were amazing & the flavor was surprising. Don't mistake BBQ with their BBQ shrimp. It is a completely different style and definitely worth eating. You may want to get a couple orders, so you can have that entire appetizer to yourself! Save room for the duck. This is their house specialty. Ask them to describe the way they prepare it. No flavorful detail is spared! Last but not least, we had the pecan pie -A MUST- and their nightly special dessert. I forgot the exact name, but it was a "pineapple up-side-down cake" bread pudding with piña colada sauce. WOW!