Scored a Groupon to check this place out while traveling; I'm here at 1pm on a Thurs and there are no other diners. I'm not sure why--the food and service are BANGING. The space is large and comfortable, upscale industrial; the fried eggplant and burger are so delicious it is almost sinful. Prices are standard for NOLA (burger $15). This is one of the most delicious meals I've ever had--get yourself there and be hungry when you arrive! A+Congratulations to Chef Hosie! Amazing food and wonderful dining experience. Will definitely revisit soon.The mercantile staff gave us a ticket for a glass of wine and the ratings were good, so we ate here. Excellent staff and food. My only complaint is that I ate here the last night.  If I'd known this was so good, I would have eaten here the first and last night!! Fish was fresh, wines were appropriately priced and served in a decanter. The fish was fresh and the blackened recipe made a hesitant selection become a mouthwatering choice.Even if you are not staying near the Convention Center, please do yourself a favor and book reservations for dinner at Briquette! We are from the Gulf Coast, and we KNOW good seafood and steaks. We had no idea we were in for one of our top five meals ever this trip to New Orleans, but it was a perfect meal, start to finish. We started with the delicious crab cake with corn relish and wine, then continued to entrees that were just superlative. Husband had the NY Strip, which arrived with a perfect char and truly medium rare. I followed our excellent waiter's recommendation and had the redfish on the half shell. I really don't have words. It was the best redfish we've ever eaten (yes, I had to share bites)--every forkful better than the previous. Moist, perfect seasoning, not too salty, crawfish on top. It was just perfect. After the home run of the redfish, I sought the waiter's opinion on dessert, too--and my mind was blown again. Floating Island? Who the heck offers that these days? It was a deliciously light poached meringue surrounded by creme anglaise, shattered caramel, fresh berries, and just a touch of whipped cream. Seriously. Who offers treasures like that these days? And the service, was old-school New Orleans at its finest. Professional, always there when needed (or right before!), never hovering. A delight--the whole night. Ask for Jackie!Was staying at the Mercantile Hotel for trade show,  down the block from this restaurant that just opened last week. After being on our feet all day we didn't feel like going far, so we looked in their window, liked what we saw and asked to view  the menu. That sold us.
With a heavy seafood orientation, I found the flavor combinations divine on my shrimp with cilantro & gnocchi in an inspired creamy sauce. The trout ordered by my companion was cooked to perfection.
The room is large and comfortable, the wine selection ample and the wait staff very accommodating.I had an incredible meal here. I got the fried red fish special, which was just an amazing hunk of a whole fried fish. Crispy skin with super tender and juicy meat inside. 
The owner was a very nice jovial man. Definitely recommend supporting this restaurant.Great Food and service.  Redfish outstanding!!! Beautiful inside. Cauliflower Pompano
Surprising!!!I can't say enough about the experience we had here, the owner AJ took us on a tour and showed us different cuts of meat and shared different types of flavors. The fish was so fresh. The food was incredible. We had kale salad with anchovies (omg), oysters, and red snapper (holy crap!)
The environment was great!Excellent restaurant!  Attentive staff and great food. The owner AJ Tusa checked in multiple times and added to the experience. I highly recommend making a reservation the next time you are in New OrleansI had the red fish with fried green tomatoes and shrimp. It was delicious. The atmosphere was great - a good place to people watch. I was a solo diner but there were couples on dates families and what appeared to be a Birthday celebration all going on. Nice decor. Service was good up to the end trying to get my check took forever.Dismally disappointed.  Went here with my wife and friends for wife's bday on White Linen night.  We had a reservation.  The restaurant was maybe 1/5 full when arrived.  We sat for 5-10 minutes without so much as an acknowledgment from a server.  We flagged one down.  
The service was not good.  We ordered.  10 minutes later we were told they were out of the oysters we ordered.  Why did that take 10 minutes?  We reordered.  Much later, we got our appetizer.  Much, much later, after the app, my wife was no longer hungry - we had been there a pretty long time at that point.  And it wasn't clever timing of the courses.  I couldn't believe it with the restaurant maybe peaking at 1/3 capacity.  
By the time we got our food, we were not in a good mood.  I didn't feel like my fish was great, seemed over salted.  But then again, the night had already been ruined, so no telling.  My wife literally didn't have a bite of her main; so no telling there either.
We refer to this experience as the "meal that won't be mentioned..." Maybe they were having an off night or maybe this is the normal.  I don't know.  But it doesn't seem worth the risk to me of trying again.Not good. Showed a up for our reservation at 9:00 Sunday when Saints played a home game and the city had plenty of potential customers  and we were the only customers in the restaurant. So you would think the chef would take his/her to make a great meal. Both of our fish meals were tough and overcooked. Way overpriced for what we got. Stay away!Food: 4 Stars
Service: 0 Stars 
Group of 5 on a Saturday night. Last minute reservation. Food ended up being quite good. Lots of great seafood prepared either whole or as filets. 
That's about the only positive. The waiter showed up at first with one menu and said he couldn't find any others even though the place was less than half busy. His manager fixed that. Water glasses were frequently empty to the point that it was easier to just walk to the bar ourselves. Were we supposed to get bread--it was impossible to find our waiter to find out. 
The good food was marred by really lousy service. Wouldn't head back anytime soon.We stopped by last night and were impressed with the kindness of the manager and his desire to help us even with a recommendation for a place to have breakfast today.  Nick told me about his restaurant's pork chop that I had tonight and he was right.  I was sorry that I was leaving town tomorrow because I would go back to Briquette for lunch or dinner almost every day and it was affordable.This is a really good restaurant. The food is prepared perfect price is good atmosphere is romantic service is superb.  I had pork tenderloin which was prepared to perfection. I would recommend to all. Price is affordableOur first time here, Beef Tenderloin Po' Boy was excellent and went well with the Rosemary Fries.  The Crab Cake was also very good.  Very good service!  Next time we are back in NOLA we will visit again!My family went here and we overall liked the food. Some of It seemed overpriced for what it was, like the crab bisque and desserts. We were never served any water until halfway the appetizers came and we had to ask for water and again for a refill. My father ordered the market fish which he loved, but the side of potatoes that came with it didnt come till after he was done eating and they were extremely oily. The steak and fish were great and the place is nice, just needs some revamping.We chose this restaurant for a graduation celebration. Sorry to say it was really disappointing.  It started out well; beautiful restaurant, nice table, nice waitress, interesting menu.  The appetizers were really good.  For my main courses i had the red fish with green fried tomatoes; the fish was a bit tough and the tomatoes were a greasy battered  pancake . I tried the salmon with seaweed salad and rice and it was really good. The desserts were a total failure! After  being almost rushed through our meal (they brought out the main courses while half of us were still having our appetizers), took almost an hour for the desserts to come.  The plantains were hard, bread pudding beignets nothing to speak of,  and the coffee (both the decaf and regular)was lukewarm and weak. $1,050.00 later we left, pretty disappointed. With all the fantastic choices in Nola, I'd say "skip this one".We were pleasantly surprised. The service and ambiance was wonderful. My husband said the scallops were some of the best he'd ever had. My snapper was very tasty. Great portion size for both. Gumbo was great too. It's hard with so many great places to choose from but we'll definitely be back!We dined at Briquette on New Years Eve and the immediate reaction by all was "this restaurant is not ready".  Perhaps on a slower night, things would have been different but the service was really terrible - The waiters were inexperienced and lacked energy.  Our appetizers took an hour to arrive; drinks took 30 minutes; and the food was overall very average.
I'd be willing to try again - after a few months of them trying to figure it out - but, the staff immensely lacked urgency and that begins with the gentleman named Nick who was clearly in over his head - the head of service staff.  The oysters were bad; the steaks were fine; the fish was too fishy and this is all after waiting waaay too long.Very good food and service. Pork chop was delicious and the New York Steak was grilled to perfection and very tender.
We also enjoyed the Lodi Zinfandel.If you're nearby for lunch, please make sure to get the Rich Boy sandwich. The beef is seared to perfection - it is hands down the best po-boy I've had in the past 10 years.Upscale seafood spot in the CBD.  Not bad but definitely not great.  Here's the breakdown.  
Food:
Fried cornbread: complimentary.  It's ok.  
Lobster tamale:  also ok.  Heavy on the tamale and light on lobster.  They put an egg on it, which I like, but it was too many flavors that did not blend well.  
Oysters:  I do not remember the name of the dish exactly but it was basically charbroiled oysters.  2/5.  I forgot the details but I remember there was one left between the three of us and no one was enthusiastic about grabbing it.
Gumbo: very decent.  Some of the seafood got overcooked in the rue.  But the rue had a very nice flavor.  I slightly impressed.
Red Snapper: served whole.  We added tarragon butter on the side.  Very nice preparation.  Beautiful piece of fish cooked perfectly.  Tarragon butter was a nice addition.  
Tres Leches Cheese Cake:  Cake was decent but the icing was too thick and not sweet enough for me.  3/5
Foie Gras something dessert:  The ice cream from creole creamery was the best part.  Sweet and savory.  I can see this dessert being polarizing particularly if you do not like foie gras.  
Food overall gets a 3/5.  Most of the fare was mediocre with the exception of our snapper and my gumbo.  
The service has lots of room for improvement.  Everyone was attentive, but there was a lot of inexperience.  It felt like a lot of interruptions.  Wait staff needs to work on quick, efficient meaningful encounters without being disruptive.  Still, people were polite.  Growing pains for a new restaurant are expected.
Ambiance was nice.  Very open floor plan with easy viewing into the kitchen.  Seafood is on display which I think is very cool.  Upscale feel, maybe a little trendy.  A few words about the plates.  They are terrible.  Silverware keeps sliding off the sides.  I never thought much about a restaurant plate until Briquette.  
Overall, the restaurant was ok but not good enough to warrant a repeat visit.Went to eat with a group of 7, seated us quickly. Reservation was at 6:30- very few people there, but started filling up quickly. Nice menu, good wine selection. Server was very personable, nice view of the kitchen so you could watch the chefs. We all ordered different dishes. Started with oyster appetizers, beautifully presented with rock salt on the plate. A few orders of the crab bisque and the soup de' jour- large servings of soup, although the bisque was very different, good flavor( a little spicy). Main courses were varied, all were pleased- from snapper to scallops. The star of the show,however, were the pomme frites- which were several varieties of potatoes, they were seasoned and cooked to perfection! Crisp on the outside, soft on the inside- we all loved them. desserts were also shared- king cake with cheesecake ice cream- was ok, but cake was dry, not much filling- ice cream was delicious. Friend had the beniets and said they were good. Very delicious meal overall- would definitely recommend this oneThe visit started off well--hostess was very nice and seated us in a timely fashion. Had a problem with our server, but the owner/manager resolved the problem very amicably and was highly receptive to our feedback regarding the server.  All in all a very nice atmosphere and the food was quite good.I enjoyed a fantastic meal here. The server was very informative and on point. We did have to wait a long time to get water and start the process, but it did not take away from my enjoyment of the meal. I had the charred kale salad and the scallop appetizer, delish. Lovely drinks. I will be back!!What a great find. The owner has done a fantastic job in turning this old molasses factory into a beautiful restaurant. I got a guided tour of the kitchen, which is super modern and very well designed. They cure their own salmon in gin which tasted unique and super good. They have anchovies imported from Italy which I loved. The olive tapenade was to die for. I had the snapper Ponchartrain which was excellent. They also have an extensive wine showcase and an open kitchen. Would highly recommend this place and will be back for the whole fish.Briquette is attractive to walk into, well designed, and our welcome there was fine.  But I'm inclined to re-read "Confederacy of Dunes" after dining there, for the descriptions of indolence and incompetence in that book are hard to rival.  Our server performed so badly on every conceivable scale that I imagined I was in a satirical play.   Who in their right mind would hire a person so totally unprepared for service?  The food was fine, maybe even good, but the mixture of rude indifference that our server embodied made this my worst dining experience of the last few years.  As comedy the night was a success.We came here on a Saturday night and were treated to some wonderful food -- probably, the best we have had in several years. The owner, AJ, visits every table and will gladly show the kitchen if asked. That would not, itself, make this place so special; rather, it was the quality and quantity of the food and drink. The wine was served in generous quantities at a very reasonable price; also, the Sazerac Old Fashioned was excellent. However, the best thing was the food. We had the Oysters -- both Rockefellor & Bienville -- as appetizers and they were excellent. The seafood that we had for the main meal -- both the Halibut and the Blackened Redfish -- were delicious and generously portioned. Another person at our table had a wonderful and very large pork meal. We didn't have room for desert, but didn't mind!Delicious red fish on the half shell; excellent steak, strong drinks, good service, and the owner chatted us up. All around good experience!Was going to another restaurant last night and happened to stumble upon this place and decided to try it. 
It was superb. 
Parking is difficult in this area sometimes, but they have valet services, so there's no excuse not to go. 
Our server was very friendly, and the chef even came out to see how our meal was. 
Go here! Eat the food! It was amazing.well,  just gotta say,  for a slow Monday night, I felt like we were a bother for a slow Monday night.    We saw great reviews,  and our food was fantastic,  but,  slow,  screwed up,  and delayed.   Treat this as a one off...because I think this could be a great restaurant.... so try them.... but I have to be honest,  didn't feel the love with 8 people,  and 800 dollars.... not cool.Had a wonderful meal the best in new orleans,definitely will be going back soon maybe tomorrow,the staff is great food incredible, and cocktails to die for, i had the red fish and scallops for the appetizer, anthony and anna (the owners) work so hard to make everyone happy, the dont need to because the is so good!Food was 5 stars. Service only 3 stars. Highly recommend the halibut and red fish. Not a kid friendly joint. They have kids seats but no kids menus. We ordered pasta for our kids and our waited forgot to put it in for them.Delicious and creative  combinations. Service was slow so hopefully that will improve. Definitely plan to go back.Truly Amazing Evening
My business partner and I were in New Orleans for a meeting and had dinner at Briquette on a Wednesday evening.  The  space is very handsome and the greeting was warm.  The food was extremely good (pork dish, beef tournedos, scallops) and we were quite pleased with our dining experience.  However, we didn't realize that the evening's experience was just about to begin. We got to talking to AJ, the owner of Briquette and several other New Orleans dining spots.  As the restaurant was closing, he asked if he and his wife could drive us to our hotel.  On our drive to the hotel AJ took us for the most amazing tour of New Orleans which I could have imagined.  It was clear that he loves the city as much as he loves the restaurant business. This was one of those evenings you never forget.  Nor will forget the food and hospitality of Briquette.The room is spacious and attractive, with original beams and exposed brick and large lovely windows. You can see into the wine caves and the kitchen which is kind of fun. The seared sea scallops and goat cheese grits appetizer was outstanding-- I should have gotten 2 for dinner! The seared salmon was also quite good; one of my companions said he would remember that fish as one of the best he has had. The Key West daiquiri cocktail was also delicious; only the Paloma was a disappointment. If you are not a beignet purist try the bread pudding ones for dessert called it an inspired combination and the best fo both worlds, and having stolen a bite I am inclined to agree.1st Night Dining here with my family and we will most definitely be back. The service was wonderful and the food is to die for. The New Chef is going to put this restaurant on the map for places to visit while in New Orleans! If you go, you MUST try the scallops, they will melt in your mouth!Odd ambiance. Very beautifully decorated but not a lot of people.  A little pricey for what the offer. Everything we had was really good though. We just wished it was a little more upbeat. We had some appetizers and a drink and left.  Not a great hang out place.The food was awful.  The smoky kale salad was something between liquid smoke and pan grease from someone else's steak.  The bisque was heavy and light on the crab and certainly not worth $11.  Finally the lamb shank had a slight freezer burn taste. It was on a bed of angel hair pasta that tasted like Chef Boyardee. I should have known when they didn't have draft beer.Tried this last night for dinner and the food was good. I highly recommend the flavorful flat bread. The seafood soup could use a bit more spice. Servers were enthusiastic, though still building their knowledge.  Overall worth a tryMajor disaster. 2 hour wait for dinner once seated. Can't even discuss the food, they need to get their act together quickly if they want to survive in the food capital of NOLA.  Service a zero.Everything was delicious and the service was outstanding. Booked a client dinner here, mostly because it was walking distance from our hotel and they treated us like we'd rented the place out. Gave a tour of the kitchen before seating us, that earned us big points with the clients. Gave us alot of history about the building (an old Molasses factory) and sent out complimentary amuse-bouche from the chef. We all enjoyed our entrees but the best part was dessert. We had a table of six so we ordered one of each of the six items on the menu and had a hard time picking a favorite. Will be back and will recommend to anyone I know that's travelling to New Orleans.The food was dry and not good at all. The only thing worse than the food was the service. Huge gap (at least an hour) between appetizers and dinner service. Empty glasses with no attention from the waitress who then tried to charge an auto gratuity for 5 people. Just not worthy of our time or money.  New Orleans demands much more of its restaurants. This place will not make it.Food ok. Service awful. Went with a group of 10 while attending a conference. Food was ok. Not great. Service was lacking in everything. Didn't give us water. We had the ask....twice. Food delivered in shifts over 20 minutes. Never refilled drinks or asked if we wanted anything from the bar. Then he doubled orders on every other ticket. Didn't offer dessert. I could go on...and on.We had a MOST delightful dinner at Briquette. The owner was so welcoming and the service was only eclipsed by the service and attention to detail!  You could not help but feel like you had discovered THE place to show off a true New Orleans's gem to family and friends and especially out of town guests!  We will go back again and again!  
The food was FABULOUS!I give high marks for decor, but so-so at best for food and service.  Our waiter was thoroughly indifferent.  I think he uttered 5 words the entire time while taking our order and serving the meal.  The food was OK, although the plantain mash served as a side with some entrees was excessively sweet.Terrible service. Terrible management. Terrible food. This place will be closed by the end of the year.  Save your money.My wife & I took my parents here for their 50th Anniversary.What an excellent choice.Great atmosphere,service & our apps & entrees were all delicious.The lamb shank was cooked perfectly as well as my filet.The halibut & red snapper dishes were delectable,large portions.Extensive wine list & cocktails.Overall,a wonderful experience.Will be going back soon.Can't even imagine not rating this restaurant highly. I eat in a lot of cities. There is a lot of love evident in this restaurant. Attractive open floor plan, friendly and attentive staff and owner. The gratis pate appetizer was a great start, and the food - perfectly cooked steelhead and swordfish mains married beautifully and thoughtfully with respective accompaniments. High quality stuff at a really fair price point. One of the best meals we have had all year. Highly recommended.What a lovely evening here. We just happened to walk by this restaurant on our way back from our hotel. I'm so glad we found it.  Dinner was superb. We both had fish dishes and they were excellent. Wine list had excellent choices and was reasonably priced. We skipped desert because we were full, but from what we saw they looked great. I highly recommend this place. We also ate at other highly rated restaurants in the same area and this place is right up there with them.This new spot certainly exceeded all expectations (which are always high in NoLa).  
The house bread = fried cornbread with gravy alone is worth the visit.  
Excellent spot to share everything off the apps menu and finish with some a la carte fish.  Up and down the menu we enjoyed it all!We come to NOLA every year to basically spend a few days eating and trying new things.  Briquette was on our list and we were very much looking forward to it based on menu.  Unfortunately this was by far our worst stop in our 3 days. 
 Service was absolutely awful.  I understand it's a fairly new restaurant but shouldn't take 40 minutes for someone to bring water. After 1 hour and 45 minutes  we got our appetizers.  Needless to say we were there for almost 3 hours overall.
As for the food it was what I would call average.  My entree was probably the worst of the 4.  Asked for my steak medium rare....it was well done.  In a restaurant like this you need to be able to do steak correctly at a very minimum.  
Gave 2 stars simply because owner seemed to care but by the time he got over to ask about everything we were just ready to go.We came here for a team dinner.  There was 12 of us.  Restaurant was incredibly loud and we couldn't hear each other from across the table.  We had to lean in to our neighbors to hear them talk.  Service was very slow.  We had to ask for bread and when they brought us the bread, they brought us 12 little rolls.  You have to be kidding me.  Then one of our people asked for more bread and they brought one roll.  Took us over an hour for the entire table to get served.  The food is good, but no worth the long wait and poor service.  Another observation is the chef in charge of grilling the fish handles the food with his bare hands.  What the heck, hav my in
en't they heard of gloves?  Maybe this is acceptable in New Orleans, but would never fly in a city with a health department.  With all the choices in New Orleans, I would go elsewhere.  At the end of the meal she gave dessert menus to everyone, but the three of us at the end of the table.  Never did she offer to refill my water until I completely emptied my water glass.  Guess customer service isn't in their vocabulary.  Probably since they were going to automatically get a tip added to our bill, it isn't important to treat us like valued customers.Sat at the bar and had a great dinner!  Wonderful service by the bartender on duty, Bobby.  He made great drink suggestions and wine pairings for dinner.  Had the kale caesar and then seafood pasta, both awesome!! A beautiful space in a really cool part of town, great service food and drink.  Will be back when in town again!We stopped in by fate. We had other  reservations with friends somewhere else so only had time for an appetizer. 
This is a beautifully appointed restaurant with excellent service. They offered a complimentary pulled pork pate with crostini appetizer served over slaw and spicy brown mustard which was heavenly.  Think of a deconstructed charcuterie. Very creative presentation. 
We ordered the crab cake appetizer-warm flaky, perfectly seasoned, beautiful presentation over two tasty sauces. I deliberately slowed down to eat so that I could savor every bite. 
The owner, Anthony, was so sweet to meet us at the door and thank us for stopping by. We will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.Service and food were very bad.
At one point a different tables food was brought to us.
The server seemed to be learning how to open a wine bottle as he did it.
The steak was meant to be rare and instead was medium to well done.
Our water glasses were empty from the time they brought the food until we received the check.
The spinach that came with the steak legitimately tasted like burned rubber. I don't even know how it was possible to create this flavor.
Otherwise, the space is nice.The seafood here is so fresh, cooked to perfection and was served in massive portions. Loved the oysters (we tried both preparations offered on the menu) the appetizer special of savory seafood crepes was inspired and delightful. Our server Amanda was awesome and took us on a wonderful culinary journey of New Orleans. I had the Red fish and my companion had the Porgy (?) One of my top ten favorite meals ever!Nice ambiance. Nice bartender. Nice margarita. I enjoyed the pink light way too much. Lmbo. A really nice calm bar. There's a food restaurant attached but I was in the mood to drink. I enjoyed the selection of liquors they offered.  Can't go wrong really. Pretty nice firba happy hour joint.Excellent service, amazing food, and the a great wine list! The crabmeat bisque or seafood gumbo is a great start, followed by the fish of the evening .. or the filet mignon! The lunch menu is also just as great.Catfish Decatur was amazing, moscato delicious and waiter was exceptional! I will definitely go again!We went here based on awards and reviews.  Gumbo was good.  But the steak was so salty it was inedible.   Guess it was my bad for ordering steak at a seafood place.  Wife enjoyed her salmon.It could have a perfect dinner and a 5 star experience because food was absolutely delicious and it was a great atmosphere but... we had the wrong waiter.... he didn't guide us correctly with menu and was all but warm. Too bad...
Great fish though!A nice location in the Warehouse District. The crayfish bisque & mussels were a great way to start. The red snapper with lump crab & hollandaise sauce with sautéed green beans & mixed potatoes were fabulous! A really nice Chateau Blaignan Medoc bottle of wine was a really good compliment to our meal. The meal was so good the Uber driver had to pick us up from inside the restaurant! Cheers...I loved this restaurant. It was our last stop before we left New Orleans and I am so happy that we decided to try it out. We went for happy hour and the bartender was excellent. After a few too many drinks we decided to have dinner. I got the lamb shank puttanesca and my friend got pasta with Alfredo and vegetables (he's vegetarian). We both agree that dinner was amazing!!!So disappointed. Restaurant is overpriced for the service and quality. The restaurant is beautiful with great artwork. This is the only good thing about it.  New Orleans is about hospitality and the service and management have neither. Snapper was salty. Two people order same entree and both came out with different portion sizes. Server tried to add automatic tip with a table of 5, but policy states table of 6, sneaky. Our water was never refreshed and we were never offered bread.
There are many restaurants in New Orleans which you don' mind paying top dollar, but this one is not one of them. It was Friday, the 13th. Unfortunately, 1st impressions are lasting impressions.Fantastic Chef.  Great creations and flavors.  Great service.  Restaurant is beautiful.  Artwork perfectly suited to the theme.  Restaurant is very loud.   Difficult to enjoy of you have hearing issues or hearing aids.  I'm not hearing impaired but Im familiar with the struggle.  My husband and I struggled to converse during our meal.the food was good but the service was terrible. Sat and waited for ever and had to get a drink at the bar before a server showed up. The server was nice but there are better places in NOLAComfortable seating with ample space between tables and service feels very personalized. Decor of rustic original bricks and huge wood columns with a wine cellar of great selections. Wall to wall bar with plenty of seats and easy viewing of the games. 
Fast and efficient service with ready explanations of what's in each dish to make your choosing even easier. 
Appetizers, salads, soups, seafood, steaks, desserts all to make sure you leave with a smile knowing you picked the right place for great memories.Service great food meh... wayyyyyy overpriced and no ambience at all.... very loud eatery will not return.... food was ok thats itThis place has terrible service would not even comp and of the ticket even though took 2 hours to get entrees save your moneyThe soup was lukewarm, probably because it had been dumped into a cold bowl. The fish was a little dry. The dining room isn't particularly inviting. 
For the price, go to The Pelican Club instead.Great atmosphere, love the open kitchen concept, it was neat being able to watch the dinner preparations through the glass. Our waiter, Darrell, was very attentive and had great suggestions. We had the blackened redfish with the fried green tomatoes, it was divine. The crab cake appetizer was the best we have ever had! Highly recommend!!Great time with friends. Wine was good, food was okay. Service? Could be better, the waiter forgot about my friend's soup. The bisque came out kind of cold.Great deal on lunch especially with the Groupon or Living Social app. Food was outstanding and the service was very good. Will definitely recommend to our friends.Set down for 15 min and no service, walked out without getting an apology. I know it is thanksgiving, but for a fairly pricing restaurant you expect some serviceThe food at Briquettes is simply outstanding. 
On this day we joined friend for lunch. As always the food , service and place were all just amazing. 
As you can from the photos the place is cool to hang, have a drink at the beautiful bar then enjoy a great meal. 
Briquette is great lunch or dinner and it is one of the place in Nola that is catching popularity day by day. 
Thanks to their amazing chef.This place ended my 4-day streak of perfect restaurant experiences.  I should have known when I walked in; the whole place smelled bitter like vomit.  I don't know what caused it. I know they cook fish in there but it was horrible. We had a timid little waitress who said maybe three words the whole time.  Out of all four people's  plates, I found one thing that tasted good.  Everything was off. I don't know maybe I got there on the night when the real Chef was on vacation or something.  $120 later I left, uninspired.Excellent seasoning wine and service loved this upscale place close to Fulton Street. we even got dessert although we were full hughly recommend this place bring your appetite and walletI give this establishment 3 stars only because the food is wonderful. However, the service and wait staff are awful. We waited 30 min to get our drink and food order. They did not explain the menu. They spilled water on several of the people I was eating with. Took them 10 min. to come back with a towel. They handed me the towel and walked away. Had water dripping all over us. Received liquor drinks with out the garnish. When told them about it, they put a mint leave in my drink that had black spots. It was rotten. We asked several times for hot sauce and other condiments, never received them. My group spent over $700 on this establishment and received the worst service. Won't be back. Service has to be just as good as the food.