Went there for lunch today a girl named Alex took care of us. She was sweet but not attentive at all. I have been a fan of this place since it opened but the last couple of visits I've been really disappointed. The view is all it has going for it at this time. The service has gone downhill. The food is nowhere near as good as it was. I really hope it gets better because I hate to lose the view.Was in New Orleans for a sailing regatta and decided to try this place out. We waited for about an hour, due to the size of our party. The bartender was attentive and nice. We were seated outside on their patio in the most uncomfortable chairs!!! Sitting on the edge of the boat was more comfortable. The waiter was okay. A little too attentive. I ordered a Caesar salad to start and spaghetti and meat balls for my entree. The food was so salty!! Even the salad dressing! I could only stomach a few bites of my pasta. Maybe the kitchen thought the salt was garlic? Ugh. Three stars because of the bartender.Fun, friendy staff who provide good service. The view and the open space makes this a great happy hour/sunset vibeYelp, I should have listened.  It was ok.  Not really a good place for a large party or kids.  Was disappointed to watch the manager clean the windows while we were still there because our kids touched them.  He could have waited and the look was a bit much.  As far as food reviews it was average and the service was decent for our large party.Had an amazing view and large drinks at sunset the other night. Fried green tomatoes were tasty, came out instantly with our drinks, and the entrees were brought out about 2 minutes after. The shrimp and grits were good, nothing special. We felt pretty rushed for a Monday night, we sat down and paid within 40 minutes of each other.Our order came out wrong and had to be sent back and redone. Took Another 30 minutes and the manager refused to credit the bill. Awful customer service and mediocre food:(I was VERY disappointed with my family's experience at Brisbi's. 
To start, the hostess told us the wait for outside dining(which was our intention) would be 45 minutes, even though we saw multiple groups walk in and sit outside within minutes. 
After sitting inside, it was evident our waiter clearly didn't know what the heck he was doing--he had to repeat our order multiple times and ask "is that right". 
Later in the meal (about 30 minutes after we ordered), we see our identical food order being served to the table next to us. Turns out it was our food and the table next to us ended up eating quite a little bit of each one of our plates. The waiter asked if it was ok to keep the plates after we saw another table eating from it. Of course, we said we would prefer food that wasn't touched by another customer. 
After another 20 minutes of waiting, our long awaited food came. All in all, the food ended up being sub par in quality and was small in quantity.  My debris po boy had 1) too little debris 2) not enough of dressing(lettuce/tomato) and 3) some weird horseradish on it that threw off the taste of the debris.  My girlfriend's grilled crab cake sandwich was what you might find at an airport restaurant. The only bright spot in a otherwise average to below average meal was the eggplant fries, which had a pretty nice batter.
After the meal was completed, we received the bill and we were shocked to see that not only was it about $25 a person to eat 3 sandwiches, some tacos, and an app; but despite the long delay and experiencing the food switch-up every item was on the itemized receipt. We reluctantly paid our tab and left without an apology from the evident owner or any sort of comp in price for making us wait so long. 
Overall, I give Brisbi's a C-/D+. The only redeemable quality from this place is the view on a nice spring day. It's just sad that this place isn't as good as it could be because the location is wonderful and it's neighbor to a terrible seafood chain restaurant--Landry's. The lakefront needs more restaurants that serve high-quality seafood, and I'm afraid to say that Brisbi's just doesn't measure up.Wait -
I actually have to give this place a star?!
We just left brisbi's, as it was our choice for our quarterly dinner meeting. 
What a disaster. 
Firstly, we waited over 25 minutes to place our order after we finished our appetizers. When our server, Brandon, was approached at the bar regarding placing our entree orders, his reply was merely, "Do you need some assistance?"
Placing our entree orders was caked with Brandon's cartoon character like sarcasm. 
Glasses were slammed. Napkins were tossed. Truly on the brink of a confrontation for Brandon's passive aggressive attitude. 
When our entrees arrived, one of the eight was incorrect, blamed solely on the kitchen. The corrected entree arrived approximately ten minutes later with ice cold sides. The sides were then replaced with microwaved asparagus and microwaved potatoes. Gross. 
Brandon only approached the table four times after dropping our check to see if our bill had been paid, making one verbal inquiry implying we needed assistance with the math. 
The door was literally locked on our heels as we exited the building. At 820 PM. 
Do yourself a favor, yelpers. Eat anywhere else.We recently went to Brisbi's at 2pm on a Friday. We were seated outside upstairs and waited literally over 10 minutes for a server to even bring us water. Ten minutes is a long time to sit there and wait at a table. Multiple different servers walked past us but no one stopped at our table. We never got served so we eventually got up and left. Not a single staff member said anything to us on our way out and we walked past four staff members. Horrible (lack of) service.Nice open outdoor atmosphere on the lake. good place to go drink a beer but food is absolutely horrible except for the gumbo and turtle soup- which are above average, unfortunately served luke warm. service was atrocious also.The place is a great place to hang out and relax. Enjoy the view of the marina. Watch a sunset. The food is good, and that's a big deal for the lakefront as the locals know... It's not cheap.  But hey, imagine the cost of building in NO outside levee protection post Katrina!  What do you expect?3 Home runs with food!!! Fish Tacos (killer horseradish sauce), Shrimp Po Boy the size of my arm with shrimp the size of a baby lobsters and the Grilled chicken spinach salad (the dieter in the crowd!)....Come hungry...Great view and Jen (our Fantastic Server) was the BEST... We will be back!!!They have the best view, service (love Colin!), oysters, and burgers!!! Have not had a bad meal at brisbi's! Definitely a go to spot for drinks. Best restaurant in LakeveiwVery cool restaurant overlooking the water. The atmosphere is fun and entertaining. The food is very good. I would recommend this restaurant for lunch, happy hour, or dinner. I can't wait to visit again.Went here with a few ladies celebrating one Birthday and I loved my meal. Mostly everyone had something different,  but the ones like myself that had the shrimp and grits really enjoyed it. The ladies said the seafood was bland, crab cakes tasets old and I forget what the others had. I would give it a 5 star on my meal alone, but the others sent their food back so I guess it was really bad.Great turtle soup, beautiful view over the harbor (with brown pelicans splash-diving all around), consistently good service.  Great place for when the weather is nice.the vast majority of the city has crawfish for less than 4 dollars per pound....yet Brisbis continues to charge more than $7 with a minimum requirement. They are consistently overpriced which is why I no longer eat here.To be fair, we had a large group. Our server was also brand new. I have NO complaints about the server though... she did pretty well! 
The food, however, was inconsistent. People who ordered the debris fries early on during our gathering were pleased. I ordered mine a little later and apparently a gallon of salt had been added to the mix. I ate the fries and left most of the debris behind. A friend tried them and agreed - it wasn't just me being salty (hah, pun).
Happy Hour drinks were good, although small. That's okay though. 1/2 price means order twice as many, right? 
Overall, it's a good space with great Happy Hour deals. I just wish I had been a bit more impressed with the food, because I wanted to love it.We hoped for a better experience but it was a BIG let down. The gumbo and turtle soup were thick like a paste. I had the shrimp BLT and it was not good. I asked them to leave off the honey mustard dressing and it was covering the sandwich. They only put 3 shrimp on the sandwich one and a half on each side. The BBQ shrimp poboy was good but the house made potato chips had so much seasoning they were inedible. My sister and her husband had the seafood player and it was very bland. The only thing we had that was good was the Tatar nachos and the fried pickles on the seafood platter. If I had to make the decision to return I would say NO!!!!!'I had the flash fried calamari it was only ok very small pieces fried too hard , the stuffed mushrooms were delicious next time I will ask them to hold the cream sauce over the mushrooms . The gumbo was only ok won't order again . I ordered the shrimp spinach entree won't recommend unless you like a strong red gravy base. Tasted the tuna entree delicious . The top shelf margaritas were nice ! Overall don't have to go again but if I do I know what to order .A cautionary tale -- don't go here unless necessary. Everything you get here you can get somewhere else for cheaper, and it will be much better. We had the shrimp and grits and the catch of the day fish sandwich.. pretty standard, should be easy right? Nope, all pretty bad. The view outside is really nice however! So if you can stand the bad drink program, go for that.I met a friend here for dinner and a drink and my first thought was how did I not know about this place! The view is amazing and I was excited it was a local place and not a chain.  The service was TERRIBLE! It took my friend forever to get a water and a second beer (although it didn't seem very busy).  We both ordered the same thing--tuna steak. I was excited about it, but not for long. It was cold and absolutely disgusting, the sweet potato fries it came with were also cold. Luckily the asparagus it came with was steamed perfectly (the only saving grace).   The sauce it was supposed to come with actually  came halfway through the service when the inept waiter remembered to bring it. It was almost comical.  Not sure if he was just having a bad night or what. Honestly, I was disappointed we didn't just go to Landry's down the road, its a chain-- but at least the food is good! Very disappointed. I will go back for drinks, but I won't eat here again.Fantastic view. Food is good but this place is all about the view. It is a great place to go and sit outside and watch the sunset.The lunch menu definitely doesn't impress and the small menu is nearly all sandwiches.  Parking is also not adequate or easy to navigate in the space available so you would probably do better to park across the street.  I had the "stuffed" shrimp po boy with a tomato sauce.  It tasted ok but it definitely didn't seem stuffed full of shrimp to me.  You get a half po boy which comes with no sides and with the addition of an iced tea I spent $20 with tip which left me still quite hungry so I had to go elsewhere for second lunch.  It took one hour for my small little sandwich to arrive so this is certainly not a spot to go for a quick or filling lunch or for good value.  I hope their dinner menu is better but I can't see returning here for lunch.I did have an unfavorable review of this place a couple years ago, but I have to be fair and give it a 2-thumbs up -- or in Yelp terms, a 5-star rating -- given the experience I had today.  Some friends and I held a private crawfish boil this afternoon for about 125-150 people downstairs at The Y'at Club.  The owner and restaurant namesake Jonathan Brisbi was very easy to work with to accommodate our needs.  Unfortunately he was unable to be there to see his place packed with everyone having a great time.  Mike the manager was also very helpful during the early morning set-up.  The perfectly good weather also aided and abetted the success of the event.  The bartenders were great -- hardly ever a bad line waiting for drinks.
To the folks at Brisbi's responsible in helping make our boil enjoyable as it was -- thank you!!!  Would definitely repeat.Went there for lunch on a weekday last week. Not incredibly busy, but it was kinda loud. Might be the concrete floors. Also kinda chilly inside, but it's hot outside so I guess that makes sense to blast the A/C. 
Overall the experience was not amazing, but not horrible. As others have said, the location can't be beat. Lovely view, although I was seated inside. We had to park across the street because the parking lot/garage was confusing and looked full. 
We started with the shrimp cocktail, which was a sad little bowl of maybe 5 tiny shrimp over a bunch of lettuce. It was $8 or $9 for a measly little amount of shrimp. Not really sure what all that lettuce was doing. I expected a lot more shrimp, or at least maybe BIGGER shrimp. Not worth it at all.
However, the shrimp & crabmeat remoulade over fried green tomato entree was delicious. Came out nice and hot and tasted amazing.  There was a decent amount of crabmeat and shrimp on this plate. Comparable to Atchafalaya's fried green tomatoes. 
I will come back and try some new things.The place was nice. Good view looking at the boats and the lake. Service was excellent, enjoyed the place until that night when I had food poisoning from the BBQ shrimp poyboy me and my wife split. Both got really sick in afternoon. Won't be going backThis place is awesome. The view- gorgeous lakefront. You can't help but feel totally relaxed and transported to a beach town. The vibe- laid back neighborhood feel, live music. The food- huge portions, every bite was delicious. The fish tacos can't be beat.  The service- 5 stars to our waiter (Alex I believe) who provided fast service and kept the cold beer the coming. Take a walk on the promenade after dinner for the perfect end to your evening.Very disappointing. The great view is undone by the poor food. Pablo crusted onion rings were obviously a frozen pre breaded product. My gf and I both ordered the fresh fish Pontchartrain. Fish was undercooked and came with thin and watery mashed potatoes and a few flimsy stalks of asparagus. Seems like a lot of their efforts went into location and decor. The kitchen needs some work.Beautiful sunset on the lake, yet dinner was a complete letdown. Brought my out of town guests here for their last night in New Orleans so they could check out Lake Pontchartrain. Our server clearly didn't want to be at work, was grumpy and started/finished every sentence with "Ladies". Had to ask what the specials were. 
Two of 3 entrees were awful. One of my dinner guests said "No love involved in the preparation of these meals". Such a nice space and great view in an area with bountiful local produce yet asparagus was the only green vegetable and it was scarce and shriveled. Only local beer: Abita Amber. Even restaurants in boring places like Minneapolis and Indianapolis have Abita Amber. Newsflash, not only does Abita offer a lot of beer selections but there are several local breweries with great beers like Nola Brewing, Bayou Teche Brewing, Covington Brewhouse. Why not flaunt what our city and region have to offer if you are going to do business in this gorgeous area? 2nd time trying Brisbi's and looking forward to finding another lakefront spot.Burgers, Bloody Mary's and Buddies.  This place is a nice place to relax.  We went at 2 so there were no crowds.I'm giving this place 4 stars because I attended a birthday dinner and we basically had the restaurant to ourselves. The restaurant is at a BEAUTIFUL location with an amazing view of the water and boats, parking is lacking but it wasn't an issue that night because like I said, we were basically the only patrons there. Service throughout our three course meal was exemplary from this nice married couple. However when we first arrived I went to the bar to get a drink. They had a speciality hot coco that I decided would be good to start off with. The bartender had no one else in the restaurant but it seems she just thought I was standing there for my health. After a couple of minutes of side eyeing me to see if I actually wanted a drink she asked me what would I like. I asked her opinion on their speciality drink for the holidays; the hot coco. She said in a flat dry tone, "I wouldn't know i haven't tried it". I was slightly taken aback at her tone and the fact that she was serving items she honestly knew nothing about. I paid for my drink and politely over tipped her hoping that her crappy attitude would subside. The turtle soup was pleasing..... I had the pecan crusted catfish which was AMAZING. THAT is the dish that will probably keep me coming back. Everything on that entree from the asparagus to the sweet mashed potatoes to the catfish itself was absolutely delicious. I'm not a fan of bread pudding but others at the table throughly enjoyed it. I wish I would've gotten the two servers names who took care of us, they were so accommodating. I do plan to return soon, maybe when it warms back up and I can take full advantage of the outside patio.The atmosphere is great. The food not good and the service terrible. The service was slow, slow, slow..... 
I ordered the pecan crusted catfish and it came out with hooters wing sauce on it which was not expected and tasted horrible. Also it totally clashed with mashed sweet potatoes. My husband had fish tacos and he also says the food was awful. We will never go back. 
The waiter was rude to me and one of my friends. His name is Steven. If you get him ask for a different server.
There are many other nice places in the area without the awful food and the attitude of the server. 
Also as a side note, when we were leaving we rode the elevator with a stranger who asked us what we thought and she  had same opinion, terrible food and service.Went with my family for Mother's Day.  The food was alright but service was inexperienced.  Waiter blamed slow response on kitchen, but it took him 15 minutes to bring us out drinks after we ordered.   Our Apps got there 30 minutes after we ordered.  Our Entrees got to us an hour after we ordered.  We did have an issue with one of our dishes, but management amicably resolved our problem.  We ordered coffee at the end and that took 15 minutes to bring out. 
What really set me off was they crammed 7 people on what was more suitable for a six top.  The waits wouldn't be so bad but being stuffed on a small table made the waits feel much longer.  I'm afraid if we had one more guest, they would have sat us at the very same table.  
Brisbi's probably a nice place for parties 4 or less on any other day, but the service everywhere looked pretty lacking.  The way we received coffee didn't seem very efficient.  I would have put all the coffees on a tray and bring them to the table, not carry two at a time by hand.  No wonder we spent two hours on a crowded table and left pretty aggravated.   Thank God I was in good family company.  At the rate they serve food and turn over tables, I do not expect them to still be around by next year.This was my second visit here, but this time we were not able to get seating on the waterfront balcony because all the tables were occupied or reserved.  We were there for nearly 2 hours and the reserved tables were never occupied.  We had a table alongside the side railing and we were still able to view vessels coming and going to and from berths in the Lakefront Marina.
We accomplished our primary goal which was to be there during the Happy Hour pricing between 4pm and 6:30pm.If you haven't had the occasion to dine at Brisbi's, you are truly missing out.  My wife and I live on the lakefront and visited the restaurant a few times during its initial opening, but did not have a meal due to the large crowds.  We are soo glad that we came back! The owners and chefs have perfected the recipes, the service is impeccable, and the view can't be beat!  This place is truly a triple threat.  We started out with the special appetizer, fried crab claws which were golden perfection, then the fried oyster appetizer. Yum.  For dinner, my wife ordered the special soft shell crab with bbq shrimp.  The crab was outstanding, lightly battered, hot and crispy.  The bbq shrimp which we ordered on the side were peeled, and ready to eat. They were as good as Pascale's Manale and were definitely on point! I ordered the lobster roll which came with large succulent pieces of lobster on a hot and baked roll.  It was absolutely delicious.  Our dear friend ordered the fish tacos with sweet potato mash and proclaimed that he hadn't enjoyed better fish tacos anywhere in New Orleans!  In short, Brisbi's is truly a gem on the lakefront.  The water may have been rough for this place in the beginning, but as John the owner candidly proclaimed, they have "learned their lessons." As far as the eye can see, there's smooth sailing ahead!We just stumbled on this place while driving around the Lakeshore. Since it was so busy I thought it can't be too bad. I was wrong. The food was terrible. Basically unedible. The waitress was very nice. I ordered Calamari. It was over cooked and tasteless. Too heavily deep fried and dry. Husband ordered the fish sandwich. It was a brown looking fish. He managed to eat half of it and gave up. I had the oyster poboy. The worst I have ever had. About 7 tiny over fried oysters on stale bread. I ate 4 of the oysters. So for $45 I got about 4 oysters and few overfried calamari. Frankly, I would have been  better off going to McDonalds for a fish sandwich. I came home hungry. I see all these high ratings and I do not know why. When we left I walked by a table where both plates were abandoned half eaten, so it was not just us. Are the patrons in some twilight zone that they think the food is good? It's one of those weird moments when you wonder is it me or is it them. I live on the Northshore so I know what a good poboy, fish sandwich and calamari should taste like. I think I am just going to stay on the Northshore for a while after this experience.Great food great place!!! Will go back!
This should have more then three stars because it has consistently been excellent. 
Everything is very fresh and cooked to order! Will highly recommend to others.Pretty nice place to watch the sunset and chow down. I had a shrimp and oyster po boy and my friend had shrimp and grits. Both were very good. We also had a dozen oysters but they were the smallest that I've ever been served in a restaurant. Tasted good though. Great service. Would probably go back here. Nice atmosphere.Not sure why this restaurant only has 3 stars but we have loved Brisbi's since our first visit here a couple of years ago. The food here is excellent, the atmosphere is lively, and the view of the marina is awesome, especially at sunset!  
Ask for Colin, the best server ever!
The signature seafood dishes are all prepared nicely (a cut above your typical New Orleans throw-some-fried-seafood-on-a-plate dishes).  And there's plenty to choose from, if you're not in the mood for seafood. 
Always a great choice!My wife and I have been here approximately 10 times from my last posting in December.  As late as last Saturday (7/25/15) with 2 other couples.  It's always fun, excellent food, wait staff attentive and a good value.  Not certain the motivation from Christen F., her review was off base with all others.  If you have not tried it, your missing out.   How can you find a cleaner restaurant with such a view with these prices and quality of food?  Not going to happen.One of my favorite restaurants!  I recommend the Shrimp and Grits.. Fried green tomatoes!  Just about everything on the menu is excellentThe ambiance is amazing!  It's was my first time here. Verna was our server and she was simply INCREDIBLE...  The food is just ok but the experience is really nice. I was expecting a really huge crowd but it was not hardly.  
The wait for the meal was not long at all.  We had the shrimp and oyster plate and the oyster poboy.  The seafood lacked seasoning but the size of the seafood was really impressive.  The bread on the poboy was not authentic poboy bread.  Anyone who knows New Orleans poboys know that Leindenheimer bread is the ONLY way to go!  Anything else is subpar!!! So that was a good oyster poboy gone to waste!  Without the right bread you are just eating a sandwich and not to mention the price of $15 for a second rate poboy insane.  They make their on potato chips which are ok.  I tried the bread pudding with rum sauce.  Well let's just say the pudding was tough with sugar poured in butter and imitation rum all mixed together.  Not to mention there was a piece of hair in the pudding.  
The only reason that they receive the 3 stars is because of Verna!  She gave us 10 star service.  But for everything else I should have given 1 star!  
Thank Verna you were PHENOMENAL!!!!There are way better places in the neighborhood than here. The food is uninspired and overpriced for what you get. The owner will make you leave if he thinks you were checking out a woman's behind. The music is always horrible. At the marina we make jokes about it when it comes blasting across the water at us. The marina area would be a better place if that guy would just clear out.
I really don't have any stars to hand out for this dump but there is no zero star choice on the rating so I am forced to give one. But it is undeserved.my first time going here was this past Sunday for the Saints game and I am so glad I went. we had a larger group and some of us trickled in as the game carried on. Percy was our waiter and truly made our visit magical! he accommodated us hand and foot! he even let us split the checks which is such a challenge in this city. i didnt see him write a thing down, but he remembered all of our orders - amazing! the food was great and the drink specials were awesome. stuffed mushrooms and gumbo were tops. i will be back for sure and hope to get Percy as our waiter again. thanks!I did not read other Yelp reviews until after our first trip to Brisbi's, but it is refreshing to know that we were not the only ones who share the same sentiment. 
The service from the hostess stand was awful. We wanted a table outside and understood there would be a slight wait -- we were told 20 minutes. We got some oysters and refreshments at the bar, and the bartenders were great, and although they were busy, they were attentive. I wish that could be said for the rest of the place.
As we sat at the bar we saw several couples leave the balcony but nobody was getting seated. Instead there were five empty tables outside that could seat 20 people total. After half an hour, I went up to the hostess stand and was told they were waiting for a reservation. I saw the reserved sign on one of the tables and asked about the other four tables that were open. The girl, who probably isn't old enough to drive but ultimately is the face of the restaurant, stumbled on her words and gave some weird excuse and said it would be 2 - 10 more minutes. Okay..... That turned into 20 more minutes. If you're doing the math we have been there for almost an hour. We go up there again and she tries to give some other excuse and we say we'll leave and go down the street. Luckily the manager or owner is there and can magically find a place for us on the balcony.
We finally get seated. Luckily it is half off appetizers because this place's credibility is seriously lacking at this point. We order the crab-stuffed mushrooms with hollandaise. They were very underwhelming. So were the buffalo-style shrimp. The fried green tomatoes topped with crab had way too much sauce on them, and you couldn't taste anything else. The basin debris fries were so over-salted we couldn't even eat them. Meanwhile, the other four tables remained unseated/reserved for the next hour we were there until we were about to leave and a party was sat down. So you're telling me you want to reserve tables and not seat people for two hours at them and lose money?! That's your prerogative, but it sounds like bad business to me, and it alienates your customers who are there in person. Luckily, our waiter was really cheesy and awesome, so that was the saving grace. 
I am so glad we only paid half price for the food, because I would have sent it all back had it been full price. The only thing we would ever go back there for is happy hour oysters and drinks at the bar. Actually, I take that back. We won't be back. Don't waste your time.3 stars is the best I can give. And with that, I think that I'm being generous. Breading on the calamari and shrimp was rather thick and falling off, but worse yet, the calamari was like rubber.  The fried oysters were only fair (rather small and flat).  Beer was not very cold.
We lost several great, old restaurants with Katrina. These new ones better concentrate on the food and not the view.A small group of friends wanted to test this new up can comer before we bring my bike club here. I really like the Happy Hour that has great deals on oysters, appetizers, beers and cocktails. We all ordered drinks, appetizers and oysters. I ordered the crab remoulade and green tomato app that was good with plenty of jumbo lump crabmeat but I thought the remoulade was a bit to think and mayonnaisey. The oysters were very good and considering other happy hour oyster spots, we got ours in good time. My friends got the tar tar tuna, fried cheese and garlic fries apps. All looked to be good. On this trip we did not order entrees since the apps are filling on their own. 
Overall this was a great experience with a great view of the marina. I will definitely bring the group to eat up on the deck and this will also be a great spot during crawfish season. I will be back.I loved Brisbi's. I think I love any place where I can sit and look out on water. Considering I didn't grow up in Florida, the lake is the closest I can get to experiencing this.
Me and a group of other Yelpers met here on a lovely afternoon for happy hour. We all sat outside on the patio which allowed us to enjoy the view, breathe in the fresh air and mingle freely with one another. Some chose this spot because of their debris fries and I was pretty happy when I saw oysters and shrimp and grits on the menu. The raw oysters were yummy and obviously fresh and the shrimp and grits made me wish I had ordered the full entree and not just the appetizer. The grits were nice and creamy and the tail-off shrimp were nicely cooked and there was a generous portion of them.
Our waitress was Mary and although it was one of her first days on the job, she was fabulous at making sure our group of 13 was happy and had everything we needed. She also had no issue splitting our check, so she is basically an angel because I know that can be a pain.
I would love to return to Brisbi's, but only if I can sit outside again and be one with the sea.Great views, bad food. My friends chicken Spinach salad was completely wilted and must have been old spinach. Creamed spinach was so terrible tasting I couldn't stomach it. My burger was ok, but my wedge salad was pre made from yesterday. 6 bucks for old browned edges on iceberg with sad mushy red onion and dust had collected on the bowl as it sat in the cooler since yesterday, hopefully yesterday.You have to come and see Branden as he rocks and I can honestly say that everything we ordered was absolutely delicious!Gotta say, very disappointing experience. Went with my GF who is vegan. She is pretty easy to please and after the waiter told her they had nothing vegan, she said to just make her a nice salad with whatever vegetables they had. He came back with a plate of romaine lettuce. That's it, just lettuce on a plate. I spoke to the manager whose response was, "Yeah, our cook's not too bright."  She didn't eat the lettuce and they begrudgingly offered to take it off the bill but when the waiter brought the check, it wasn't itemized so we have no idea if they did or not.  Pretty bad when the only positive thing you can say about a restaurant is it has a nice view.Food was delicious! Several of us tried and loved the fish of the day. Our favorite part were the desserts; yes, plural--we had bread pudding and bananas foster. The bread pudding was out of this world with the rum sauce!!Went Friday at 6pm windy and cool outside no tables inside. No curtains or anything to block wind or heat outside. Asked for coffee to warm myself 
Up .
Got old lukewarm coffee. Had to find waitress and have fresh pot made. Ordered fish of day speckled trout. All gone. By 6 pm really???
Got replacement fish never heard of it was ok but more like tilapia than speckled trout. Vegetables we
Not worth the price. Won't go back.Overall, brisbi's was pretty good. The service was very friendly, and the view was nice. Water, boats, skyline, the classic lakefront view. My mother ordered a dozen raw oysters, all tasted fresh and clean. When we ran out of crackers, we were supplied with more. I ordered salmon with hollandaise sauce and crab. It was excellent. The dish came with potatoes that were very flavorful, I might add. The asparagus on the other hand was dry, and lacking spices. It's a great place to go enjoy the view and some classic seafood.This is a fantastic location and a great concept especially for warm weather dining.  They offer balcony dining with a view of the Lake Pontchartrain harbor, and often fabulous sunsets.  
Best time to visit,in my opinion, is Mon -Fri between 4-6 for 1/2 price appetizers and great happy hour drink deals! My app of choice is the fried green tomatoes topped with crabmeat and remoulade-it has been great every time...And it comes as an entree as well. 
I think they would benefit from having boiled seafood on the menu daily. 
Definitely prefer drinks and yummy apps here over dinner.I recently ate at Brisbi's for the first time.  I was craving a fish sandwich and saw the great reviews on Yelp.  Both myself and my friend had the grilled fish sandwich along with their garlic fries.  The fish was fresh and seasoned perfectly.  What more can I say about the garlic fries - we didn't leave any crumbs!  
We can't wait to come back for their happy hour and enjoy the cocktails and oysters.Came in for 50 cent oysters but it was a Saturday (that's a weekday deal) but it turned out for the best! They had crawfish for $6 a pound with a two pound minimum, and we ended up getting 3! The crawfish was savory and not too hot, very good size too. The sausage was lacking but the waitress noted that and apologized, saying she'd tell the chef. We actually had two waiters, both of whom were chipper and great. We also got a dozen oysters. I'd recommend going for 50 cent oysters, although they're great, at $14 for a dozen, they're pricey. I would go back and recommend this to other people!Been there once and really liked the food, seared ahi was great and staff was friendly. I Would rate higher but tried going a couple other times but they closed at 8:30  and closed a second time time for a private party.Views and atmosphere are great! Food was disappointing considering the price. Sriracha oysters were the best thing we had. Would definitely recommend. 
Basin debris fries - don't waste your money. Roast beef was flavorless and watery, it was like roast beef soup underneath the fries. There was little to no cheese on top of the fries. Entree crab cakes were another disappointment. Portion and quality were not worth the price. 
If you're looking for a place to grab drinks with a view - this may be your spot. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend.It was a beautiful night and we thought sitting by the water would be nice, so we gave up fancy reservations in the Quarter. It was so windy that we had to hold down the salt and pepper shakers, etc. That was amusing but not a practical way to eat so we moved inside. The manhattans were watered down, the wine was just okay and the food was not really memorable. I think for such an optimal spot, they could update and pep up their fare. Make a few things really well, but not more expensive. It can be done and is every day all over the city!Having stayed in the Quarter for a few days now, this place seems as far from there as you could possibly get. Breezy, open, and relaxing. Also smells a heck of a lot fresher. Don't get me wrong, I love the Quarter, but there's a reason most businesses hose down their sidewalks each morning! :) I chose the crawfish cakes, but only because the crab cakes couldn't be fished at the moment (too many females to males...need to get those men back in population). Now THAT tells you it's fresh. They could get crab anywhere but they choose to go local, and when they can't, they go even more local/seasonal, as crawfish are in full season now. Loved them. Their tuna tartare tower with freshly-made nachos was outstanding, as was my server Jeremy's attention to detail. Kudos to Brisbi's!We sat at the bar at 5:30pm on a Saturday because the wait was 30 minutes for inside and an hour to be seated outside. The vibe was a fun boating crowd, lots of people outside at the bar with live music. 
I ordered the spinach and chicken salad with cranberries and candied walnuts. The chicken was perfectly done and the basalmic vinegar dressing was not too light nor or too heavy. My husband liked the turtle soup, it tasted like gumbo and not too salty. Overall experience was great. The food was delicious, bartenders were friendly and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Also, Brisbi's has a great marina view!Gave this place a try since the place next door was closed.  
Bad idea. 
First water came out with lipstick on the glass. 
Next my wife had something floating in her tea. 
Shrimp were a good size n had a good flavor but were gritty since they weren't cleaned. Should have been butter flied. Price was decent but we will not return to try again.The view gets the 2 stars. The food is very below average & the service is non-existant. As a matter of fact, on a couple of occasions, when I arrived about 8PM, the kitchen was closed because they ran out of food???? At best, its a place to grab a cocktail downstairs & look out at the marina & sunset.It was terrible. We got a oyster and a meatball poboy. They were seasoned with this over powering seasoning!  Couldn't enjoy the food and chips and the bread and the lettuce was wilted. The waiter was excellent. Horrible Heartburn!  Very disappointed. You don't need to cover up the taste of good seafood.Great place to go and have a drink on the dock.  Not so much to eat.  Seafood platter has plenty of seafood (no stuffed crab or hushpuppies for some reason); however, bland bland bland.  I've never had such bland tasting batter in my life.  And the bbq shrimp poboy was only ok.  Deanie's bbq shrimp is way better.  Recommended to drink.  Skip the seafood and go for the bar food.We braved the lakefront on one of our frigid days this month and decided to check out Brisbi's because they were open for lunch on a Monday. 
The views from the restaurant were beautiful. And the restaurant itself was gorgeous and oh so cold on this frigid January day. I know it's set fishing camp high (and does have an elevator) but man, were my feet frozen after we left. 
The place was pretty empty so our server was pretty attentive. The don't have hot tea so I just asked for iced with no ice and I was OK. 
They server their complete menu at lunch but I opted for one of the lunch specials, combination crab and shrimp remoulade over fried green tomatoes. The dish was OK but I felt like the really thick cut tomatoes didn't balance with the seafood and the dressing.  My dining companions were not super impressed either.
I will definitely give the restaurant another shot...on a warmer day.Omfg!!!! Who do not love BrisBe's??? Beautiful scenery. Beautiful place to just become one with the lake and food and drinks. My first time coming here I was confused  about where to park  by never being here before but omg it is so beautiful. There's downstairs seating. There's seating upstairs out ideas and there's seating inside upstairs as well. Just a beautifully build restaurant overall.  Of course Happy Hour brought me here. Lol. There happy hour I believe is 4 to 6 and there's a good menu. I love margaritas so I couldn't pass up 5 bucks well made margaritas.  I also had buffalo shrimp here and it was good. I will be back!!Mother's Day on line said walk ins welcome. When we arrived about 3:00 PM the hostess was rude to us for showing up without a reservation ! I had to explain why I came and a male maybe manager admitted that the on line ad said that but they were full which is all we needed to hear the first time but with a Smile! The bottom Area was closed and we were told it was not opening till 4:30Pm  it would have been smarter to open the bottom area early on this day.   On another visit to the restaurant bar upstairs we had problems getting a drink from same female bartender and she also keep our change. I always tip 20 percent my children are wait staff but this is the worst kind of rude service. Went back august 14 and service was great so glad !Great atmosphere, a band playing, sunset on Lake Ponchatrain...  Good was great.  The children's portions where enough for three adults!  Shrimp and grit mmmmmm!The view was lovely. It was nice watching the sun set and the boats pull out of the marina. I appreciated the fans for keeping the deck cooler, but they were very noisy, almost making it too difficult to have a conversation. The happy hour well drinks for $3 were a nice treat and bonus points for the waitress who came back 3 minutes before happy hour ended to offer one last happy hour priced round. 
We had the debris fries as an appetizer, and the waitress warned us they were salty. She was correct, but they were yummy. For dinner I had the shrimp tacos and my friend had the barbecue shrimp poboy. Both were decent, but the view and happy hour drinks were the star of the show. Could have left the food. 
We sat down by the water after dinner and had one last drink while the sun set. It was beautiful but the mosquitos came out in full force and we ran for the hills.Went here for the first time this weeken. The view is lovely, although when we got there at 7PM it was so bright we could not see each other or the server until the sun went down. The look is very industrial and mostly all metal and silver which makes it quite loud. Would not reccomend it for a group but maybe for a date. A good excuse to snuggle together and talk. The food was good. Nothing out of this world. I had the fish tacos. The tortillas were quite soggy but the filling was very good so I just ate the insides out. My husband had the ravioli which was good. The sauce reminded us of the tomato soup at Le Madeline. We also got the stuffed mushroom appetizer. Had a nice flavor but the button mushrooms were just barely cooked. Our waitress was super sweet and very attentive. The hostess was to the point but got the job done. I would go again when the weather gets nicer and sit outside.The food is good, the atmosphere is great (especialy when the weather is perfect), but the management and the staff need a lot of help.  Last night we had a function downstairs of about 50 people.  Knowing the place closes at 9:00 (as they advertise this), some of us wanted to eat before they closed, so a little after 8:40 we went upstairs to eat.  They decided to close early and refused our business - very unprofessional for anyone, especially a restaurant.  I even told the bartender this is something people Yelp about.  A block away is The Blue Crab Restaurant.  They're just as good in regards to food and atmosphere.  We showed up there 5 minutes before their advertised closing time, and they gladly served us.  And the food was really good.The place was nice. Good view looking at the boats and the lake. Service was excellent, was always checked on. The debris fries were great and the food was pretty good. Will go back.This was the perfect ending to our trip. After spending a few days on bourbon street it was great to find this clean, new restaurant near water. The view, service and food were exceptional.  
The crab cake sandwich was delicious and very different from any other I've had. This restaurant is worth the $10 cab ride outside of the city!!Me and my husband have been coming here for a couple of years now. We love the staff and we love the food. The best thing ever is that they will soon be having brunch on Sundays and I am all about a brunch. Anyway, the stuffed mushrooms are a dream and the fish almondine. I love the atmosphere because you are right on the lake and the view is so pretty at night or even on a clear and sunny day. We will continue to come here....as I write this review and think about it, we're kinda overdue on a visit it's been over a week lol...Great restaurant! Tasty southern cuisine with a view that's unmatched. Wait staff is fast and friendly and the amenities are clean. Recommended to all locals for happy hour and tourist for a good Louisiana dish.Checking in late... Brisbi's last night for dinner. Love the atmosphere. Reminds me of all the old Lakefront restaurants but obviously more upscale. Started off with a yummy Cosmo with Kettle One- nice potent drink. We had the Baked crab cakes for an appetizer-they were very good lots of crabmeat and not covered in batter however I could suggest a little more of some sort of sauce with the crab cakes and a dozen raw oysters. The oysters we nice size. I am not an oyster eater but the other people at my table said they were very good. For dinner I had the Grilled Fish Tacos with Sweet Potato Fries- Very very good!!! The tacos have a great taste with a combination of the grilled fish, feta cheese, a horse radish cream sauce and cilantro-lime pico de gallo. They do offer a blacked version but I felt that may be a bit too spicy. Very much enjoy Brisbi's and love the atmosphere!!We came here on a Sunday for lunch. There was no wait. The scenery is gorgeous whether you sit inside or outside. The menu had a big selection. For appetizers we had the crab cakes, fried cheese, and the raw oysters which were a good size. For my meal I had the sesame seeded tuna which was delicious. My only complaint was the waiter double charged my card but hopefully my bank will clear it up.