I laugh as I write this review. 
One late night, after going to a show, after a few drinks, on our way back to the hotel, we were trying to find a place to have food that was open. My boyfriend was asking what I wanted to eat. I looked up, lost and confused pointing to the bright sign that said FRIED CHICKEN. 
I will never forget the puzzled face my boyfriend gave me. Perhaps all those posh restaurants, and five star yelp hole in the wall places painted a vision in his head - it set the tone of what type of food I may like. 
We waited on the line, and boy was this the BEST fried chicken I ever had. The mustard. The chicken. I couldn't believe it. I thought maybe I could blame my late night. 
I went back the following day to try again, and it was just as amazing. 
I would fly all the way from NYC just to eat this chicken again. I laugh because it's like a 7/11. The total came to a whopping $5.99! 
Oh my goodness. Delicious. I have yet to try fried chicken that is as moist and flavorful.If you are craving fried chicken and there is nothing nearby this is a good stop. Ordered a 6 piece chicken strip with fries for  $8.50. Get some Cajun seasoning!
Pretty decent crispy juicy chicken tenders! Fries were cold and soggy though.Visiting the CBD there are so many food choices. So I waited all day until I had time to go purchase this chcke, and the stomach room to enjoy it. When I walked in the door around 9 pm they had just finished frying a batch.  I bought a mixed 3 piece to share and I didn't want to because it was so good. Very crispy, tender, and a little spicy. If you ask me it's better than Popeyes and KFC. I'll definitely be back again.I stop at the one in Metairie.  Chicken is always good, but try the 2-piece Fish & Fries (or sub red beans, or mashed potatoes).  $4.59 for 2 big fillets and more fries than you can eat!.  They fry it to order, so it's hot & fresh.  Only downside:  No Crystal Hot Sauce, either to go or on the shelf to buy!Good crunch, very juicy, nice color and well seasoned.  The white meat was perfect amount of juicy and crunch. Dark meat was equally flavorful but just a tad greasy. Still a great value.This place is not really a restaurant and not really a convenience store! They do have good, cheap chicken and they are open 24 hours. OK, if forced to choose between McDonalds or some other common fast food fare and Brother's Chicken I would choose Brother's, this is great late night drunk food. EXPECTATIONS...Other than the chicken everything else is over priced but if you have the munchies and you like fried chicken look no further.We were Referred to this place by the bellhop at our hotel and while we appreciate the thought... Skip this place. You can get quality new Orleans meals for about the same price anywhere else. No thank you!The chicken is way too good to be from a c-store. So good.
They have an impressively extensive selection of sexual aid pills at the front counter.
The cashiers are hilariously surly all the time. It's like the half-opposite of Cheers: they'll recognize you but still hate you.
There's an ICEE machine and a Blockbuster rental machine.
They sell both the regular and light versions of the world's nastiest alcoholic beverage: Budweiser Chelada (LA COMBINACION PERFECTA!!).
You'll meet a lot of interesting people when everyone mobs this place for fried foods in the wee hours of the morning.PERFECT PIT STOP after a night on Bourbon. The fries and fried chicken tenders were so good. The pieces were huge and the chicken was tender.don't be fooled by the corner store look. this place has some of the best fried chicken I have ever tasted!
my girlfriend and I came across this convenient store on our way to bourbon street. we noticed how the line was quite long. lo and behold, everyone was holding a box of brother's fried chicken. we take a look at the rest of the store and see the menu along with the food within windows. the chicken looked hot and golden underneath the heating lamps.
we ordered the 4 pc dark meat fried chicken combo with a side of cajun rice and a 4 pc tender box. we had to bring it back to our hotel room since there is no dining area. 
let me tell you. the fried chicken was AMAZING!  the chicken was very very juicy, not dry and old like some other places. the breading on the skin was perfect. a little kick of spices to it. the cajun rice was also delicious. sorta like a jambalaya taste to it. it came with slices of sausage also. 
the chicken tenders were some of the best I have ever eaten. I absolutely love chicken tenders. I am a huge fan of raising canes chicken tenders and these brother's chicken tenders put canes to shame. the breading wasn't too overwhelming. just the perfect amount of crunch to it. the chicken was juicy as well. I wish they had a location in Texas cause it would be my favorite chicken place for sure!
perks: 24 hours! chicken all day and night! also you have your standard convenient items as well. drinks, snacks, soda, beer, liquor, you name it. 
if you are near canal st and bourbon st and want some fried chicken, this is definitely the spot for you!Words cannot describe the scene here at 3 am . line out the door, clientele of homeless and wealthy, bottlerats and tourists - all with a common goal.getting fried chicken. And my god the 20 minute wait is worth it.
This blows the pants off any Popeye's or KFC. I would come back just to NOLA just for thisI am a self-proclaimed fried chicken connoisseur and I proclaim this place being legit.  I don't care that it's a hole in the wall or that it is also inside a convenient store.  I'm writing this review about the fried chicken.  One word.  Deliciousness.  Plain and simple.  Really good and seasoned friend chicken.  Slight kick but not overwhelming.  We came here three times and brought extra for our plane ride.Oh god this chicken was good...  it so wasn't what you would expect at a liquor store.  I mean i would have NEVER gone to a liquor store for chicken.  I stumbled upon this place on a drunken walk home from bourbon st.  I was staying at the renaissance up the block...  And i thought F+++ it! 
Wow...  so good.
I went back the next night... and the next!!!
For like 9 bucks I got a 3 piece meal, a gatorade, and a little pie.  dude!
The batter is crispy.  crunchy.  full of flavor.  The chicken meat was soft and moist.  It burst with juices as i bit into it.
insane good. :)Fried chicken from a convenience store?  OMG yes.  This is up there with the best fried chicken I've ever had.  The batter is just right with a perfect level of spiciness.
I'm taking a star off for the service, which was fine once but not so great (even for a convenience store) the other time.  But it's worth it for the chicken.We were staying at a hotel across the interstate and stopped here to get some po-boys. The po-boys were really good but I would not recommend the chicken livers they were not cooked very well and were extremely tough. You're better off buying your beer from a grocery store as it is overly priced here as is every gas station.Was just in Nola for our honeymoon and Brothers became our late night weakness! Whatever they're doing to that chicken is so damn good because here's the kicker... I'm a pescatarian (don't even eat chicken). But, Brothers... hmmm YES please!Get the meat pies. I'm not even sure what kind of meat is in it but they're sooooo good.Dude. This place is in the hood but the chicken was so good and CHEAP. Definitely, a must-visit when you want delicious fast food on a bargain. Tastier than Willie's. Don't be discouraged by the location or else you'll miss out! Who would have thought a mini mart would actually have fresh food. The guy was frying chicken on the spot as I placed my order. YUM!I really like their fried chicken and their meat pockets (empanadas).  The dark chicken is crispy and juicy.  I didnt care much for the french fries, kind of soft and soggy.  Definitively a cheap and quick eat on the go.I came here because I wanted a cheap, no frills dinner.  I like that you can pick the pieces you want instead of having to order a combo.  I ordered chicken legs because they are my favorite. It was pretty quick considering there was a line.  Nothing says class like eating fried chicken while sitting by the tiny roof top pool of your hotel, yup I am just that elegant.My first night in New Orleans was a blur, but one thing I DO remember is that Brother's chicken at 4 am. THIS IS THE BEST CHICKEN IVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.
No seriously. I am considering having a friend bring me some when they come to visit me from NOLA. 
No, seriously.This is so funny. Over 5 years ago I came down with my then gf for Essence. During the trip I stopped in Brothers and left with what would be the BEST FRIED CHICKEN I EVER HAD IN MY LIFE THUS FAR. The funny reality is every time I tell this story it goes like, "The best fried chicken I ever had was from a gas station in New Orleans" everyone laughs with amazement. One time I shared the story and a guy finished my sentence! He also had the same story lol!  This review is over 5 year late, yelp was probably not around. Yesterday after telling this story to a coworker, I thought to check yelp for this place and see if its listed. To my shock many have rated this fried chicken highly and the real funny thing is that this food mart is rated higher than many restaurants. If its still anything like it was 5 years ago it will be one of your favorite (if not the favorite) fried chicken experiences. I drove to Brothers gas station twice and did not get gas! I had the red beans & rice mmmmmm... I remember seeing pepper and seasoning under the crunchy yummy skin just worked into the meat. If your in NO you should go!Hands down the best fried chicken ever and it was dirt cheap! I had the munchies at night and trekked out to get some fried chicken. Got a thigh and wings and cost me only $3. The thigh was amazing, so crispy and had a nice kick from the seasoning. The meat was juicy and tender and was right out of the fryer.On the walk back to the hotel I picked up a bucket of fried chicken and a bottle of vodka.
At a convenience store. 
Life doesn't get better than this.When's the last time you walked into a convenient store and had some 'bomb-ass' fried chicken? I know what you're thinking..."WTF?" Right. That's what I thought. Well, rest assured. Such a place exists.
On my 3rd food stop of New Years Eve 2008, we stumbled into this Food Mart to pick up some water & Gatorade, to rehydrate and minimize any hangovers that were to come in the morning. Got what we came for, then i looked over near the cash register and saw..."Brother's Fried Chicken" Their slogan is "Often Imitated, Never Duplicated." Wow...kinda says it all, doesn't it? Yup, Fried Chicken, Chicken Tenders, Meat Pies, Steak Cut Fries, Fried Fish, Red Beans, Stuffed Jalapenos...all in a F*ckin' convenient store!!! "Only in New Orleans..."  I kept telling myself. Guess what else? Exactly. The chicken is f*ckin' good! F*ck KFC, F*ck Popeye's...Okay, maybe not F*ck Popeye's...but the chicken was as good as advertised. The meat Pies were frickin' good too. I don't know, maybe it's just me but... IS THERE ANYWHERE IN NEW ORLEANS WHERE THE FOOD IS NOT TASTY??? 
"Often Imitated, Never Duplicated."  SHIIIEEET...You ain't nevah lied!Very good and fresh fried chicken, and cheap!
It is a little weird to buy from a convenience store..You're drunk and hungry! Better yet, just hungry for some fried chicken. Guess where you need to go? Brothers Food Mart has the best friend chicken when all the other spot nearby is closed. Don't sleep on them. The great thing is its a convenience store so you can get all of your snacks, drinks under one roof!I really love a late night corner market, and his one delivers. We went to Brother's every night of our stay except one. Great chicken and pretty good candy selection. Friendly staff. I did make the mistake of trying the chocolate flavored Skittles, but that's not Brother's fault.You haven't experience NOLA unless you have eaten red beans and rice, fried chicken and meat pies while washing it down with a beer in a brown paper bag bought from a convenience store.The fried chicken!  The first time I had it, I thought it was merely an aberration!
That was last year.  Stopped by, again, this year when I was down for Mardi Gras.  Still ridiculously good.It will be very hard to eat at Popeyes, when Brothers is literally across the street. I crave this chicken, it's always hot and fresh, and when I seen the lady lovingly battering the chicken and frying it with so much care I was even more in love! 
For 8 piece dark, the price is $7.99, I ask for the Cajun sparkle on the chicken and the fries. I also get a few peppers, because gotta get some veggies into right?! 
My boyfriend is a New Orleans native, isn't he the best for introducing me to Brothers?!My favorite corner store chicken stop after a night of Bourbon street! Service is quick and the chicken is always fresh out the grease. No sitting to dine in so its a perfect quick stop!They didn't have my favorite fruit pies tonight. But the chicken was still great. Always a great late night snack after a long day in the quarter.I didn't want to believe the hype.  There is no way a convenience store could have great fried chicken...no way at all!  But maaaan oh maaaan was I wrong.  I stopped in, got the 2 piece meal deal, walked back to my hotel and devoured the chicken and beans...and all I wanted to do was get more.  I was full and wanted more!  I now know why everyone praises Brothers for their chicken.  Loved it and it may have been the best fried chicken I have ever had.Walked here from the hotel and ordered 3 chicken wings because there was no where to sit. I felt weird walking down street eating my chicken from the box, but hey it's New Orleans. At any rate very good and greasy. The chicken lady wasn't very friendly or personable but the cashier was and made up for the chicken lady's lack of personality.Really, really GOOD fried chicken from a corner convenience store/food mart?! Nooooo Waaaaay!
Brothers Fried Chicken?! YES Waaaaaay!!!
I mean, who woulda thought you'd find super tasty food from a cross between a 7-11, liquor store, and a gas station sundry shop?!?!?! Admittedly, I had my doubts but when our awesome tour guide on our 5 in 1 New Orleans Ghost and Mystery Tour told us that Brothers was her and her husband's favorite fried chicken well, I just had to try it, even though I'd just had Willie Mae's earlier and, even though this Brothers location is located 50 yards from our hotel. 
Fried Chicken twice in one day? Well, this is New Orleans after all and I was on vacation! The hours at Brothers are super convenient and the service is fast. They have the standard sides but also have amazingly tasty meat pies too! As for the chicken, well, it's crisp, crunchy, and has a nice spicy kick! What's more, their prices are super affordable and they even have gizzards! You just have to make sure that the batch of food you get is fresh and hasn't been sitting under the warming lamps for hours on end. While you're there, you can also pick up a six pack of beer, ice cream and cookies and even toothpaste and mouthwash, FTW! Mmm! 
While Brother's doesn't have the quality of food and service that will rival "Dickie Brennan's", for a 24 Hour Food Mart with great prices, I'd certainly be willing to trade in my own brother for this one!!!On canal street? Piss drunk? Grab some fried chikin from Brother's. It's fantastic.3.5 stars for the cheap price and surprisingly flavorful fried chicken. We couldn't find any restaurants open around 3pm-4pm on a Sunday so we gave it a try. Like many have said, there's no where to sit since it's inside a convenience store. We took it back to our hotel room to eat with seasoned fries and beer. It was a solid choice but I wouldn't go overboard and say it's the best chicken ever.Awesome fried chicken!  Crunchy & meaty!  Great prices!  No place to eat cuz it's just a market.  We took it back to our hotel room.  Yum!I went here per my friend's recommendation. 
Don't judge a book by its cover! Or rather, don't be wary of this random convenience store on the edge of the French Quarter. Upon entering this convenience store and seeing piles of chicken sitting under some heat lamps for who knows how long, we quickly lowered our expectations and figured we were in for some dry, stale chicken. However, at 2am, we simply didn't care and just wanted a snack to eat back at the hotel to top off the night. 
The cashier that helped us was friendly and helpful --- we picked up a box of 6 pieces of chicken (wings, legs, thighs), some chips, and some drinks for under $12. I believe the chicken was around $6, pretty darn cheap. A huge line started forming after us, so that was reassuring. We collected some hot sauce and ketchup packets and brought our haul back to our hotel. It was love at first bite! Crispy, well seasoned coating with juicy, moist meat inside. We polished off every piece in that box. We also tried the famous Willie Mae's and I actually prefer this fried chicken for the taste and price point. 
THE SHORT: Highly recommend stopping by this place for some delicious and cheap fried chicken.Can't get to Willie Maes restaurant for world famous southern chicken? Try Brothers fried chicken for a quick meal/snack. The chicken has a slight heat finish after a crunchy and nicely seasoned crunch with a tender piece of chicken. Even better is when the chicken is made fresh, can't beat it!  Also if you like fish, the catfish is cooked to order, it was the best thing I tasted. Light and flaky with the perfect breading.  The meat pies were also tasty, nice flaky pastry filled with flavorful ground meat! I didn't try any of the size dishes as they didn't look overwhelmingly appealing.  Make sure you use the restroom before you order, there wasn't a public restroom restaurant available at this location. 
Give it a try, eat chicken where the locals enjoy - you won't be disappointed!"Fry delis" - are a distinctly southern thing, a serving counter of fried on location foods like chicken, catfish, sausage, biscuits and potato wedges, found at gas stations and other outlets below the Mason Dixon line. I explored a few on a previous sojourn when I was comparing chicken fingers and strips in LA, MS, GA, and AL last year.
This trip was no exception, as I grabbed pieces of fish or chicken to nosh on at various locations on this expedition, including some from "Chester Fried", and 'Krispy Krunchy", two inexpensive (to own) franchises stuck into corners of gas station along the way.
Brother's Food Marts is a local chain of mini-marts (New Orleanians are fiercely loyal to local businesses, some chains have never successfully penetrated the market - like 7-Eleven or Starbucks).  You'll find Brooks scattered around the metro, sometimes as stand alone locations, sometimes at gas stations.  There's one in the CBD (Central Business District) a few steps from the both the French Quarter and my hotel base this trip.  This one is open 24 hours and their fry deli is amply stocked with fish, chicken, and fries, as a "meal combo" or to be purchased by the piece.
Nothing like being able to get a crispy hunk o' catfish at 3 AM, I say.  Which I did.  Later on, down the highway, I hit a Chester's for some strips, which were lightly breaded and H-U-G-E compared to other chicken places.  Tasty.   Course if you want something a little lighter, you can always opt for a cup of boiled peanuts, regular or Cajun seasoned!Wow ! Winner winner Chicken Dinner, greasy goodness sprinkled with allspice or poultry season sooo damn finger licking good. I wanted a biscuit to sop up the tasty grease, the order comes with fries. It's a blend of 7Eleven meets The Kernels brother from another mother.Okay the food is mediocre....but it's 24 hours.... affordable and if you are really broke you can buy half a bag of French Fries for under $2. Whenever I eat here I always have enough leftovers and change (quarters nickels and dimes) to give to the local homeless people hanging around outside..... Okay I'm not perfect....... I love the employees at this location they always put a smile on my face.....am I being subjective? Maybe.....It's a convenience store. They sell Ivory Soap, newspapers, condoms, lottery tickets, Dom Perignon (in a locked glass case), and ridiculously fresh fried chicken. At any hour of the day or night. The chicken comes in cool retro little cardboard boxes. Choose any combination (dark, white, wing, breast, etc.) of your heart's delight. And hope that your heart stays delighted. 
Note: If you have any dietary restrictions or aversions to standing in line with sex workers, cabbies, and drunken tourists, you're in the wrong place.Can't beat less than $3 for a 3 piece box of fried chicken!!  Hit the spot as a late night snack - just be careful walking there cuz its a bit shady...I was hungry, it was late and i was heading back to my hotel room with or without food. Then I remembered that 24hr convenience FRIED CHICKEN place. I figured fine, grab some crappy chicken, protein sucks up the booze. I get my two piece oh chicken and some mashy taters and hike it back to my room. 
   It looks like standard fried chicken, nice and warm. And HOLY Mother of chicken, it was actually quite tasty!!!! As good if not better than Popeye's. The chicken was moist and light, the batter tasty and not overly spiced or over cooked. Never would of thought it. Now keep in mind, I had zero expectations going in, the bar was set REAL low, so I might be a bit generous here, just keep it all in perspective. 
  Anyway, on top of the chicken its  a 24 hour store that is not a Voodoo mart. HURRAY!!!!!! Now that I am in new place, I can't really see myself hanging out in the CBD in the wee hours, but if I was, and I was hungry.........Just WOW!! I thought I had been given incorrect information when someone told me to go here for great fried chicken.  I walked up to what looked like an ickie quicky mart and low and behold when you walk in and head to the back wall there is a see through glass window housing all kind of yumminess.  There was mounds of chicken, chicken tenders, and french friends.  There was a line.  I was chatting with a guy in front of me from Atlanta that said that no trip to New Orleans is complete without him coming here to get Fried Chicken.  He comes 3 times a year. He had tried everything (chicken, fish, chicken tenders) and according to him EVERYTHING was good. Lol....Talking to him had me even more excited.  I really had just stopped by to look because I had already eaten but after that description I ordered two chicken wings.  They are really large wings.  The breasts are HUGE (like the size of youe entire hand..a man hand).  The chicken legs were small.  You pick up your order and then take it to the cashier to pay.  They are open 24 hours.  There can be long lines at times (walked by another day and there was a line outside of the store.  They were only letting so many people in at a time).  
I paid for my wings and took them to my hotel to eat.  I pulled them out and looked at them closely.  They looked crispy, with a nice shine, and again they were large.  I broke a little of the batter off to get the flavor and the flavor was PERFECT!  The seasoning was really good.  They arent spicy just seasoned very well.  The chicken is very crispy but the meat is moist.  As a fellow fried chicken wing connoisseur, I will definitely vouch for this quickie mart deli fried chicken.  A great, unexpected find.  I can definitely see myself stopping by to grab some for lunch and even to soak up some of thode dacquiris after a late night on Bourbon.I came to NOLA 2 years ago and stopped in for a drink, I wish I would've known how good the chicken was then! Went today after our Uber driver suggested it, it is without a doubt the best chicken I've had in NOLA to date. The chicken has a slight heat to it which I love, the fries are amazing as well. My only complaint and it really has nothing to do with Brothers; is the whole "no public restrooms" thing. Which is a common occurrence in NOLA but if I just spent $$$ at your establishment whether it be a 5 star bistro or a dive like Brothers...let me pee at least.Go here and grab the meat pies for $2.  Incredibly delicious!  I also got the fried chicken meal for lunch and was actually surprised on how good the chicken was.  It was very moist.  The only downside of this place is the location because there really isn't anywhere to eat the food.  But the meat pies were so worth it!The fried chicken here is BOMB. My boyfriend's buddy told us about this place before we arrived, and we got lucky our hotel was two blocks away. We came here and got fried chicken inebriated, and came here again sober. I can say, the fried chicken was delicious in both states. Fresh, spicy, salty, and so perfect. I definitely recommend this spot for late night eats!I wish I could give this place 10 stars!!! I was skeptical about this place, but I was referred by two locals; the Bakers at Cafe Du Monde!!
Also, I asked the Brothers who work at the Sheraton; "Is Brothers Chicken REALLY that good?" Their answer was YES!!
I truly appreciate the folks who sent me here- the chicken is amazing. It is super crispy, on the outside, moist on the inside, with a slight spice to it. Did I mention that it is very inexpensive!! They must sprinkle crack on their chicken- the stuff is sooo good. 
I am back in California and I am having SERIOUS Brothers Chicken Withdrawals!!!
DO NOT Waste your time standing in line at MOTHER's!! Their lines are long, (most of) the staff is rude, the prices are high. I had their chicken, for the first time- it was not all that great. I really don't understand what the hype is all about.
Go to BROTHERS Food Mart, and get addicted to this chicken. 
I did not have their meat pies, but I was told that they are great too.yup...this place was just a 24 food mart...but has a section for fried chicken which was so delicious!  don't expect an eating area...this place is strictly "to go".  BTW...who ever started this review got the wrong address...it's two blocks from where it's listed (corner of Bourbon and something...sorry...I was hammered).  Boo on this person!  I had to ask a cop...and he definitely knew where I wanted to go.  8 pcs for roughly 9 bucks!  almost as good as Popeye's chicken...but when you're heading home at 'round 3am...this place is it hits the spot!The chicken was good, and I would have given more stars if the people serving the chicken paid any attention to the customers I had to interrupt them to make an order.  I then asked for ketchup for my french fries and got an attitude that surprised me.  I do not think I will be back simply because of service.Best chicken around !! Brothers is always our first stop when we come to Nola!! You can't go wrong with the 4 piece tender and fries !!!This is a decently stocked convenience store that has a deli/hot food counter with a fairly extensive menu.  Unfortunately, by the time I got there at 8pm, they had sold out of 2/3 of the selection... Sad day for me.
The lady working the food counter had a very thick Creole accent (or was it Caribbean?) and I understood only half of what she said.  But when I asked for something, she would just shake her head and say no which means they were out.  After a while, I would just go down each item on the menu and she would either get me the item or shake her head no.  I asked about the kabob and she said she never ate it so she doesn't know if it's good but it's got sausage and chicken in it.  So I said what the heck, let's do it.
The young girl working the cash register was your typical unaffected youth who didn't want to be there but she wasn't rude, just didn't care much about her job, I guess.
So I got what they had left, here goes!
- Fried chicken 4 piece mix:  The chicken was very tender, and the breast was huge.  The breast meat was as tender as any thigh I have had, which was a good thing.  The hit of the show was the breaking.  It had a light seasoning which gave it a bit of a kick and that was a good balance to the chicken.
- Kabob:  The coating is too thick in my opinion and didn't have much flavor, unlike the fried chicken.  So I just took off the coating and ate the sausage and chicken underneath.  The sausage was very good.  The chicken was your basic shredded leftover chicken breast meat and forgettable.
-  Chicken tenders:  To be fair, this item suffers from freshness issues and if you don't serve them fresh, tenders get dried out and inedible very fast.  The pieces were almost jerky in consistency but I could tell they would be good if fresh.  I gnawed on a few and threw the rest away.
- Meat pie:  Definitely recommend this item if you are into savory pies.  This little delicate crescent pastry is delectable and I could easily eat just 4 of these and call it a day.  Inside the perfectly flaky puff pastry crust is a big mound of seasoned ground pork cooked to perfection.  Each bite gives you a mouthful of juicy and spicy ground pork balanced with the light and flaky pastry crust for a wonderful balance of texture and flavor.
I also picked up some groceries for the rest of the days, soda, water, etc.  in all, not a bad little convenience store for your short stay needs.If you're hungry or need booze - this is a spot to cure what ails you.  Nothing super fancy, nothing high end and the chicken is NOT Popeye's but if you need to sober up - BOOM, job done!  I found the layout to be typical convenience store and pricing was ok.  Nothing to shout about but don't you dare close it cause it was only a block from the hotel!  LOLYum!! Worth the line wait. Signs say don't tip, but the service is definitely worthy of leaving 20% on ilthe table.Yelp says they have gas and after a nightmare in traffic it turns out they do not sell gasYou Drink. You Hungry.
After spending a good amount of time on Bourbon Street you will most likely become intoxicated which will lead to those devilish late night food cravings.  There's not too many places serving food at this time, but we came across a Food Mart on Yelp that served fried chicken.  The best part about it is that it was across the street from our hotel!
There is no service.  The chicken is pre-cooked and under heating lamps (similar to KFC and Popeyes).  You tell them what you want, you pay and you're on your merry way.  I was a little hesitant on the quality of the chicken since we had no idea how long it's been sitting out there, but we were in for a pleasant surprise.  The chicken was super moist and tasty.  You can see them frying fresh chicken constantly since they have a pretty good turnover rate.  This put any fried chicken I've had from KFC or Popeyes to shame!  Someone needs to tell them that it is possible to keep your chicken moist and tender under heating lamps!!!!!!!
This was such a nice surprise.  This is perfect drunk food, tasty and greasy!
#hellaYUMMSThis place is a fried chicken paradise. I came here a few months ago, while in town for a bachelorette party. The idea of a fried chicken shop/liqour store had my name written all over it, so it had to be checked out. Conveniently placed within stumbling distance from our hotel, we frequented this establishment multiple times during our stay. The chicken was much better than expected, the staff friendly and did I mention that its open 24 hours? because it is, and that is glorious. 
Now you may think that my judgement was clouded by alcohol, but it was not. This chicken was tasty & crispy, and some of the best fried chicken I've had in my life.Decent late night food after a night of drinking. Service is somewhat slow and then the guy is rather ride once you get to the counter... Don't take it personally. They are also pretty stingy with napkins & condiments so make sure you are clear in your demands for them.This place is great for a late night snack. The fried chicken is the best. I would have given them 5 stars but they are ALWAYS out of side orders, like mashed potatoes. 
Great location. It's near the French quarter, and lots of hotels.Late night chicken run, Boom this is the place. ( It's just a 24hour food Mart).  Chicken is good  especially if they just cooked the chicken. Very tasty Yum. And way cheaper than Willie's chicken. But don't get thirsty, the soda is way too expensive.After a night of bachelorette partying, we hungry single ladies wanted fried chicken.  Our cab driver (who probably thought we were crazy) drove us to this convenience store, which is supposedly known for their fried chicken and meat pies.  
Prices for dark meat (the best way to enjoy fried chicken):
2-piece $2.69
3-piece $2.99
4-piece $3.99
8-piece $7.99
12-piece $9.99
25-piece $19.99
Convenience: located one block from the Astor Crowne Plaza
So we grabbed a box of fried dark meat and walked back to our hotel.  Someone snagged a piece before we could take a pic of the contents: 
O M G, forget waiting in line or trekking all the way to Willie Mae's during limited open hours (two failed attempts during our 4-day trip).  Brother's Food Mart is the go-to place for tasty, crispy, and moist fried chicken and lives up to their slogan: Often Imitated, Never Duplicated!So I was in the quarter for xmas '13. on a recommendation, tried this chicken - OMFG it is the best! the locals don't eat popeyes. i was fantasizing about this chicken on the plane ride back to dc. I understand everyone has personal taste, but if you don't like this one, (hit me up and I"ll give you your money back) wish they had these in other places....I hate to dkride, but its that good. only thing missing is a sitdown place, but it's a convenient store so, i got over it.This chicken was amazingly crispy and tasty. I would def recommend coming here you want some good southern fried chicken.  Although I did not like the meat pie the chicken was worth the 5 star rating.Late night fried chicken? Yes please!
This place looks like your average convenient store but crispy, fresh, tasty fried chicken is inside! Best fried chicken I've ever had? Nope. But it's still damn good especially with some Louisiana hot sauce dribbled on it. Adding a small order of fries was probably the best decision I made yesterday. They were large flavorful steak fries and the "small" was freaking huge!
These kinds of happiness-givers aren't found everywhere, so enjoy it NOLA! My mouth is officially watering and I'm thinking about getting me some more fried chicken. BOMB.This place would not be somewhere I would typically go to but we didn't feel like waiting for Mother's chicken. Came in here twice during our stay and it was delicious both times. Fried chicken and fried fish are awesome. Only drawback was the second time I came in I waited 30 mins for the fish to get done and this is a pretty quick spot to pick up from. The staff at night were somewhat rude when asked about the status but I understand they make that to order and are busy late at night. I prefer this over Mother's and will be back despite one small issue with customer service.Reliving my week in NOLA and remembered that Fried Chicken out there is just too gud! We have places out here that are gud but not too gud! KJ's, Foodland, Likelike all make decent fried chicken but no one in Hawaii can touch what they do in New Orleans!
This was one of the 2 best places I went to and who'd think great fried chicken would come out of a fast-stop looking shop... one of my buddies got word of mouth about this place so we went in... Brothers reminds me of the Carl's Jr. on Nimitz but instead of having burgers, they have fried chicken! 
What makes NOLA Fried Chicken better than any in Hawaii? 1) The Batter... everyone has a unique recipe to batter but how to fry chicken with just the right amount of batter is just as important than what's inside the batter. Brother's batter is tasty, crispy, and fried jus right! 2) The Meat... many places in Hawaii only concentrate on the outside of the chicken, but Brother's in NOLA also does the inside just as gud as the outside! How many times have you bitten into a piece of Hawaii made fried chicken and noticed how hard or dry the meat was? At Brother's the meat is JUICY! Oh, it's cooked all the way through, but that sucker is moist and oh so wonderful! Think you've had better? Well, if you're like me and haven't enjoyed southern style fried chicken till recently this is really close to the best! 3) The $... at convenience store prices this is a steal! (Please don't raise the prices) So economical and tasty it's hard to believe you can have both, but at Brother's you can! 
Don't know what Hawaii is missing, but someone needs to bring this kine of chicken to my homeland... Please! But, if you're in NOLA and need to feed, visit Brother's and get a box or a bucket of their Amazing Fried Chicken... maybe bring me one or a few too... Grind On! Pau!If you want grease flavored fried chicken and nasty fries served by unfriendly foreign men you should try this place. Had to get the fries because they were out of all the other sides. WILL NEVER GO BACK OR RECOMMEND THIS PLACE‼Cheap eats! Good  Fried  Chicken and beer from corner store never gets old.My boyfriend and I had been dating only a month when we took our first trip together to New Orleans this past June. The first vacation together as a new couple can be tough, and that's why you need to make sure your hotel is as close to Brothers Food Mart as possible. Nothing will get you through those awkward beginning stages of a relationship like sharing a box of Brothers crispy dark meat fried chicken and a bottle of champagne in Jackson Square at 8am. You can do this because Brothers Food Mart is 24 hours and they have chicken all the time. If you're feeling crazy, and maybe want to blow off that concert you bought tickets for at The Joy Theater, bring a few meat pies and a box of chicken back to the hotel bed and get to know each other. This fried chicken is better than anything you had planned.  Brothers Food Mart also has a large selection of booze and male enhancement pills, if you're looking for a rock hard New Orleans weekend. Brothers is for lovers.Yes, it's convenience store, but they have some of the best fried chicken around. Perhaps the best I've had, and I grew up in the south. During our visit to NOLA, we dined at some amazing high end restaurants, all great, but for quick inexpensive meal, grab some chicken, fries, wine or beer and head out to a nice park.You fast and good? Head over to your nearest Brother's Gas Station and step on over to where the line forms in front of the plexigas window.
The food is cheap and it's good.  You say what?  Why?  Well, they cater to the masses and so it's cheap and affordable.  The steak fries with the cajun seasoning on them is what keeps me coming back. 
For just $4 bucks you can even get a catfish plate--comes with fried catfish, steak fries, and a roll.  Damn those fries were good.
Parking can be crummy because of all the other people pumping gas, asking for directions, buying lottery tickets, and whatever else you might need at the gas station.  But come on by for some fast food if you ever nearby a Brothers Gas Station
Cash and credit card are accepted.
Dont let kids run amuck in the store.Amazing fried chicken. I have been here 3 times on separate occasions and the food was top notch each and every time. I will be back in July when I am there again for work.Fried chicken was excellent at midnight. We spotted the food counter walking back to hotel late after parading last night and said, "Why not." Cheap, fresh and good down home New Orleans Brothers Fried Chicken in a convenient store.  Excellent!!!  Got one of those meat pies, too, and scarfed it down. Not the freezer burned machine made kind either. It was good, and iI'm really not a meat pie fan. No need to second guess this one.Amazing Fried Chicken!!!!!!!! (and unlike many of the other posters here, we weren't drunk and it wasn't late night. lol!) This place is a bit of a dive but close your eyes, get your chicken, and eat it up - YUM!This isn't really a fried chicken restaurant.  Rather, it's a nice, clean liquor store that sells fried chicken.  If you're drunk and hungry and need something to soak up all that alcohol, this is a great late night option.
FOOD: The chicken was hot, crispy, and pretty flavorful.  They had run out of white meat, but that was no big deal.  8 pieces for $8.99.
DRINKS: They sell pretty much everything you could want including single beers.  A six pack of Coors Banquet set us back $8.49 and a large bottle of water was $1.89.
SEATING:  There is no seating here, so you'll have to take your food to go.  Or, if you're too drunk to get home, you can just walk a block or so away and sit on the sidewalk.The chicken tendered were lousy.  Maybe getting regular chicken is better.  I would not recommend this place.  It's overrated.