Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing 
get the ribs and grits. The serve staff is so pleasant and kind. Their burgers are excellent as well! My aunt lives in New Orleans about seven or eight minutes and from Brown Butter Southern Kitchen . And it is one of her favorite places. So if you visit New Orleans and you wonder where the locals eat this is one of those places. My aunt has lived in New Orleans for many, many years and her office is off bourbon street so she is well informed when it comes to great places to eat.Had the most amazing dinner at Brown Butter.  I already knew the Beef Short Ribs with grits were phenomenal from the last time I ate here but some of my new favorite dishes are the Seared Sea Scallops with corn pudding and the Pork Belly with Oysters. We also enjoyed some heavenly desserts too.  Wow, the Crème Brûlée and Salted Caramel Pie! Drinks and service were excellent as well.  Everything was divineCustomer service was great the food and portions not so much our waiter had great service. We decided to try this place as we arrived to new orleans the atmosphere is really quiet and not a fun place. If you are looking for authentic New Orleans food this is not the spot for you. Prices are reasonable drinka are expensive and not very good.My first time visiting this mid city restaurant. The vibe of the restaurant was really nice cool. I had the Brown Butter Burger and fries.  The burger was just OK, not as seasoned as I would have liked it to be.  I was hoping to taste the blend used in the burger, but at the end of the day it taste like just a regular burger.This place has excellent food but the waitress was probably not the best. We ended up waiting almost 30 minutes for our food and appetizer to come at the same time. If that waitress is fired, the food alone is 4.5 stars or higher.Excellent food and service. Brunch consisted of a more limited menu, but everything was done well. Burger was one of the best in the city (as good, if not better than Cowbell). The side of brussel sprouts with lemon salt were also delicious. Glad to have another brunch option in the neighborhood!Best brunch burger, my husband had the soul bowl AMAZING oh and the thin fried pickles were the best I've tried so far super crunchy we'll be backSucculent burger!  Absolutely delicious. Brussels sprouts were better than mine!! 
Garlic aoili fries were spectacular! 
New eatery on our circuit!please tell everyone chicken and waffles do not go together, it is a forced meal that some hungry clown started. chicken and waffles do not mix.Great food and service. Brown Butter Burger was really good. My husband loved the short ribs on grits.I am so bummed. I've been waiting for ages to try this place and I was left with one big disappointment.
Okay, so I was here with my dad on a Friday for lunch. We got here at about 1 and we were seated immediately- great! I was here for the restaurant week lunch special, but I think they might do the $20/3 course special all the time, I'm not sure.
For my three courses I decided on the thin cut fried pickles, the shrimp and grits and the bread pudding. The thin cut fried pickles were great! Lightly battered and not heavy or overly filling. This was a great starter. The shrimp and grits were okay. The grits were decent, but not the best I have ever had and on the somewhat bland side. The shrimp are tail-on, but they were cooked nicely and were a good size and juicy.
My main reason for the 3 stars is the fact that they were out of bread pudding and we weren't informed until the end of our meal. The reason we decided to even have lunch here was because we wanted the bread pudding. Honestly, I feel like they should have either put two bread puddings aside at the beginning of the meal when we ordered, or they should have come out and said that they were out of bread pudding. I just felt like I had been kind of tricked and I don't like that feeling. And how do you run out of bread pudding two hours into lunch? Instead of bread pudding we were given chocolate torte and it was okay, but I wasn't in the mood for chocolate at all.
Anyway, the owner was super sweet and the service was good. I just don't know if I'll be back or not.First let me say that the server was good and the Bloody Marys were tasty. The wait for the food was way too long and the food was not good. The food was cold and bland. Disappointing to pay so much for bad food.The meal was not good at all. The pork ribs were dry, the "pickled apple slaw" was just sliced green apples as far as I could tell, it was sprinkled with crushed smoked almonds which tasted like they came out of a can, and the farro risotto was almost inedible and tasted like soggy oatmeal (but we tried to eat at much as we could to be polite). My husband's old fashioned cocktail tasted like soda. Eventually our waiter caught on to how disappointed we were with the food and asked me if everything was okay. I told him that I didn't like it and that my husband had a few bites of my dish, but other than that, I would not be eating it. He looked confused and said he would see what he could do and then he came back with the bill and took half off the entrée I never ate. After dinner we walked across the street for a cannoli to try to erase the bad experience/taste. 
Other info: Brown Butter is a relatively casual place with a southern hipster feel (e.g., your bill comes in a mason jar) that is located in a strip mall where an old chicken wing place (name: WOW) used to be located. When we went there they had mostly meat options and a fish special and a strange combo of pork and scallops. No salads. Not really vegetarian friendly. Mostly greasy meat. They use an iPad to place orders and swipe your credit card and the minimum tip amount allowed is 20%. We weren't planning on tipping less, but thought the lack of option was a tacky move.Good food. I got the chicken waffle sandwich and it was delicious, my husband got the steak and eggs that was pretty good. The cornbread and biscuit appetizer came with 2 butters and a jam, which was kind of fun and different.Wow! Brunch was absolutely delicious in this cute little mid city spot! The Bloody Mary's were perfect (the best we've had in quite a while). I highly recommend the boudin hash, the rusty screen door, and the salmon Benny! We will definitely be back!I recently had my second brunch visit here and it exceeded my expectations. My first visit here I had the brunch burger and had been dreaming of it ever since. I had to have it again and finally made a reservation. I made said reservation on 5/20 for 12:45. Upon arriving we were greeted by the hostess who apologized because our table was not yet ready. They did have a full dining area and she stated we could eat at the bar or just wait there for our table. We decided to sit at the bar and have a couple of mimosas while we waited. The bartender asked if we would be eating at the bar which we then let him know we were just waiting for our table to become available. He seemed genuinely apologetic, so much that he said the first round of mimosas were on the house. Shortly after the hostess came over to let us know our table was ready. We were seated at a spacious comfortable booth. Barely warming our seats the bartender soon followed with "The Basket". He proceeds to tell us this too is on the house due to our very short wait. We were so excited being that was one of the appetizers we planned on trying. Our server was witty and pleasant. We never needed to ask for anything because he was on top of it all. My burger was just as amazing as my first time, if not better. We also got to try their new brunch item, "Honey Cluck'n Biskit", which is another must try item! They also now offer $15 mimosa pitchers, can't beat that. Looking forward to my next visit.Exceptional service, food was awesome and full of flavor, servers were attentive and responsive. Could have asked for a better place to have Mother's Day brunch. Will be back for sure. (Dallas native)We visited while in town and had a great brunch on mothers day. It wasnt too crowded and the customer service was great from the time we walked into the door until the time we walked out! The bar tender Kat was great, very attentive and friendly! The fokd was so savory and good.  I had the short rib which was very tender and filling! We will definately be back when we are in town!Great food, Easy location to get to. 
Awesome drink specials. Service was wonderful. 
We had the burger, bread basket and grits which were all delicious. 
Wait wasn't too long. No complaints. 
We will definitely come back again very soon.Best shrimp and grits, and the fried dill pickles heavenly!! Prices are reasonable especially compared to the quality!!! 100% recommend!Just tried this place for the first time. Their Time Traveler Cocktail was delightful! We also ordered the mussels and fries which did not last long because they were so yummy and I got the shrimp with white beans and yogurt - that was so delicious. Must try this place. We will definitely be back to try brunch!The atmosphere was a nice, quiet, clean and quick. I had the Butter Burger and asked for it well done. It came out to me medium well. The waiter Scott was nice and quick. I also ordered a sweet tea and it was unsweet. The prices are a little high to say my food didn't come as I ordered. They give you a limited to menu for brunch and lunch. I loved how they had logs cut to hold the condiments. Try them out to see if you enjoy the restaurant.Excellent service! Staff is very good! I recommend trying the Oyster T.L.T. Glad I stopped by to try this place out! I will definitely be back!After my second experience at Brown Butter, I thought it would be appropriate to post a review of meals we had.  The first lunch I had was the chicken and waffle sandwich.  As everyone has stated it is not an actual waffle, but sourdough bread pressed in a waffle iron.  This sandwich was spectacular with the shredded chicken and the maple syrup on top!  Also, my first experience with the Brussels sprouts left me wanting more.  My second meal was a special for the day.  It was the braised beef spare ribs with corn grits.  The meat had a slight smokey flavor and was perfectly cooked.  The corn grits were good and creamy.  And of course, I enjoyed another side of the Brussels sprouts again.  Don't sell yourself short next time your in the mid city area...visit this place!!Very very good! I wish I had more of an appetite that day. The atmosphere was my favorite but the staff was very fun and friendly. 
We had the brown butter burger! It was great!! Next time I'll ask for more cheese bit I was super satisfied. 
This is my friends favorite place and I understand why. We also had the grilled Brussels sprouts and the garlic fries. We where there at happy hour, which is a great deal. It's in my neighborhood so I'll be back. 
This is a great date spot. It's cozy and a good place to sit and talk.Food was awesome. Fried pickles for an app were great. Very thin cut pickles with a very light batter make for a perfect snack. Chicken and "waffle" sandwich with fries and the chicken fried chicken sandwich with Brussels sprouts for lunch, they were all delicious. Fresh cut fries with garlic aioli, sprouts were maybe the best I've ever had. Definitely a good choice and for a very reasonable price. Both sandwiches with side were under $12 each, which isn't much more expensive than fast food, and the quality was needless to say 100's of times better!
As far as location goes, it's in the booming area of mid city in the back of a little strip mall on Carrolton and Beinville. Exterior wise it's kind of bare but don't let that drive you away. Interior is nice and new with a cool set up. 
Don't miss out on Brown Butter!Greasy and overpriced food, my poutine potatoes were dripping oil, and we waited forever for our main. Only disappointing meal had in New Orleans so far. We won't be back.Everything very delicious!!!
I had the chicken and waffles and for chocolate cheese for dessert!!!
All very delicious and highly recommended!!Waited 10 minutes for water. 45 minutes and no food yet. It could be good, but, I don't think I will come back. It just takes to dang long.We stumbled upon this place randomly, and left hungry and disappointed! We got the special, which was "steak and eggs with boudin hash"... it was literally 4 bite-sized pieces of steak with a fried egg on top and the boudin was the size of the egg. This would have been fine as an appetizer but as a main course, not even close, especially for $17! The only reason this review got 2 stars from me is because the sweet potatoes and fried pickles were good. Will definitely not be returning.The crab mac n cheese was delicious got there and found out that you could only order from lunch menu. Fried pickles were just alright. My wife ordered asked for butter with her waffles but the waiter never brought it after he kept passing us.Cute restaurant, friendly staff, and great food. We were just passing by and decided to try this place for brunch. The Rusty Screen Door is delicious! I can not wait to go back and eat it again. The fried pickles are pretty good also. The only bad thing was that they were out of Mimosas when we were there, but the owner reached out and offer us one on the house next time we are in town. Very sweet people :) 
There is a small bar area if you are looking for that.As seen on Diners, Dives and Drive in's. We had the crab Mac and cheese. Wow, so good, worth the trip just for this appetizer! If you get this as an appetizer, it's very rich so share a burger. My wife and I ordered burgers and we could have shared one. I had the brunch burger which was amazing. She had the pimento cheeseburger which was equally amazing!Went here for brunch and loved it! The brunch menu wasn't huge, but it was diverse enough to please any palette. I enjoyed just reading the menu because you can tell that each dish had been very though out: loved the fusion of Korean flavors (Seoul burger/Bowl) into a more Southern context and the elevation of classic Southern components. Brunch began with a $7 Bloody Mary special, and it did not disappoint. I ordered the Rusty Screen Door, a play on an eggs Benedict, and loved every bite. The biscuits that anchored this dish were perfectly fluffy, crispy, and buttery. Our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu, and was very accommodating for our large group. I'm excited to see the growth of this restaurant, and I'm even more excited to come back for dinner the next time I'm in town!This place is great, and a wonderful addition to Mid City! I went for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and had the fried pickles, which were awesome. They are so light and delicious (although a tad on the salty side--maybe that's just me). The pimento cheese sandwich sounds plain, but it's wonderful, as are the two sides that my mom and I got, the sweet potatoes and brussels sprouts. 
The price was right, and we got out for pretty cheap on what I would classify as a pretty good lunch. I'm looking forward to trying it for dinner soon, especially now that I heard they received their liquor license! 
Only complaint--it was REALLY cold in there. For a warm afternoon, I definitely needed a sweater.I had the green tomato and crab Benny and I.T was absolutely delicious. I expected a little bit more for the price but the taste compensated for that. I also ordered a mimosa and my boyfriend had the sangria, both were absolutely delicious!Amazing service and amazing food!! Everything on the menu is too die for!!! Would definitely recommend and would come back!! A must if visiting NOLA!Several things I like about Brown Butter
- Casual, chill atmosphere 
- Parking lot 
- On Open Table 
- The unapologetically unhealthy ode to comfort food. 
Everyone raves about the pickle chips and I am a pickle chip connoisseur so I knew I had to try them. They are thin and crispy so they actually have a very slight pickle flavor due to the batter to pickle ratio. Even if a person didn't like pickles they probably be on board with these. For hardcore pickle lovers, I'd skip it next time. 
The pimento cheeseburger is where its at, my friends. I would dare to say, it ranks in the top 3 cheeseburgers I've ever had. They don't skimp on the pimento so every bite is loaded with cheesy goodness. No healthy vegetables are getting in the way of this hearty meal. That would just in in the way of all the meat and cheese, really. The house cut fries are the obvious, yet perfect side to round out this Southern charm burger. When I'm in the mood for a juicy, cheesy burger I know where I'm headed. 
The service was also good, and attentive. Its a small cozy place so reservations is recommenrded for a larger group.Last day of Coolinary Month and we spent it with Brown Butter and Chicago....our new favorite server.  The special was corn soup with pickled shrimp and it was amazing.  My husband, the vegetarian, got it too with the shrimp on the side so I got double shrimp.  We both agreed the soup was perfection.  He wasn't very hungry so settled for watching me eat the fried chicken on brioche which was crisp and succulent.  Chicago, our charming server, meanwhile was concocting some decaf ice coffee super strong and just right.  Since we were the last customers before closing and we were enjoying our conversation about the city of Chicago with our server, we never got around to our bread pudding dessert.  They packed it up for us to enjoy during the football game tonight.  Cant wait to go back for the pimento cheese...or maybe brunch.Took a group of 12 here last week, while in town for a conference.  I asked around for a place that does southern food with a twist, could accommodate a group, and takes reservations.  It hit on all points.  The staff was great and the food is outstanding.  Everyone in the group enjoyed their meal immensely.  I was a little worried that we might be loud, since the seated us in the middle of the restaurant, but it didn't seem to be an issue.  
FOOD - I can't speak for everyone's food, but we shared orders of the fried pickles, which were delicious.  While this isn't rocket science, they did a good job of keeping them fresh tasting and lightly breaded.  Also had the liver pate, which was delicious and very mild tasting.  We had to request more bread to finish it off, but there was no way it was going to waste.  A couple of my friends got the Seoul Bowl and loved it.  One wasn't sure if he'd like kimchi, hating saurkraut, but this dish may have won him over.
My main course was a special of the night - a local whitefish (sorry, don't recall the name) served on collard greens and macaroni and cheese.   I was worried the mac and cheese would be overpowering but it was a perfect combination of flavors and textures.  Really awesome.
SETTING - While the restaurant isn't much to look at from the outside, sort of hidden on the side of a modern corner complex, it is very nice inside.  The location in mid-city is great.  I'm confident that the cost would have been much higher if we had stayed downtown.First time to try BB. Very nice staff started the experience in the right direction. Our hostess and waitress were super sweet.  The food made the experience even better. We started with the bread basket which had a mix of corn bread and biscuits that really complemented the flavored butters and jam. The house specialty short ribs and grits were top notch but in close competition were the fried green tomatoes with crab meat  and the burger. We will definitely be back to expand on the menu. I didn't give 5 stars only because the items were just slightly over priced by $1-3 but that is just being picky and in comparison to similar menus such as High Hat. Overall great experience and excellent food!This was my first visit to Brown Butter and I was not disappointed. The restaurant was cozy and comfortable. 
I visited for coolinary month and had the following...
Chilled Sweet Corn Soup with pickled shrimp and yogurt
Pimento Cheese Sandwich on multigrain bread with apple pecan chutney, arugula, sliced green apple and fries.
Vanilla Bean Bread Pudding with brown butter rum sauce.
Lauren was awesome and told us a few stories about the wood that was cut and holding the salt and pepper shakers and the decor of the restaurant.  
I would definitely go back and visit again. 
Parking is easy but get there when they open.  We got there at 11:15 and had not problem parking or getting a seat.  By the time we left a little after noon there was no parking outside and many tables and the bar area was filled.great experience!  Our waitress was a delight and makes us want to go back.  We tried the Oyster T& T, Chicken and Waffles, Egg Salad Sandwich and a special that was Brie and Nutella on a crossaint. French Fries were outstanding!  Really liked the fried goat cheese too.  Go see them.  You will be thrilled with the food and the prices are terrific too!I love the atmosphere! It's dark and woody! Parking can be a challenge on brunch days.  I love the fact that when we ordered our items, the servers have an mini iPad to place the orders immediately instead of walking back to the computer or hand written orders.  The kitchen recieves the order immediately once the server saves the order! 
We decided to get the crab Mac and Cheese.  Super flavorful.  Crab is slightly crusted. Shells were seeping with the pimento cheese sauce! It was cheesy and rich.  I wish there was more of it.  Portion size was barely a cup worth.  For $12.00, I would expect more than a cup to share as an appetizer.  You can see my pic.  It's not a deep dish at all.  Disappointed in portion size...happy for flavor. 
Brunch burger was delicious!!! I always get it medium rare!  Had a nice crust on it. Cooked the way I liked it.  It's topped with a sunny side up egg so that after you spread on the homemade mayo, you smash down your burger for that gooey yoke to overflow your already deliciously seasoned burger! I would love more arugala on my burger.  I loved the melted Brie on the burger! I usually don't eat Brie! The other thing that brought a bit of saltiness and sweetness to the burger was the bacon onion jam!  Man I can just eat it directly with rice if I could!!! Homemade shoestring fries were yummy as well! I love the homemade ketchup! All of this on one plate for a magical price of $12.00!!! Completely worth checking out this joint!!!Not a bad thing on the menu. A little more pricey than I would have thought. The waitress was awesome.  The owners have some sort of connection to Texas so they have some Texas beers on the menu. Good food though.We wanted to try something new. We should've stuck to our original plan. Food was okay, however, we wait over 45mins.
The chicken and waffles was underwhelming. The syrup was burnt and had such bitter taste. The salmon Benny was okay but the portions were small, the hoe cakes were tiny and thin. The sweet potato hash was way too sweet but nice texture. I probably won't eat here in the future.We order the steak tartare it was great! The customer service was excellent! The hot fish starter was inedible its was like eating a pile of salt. I suggest trying other starters.Went for a birthday brunch with 12 people. I ordered the Lox and Toast, which was delicious and light, but filling. We visited from Houston and my bf was wearing an Astros jersey, coincidentally the owner of the est. was a huge fan and gave our table two desserts on the house. The chocolate cake was too rich for me for the morning, but I looooooved the brie turnover. The waiter was nice and attentive. Oh and the fried pickles were good too, they serve it with house-made ranch, not hidden valley. Will be coming back.Man this is a fun place to eat! The service is always great and the food is very creative and tasty.  The Brunch Burger is my favorite burger in townFirst time tonight eating here. Appetizers delicious and nice portions. But, the entree was so small. Supposed to have Brussel sprouts. Had maybe 5 leaves of one Brussel sprout. Would R least 4-5 whole ones be too much to ask?  Flavor of scallops were delicious but portion was insufficient. I'm still hungry!!We loved it!  The space is warm and welcoming and rustic.  It was a perfect atmosphere to catch up with a good friend over supper.  We got the fried pickles while trying to decide what else to order.  They are light, and they are addictive. I had the special appetizer - scallop tortellini in a creamy vegetable broth (which isn't exactly the right description of it... it was poured tableside). It was awesome!  Simple and complex at the same time, and wonderfully flavorful. It was like sampling a chef's winning dish on "Top Chef". I also got the shrimp and chickpeas, which normally wouldn't appeal to me, but our server highly recommended it.  She was right!  It seems a like strange combination at first, but it had a variety of flavors and textures that went together perfectly.  I also had the fried oyster salad, and it was great, too. My friend got the fish special: red fish on the half shell with some dilled potatoes and vegetables.  It was generous portion,  My friend devoured the whole thing, and she's usually a light eater, so I know it was good.  I was full, but I had to try dessert. The toasted chocolate and cheese was a fitting end to the meal. There were only two slight distractions in our meal.  I got the housemade cream soda, and I really liked it (better than any commercial soft drink, by far), but I only knew to ask about it from reading previous reviews.  I couldn't find it listed on any of the menus.  And, the variety of greens in the oyster salad were nice, but some of them needed torn or cut.  Some of the pieces were longer/wider than my fork.  The service could not have been better.  It's like all the employees, and even the owner who was there, were working together as a team. It looked like some of the chefs were coming out of the kitchen to serve some of the food themselves. Our server was sweet and expertly answered our questions.  Overall, it was a great meal with creative and delicious food and friendly and attentive service. 5 stars!!!Hands down one of my FAVORITE brunch spots. The shrimp and grits are amazing...The best part is...NO WAIT.Bummed that the chicken waffle sandwich was only for lunch. Had the ribs and they were cooked perfectly. Oysters and heirloom tomatoes were good, but lacked a little on the flavor side.This food is amazing here!  The menu changes enough to keep you coming back but if you want an amazing take on burger...seriously try every burger. 
The beef short ribs/grits are to die for as well!Everything here was good. We got the brown butter burger with side of brussels sprouts, a Seoul bowl, and a side salad with brown butter dressing. Was delicious. Burger came with two beers for happy hour.This place was a disappointment.  I had the pimento cheese appetizer it was just ok.   I ordered the burger medium well, it was burnt. I sent it back.  They made me a new one, it was well done.Went Saturday evening for dinner. The restaurant has a country cozy feel to it.  I ordered the lemon fish and my husband got the burger. We also got the macaroni  with crab meat and fried pickles for an appetizer.  I did not see or taste much if any crab meat in the macaroni so i would not recommend it. But my 2 year old liked it. Based on previous reviews we got the fried pickles. They were different then most fried pickles at other restaurants bc they are thinly sliced. They were good but still it's just a fried pickle. Everything else was good and cooked perfectly.Ok. My friend has been here and had a really good experience so we decided to go for lunch. 
We were greeted immediately by a very friendly guy and the interior had a really comfortable southern-chill out vibe, so much so that my friend and I sat for awhile taking our time talking and eating longer than we typically do. 
My friend wanted to order an appetizer to split but we couldn't agree on one and are both stubborn so we each ordered the ones we wanted and tried a little of each. My friend ordered the pimento cheese and toast and I ordered the fried pickles. 
The pimento cheese and toast app was really good! I can't lie, being southern means I have always loved certain basic southern things like pimento cheese. This app was a little stack of crispy crustinis and some pimento cheese in a bowl with pecans over part of the top and some sliced green apples. It was amazing. If you like or have never had pimento cheese you need to try this.
The fried pickles were unlike any I've ever had but were fantastic. Mostly I've only had pickles fried with cornmeal and these were done without cornmeal which gave them a less heavy taste and made them highly addictive. Maybe too addictive??
I am a burger freak, I admit it and I've read some good things about BB's burgers from other reviews so I decided to try the Brown Butter burger. The ground beef is a brisket blend which makes for an interesting burger. I was excited! The seasoning was spot on and it was cooked perfectly, exactly like I ordered--mid rare. The brioche bun was nice and they are generous with the B&B pickles.
After my first bite my friend looked at me wondering what I thought about the burger because we go out to eat a lot and he knows I am a burger guy and I was just like 'this burger is on point'. 
Now, something else that made me really happy (that's worth mentioning again) was that they cooked my burger the way I asked them to, mid rare. I feel like some places just assume I mean medium and others look at me like I'm a vampire for wanting a mid rare burger but that's how I like it and that is how they cooked it for me.
This place is cool, I like that the menu is not gigantic, I admire places like BB that do a handful of things exceptionally instead of trying to do a truckload of things half-ass. Also, I LOVE that it is not a chain. Although it's new I have no doubt it'll join the ranks of the restaurants responsible for NOLA being food-famous.Admittedly, I only ate the sweet potato and Tasso hash.  The previous night, I drank enough for me and the person looking at this review.  I wasn't feeling hungry in the least bit - and then I looked at the Sunday Brunch menu.  My wife and I started with an iced coffee (which needed no sweetener at all).   We ordered the biscuit/cornbread appetizer with accompanying spreads - holy crap - why don't they offer take home sizes of those spreads?!  I am not a biscuit fan, normally - but I found myself eating the hell out of those biscuits just so I could have more of the accompanying spreads! 
My wife ordered the Eggs Benedict and my hungover self ordered the side of sweet potato and Tasso hash.  I found her fork in my dish and my fork in her dish a little too often.   This tells me we ordered the right things and we can't wait to order more of the right things - as well as trying new things.  
I'm sure you won't be disappointed by this place - but you may want to make reservations.  We didn't have any - and we were seated as such - but the place got crowded fast by those with reservations.  I assume if you can make it before church lets out on Sunday, you may be ok.  If you are hungover like I was and are a late sleeper, maybe a reservation is in your best interest.Well, I finally made my way during a not so busy lunch hour and of course it was several months after the opening, but I digress. 
Lots of tasty sounding items were on the menu & despite reading reviews before entering, I was still confused on what to choose. So, I opted for the Brown Butter Southern Prix Fixe; (I selected the salad, short ribs, brussel sprouts & bread pudding) which afforded me an option to try, small plates of an appetizer, entree, a dessert & a drink of my choice. The small portion size allowed me to complete ALL THREE COURSES; this was a first. 
I found the cost to be just right per individual. 
I'll have to return for a dinner run to see what that menu entails. 
The service was good as it was the lunch hour and we were only one of two couples inside.Very disappointed after all of the great reviews I read here. The gf and u have been in a roll of great Friday night meals lately. Toup's Meatery, Angeline, Cafe Degas. 
Our problems  started at the front door. The hostess pointed to a two top that was directly in line with the door, just two feet from the end if the welcome mat. She pointed! Menus were already set in the table. She didn't even walk around the host stand to show us to the table. 
The front dining area was so dimly lit that tables around us had to use their cell phones to read the menu. While all the surrounding tables had condiments that included salt, pepper, hot sauce and pickled peppers, ours was bare. The server took well over 5 minutes to approaches the table. After introducing herself, her first words to us were, "Any questions about the menu?"
We order beer since the wine list was small and overpriced. Everything on it would have been available at Rouse's for much less. With over 40 years in the business I know if a list has more than three wines from the same label, it was probably out together by a wine rep that needed some placements. Our appetizer of fried pickles was large and well presented. The thin sliced pickles were coated with a crunchy breaking, but even in the dim light we could see a sheen of oil coating the entire order and a puddle in the plate beneath the pickles. It seemed that the pickles went straight from the fryer to the plate without being allowed to drain. This gave the pickles a flavor of used fry oil that was very unpleasant. 
I ordered the AGED Duck Breast with Dirty Farro. This consisted of 4 small slices of over cooked and rubbery duck breast served over a tasty but very salty rider of Farro. My companion ordered the New York Strip Steak. The presentation was very nice and the steak was a perfect medium as ordered, but it was the most flavorless and bland piece of red meat I've ever tasted. I think they used all of the salt in the Farro and had nine left to season the steak. Since we had no condiments on the table we had to flag down the server to get salt and pepper. She seemed offended that we thought the food needed it. 
When serving the meal, our server asked if I would like another beer. I said yes and was immediately told, "We just ran out of that one."
After a disappointing meal we were hoping that dessert would at least redeem a part of the experience. The selection of Peach Gelato or a "Chocolate Grilled Cheese" left us unsatisfied. 
All around it was a disappointing experience from a place we held high expectations for. I wouldn't return or recommend this restaurant to anyone.Love this place!! They have such a good happy hour, $3 mimosas sat and sun (can't go wrong with that)! Their food is also delicious. The burger with the over easy egg is on point along with the fried green tomato eggs benny (the hollandaise is delicious).These guys definitely know what they're doing. Great food, great cocktails, great space, great service. Brown Butter is such a wonderful addition to Mid-City's already bustling food scene! And as a Mid-Citizen, I'm happy to have such an amazing eatery just a short stroll away. 
I've eaten from both their brunch and dinner menu and have always been impressed with the food and the amazing service. Definitely try the chocolate grilled cheese if you're in the mood for a treat and if you're there for brunch--dive into a Bloody Mary or a Bloody Hank (with Gumbo bitters and bourbon?!) 
From the service to the delectable offerings, Brown Butter has never disappointed me or my dining companions, I can't imagine they would disappoint you unless you hate good food. Go get you some, seriously!Appetizers: fried pickles and fried goat cheese
//Verdict: the fried pickles were awesome. Really thinly sliced and tasty. The fried goat cheese was tasty as well BUT I was expecting more out of it. There was a greater salad to goat cheese ratio (you only get two medallions)
Meals: truffled egg salad sandwich, pimento cheese sandwich, chicken and waffles, and the market catch (striped bass)
//Verdict: I thoroughly enjoyed my egg salad sandwich, I'm not a fan of egg salad that has too much mayonnaise, so this one was perfect! My boyfriend ordered the pimento cheese sandwich, and it was ok. It came out on white bread and the apple slices slightly overpowered the pimento cheese. My mom had the chicken and waffle sandwich, which also disappointingly came out on white bread that they just put into the waffle press to toast! My dad (being the health nut) ordered the market catch, which was really tasty, moist, and fresh. 
Overall, a good dining experience. As others have commented, the tip options start at 20% if you pay with card, which I usually tip 20% anyways, but I can see how it might rub other people the wrong way.This was our first trip to Brown Butter. We started with a cava cocktail flavored with preserves and elderflower that was great!  The peach Rickey was also very good. 
The quail appetizer with roasted cherries, chèvre, and hazelnuts was a delight. The thin fried pickles were fine but waaay more batter than pickle. The star was the pimento cheese burger which was fantastic and a perfect medium rare. 
I think we'll make it back here.We had Fried pickles and Beef Barbecue Platter. Fried pickles were greasy and overtired and beef BBQ was definitely the worst I ever had in my life. The meat was tough and dry and had no flavor. I am not sure if it was old or they microwaved it but taste was horrible. Sides: coleslaw on a side was way too salty and very vinegary. Brussels sprouts were burned and greasy. Overall really bad experience and I would never go back there. I can't believe this place has a 4 star rating it just nonsense.My boyfriend and I flew into town and got to our place just in time to throw down our things and book it to the nearest bar to watch the Pittsburgh Penguins game that was about to begin (Playoffs don't take a back seat.. even during vacation).  This place had good reviews, saw it had a TV in the bar area, so we took a chance.  We later found that it was a chance well taken! 
The food was great, classic southern cooking with modern and trendy flair.  Even if you don't think you have room for dessert, you do, and get the Cheese and Chocolate. Just do it.  Still need convincing? Okay. It's a nutella and brie "grilled cheese".  Yea, I know, you're welcome.
That being said, my 5 star rating is due mainly to the staff at this place.  Being seated in the bar area, I feel as though we made a connection with most of the staff that night.  From the hostess,  the wait staff, to the kitchen guys and most of all the bartender, every person we came in contact with was so friendly and personable and really made our experience a great one.  The bartender is hilarious, works her tail off and makes you feel welcomed.  I made the comment that I'd never seen a restaurant staff work so well together or like each other as much as these guys seemed to and I meant it! The people who work here love their job; it shows and it makes a world of difference for customer experience.  Bravo!Looked forward to our reservation but was disappointed in our Valentine's Day brunch. Fried pickles were swimming in oil and had to dab with a napkin to eat. I ordered the short ribs with grits which had good flavor but I found the ribs very fatty. Fried chicken with waffle too sweet for my taste. Fun, bistro vibe to the restaurant and service was pretty good.We went last night to celebrate my birthday and my friends birthday. We were supposed to only be a table of eight but two friends showed up that never confirmed they were coming. Staff still quickly accommodated the extra two. Drinks were great, but I wish they had some specialty cocktails. The food was great, I'm still thinking about the short ribs. We will definitely be back!It was disappointing. We arrived with reservation for 6 for brunch at 2pm. We ordered and waited 40 minutes for 4 orders of chicken and waffles and 2 burgers. I ordered medium well burger and it came out medium rare.  No offer to compensate while there (other than hummus brought to table)or no reason / explanation offered for delay of food.  I was hoping to find a new favorite and left missing more than half the of the Pelicans / Celtics benchwarmer seats we had arranged over 6 months ago.
I appreciate Simon reaching out who wanted to make it right and offering to take care of our meal. We weren't looking for a credit but will give Brown Butter another try in the future.I had the shrimp and grits and it was amazing. Very cozy and casual dining. I would highly recommend.Service is awful.  Bartender is slow.  Waiter was slow. Asked hostess to get manager, she rolled her eyes and we never saw manager.
Thank you for response. Everyone has a bad day.Came for dinner. Bloody Mary was spot on. The pimiento burger was okay. Nothing mind blowing, but I liked the fries.  I asked for medium, but it was more medium rare.  Menu was really simple.  I was a little disheartened by the thin fried pickles after reading all the reviews.  Most of the chips were clumped together, which made it odd to eat. Came on a weekday, wasn't really packed.  I may try brunch one day, or try a different meat.I was so excited to try this place but the food really deserved 1.5 stars but my waitress was so nice and the space is so nice I went on and awarded another 1.5 stars.  I had the braised short rib sandwich and it was so lackluster in flavor.  Even the fries were nothing to write home about. My friend had the chicken fried chicken sandwich and enjoyed it so maybe that's a better choice. But yeah. ...glad it was only $15. And what's more disappointing is that the lemonade was more like water and soap.  I feel like a SOUTHERN restaurant should at least get lemonade right.  There was no sweetness!  Well hopefully they get better.Great service, fun atmosphere but not impressed with my food. I had the Rusty Screen Door. My food was also room temperature. Because of the service, I will visit again and try a different dish. Hopefully I'll have a better food experience.Everything was really good. The fried pickles are arguably some of the best I've ever had anywhere! The brisket burger was on point. Nothing fancy just a good burger with a solid cheddar not the cheap crap and the garlic mayo is a must! There are some more adventurous choices on the menu but i just wanted something simple today. Staff was friendly and service was top notch.  They will be offering dinner in the near future and I'm excited to see what they come up with.I came here for the first time today for lunch. I have always heard great things about Brown Butter, and it definitely lived up to the hype. 
The interior has a modern industrial vibe. The waitress was very friendly and informative of the items on the menu. They run a brunch menu during the days on Saturday and Sunday.  There's plenty things to choose from and everything sounded appealing.
I ended up going with the Brunch Burger. This isnt your everyday burger! The burger was made from a mixture of beef and ribs. There was a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg on top, brie cheese, bacon onion jam, and fresh arugula. It's comes with an garlic aioli spread and a heaping pile of fries.  They have a massive selection of local beers to pair with the food.
Everything exceeded my expectations and i will certainly be back.Nice option in Carrollton area! Venezia was 45 minute wait so we had been waiting to try Brown Butter! Fried pickles are fantastic! Short ribs were good and tender and the pork cheeks were good too. Sons hamburger was very good!!  
We like Frey across the street too.Very disappointing meal here at Brown Butter.  I ordered the Seoul Bowl which was a huge mistake--$18 for sauteed bok choy and flank steak on a bed of rice.  The rice was overcooked and the steak was not flavorful at all.  I would never eat here again.I have been sampling the Shrimp & Grits all over New Orleans.  So far Brown Butter Southern Foods has made its mark,,,so good!
Fantastic service tops this experience off!