Love everything they cook! Just simply Great Thai food with Greta piece, we ordered tons and they are perfectThis place is great!  I haven't had a Thai noodle dish this good since I lived in NYC many years ago.  The Drunken Noodles had such good flavors, the noodles perfectly cooked (not rubbery), the spiciness was legit, and the portion was a great value!  Thank you for having proper spiciness levels.  I hate when something is claimed to be 'spicy' and the heat level is so wimpy.  Also, thank you for your portions and please don't go the route of other places that charge NYC prices for appetizer-size mains.  I will be back for sure!Wow! I found this place last minute and boy was I surprised I haven't found it sooner. The service was awesome and the food was delicious with lots of flavor! This establishment did not disappoint! Even my 3 year old kept wanting more! We will be back sooner then later!Food is always good--some interesting spins on traditional dishes. Service always fast and courteous. Drinks at bar reasonable. Portions could be a little larger for the prices, which are still reasonable. I'm getting to be a frequent customer.Just heard about this spot today and had to give it a try immediately, my order was for pick up. The guy on the phone was super friendly. The menu has a great selection of options including the popular favorites pad Thai and drunken noodles. And the delicious selections of curry And various other favorites.
Going in for pick up was quick and easy and the restaurant itself is beautiful with an open face kitchen which just really does something for me. The bar looks like it's got a wide range of options too.
Cant wait to go sit down one day.
Food was bomb. Service was bomb.
Will be back soon!Ive only had the "Pad Thai" w/extra shrimp, so guud that being a regular is now on my to-do list !My husband loves Thai food and I recently read a great review and thought we would try Budsi's.  Street parking, but there was plenty of it.  They did have plenty of tables outside but upon entering, it was extremely confusing as to where to go/what to do.  No one ever acknowledged our presence or directed us.  We walked up to the bar because it seemed that the other counter was for to go orders.  We ordered a couple of drinks and planned to eat outside.  Unfortunately, even with the heaters, it was just too cold.  We went back inside and asked to switch our food to go.  The wait times were a little longer but we were there at a busy time so not unexpected.  We took our food to go, only to get home with an incorrect order :( we specified shrimp on both dishes, which rang in correctly, however when we got home, one was chicken (drunken noodles has a $2 surcharge for shrimp....which would be fine if we actually got shrimp) :(. We live several miles away, so there was no point in going back.  Very disappointing.  The other thing that I found very off putting was a girl, who appeared to be in charge was reprimanding the bartender while he was helping us.  I found this to be not only unprofessional but rude towards the bartender and the customers!  It just seemed to be extremely unorganized & chaotic for everyone involved.Had the drunken noodles with shrimp, red curry with shrimp and grilled pork shoulder.  I was hesitant to order the drunken noodles since other noodle dishes from similar type restaurants usually end up in one glob but Budsi's was not like that. It was exceptional. Pork shoulder had an excellent dipping sauce. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and not overcooked like many restaurants have a tendency to do.So, second time here but first time getting food. First trip it was packed and I not a fan of how they do their service and was nervous about ordering. So this time I came a little earlier to eat. Food came out pretty quick despite watching them pack all of the to go orders coming in. Had the grilled pork shoulder and fires fish cakes appetizers. Both were very good but the pork was my favorite. Main dish was Budsi's Royal Pad Thai with chicken. Very good, fresh ingredients, tasty and a nice amount. Great flavors! Staff was friendly. Will definitely be back to try more dishes.Food leukwarm after not even a 10 min drive home after pickup. Told them I can't eat spicy food and my pad Thai was loaded with red hot chili pepper on the bottom of the container which I unknowingly mixed into the entire dish. Couldn't eat much of it. Couldn't appreciate my other dish as hoped, drunken noodles, which was leukwarm and dry when I got home. The mango sticky rice was unappetizing (not as it appears in the photo online) and a small portion for $7. Tasted good, however.
My order was scheduled for 5:15 pm pickup up and I arrived on time. I was told afterwards they thought it was for 4:30 pickup!!! Verbal apologies only. Should have offered a credit at least for this $30 meal. DisappointingI try something new and each time they kill it. They food is super fresh and it doesn't take long for them to get it out to me :) service is phenomenal! The drinks are amazing and their happy hour is reasonable!Ordered for NY eve amd was blown away.  Hands down the best Thai food in the city.  We got the red curry, Budsi's noodles with shrimp, fried rice, dumplings amd a few other things all was amazing. Spice level Perfect! Please go support this amazing restaurant.Food was good/fresh.  Not super flavorful, but tasty.
Restaurant is LOUD, due to high ceilings.FINALLY! Some good Issan-style Thai food in this city. The Khao Soy was the best I've had on this coast for sure. The pork shoulder was also super delightful. Only thing I'd say to look out for is the Issan-style papaya salad. I can handle some spicy shit, but this wrecked me. It's delicious but I can't eat more than a couple bites at a time. Maybe there was a mix-up in the takeout order and they gave me a thai spicy option? I'm not sure. Either way, absolutely fantasticFood is good if a bit spicy.
Wait is long & seating is managed in the most inefficient way possible- first you wait in a line  to order food. Then you wait in another line to order a drink. Then you sit if you can find a spot & wait for food.
Super bummer- electricity went out while I was there. We waited 30 min & my friend's food finally arrived. Mine never did so a bit after hers did - I went & asked for mine. 
They'd closed the kitchen without letting me know I'd have no food. Then when I asked for a refund- they shortchanged me on the amount, saying it was less than it was at first- then not wanting to add on tax.
I finally got my $$ back- only to see that staff was indeed still eating (I'd asked if they had any food they could give me, & they said they didn't).
It wasn't a good experience. Amateur hour.
I ordered from them when they were a pop up & it was good food! But based on this experience, I won't be going back.
I ordered from sukho Thai down the street & now headed home.I had heard many outstanding things about Budsi's. I found the food good, but not great. My husband and I shared the Larb balls, pad Thai with crispy pork, and khao soi with chicken. The larb balls were dry, although the sauce had the perfect "larb" flavor. The khao soi was a good consistency and had a lot of onions and pickled greens. It had a nice initial flavor, but it kind of held steady instead of becoming a more complex/dee flavor. We ordered it spicy, and it was spicy but not overly so. The Pad Thai was the weakest dish. There was not the complex and depth of flavors that is usually for pad Thai. It lacked both the sour and salty aspect. They have me a side of the dumpling sauce (soy and vinegar) which helped a little. We ordered the Pad Thai spicy as well, but it was incredibly spicy- much more than the khao soi. Overall it was not a bad meal but not a great one either.First time here with friends for happy hour drinks and food. First round of drinks were good all around but second round mine was very sour and had to ask for some extra simple syrup that honestly tasted still sour. Husband felt bad and switched drinks. Ordered food at the counter but one of the dishes couldn't be made vegan so decided on the mushroom larb and the drunken noodles. The menu didn't specify which dishes could be veganized and there wasn't any vegan options for apps, which would have been helpful. Food was flavorful but portions were small for the price, also my husband had to ask for the spicy condiments, as they were neither out or offered. He said that if he hadn't got the spicy condiment he wouldn't have enjoyed his dish as much. All in all it was a good meal but will try a different Thai place next timeWe ordered take out and our food was ready early so bonus points off the bat. Got home and the food was still hot and perfect! We had the pork dumplings, Thai fried rice, Pad See Ew tofu, and Drunken Noodles chicken. Everything was so so excellent! Definitely our favorite go-to for Thai in the city.So glad budsi's is back in action with a storefront and just as good as it was as a pop up and delivery service. Having their full menu available every night is a plus! We did pick up the night after their grand opening and ordered the creamy Tom yum soup with tofu (delicious, tangy with the perfect amount of lemongrass), grilled pork shoulder (tasty as always with that incredible sauce), royal pad thai (perfect level of spicy), and holy basil with beef (amazing sauce and yummy egg on top). Highly recommend all of them although I think I'll go back to my usual drunken noodles next time. Best in the city!I don't leave reviews often but I am so passionate about Budsi's I feel compelled to. I met Budsi outside of pals and instantly fell in love. Tonight was my first time picking up from their new restaurant. The Budsi noodles with crispy pork were fantastic. They do the wide noodles just right with so much depth to their flavors. I got spice level "spicy" and paired it with the Tom Kha Soup. The coconut milk base was to die for and balanced well with a spicy dish. We also had the dumplings. A classic. We heard a few of the earlier batches after expansion were a little dry but they seemed to have figured it out. They were perfect. Congrats Budsi! You are my favorite restaurant in New Orleans and are sure to become a staple in this city!Honestly some of the (suprisingly) best food in New Orleans! You do not come to Louisiana for Thai, but WOW so yummy. And great vegan options!! I highly recommend. super friendly staff too.One in a million! No competition. Nothing even close. You think you know Thai food? Not THIS Thai food! While you will recognize a menu item's name, you have never tasted anything like what is served. And the portions are huge - easy to share or perfect to take some home. Every bite is 4-5 taste sensations - at  first taste, as you chew, and swollow, and then again. Much of the food is spicy, making it even more enjoyable. Budsi and her husband are a perfect pair - and they welcome everyone. The staff are a delight as well - they are so very accommodating and pleasant. Out of 7 nights, I recently ate there 5 times, and enjoyed every visit. And by-the-way, the take-out is endless! Finally, the prices are ridiculous for the quality and quality of food that is served!Best Thai food I've ever had. Incredibly authentic. Great drinks too! My favorite restaurant and go to spot.This spot is good but SO loud. They need to get some room dividers or ceiling panels to absorb some sound, I cannot sit indoors when it's busy. Anyway, the waterfall pork is where it's at.No no no! Not good at all. You want drunken noodles? Go to any market that sells MAMA noodles...BAM! Drunken noodles. That's what they serve there.Beautifully authentic Thai cuisine! Fun atmosphere. Flavors are clearly traditional.
I would highly recommend this hip joint!ONLINE/PICKUP CUSTOMERS BEWARE
I ordered items online and send my husband for pickup. I paid the amount online. When he reached there the guy  at the front desk charged my husband additional amount saying that I have selected extra chicken and customized items (by selecting no broccoli, no kale). I didn't select extra chicken. In fact I got fried rice without chicken. He said amount we paid online was not the actual amount. So my husband was asked to pay extra money for getting food. And my husband did as he had no idea of what I chose . He was not given with a new receipt .Customers should be beware while placing online orders because they reflect some price on online and when we go for pickup they demand extra money. I don't see an option to select 'no' stars for this .Never noticed this place down the street from my house, it's going to become a hangout spot for sure.  Went for lunch today.   I had the papaya salad- uptown/Issan style, grilled pork shoulder, and the Tom yum soup with shrimp.The shrimp or any protein is optional. The grilled pork was the star of the show.   Tender and flavorful.    The Tom yum soup was sweeter than I prefer but not bad.   I like the more savory version.  I took a star off because the shrimp were clearly not fresh.  They were mushy and the texture was awful.   We are in new New Orleans, that is a cardinal sin.   I'm faithful that they can get it together by the next time I come. The papaya salad was good. A lot of heat.   If you get the uptown style be prepared for the briny, fermented fish and crab to outshine everything else.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, just so you can make an informed decision.   I will try it again but next time I'll get the Bangkok style, it has dried shrimp and peanuts.   I don't like peanuts in my food but I'm willing to eat around them In hopes that I will be able to taste the flavors of the papaya, lime, cilantro, etc in the papaya salad.   This time I only tasted the ocean, vinegar and hot, a whole bunch of hot lol.  But I liked it.  
I didn't get anything from the bar, which is visually appealing.  I'll be back to get drinks.  The drink menu seemed like a fun night waiting to happen.Terrible, I brought my daughter here for what I hoped was authentic Thai curry. Sadly it was far from it. The curry was too sweet, the shrimp unclean and the dumpling filling so very dry. I am so frustrated by the fake reviews raving this place. Money down the drain!Delicious! We enjoyed a quick, but absolutely enjoyable late lunch at Budsi's. Service was welcoming and friendly. When you arrive, you order at the counter and find your own and they bring your food to the table. My family ordered and shared an order of dumplings, drunken noodles with shrimp, waterfall pork, and pineapple curry with shrimp. 
The food arrived at warp speed and boy was it all packed with flavor. My hubby and daughter truly enjoyed the dumplings. My drunken noodles were very good, but unfortunately the shrimp was overcooked. 
My hubby thought the curry was superb and loved the pork dish. Very comfortable atmosphere, with indoor and outdoor seating options.
I would definitely recommend and plan to revisit on my next NOLA trip.
Kudos to the team.Phenomenal. I spent 2 months in Thailand in 2012 and this food takes me right back. The spice level is ON POINT (though not for the faint of heart) and I mean that in the best way possible. I will absolutely be trying their entire menu in the coming months.Everything about this place is absolutely incredible. The food, the service, the atmosphere, the people, everything--it's truly second to none. Budsi serves the best Thai food I've ever had in my life and it tastes even better because you know it's prepared by genuinely good, cool people. I couldn't recommend this place enough!The food was better when she was at Pal's.  I've eaten at the new location 3 times since it opened and it's been very inconsistent.  The last time I ordered Budsi noodles there were like two noodles in the dish, the time before there was barely any sauce.  
It is good and fairly cheap and I'm glad there's a Thai place other than sukho in the neighborhood now.The most amazing place! Food was the most delicious and authentic Thai I've had in a long time. You order and than sit down- get drinks at the full bar! People were amazing! Thank you! Papaya salad, roasted pork, mango sticky rice, all the noodle dishes! Can't wait to come back for the green curry.I have been looking for great Thai in this town and I have finally found it. Budsi Thai is amazing. We ordered half the menu and it all was phenomenal especially the waterfall pork and the Tom Yum soup which is big enough to share with 3 people. The service is also exceptional. I love this place and will be back often.We have wanted to try this place for months. We finally made it over to the restaurant and we are so glad that we did. We were really hungry after a day of wandering the Quarter. We started with the Grilled Pork Shoulder, the pork dumplings and the creamy tom yum soup. The grilled pork shoulder was our favorite of the 3 by far. The dumplings and the soup were just ok. For entree's, we ordered the Royal Pad Thai and the Spicy Stir fry with holy basil and a fried egg. When i say that this was the best pad thai i have ever eaten, i am not exaggerating. The spicy stir fry was phenomenal as well. We can not wait to go back. We were also surprised at how affordable the prices were.Budsi is a random but perfect little restaurant tucked in the Marigny. Authentic Thai cuisine with an amazing explosion of flavor. The spice level is real, but if you can handle it, GO FOR IT! We got their Dumplings, Steak Salad, Drunken Noodles, Budsi Noodles, & the Khao Soi. My personal favorite is the Khao Soi, I love the combination of coconut curry soaked noodles with the crunchy fried egg noodles. It's such an amazing texture and flavor dynamic here. Definitely make your way here!
@phidingthefamAfter spending the better part of the day in the airport, this food really hit the spot. The pad see ew, basil stir fry, papaya salad, mango sticky rice and cocktails were great.We have been to this restaurant many times and EVERYTIME out does the one before. The food is authentic, flavorful and made with a touch of love. Savory, spicy and hearty each dish takes your tastebuds to Thailand. The waterfall salads are fresh with a hint of spice, a tang of vinegar and freshness of mint. The husband and wife owners are lovely, and make sure guests are cared for like family.Amazing spot. Fairly authentic Thai. If I lived in this neighborhood I would probably be here once a week. As it is we are staying near here for 5 days we will probably go 2-3 times. Unique experience highly recommended.Finally dropped into Budsi Authentic Thai and was impressed.  On a lazy Saturday we were able obtain street parking just a few steps away from the entrance.  No wait service here so we ordered at the counter, took a seat at booth and in less than 15 minutes our meal was delivered to our table. 
We dove into the very spicy Papaya Salad, Bangkok style with white rice, Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp and Drunken Noodle with Chicken.  The soup was delicious, the Papaya Salad HOT & Spicy and the Drunken Noodles filling making this a perfect Thai meal.  
If you are in the mood for great Thai you should pay a visit to Budsi's.I will never stop singing the praises of Budsi's. Every visit I feel welcomed and looked after. The food is top notch and the best Thai in the city. 
Of note is a portion of the menu dedicated to Isan food, the northeast region of Thailand whose cuisine has a distinctive Laotian influence.This was a good dining experience. The best Thai food I have ever had? No. But it was still yummy. Huge variety of food and all was fairly well seasoned. My lunch special egg noodles were a little bland but the fried banana dessert was out of this world! You order at the counter and the food was ready in no time. They were a bit confused about the numbering system bc someone else's entree ended up delivered on our table. But I mean you can't really complain about free food lol. Parking around this place was not easy so I'm not sure it's going to be a regular, convenient stop for us but I'm glad I got to try it! You can see on the first pic how much food we ordered... plus drinks and dessert was only $60. $20 a person is not a bad price at all!WHOA! This place is INCREDIBLE! Went with a group of people because one of the friends had been there several times that week already. We ordered a bunch of the appetizers and then our own entrees. 
I had the Pad Thai (my go to) - omg it was MOUTHWATERINGLY OUTSTANDING! I want it RIGHT NOW! It was soooo flavorful, delectable, and dreamy. Yes, dreamy!!!! The service was excellent; we sat outside and nobody was forgotten! I am so grateful for that dinner invite, because this place is LEGIT. Everyone loved all of the dishes - not one complaint (there were 10 of us). I cannot wait to return - thank you Jared for such an amazing dinner!!!Great Thai food. Beware, if you ask for spicy, you will get it. Large servings. Reasonable prices. Lovely interior and plentiful outdoor seating. Super friendly staff. And, if that wasn't enough, a really creative cocktail selection. It was a bit of a young crowd for me. The only person my age was the bartender, who turned out to be the owners mom!
I will definitely return.Great foooooooodddd!!!!!!
Good price!!!!!!
Great Atmosphere, friendly fast service!!!! We loved it.Drunken noodles with tofu was delicious (though a little heavy on the salt). Great ambiance and a nice place to eat outside. You can request the level of heat you want from your dish so don't be afraid to inquire. Mine was medium heat and it was perfect for my palate. Will definitely go back!Do you want Thai food or do you want Authentic Thai food? Wow, I am so happy to discover this restaurant. I am half Thai and their papaya salad (Bangkok Style)  pork shoulder and stick rice set is the best that I have had in New Orleans.  All of their food is very good and priced reasonably. My go to spot.The food was great, definitely authentic. Ordered the Kao Soi tofu and it was very tasty. Partner ordered the noodles and the dumplings. Would give it five stars BUT, we ordered it to go, they told us pick up in an hour, and it was cold. Like we had to warm it up type of cold and we picked it up right on time and live right around the corner. 
Also I wish they had delivery at least in the Marigny Bywater area!Always the best! Eat here weekly if not more and am always blown away by the delicious, authentic flavors. No better Thai food in town.Ordered Drunken Noodles, huge mistake. Noodles were ramen. Horrible.. Couldn't get over the fact it wasn't the flat wide noodle instead ramen. Dumpling were okay a tad taste less. Also the garnish was very heavy.
Overall thought I found a gem instead found coal.I first had Budsi's food when she was running a pop up out of her kitchen at her house. In what seems like the blink of an eye (probably because Covid has made all concept of time incomprehensible) she has built a rather large restaurant with about 20 tables and a full bar. It's probably all due to one simple fact: the food is amazing. Every single dish is delicious and flavorful. I'll be back soon to try more dishes.I was on a hunt for a dish my Loas friend used to make called Khao Poon. A quick search showed me that this place has a dish called Khao Soi that looked similar so I figured I'd give it a try. Omg it didn't disappoint! It was creamy and spicy and full of flavor! I swear it felt like a big hug! I ate the whole bowl and didn't feel one bit of guilt! Get it!Great food! Very authentic. I am so glad it was close to where I was staying. The papaya salad is definitely authentic. They did nit have the vermicelli noodles to go with the papaya salad but the salad was super hot as I requested. The pad Thai was good too. I like that it wasn't too sweet and sugar was ok the side. The budsi noodle dish had a lot of kaffir leaves kind of like a tom yum stir fry with rice noodles. I got it with crispy pork. Very tasty. Lots of young people here I felt like I was in college againAfter reading the excellent reviews, I said to myself: yes, let's listen to these people who said "authentic Thai food!" Why would they lie? Looking back, I should have thought to myself: these folks have probably never had authentic Thai food - all false claims.
First, let me say the positives. The flavors were good and texture of the noodles, protein, and vegetables were also good. Noodles weren't too soft and vegetables had a good crunch to them.
Now, let's talk what made me give 2 stars. I should preface by saying I love salty foods. Fermented seafood of any kind? Sign me up, it's in my blood, give it to me now. The food I ordered, though, was on a salt level that actually made my lips hurt and shrivel up after I had a few bites. It wasn't just one dish that was salty but all 5 that I ordered. I wanted to keep eating because (like I said earlier) the flavors were actually pretty decent but it just really hurt to eat. Both my husband and I had upset stomachs after. Needless to say, we didn't eat much. I'm pretty sure I'll puff up tomorrow.I stopped by for a quick solo dinner after a long day of skating at crescent park and wow am I amazed!! Right now they are doing limited dine in and takeout. You order at the counter and can sit wherever (it was beautiful out so I sat on the street corner outside)! Service was very quick; I received my food within five minutes. (seriously...five minutes) I ordered the Tom Kha soup with tofu and it was so rich and flavorful! You could really tell it was made with fresh spices. It was a little pricy but I think it was worth it. 11/10 overall.F#%king delicious! Great space, plenty of open air (inside) and excellent food - easily best Thai in townBudsi's is an amazing new Thai restaurant in the Marigny. I had been hearing a lot about Budsi's from social media and friends, so I was very excited to try it out. I went on a Thursday night and it was rather busy. You order at the counter, pick your own table, and they bring the food to you. To order drinks, you have to go to the bar and pay separately from your food. The food came out very fast, but the drinks took longer because there was only one bartender. I ordered the chicken Khao Soi and it was amazing! The portion could have easily fed two people. Khao soi is one of my favorite Thai dishes. It is a coconut curry soup with egg noodles, vegetables, and chicken. My friend ordered the Spicy Som Tam and Grilled Pork Should Set, which came with a large portion of som tam- spicy papaya salad. I ordered the Thai Pimm's Cup and it was excellent! I believe the Pimm's Cup is a limited time drink, but hopefully they keep offering it because it was so good. Budsi's has indoor and outdoor seating. The inside of the restaurant is extremely large and you can sit at every other table. I recommend Budsi's to all my friends and I look forward to going back soon!I have been looking forward to trying Budsi's since their restaurant opened, and I was far from disappointed! There is a great casual vibe, and a good amount of outdoor seating too. You order food at the counter and drinks separately at the bar. 
I ordered the Spicy Som Tam and Grilled Pork Shoulder Set, while my friend had the Khao Soi. The som tam papaya salad was fresh, crunchy, and complimented the tender and perfectly grilled pork well. You can also choose from 2 options for the som tam: Upcountry or Bangkok style. I had the Upcountry, which had the perfect amount of spice and brininess. The set is also served with sticky rice. My friend really enjoyed the Khao Soi, which had a super tasty broth that had great Thai curry and coconut flavor. Both of our entrees were also very filling, and I could barely finish mine. Definitely great bang for your buck. 
We also ordered cocktails; I had the Thai Tea Kee Mao and she had the Thai Pimm's Cup. Both were super refreshing and delicious! The Thai Pimm's Cup was a limited time drink, but hopefully, it'll be back. The service was also very fast and friendly. I will definitely be back to check out happy hour, which they offer daily 3-6pm!Amazing. 
The chef brings authentic Thai recipes from different parts of the country.
Guaranteed to find tastes you haven't had before. 
Caution; there is spice. 
Bonus; try the bar!! Really good cocktails!Even when the production isn't paying for my lunches, I still come here. Addictive. Ive eaten a lot of Thai food in New Orleans but the quality and taste of food is just A+ every time. I recommend this place to everyone. Ive probably ordered the drunken noodles about 20 times now.I'd stopped eating Thai in New Orleans, because I found most to be lame. Or trying to put a spin on Thai food. Or even making it too American. Budsi's is the only place I'll go. It's quite good. Fresh hand cut vegetables. Gulf shrimp. Get here..This place is phenomenal! From the first to last bite it's exceptional quality. The flavors are out of this world delicious and everything is terrific. I can never get enough but the portions are generous and the prices are really fair for this level of tastiness. You will not be disappointed. One of my top restaurants in all of New Orleans. Love this placeI had been meaning to try Budsi's for months, but they never seemed to be open on the right day/time.
Finally managed to come by for lunch last week. Love the location. Nice decor, comfy booths, and they keep it nice and cool. You order at the counter taqueria style, receive a number, and they bring the food to your table. 
I wanted to try the Budsi's noodles but sadly my tum had been a bit upset so I opted for the pad see ew, a milder dish. It was a wise choice, I reflected, as I watched my friend sweating her way through her own plate of Budsi's noodles. :)
My pad see ew was delicious with perfectly balanced flavors, and I ate the entire thing. Wish there had been more, in fact. The portions were somewhat on the smaller side compared to other local places like Sukhothai and Chillout Cafe. 
Very tasty though, and the staff are welcoming. Glad I gave them a try.Wow. I'd seen these folks' popup around town but we'd never gotten to go. Boy is it GOOD. We had chicken larb (one of my favorites) and tom kah soup which were lovely. The two standouts were the waterfall pork (OMG) and the Budsi noodles with crispy pork belly. Dang they're both super delicious. 
Best part is we have leftovers of the noodles and soup in the fridge for lunch tomorrow! Definitely go to Budsi!I have been wanting to try Budsi's since I came across their instagram account back in the pop-up days. Boy am I sad I didn't try this sooner... think of all the delicious food I was missing out on! Budsi will blow your mind. When you look up flavor in the dictionary, you'll find a picture of Budsi's Khao Soi. It's rich, super savory, spicy, tangy - I feel like I need to invent a new word to describe this dish. I highly recommend! 
I also got the larb balls. They were also good! Warning: this is likely because I got takeout, but the dipping sauce seemed to have separated a bit so the top layer was basically pure fish sauce - be sure to give it a stir before dipping otherwise you might get a mouthful of fish sauce like I did. 
Thankfully when you get takeout they keep the noodles and soup separate because I could only finish half of it so I got to have leftovers the next day (it was equally delicious as leftovers). You will not regret coming here - in fact, you may regret not coming here sooner. Thai love you, Budsi's!That spicy tequila pineapple is outrageously good. And they have happy hour. Great addition to the neighborhood.Okay lots to say! 
1. Food was amazing. Let me tell you there ain't no sliding heat scale. This is real deal Thai. It's spicy as hell and fucking delicious. Order water! I warned you 
2. Get the fish cakes, PAPAYA salad!, pork shoulder and the drunken noodles with shrimp are a must! 
3. Soooo affordable. My husband and I could barely walk about with food and tip less than $60 bucks
4. Drinks - we order about 3 different ones the one worth bragging about was the Thai Tea 
5. There is a lot of YT people in the hour and a half we were there I could count the black folks on one hand - either we don't know about it because it's newer or gentrification has done it's job on the area - if you BIPOC bring your crew with you 
6. I was over the 3 few Thai spot we had in the city - much needed add to the city because they are bringing it
Tip and wear your fucking mask Delta is here!!!I had heard lots of good things about Budsi's so I was excited to try!
Everything I had was good, but not my favorite of the Thai restaurants in the NOLA area.
The Creamy Tom Yum Soup was my favorite! I love a creamy soup and Tom Yum so this was the perfect combination and the flavors were great. 
The Spicy Stir Fry was okay, I wouldn't get this dish again. I tried my friends noodle dishes that were better. This dish didn't wow me in any way. 
The portions were large and great prices!Had a wonderful dinner at Budsi's. The pad Thai was crispy pork was delicious, honestly the best pad Thai I've ever eaten. The grilled pork shoulder was also very good as was the pork dumplings. We took out mango with sticky rice which was also very flavorful. They seem to be doing well, I wish them luck they deserve it! Great place!Living in New Orleans, good to great food is imperative but Thai food has often fallen short. Then along comes Budsi's. Definitely OMG goodness on steroids.  This is amazingly deliciousness far from other Thai restaurants in NOLA. I still simply cannot begin to say how amazing Budsi's is. You must! (If heat isn't for you, say so.). I'm in love! Go there ASAP!We enjoyed our meal at Budsis! You walk in the restaurant, order and the food will be delivered to your table. Plenty seats, clean, efficient and quick service. Food was delicious!! Highly recommended!How have I not reviewed this place yet? So good I order takeout monthly, but the inside is nice too. Easy online ordering, with plenty or vegan options (just scroll to the bottom to select "make it vegan"). Try the drunken noodles and pumpkin curry and thank me later.I absolutely LOVE THIS PLACE. They have 8$ cocktails (all very unique and strong) and the staff is so friendly. Calm atmosphere with an open kitchen so you can see what's happening. I always get the waterfall pork and it's enough to take home too. I come here very chance I get. Give them all your money!Finally. There is finally good Thai food in the city of New Orleans. We ordered the pork dumplings, pad see ew with beef and crispy pork, green curry, and mango sticky rice. It's all fantastic. We will definitely order again and look forward to eating in person when we can.I have always loved Budsi's food, but now that she has a brick and mortar I've fallen in love again! I went here for happy hour and was actually blown away by the service. The food came out less than 10 minute after we ordered it, and it was steaming hot so it was definitely freshly made. Everything tasted incredible -- we got the dumplings, pumpkin curry, and Thai fried rice. Plus, cocktails are $5 during happy hour. I highly recommend for lovers of Thai food!AUTHENTIC Thai food in the Marigny 9 blocks from my house?! That's deserving of at least 3 stars. However, Budsi's gets them all from me because the food is delicious, the staff is down to Earth, and after literally a day or two of growing pains, they were rolling. 
I've had the pork dumplings, pork shoulder, pad Thai, pad see ew and mango sticky rice and it has all been delicious and very affordable. We've been here 3 times now (pick up only) and their estimates have been spot on and our food is still hot by the time we get it home. 
It's an easy sell for us because it's walking distance but the taste alone makes it worthy of being my favorite Thai in the city. 
Welcome to the neighborhood and PLEASE NEVER LEAVE!Visiting from Houston--I was in the mood for something fresh and not fried for breakfast. All the food here was very delicious. I was impressed! Especially since I'm from California originally and have eaten Thai food all over. 
Thai tea is great too.Really miss Budsi's since I moved away. Fabulous food cooked by a lovely Thai woman and her wonderful staff. Met them when they were a pop-up at Pal's. Couldn't think of nicer folks to support, and why not--it's truly authentic Thai. I usually got the special. They ALWAYS took great care of me.I've ordered a takeout a few times and it's good but not great. The first time we ordered the order of Budsi Royal pad Thai which was supposed to have shrimp and tofu in it had neither. Last nite when I ordered I asked if they could do a vegetable pad Thai with tofu. They made it but no vegetables in it at all just noodles and tofu. The mushroom larb was fresh with quality ingredients and better than their pad Thai. Not sure where the disconnect is with some of their orders but there seems to be one. But happy to have them in the neighborhood and offer nice outdoor seating along the sidewalk and in cooler months have heaters.