This is by far the worse place I've ever been. Not exaggerating. The service is beyond terrible. There's really no word for it. I feel like an African American trying to get served in a all white cafe in the 60's (it's ok, I'm African American. #noracist #ferguson). We were seated after about 20 mins (no problem, table for 12 on a fight night. But why don't you accept reservations. Oh yeah, cuz that would make sense). After being seating in the corner at a make shift table of 3 random tables put together like Tetris we ordered.....a hour later our drinks came out. It got to the point that you had to anticipate your drinks because of the slow service (I.e. You want to keep a buzz order 2 drinks when one comes out). I really never will come back here again. This is the only place that I don't leave a tip and genuinely don't feel bad about it at all. And right before I attempted to post this the waitress walked up to me and asked me for my order again after being gone for 10 mins. That's the third time she's done it. You really can't make this stuff up.The food was horrible. Everything had an artificial taste to it. Too many preservatives/chemicals. First time eating something and not wanting to finish. I ordered 3 dishes and all struck out.Terrible service. We came in and weren't greeted warmly, I felt unwelcome. Like crack a smile will ya? Anyway, the hostess brought us to a booth, my 2 friends and I, and we stood there along with the hostess starring at a dirty booth for about 5 mins.. just standing there. And here comes the waitress running back and forth atleast 2 times looking for a rag. So after that, we were seated and while she was sweeping the ground, she asked us for drinks/appetizers, well we all got waters.. my friend got a water that wasn't clear, more of cloudy.... and she said it tasted sour and weird.. so the waitress said she knew why but didn't tell us why which was an unsafe feeling and that she'll be right back to take it from us after she took care of the table next to us, but she never came back. 
We then ordered 
snack size of the potato wedges, she asked us snack or basket and then left before we could even answer! so we had to catch her to tell her snack size before she gave us basket.
size small of Traditional 1/2 Parmesan garlic and 1/2 lemon pepper wings. 
and a size small boneless honey bbq wings.
Well what came out was 1/2 Parmesan garlic and 1/2 honey bbq. And that's all..
so what happened to the lemon pepper wings?? 
After she messed up, she never returned to check up on us except to bring the check. Sigh.... I'll just stick to the Metairie location! I didn't what so ever feel bad about giving a bad tip.Sat close to 30 minutes without getting served... not even water. 30 MINUTES WITHOUT BEING ACKNOWLEDGED!! By the first 10 minutes I became petty & wanted to see how much longer it would be until we got some service. IT NEVER CAME. Staff didn't care. This place is a fucking joke.Great food to be expected. We were excited they opened close by. The service left much to be desired. As a customer you should never have to ask more than twice for something or sit with empty drinks for very long. We just expected more from one of our favorite place to eat. They should hire a whole new bar staff if you ask me. Still great food and place to watch sports!!!I've always been a sucker for boneless wings and never understood why people complain about Buffalo's. Now I will admit: I've come across several locations with terrible service, but this isn't one of them. Love the honey bbq sauce!!Pretty happy with the new place. Seems like a great place to go watch a game except for one small detail...no audio. Maybe there is and I just didn't see it, but the music playing is nice. 
Very nice staff, clean establishment, good local beers (abita) and fresh food. 
I sat at the bar and downloaded an app called buzz time which let me play poker on one of their tvs while I waited for my food. It was pretty cool. 
I will go back to this place.First time I went it was nice. I sat at the bar, had a salad and everything went very smoothly. The second time I went it was utterly horrible. I brought my family and this came in as one of the worst doing experiences ive ever had. 
Pretty sure our waitress had never waited tables before. There were several things that went wrong during out time there. 
I will go back, but not till they got all the bugs worked out.Seriously the worst. Been in numerous times, and always have to wait at least 45 minutes or more for food to arrive. Tonight we went in and when we were finally served, after almost an hour, everyone's food was cold and hard. The server also brought no sauce, and when we asked, she came back and threw it on the table. When we asked to speak to the manager, he came over and told us he could get us new food, but it would probably be another 40 minutes! We told him we could not wait that long due to the fact we had three small children with us. He said the best he coils do was give us 60% off our check, but none of us ate anything!!!!!!! Will not be going back! So disappointed!I don't know why I bother going here!  I have given it several tries since it opened.  I was so excited to get a BWW close to home and kept thinking the service will get better when the hit their stride.  NOPE!  No one greets you at the door.  The to-go orders are way more important!  Once the waitress forgot to bring an entree! Another time I had to ask a waitress to seat me.  
This is how it should work when you walk into a restaurant
1.  "Hello. Welcome to ...."
2.  "Can I get you a table?" or "Someone will be right with you." or "The host/ess will be right out to get you a table."
3.  Then you get a table and the waitress should realize that  everyone wants to eat and make sure that all the order as put in.
This is the last time I go here. I would rather go to a restaurant where  the customers in the place are more important that the to-go orders and where there is actually a host/ess or someone there who cares about seating customers.The service here is terrible
If you're not sitting at a the bar forget about getting your drinks in a timely matter. 
If they are busy forget getting your food in a timely matter
The bartenders are un knowledgable about traditional and popular mixed drinks. They are very amateur bartenders. I remember when they first opened a few months ago I asked one of them did they have Sam Adams on tap and she didn't even know what a Sam Adams was. 
I went to go watch the Patriots play the Bengals Sunday night a few weeks ago. I got there about a half hour before game time and ordered my food. They didn't even have the game on the right channel. I had asked the bartender (I was sitting at the bar) to cut the game on and she basically blew me off. 
15 minutes later I got up and talked to someone at the front and they found the person who could put the game on. The girl who came out asked me "Which game do I want on" and I responded "The only football game that is on now" Hello it was Sunday Night??? This is a sports bar right?? (That was what I was saying in my head)
Just the week before the place was packed to see the Saints/Coyboys Sunday night game I guess they forgot that football games are played Sunday night. 
I live in the apartments right next door to this place and it's the only reason why I go. I'd rather drive out to Metairie and dine in at the BWW's there than here. 
Since that night I get my food to go and just bypass the whole dine-in experience altogether. The food is good but this isn't a real Buffalo Wild Wings.I did take out on a big Saints game night. I called ahead and the lady said it would be about 45min to an hour. I was okay with that because I figured they'd be super busy. The girl's phone etiquette was pretty good, she was very done to earth. I didn't feel rushed even though I could hear the place was crowded. I arrived about an hour later. The customer service was the same as on the phone. I got the boneless wings and an order of fries. Boneless wings are usually always small and these were no different. I really didn't like that some were extremely small, like they could've kept that. Really. Other than that no complaints so far.It's really difficult to be this bad at service.  They have so much staff working, but staff are under-trained or something.  They always seem to have something better to do than making the customer's happiness a priority.
The food isn't exceptional, though some of the hotter wings are decent.  Mixed drinks are supplier-recipe standards mostly (though their upper-end margaritas are decent... just expensive).Service is real bad, it takes to long to get drinks. Waiter seemed to be an another planet and seemed to be on something. She took our orders and then stood in front of computer bobbing her head! Never put in our orders. This location sucksMeh.
My son and I we're hangry and this was the closest place so I thought we would give it a shot. For the sports bar enthusiast, I'll bet this would be a fun place to meet friends for drinks. But for dining, the food just "ok". After our food arrived, the server disappeared only to return with another soda for my son. A soda that was not requested and my son was only halfway through the first drink, really? How does a half full soda warrant a server to assume a customer wants another one? Disappointing.Very friendly place. Not necessarily for smaller kids, but for 10+. 
Service is terrible. You constantly have to tell the waiter/waitress everything that you need. 
Food takes longer than usual. It took nearly one whole hour just for maybe 15 wings to be made. Then, it took about 30 more minutes for 20 more wings to be made.Ill start off saying it was not crowded, maybe half full. The food here was great, but the service was horrible. They were out of blue moon, bud light, coronas on a Saturday.  We waited for 10-15 minutes before our waitress finally came over. I ordered medium wings and they brought out mild and my husband got his beer when he was almost finished with his food. There were about 6 servers at a table "folding" napkins as other tables were asking us about their waitress. I will wait awhile before coming back here until they have trained servers and bartenders.The food was good when it made it to our table an hour  after we arrived. the server was very polite but not vocal enough with the kitchen.  The food runners should be fired immediately. We were sitting on the patio which was great for our large party, thankfully the company was good and we weren't very hungry. We may have gotten pushed to the back burner for the inside tables. This won't be my last visit to a BWW but I certainly won't be returning to this one if I can help it.This was our second visit & I felt they deserved a good review this time! My first visit was shortly after opening and it was awful!!! They've redeemed theirselves this time. My husband and I went in not expecting much, but our waiter Jarrot was awesome! Our orders were all accurate and delicious! We had a perfect experience this time and will visit again!I wish yelp would allow us to give negative stars because this BWW would definitely make the list. This is the eight time I have visited this location. The service is always slow and the employees are not helpful or polite in any way possible. You would think that it is customary to receive utensils an napkins however every time I have had to ask for them. The staff definitely has a hard time keeping talented employees here because the lazy ones run them off.Went here to eat and watch the hockey game. Was greeted and seated quickly and politely. After that it took 30 minutes for a drinks to be ordered another 15 to get the drinks (coke and bud light). Place an order for wings 30 minutes later our order came out the wings were cool like they were sitting in the back but not under a heat lamp for some time. While we were waiting for wings we finished are drinks and wanted more but the waitress couldn't be found. Wings were ok on the smaller side and he sauces were ok. After we finished our wings we asked for the check which took 15 minutes. Know I have no problem waiting for food in a busy restaurant but there were only 5 tables with people at them when we arrived and 3 tables when we were leaving. It seems to me that the main problem is training and management as the wait staff and hostesses talked in the corner not paying attention to customers ( our waitress was else where) and the manage seemed to walk around but not do anything about the herds of staff by the front door. Most of the tables were dirty and disheveled. I probably won't be back.This place is terrible! I should of known when the hostess didn't make us feel welcome, like at all. She didn't even crack a smile and was bothered that ahe had to sit us. Im sorry did we inconvenience you, that's your job sweetheart. Honestly if the hostesses weren't so miserable I probably wouldn't of been so bothered by the fact that they were literally out of everything! This place is terrible and at a minimum needs new hostesses.This is my favorite wing place, but I have to say the service here at this new location is HORRIBLE.  The staff is very friendly, but it just seem like they have very limited training.  You constantly have to tell them everything you need, even the obvious.  And the food comes out VERY SLOW.  
I was very excited for this new location on the westbank, but looks like I will just be coming back here for to-go.  If you plan to dine in, you have been warned.I ordered a black bean burger well ahead of lunch rush.  By the time I was home and opened the to go box it was too late to return the regular burger with blue cheese for what I actually ordered.  I think it was the waiters first day.  He was trying.  Supervisors did a poor job on proper training all around.WTF!! This is the first time I've been compelled to write a review while still seated!! There's nothing but 5 tables filled and the service is a joke!! Thank God for good food (today, as I've been times before and it was terrible,) but who the hell doesn't offer refills when you're choking down dry food!! 
The manager's walking around being friendly, but what's friendly when you're not making sure your customers are well serviced?!I ate at the Buffalo Wild Wings in Elmwood A Lot and loved it, so I was excited when I learn that one was opening on the westbank.  Well, start off with my phone order which took nine minutes and twenty seven seconds. I was told my food would be ready in 15 minutes, but once I got there I waited another 15-20 minuets. Get to the office to eat, which is 3 minuets away and everyone food was cold. This wings were over cooked, dried with bare sauce. I will NOT be eating here again.Second time I've been here and I honestly don't know why I came back because the service is less than horrible. I came in and wasn't greeted warmly, which happened the first time too so I guess I'm not surprised? Anyways we sat at our table and waited a good 10 minutes before anyone even came to our table. The girl that greeted herself as our server for one was not friendly, and secondly looked frantic and busy when she only had like 4 other tables? She bought us our drinks, but then walked pass us at the least 10 times before not coming back and having another guy take over our table. So if you couldn't handle your tables the first time it should've been given to someone else in the first place. Secondly, we were given an ugly look after asking to speak with a manager. She didn't know what to say about the situation but offered some free dessert? Well we didn't even order our food yet so why would I want it? Can I also mention that the first server that we had took another table that came in after us orders first? I definitely will not be returning to this location. Sticking to Metairie and Harahan. I appreciate the second server stepping up and taking over though. He was extremely nice and it was not his section to serve in.This Buffalo had the worst service. We were there to watch a basketball game and in those few hours we saw our waitress maybe 3 times. Horrible.We received no service in this location tonight!!!  We were seated and after 10 minutes no one ever came to our table.  There were only 3 tables filled and 7 employees were just standing around talking loudly not giving any tables attention!  We finally decided to leave and all seven employees told us to have a good evening as we left.  My children were very upset and wanted to eat at your location.  We will never give this location another chance.  ZERO SERVICE AND SHOULD BE ZERO STARS!!!I order here often for wings. 5 stars for amazing customer service from the girls I always deal with (always greets with big smiles), plus food always turn out as expected, good! They are the most pleasant, sweet hosts/waitresses! I do always have to double check my stuff with them because something is always wrong, 3/5 times for instance... lol but we'll catch it, and they simply fix with a smile, and quickly.I love wings... I usually love bw3 but not today.
It was Sunday, so usually a great place for watching the game and having a beer and some wings.
Once we were seated it took over ten minutes for someone to come ask us our order. Even though there were at least six servers in the front, I guess chatting or something?
Once we placed our beer order it took another ten minutes for a different server to take our food order, not complicated, we ordered wings. Which took another ten minutes. Now, I am very sensitive when I write down times, because I know people stretch the truth when they are waiting, so I made sure of the time.
The beer was good and the wings were very good, but the service at this location was not good... at allCan we have negative stars? 
Been twice, I've never seen such horrible service! Look at the Google map reviews, 
She came out with a bunch or treys of wings, none of us knew what was what, she didn't either, the kitchen didn't label a thing! She didn't care! She said figure it out. Half the order was missing! We couldn't get a drink unless I hollered at someone! Our table was full of cups! Why can't they use a picture and refill the tea, really a new cup each time!!! There were tons of charges on the ticket that didn't belong, the manager had to fix it. The previous visit, sat for an hour and the food never came, left and went to Applebee's. HAd to go to the bar to get our own drinks. What a joke! There was no one in there! It was Saturday at 12:00 and they didn't even have the game console charged! It's obviously a pure write off and no one cares about this location, they should just close the doors. Give up, it would take some renevating and trading to get this place to par. 
Don't waste your time here, or you $$$$$$We love Buffalo Wild Wings and were so excited to have one near by.  Unfortunately after multiple tries we will not be going back to this one!  Worst service every time! Tried to call in a go order, person said it wasn't easy yet then 20 min later it just so happens the food was under the counter the whole time!  We just go to get the sauce and make ones at home!I usually would not rate a chain but being a sports fan and business traveler I've found my way to Wild Wings all over the country and I was very impressed with the one on General DeGaulle on the Westbank in NOLA. It's not rated very high and there is not ever many people there but this is the cleanest WW I've ever been in and their food is by far the best out 20+ WW that I've been to.  So I'm giving them 4 stars based on them being the standard for this franchise in my mind.This is my first experience, and the wings were awesome, our server was very nice, and I had a great time. Very good first time experience.Omg! I do not recommend this location to any one! They need to get their shit together!!! First off they took at least 20mins for our drinks to come! Server had no clue. She took my order wrong which I even pointed out with my finger on the menu to her and brought out the Wrong food. Which I had to wait longer for!!! The food runner brought our food out and dropped some of our onion rings and said he will bring some more out. Which never happened!!! Even the manager that came to the table asked us if we were doing ok. We told him what happened and he apologized but didn't do any thing either. My sister had raw chicken!!!! How do you serve raw chicken! That's disgusting! Will never be back!I'd give it no stars but that is not an option.  Service sucks and the food sucks!  Waited 10 minutes before someone approached the table.  Took almost 25 minutes to get food. The order was wrong.  The bun on my chicken sandwich tasted stale and ordered wedge fries with cheddar and they put pepper jack and the covered it up with cheddar.  Never coming back!Chicken and fried room temp. And .66 cents for an extra sauce?!?! One little sauce for 6 pieces of chicken?!?  F.U.  Never again.....Ordered wings and a chicken wrap.  Wings were old and tough.  Taste like they had sat all day.  Drink was watered down and food didn't come out.   Had to talk with waitress after flagging her down.  Was empty in the restaurant.  Had to flag down to order another drink.We have attempted to order wings here about 6 times.  We usually order 40 or 50 wings.  I never thought to count the wings that we ordered until about the 3rd time, our order of 50 seemed impossibly small.  That is because we were short over 15 wings.  We called the manager and I basically was offered 10 free wings.  I countered that we will get 20 free wings or I will reverse the charge on my credit card.  The manager reluctantly agreed.
We give it a few weeks, order again.  This time the number is correct.  Ok, this might become one of our go-to pick up places again.  2 weeks later, we order 40 wings, and once again, we get to containers home to find out we are short 5 wings.  Try to call to talk to the manager and give up after being kept on hold.  This is the last time we will eat there.  
BWW food is pretty standard from place to place.  The food here is about average as far as that goes.  Unfortunately, the service is terrible.  If the kitchen cannot even put the correct number of wings in the box, what else is going on there.  
Good luck getting decent service or even the correct number of wings.Negative. Never have I walked into a place and not been served. Seated but sat without any service for over 20 minutes. My husband, 3 year old and I walked right out then when we attempted to contact the manager there was no answer. Not recommended.One star because I had no choice but to add a star. 
I walked in at 11:00 pm and they close at midnight. I was told to go to the bar and place my order Togo. I felt offended that they didn't offer me a table bc I had a full hour before they closed. Needless to say, I walked out.My significant other and brother have been obsessed with this restaurant since it opened. So they're always making me go. I find the service to always be god awful. Unless you have Brandon. The music is always SO incredibly loud, you can't even hear yourself think. It also will be explicit versions of songs, which I think is inappropriate when there are usually lots of kids here. Their food is okay.Food was hot, chicken was tender.  We went in expecting to do take-out because the noise level at BWWs is usually through the roof, but when we walked in and it wasn't blaring, we took a seat.  Our server was on top of things.  We ordered spinach dip appetizer - next time I think I will order it with warm pita bread or with tortilla chips - the pita chips were a bit thick for my preference.  I think we will definitely come back here, this place is pretty close to home and I couldn't be happier that there is finally a late-night option in my area that doesn't have a drive-thru window!Great place, fun atmosphere, and excellent customer service!! Been there 4 times so far and I love it! For those complaining about the waitresses "lack of training" the establishment just opened up a week or two ago just give them time to work out the kinks. All of the waiters that I have dealt with have been superb. Great attitude, knowledgeable about the menu, and attentive to my needs. The wings came out relatively fast considering that I was eating when the place was packed and they are sooo good! Also ordered cinnamon squares with a scoop of ice cream. The squares seemed deep fried and had a crunchy outside and a soft inside then covered with caramel. The inside appearance is white with veins of cinnamon goodness. If they had been hotter then they really would have been A+MAZING! The ice cream was also good and complimented the squares well.
If you don't mind something spicy I'd recommend the mango habanero sauce! If you like fruity alcoholic drinks I'd recommend the twisted margarita. It's a mango daiquiri like drink with strawberry puree, I forget what type of rum or tequila they used but IT.IS.SO.GOOD! Looking forward to doing the blazin challenge that requires you to eat 12 wings in 6 minutes slathered in their hottest sauce (blazin)  without water or ranch etc.Still a fun place to be during game time HOWEVER the quality of food is hit or miss and lately it has been miss. The wings are cooked badly (hard), they have also gotten smaller, the sauce is sparse. Cmon guys I don't know if the cooks have been having bad days or if the standard has just dropped.DO NOT GO HERE. Settle for hooters or another place you may prefer. The service is terrible and the waitress we had was dirty and snobby. I do not recommend this for anyone trying to either enjoy your meal or get good service. You're better off getting service at Burger King honestly.This place is my go to when I just don't know what to eat. Great wings, cold beer, always a friendly crowd. Bartenders are always awesome, always great service, even during saints games. Recent improvements are making it even better! Keep up the good work!This place sucked was dirty bartender sucked so did the food I've been to a lot of BDUBS I travel for work all over by far one of the worst if not the worst one I have ever been toI have been to this location 3 times. I did not think the wings were that great on my first visit to this location. I decided to give it another try. My friend and I decided to sit at the bar. The service was acceptable and the wings were better than my first visit . It's a sports bar...it is what it is!Worst lunch in a while.  I literally just left here. I figured 1 on aThursday wouldn't be a bad time to go try the new BWW. First I sat at the bar with 2 other customers for about 5 minutes without service.  A server came up and told me that the bartender would be right with us.  The problem wasn't the bartenders absence, it was the fact that TWO managers were sitting less than 10 feet away the entire time and not one of then bothered to come greet us.  At one point, I turned and made eye contact with the male manager and he still didn't even acknowledge our presence. The two managers continued to eat their meals while we sought out someone. 
Later the bartender apologized and explained that he had told the manager that he was having issues and she was supposed to be watching the bar. It doesn't matter if they had no idea where he was, after a few minutes one them should have gotten up from their lunch and greeted us, the customers. 
Now on to the boneless wings ... terrible! Over cooked and under sauced.  I thought about complaining but already knew that management didn't care about my experience in their establishment, they had already proven that with their previous actions. 
Buffalo wild wings used to be one if my favorite places but this location won't have me as a customer anymore.  I can deal with bad service from a server/bartender but management is inexcusable.First time I went it was nice. I sat at the bar, had a salad and everything went very smoothly. The second time I went it was utterly horrible. I brought my family and this came in as one of the worst doing experiences ive ever had. 
Pretty sure our waitress had never waited tables before. There were several things that went wrong during out time there that just disappointed me and my family. 
I will go back, but not till they got all the bugs worked out.Another review that suddenly went missing. Not cool, Yelp.
Like most people, I like me some wings. But sadly, the wings here (and everything else) seem to be mostly salt. I've had their hottest wings and while they were ok heat wise, the salt content made them hard to eat. 
Our last visit, I ordered a salad with ranch dressing. It was actually too salty to eat. Not a joke, a SALAD that's too salty to eat.
No no no no no...and let me just add, NO.Went here to place an order to go.  I got home , order was incomplete , but paid full price. No thanks BWW. Won't be back anytime soon.Surprisingly good experience because we expected very little of this place. Upon entering we weren't greeted with warm welcomes but rather a lazy hostess who sat on her ass to finish her conversation before getting up & attending to us. This first point of contact with the establishment rubbed me the wrong way. 
Anyways, another worker showed us to a high table by the bar. We were greeted very quickly by our server. She took our drink order & asked us if we wanted appetizers. Mind you, we didn't even open the menus yet! Efficient service, I can't knock her for that. 
Drinks hit the table quickly & we put our order in. The food hit the table even quicker! We order the medium wings with 3 sauces (parmesan garlic, mango habenaro, & jamming jalapeño). I really wanted to try ghost pepper but supposedly they're changing out their flavors & didn't restock on it. For sides/apps we choose the cheese curds & stuffed jalapeño. Everything was really good ! The food came out piping hot. 
Table service was awesome. Our server made sure our drinks weren't empty & offered beer tastings (because I was hesitant on which one to pick).Bad experience at B-Dubs? I guess I should've known when I walked in on a Friday night at 730 during March madness leastand there were maybe 15 people in there. At  the pretzel was good. I think I got some wing sauce on my wings, not sure yet. And the sliver of beef complimented the bun, lettuce, onion and tomato very well on my "burger." They nailed it!Jennifer. If you're going to be a waitress you have to be nice and attentive. If you're going to do drugs at work, seitch to adderall. You're slow and no where to be found. Fire her.Hated coming to this place growing up, it seemed like a place that old people came to talk about the old days, the food reflected that in taste....and appearance. I don't know, the cafeteria set up and old decor just didn't do anything for me. Glad this place was shut down then turned into a Buffalo Wild WingsFirst time at that specific location. Appetizer was good, service was amazing and the wings were on point. Needs some bit of improvement through.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!! customer service!! Super slow!! Been waiting o er an hour for our food and this place isnt even busy!! No one seems to care!!I went to BWW for my roommates going away dinner. It took them about 15 min for them to ask us what we wanted to drink. After I gave him my first request of red stripe he returned about 15 min later with no beer and let me know they did not have it. I asked if they had any rebel IPA left and he told me yes. After another 15 min he came back again empty handed to tell me they don't have it. So I asked "what beer do you have" and he replied "I dunno.." I asked my friend what he had to drink and got a bud light. I finally got my beer about 45 min. And that's just the struggle to get a drink.. I love BWW But not this one.My boyfriend and I usually come here on Tuesday night to enjoy their special. The food is awesome and specially the service. We did and do enjoy our night all the time.Straight to the point. I get there with my boy, and I guess it's close to closing or I don't know so we had to order from the bar - no biggie. We order (I ordered a small Traditional Asian Zing wings (delish!) and large fries. 30 minutes go by and I ask the bartender what the status was on my wings and fries and he says just a couple more minutes - cool. No biggie. An hour rolls by and my wings come out (so that's like 1 hour and 30 minutes later)...... Without my fries  I tell the bartender and he says he didn't hear me order it. I'm like, bruh.... You even asked if I wanted a small or a large?! Anyway, he says it'll take 2 minutes. 20 minutes later he comes out with a small box of fries. I ORDERED A LARGE, BRO! He goes back in and then tells me it'll be another 2 minutes. 15 minutes later he comes out with a large box of fries. I open it and it looks like they just poured the fries from earlier into the large box, and they were literally cold already. 
I only gave them 2 stars because needless to say, I still loved them wings!I had great experience, the staff was amazing the atmosphere great the manager Melinda was very welcoming and polite and took care of any issues we had ! I will definitely come back and will refer anyone here to watch a sporting event!!!A friend brought us here for a kid l-friendly, pre-movie dinner. My boy had plain wings and was very happy. They were larger than normal and he had leftovers to take home. Her boy had the Mac and cheese with toppings and seemed quite happy.
We both had salads that were large and flavorful. All was good and what you round expect from a chain restaurant: solid food but a bit processed and standard not special. The boys were happy and that was our goal. I personally like mire homemade and local but this was good choice for a quick meal to please the kids. 
We played trivia while we waited for our meal which amused all.Food as expected from any other BWW chain. Our server was nice, but service sucked. Expect to be here for at least two hours. Also, we asked for 6 different flavors but only got 5?? Honestly, it's only worth to come here on Tuesdays when they have B1G1 free.This place used to be horribly unorganized and I had refused to go back for a couple years. I recently started going again because hooters was just not cutting it for me anymore. The new rewards app is awesome and  free. Both times I've been as of lately we've sat at the bar and both bartenders were amazing. And the food was exactly as you would expect from a bww. Nothing gourmet about it, just beer and wings.Three people recieved their drinks before me and four people recieved their food.  Place is a wonder how it's still open. Service has been dropping fast in the last year.  Need management change...as well as bartenders. Wont be coming back here for football season.I was very happy to see this franchise uses eco-friendly take out containers!!!  I would like to give them five stars for this as so many of our local New Orleans restaurants continue to use Styrofoam.  But, they did not earn five stars in other areas bringing down my rating.  The waitress was nice and tried hard but the service was very slow.  It took 40 minutes for our lunch to be served after placing the order.  Also, I really really hope their kitchen was cleaner than the bathrooms!!  The food was decent.  Nothing bad but nothing great either.The customer service is horrible! Don't know if it's because of a young group they gave employed. We waited 15 mins before I had to get the managers attention to let her know that we haven't seen anyone since sitting at the table. The waitress didn't have good customer service skills at all.Took for ever to get out drinks right next to the bar and then when we did the drinks were either to bittter or too sweet and one of my friends drinks was filled like half way . Food too forever and my food was great but my friends go the chicken buffalo wrap and it was super small and her drink made her stomach hurt from how sweet it wasThis place is a joke! I wrote a review when it first opened up with a similar rating that's mysteriously disappeared. This place sucked, then it was better, now it sucks worse. 
I've been waiting for nearly an hour for an order of wings and fries. The bartender just informed me they made my order wrong...big surprise...everything I've ordered here tonight has been wrong. So...now she tells me she'll take it off my tab. Well, thanks. I've seen at least two other patrons receive their orders who came in after I had so not sure how it works here but I'm done.This location is awful! The service is bad & the food is even worse! I tried complaining to "a manager" & he told me he really didn't manage this store he's just helping out & he didn't know the owner's name or a corporate contact so that I could complain to the right person. Uh ok, but he still seemed uninterested in my complaint until I mentioned that I was going to tell everyone & yes POST IT ON YELP. At that time he apologized & offered to remake our order. No thank you! We just won't be back & yes I'll tell everyone not to waste their time or money here. 
**The pics are of a chicken sandwich we ordered. The cheese wasn't even in the sandwich, just thrown in next to it. The quality was just gross!Sheena was the best server. This place isn't busy but she came over every fifteen minutes. Food was good and hot. The hostesses were all chatting and did not look welcoming but after approach they were all smiling and nice. 
I'd come back. Great dinner and drinks for happy hour.This place is terrible! I tried to go watch the The last quarter of the Saints and all I got was a beer. The bartender never came back after an hour to see if I wanted another drink or something to eat so I ended up leaving and going get wings across the street at wing snack.They don't have to worry about me coming back if they want talk to each other and not ask if bar patrons need anything else not to mention she brought her baby behind the bar while making drinks ‍Never to pack and the bartender is really nice. I have never had a problem with the staff and the wait on my food...unlike some businesses around here. The manager should be proud. She actually keeps a friendly environment and all the staff are friendly. This time I stepped out my comfort zone and ordered a hamburger which I never order out at all unless is a burger spot. Well the burger was extremely good and cooked to my liking. Taking consideration this is a wing spot the burger was top notch. I had the opportunity to dine in during happy hour which is 2-6 and indulged in some Jameson and a Lagunitas ipa.I only come to this Bdubs because it's the only one somewhat close. Terrible service every time.This restaurant has the worse costumer service I've ever seen in the chain. Waiters standing around in the middle of the day with dirty tables. Took too long to even get water. When the food came out, it was cold and the tenders look like baby shrimp.they mess up my order twice at this place. Always missing aomething but this time they make the whole order wrong.
MISSING 10 WINGS AND WE DIDNT ORDER ANY BONELESS CHICKEN. 
Cant contact the driver as well as the place to let them know.I'm here visiting from out of town, while I'm a regular in my hometown. I'm sure BWW is aware of game days and what they need to do to prepare. It's a shame that there are not that many workers to help everyone. There are long wait times just for a drink, the bartender is so lost and frustrated she taking it out on us with an attitude. Everyone should have came in to help so the restaurant can flow like it should. People are pissed off in here, while this is an embarrassment to the company and its guest maybe the Regional Manger should take action and reevaluate what's going on internally.