Absolutely the best Middle Eastern restaurant in New Orleans!  I tend to go on week nights as the crowd is weak and the service is excellent!
I love going to this location because you get the white linen with the cafeteria price!  It's relaxed and very casual and yet cozy.  The dining area is this huge open space, very reminiscent of an American cafe in NYC.  
Lamb kabobs does it for me -- sooooo flavourful and juicy and tender!  Rice pilaf is nutty and underseasoned enough to compliment the meat entree.  Love the smoked salmon appetizer!  But stay away from the eggplant!  Very bitter and just...ick!  
Dessert is something else...we had a brownie a la mode...the icecream and caramel was delicious..but the brownie was WAY too sweet.  
I seriously used to live in this restaurant!  Parking is on the street, but if you go evening hours, park @ the Liberty Bank parking lot.  I used to be Mona's, but Byblos just rocks my world =)Hands down the best Middle Eastern/Mediterranian restaurant in New Orleans.  The Schwarma is absolutely divine.  Great hummus and kibby, and the basmati they serve just cannot be topped by anyone.  If you've got someone who doesn't eat Mediterranean, try the veal.  Try Byblos again and again.Simply put:  Amazing.  After every meal, I must return home for a reflective nap.  Colorful, flavorful, fresh, delicious.  I've yet to come across a bite that didn't make me grin while chewing.I had a seriously great experience at Byblos. Mind I'm extremely picky so getting me to eat certain types of food is very hard but every single thing I tried here was amazing. Let me give you a run down of whats awesome (food wise) The cheese fingers probably has to be my favorite appetizer the feta, jack and cream cheese fried has to be one of the most delightful things I ate, cheese makes things all better in the world,, at least in my opinion. The Lahem-Bi-Ajeen was pretty delightful to, very interesting zesty taste, it consisted of ground beef, lamb and onions on a pita bread.  This could probably be a meal all by itself. I'm not big on salad but I tried out the Tabbouleh which was actually a good salad I loved the use of olive oil and lemon juice. I tried a few of the kabobs the chicken and steak, and that steak absolutely put me in happy dance mode seriously. Probably one of my favorite items on the menu was the Kafta which was like a sausage blend with beef lamb and onions. I actually also tried lamb chops for the first time and I could only think.... How could I MISSED OUT ON THIS FOR SO LONG. I now love the juicy lamb, the flavor is unforgettable. Not sure of the name of the dessert I had but it was this wonderful baked them with some cream inside and ROSEMARY on top. The cream and rosemary together was probably the best to end any lunch... Note: I couldn't eat for two days after it was just so good and too much!
I tried a blackberry mojito and it was wonderful and STRONG... You have been warned... prepare yourself. The service was great. The waitress was nice and helpful, she explained the thing we didn't understand always had a smile and came around enough to make sure we were properly being serviced.  Everything came out timely and didn't really have to do much waiting. I have to say I really didn't expect to have a good experience here but I definitely have a change of heart now.Having only experienced the pita bread and hummus, I am completely sold on this establishment.  Using only the freshest ingredients, Byblos crafts a meal that will not be soon forgotten.
Also, you stand a good chance of catching some local celebs dining there.Love the food, the cocktail menu is killer, and the service has steadily improved over the past year or so.  Just wish the music were a little less distracting from the overall experience; something more contemporary would suit the decor much more.Food is incredible....the 'party in my mouth' is more of a relaxed lounge, as I want to relax and savour every bite.  This place is ideal for vegetarians (me!) With so many veggie options, I had a difficult time just choosing 4 to create my veggie platter.  LOVED the mousakka, cheese fingers....wow and Alex, our server was great!one of my faves in N.O. I recently moved back to San Francisco and have been craving some Byblos!!! Theres tons of greek/med. food in the sanfran but the ambiance here was really nice. The food is consistently good and a nice change from all the fried food in the city. the chicken kabobs are sooooo good perfectly seasoned. hummus is delish. falafels and greek salad are also quite good. the only thing i wish is that the cucumber yogurt salad had more than a slice of cucumber in it!!!!! awwww but i miss this place and will be heading there on my next visitI ordered a pomegranate martini and got a spritzer on the rocks, but it tasted great so no biggie.  Service was great, salmon was perfect as usual, friend order gyro plate which she thought was fantastic.  Excluding drink malfunction great experience.Chug that coffee and wake the kids, because this is awesome Mediterranean food.
I always get the hummus for an app and I know I'm not the first to tell you that it is awesome!  Then I get the chicken or beef schwarma (sp?) and yum!  It's fantastic!  I know some people wouldn't call it "authentic", but maybe that's why I like it.  Look, I'm never going to be able to eat goat.  I just can't go there (I'm looking at you, Lebanon Cafe').
The place has a great atmosphere and is a fantastic date place.  Belly dancing on Thursdays...I think.  That might be worth looking up.  I just realized that I am long overdue for a visit back to good 'ol Byblos.
Now I'm hungry.  But not for goat.Over all the food was really good ! 
What we ordered was as follows:
Appetizers: Baba Ghanuj "Eggplant Dip - $7.00
Stuffed Grape Leaves ..............................  - $5.00
Shrimp on a Skewer .................................  - $17.00
Crème Brûlée ............................................... - $?
My wife and I found the Creme Brulee to be lacking something; just wasn't up there with everything else.
Note:  Perhaps the best part of our experience with this restaurant was the Service!  We found the service in many New Orleans establishments to be lacking.  At Byblos, our waitress was snappy, accurate, and checking to see if we needed anything often.  For that reason alone, we will return on our next visit to New Orleans.
Great value for the price !Popped in one afternoon for some takeout falafel. Thirty minutes later (the place was empty) we headed home, half-starved but excited about our late lunch. Of course- the falafel took thirty minutes because that's about how long they left in the fryer. 
Clearly it was so quiet, you flaked out on the one dish you were preparing cuz there was a soccer match on the tv. Fine. Just put another falafel together and let the bar know. Instead- I'm left with a pita of burnt-ass, chickpea lumps and no recourse. 
Not a good look. If you can't fry falafel it's time to get out of the biz. 
And for the record- the bar is incredibly low for middle-eastern food in New Orleans. Step it up folks. Step it up.This is the best Med/Mid-East./Greek style food in the State of Louisiana. Also it is the best Hummus I've ever had. Do NOT miss the hummus!As we pulled up to thisrestaurant, we were all delighted (we'd almost been dragged to Bourbon St for din -eeek.) Byblos sits in a cute little neighborhood amongst  little boutique shops, wine bars, and a dessert /champagne bar. 
The baba ghanouj was excellent.  
The falafel was yummy. 
The hummus was not the best I've had. 
The lentil soup was bland (bummer, this was the dish I was most looking forward to)
In a group of 6 people, we all left 'satisfied'. 
We loved the atmosphere. Felt very much like a 'wine bar' should feel. The restazurant was very clean, the service was attentive and the wine was plentiful. 
I'd do it again.
...love...Just a girl always on a quest to find the perfect mojito in the summer. I can't complain - the playboyesque server made a mad mojito.. in fact, all the server girls are rather playboyesque..hummmm 
Great place to enjoy the weather outside and great Mediterranean food but  unfortunate rating here we geaux.. I would never go back for dessert. The cake taste like brick and looked like doogie poop. Luckily, we did not have to pay for it...
Wish I woulda yelped it first...I've been to this restaurant several times now and the food tonight was so bad i had to join yelp to write about it. the food was absolutely terrible. the rice had no flavor and it wasn't cooked right. the cabbage rolls were revolting. the chicken shawarma, which is usually decent, literally made me sick. go to lebanon or babylon, the only thing nice about byblos on magazine is the ambiance.The gyro nachos are about as good as you can get.  The food was really great, though service was a little slow.  
Initially, the kitchen made kebabs instead of the schwarma we ordered and the waiter brought out the kebabs to see if we'd changed out mind - nope.  
The pita brought out with the schwarma was cut into pieces about the size of a chip, which for the gyro nachos was great, but for schwarma, you really need bigger bread.  
The rice was a bit hard in spots, probably sitting around the kitchen too long.  The meat was fantastic.
The music started off as middle eastern and then went into more middle eastern rave-ish techno mix, and all I could imagine was a bunch of middle eastern girls in burkas with neon wands, pacifiers, on extacy.Byblos has had patches of poorly-trained or ill-concieved chefs playing with its baseline flavors over the last few years, but it still provides top-notch Mediterranean(esque?) fare with fresh and actually crafted ingredients, a moderate rarity for this style of cuisine in this or any other town.  
Notes of choice:
Still, when i think schwarma i think Byblos.  Beef or chicken marinated for at least a day in red wine and olive oil and fresh herbs, then grilled.  Tonight seemed a bit of an overstep, the cook had added cardamom and cloves to the mix, and maybe not enough garlic to marry the tannins of the spicy wine.  I'd say i'm being picky, but being this is one of my true comfort meals that i eat at least 6 times a year, i feel entitled.  They were clearly slow, for the first time I had a dude waiter (he was good), and the length of the marination was queue to the slow times of passed August.
That said, the other reason i often go to Byblos is the wonderful Eggplant and Crab cake which is listed as an app for the table, but also makes a nice small plate alone with whatever dry white you fancy, or a nice drink with tonic.  The Bechemel drizzled over the pile of crab has a good fresh lemon bite, usually, and keeps the affair from being too heavy.  It is this dish, honestly, that often makes me bring all but a few bites of my schwarma home in a box.
Also one final tid: the lebanese rosewater tea here is unsweetened and not too perfumey, something most places fail at on both accounts.  Makes me happy, though.
I have taken away a star only because of the variety of competion in this new New Orleans.  Byblos will have to fight for that star back.  If they can.This is one of the places I keep coming back to. I love the hummus and grape leaves here, and the kibbi and lamb chops are consistent favorites in our group. Salads are fresh, and the portions are huge. Service is fairly tolerable, although they will ignore you for long periods of time and I don't understand how a waitress who doesn't know what a Perrier is doesn't get fired... But I keep coming back, so I guess I decided that the food makes up for it.Very nice service. Compared to the Mediterranean food I would get upstate NY, this was great. But I think I could have gotten just as good food, or better, at a nice hole in the wall.I have definitely had way better Mediterranean food. It's not bad, but it's not great. Big menu. I would recommend the hummus, it's got a different flavor than other hummus I have tried. It tastes ....richer? Well, either way, this place is just... ok.I absolutely LOVE byblos. I eat here at least once a week.  I love the outdoor covered seating (minus the New Olreans flies). The setting is oh so relaxing. The food is delicious, and the waitstaff are the best I have come across on Magazine. I would recommend to anyoneAlthough my favorite is and always will be Babalon cafe for Mediterranean, I do love me some Byblos.  I have always had seriously awesome meals there.  The other night after parading, I stumbled in and the kids and I shared some sort of behemoth appetizer platter which I'm pretty sure I finished off by licking the place.As a half-persian raised on Middle Eastern food all my life, I find it hard to give any Middle Eastern restaurant a high score- let alone one in New Orleans, but Byblos faired well. The hummus is OKAY... the sumac was excessive and they didn't add olive oil in mine. I prefer Mona's Cafe over Byblos, even though the atmosphere there is lacking. My favorite dish here is the chicken kebob, and the falafels weren't shabby either.Ugh. I don't even know where to start with the Byblos experience I had tonight. 
I called in an order at 7:45. They told me 15 min for pick up. I got there at about 8:05, waited a few minutes, paid (and tipped! wish I could take that back!), took my bag and walked back home. And .... not my food. I ordered two vege plates, and I got two containers of meat and some pita bread. 
I walked back. I'd say got there at about 8:15 (I live 3 blocks away). She apologized, said she realized the mistake right as I walked out but couldn't find me. So I wait and wait and wait and wait some more, and 20 minutes later I get my food. Walk 5 min home. 
The order is ALMOST right. But not quite. They left one thing out completely, and substituted.... MEAT FILLED grape leaves on my vegetarian plate! Thanks for serving me food I can't even eat! 
Also: all the hot stuff: cold. Like 20 minutes cold. Which is amazing to me, considering I waited 20 freaking minutes for it to be redone. 
Also, why on earth did I have to wait so long? They should have moved my order to the front. AND.... when she finally brings it to me, she grabs the pita from the order I picked up 35 minutes before and gave me that! Not even fresh pita??? Inexcusable. They should have also offered me a free drink while I waited. If they had done that, I would have gotten over it. But they did NOTHING to make up for my troubles.
UGH. The food I can eat is ok. Byblos used to be better. I hadn't eaten there in a while because I found it over-priced. But I guess this was my last trip. I'll hoof it down the street a little further and get Mona's, which is better and cheaper. And they've never gotten my orders wrong.
Byblos: They're slow... but they're expensive! And full of mistakes!$5 Mojitos during happy hour (went in around 6pm). I got the blood orange which was sweet (not too sweet), but wasn't the best mojito I've had.  At $5, it was worth it.  
Free pita pieces at the beginning but nothing fantastic.  No hummus...just pieces of pita that tasted like you could buy them from any supermarket.  I got the Chicken Shawarma salad which was okay.  For the price, I think I like Lebanon's Cafe better...Sometime last year, I tried Byblos on Metairie Road and truly enjoyed it.  So I have been wanting to try the magazine location to see if everything was consistent between the two locations.  Living in Lakeview, I don't tend to go uptown very often.  However, Magazine Street is flooded with dining options, so I think I'll start venturing out here a little more often.
To be honest, I actually had a coupon for a free entree here.  With the stock market tanking and my wages being frozen for two years, I don't mind admitting that I'm always looking for a good bargain, especially when it comes to dining.
The restaurant has limited seating outside (al fresco) on the sidewalk, but it's way too hot right now for that.  The restaurant has an open floor plan and a really good looking decor.  The huge full service bar is off to the left and is separated from the main dining room by a small partition.  Although the table are not on top of one another, this place has the potential to be tremendously loud.  The restaurant was only half full and the niose was already pretty bad.  I think a lot of the noise can be attributed to the high ceilings, which are actually made of ornate metal panels.  In my opinion, it's worth it, beacuse the ceilings are totally cool.
For an appetizer, we had the drunken halloumi, which is a Cypriot halloumi cheese that has been lightly sauteed in ouzo and olive oil, and is served atop sliced tomatoes.  This app has a great flavor, but it's a small portion, even for an appetizer.
For dinner, we had the large salad with grilled shrimp.  It was a very big salad and the greens were all fresh and crisp.  The shrimp on top were almost big enough to be considered prawns, and they were awesome.
We also had the beef kabob (shish kabob) plate.  These certified Angus beef tenderloins literally melted in your mouth.  However, the only skewered veggies that came with them were onions & bell peppers.  I would have liked to see some mushrooms or tomatoes here too.  At least some red, yellow or orange bell peppers to add some color to the plate.
For dessert, we opted for the ashta.  This huge crispy phyllo dough was filled with custard and topped with a rosewater syrup with chopped pieces of pistachios.  Even if you're not hungry or have already eaten, I'd recommend coming here and sitting at the bar to have this dessert and a nightcap.
The only negatives here, aside from the noise, is the parking situation.  Uptown dining on Magazine Street is sometimes tough because parking is at a premium.  However, this wouldn't stop me from coming back.I have had some good experiences at Byblos in the past, but more recently I have been quite disappointed.  The last time I had dinner there, after receiving our appetizers our group of four waited over an hour for our entrees.  When we received our food it was cold, included the salmon I ordered which was also undercooked.  The quality of the food was not good nor was it authentic.  This is unfortunate as otherwise the ambiance at Byblos is great.  But if you are looking for more consistently good Lebanese food in New Orleans, Lebanon's Cafe, Mona's Cafe, or Babylon Cafe are much better options.On a beautiful walk through the Garden District, we took a detour to Magazine street for a quick bite. I watched my lovely wife eat salad, soup, tea. For me, meh. For her, "hit the spot."This expansive setting doesn't conjure images of the typical Mediterranean restaurant: flat-screen TVs, white tablecloths, and a huge bar waiting for patrons to share drinks and appetizers.
Dinner was an early affair, as we were headed to a movie. Our server did a great job with pacing, but had it been more crowded, I doubt we would have been out in time.  
I really wanted to try the Drunken Haloumi, but my friend convinced me to try the Greek Nachos instead. I'm sorry I didn't push him; it was rather disappointing: dry pieces of gyro meat, yogurt salad and tomatoes over pita crips. It reminded me of something you make at home when you're trying to make do with the ingredients you have on hand, like during a snowstorm. 
We both ordered the Kafta Kabob: ground beef and lamb with spices. Suffice it to say it was a lamb burger without a bun. The sides were great; the tabouleh, labneh, hummus and yogurt salad were all fresh and delicious. They made the otherwise boring kabob.
I haven't experienced their happy hour, but it sounds great.This review is purely for the martinis.  All july they were having $3 or something ridiculously cheap martinis, but of course i didn't get back to nola until august...they kept it up, but just with $3 thursdays.  If you order the martinis on any other night they will be 3-4x the cost (i say 3-4 because it seemed to be more each time we'd go...inexplicably).  Also, the quality steadily declined.  First, the key lime martini was AWESOME.  the next time it was basicaly undrinkable, so i attribute that to a specific bartender.  After that time, i made specific instructions for the waitress to give the bartender--'make the key lime martini VERY sweet'. Still the quality continued to decline.  But for $3, its worth the risk...Yum, yum! A friend and I stumbled into this place after taking the streetcar into the Garden District and then wandering down Magazine Street. It worked perfectly as she is a vegetarian and many typical New Orleans restaurants don't suit her needs.
We sat on the sidewalk on a perfect spring day, which was great for people watching.  
I had the beef kebab, which was not actually served on a skewer.. and a grilled tomato would have been a nice addition. But it was cooked perfectly and the hummus and yogurt dip sides made for a divine lunch. 
This seemed like a place full of locals instead of tourists like us, which must be a good sign. I'd definitely go back.. actually, I'd like to order the same dish right now.Definitely not the worst Middle Eastern food I've ever had, but certainly not the best.  The server seemed slightly annoyed and made me feel like I, too, was annoying her, but her attitude may have come from a long day of feeding people.  We had the dolamades, labneh, falafel and hummus for an appetizer.  I was impressed with everything except the falafel.  They were fried until hard as a rock and were nearly impenetrable.  I probably could have fired one out of a slingshot and killed someone.  
My entree was the kafta kabob with tabbouleh and yogurt.  The meat was seasoned and spiced perfectly, but it was not in the least bit tender.  All in all, though, my experience was good and I'd eat here again.Um...just don't sit by the wall!!! Because my mom, friend and myself sat down for dinner on Sunday night and half way through...GERMAN COCKROACHES started POURING out of a hole in the painted brick wall!!!!!!
We moved OURSELVES to another table in the center aisle, only to have the little hostess walk by and say....."What...you don't like the way roaches taste? They good"
Our bill was not changed until we asked for some kind of compensation and no one genuinely even apologized to us until  the chef caught wind of what the hostess had said to us and sent another cook who was mortified out to offer us free desert.
NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!This is a really good restaurant.  We went there last night with 9 other people and had a great time.  Their appetizers were extremely good, service was excellent.  Very good atmosphere.  All in our party throughly enjoyed it.  The manager was kind enough to let us in with outside drinks. We will definitely go back.I have heard a lot of people saying that Byblos is no good. Well, I'm here to tall you that they are wrong! This place has some awesome Mediterranean food. 
The nachos, yes nachos, are killer! I would leave work right now to go and get them. Crispy pita chips with lamb meet, tzatziki, tomatos, olives and onions. Delicious!!! The greek salad was alright, next time I will ask for the dressing on the side, because it was soaked. Their falafel is also pretty good. 
One other perk about Byblos is the happy hour. I think its from 3-7 they have $3 Kettle One Martini's! And the bartenders always make the perfect dirty martini! They have some kick ass lemoncello  and they were working on some orangecello last time we were there.Food was great and the Pomegranate martini was fantastic. Our server wasn't paying attention to us, but the other employees took care of things.Meh. Meh. And Meh. Maybe it's because I've lived in Los Angeles and NYC, two places with great middle eastern food, but this place didn't impress me. It wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about. I got the falafel salad, which would have been much better if the falafel balls hadn't been dry and hard. The rest of the dish was okay- picked turnips were good, dressing was not memorable but went with the flavors of the dish.
My bf and I split the hummus ap- the pita had more flavor than the hummus! We couldn't even taste the dip- weird! But pita was good so I guess no harm no foul there. 
My bf had the 1/2 chicken entree with mashed potatoes and green beans. He said the chicken was a bit rich for his liking, but that's really a tasters choice kind of thing. 
All in all, unless you MUST eat muddle eastern because you have an unnatural desire for pita and/or feta, you can probably find a better meal at one of the many other establishments magazine. IMO. 
Oh yeah, and there was a belly dancer. I'm awkward, so having a half naked chick come up to me and my date while we were chatting exacerbated that. Am I supposed to look her in the eye or stare at her body?! I split the difference and stared at the pita instead :-} ...Wonderful variations on familiar Mediterranean dishes. 
I chose the vegetable lunch plate. The Grape Leaves, which I included beef, were the best I've ever had in my life, hands down. Full of mint, they must be prepared within the restaurant itself. Falafel was standard issue but good. The moussaka was rich comfort food that was redolent with spice, cooked to perfection.
Un-enthusiastic service from a waitress who struck me as somewhat sloppy and disinterested. But, the service was very fast and the place appeared to be running with efficiently with an overall chummy staff.My husband and two friends of our were in Nola for Jazz Fest and wanted to check out Byblos upon the recommendation of a friend who lives in the area.
We ordered a couple of appetizers - including the fried cheese, lamb appetizer and a couple salads.  The fried cheese was amazingly good, and the salads were great - fresh ingredients and really tasty dressing.  
For entrees, we ordered pasta, a kafka kabob and chicken shwarma.  All were fantastic, and we were happily passing our plates around excited to share our food with each other.
The entire time we were so thrilled about the food - and the great value that Byblos offers. However...
Yes, there is a BIG BUT here.  The server was laughable.  Not just terrible - laughable.  We still joke about how terrible he was and refer to bad service by his name now.  What was so terrible about the service? EVERYTHING.
First, it took forever to be greeted at the table and get water.  We began by trying to order wine, and the server barely knew what was on the menu and responded with automatic choices. No big deal - we chose a bottle of red wine, a meritage, I think.  Then, after what seemed like forever, he comes back to say that they don't have any more bottles of our choice.  So we reselect another bottle, and he finally brings the bottle by.  He puts our glasses on the table. Opens the bottle of wine and walks away.  We all looked around - wanting to pour the wine, but etiquette in many places say you should allow the server to pour the wine.  Finally, when we see him again, we ask about the wine - he says, I kid you not, "Well, I opened it. Did you want me to pour it too?"  We just laughed and poured our own wine.
The rest of the service continued in this way - none of the dishes were removed from the table unless we asked that they were (at one point we were stacking them in the middle of the table), we had to ask for more water, etc.  Finally, the bill comes and my husband looks at it and looked it over.  He didn't take off the first bottle of wine that they didn't have - so we were almost overcharged for that.  Every time he came back to the table to deal with the check, he looked at all the empty dishes and plates on our table and ignored them.  We paid the bill, which was quite reasonable, I should add, and went on our way.
Overall, the food was fantastic and I would certainly go again when in town, but would try to ask for a different waiter.  We certainly won't forget his name, as we now call all bad service by the same name!  I hope that he's either a temporary employee, or being retrained.  Either way, I'd definitely recommend going and the food really is wonderful, but buyer beware when it comes to service.This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in the city ( and in NOLA that's saying a lot), but that all changed the last time I ate here.  I was with some relatives from out of town and we were just finishing up our meal when the chef came over to ask us how our experience was.  At that same moment a cockroach crossed over the table.  To our surprise the Chef reached across grabbed the sugar holder and used it to squash the bug and then slide the sugar holder back to its place with the bug still underneath it. To top of this disgusting experience he explained to us that, "there are two types of people in this world those who hate roaches and those who don't mind them, I don't mind them."Ironically enough, when I moved back to Boston from New Orleans I missed the Middle Eastern restaurants the most.  I mean, I was so over the po-boys and the redfish drowning in cream sauce and sausage on everything and bland gumbo and red beans and rice and fried oysters.  Byblos is one of a few places in New Orleans where you can feel good and healthy about eating there. The food doesn't weight you down and it's really freaking good!
Byblos has the most incredible hummus (but I will say I think Mona's is slightly better) with warm pita and their feta is creamy and fresh tasting. I'm pretty basic in my ordering and always stuck with kabobs and salads but I've always been pleased. 
On this last trip to New Orleans I made it a point to go to Byblos uptown and it was my favorite meal there. I know, I work in Watertown, MA where Middle Eastern restaurants are plentiful but none have been able to do for me what Byblos can.Went there with group of friends and everything we had was delicious, that's all I can remember but what really stood out in my memory was the lamb chops, so damn tender! Yeesss! Just the way I like it!!!!I have been here twice. The foods notr bad, but its not particularly good either. Service is slow.Well, if there's one thing I can argue and debate until the cows come home is Middle Eastern cuisine. There's not a single good meal of the three times I've gone to Byblos. Three times just because friends wanted to go there.
I am absolutely baffled by the inadequacies of Byblos kitchen to make a GOOD Shish Tawook (let's just say when a mid eastern rest. can't get this item right and tasty it's a flop period).
The Beef shawarma is tougher than dog food and the rice is down right a joke. Now, I will even challenge the chef on any of these items in terms of how it should be.
other than the Humus, I'd have to say this is more a disgrace to mid east cuisine more than anything else but if the folks in this town don't know better then I guess there's nothing to gauge a standard with.Entering this establishment we were pleasantly surprised with the atmosphere. Cozy dark woods and comfortable seating. We started with the baba ghanouj was splendid! As good as what was served to me by my in laws in Egypt. My entree was Lamb skewers with yogurt sauce. YUM!!!! the lamb was cooked to perfection. I will go back again and hope to repeat the excellent lunch experience I had.This is definitely one of the best Mediterranean restaurants I have been to. They have a large menu with plenty of unique selections to fit anyone's liking. 
I tried the Labneh ($5.50) to start out with. It says Lebanese Cream Cheese, but tastes just like Greek Yogurt topped with oil, mint, cucumber, and olives.  Served with a HUGE BASKET of pita bread (white and wheat). Wonderful!
For my lunch I had the Kafta Kabob ($10), served with two sides. Tabbouleh and Cucumber Salad.  The Tabbouleh was generous, light, and refreshing. The Cucumber Salad was good, but contained WAY more sauce than cucumber.  (Dip your Kafta in it!) 
My only complaint was: The service was S_L_O_W.  Luckily, I had nowhere to be, but it took us 2 hours from start to finish, and there were only 3 other tables in the entire restaurant.  I would probably not choose this place on a time constrained lunch hour, but other than that, sit back relax and enjoy!.Too pricey for what it is. And the prices just went up. The Chicken Swarma (add Feta and tell them to go easy on the dressing - especially in the Metairie location). The Babaganouj is the best I have ever had, the hummus is not. Order the Asha for dessert.I've eaten at Byblos on Magazine for many years and it is usually good with some consistent patches of less than good incidents.  My first experience eating here was terrible as I got the lamb sampler platter and everything came out burned black and crispy.  Fortunately that was the low point and things have generally been better since then.  Byblos does some things better than other Middle Eastern places but not as good as others in the area.  I generally find their beef kabobs are consistently outstanding while the quality and taste of the lamb is very inconsistent.  
Byblos used to offer some very consistently clean bathrooms but, for at least the past year, the men's toilet has been constantly clogged up and emanating a very unpleasant smell.  I've also seen some inconsistency with management where sometimes you are "allowed" to order some combination of things and other times you are not.  They also have been a bit confused on the menu with having gyros on both the dinner and lunch menus but then only on the lunch and then going back so I've seen several people get frustrated with that.
Byblos offers belly dancing on Thursday nights and this location can be a fun place just to hang out and drink as their drink prices are much cheaper than some of the surrounding restaurants (and even some of the bars).  Usually a good place for lunch or dinner but sometimes some inconsistencies do pop up.My cravings for Mediterranean food died after my first bite into a piece of pita and hummus. Their hummus was dull and not at all satisfying (minus 1 star). I then ordered a greek salad, which was drenched in dressing (minus another star). The good end of our visit was the service; our waitress was sweet and did a good job. 
In the end, we wished that we'd just gone to Zea's for hummus instead of trying something new.We ate there on Sunday afternoon and the experience was abominable. The sweet potatoes were burned, the tabouli was OFF, service was very slow and the music was more than irritating. With so many great Lebanese places in crown, we won't be coming back anytime soon .Byblos is going downhill. This used to be a great place to grab some lamb, but the last few times I've gone the food was terrible. Just now, my food was served raw and cold. Go the the one on metatie road (which is still wonderful) or go to mona's. Skip this place at all costs!I'm a little hesitant about giving this place four stars.  It's more like three and a half stars, but anyway, you win this one Byblos!
This is slightly more formal-feeling that Lebanon's and Mona's but still casual.  Possibly a nice semi-romantic destination with the low-lighting and full service bar.  Or just a place to grab a meal with some buddies.  Yanno, whatever floats your boat!
Byblos being Mediterranean food is VERY vegetarian and vegan friendly - rejoice!  They even have a Vegetarian Platter, which is what I always get, your choice of four of their vegetarian dishes for $13.  The hummus and baba Ghanuj are pretty great, but again, I have a sneaking suspicion, that I prefer my faithful Lebanon's versions.  The falafel is thankfully not gritty and mealy like Mona's, much better here.  I think I might actually like the grape leaves here more than Lebanon's, but it's been awhile so I can't say for certain.
The fattoush is lovely, but it's hard to screw up such a simple salad, I would think?  The lentil and spinach soup is kind of tasteless, to be honest, but I've had worse, so I am not raising hell about it.  
Wednesdays here are awesome, although very crowded due to $1 martini nights and belly dancers.  It tends to get quite rambunctious, so Wednesday is not the day to bring your significant other here to have a "serious talk."  Just saying!  Service is also not as prompt on Wednesday, but hey for $1 martinis, what do you expect?
It's a little pricier here than Mona's and Lebanaon's, but those extra dollars go towards the ambiance and the full bar, I guess?  Anyway, Byblos is good, no real complaints here!So while living in NOLA I only ate at the Byblos on Magazine twice (I was more of a casual Lebanon's frequenter). The first time was to meet a couple of my boyfriends friends for wine and appetizers. It was night and we were seated outside and it has the great night-time Magazine St feel. We ordered quite a few things but the fried cheese sticks (cream cheese and jack inside, pepper jelly outside) and Wow-ie they were awesome. I can't believe it. I seriously only came back after that for these cheese stick. I wish I were lying. Other then that, I seriously was strictly Lebanons. This place get's three stars from me, one for service (and staying open later to cater to us), two for the clean and cozy ambience, and of course one more for the cheeeeeese sticks. The gyro's weren't bad (a little dry and lackin in hummus) and the pita basket was warm but that's not exactly star quality this time around.
If I'm back in NOLA and in the area I would visit again.Maybe because we had consumed too many margaritas at Juan's earlier, we weren't the easiest of diners. We came in late, had options paralysis, and really didn't eat much at all. 
The things that stood out in my mind...the dolma are served warm (I've only ever had cold) and you have the option of meat or veg-only (I've only ever had veg). And they play techno music. Not ethnically appropriate in my mind, but I guess that's not the tone they're going for. The lamb, kabob, and spreads were A-OK and made for nice leftovers at home.Delicious! I got the vegetarian platter, had more than I could finish and had left overs the next day! The falafel was some of the best I have ever had. Hummus was great. Not a fan of the grape leaves, BUT, it was my first time trying so, I'm not a good judge of that. spanakopia was delicious as well. Good prices.Not really for kids. Food is ok, not great-has a few things that are good but not enough to deal with bad service. Atmosphere is great, but you can find that just about anywhere on Magazine Street.
It's not like you can't find another place to get Greek food in NOLA.Alright kids, let me tell you a tale of the time I ate lunch at Byblos.
It's 4pm and I'm in the mood for a filling late lunch. The choice is between Byblos & Juan's. I misguidedly chose Byblos.  I worked in the same block as Byblos for many years.  They used to be a dependable, tasty, non-greasy option in the area. The ball was dropped somewhere along the way because I was actually furious at myself for choosing this spot.  
I was solo and decided to dine at the bar.  This was my second mistake of the day.  Mr. Bartender needed some water or maybe a Tums.   There was some nonstop grunting and grossness involved.  It was quite distracting.  It seemed he had zero desire to be at work.  You should have asked someone to cover your shift buddy!  MC Grunty had to literally hunt down a wine list.  Then he took the wine list from my hands because he had no clue what wine I spoke of. You are the bartender, right? 
Don't let me fail to mention there were TWO diners in the entire restaurant, including myself. TWO!  The other woman also sat at the bar.  We each had moments wishing there was a GPS for the absentee bartender.  Where did he go?  Did he dash across the street to Walgreens for that antacid?  Sorry to stress you out bartender. These two people must be hard to manage. I guess that's why you forgot my pita bread for my hummus.  It's cool. I'll just lick the plate.  Oh wait, now it's cold because you were MIA.  I understand the team may want to get things done when it's slow but I expect a tiny bit of attentiveness. 
All of the above infractions would have been quickly forgiven if the food was delicious.  Unfortunately, it wasn't even mediocre.  I ordered the shrimp on a skewer and I was excited when the food arrived.  This quickly changed after my first bite.  The basmati rice was undercooked to the point of being inedible.  It reminded me of the rice Taco Bell serves.  Some grains are cooked nicely and others make you fear for the state of your crowns and fillings.  The shrimp on the "skewer" made me want to skewer my stomach.  Dry, overcooked shrimp in New Orleans?  The chef/cook should be ashamed of himself.  
There were no redeeming qualities about this visit.  The atmosphere wasn't even pleasant.  It's a beautiful spot but the music was startling.  Late 90s salsa and merengue, plus an odd song reminiscent of The Lion King Soundtrack.  You can keep it.  When I crave Mediterranean, I'll go to Babylon.  At least they are friendly, the food is tasty and they have that delicious bread. Yum!!  I am done with you Byblos. Stick to serving crap to the unsuspecting shoppers of Lakeside Mall.About once every 2 weeks or so, I have a wicked craving for kibbeh & labneh.  I decided to take care of the latest onset at Byblos on Magazine.  The stuffed kibbeh was excellent, as I expected.  The labneh was just the way that I like it, so "winner number 2"!!!What I DIDN'T expect was to find a fried cheese appetizer here tat was OUTSTANDING.  I DON'T believe that it's Lebanese, but I do KNOW that is was REALLY yummy!!!!  Something else that is an added bonus... a REALLY nice wine list!  Maybe I'm wrong, but I'm just not used to having Lebanese or Greek food AND a nice selection of wines.  
The atmosphere is very nice... looks more upscale than I would generally expect for Lebanese, but in a good way.  You would be welcome in shorts, but not out of place taking a date here, either.  
There is NOW a Byblos on Citrus in Harahan, which makes me really happy!  The atmosphere is completely different... almost a 50's diner kind of thing.  Really cute!  The food is every bit as good as Magazine, although there is no wine list here.  I like calling on my way home, then picking up.  I really recommend BOTH locations.Nooooootttttttt so bad. I wandered in here tonight, crashing at a friend's place in the Garden District for the evening after three days at a conference in the Quarter. I was up to my eyeballs in po' boys, not in a bad way, so this was a good alternative. Plus I love Lebanese/Middle Eastern food and it's a staple of my eating-out diet in DC. 
This place is calm and attractive inside, so I was happy about that. i ate at the bar, where the service was low-key. The chicken shawarma was yummy, but the sides are where I get picky...the hummus was okay. I wasn't blown away. And I asked for a side of fattoush as a sub for the rice that comes with the dish. The bartender immediately obliged, but this was not fattoush. it was like Caesar salad with pita chips. Boo. (I love fattoush...) 
The portion of chicken was generous and it was really good. A generous basket of pita slices came out first. I'm an olive oil junkie so it would have been nice if they'd brought some out with it. 
It was definitely a quality meal and I'd go back, but I do recommend that they jazz up the salad and the hummus, just a bit. I'd also love to try more of the mezze. Since I was alone I just got the few things I had, and it's not fair to judge a restaurant with so many options just based on those. Pleasant dining experience, though, and I'm glad I chose it.