Great place and friendly staff. Went for some fresh bread and left with extra pastries!  Beautiful cakes and pies. Will be back for more. Looks like a superb neighborhood addition.   Looking forward to trying the Gumbo Pot Pieand breakfast goodies.I've been working my way through eating everything on the menu. Have not had a bad thing! The mushroom marsala sandwich tops my list for lunch.
The service has always been friendly and prompt. 
The baked goods I've only had a few: the apple pie AAAAAmazing, the chocolate chip cookies Oh Yea, the bread pudding was rated by my Welsh mother-in-law as superb. What I really want to try are the cakes. They look incredible!
Atmosphere is chill and most times that I've gone in for lunch there is a live piano player. BONUS!After splitting the delicious free sample of the lemon pastry, I went back and ate the strawberry myself.  Both were perfect and encouraged me to get a crawfish hand pie.  They do savory as well as sweet and it was sooooooooo good.  It's my birthday next week so we tried one of the cakes strawberry chocolate cream.  My plan was to only have one bite.  Ha!!!!!!!  We will definitely be buying a cake for the birthday dinner.  Can't wait to go back for a breakfast cup.So the full bakery isn't open just yet, but they are selling king cakes. King cakes were like fruitcakes for me when I first got to know New Orleans ie bleh/whatever at best, but the berry chantilly version I just had from them....whooooo so good. They also have this awesome "house of cards" mini thing sitting on the table randomly, I'm guessing it was part of 'tit Rex heheh.Does this place have their kitchen open? There was nothing there except king cakes 2 weeks ago. 
?Food glorious food! Chaya Conrad is the Queen of king cakes. You could taste the love in each bite.
Their Go-Go cups are the perfect meal whilst strolling through the bywater streets of NOLA. My faves are the shrimp & grits and the G&G's(grits & grillards) Damn I love fluffy grits.
They have healthy options but when in Rome....
My last stop at the bakery I noticed they had a lovely selection of cheeses and their deli case was filled with a variety of salads and MEATS-oh shit, I'll be back!Excellent food, less than stellar service. There's no question the food here is delicious, I was nothing but happy with the items I ordered. Though on both occasions that I started my day at this bakery, the server (the same woman both days, with pink hair) treated me like an incompetent idiot. I can understand a one-off bad day, or if the questions I'd asked her had been particularly dumb, but both times my questions were harmless. On the first day, I asked what was in the chickpea salad, because it looked delicious. She rolled her eyes and said 'It's chickpeas.', as if I wasn't asking for an expansion of what was written on the label. The second time I went, I ordered a latte and paid with a card. She was obviously very busy and I got the (perhaps false) impression that she had forgotten to return my card. When she passed me the latte and I asked, just to be sure, 'Sorry, can I just get my card back?' she once again looked at me with disdain and in a condescending tone said 'Yeah, of course, I'm doing that right now.' I don't know if I caught this woman on two particularly off days or if she always treats the customers this way, but it is certainly not how I want to start my mornings off. I've never written a Yelp review before, but I was so upset and thrown off by being treated this way, and I hope given the quality of Bywater Bakery's food, that they come to improve the quality of their service as well.I love their fresh baked bread! And little chocolate cakes are so moist and wonderful! The icing actually tasty, not just plain fat. We had salmon sandwich which was dressed with fresh greens and herbs, taste great! Next will try soup in a bread bowl. Staff is very helpful and friendly.Gahdamn gahdamn gahdamn. This place has the most incredible cakes. I had the coconut cake last time, and it was perfect. Moist, sweet, great frosting and perfect distribution of flavors. Slices are huge but you're gonna want that much cake. They also serve to-go cups of delicious breakfast. I recommend the yogurt and granola cup- I don't know what kind of Greek yogurt they use, but it's amazing and unique. It's tangy, sweet but somehow light and fluffy? Who knows. Bywater Bakery rocks. 
They also serve Coast Roast coffee, which in my opinion, has the most flavorful iced coffee in the city. Great place with great service and great decor.There is a house in New Orleans they call Bywater Bakery and it's been the ruin of many a poor diet ( I know I'm one). 
This place is a great addition to the Bywater food scene and that bold red makes as much of a statement as their delicious food.
Opened 7am-5pm they are great for breakfast, brunch and lunch as well as take out with those amazing Grits cups. The pastries are delicious the coffee cake and berry muffin make a tasty morning treat.
Now the open face sandwiches steal the show! So far I've had the Egg Salad one and it was a wonderful mustardy, garlicky, egg filled extravaganza that will more that leave you satisfied.
Please note that the kitchen closes at three but they have plenty of grab and go meals in their fridges.
I will definitely be back for more of their friendly hospitality and a proper sit down meal!Small neighborhood bakery offering top notch pastries, quiches, hand pies, cakes, breads, salads, etc. I had a shrimp quiche and it was really good. 
This place is bringing great food to a local neighborhood and a great place to chill out with friends over coffee. 
They have a piano in the middle of the space. I can see a lot of fun happening here.Had to take some photos in the Ninth Ward this morning and then went looking for a quick breakfast. This place is quiet and tucked in a sweet little corner among cheery shotgun houses but the ambiance is nothing compared to the food. The coffee is delicious and a great counterpart to the fantastic food.
We had the western egg in a hole and the sausage biscuit egg and gravy geaux cup. Outstanding. 
Get out of the quarter and try it. So worth the trip.Love love love! Just went there for the first time today. Ordered a Raspberry Chiffon cake for my co-worker's birthday. Beautiful and delicious! Also grabbed a cold brew coffee for the trip back. Ambience is super cute, they have a polite staff. I look forward to returning and recommending it to everyone I know. Docked one star because my cake wasn't ready at the specified pick-up time and I ended up waiting 30 min. Other than that - perfection!Just not that impressed. I've seen so many comments saying this is the place. Their grab and go pastries look old so I've not tried them. I had some petit fours that were good but not grand. The cakes look beautiful but I'm not into the flavors. I just want a chocolate buttercream or a red velvet. However, I wrote this review based on the the go cup. I ordered a shrimp and grits go cup. It's salty... I mean soooo salty. It's almost impossible to eat it is so salty. It's greasy... sooo much grease in the bottom when I went to mix the salt into the plain grits. 
I love shrimp and grits and I won't be back for this one.I have been here a few times, I enjoyed the crawfish corn maque choux and grits cup enormously, the strawberry chocolate cake is divine, and the other cakes look fabulous, I simply have not yet tried them. The Patton's hot sausage, egg biscuit and gravy cup was disappointing though, the biscuit so dry to have almost a hard merengue texture. We will be back for more cakes and crawfish cups for sure!It's a little pricey, but worth it. Recommend the shrimp and grits, quiche and lunch combo dealThe pastry chef is amazing, whoever they are. Everything else falls short. 
The menu seems interesting but the execution is never as good as the idea. Flavors don't meld. Food comes cold. I've had 4 meals here (we live a block away) and every time I'm disappointed.  And the service is always scattered. 
But I've held out hope because it's close to home. Until today. They have an upright piano in the middle of the space that always has keys exposed and antique toys on top. It's inviting. My sons likes to peck on it. Today they told me he couldn't because "it's a nice piano and the owner only wants certain people playing it."  Ok, then why is no one ever playing it?
I already had the sense that this business is more a vanity project for someone than a neighborhood institution in the making (like Cake Cafe is). Between not improving their service or food and not being kind about kids, we're done trying to support this place just because it's closeSo good! All around excellent! Everyone who works there is so nice, and the Wake and Bake special is the perfect way to start the day!OMG, I was so hungry. I ordered something  biscuits and gravy and eggs...... and. it. is. SO.  GOOD!!!! I mean YUM! Making my mouth salivate and my tastebuds tingle GOOD!The food is good but the portions are tiny, we were still hungry after a breakfast dish and a pastrie.Came here for breakfast and had a a-ok experience. Ordered one of the cups, and didn't realize they would just hand you a cup of omelette with nothing else. Had to go up to the counter several times to ask for toast and butter and etc. 
However, the toast was wonderful so later that day, we went back for a loaf of bread and got some pastries too. 
The pastries were to die for. Without them, they would have gotten a far lower rating. The bread was also delicious. 
I really wish they would fix their menu just a little bit, and warm up their service because their bake goods are amazing.I stumbled across this little neighborhood gem on a morning walk, grabbed Yelper Daughter and headed back there for their breakfast GoCups. I chose the crawfish macque choux grits and YD got sausage, biscuits and gravy. Both were excellent, especially the biscuits and gravy. While they don't seem to do fancy-schmancy coffee drinks, I was delighted with their black drip coffee. They also do salads and sandwiches, which I presume are made on their own bread, since there were loaves for sale on the counter. And then there's that bakery case-oh, my goodness! Such beautiful creations, almost too pretty to eat. They were giving out samples of chocolate cake, which were delicious.
I love the vibe of the place; it's obviously popular with the neighborhood, and the staff is warm and friendly. There's art and photos for sale on the walls, and a piano that one of the patrons made good use of while we were there; I was hoping the guy with the trombone case would jump in, but that might have been a little much...The BEST piece of cake that has ever entered my mouth (berry Chantilly)! Bywater Bakery is a must try! The vibe is artsy and authentic! Live music! I will surely be back!Jazz was very kind and informative. She took time to tour guide the desserts .  The Lemon and Chantilly was so good . However , the Butter Pecan was our favorite. Someone Please call 911 . I have a dessert alert !!!!!!WOW! We got the quiche, sausage gravy go cup, and banana pudding something or another that comes in a clear jar and YOU MUST TRY IT! It was so delicious!The service was terrible, the cashier was very rude and the entire staff is an unorganized mess.  One person in my group had to cancel her order after waiting for food that never could be produced. The majority of the products that I tried were very good. Hope they work out the kinks.Best location! Great vibe! great value for prices!! Cakes and sandwiches are amazing!! Healthy food with a little side of cheat!!Are you kidding me? This place is off the chain. Too bad I can't stay in the AirBnB next door anymore because my friends forgot to lock the door when they left. But anyway, I would eat breakfast-go cups every single day if I lived near this bakery. The fact that you can slug breakfast out of a styrofoam cup while basking in the sun outside is a testament to what a fine state Louisiana is. I had both the egg and cheese combo, and the shrimp and grits combo. The latter is more of a lunch, to be fair - but it still goes with coffee. By the way, the cold brew coffee is a can't miss if you, like me, are hooked on the big brown. Ok. Keep doing you, Bywater Bakery. Only recommendation: more juice options.My mom got a coconut chantilly cake for my dads birthday recently and it was absolutely decadent!!  Fantastic!!!  Highly recommend them!!Great place the best in my view the food is heaven sent.I think its time the have the option to put your breakfast on a plate. I have heard a few people say that.Try the BBQ shrimp quiche!
Friendly folks, and delicious food! Truly felt welcome here.I was searching high and low for Ms. Linda Green's ya-ka-mein and I finally found it!! So good after a night of drinking! 5 stars for ya-ka-mei!!!Great little breakfast spot, very relaxed atmosphere and wonderful morning pastries.Their king cakes (during the season and now for July 4th) are the best! And their other pastries are wonderful too. I usually eat lunch at home, but I've gotten their curried chicken salad, and it's delicious. The room is simple and appealing, a pleasant place to pass the time, and Chaya Conrad, the owner/baker, is just the nicest person.So grateful to have this amazing spot a few blocks away!! The food is out of this world, the space is beautiful, and Chaya (chef/owner/founder) is a force to be reckoned with, so creative, friendly, and committed to this fabulous culinary project. 
You'd never think of a bakery having a great healthy selection but the salads are dynamite, perfect for the post-Mardi Gras period and its a lovely place to hunker down for a little while and get some work done, read, catch up with an old friend or a new friend. A million stars!Go try the geaux cups! Best grits ever :) cheese, egg & grits. yum! Try their bread too.Ok, other New Orleans king cake bakers, be afraid. Be very afraid! Hands down, everyone in the house declared this is the best king cake ever!  We stopped in to check out the new bakery on the block. We did not know they were only in soft opening stage and that they only had king cake. We wanted pastries and sweets - not really looking for king cake, but decided to give it a try. Let me tell you, the strawberry, creole cream cheese is out of sight! I want to go cut another slice just writing about it. Go get your king cake this season at Bywater bakery!!Perfect little cafe for a lazy morning start.  Coffee menu is limited but several excellent food options both bakery and lunch salads.This review is two parts and both were equally amazing. My wife wanted to make my birthday cake double as a gender reveal for our upcoming new baby. The folks at Bywater Bakery were so incredibly dear over the phone and made her feel very confident that she would get exactly what she wanted. I dropped off the envelope and picked up the cake and both times, they literally could not have been nicer. Wished me happy birthday, congratulations, and generally made me feel so so good about supporting their amazing business. 
Now on to the cake... So effing good. This isn't the first cake we've gotten from Bywater and they always knock it out of the park. White buttercream frosting, coconut flakes and sprinkles to hide a lovely blue cake with chantilly filling. It is DELICIOUS. 
Thanks so much to this wonderful business and their king cake is spectacular too!Great coffee...AMAZING king cake...ok kolaches and deviled eggs. I really like this little neighborhood spot, everyone should give it ago. Adorable inside, awesome decor, and SUPER affordable. The only thing I'm not a fan of (after two visits was the service; just not friendly). I love everything here that is sweet, other stuff is good, not great. Chicken salad "sandwich" was good but not really a sandwich (not served ON bread or roti). Miss Linda's ya-ka-mien is always a win. The turkey sandwich was good (again, not great). Cakes are gorgeous, but I haven't tried them yet-I'll keep coming back for the baked good and coast roast coffee (despite the unfriendly girl at the counter).The thing that irritates me with all these new mostly self-service restaurants is that they put the tip amount on EVERYTHING like you are getting your  table waited on by an actual waiter. Bywater Bakery puts the tip option on to TIP THE CASHIER, but you can't tip less than 15 percent, despite the fact that you will be serving yourself coffee, getting your own pastry and silverware, and busing your own table. I get so sick of this. You know you aren't paying the owner/barista $2.13 an hour, and no, you don't deserve a 15 percent tip for ringing us up at the register. I guess next time I will put no tip. I got the breakfast cup today--meh, with the cheapest of plastic spoons and the paper cup with cold gravy. My friend fared better with the crawfish breakfast cup, but as soon as they realized they mistakenly left a sign up advertising a biscuit as part of the crawfish special, they took it off the wall, so no one else would bother to ask for a biscuit. Also three dollar coffee with no refills. Did I mention you serve yourself? Meh.Update: Ordered a berry chantilly cake for my boyfriend's birthday and it was also amazing. Everyone wanted to know where it came from. 
Previous review: Only had the king cakes, but highly recommend. They definitely know what they're doing in there.There are three things that have to be satisfied before I leave a positive review here. 
1) Customer service: the business has got to be able to think outside of the box and do what ever it takes to make my plans a success in turn makes me look good.  Bywater Bakerey did this and delivered way over expectaions!!
2) A positive attitude: every point of contact at the business has got to be friendly. Everyone I spoke to were super positive and listened to my needs and offered solutions.  
3) The quality test: the flourless chocolate cake was the best I have ever had!!  
Aside from these three areas the background of the Bakerey is really cool too. I can't stress enough at how this Bakerey pulled through for me with great service, positive attitude and amazing product!!
Thank you again for making this special occasion that much better!!After hitting all the tourist places 
Got off the beaten path
Found this place by chance
Amazing!!!
Muffuletta 
1st Time I've had this 
It is amazing here 
Don't missI ordered last minute call from out of twn from Los Angeles, with a rush order speciality cake to be delivered to my fiancé in NO. Not only did Chaya make it happen effortlessly but also sent pics of the sample get of the cake to confirm order and they delivered it without problems my fiancé love the cake it was delicious it looked amazing Bayou bakery is one of a kindWish I could do a separate review for their king cake & their regular services.
The king cakes I've purchased from here have been amazing!  However, when I ventured back for breakfast one day, the service was slow (& a little grumpy). I would've been more okay with waiting for a long time if the food was more complicated.  Seems like it would be great if you could eat the omelette cups as a to-go item, but I can't see myself stopping in for a quick grab & go meal & waiting 15-20 minutes for it.
I will try again soon & hope for the best.I'm trying to eat fewer carbs, so I came here and ATE AN ENTIRE STUFFED BREAD AND HAND PIE for breakfast. I couldn't help it. The bread is stuffed with roasted cauliflower and it's crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside, super flavorful, and life changing when it's fresh from the oven. The hand pie flavor and pastry texture were also divine. I wish I'd have been here on a Monday so I could try their Thai food pop up dinner. It looks amazing. Get these carbs!A new place in the Bywater and its on my favorite place for breakfast in that part of town. They have these breakfast in a cup that are delicious and not as fast food like as it sounds, (the egg, bacon, cheese and grits is my favorite). They also make sandwiches and they make the bread thy use in them! Good pastry but not a big range and lots of alternative choices. If you're in this part of the Bywater its a great option. Seasonally their king cakes are some of the best!Best king cake I ever had. At Sunday brunch they had some very pleasant live music. Sandwiches are great. Good place.I ordered last minute call from out of twn from Los Angeles, with a rush order speciality cake to be delivered to my fiancé in NO. Not only did Chaya make it happen effortlessly but also sent pics of the sample of the cake to confirm order and they delivered it without problems my fiancé love the cake it was delicious it looked amazing bayou bakery is one of a kind!We bought a Chantilly King Cake. All I can say is WOW!!! Excellent flavor , pretty much a perfect King Cake. Born and raised here and this by far has been the best king cake we have ever eaten. Great job!!!!Our airbnb host, local photographer Chris West, walked us around to this funky local bakery on our first day in NOLA. It was also their first day opening. 
Chaya is famous for her king cakes and they did not disappoint! We even tried the special pulled pork on king cake! If you know what a king cake is this may sound ridiculous but it was a taste sensation. We then came back two more times for their quirky breakfasts 'in a cup' - delicious selections like egg, bacon, grits and cheese; egg, sausage-biscuit with red-eyed gravy. Both divine. We also got to sample the more traditional king cake during Mardi Gras from here and it is DIVINE. 
For coffee lovers, and I mean real Australian style strong espresso based coffee, the bakery did a good job at fulfilling my desire for a strong flat white. 
Highly recommend if you are around the awesome Bywater or Marigny areas.The coconut cream wedding cake is the bomb. Also the sweet potato pie is awesome. The chantily cake is ok...I prefer strawberries more than raspberry. If you love more of raspberry and blue berries it's a winner! All of the cakes are fresh. Very friendly staff!! I will return!!I am in love with Bywater Bakery! I just came home to visit after too long away, and had planned to check out what all the fuss was about.  Well, of the 6 days I was in New Orleans, I had 3 breakfasts, 1 lunch, and loaf of seedy and  fortifying bread, and about a dozen treats!  And I was staying across town - this was worth the trek.  I tried the shrimp and grits go-cup, the grits and grillades go-cup, and the boudin hash and eggs go-cup.  They all shone in their own ways - the shrimp was fresh and tangy, the grillades were meaty and tender, and the hash, edging out the others by a slim margin, was rich, salty, and perfectly seasoned.  Each morning, my breakfasts were accompanied by some strong and flavorful coffee. The prices are great for the quality of ingredients and care in their creation. $6 for fresh and hot breakfast is hard to beat.  i love their go-cup fresh and fast food idea, but it's funny - the last thing I wanted to do was go!  The atmosphere is friendly, inviting, and very "neighborhood," someone even hopped on the piano for a brief and lovely classical interlude.  My lunch included black-eyed peas fritter on toasty bread dressed with fresh and quirky veggies, with a side of chick pea salad.  Perfect combo!  I also sampled their snacks - the Cajun sandies were my favorite - crumbly, moist, sweet.  I am never in New Orleans long enough or often enough, but I know that my next visit will start at Bywater Bakery.Fabulous, enough said.  Great atmosphere, nice people, great jambalaya.  I will be returning (often) to sample more items.Omg! This place was awesome!the muffuletta, was a revelation! We are from L.A. I will be dreaming of this till I'm back in NOLA.I need a cake for tomorrow evening and called everywhere ....either closed, no answer, or booked. Found this place on yelp with great ratings and took a chance. Claudia took my order and was so gracious, polite, patient, and helpful. After my cake order, I jokingly asked if they could provide a fruit tray and she said yes!!  This place is a gem and my go-to supplier forever!Heady, great coffee, free refills....variety of baked Goods....bagels Wednesday....quiche was delicious and it's a fun word to say as well.....I've had a couple of varieties of quiche and once I ate it late night after smoking some Gsc, Which is Durban poison heritage.....so I was highly baked and the cheese pie heated up well: oooey gooey! Oh hetI never write reviews because this platform is mostly just for A-holes who feel entitled to complain. Just want to say I love this neighborhood coffee shop. Everyone who works here is so plesent and wonderful. Thank you guys for being awesome and keeping me cafinated!One of my fave NOLA eateries.  Great warm and friendly vibe.  Really fabulous price conscious food, actual nutritious good quality ingredients, and the desserts are omg good. Oh, the cake!  And the music, and did I mention the people?  Love love love!Bywater Bakery is NOT to be trusted.
The management is unorganized and confused- from week 1 to nearly 2 months after opening.
More importantly, the prepared food is 24-48 hours old. Yes, chicken salad and other dairy foods that have a glaze on them from age and/or poor storage, even when staff purport otherwise. It is simply false.  I ordered the above and soon felt ill. 
I met another couple the same day at the anniversary party for a restaurant. They have been food purveyors for restaurants in NOLA for over 20 years. They observed the same: day/s old food that did not look safe to eat- none of it. However, they made the right choice and left. 
if you are a tourist and looking for king cake, that's one thing. 
If you are looking for safe edible food that isn't overpriced, look elsewhere. Shake Sugary is always fresh and safe.Hands down one of the best bakeries in NOLA. I recently spent a month in NOLA for work and ate many, many king cakes. Bywater Bakery's chantilly king cake is head and shoulders above almost all of them. And their savory king cakes? Shut the front door. They're delicious. The crawfish king cake is scrumptious but for my money, I'd go with their boudin king cake. It's rich, creamy, super flavorful and way better than another nearby bakery that also touts a boudin king cake (won't name names). Not to mention, the people who work there are lovely. Go, right now!Everything here is seriously off the hook amazingly good! 
I really am not crazy about pastries but Bywater's stuff is so skillfully prepared I love things I usually wouldn't eat. 
Try the hand pies and lemon chantilly cake. 
Tip: If you see something you want just order it! Things sell out faster than you can say: Where the heck did that ___ go? 
Coffee is great too! Hands down THE best pastries ANYWHERE in NOLA!The staff was rude and there was hair in my food. Our table was also very sticky. Our hands and napkins stuck to it though someone tried to wipe it down before we sat down. Disappointing.Super sweet experience here ;) I went here on a mission for king cake cheesecake, unfortunately they ran out of boxes so they couldn't sell me one. I was thinking I would just come back the next day. As I was leaving a gentleman asked me why I was leaving empty handed. I explained the situation with the box. He said if I didn't mind waiting a few minutes he would make something happen. I was so happy I received my cheesecake king cake and I bought another carnival for a friend. Went from empty handed to 2 king cakes. Very happy with the customer service and of course the best tasting king cake in town!!!!!This is a gem of a place in the middle of the Bywater community. Along with the bakery products that they are known for (especially their king cake which is amazing), they also have really great breakfast go cups!  Say hello to the owner Alton he is a great guy.Cold Brew coffee is $3.40, but at Satsuma Cafe 2 blocks away it's under $3. Plus, Satsuma has amazing food and all their pastries are homemade onsite.My son's wedding was 4/20/2019 
Easter weekend.  You people Knocked out the park!  On such short notice for a holiday weekend. THANK YOU THANK YOU for making Blake and Jesse Worrells ' 
Wedding so special!!!I have eaten a lot of great food since moving here on September, including here. I have to say the Croque Madame is among the top 3 all-time. The bread itself is a savory joy.The king cake never had a chance. I was pretty successful in not embarrassing myself by not inhaling it. 
It was moist flavorful and DELICIOUS! 
We had the strawberry cream cheese and can't wait for the Chantilly, which is cream and berry filled cake.  
I'll be back!!Bywater Bakery was only a couple of blocks from where we were staying so it was suuuuuper convenient.  I enjoyed waking up in the morning and walking there to grab breakfast.  
The first trip there, I was debating between the bacon, egg and cheese grits or shrimp and grits Go Cup.  I decided to start off with the bacon egg and cheese grits.  And as simple as it could be, it was good.  No salt needed, extra cheesy.  
My second trip there, I had the shrimp and grits on my mind, but they didn't have it!  So I ordered the bacon, egg and cheese grits again.  Someone different must've made my order this time because it was not as good as the first cup I had.  It was mostly filled with grits and topped with egg, cheese and bacon.  
I also tried the bourdin and crawfish pastille.  Surprisingly both were very good.  The Chantilly cream cake - yummy!!!!!  So light and moist - a must try!  
My one regret is not getting a King Cake from the bakery.  Really wish I had tried one from there.​
​​Bywater Bakery is superb!!!! Besides the enticing array of all those gorgeous cakes and pastry offerings on display, they also serve luscious breakfast and lunch options. The walls have interesting changing art sightings created by local artists and there is a piano ​(plus pianists performing no cover shows Saturdays and Sundays at 11am)​ that divides the counter and display case area from the retro style eating area. This cool laid-back eatery also seems to be more like a community gathering place where even the customers are just as friendly as all the lovely people working there. I was enchanted with my first breakfast stop because 3 different piano players took turns entertained us!! .... and then there is the fabulous food!!! Besides what's ​listed ​on the menu boards displayed on the walls, there are many inviting choices in the $3 pastry case filled with savory and sweet choices in a case on the side wall that I almost missed as I was so mesmerized with the abundant alluring offering in the main cases by the counter.​ ​
I relished a savory pastry topped with a sunny side up egg and an incredible light flaky fennel seed shoe sole for only $6 total on my first breakfast stop ... Yumm!!! My friend ordered one of their $6 Breakfast "Geaux" Cups filled with hot sausage, an egg with a biscuit and gravy. Then she had a luscious velvety piece of cake. 
Several friends were there so I had a taste of yummy grits and shrimp (one of the Geaux Cup options). Her friend had already had a large breakfast so she ordered the pastry and coffee $5 special. Since I had already had breakfast, I ordered a fruit salad to share​ at that table​. It was so fresh and lavish that I ordered a pint to take home plus a pint of curry chicken salad to go.  It was s​u​ch a delight to discover such a homey friendly place serving gorgeous and delicious food.
Everything's Fresh at Bywater Bakery 
Simple food. made with love for * Breakfast Joy *  Lunch Happiness and * Cake Love *  
​
​Bywater Bakery 
3624 Dauphine St., Bywater New Orleans
504-336-3336 
www.bywaterbakery.comStopped in for carry-out breakfast. What a charming place! Piano player, friendly people. I had the "geaux cup" with crawfish etouffee and scrambled eggs over grits... delicious. And a slice of caramel king cake that was to die for.It's my birthday. During a 5.4 mile walk to equal my new age, I stopped here for a slice of "birthday" cake and some coffee. Very friendly service, a slice of the highly recommended delicious chantilly cake, and a nice chat about the neighborhood with the owner made for a happy celebration.Awesome little neighborhood bakery in Bywater!  Busy (which is usually a good sign) when we arrived on a sat morning, but quick service.  Cappuccinos were very good, And the pasties tasty!  The fresh bread looked and smelled amazing.  And Wednesday are bagel day!Unfortunately I was disappointed in my visit to Bywater Bakery. I had been really looking forward to going because I always see the amazing things this little bakery produces and it all looks great. On my visit I ordered a cold brew coffee and a petit four. This was the absolute worst cold brew coffee I have ever had. I had to throw it away which I hated to do because it was not cheap. The petit four was pretty good, and I was happy about that. By no means am I saying don't go here or don't try it.  I honestly think I just had a bad experience all around from the service to the coffee. Bad timing I guess. The cakes and goodies all look really good and if they taste anything like the petit four I had then they must taste good. I know people love this place and I heard with my own ears while I was there people were saying how good everything was. Maybe next time I'll have a better experience. I'll give it another try.Yum! Yum! Yum! I have thoroughly enjoyed my visits to this lovely bakery. The cakes are light and moist and not overly sweet. If you get there early enough, you can buy a slice of 5 or 6 flavors like doberge, lemon chantilly, butter pecan, coconutor chocolate strawberry chantilly. I haven't tried all of them but so far lemon is my favorite. The croissants are buttery and flakey and the coffee is good. Next time I will have to try the savory options.My friends ordered quiche and it was liquid with only the very outer layer of the crust having any flake to it. When they tried to get it baked or swapped for something else they were told the quiche was done and no accommodation would be made. 
It's not uncommon for there to be issues in cafe's but a little grace goes a long way.I come here every time I visit New Orleans!  The food and service do not disappoint at all.  I enjoy the selection of food!  I will be back!!!
I meet an owner the fall before they opened and I have been coming for three years.The bread is very good, the baked goods are a little above average. But, eating a meal here.....not so good. Kind of like Cake Cafe and Toast teamed up to make a pre-fab fast food place without reducing prices. Reheated egg sandwiches? Really? The ambience is totally forced millennial with no true charm. I'll stick to Cake, Toast, Tartine, etc.