Great atmosphere. Quality foods and interesting twists on brunch favorites. Try the Eggs Blackstone, a different take on Eggs Benedict. The grilled tomato has wonderful flavor.Food was typical breakfast food. Nothing that stood out. Service wasn't good. As soon as I arrived I asked if they had crackers because I'm pregnant and don't feel good and a server said I don't know I'll check but she never checked nor did she even inform me. She ended up being our server. She had no idea what she was doing. My food came out cold. I ordered my eggs basted and they came out over easy and cold but the potatoes were good. My husband ordered the combination. The sausage tasted like some Walmart quality meat and the pancakes had a thick and gritty texture but his scrambled eggs were made good enough. We were disappointed. We had high expectations and Navarre Cafe did not deliver.We loveI love this neighborhood gem a short walk from my girlfriend's house. The pizza and sandwiches are excellent. I would try the Cobb if they did't use cheddar (as I love  good Cobb but really, blue cheese, please)  We usually split a Ceaser with avocado and one of their excellent pizzas  The evening service is prompt and cheerful, and they have more than once unchained a table for us if we arrived late on a slow night and wanted to sit outside.  The turkey and roast beef debris po-boy is excellent and I have to stretch out and try their other sandwiches based on that. Everything we've tried so far  is excellent, so I doubt I could go wrong. Brunch was good, but the hollandaise is much too light on the lemon juice for either of our tastes. Still, my omelette was huge and excellent with a first rate biscuit.  If you're in Lakeview or Cemeteries and hungry, this is certainly your best choice.In searching for a new dog friendly brunch place I stumbled upon Cafe Navarre, a nice walk from Mid City via City Park. There's plenty of outdoor seating, so no worrying about getting there and having to wait outside with your dog. The prices are great and so is the food! Standard brunch meal. I got a big veggie omelet with grits and a biscuit and my man got the Eggs Blackstone...since he's got to have his bacon. All around a yummy and filling brunch. Gave us the fuel we needed to make the walk back home :)The catfish po' boy was excellent! The service was friendly and quick as well as the price being easy on the pocketbook.First, Cafe Navarre actually has two sides. 1. typical new orleans breakfast/lunch poboy shop, and 2. Pizza place for dinner. I'll start with the daytime part of this restaurant. I want this place to be so much better than it is. I live 2.5 blocks from CN and it is inconsistent and the quality of the food is so-so. For breakfast there is nothing notable and if you get a Benedict then the hollandaise sauce looks and taste like it was made from a powder not fresh in house. Also, poached eggs have a 50/50 shot of being overcooked. I tell myself every time I eat here I'm not coming back but keep wanting it to be better. The lunch items are decent but nothing to cross town for. That said, their dinner time pizza restaurant puts out some of the best pies in town. The crust is thin but not like a cracker. Just right IMO. They have good toppings and clearly a great pizza oven that cooks them perfectly. I highly recommend their pizza, and unfortunately it seems like no one knows about it because the place often looks dead at night. 2 Stars for the daytime and 4-5 Stars at night for pizza Equals 3 Stars overall.Went to Cafe Navarre with my grandfather and sister as the three of us always have brunch on Thursdays! The neighborhood and atmosphere was pretty awesome. We chose a table outside on the patio and this particular day, the weather was so lovely! It's noted that Breakfast is from open -11am and lunch starts at 11am- close. At 10:30am My grandfather and I ordered breakfast while my sister ordered from the lunch menu which I thought was great because most places don't allow you to order lunch unless it's... lunch! We ordered the omelet which was extra fluffy and cooked perfect, my sister had the pesto panini that came with lays (house made chips would have been game changer, I'm not a fan of bagged chips at cafes and restaurants) It's a pretty cool neighborhood spot and will be back soon to try the Cuban sandwich perhaps they can substitute the bagged chips!Awesome little neighborhood cafe. Quick friendly service. I've only had breakfast and it was very good, not overly greasy. Highly recommended if you don't want to wait an hour for a table somewhere else in the city.Horrible service. We arrived and was seated immediately. Ordered tea and waitress said she would return to take our order. Well,we just sat there for what seemed like an eternity. Other patrons received their food and we were just passed over. We decided to leave, but not after leaving the cost of our tea on the table. Upon leaving our "waitress"thanked us for coming. I just could not resist politely informing her that it would have been nice if someone had come to take our order. And she replied sorry. Well, I guess you know we will never return. BTW, the food is usually very tasty.Food was alright. Waiter did try to give some good selections on the food. They did get my order wrong but when I did ask for medium burger the burger was medium.
The waiter did take a while to check in on you and I had to get up multiple times to ask for something and let them know that my check was ready. I also felt a little rushed towards the end of my meal when there wasn't really anyone there.This is the type of place that sets New Orleans apart from other cities.  Friendly service and great food in an off the beaten path location.  A real hidden gem with great breakfast and the best Cuban sandwich in the city.Wanted to try something new. Saw that Cafe Navarre had decent reviews and decided to give it the chance. Ordered pancakes and the Chicken pesto panini. The food was ho hum. There wasn't much flavor in the food given that you are in N.O. Overall there are so many better options of cafes to go to in Nola.We needed a place we could bring our dog, and Yelp told us to go here. Awesome decision. Everyone was nice, the patio was covered. I had the Dirty Bird poboy with roast beef debris, sliced turkey and Swiss cheese. It was really good. My girlfriend got a breakfast platter but gave me some bacon. I added bacon to the sandwich and it made it even better. There were plenty other things I want to go back and try.Stopped by for lunch on a weekday.  Place wasn't too crowded and service was prompt.  The food was good, but not anything special in city with a ton of lunch options. Would definitely go back for brunch but that would probably be it.Very nice, delicious restaurant.  Loved the outside tables and service was the best! I ordered the shrimp/catfish plate with sweet potato fries and caesar salad and everything was extremely delicious.  Our server was very helpful and sweet. I recommend this place and would love to come back soon!Awesome breakfast place! They have a beautiful outdoor patio. The breakfast was super delicious. I would definitely recommend the potatoes! Easily the best I've ever had.Stumbled on this place and it is legit, the best breakfast I've eaten. The service is great, the Irish coffees are great. I will be coming back here tomorrow.Not wild about the daytime food but the pizza is awesome at night (except they're closed Tuesday.)Great Café is you are taking a course or seminar at Delgado. It is within walking district of the campus. Great breakfast items, such as omelets and eggs benedict - also a wide selection of sandwiches. You can eat outside on the covered patio or indoors. Prices are reasonable which is to be expected of any café near a university. Portions were large and service was very good.This is a very cute, neighborhood cafe. I had the most delicious catfish po-boy there. They dress it seriously, with lettuce, pickles, mayo, tomatoes, and ketchup. I was a pretty busy Friday lunch hour but the food was coming out apace, much to their credit.
I see that they have alcoholic beverages and are now open for dinner. I have to check their hours and maybe stop by after work. 
Anyway, I'll undoubtedly be back. Friendly service, delicious food, and reasonable prices in a charming location.Navarre has one of the best Roastbeef sandwiches in the city.  Place is kinda hidden and doesn't get a lot of press but its great for affordable breakfast and sandwiches.  Service is normally top notch and parking is very easy to find around the neighborhood.Perfect place for brunch!! The mimosas were wonderful and the food was delicious! The whole family enjoyed everything ordered and the outside patio is perfect!This joint gets plenty of bad press, but I took a gamble anyway. Hey, it was only sweet potato fries, right? Too hot and too busy to cook, I caved in to a craving for SPF. I called in my order, hopped in my car and drove the short distance I would normally walk or ride my bike to retrieve my tawdry treat. As promised, they were bagged and ready when I arrived. The young lady at the counter was very sweet and polite. The AC was busted (isn't it always at this place?) so I took mercy on the poor soul in the kitchen. The SPF were sodden and not crisp but fries rarely are as they are not truly French fried, and two-step cooking technique, but I have no complaints. My belly is full, I spent less than $5 (I got a sweet tea) and I didn't break sweat. I need a go-to spot when my own cooking mojo is low and this is the next closet place. Will delve deeper into the menu next time. I can bring my mutt which is a great bargaining chip as CN is between my crib and City Bark. I am not an unhappy customer and will return. Not every meal is a culinary delight. Sometimes you just need to eat.This is a great little neighborhood breakfast & lunch place. Nice staff and pleasant atmosphere, and reasonably priced for some standard fare. My main knock on the place is that the home fries are obviously frozen, pre-processed potatoes, but overall still a good local place.We were staying right down the street from here. So we got to know this place really well as the week wore on. But we didn't mind... because it was a great place to start our mornings off. A cup of coffee out on their patio along with an amazing breakfast. Plenty of room inside to if we wanted to sit inside as well. If you're in the area make sure you stop by here!We loved it!!!  Great atmosphere, great service, great food. We had brunch - omelette, scrambled eggs, etc. Ww really enjoyed our visit. Def be back again. I think it needs to be our new Saturday morning tradition when visiting our daughter in NOLA.Good place, but Will probably not come back. Wanted some good food on a budget and saw this place was nearby... 4 stars and 1 dollar sign. Sounds like my kind of place!!
Its set up in a house and looks like many similar restaurants in style and layout however they run their shop like a deli. You must order at the counter, get your own drink and silverware, and seat yourself and almost everyone was cleaning up their tables and bussing their own dishes after. Then when they call your number you must go get your own food. Kind of annoying but whatever...
Onto the food, its okay. Shrimp was fresh and well prepared and the small spinach salad I got was great!! The fries were not homemade and very forgettable as was the bread on my Shrimp Poboy. Overall the Poboy lacked some depth and flavor. Mostly tasted pickle and mayo. 
Had the prices been lower I would be giving it a much better review but with a small side salad, poboy alacarte fries plus drink and tip it ended up costing me over $20 for a lunch. Shouldn't have tipped to be honest... 
SO, nice place some of their stuff is made with some real TLC and it has a lot of potential. Can see why folks like it but think the rating is just a touch too high and another dollar sign added to reflect their costs.I love the casual neighborhood feel. Love all the food and prices.  Pizza, soups and fries are my favorites!  Ask to be seated in Jay's section.I've frequented this place very little considering I go to church right around the corner. It's a neighborhood environment which gives you that relaxed feel if that is what you are searching for. It's a sandwich/po-boy kind of place with sides ranging from fries, to soups, to salads. It lost two stars for two reasons:
Reason number one is parking. Parking is limited to the surrounding neighborhood since it is a neighborhood establishment. It can be hectic trying to stay within the lines of residents' driveways depending on the type of car you drive. This also limits the amount of cars that get to park very close the restaurant. Weekends hold the busiest times so your best bet is to come on a weekday before kids get out of school and adults get off from work. 
To fix this issue, you don't necessarily have to dine in. There is the option of calling to take out your order. They always answer the phone so if you're a yelper, take a look at their menu and dial the number.
"Lost star" Reason number two is the self serve option. When you eat in the restaurant, you swat yourself and you may have to wait a while to order. It's a chill environment whether inside or outside. If you don't mind waiting, be my guest. If you don't have time to waste, consider ordering take out or ordering before you come. 
Either way, it's affordable good food. P.s. If you like sweet potatoes, try their sweet potato fries.We went once and will not return. After you order and sit ,you will have to get back up to get your food. If they are busy ( who isn't at lunch time) they drop service. They got my Babe's burger order wrong. I had to GET UP to correct the order.  I caught the waitress rolling her eyes  when I asked for a corrections. YES, we had to get up AGAIN to get. He did enjoy it, but fries are extra.    
Their location near Delgado will keep them busy , but the poor service is a mess.I randomly drove pass this place and noticed it was super busy. So, I had to stop by and check it out. And sure enough, this place was an amazing find!! We started with the spinach dip w/ chips which was good, but little did I know the dirty bird poboy was going to steal the show. Imagine a grilled turkey tucked away in a soft fluffy bread, then smothered with roasted pork juice, and topped with a Swiss cheese blanket. There's nothing but love. I would recommend sharing this master piece because the portions are huge. Definitely want to try to cochon next time.These guys are my new go-to place for take out. They are fast, friendly and their food never disappoints. Their breakfast is tasty. I like their cochon  sandwich for lunch. The capricossa pizza is pretty great.Hey! They're now open for dinner! I just had five varieties of gourmet pizza. Delicious! Great music, super place for an intimate date or a family dinner!I had a really great Cuban sandwich, great price and great atmosphere. I will definitely eat here again and again...Gorgeous, quaint little cafe we stopped at after the Crescent City Fall Classic! !!! Wonderful service and very scrumptious food:) Healthy choices and not so healthy...little bit of difference for anything your in the mood for!!! Will definitely return.Excellent breakfast place! My friend is a Lakeview local and comes here often! We sat outside and t was perfect. The food was amazing, the carafe of mimosas were great, the coffee was strong and the service was fantastic! Will go back next time I'm in town.Great neighborhood place, good diverse menu. We will go for breakfast again since it is close to where we liveEven though they were busy, the food came quickly. The roast beef sandwich was amazing and what I expected. We all enjoyed our food and service.It's nothing fancy, but Cafe Navarre offers affordable, good food. They have a few different kinds of Benedicts for breakfast - the spinach and artichoke was really good! And their sandwiches and salads are fresh & tasty. A great spot for a weekday lunch or weekend breakfast!The roast beef sandwich is OUTSTANDING!!!
The Spinach/ Artichoke panini was yummy as well.
The hostess was very pleasant and we got seated pretty quickly even on a busy Race Sunday. 
This place totally gets a thumbs up!!!I've always loved this place because the people who own it are super nice. They're usually working behind the counter whenever I'm here, and have always been extremely friendly and helpful. These are my favorite kind of small businesses to support. Yelp Local!
The first time I stopped in, I was surprised how big and cute it was on the inside. This is one of those places I'd passed by a million times before I finally ate there, which gives you long enough to imagine (in this case, incorrectly) what it's like. 
They're only open until 3pm, so it's a good place for breakfast and lunch. They serve lunch all day (that is, for as long as they're open), so I love going here for post-noon breakfast (not that I sleep that late or anything...) 
Recently, I discovered they have an A.M. Po-Boy, which I've eaten three times in the last week. I have a thing for breakfast po-boys. Who knew egg and cheese on french bread would be so delicious?Great location with outside seating. Went for lunch. The order process/register is in an awkward spot, basically blocking the front door of any line exists. Had a burger and fries with a group of four. My burger was good and the order came out fairly quickly. Everything else's orders looked good as well. Nothing amazing but much better than any chain at a similar price. Good value.We both got eggs benedict.  they have 4 different kinds.  she got spinach artichoke and i got turkey avacado.  she got grits and i got has browns.  the sides were obviously from a bag.  not bad but not something to get excited for.  the eggs benedict were pretty good.  well made.  tastey.
overall it was a fine place.  good coffee, good service, good food.  nothing exciting but if you are in the area and need food, i would go.  i would go there for lunch too cuz their sandwitches looked good.Every time I eat here I am so impressed! Today my boyfriend and I splint the margarita pizza and we where impressed once again! If you're looking for a good margarita, Cafe Navarre's is much patter than Pizza Delicious, and rivals Pizza Dominica for sure! the waitresses are always super sweet, and the outdoor seating is perfect this time of year! Definitely would recommend.Obviously very popular with locals, the place was packed Sunday morning.  Interesting selection of egg dishes and several pancake breakfasts.  My California omelet was great and folks all around we're eating with obvious pleasure.  Very friendly wait staff, very attentive, too.  A great find not far from City Park.The food is bland but good and I don't mind adding my own seasoning. What I'm uncomfortable with is paying(and tipping) for my food before I get it. Oh and the waitress sucks too. Good food and menu though.So good.  Had brunch here super late on a Sunday afternoon.  We ate outside under the patio in the rain.  Server didn't rush us at all.  Such a casual nice dining experience.  And great iced coffee.Having lived less than a block away from this location as a kid when Weaver's Grocery occupied the site, I really wanted to rate Café Navarre with five stars. I cannot. Although my wife and sister thoroughly enjoyed their paninis, I found my hot sausage po-boy lacking in size, sausage, and trimmings. The taste was decent, but the minuscule amount of meat on the sandwich as well as tiny amounts of lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles are simply not excusable. I was disappointed.Recipe for success: Hire 2 old ass cooks that are more concerned with fooling around and playing grabass with each other than doing their job. That way you'll get mediocre food in a very UNtimely fashion. Watch out! Cafe Navarre is going straight to the top!Great place for breakfast!  Mediterranean omelette was outstanding.  Very reasonable price ($42 for 4 people including tip).  Server was very pleasant.What a gem! Found it on Yelp (thank you Yelp!) Super charming (bring your dog!) and simply delicious. If you're an eggs Benedict (or a spinach artichoke dip) person, get the spinach artichoke eggs Benedict.  I really thought it was perfect. The egg was cooked to PERFECTION which is so hard to find. Cheap, charming, and yummy- you can't go wrong for breakfast!i ordered the dirtybird and a cheeseburger poboy to-go one day. the girl said 10-15min. understandable.
i waited a good 10min before leaving home to pick up my sandwiches, and my walk took approximately 3-4mins. once arriving, i waited in line for about 4-5mins. paid and waited for my sandwich. while waiting, several other customers were ordering their sandwiches at the counter. my order was #56. they got to #63 before my sandwich was ready. i waited a total of 35min before receiving my sandwich. 7 people who ordered at the counter after me received their order before me. i was quite disappointed that a togo order would take so long. even considering the cheeseburger poboy, cooked well done, should only take 15mins.
i was upset for the time i waited for the sandwich, but was confident when i ate the sandwich that it would make up for that unusually long wait. i opened my sandwich to find a hotdog sized poboy that was hardly 'dressed'. the sandwich was good, but small for $9.
$9 for a underwhelmingly small sandwich that took 35min to make.
1 star for the flavor
1 star for being close and convenient
-3 stars for the size, price, and the unusually long wait.
being recommended by a friend, i expected so much more.Just came from eating breakfast and finally glad I made it here. The service is great. Everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful. I had the southwest omelet and it was good. Glad I came and will definitely be back.Love their brunch on weekends and roast beef poboy sandwich, mimosas check, bloody mary check, good service check and the best part is that they're right around the corner where I live so I just have to walk. Yayyyy!Super super friendly staff! I told them I'm first time in town and they went the extra mile to recommend me places to check out and restaurants to go.VERY GOOD! brought my wife there after a long night and had a fantastic brunch. The service was great and the homefries even better.  The prices were perfect as well my wife had the pork BBQ bene and she couldn't have been happier.  The atmosphere is great and an all around 4 stars!Found this on Yelp - the reviews were essentially all glowing. However our experience on Saturday, March 18th, was far from that. The highlight of our visit was a hostess who was friendly and welcoming. Our waitress appeared to be completely indifferent towards us. Our food was subpar - it was the Navarre special: eggs scrambled with ham, potatoes, onions and tomatoes. It sounded wonderful - but when the food came out it looked nothing like scrambled eggs. The eggs were almost nonexistent- and what little egg was there - was dry, over cooked and unappealing. The dish was a dark, brownish-reddish mash-up that appeared to be mostly (over-cooked) potatoes, small pieces of ham, onions and tomatoes. It was served with grits that were tasteless themselves but covered with cheddar and jalepenos - that was the best part of the meal - the little bit of cheese and jalepenos on top of the grits. Bad experience all around :(My husband loves the Cuban, and I go for the salads when we visit. Navarre is so convenient; it's definitely a neighborhood joint w a come-as-you-are vibe. You always run into a neighbor here!The Cuban sandwich really was the star of the show even when I ordered it without any cheese-- it still tasted fantastic. A warm and crispy baguette around tender pork hit the spot. 
I came during lunch hour and the waitresses were definitely busy. There's no real check in just keep an eye out for who came in and in  what order. Once seated they were attentive but give you your privacy. I would probably sit on the first floor rather than the second with the stools. They had no real foot rest so my legs were just dangling awkwardly. Good price. Large portions. Now, go to!First impressions are mostly a good indication of what your experiance may be...and this location did not disappoint. The four of us walk in at 11:10 A.M. and are greeted by two less than enthusiastic employees that proceed to tell us "it's counter service so grab a menu and seat yourself"  The about 5 minutes later after looking at the menu, one of us got up to ask about a menu item, we were told..."we stop breakfast service at 11:00" a finite detail left out as we walked in, nor was is posted anywhere obvious. So we left and went down the road, calling first, to another broken egg.Very nice restaurant. I love the terrace there, it is so quiet and peaceful. The place is right next to City Park so it's a good place to stop after hanging out there.
Their menu is really good, I had a "health plate" there and it was very tasty. Ingredients were obviously fresh as well, and the portion was large enough. Finally the entire staff is so friendly, smiling and nice... I'm a fan!I wish the breakfast at this place was good because the location and atmosphere is wonderful. This place is within biking distance of my house and on weekend mornings it is a treat to bike somewhere, sit outside and enjoy a leasurely breakfast. Cafa Navarre isn't bad but the quality is pretty low, think IHOP. If you arent too picky about the taste and enjoy sitting out on a nice patio try it. I might still go agian for lunch but after two disapointing breakfasts I won't be back for more.Great service and even better value for the food.  You will be full after.  Can get crowded for brunch, but the wait usually isn't long.  Prices are very fair, and the quality is super for the price you pay.Another local find that turned out to be a true gem! We stopped by after a full day of softball play in City Park, which is very close. I had the Cuban Sandwich, which was absolutely delicious. My husband had the Turkey/Avocado Sandwich and he loved it. The staff is very friendly and the place is really cool. If you are close to City Park -- try it out - you will not be disappointed.Not bad. Not amazing. Great little lakeview spot for a quick brunch. Nothing bad to say at all but really nothing great to say. I'm sure I'll go back but not my first choice for neighborhood atmosphere brunch.The atmosphere is eclectic and interesting. We went out of our way on a cross country trip to eat here, and were glad we did! I recommend the Cuban.Checked this place out last week for an early dinner.  Just moved a few blocks away.  LOVED the mushroom and onion pizza.  The staff was friendly and we will definitely be back for the pizza!A great place for lunch & breakfast.  Sandwhiches like turkey& avocado hit the spot.  Their fries are the skinny kind as well&  salted just perfect.  Also good breakfasts.This was our 1st time at Cafe Navarre, but it certainly won't be our last! I had their Cuban sandwich, which was fantastic. They roast their pork in house & I had to ask about the French bread. They use Leidenheimer bread. Perfectly crisp on the outside & soft on the inside. It is so much better than the Cuban at Jazz Fest (#SorryBoutIt Canseco's) that we talked to the owner about vending at Fest. They already have their Cuban at VooDoo Fest. My sweet potato fries were crispy (how I like them) & hot out of the fryer. David had the eggs benedict & said they were really good. They serve brunch on Sat & Sun. I love getting a burger for breakfast & that's what I miss most about La Peniche. Cafe Navarre fills that gap & more. The service was excellent & the decor is cute & homey. I took off 1 star because the bathroom needed some attention.
We will definitely go ba ck; maybe for lunch!Definitely the best roast beef Po boy is the city! Also the gravy cheese fries are amazing!Absolutely love the breakfast sandwich. My family and I go very, very often--my mother, brothers, young nieces, and we all enjoy it. Very comfortable environment. Coffee could be better, but otherwise, everything is great.Can eat inside or outside. Dark inside, so we opted for outdoor seating. Prices are good. My salad with shrimp (fried) was delicious. Nothing fancy, but Cafe Navarre is relaxing. It's near City Park. Oh, and the Bloody Mary 's at 11am hit the spot.This corner cafe is conveniently located close to the Delgado community college. Street parking can be easily found nearby.  The location and patio was what attracted me to this place.    
Once inside, I was surprised to see a large clean dining area and varied menu selection. I particularly enjoyed their salad and Panini items.  It was a warm sunny day, so I decided to sit in the patio area. The staff was super friendly, and offered many smiles.  I went on a weekend just after the normal lunch hour, so the atmosphere was relaxed.  I ordered the California Cobb salad and it was definitely a satisfying choice. The veggies were fresh and delicious.  The serving was large, so I had to ask for a to-go box; they happily complied.
Overall, it is a quaint and convenient place to eat a yummy well-rounded lunch or breakfast.Good service, good food! Quaint little breakfast/sandwich/pizza shop. A great "neighborhood" kind of place. Veg Omelet was great. Husbands Eggs Benedict with sausage and jalapeño was excellent. We also had a "to go" Cuban sandwich which was also excellent. We will go back.Great brunch and their biscuits are delicious!!!I thought this place was loud. My Eggs Benedict hardly had any hollandaise sauce and the eggs were not poached and runny.A delicious little neighborhood joint. I like to go here on a weekend for brunch and sit on the covered patio.Went here on vacation and the food was very average. My friends and I ordered eggs Benedict and there wasn't much hollandaise sauce, because of this we requested more. Turns out extra hollandaise sauce is an up-charge of $2!!! The waitress did not inform of us of this and was very rude when asked to take it off. She finally did and said "next time you order just split it"! Here's some advice for the waitress: how about you tell your costumers about up-charges on items...This is my favorite breakfast spot in town. Great relaxed atmosphere. Friendly staff that hustles so much, you'll never wait longer than 5 minutes for a table. The chocolate chip and banana pancakes are the best. You can't go wrong with the buttery biscuits. Though not a "high-end" restaurant, the chefs put all others to shame. Best poached egg in the city. Those guys in the kitchen have skill.
Located in a great neighborhood, I like sitting in the porch outside and sipping mimosas!Looking for caffeine to get me through Friday and stopped in. Saw that they had breakfast to go and got a sandwich. It was a little pricey for a basic bacon, egg and cheese but my friend claimed the biscuit made it worth it (I had plain toast). The food was ready quickly which allowed us to make it to our meeting on the Northshore on time!