I recieved terrible customer service when asking to split a bill.  They refused, said that it was not in their job description to seperate bills, and the owners were too old fashion for that.  REALLY??!?!?! They had two tables in the place would not have been a big deal, yet they refused, why give poor customer service when you have the option to do better?  Long story short if you want/need your own bill sit on seperate chairs at the bar, maybe they can handle that.  Also the food isn't that great, I would rather pay a little more for more accomodating staff.The staff was great! Told us what she liked & she wasn't wrong. There were 5 of us & we each got something different & we were NOT disappointed! Huge portions so grab a to-go box.I am not one to write reviews but felt compelled to do so on this restaurant. I grew up in New Orleans and moved away for a few years. Now back and remembered Maspero's on Chartres Street for being known for their over-stuffed high quality meat sandwiches.  If Cafe Maspero on Decatur is an extension  of the original it hugely missed the mark. VERY disappointing! Had the roast beef poboy dressed thinking it would be at least equally as good as a typical New Orleans roast beef poboys. They must cater to tourists who don't know better.  The meat was like what you'd have in a Stouffers frozen dinner with canned gravy... not real roast beef gravy ... and maybe not real meat...and VERY SALTY! So much thick gravy that you couldn't pick it up to eat--too soggy--much less try to add the thin-sliced tomato and hamburger dill pickle - no lettuce, just a spoonful of shredded cabbage. The fries were great and our server was friendly but don't waste your money eating here. Never again--not even if they are giving it away. Wish I could have rated them less than one star!Why I fall in to tourist traps even after being to nola a thousand times is beyond my comprehension. I just love people watching. We were walking around the quarter and decided to eat at Maspero because we were starving and the place seemed packed. I've eaten at many places around the French quarter but always missed this one (for a good reason, I suppose!)
I look at the menu outside and decide we'll eat here. I was about to open the door to enter when a guy comes out and says "sorry man, can't let you in...we are packed"....oooh, I like this place already... They say I can't come in! We wait for about 10 minutes and then let in. The waitress comes to our table within a couple of minutes to take our order...
I order the jambalaya (waitress said: excellent choice) and my friend got the sea food platter. The food is less than mediocre. I've eaten jambalaya plenty of times in nola and I can say this is possibly the worst of all. I mean, even boxed stuff that comes from a grocery store tastes better. My friend's sea food platter is another story, after all! The breading on the catfish was soggy, the calamari was over fried and chewy, and the fried oysters were just hard. 
The food does not deserve more than 1 star.
So, why do I give this place 3 stars??
Its the people watching, I say!!
All the windows and doors are left open so you can see and hear everything that goes on the street. There is a sign on your dinner table that says "please do not feed the birds"....major points for that sign alone! Within the 40 minutes that we were there I saw 3 drag queens, a group of young britney spears wannabes in their dance outfits (hey, fellow Louisiana girls after all), frat boys, county folks, hippies, drunk tourists, waspy tourists, and a hooker....all in and around my window. 
Don't go to Maspero for the food, go there to watch people and be entertained!
P.S. Cash only!When ever we come to NOLA we stop here at least once.  My husband is a local in NOLA and we love making this on of our nust stops.Good food, good service. I would recommend this place mainly for drinks though. It has a full loaded bar. I had a hurricane which was good. Would of gave it 4 stars if it would have been a little cleaner restrooms were a disaster.The location is great, we sat next to the big open doors which let a wonderful breeze in without being too cold/windy. Our waiter Kenny was amazing, real personable, kept checking on us, and made our 10 month old daughter laugh out loud. great service!
The food was great too! the red beans and rice were delicious, but the star of our meal was definitely the alligator sausage sandwich, oh my stars! definitely a must try if you go!
also a super short walk to cafe du monde for beignets for dessert :-)I came to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. We heard about this place and came on a busy Saturday night. The guy hosting was very nice and got us sat quickly. We were greeted immediately, and ordered and got our food really fast.  The Chicken and Andouille Gumbo was very delicious! Great environment too. Our waitress was Melva, she was super nice and gave us great service, even took the time out of her busy night to talk to us and ask us about our day. Great food and amazing service, thanks to Melva, we will definitely come back to Cafe Maspero next time we're in New Orleans!!When you have a broad choice of eateries in the French Quarter, mediocre food and poor service are just a bad combination. The food wasn't BAD; it was just absolutely bland for the city. The muffuletta was okay but they're made or broken on olive salad and theirs was just too oily. The red beans and rice and jambalaya were also fairly bland when they should be taste sensations.  The hurricane was too sour and seemed sloppily made. 
And then there was the service. 
Our server, who was also the hostess, was nice enough, but considering the place had a good eight or so servers and about six tables taken, we should have been inundated with service. Nope. My husband indicated that he saw three servers just yapping away while we waited. 
You have literally dozens of places within a block to eat. Do yourself a favor and pick one of them.Tourist trap! Beware, food was gross, nothing special was the general consensus around the table. The service was SUPER slow despite only having one other table. We were probably the next to last guests of the night. The food was not worth the wait. Everything felt prepared and not cooked. I ordered the roast beef sandwich and was not at all impressed. It was salty and sloppy. It was like a frozen stouffers-like roast beef on a bun. Do yourself a favor and spend your money elsewhere. Throughout my whole meal I wished I'd spotted the place across the street first.besides the rustic naw leans architecture and style this restaurant has great fried seafood and delicious cheap drinks! on top of that the service was delightful and fast! by far my favorite place in New Orleans yet!The hot sausage sandwich was DELICIOUS! And the service was great!
Our waitress, Melva was very attentive and super helpful! Thank you! Will definitely visit again!Great food and best recommendations by our waitress Starr!! Thank you for all your advices. You can't miss the corn beef sandwich and voodoo doll cocktail...so goodddd!!Probably the best catfish po-boy I've ever had.  The bread was soft and delicious.  The gumbo was not stellar though.  The price wasn't terrible, especially for the portions ($11-$12 a plate).Food was served fast and Chris our server was friendly and efficient. Try the Muffuletta sandwich! Big portions and good value for what you get. Highly recommended. Great music too!Stayed right down the street, stopped in to take RedBeans and Jambalaya sides back to the room ... fantastic flavors so back the next morning for breakfast.
Top my omelette with etouffee and I am all set for the day. The Atchafalaya is a must ...If your looking for rude service, being called out your name, mediocre food, and unclean shrimp... this is the place to go! Please don't waste your time... young lady call a member in our party a b*tch! Manager was informed and only said sorry! Ordered french onion soup and it was salty, and shrimp po boy sandwich and all the shrimp were full of fecal matter (boo boo)!Yuk, this place is garbage.  We drove through New Orleans and figure that the French Quarter would have some of the best food.  Boy, were we wrong.  As you walk into the French Quarter, Cafe Maspero is one of the first restaurants that you would walk by.  When we saw it, we decided to walk in.  Big mistake.
It took the waitress almost 40 minutes to get to our table.  We must have hailed her down like 12 times.  She ignored us.   
I ordered the Jambalaya and red beans and rice.  My wife ordered they Muffalatta.  Both dishes were awful.  Did they just pick the leftovers from the garbage and served it to us.  Given the fact that we just drove in and were starving, we could not finish the dish.  It was that bad.  
I used to grew up in New Orleans (lived in Kenner) and know what good Jambalaya, red beans and rice, and Muffalatta should be.  This was definitely not it.
By the way, we had to hail the waittress for like 20 minutes to get our check.  The funny thing.. she brought our check to us and "automatically" charge us an 18% gratuity on the bill.  Obviously, she knew the service was lacking.  I refused to pay the tip (To Insure Proper service -- this was NOT done).  I crossed out the tip and paid only for the meal.  The heck with this restaurant.  Probably one of the worst places in the U.S.
Yuck!  Don't go here!!!Good late-night food. They have a good roast beef sandwich with au jus and french fries are always crispy on the outside and soft in the middle which is the best way to eat them.
The fried shrimp with sauce are also good and my friends and I tend to stop in here a couple times when in New Orleans. The ham sandwiches also a favorite of mine with a side of red beans and rice. 
The staff is hit or miss, sometimes you get a really good waitress that stays on top of her game and other nights you have to hunt someone down to get a refill of water. A couple years ago used to be really good it seems they may have changed owners and so it might be a learning curve.
The best thing about this café is that it's right next to Jackson Square so it's easy to pop into to get something to drink or eat. If you're in the area stop in, wouldn't make a special trip.Awful. Jambalaya that was 99.9% rice. Shrimp platter was a mess - thrown together sloppily with some shrimp that were over cooked and some almost raw. The burger was high school cafeteria grade at best. What a waste of a meal with so many good places to choose from in NOLA.Great prices for the location and quality!  Fast and friendly service.  If you're looking for a casual atmosphere with some southern and Cajun recipes, this is your place! get a window seat....you never know what you will see walking/riding by!We were encouraged to eat hear when we spoke with an employee at the door. We went in for breakfast. The waitress, Kristi, was nice and helpful with selections. The food was served quickly and hot. The meal was delicious. Definitely suggest eating here to others visiting the French Quarter.One of the best open-bar, people watching corner cafes on the planet.  If you come here, you're worried about a vibe....the food can be at your own preference and selection.  Enjoy!The jambalaya, fries and red beans are pretty good here.  The shrimp poboy was pretty good also.  The serving sizes are huge in comparison to the amount you pay.  They also have $1 strawberry daiquiris....not much liquor in them but still it's a $1.  Expect a line if you're going around lunch time.  Despite the rat or two you'll see outside...sometimes inside...(I'm really not kidding), I enjoy eating at this place.  Say hi to Mickey! lolThe roast beef sandwich is great here and huge. The seafood platter is cheap and pretty big, they give you a lot of seafood with little fries like I like. Some places put a ton of fries to make the plate look bigger. I only come here if I can get here early though, I hate waiting in lines.Really enjoyed the fried oyster poboy and the muffaletta Italian sandwich. Quick and quality service. Great spot for an in and out lunch.Service was great.  Food is consistent every time we go.  French onion soup and muffuletta make a great lunch.We live in baton rouge and absolutely love this place!! Definitely a must-visit whe in new Orleans. They don't dissapoint.Excellent and quick. One of our must visits every time we come to New Orleans. Be prepared for a waiting line, as the locals love this place. 
Excellent fried seafood, good sandwiches, interesting "French Quarter" ambiance. You will not regret this stop.We were seeking a catfish muffaletta and couldn't find a place with it on the menu.  The staff improvised to make one and did their best, although it missed the mark.  We probably should've ordered a po-boy.Terrible Customer service.... the young man at the door was great however once inside beware because after the server couldn't hear me she snapped and began cursing my friend out!!! The Manager said oh well I didn't hear it and did not properly address the situation.  Terrible experience I won't be backThis is a decent, moderately priced restaurant.  If you are in New Orleans do not plan this as one of your good meals, because it won't be that.  If you busy, between tours or shows and need to grab a decent, quick bite this would be a good place. My wife and I were in that situation when we needed to run in and eat somewhere before we got in line for Preservation Jazz Hall.  We each got an cheeseburger which was really, came with good service, and a decent price.
One nice thing about Cafe Maspero is that it does have some charm.  The place has a nice wide open interior decoration, with a very old world feel. My wife and I though we were going to have to eat at a chain, but it nice to eat a local place with some nice ambience.We saw a rat running around and when we raised the concern the response was that they couldn't control them...food was ok but cleanliness is poor....The good: our waitress Arica was very friendly and immediately made us feel welcome, which is not something I can say about the rest of the staff.
Later, when I hated my sandwich, she seemed sincerely upset on my behalf and took it off the bill. 
When my coworker grew full herself and declined the offer of a box to take home her leftovers, Arica asked if my friend would be willing to take out the remainder of her meal in a box and leave it for any of the city's numerous homeless people. Apparently it is routine for her to convince patrons who were going to otherwise waste their food to leave it in a take-out container on top of the newspaper machine out front so that the hungry can discreetly take what they need. My coworker agreed and gladly put her box atop others already waiting there. About an hour later when we passed nearby again, we saw a homeless man eating my friend's sandwich and we felt glad to be a part of the waitress Arica's crusade against hunger. What a heart of gold she has!
The bad: the food wasn't very good. It was cheap and there was a lot of it, but what does that matter when you don't want to eat it, right?
My friend had the veggie muffaletta and fries, with a salad to start. I had the traditional muffaletta and fries with a cup of red beans and rice to start. The red beans were not bad - I enjoyed the texture and the heartiness of them, even. They were a tad bland, though. They needed more spice, I think. Both of us enjoyed our french fries and devoured them, which is a sad commentary on the taste of the sandwiches, because a good sandwich should always be better than the side item accompanying it. 
About those sandwiches, I can only repeat what I said before: quantity of food is meaningless if it tastes poor. Both sandwiches were enormous, but the bread was flavorless to the extreme and the overabundance of olives on each (mostly green olives) made the sandwiches too briney. I gagged down one bite only and I am a fat girl who loves to eat and can usually finish anything, if that means anything.
Also, we did take advantage of the $1 Daquiris and we were not impressed. I am pretty confident that there was no more than a thimble full of alcohol in them, making them very large strawberry flavored slushies. Now that I think about it, I don't recall any real strawberries in them, either - just the weird artificial flavor that comes from a bottle and not nature.
Also, they do not accept credit cards nor will they seperate the checks, making it impossible for you to turn in receipts for reimbursement to your employer, if that is of concern to you.Had breakfast/lunch here with my wife in town for a convention. Nothing special that would bring me back again.Jambalaya was bland. Definitely better options available for authentic New Orleans cuisineGood value. We got takeout and ate at Jackson Square while people watching. The sausage sandwich was big and spicy. Red beans and rice could have used more flavor. Salt or Tabasco.  I would return.I don't like leaving subpar reviews...but I take Yelp seriously so I need to be honest. 
We ventured here on the recommendation of my husband and his friend. Apparently they had dined here years ago and had fond memories of their time (my guess is they were big fans of the cheap drinks.)  The one thing I had been craving since getting to NOLA was a muffaletta, so that is what I ordered. Well...it was highly disappointing. It just tasted like an overly salty sandwich to me. I couldn't taste of the meat or the olive spread. The bread was eh (and I love good bread). I barely made it through half of it before I had to stop. I later tried a muffaletta at another place and it was much better. Not as much meat, better bread. You would think it would be hard to mess up a sandwich, but sometimes more of something isn't a good thing.
My husband ordered the shrimp po boy and was also disappointed. He said he preferred the one he had at Acme Oyster House the day prior.The food here was good but our service was terrible. I wouldn't go back here and I barely ate my lunch after watching our cracked-out looking waitress cough into her hand before grabbing a daquiri to serve to someone. I also saw her drinking a bunch of soda while we were there. This isn't a problem generally but it took like at least 5 or 10 minutes before the waitress got to us after we sat down. I'd go somewhere else.Open air dinning if you can snag a table by the open French doors. I had the best breakfast here of potatoes, eggs, cajun sausage and fresh hot bisquits.  The place was a little empty since it was a little early.Was here over the Labor Day Weekend Holiday, and dined here twice. Their Shrimp Po-boy was absolutely delicious and necessitated a return trip. Their SD special Blue Drink was also delicious. When I am in town again, I will definitely try this place again!Don't mistake Cafe Maspero's for the Original Pierre Maspero's (which was the goal..). Ummmm, where to start, just bad, bad, bad!  The hubster had jambalaya, I had the red beans and rice.. They both were exceptionally gross.  The end.Well I have been coming here for years and it has always been a must stop for me and my family until this last visit. The prices have been jacked up and then you add in the parking fee across the street it becomes an absolute joke. Let me first say since moving to the South 3 years ago I have learned how to make the delicious muffaletta at home so it's not nearly the treat it used to be. I make it at home and it's so good so the need to drive to NOLA is not necessary unless you are in the area. I picked up my sister from the airport and of course she loves the place so we had to stop in. The price for the sandwich went up around $5 and everything was way marked up since the last time I was here (maybe a year) and at about $15 a plate now, it's just not worth it for me.  If you are a tourist you may want to stop in for lunch because it is a good sandwich and everyone visiting NOLA needs the muffaletta experience. After the $24 parking fee and the $50 lunch tab (3 sandwiches and 3 Cokes) plus a tip well it just became a $80 lunch. Not worth it and honestly I won't be back.Lame food, lame service. Overpriced tasteless Cajun cooking. For the same price you can find something much better.I went to this place on the recommendation of the concierge at my hotel.  I was skeptical, but was pleased to see that at almost 2pm, there was still a line out the door.  I ordered the seafood plate which was fried calamari, shrimp catfish and oysters.  The calamari was inedible, however the shrimp and oysters were pretty good.  The catfish was hot and falky but a little bland.  Overall, there was way too much food for me to eat and I left a lot to waste (since I was in a hotel).  The price was right ($11.25), but they only take cash and the ATM fee was $3.  :-(  I wouldn't eat here again, but it was a good place to start and the waitress was nice.Atmosphere is fun and very New Orleans. Its loud and crowded but that's half the fun. They have some if the best French onion soup you'll find anywhere. Sandwiches are usually pretty good here as well but the soup seems to be what keeps bringing  us back.Breakfast is good, however the Cajun Bloody Mary is OUT OF THIS WORLD. If you are in New Orleans you must try this.PATRONS BEWARE**Do Not Stop and dine. This is by far the worst staff and customer service I've everrrrrr experience. After their delayed lazy service and now my frustration of waiting for my food I was called a Bit$&! Ok....I'll show them what a Boss Bitch like me and my party of 7 do!...LEAVE! The tour place recommends them because of the muffuletta but there's more place with great service. Needless to say I've ask other people around and they stated that place is known for rude service.There are about 9 bazillion places to eat in New Orleans.  Everyone says "eat here, go there, don't miss" that it's about impossible to decide.  I knew that I didn't want a chain - and looked at the menu on the door, then I looked at my husband's face that had the "why don't you want here" look on it - so we went in.  I had the calamari plate - wonderfully cooked - not over done so that they were chewy - it was very nicely prepared.   My husband ordered the seafood platter, which was very nice also.
The biggest surprise was the $3 Strawberry daquiri - it was 24 ounces!!  OMG.  My pathetic little $6 margarita looked so sad next to it.  So I had another.
I would recommend friends to give this a try!The worst service!! Food took over an hour to come to table. Waitress never acknowledge us till we finally found her to ask where's the food!Food is good but the star of the show is Melva! She was wonderful- so friendly and outstanding service - highly recommend if she is working ask for her to take care of you!!!Great spot for a sandwich. They serve the classic muffaletta sandwich w fries, not fancy but just right. Local beer and soda (no free refills) . 
Great french onion soup, fresh fish sandwiches like catfish were perfect for a quick lunch. Cant beat the location on Decatur, half block from Jackson Square. 
Good food at a good price, quick service. A NOLA staple.If I could leave a negative star at this point I would. Please note- I am truly hoping to update the majority of this review to something more positive but for now--
  We ate here last evening at about 8pm ish. The place was dead with only about 3 tables -aside from ours seated and no one at the bar. There was, however a HUGE number of staff on. We ordered- two sandwiches and fries (husband and son) and I had a small bowl of 'jambalaya'. The guys liked their sandwiches but my meal was horrid- dry, old, and gloppy. Even the chicken in the mush of nothingness was dry. Our waitress, who was pleasant, took it off of our bill and informed the kitchen saying that sometimes the rice gets 'a little gooey' (good lord..). We finished payed and walked out the door and ten feet to the corner when I realized that I had left my cell phone on the table. I ran back in and it was gone. By the hostesses and another table's comments it was established that no one except us had left in the 2 minutes that I was gone, so where is the phone? It seems reasonable to assume that it is the establishment still though no one seems to have seen it- yea, right. We tried calling it but it had been turned off so it went straight to voice mail. We asked the manager to please check the the cameras and were assured that it would be done. Apparently not as we called again this morning and the day staff had not even heard that there was a problem last night. We're told that they are NOW checking the cameras but, please, excuse me if I decline to believe it.
 So, not only was the food just above 'so-so' the staff apparently steals from its customers and the management doesn't seem to care.
 Like I said at the beginning of this review, I hope this place can make at least the stealing portion of this review be adjusted, but it is doubtful...
 My recommendation? Steer clear .There are a few pros: the staff was friendly and engaging, the restaurant was clean, and the wait not too long.  However, the food itself just was 'A-Ok'.  It certainly didn't live up to quite what I was hoping for when we ventured out for Lunch in Nola.  The Cajun Jambalaya came with a small salad that built up my expectations slightly, however, the Jambalaya itself dropped them back.  The word Cajun implied it would be at least somewhat spicy, not mild mannered like the Jambalaya I can get back home in Philly.  Maybe Nola just can't handle the spice like I heard they could...Ok been there many time over the years, yes its now a tourist place, but locals still  go there and its a love have relationship but its cheap. nothing fancy , lots of meat on the sandwiches.We found this place when we got off the Natchez tour, I'd give it a 3.5, but I bumped it up cause of the daiquiris.  $1 for a small daiquiris and $3 for a large one, which is plenty big, in fact, it's the same size as the sodas and in NOLA you can stroll along the street and drink while you walk! 
I wish I could say the food was good, but my catfish po-boy wasn't all that, the fish was nice, flavourful, but it was a bland sandwich and the fries weren't great.  My brother had a fantastic muffuletta and my hubby's roast beef po-boy wasn't the best either.  
It was just ok, but I doubt I'd go back, I'm sure the quarter has much better to offer, we just didn't know where to go! 
Daiquiris were good though!Meh. Shrimp poboy wasn't great, but the service was good. My friends really liked the gumboChewy bread (and not the good kind that some french bread is known for), smelly surroundings,  dirty tables and bathrooms. 
Even if the food was 5 star (which it isn't,  only average) you couldn't enjoy it given the surroundings.**BEWARE** There's far better places to enjoy NOLA's cuisines then this place. Tour guides truly need to STOP recommending this place. A total waste of money and vacation time. Bad customer service experience and mediocre food.Best food for the best price in the French Quarter! Keep it simple when ordering--Jambalaya, Red Beans and Rice, or Mufaletta are delicious. Nice, central location. Great for kids. Good service.I liked this place. Yes it was a bit grungy looking but not unsanitary. Our waitress had worked there off and on for years - we heard her tell another table of customers - so it can't be all bad. 
Local people come there for lunch and get big plates of food. It's not a "fine dining" establishment. IMO they also had the best fried oysters of all the places I've tried them in New Orleans. The muffaletta was HUGE, I could barely eat half of it. 
Good value for your money. I'd go back just for the fried oysters.Tried this place on Sugar Bowl weekend. Every other restaurant we tried was 1 1/2 hour wait, but we just walked in Cafe Maspero, no wait.  Typically that would be a big red flag however given the circumstances we decided to give it a try. Boy! We're we royally rewarded. 
In our party we had the fried calamari, red beans and rice, jambalaya, alligator sausage sandwich and fried shrimp. Every dish was well prepared. We were all very pleased with Cafe Maspero.
The server was unique, but she still did a very adequate job. 
I would highly recommend Cafe Maspero.My well drink tasted like straight cranberry Juice. Our Fried Shrimp Sandwich was bland and the  service was subpar.One of the few places in the French Quarter that serves good New Orleans food. Sure, the Walgreens and a number of other places down the street may have jambalaya, but this place serves the taste of the city visitors come for. The French Onion soup is cheesy, and the poboys are piled high with tasty seafood.Me and a group of friends went here to eat out for my birthday and the service was horrible!!! The hostess guy didn't tell Us that everything goes on one bill and our waitress was horrible overall. Not only was the service horrible, oh no let me tell you the air conditioner was leaking on one of my friends and there was mold in the corner by the air vent. Our hostess was a young black guy....Malik to be exact and he was very disrespectful to our party. He told us we look like we come from the hood (how ironic) and he used vulgar language in front of us. When I asked for a manager he pleaded that he was only joking. Very unprofessional place of business and I will never return.Food is cafeteria quality. Jambalya was not as good as the Zatarans stuff I make at home. The $2.50 beers might be worth the trip alone though. Many Abita bottles and a few drafts for same low price.  Cash only but have an ATM in back. Fried shrimp was pretty good though. But would not go back considering all the other choices in the quarter. Except maybe for cheap beers.Cheap food, large portions, and pretty good flavors. It is a Cash only place so be ready but there is an ATM onsiteI came here to try the muffuletta since it's a New Orleans specialty. Dang, I really don't like their sandwiches here. The po-boy and this really disappointed me. Basically, the muffuletta is hamuger-like bread with 3 types of meet heaped on and topped with an olive spread. Eh. Too much meat and too dry. It was $8. The sandwich also came with some fries, which were okay.
I bypassed the line and went straight to the To Go window inside.This restaurant was recommended to me by the lady sitting next to me on my flight to NOLA.  She was a native and I figured she'd know what's up.  She told me specifically to try the Jumbalaya, and so that was what I ordered.
I came here for lunch on a Monday right when the doors open so there was no wait at all.  I ordered the Jumbalaya.  There was a small salad that came with it. Nothing too special-iceberg lettuce, one tomato slice and some honey mustard on the side.  Then, a huge portion of the Jumbalaya came with a small slice of toast.  I loved it! There were so many flavors! Shrimp with sausage in the rice.  Very delicious and tasty!Aleays get the seafood platter. It's a great plate of nicely fried seafood. My first time to try fried oysters -- I enjoyed them. Muffuletta  was great, just the right size, not too large. A busy place with friendly service.Quick fast and cheap doesn't get any better than that in the French Quarters!!!!Ugh..
In a desperate hunt for food in a city not equipped for a forecast of near freezing rain, my boyfriend and I settled on lunch at Cafe Maspero.
You can count on zero ambiance at this place. Wide open spaces, mismatched (not intentionally) furniture and soda fountains and "staff lounge" on display, you feel like you are in a cafeteria. They had no coffee to serve us at 11 am on a day that had set record low temperatures. We ordered a shrimp po boy and jambalaya. The jambalaya was all rice, hardly any meat at all. Had a canned flavor. And to add to the cafeteria style of everything, it was served on those hard plastic plates with bent cutlery. As if I was longing for an elementary school lunch experience.
Our waitress could not have cared less about anything other than socializing at the staff's "popular table". We were waiting for far too long for the check to escape this place.
If you have any other options, skip it!Went hunting for food our first night in NOLA after a long day of travel and realize woah so many options. This place seemed very busy with a wait out front and pricing was reasonable for the area so gave it a try. Wait staff was friendly and food came out quickly. 
Ordered a side of jambalaya and a shrimp PoBoy. Jambalaya was fresh and tasty. PoBoy was decent but nothing special. Basically fried shrimp on the roll, no unique other ingredients or sauce.My family has been going here for years and today was such a disappointment. They've always had delicious, HOT sandwiches and today I got the complete opposite of that. We probably won't be going back here again because the cooks and the rest of the staff have become so lazy. Maybe to tourists this is acceptable, but for people that have loved coming here for years, this is completely unacceptable.I just spent a week in New Orleans for the New Orleans Burlesque Festival. I go to Cafe Maspero everytime I'm there and it gets better and better every time. It's right in the French Quarter and you can have a nice view to people watch along the streets. 
It was late afternoon on a Saturday and I was suprised it wasn't as packed as it has been when I've visited before. 
I highly recommend their Red Beans and Rice (with ham and sausage!). The portion was huge and I had 3 meals from that one order. The only reason they loose a star is because I had to spicen up the red beans when I got home (I ordered carry out). This batch was a little blander than I remember which suprised me. But a sprinkle of some Tony Chachere's did the trick.
The service is very friendly and the atmosphere is casual. The cooks at the carry out window were courteous and engaged in small talk which made me feel right at home.I ate at this place all three nights while in New Orleans. Staff was very friendly and the menu has a wide variety of options. I had a pastrami PoBoy the first & third night. Absolutely the best one iv'e ever had. The meat was piled high and the plate is filled with french fries. You won't be disappointed.We went to this place on recommendation from our hotel concierge. The service was very good and the French onion soup with some of the best I've ever had. Next time I will order it extra cooked so the cheese on top is fully melted and brown and crispy. Our sandwiches came out hot and fresh and we're very delici
ous the french fries were some of the best in the city .we will be back.I had the Calamari and Jambalaya, SO good! You're seated quickly and it's in a great location. 
The best part of this restaurant was the service and the staff, I'll be back!My friends and I were visiting for a weekend birthday celebration, and it was recommended that we eat here. The wait to be seated was not long. However, they deserve a -5 (negative 5) for their poor customer service. You must provide a certain level of service to all who are patronizing your business. It's very unprofessional and appalling to have one of your employees use profanity towards a customer who advised you several times that the order you were holding, belonged to them. The manager's response for the situation was that he didn't witness it.The service was very good.  If there are 2 of you and you both want sandwiches I suggest sharing.  The portions are enormous and most likely can't be finished by one person.  Drinks are super cheap!  Only downfall is it's cash only.