Ordered out from here last night.  Nothing spectacular, but the food was good and plentiful.  I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it, but since it's in the neighborhood, I may be spending more time here experimenting on other food.  I had the chicken Parmesan (sans cheese).  I really wanted the spaghetti with it, but they ran out before we picked it up, so it came with Lasagna.  It was pretty tasty.  If you are ordering over the phone, be sure to ask them what they have.My boyfriend took me here for lunch when I was craving some home cooked food (my mom was from NY and always made great Italian food) I walked in and right away it smelled DELICIOUS! Nino was behind the counter, as adorable as ever, and after looking at the lunch specials I just had to have it, so I did. While my boyfriend was waiting for his calzone, he gave us a plate of sausages with red sauce. I had a baked ziti (but with mini shells) and chicken marsala and oh my god. I want to come here tomorrow, and the next day. 
The food just gave me a big warm hug and sent me on my way with a "Ciao!" out the door.On the pizza alone this place gets 5 stars! Absolutely fantastic! New York style pizza at its finest!HUGE HIDDEN GEM. This place is a huge hole in the wall. The place is completely work down. My dad told me that it was in the same condition when he used to eat at the breakfast place that was there in the mid 80s. 
All this being said, this place serves excellent food. The pizza is great and has very thin crust. The thing to get here is the veal Parmesan with lasagna. One of the best Italian dishes you will have. I think this place does the best tomato sauce in the city. 
They may serve their food on paper plates and it may be really run down, but this place can cook. If they put any money into the place, it would make a lot more money.
 The food is also cheap so you can get out there under $10-$12. It's also served cafeteria style so you will be out quick. I recommend this place to anyone looking for good Italian in New Orleans.Really good and cheap Italian food. It's cash only but Nino is usually there and will often offer a "digestivo," which consists of a styrofoam cup filled generously with red wine, as you're paying.  
Favorites are: veal marsalla and spinach lasagna plateLocated on Carrollton in totally unassuming place, Cafe Nino has become my favorite place to eat Italian food. The owner who's family migrated from Sicily then moved down to NOLA from Brooklyn is extremely nice and makes great food. I was a little wary when I first stepped into this restaurant because of its sketchy appearance, but the food speaks for itself.  The food changes daily, and they serve it up fast since it's a cafeteria style eatery. Their chicken parmesan and veal parmesan are so good that my mouth is salivating just thinking about it! This place is CASH ONLY so be prepared! Truly a hidden gem. If you're craving Italian, this is the place to go!Last night I was having a mean craving for some saucy Italian food.  I had been to Cafe Nino once before, several years ago, and really enjoyed it.  I hadn't been back because I usually make pasta at home. However, last night I returned to this adorable, cafeteria-style Italian restaurant.  
When I walked in the man who worked behind the counter greeted me with a huge smile, he was so excited to see me and was beyond helpful.  He described all the dishes and even let me taste test the very juicy Chicken Marsala before I made my final decision. I decided on the Veal Parmesan because I wanted something covered in marinara sauce, I absolutely love marinara sauce.  As a side I choose the beef lasagna, imagine my excitement when he told me that my options for sides were pizza or lasagna! The meal was topped of with a giant piece of bread that was toasted on the spot and another layer of marinara sauce, of course! 
Everything was so yummy!! My craving was totally satisfied! The Veal was tender and perfectly breaded; the sauce was a bit sweet and very savory.  The lasagna practically melted in my mouth and the bread! I had to tell my roommate that she was only allowed one more bite of the bread because she was trying to steal it from me.  Another fabulous part about Cafe Nino is the portions are huge! I had lunch for the next day and it was just as tasty. Not to mention how affordable it was!  I will definitely be making Cafe Nino a regular go-to spot from now on!I've finally found good pizza in New Orleans. Since I've lived in NYC I was suspicious of the so-called "Brooklyn style" pizza that they serve, Nino's actually comes through. True you're not going to mistake their pies for Patsy's, Grimaldi's or one of the other NYC institutions, but Nino's does justice to the style and brings legitimate thin crust to NOLA. I shouldn't have doubted it since its run by a Scicilian transplant by way of Brooklyn. 
Definitely order a full pie when your here. The crust is very light and crispy and the cheese is nice and fresh. Nino's is a hole in the wall and not much to look at but you won't find better pizza in NOLA.Been coming here for years. Hands down one of my favorite places. Love Nino and Femmie (sp?) these guys treat you right. Don't have cash? No problem, pay'em back later (even if its your first time). The place is the epitome of neighborhood pizza joint and the pizza holds up for sure. It's best by the whole pie, but slices are good too if your in a rush or alone. I also love the meatball sub, and my buddie swears by the cheesesteak . Don't expect any fancy nonsense, just the standards no, fusion fancy crap here. Its dark n dingy just like NY joints.  Couldn't get and better. If your a princess, go to Slice. If you just like beer and pizza, this is the spot.I hate to give 1 star after one visit, but it was so bad, I must.
I had a friend from Boston in town. Hungover and in need of take out, she requests Chicken Parm Sub. (Yes, Yes, they are "poboys" here, I'm aware).
Now...Boston has tons of local pizza/sub shops with all the fried fattiness you can think of. My poor friend had no idea her request was a challenging one, and at that time, nor did I.
A quick search of the couple of pizza shops in the Carrolton area resulted in nothing (surprising since its a college area). I remembered seeing Cafe Nino on FoodNetwork or Travel channel, being praised for its Italian food, looked at the menu, and YES! they have it. 
We order chicken parm and an eggplant parm and of course and had to pick it up (another huge issue with NOLA pizza places). When we got back we were SO surprised to see that the chicken and eggplant were NOT breaded. Not breaded?? what is this?? Who makes chicken parm with cubes of chicken? Not to mention the state of the sauce. It was gross. After some investigating, several pizza shops do the chicken parm sandwich this way. I am yet to find a place with a breaded cutlet. 
The staff was very very nice. In fact, the guy said if I didnt have enough cash, I could just pay them next time! (He had never seen me before, and very well may never again, but its the south, and people are rediculously nice.)   I had the cash, but it was very nice. 
I'm sorry Cafe Nino, I dont think I'll be back.I wanted to like this place, but I just can't pay $13 for chicken and lasagna that have been sitting under a heat lamp for who knows how long.  The food tastes OK (and it's been over four hours and I haven't died yet) and had the meal been about $7 I might return.  On the plus side, the workers were friendly.Continuing my quest for the perfect pizza in New Orleans, my boyfriend and I tried this place on a whim last night.  I was thrilled to find a New York style pizzeria around here, complete with garlic knots and calzones.  The service was wonderful; the guy that helped us gave us a free order of knots while we waited and even allowed us to run home for cash and take the food with us.  Maybe we just look honest.  The knots were regrettably not garlicky, but the dough was delicious  so they were definitely good.  The pizza, on the other hand, was wonderful.  So cheap, appropriately sized (17" pie!), and delicious.  Approaching what I used to have in New York.  They sell by the slice as well and even have a Sicilian pie, which I must be trying next week.  And if you're looking for a place to eat out, the beer is super cheap ($3.95).  We got a whole pie, knots, and a beer for $21.  Which is awesome.  If I could give 4.5 stars, I would, since the only problem I have is the lack of garlic on the knots.I've been a fan of Nino's for a very long time. I don't make it there very often since I moved away from p-town.
Story time:
Back in the day when they first opened  ('96-ish) my high school friends and I would go here. Often we didn't have the cash so we'd split plates. Nino (the owner) would see us doing this and would give us extra food because "growing kids have got to eat!".  
During this time my mom had cancer so when she'd actually feel like eating I'd call in a pickup order for her. He'd tell me to stay home and take care of my mom and he'd have his kitchen help run down the street to my house to hand deliver it. "Fresh food help you feel better fast 'eh?"
Several years later when one of the high school gang died suddenly my hubs and I stopped by Nino's after the funeral. After he heard what happened he refused to let us pay for lunch and then poured us two very large glasses of red wine. 
"Some times wine and a full stomach makes bad things a bit easier" 
Yes Nino, yes it does.
I love Nino... he's a character and a very very nice guy.
The restaurant used to be a toddle house when I moved to the 'hood. Nino redid it into a cafeteria style Italian restaurant. It's smallish with 4 or 5 tables on the inside and 4 tables on the outside. Daily he picks 2-3 dishes and makes them from scratch. Everything is very very fresh.  Watching him make the bread and dough is pretty awesome.
Of the cafeteria style dishes I love  the lasagna and the veal parmesan. 
As for the other stuff they have..OMG the philly cheese steak. It's probably not a real proper philly cheese steak since we're not in philly but so so tasty. Nino makes it fresh on the grill and pairs it with bread he bakes.
The pizza! Nino's pizza will ruin you for all other pizza. He makes his own dough and sauce. I've watched my hubs put away a whole  pizza all by himself and they are NOT small just very very good.  Nino actually knows the difference between stromboli and a calzone. Dat stromboli yo.
Extra parking on the side and rear. Does not take cards.
Mommy notes: Nino loves talking to kids. Always gives plenty of napkins. Small inside so leave the stroller in the car. Bring cash. Clean bathrooms.Hmmm. Reviewing this is going to be difficult. 
If you're concerned with ambiance or happen to be going out for "a nice time" or you want to feel particularly important or fancy, this place is definitely not for you. I hate the terms "dive" or "hole-in-the-wall" because they don't really accurately reflect the quality of a restaurant, only the quality of the surroundings. I have been to plenty of places (Marigny Brassiere, for instance) that had lovely ambiance and utterly awful food. It's not a "dive," It's a delicious restaurant that doesn't get nearly enough business because everyone with the money to eat out all the time thinks it's a "dive" and thus bad. 
I digress.
If you have a hankering for italian food and the means to get here, this is your absolute best choice in this city. As other people have already pointed out, Nino is incredibly kind and will indeed give you quite a bit of wine after your meal. The one chef who's been there when I was who was not Nino (didn't catch his name) is just as friendly and also a very good cook. 
Cash only, though. Do remember that.Good NY style pizza at a very reasonable price.  I called in my order and was in and out in less than 5 minutes. 
Note - it is CASH ONLY! But definitely worth a side trip to the ATM.This place makes some damn good Italian food for the price. The portions are huge.  The pizza is excellent. When I lived in NOLA I ate here once a week. Cash only.I love red gravy.   At Cafe Nino, you can practically drink it straight it is so good.  I tell Nino he should serve it in a bread bowl and sell it as "Italian Tomato Soup."   A chiffon of basil and a sprinkle of cheese... guaranteed hit.  Since this has yet to make it on the menu,  I get my red gravy with a side of bread sticks. They are also delicious.   
Cafe Nino is one of the few true New York style pizza places in the area and definitely one of the best.   Only the classic options are available.  No fancy combos, just the good stuff.  
If you are not in the mood for pizza,  try something from the cafeteria-style hot food line.   The lasagna is composed of mini meatballs! Yum!  These items vary day to day and are usually ready to go in just a minute,  if you are in a hurry.
The atmosphere is not fancy.   Don't expect much. The people are friendly.   One of my favorite places.   
Warning:  CASH ONLY!As a NOLA transplant who grew up in New Jersey, I long for a good slice of pie in a city where they're hard to come by. Finally, I have found it.  Got 2 pepperoni slices and it was comparable to my favorite pizza spots up north. Exceptional service as well, Giusseppi (sp?) was very friendly and accommodating. I'll return anytime I'm craving a legitimate, NY style slice of pizza.Nino's is one of those hole-in-the-wall with great food and people kind of places. Many days Nino himself is behind the counter, gregarious and talkative. The menu is typical for a pizza place: pizzas, calzones, cheesesteaks, but also whatever Nino makes for the day's specials: often chicken marsala, sausage & peppers, cacciatore or some type of fish, paired with a slice of lasagna or a helping of penne, and some fresh bread. 
The food reminds me of home-cooked Italian from my childhood and that's all Nino - he searched all over to find the sausage he uses because it has just the right amount of fennel; he goes back to New York to survey the pizza there (its not like the old days, he says) and he knows when the humidity is perfect for making dough for the pies.
And of course, on your way out, you're likely to end up with a bit of red wine 'for the digestion.'
Although the cafe is small, older and a bit worn, its Nino and the delicious food that make it a five star place for me.I love this place. I've been coming here for years. Some people say it's pricey, but it's standard for an Italian place. Sorry, but you can't get a plate of lasagna for three dollars especially when they make everything right there. Open up a can of Chef Boyardee instead. Anyways. Everything is good, except for the egg plant parmesan. It's severely overcooked and mushy. Free refills on fountain drinks. I don't come here as often as I should, becuase if I did, I'd weigh 300lbs. If not, I'd eat here every other day. Yes, it's a bit dirty, but I've never had stomach problems. My dad hates Nino, because one time when my parents came to visit, we ate here and Nino was hitting on my mom and giving us free wine up the yahoo. Win! (Thanks, Mom!!)This place is kind of a hole in the wall and could easily be passed up while driving down Carrollton, but it is more than meets the eye. I have such good things to say about this place. I first heard about this place from my husband. He had heard good things about it from Tom FItzmorris on a radio food show. When my husband went in there and told the owner he heard the pizza was awesome, the man gave him a free pizza and said it was on them and to come back for more. I couldn't believe that we got a a whole FREE pizza and it was delicious. Naturally, we became instant fans and went back to try more. 
I dropped in and got a few of the dinners(fish, eggplant, pasta,etc). When I went to pay with a debit card, he said they were cash only. I said I needed to go get cash and come back. The owner tried to give it to me and told me to just come back and bring friends next time. I couldn't believe how generous this guy was. I couldn't accept another free meal and wrote a check instead. 
We have been back several times, mostly take out, and have never been disappointed with the food or service.
We love the friendly owner and will always speak highly of him to our friends. I highly recommend Cafe Nino, if you have never been.I love going to this place. I'm going to be sad to see Mr. Nino close shop after so many years at the end of May 2015. Hopefully he'll be back after his trip to Italy. 
The great thing about Ninos - no matter what time you roll in, there's always hot food ready and hot bread just coming out of the oven. Or order a pie and chat about the neighborhood while it's cooking. Here's to a one of a kind restaurant in NOLA where the owner is really happy to see you every time you walk in. If you're lucky, he may even send you on your way with a glass of wine, for digestion of course.I take back my criticism of the garlic knots due to my recent addiction to the pizza here. And their willingness to sell me dough. And the existence of Sicilian crust on the menu. And how nice the guy working there is--he acts like he knows us, which is appreciated. Go here. It's awesome.I have been coming here for over 10 years and everything from a food standpoint is great. The reason im posting this is because i want Nino back! He was the nicest guy in the world, always willing to chat for a few minutes, explaining all his dishes for that day and offering some wine after the meal "for the digestion". This current guy is rude, abrasive and has better things to do than stand there and explain the food. He is always short with me, and i'm sick of his attitude. That being said, today was the straw that broke the camel's back for me and I want Nino to know he has lost a loyal, regular customer because if this new guy. That is also why I gave it only 3 stars. If you can deal with rudeness and complete lack of customer service skills, the food consists of great classic italian dishes at fair price and is totally worth the visit. Just be prepared for Mr Personality working there these days.Cafe Nino is a real treat. Tucked away in a busy section of Carrollton ave. this italian restaurant is humble but delicious. If you are looking to take a date here, avoid at all costs!! The atmosphere is equivalent to a sweaty Brooklyn pizzeria! BUT I LOVE IT! The lamb shank is as shanky as can be, so delicious. Pizza leaves something to be desired but still one of the better slices in NOLA. To elaborate on the pizza, the cheese is a little mushy but the crust has a pleasant crisp to it. This place is great for a quick nosh and has great prices.We love Cafe Nino.  The biggest reason we love it is the staff.  The guy who always appears to be working the counter is amazing.  He is extremely nice and helpful and somehow can just brighten your day.  This is very much a small local place and so while you are there you will likely see people who know each other come in and returning customers who the the guy working has a relationship with.  Very special to see.  Very nice.
The food is also awesome.  We usually just get the pizza which is easily top 5 in the city.  Great stuff.  They have a cafeteria style display of other italian dishes like chicken parm, lasagna etc.  It is all really good.  
Small little place with a hometown cafeteria style feel but some of the best italian in the city.  I would never hestitate to go there anytime.The Philly cheese steak is authentic and phenomenal. Niño, the owner, runs this place and makes some dank food. Frequented by NOPD officers, you know its good if its filling the growing bellies of our beloved cops.I like Nino's.  The food is good, the prices are fair, and Roger, who seems to run the night crew, is amazing.  Nino's is great for pick-up, as they only have about 5 tables, and the pizza is good by New Orleans standards.  If you like fountain drinks, they've got the best carbonation in town.This place has decent food.  But I have major problems with the owner and price.  For what you get, everything should be 2 or 3 dollars cheaper.  I was willing to overlook that for a while because its a great location and the food is tasty.  What made me quit going there was Mr. Nino.  He owns the place.  He serves you the food over the counter into a paper plate.  You bus your own table.   I'm fine with this.  But when it comes time to pay my bill of $13, I give him $15 and he just says thanks.  I ask him for my change and he has the nerve to roll his eyes.  He does this all the time.  He assumes a tip!    Nino is dead to me.There is a reason this place rates all five stars with me.  It is what it is, and it doesn't want to be anything else.  Damn good pizza at a damn good price.  Made by a bunch of guys who really like what they're doing. Yes, there is a Nino, and yes, he's from Sicily.  Talk him up, he's a lot of fun.  On any given night there, you'll see uptown college kids, Metairie mee-maws, pony tail girls, regular guys, young, old, even a ball gown (usually worn by a woman) ...pretty much a cross section.  The place has the ambience of a truck stop in West Texas. Minus the charm.  But the pizza is great and the dough is made on site.  The steam tables with your grandmother's kind of food (if your grandmother was a Sicilian immigrant) is cheap and decent.  Don't come in here thinking it's August or Bayona or some other famous chef place and you won't be disappointed.  And the styro cups don't diminish the bouquet of the Gallo jug wine served.  If you're from the Northeast, this place will make you happy, not ecstatic.  Cash or checks only, and tip these guys, they work hard for you.As a former New Yorker, I love this pizza... It's the first "real" pizza I've had in New Orleans, and it's delicious.  The sauce is a little sweet, but some Rex's garlic powder fixed that right up. The Philly cheesesteaks are delicious, too, though they use mozzarella instead of provolone. 
This is also by FAR the least expensive pizza Uptown. Guess they don't have to pay those Magazine Street rents!We stumbled on this gem while waiting for another restaurant to open. We were going to just have a beer, but we decided to eat as well because the guy at the counter was so nice and the food smelled great. 
I did have to walk to Chevron for $$$$ as they don't take ATM/Visa/MC but it was well worth the 5 minute walk round trip. 
I had a penne pasta and the sausage and peppers, my wife had spinach lasagna and chicken parm. Came with breadsticks, which were just ok. 
For a quick meal that was delish I would recommend this place!!!Liked local atmosphere and yummy food.  Lasagnia was melting in my mouth and my husband had rolled up catfish with spinach.  Great food for great prices!  It was cool to be in laid back atmosphere and no fancy table covers.Very good pizza, place is a bit run down.  However pizza & Nino are wonderful!  Daily lunch specials are tremendous, Nino feeds you like an Italian Mama.This place is a dive. It doesn't seem to be the cleanest, they don't take plastic, and they greasy pizza by the slice and philly cheese steaks. Nevertheless, I keep going back, and I alway enjoy my pizza. It a great stop if you need a slice to soak up some booze, or if you want to eat out, but can only pay by check.CAFE NINO IS AMAZING!!
I have been coming to cafe nino for about 5 years. I think i have tried everything there and trust everything is delicious. I mean it : Chicken parm, lasagna (SPINACH AND MEAT) , pizza, calzones, eggplant parm, philly cheese steak, veal, chicken marsala, stuffed catfish. Seriously everything is incredible. You cannot get enough of the gravy and they give you A LOT of it. The whole staff is incredible and great neighborhood feel to the place. CHEAP CHEAP too. Femi is amazing and always puts me in the best moon when I walk in. I come to nino just for Femi. The service sets this place apart from all the others because they are so friendly and you instantly feel at home. This place holds a special place in my heart and I will come back until the close the doors (heaven forbid!)No nonsense italian dishes
Divey but homey atmosphere
Great guy serving the food 
Cheap
Does the trickYou really don't go to Cafe Nino for the food (even though it's PRETTY DANG GOOD), you go for the ... look, I'm mad at myself just thinking about finishing this sentence, but bear with me ... experience.
It's kind of a scummy looking place, and it was about eight months after working a couple of blocks away from it that I realized it was an actual restaurant, but I have had nothing but fantastic experiences at this place. It's the dive bar of local Italian cuisine, and I mean that with all the love I can give, because I love dive bars, and I LOVE CAFE NINO.
If you're lucky enough to walk in while Nino is working (he's usually there before 2PM on most days), he'll rattle out the day's specials he has on the line with unparalleled enthusiasm. It's usually breaded veal with marsala or marinara, some kind of chicken, eggplant parmesan, and some other special of the day, with your choice of massive sides: a slice of lasagna, a powerful serving of ziti, or if you are, again, lucky enough to walk in early enough, Nino's started doing tortellini in alfredo sauce on Fridays. I come here enough to know exactly what to expect on my weekly visit, but I love nothing more than hearing this classic salesman pitch of all of the food items. The employees I've encountered in odd hours are equally as enthusiastic, and I'd love to sit in on an interview if they ever have to hire again, just to see how that goes.
It's more of a cafeteria style dining experience, and it's cash only, so be aware of that. The specials are prepared in batches and placed on a heating tray, but they often move fast enough that you have a good chance of getting a freshly-prepared item. However, during off hours, the quality of the food may be suspect.
Apart from the specials, Cafe Nino has a bigger menu with lots of made-to-order stuff. If you want a slice of pizza that's not currently prepared, they'll hook it up, fresh, but you're gonna wait a little bit. The pizza's alright ... not my favorite, but I've only had it by the slice, never as a whole, fresh one prepared, so I can't judge. I'm also super into the Philly cheesesteak they make, and if someone wants to say it's "not a real Philly" because provolone is used, yo, you've got a bigger problem beyond authenticity, because you're missing out on a great thing.
Order first, pay later. Prices are a bit more than what I like to pay for a lunch (getting any of the specials from the line will run you about $11), but the portions are massive, and the service is amazing. If Nino's ringing you up, and if you're a cool dude, you might get offered a styrofoam cup of red wine "for digestion," free of charge, because Nino loves his customers.
I could go on for a super long time about this place, and, really, I apologize if this all sounds like a paid endorsement, but don't pass up Cafe Nino!I was in need of dinner for me and my boyfriend. We were starving and didn't want to wait the length of time it would normally take for takeout or dine in. My roommate recommended This place and it was exactly what I was looking for.  The food was pre made in a buffet style so I was served within minutes. I got the stuffed catfish. Not the highest quality, but it was delicious! It's a lot of food because it came with a side of lasagna which could have been a meal itself. My boyfriend got the baked pasta with meatballs and also really enjoyed it. Would definitely recommend to friends.Great place with sort of a "dive bar" feel. Tried the lasagna and chicken parm, both were scrumptious. Garlic bread was good too. Portions are huge so make sure you bring your appetite! 
The guy behind the counter was very friendly. Great little laid back spot for some good italian food. Haven't tried their pizza yet but it looks promising. Will definitely be returning.I didn't realize that their food is pre-made and out in a buffet style behind the counter like Sbarro's. Not that there's anyting wrong with that. I'm assuming the owner is from the Philly area since he calls his "po-boys" hoagies. He's likely not from NYC cuz we call them "heroes" there. 
Had their pizza (because I'm a pizza freak from the NYC area) and their baked ziti.
Pizza was good for New Orleans. Closest thing to NYC pizza I've had in NOLA. In NYC, it would pass as a average slice. It is way pricey for the size ($3 for a small slice). Their baked ziti wasn't great, but it was ok. prices for the pasta are fair and i will be going back to try the other dishes.Could easily be in Brooklyn, Boston, Providence, or Philly. Great pies, pasta, and cheese stakes. Pasta plates are reasonably priced but don't go very far. Nice family run business. Cheese stakes are the best this side of the Appalachians.This place is everything that others say it is - good, bad, gross, and a violation of health codes all rolled in to one. I go here once every 4-6 months or so (mainly because I forget about ). 
You do bus your own table and there is no bar for sanitation, its basically a rundown building that an italian guy opened up and decided to fix authentic New York style italian food"to appeal to the naive N.O residents. 
As long as you know what youre getting in to, youll probably enjoy it. I defintiely recommend at least trying it; you'll probably enjoy it...or not.Planning a trip to New Orleans, so I checked yelp to see if Nino was still around (we lived nearby in the 90s). So glad he is still there and I REALLY enjoyed reading these reviews. Loved this place, loved Nino, and can't wait to go back when we are back in town.Cafe Nino would really be more of 2 star joint to me except it has a unique New Orleans Dive personality so it gets extra points for the sheer uniqueness and the fact the owner is usually around giving it some character. This is a good basic place for some quick Italian.  It's more of a cafeteria style joint where you pick out one (or more) of the entrees that is available that day (and on display in hotplates) and you then take your tray (with your paper plate and plastic utensils) to your table.  It is all self-service and the environment is a very basic dive type aesthetic.  The portions are usually good but the price is a bit high for the environment (especially when they only take cash).  
Usually (but not always) the owner will offer you an after dinner drink (typically white or red wine) as you're leaving.  This certainly isn't a place to just hang out or bring a date to impress them (over a classy paper plate meal) but it has always been consistently decent food.  I've been here many times but I've never been here when it is crowded so it seems to always be a safe bet for some decent quick food if you're in a hurry.Great food, but overpriced. I wish I could eat here more often, but the food alone doesn't justify the price. I only eat here when I'm willing to pay the "hankering" tax.Nino's is my favorite "no-frills "Italian place in New Orleans. (If you want fancy/classy, stop reading and go to Domenica http://www.yelp.com/biz/domenica-new-orleans). 
I have been to some amazing and delicious Italian restaurants down here--even the fanciest ones---and nothing beats it for quick yummy comfort food. Nino's food is real, homestyle Italian food, the way Italian grandmothers used to make it in Brooklyn. 
Going out to a nice restaurant and being waited on is a great experience, so don't go here for that. 
One of my favorite things about this place is the homemade red sauce! Its perfect and sweet and there are no words to describe it except that, despite its apparent simplicity, it is better than anywhere. The pizza is also amazing. New Yorkers: you understand me. Pizza should be thin. The crust should be crunchy but just a bit doughy by the crust. The sauce should be plentiful but not overpowering and the cheese must be hot and melty and oozing off as you take a delicious bite. 
He has great lasagna, its simple--no frills, no fancy stuff.  His chicken marsala is good but I prefer the parm. 
Dinner is cheap (under 10$ a plate) and GENEROUS PORTIONS. 
Nino himself is really sweet and nice, and all the guys who work behind the counter are nice and attentive. It's not white-glove service but they're awesome and friendly and the whole thing has the old-timey Brooklyn neighborhood "everybody knows everybody" kind of feel! He will remember you every time you come back!! 
Also: a previous reviewer said that the Eggplant parmesan was "mushy and overcooked". This could not be further from the truth. Nino cooks it the real, old Italian way...he soaks the eggplant and lets the bitter juices come out. He does not bread it and fry it--thats how most chefs attempt to disguise the eggplant--because he makes the eggplant so tender and sweet, it is divine. Topped with his sauce and cheese, it is melt in your mouth amazingness. Hands down my favorite thing to get here. This is one of the meals I crave the most and I often have to go and get my fix!Best pizza in town. The crust is to die for. A hidden gem. Super cozy. Super staff. A superior super superness.This place is WOW!  A great dive joint!
From the looks of it you wouldn't know what great food they have here. We haven't been disappointed here yet we have gone several times and the pizza is great. We even ordered a few of them for our daughters birthday parties before.
The menu can change depending on what they want to cook that day but haven't had a dish i didn't like, even though most of the time i'm trying their veal dish that they cook in variety of was, my wife is the pasta eater and kids love the pies/ pizza.
Friendly staff always can hold a good conversation. 
This place is cash only so be prepared or you'll have to take a walk to nearest ATM.My husband had been coming here for a few months and has been gushing about the great food and the outstanding Mr. Femi.
The food did not disappoint and Femi is the sweetest man ever.  So funny with a great laugh. We ended up having a great time reading the Yelp reviews believe it not! He will from now on be known as "the guy" based on the positive reviews. 
Now this is a dive bar, nothing fancy. Don't expect table service and white table cloths. It's Cafeteria style on paper plates and grab your own beer fridge. But I don't remember loving the food in school as much as I did here.  Just good and simple italian food with a rotating menu and a little New Orleans twist - catfish of course!
If you go in,  make sure to ask Femi: are you "the guy"?I went here for the first time last night and IT WAS AMAZING!  I grew up in South Jersey (about 10 minutes from South Philadelphia) which just means that I know what Italian food is supposed to taste like. 
I have spent the past 6 years looking for a REAL CHEESESTEAK outside of the Delaware Valley area and I have FOUND IT.
This place was exactly what I would expect walking into a little mom and pop shop in South Philly! 
There are only two guys there, everything is laid out for you to see before you eat it, they take the extra dough and roll it up with some garlic and call them knots, they know the difference between a calzone and a stromboli, their pizza has the proper cheese to sauce ratio so that if you tilt it while hot all the cheese will melt off. Their chees =steaks are correct, they don't resemble a poboy and they are not flavored with tony c's or another other nonsense for that matter. BREAD, CHOPPED STEAK, ONIONS, PEPPERS, CHESSE AND PLENTY OF GREASE! Just they way they should be. 
This is where I will go when I fwant a cheesesteak or just need some real red sauce (none of this watered down sugary nonsense that passes at most places in nola).
Oh yeah, if you can't deal with this place because it isn't 'up to code' then don't bother ever going to Philadelphia let alone trying to eat at a place that will make you real pizza.Cafe Niño is a family-run authentic Italian cuisine. Hands down, the best pizza in New Orleans. You can order a whole pizza, or take several slices already made, to go. They offer weekday specials with various hot meals already made (cafeteria style) and ready to be served. Chicken or eggplant Parmigiana or Veal, Chicken Cacciatore, Chicken Marsala, Catfish, hoagies, calzones, salads, etc. But best of all is the pizza. The service is incredibly friendly-- it's going to be one of three: the owner, his son, or the cool black guy. Remember: cash only! I learned my lesson during my first trip, but they let me have my meal on the house, providing I came back and payed the following visit. I've returned more than a several dozen times since!I eat here often and have NEVER had a bad meal! the pizza is excellent! the service is fast & always very friendly. the red sauce could be the best I've ever had. other than the actual building I have nothing bad to say about this place. hearing that they're closing makes me really sad!"whadduya want, waht kind of meat.  I got veal, chicken, sausage, or some kind of pork here, i think.  I think so, that's what it is."
"Allright there, you got your choice of two pastas. I got lasgne with red sauce, i got spinach lasagne, and i got pasta with red sauce."
Then he'll apply parmasagne with the hand that just stubbed out a marlboro.
Love this place.After a few restaurant mishaps, I ended up here on Valentines night all dressed up, much to my initial disdain. However, don't let the grimy hole-in-the-wall appearance throw you off. Cafe Nino offers an old-country charm that can be difficult to find. 
The owner and his son (Italian in every sense) are usually behind the counter and will do everything they can to make you feel welcome as they dish up delcious (and authentic) Italian food on Styrofoam plates. For $10, you get a giant plate of meat and side dish (pasta) that is definitely good for two meals.
My Valentine and I had a true-to-life "Lady and the Tramp" dining experience and I would be happy to go back again... maybe in jeans.Some of my favorite pizza in town. Also always has great dishes ready to eat, I love the crabmeat smothered catfish. This place is literally a shabby dirty hole in the wall. But Nino & his son are almost always there & are so friendly & generous you forget all about the rickety tables & dingy walls. Never had a bad meal hereWell folks, here goes my heaping praise on Cafe Nino..
My wife and I had read the reviews, and were eager to try Nino..
It did not disappoint. 
My wife had the Calzone, with Spinach and ample Ricotta, and I had the Stromboli, 
Which was also, ample in stuffing and size.
This is the place to go to for tasty, quick Italian favorites..
Far and away, better than anyone else I have had in the NOLA area, and believe me, 
I have had them all.
If you are a northern transplant, looking to recreate the "Little Italy" flavor found in cities like Boston , Chicago, NYC, and others, then Ninos, is your place to go..
The prices are amazing, the gravy was Ta Die Fuh!!
Try it, love it, let me know..
Always yer Big Easy Daddy....An incredible little Italian place! The food here is consistently awesome.
I am a huge fan of Cafe Nino because the food here is amazingly delicious! The pizza is thin-crust and some of the best pizza in the city.  Some other highlights on the menu: The chicken parmesan is superb. The lasagna is excellent. The philly cheese steak sandwich is tops in the city. 
The restaurant itself is worn down and in need of repairs but the pleasant workers, huge portions, and amazing food blind you from the deterioration. Awesome food in an unassuming place....exactly what I love!!Omg this place is amazing! Anyone complaining about the "service" here is just crazy... what do you expect from a little shack in a parking lot?! Waiter service? Ha. No never! I'm quite sure this place is in violation of several health codes but it doesn't matter because the food is absolutely fantastic... furthermore, the price is totally right. I don't know about the pizza, but Nino's hot Italian dishes are amazing and authentic. Nino explains the daily selection of dishes, you pick and choose and he serves you on the spot. So easy! The veal parmisian is delicious and the chicken picatta sauce is honestly heaven. Nino stacks the paper plates full of food and then adds a heaping side dish of pasta. The meat lasagna is fantastic! For a delicious, cheap and quick meal, I can't recommend this place more.Ever order pizza and get bread with cheese in the shape of a circle? That is NOT Nino. Best pizza for 100 miles! And everything else is great too! Bring cash!A five-star run down hole-in-the-wall (the very best kind)!
We drove past Cafe Nino on the way to another restaurant... and turned around so I could introduce my S.O. to the best Italian in the city.  The food is pre-made and heated within moments of ordering.  My guy was 100% sold on the chicken marsala and I think he even regretted ordering the lasagna because he wanted more of the marsala (though he also really enjoyed the lasagna).  He thought the complimentary splash of wine post-meal was unique, and got a kick out of Nino's thick Italian accent.  I even shared a small bite of my thick crust pepperoni pizza, which was also really damn good!  Our meal with sodas was less than $20.  We will definitely be back sooner rather than later...We were hugry and looking for a little neighborhood spot to eat.  We found Cafe Nino and we are now officially fans of both Nino and the cafe.  We had arrived after the lunch time and they had run out of some food.  We had spinach lasagne that was exceptional, chicken parmesan that was the best we have had, eggplant parmesan which is made the way Mama makes hers and shells.  The wine was wonderful and came in a large to go cup.  The meal was served with a hot loaf of delicious bread and conversation with the charismatic owner and chef.   This is a true Italian home cooking establishment with no pretense.  The specials are a great value.  With all the food and two drinks we paid just over twenty dollars!  I can't wait to go back.Need to show someone what "hole in the wall" means?  
Take an old Steak and Egg Kitchen, add some years of age and deterioration, outfit the kitchen with real Italian food, and voila: Cafe Nino.
But look past the decor and treat yourself to a generous heap of lasagna, pasta, eggplant, veal, chicken, or beef in a genuine red sauce or another authentic Italian base.   The dishes are rich, flavorful, and much like what you might find at Vincent's or Tony Angelos, just not served on china.   Usually, there's a special available and those are worth considering. A recent example was a delicious spinach ricotta stuffed catfish.  
Pizza, available by the slice or made to order, is thin and crispy.  
The environment can be a little off-putting:  the sign is broken, the tables are old chipped Formica with hard benches, the floor is irregular.  A five year old on a recent visit declined to use the potty, explaining (in different words) that the impression she garnered from the decor did not bode well for what she might find in the restroom. (We did not use the facilities).  Her assessment might have been a little severe, though, as the place smelled clean and the stainless steel stoves and ovens are in clear view.  
Just don't expect any strolling musicians or gondola to pull up in back.  You can, however, get Miss Irene next door to do your taxes.After seeing a few of the other reviews I am beginning to wonder if I entered a different dimension than everyone else when I stopped by this place to eat last week.
First off, the guy who was working there was very nice and courteous. that's where the good experience stops.
We each had a slice of Pizza and garlic knots. The pizza was disgusting. Worst I have EVER had- and I sometimes will eat the frozen Tonitos. This was WORSE!!! The bottom was crispy and a little burned and the top was uncooked to the point where you could see the sprinkles of cheese because it was not sufficiently melted.
The garlic knots were simply dough tied in a knot with no garlic, oil or seasoning put on them at all. Not even a sprinkle of garlic, cheese, NOTHING!! This meal was nothing short of awful.
We were told about the specials and frankly they looked like they had been sat out for hours and hours. Gross.
Also, for what it was, this place was totally overpriced. 2 slices of pizza, garlic knots and 2 domestic bottles of beer cost us just under $20. Seriously.