Food is terrible and too expensive for how bad it is. Took over 2 hours for delivery. Rude on the phone when we called to see about our order status. Terrible decision to order from this place, never again.I'm rating this based on the service and not the food. I am a sales administrator at a hotel. Typically, many places offer a hospitality discount because we do refer guests different places. Front desk told me I should try this place as they give a decent discount. I called to place my order and wasn't really able to say what I liked b/c the girl who answered would cut me off to finish my statement.(she wasn't in the best mood) We get to the end of the order and she asks me am I a guest or an employee. I told her an employee. She asked my title. I told her. She gives me a total and I asked her about the discount. She says it's only for front desk. I'm shocked that this is a departmental thing 1 and 2 I'm thinking to myself, "I'm in sales. I get groups of people here. They ALWAYS asked for recommendations." I said well should I hang up and have front desk place my order? She huffed and puffed and then said "well i'll give it to you this time but please dont abuse it." I was so shocked at how rude she was. So when I finally got my food, I tipped the driver and gave him their menus back and said we will no longer be doing business with you guys. She didnt know SALES is in charge of who the front desk can recommend. Her name was Neisha.The food was good though.The location is cute and they were super quick with having my food ready. I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich and it tasted like a french bread pizza, so that's not great. They really missed the mark with that one. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat Cafe Roma, is what I'm saying.Ordered from here last night. The pizza was really good, the delivery time was fast and the driver was nice. I will be ordering in the future. Their cheese makes their pizza.I had some bad experiences here a few years ago and decided to try it again under the new ownership. I've been really happy with them now for delivery!
The margharita pizza is flat out awesome and one of the best white pizzas in town!   We really enjoy the baked wings too although the blue cheese dressing needs help, it's kind of cheap.  
My wife loves the feta cheese rolls and all the salads, especially the walnut salad are fresh and tasty. 
All in all, id say this place has recovered nicely and I love the order online feature.  I recommend this place as a great diver place and sincerely think ill keep ordering.  The delivery has gotten much faster and friendlier for sure!   If you want some Italian/pizza brought to you, try Roma!!Never been a big fan of this place. Food is very mediocre, nothing special by any stretch but our last experience with Cafe Roma was just ridiculous. 
We ordered online..waited an hour and then called to politely check on our order and got attitude by the person answering saying it typically takes 45 mins but its only been 59 mins. not an hour. Ok. So another 15 mins passes when my genius bf notices that he mis-typed his phone number so he calls to correct his mistake and was told that the food would not be coming. Period. We were shocked. Even without the phone number, they had our full address and we were not very far from the restaurant. They did not attempt to deliver, and had no intention of doing so. 
No excuse for such unprofessional service. Shame, shame, shame.The pizza was awesome-crisp crust and great taste. The Cesar salad was a little weak but the dressing was still good.This small Italian eatery is located just off Magazine street in the lower, much lower Garden District. I was here with a group of 7 and we sampled the salads and pizza for the most part. The pizza for New Orleans was not terrible, but not particularly great either. The salads were at best ok. The service was disorganized and the staff appeared overwhelmed even though it was only half full.There's nothing great or bad about this place.  Airy, open dining room, decent menu of pizzas and sandwiches including some veggie options.  Their sandwiches come on french bread, and they are HUGE.  Seriously just get a box with your order, I can't imagine finishing one.  The downside is no sides are included, but the hummus plate and fries were definitely enough to share.
I wouldn't seek Cafe Roma out, but if it's convenient and you're hungry, it's a nice spot.My girlfriend and I stopped there around 11PM on a Saturday night. The place was completely dead and we were the only people in the restaurant, so we figured we would get a better than average meal and service, based on many of the yelp reviewers.
The server was somewhat prompt and friendly, quickly taking our drink and meal orders. We were pretty hungry, so we ordered the hummus right away. It came out with some warm pita bread and a bunch of raw vegetables; the presentation left a lot to be desired, but it was decent.
Then came our main course. We ordered a pepperoni pizza with roasted garlic to share; in addition I ordered a chicken Parmesan sandwich, and my girlfriend ordered the Cajun chicken pasta. And this is where positive remarks can no longer describe the experience.
The pizza had a Chuck E Cheese cardboard crust that was rather unpleasant to eat. The sauce could have been good but there was so little of it, we couldn't really tell you. Pepperoni was OK, but the roasted garlic was cold (probably from a jar), tasteless, and piled high. Absolutely disgusting and unacceptable for almost $20. 
Next, I tried the sandwich, which was not a chicken Parmesan sandwich at all, but rather some grilled chicken from the freezer section chopped up into squares on a giant French roll. Again, there was almost no marinara sauce and cheese was scarce. Another big disappointment.
Finally comes the Cajun chicken pasta. I only tried a bite of the strange substance, which appeared to be comprised of the same chicken from the sandwich, an attempt at Alfredo sauce, red onions, and pickled jalepenos. It looked like something that comes out of your body, rather than something you put into it. The almost room temperature, overcooked pasta and overwhelming taste of raw onions soured my palette enough to get the check and head out ASAP.
What really put the final nail in the coffin, however, was the fact that my girlfriend became sick for two days after eating there, spending a good portion of our vacation in the bathroom. I would not recommend this place to anyone who values good food or sanitation.What a great place for a midnight snack! I really do mean that seeing as how we ordered everything at 11:55 at night here on vacation in the heart of New Orleans. 
We ordered the meat lovers pizza, a meatball sandwich and the artichoke sandwich. I swear when I say, each were better than the other! Then, you changed your mind over and over. In the end, we really couldn't decide on which dish was better. 
Anyway, we think the stars of their show was their bread and pizza crusts! So delicious! Oh, and their portions are enormous! [the bread! God! the bread! so warm, so moist, so crispy and absolutely delicious!]
In the end, not one person complained AND everyone went out of their way to double wrap their leftovers so they could finish it on the long road home to Albuquerque. Yup. The serving sizes really are that big!This was the WORST damn food I ever had I had four starving kids at the house after my food showed up late and my total was different than what GrubHub said it was, it was more in fact I had no fries with my burgers and the owner hung up on me several times I explained there were no fries and I had a diabetic child here and he told me she could eat the burger my son found a hair on his Burger and the anchovy pizza tasted like a piece of rubber I have pictures to show that we threw our food in the trash can there was a Squirt of some mayonnaise little bits of tomatoes and brown chunks of lettuce the guy on the phone who claimed to be the owner and manzger was the rudest piece of crap I've ever heard in my life. 44.00 for 3 sbitty burgers with no fries now its 11:30 and I'm ordering pizza from Papa John's so my child can eat and take insulin .I just had the Margherita Pizza  $11.50&up   Order
Slices of ripe tomato topped with fresh basil, olive oil, oregano and Parmigiana cheese. and wow, that was a good pizza.... exceeded my expectations... will definitely be back... nice atmosphere as well... can't wait to take the lady out for some wine and pie... :)I placed an order and was given a delivery time of 1.5 hours.  I called over 1.5 hours later to check on the status or the order, and was told it would be an additional 1.5 hours.  The person on the phone was incredibly rude to me.  I asked to cancel my order, because at this point, it was already well after when we expected the food to be delivered, and the person hung up the phone.  I am extremely disappointed in the experience I had with Cafe Roma.  I advise anyone considering giving Cafe Roma your business to not do so.  We ended up at Slice, and it was really great.  Great food and service, exponentially better than our experience with Cafe Roma.No liquor license, no carbonation, no red pepper flakes. I heard them telling people they were out of other things things. It's only Friday evening. Service was attentive but the atmosphere was pretty dismal. Fluorescent  bulb flickering, din of the TV on low. The food would have to be awesome to overcome. And it's just OK. BBQ chicken pizza was not bbq'd chicken it was just plain chicken chunks on top of bbq sauce. Shrimp Alfredo was just ok. Uses frozen shrimp, not enough saltExcellent!  After a long day of touring this was a gem.  Ordered 2 pasta dishes and 3 sandwiches.  Meatballs were tasty and well seasoned, bread was crunchy perfection - lots of meat, cheese and yummy marinara.   Delivery guy was super nice and earlier than expected.  This first generation New York Italian was impressed.  A must try!It's late (but not that late) on a Friday night. We're hungry. The lady doesn't want delivery, and I'm tired so we compromise and agree go to out if the place is within 4 blocks. 
Cafe Roma fits the bill so we think this is ideal. 
As we walked up to Cafe Roma, I had an "oh shit" moment because the cafe looked closed. All of those lovely, white-topped tables with crisp white paper waiting for food to be dribbled and splattered across...with a delivery guy watching TV and doing sidework. Yeah, looks closed, let's go home and order delivery, honey. 
No, it was open. Just very, very unbusy. Is that a bad sign? Don't know. 
We didn't order pizza. She had a salad (fine, fine) and dessert (lovely). I had the hummus app (bland and boring, but it's plentiful). The pizzas we saw trotting out of the kitchen were interesting and delicious so maybe we ordered the wrong thing. 
The dine-in service was a little ham-fisted with over-eager pep instead of my preferred understated confidence. (As a note here, I think the ideal attitude for a server is the aura of "Of course we can do that. Why do you even need to ask?" without actually saying it. Let me know that your kitchen is competent without actually telling me.) There was a lot of gushing from the server for what should be a casual neighborhood dig. Too much! Too much! Dive! Dive! Dive! 
Anyway, I'll try again with pizza and maybe delivery. 
Accessibility notes: Step up into the restaurant. Narrow doorway. Tables are crowded together so very little space to navigate. No braille menu or signage. The space can get loud at peak hours. No TTY/TDD for delivery ordering.Delicious and fairly inexpensive compared to many of the other places I dined in while in New Orleans. While my friends and I were here we dined on a ham, red onion, pineapple pizza and it is probably one of the best pineapple pizzas I have ever had. We also ordered two bottles of wine, salad, and an appetizer. I will definitely come back the next time I visit New Orleans.Kind of weird this one.
The review, not the place.
Chalkboard outside said $2.00 longnecks. Great deal. I go inside and it's like a 70's Italian restaurant.  Except Empty. It was about 5pm. 
The "bar" had no stools, it was all ..take drinks to the table kinda place. 
I was going to have lasagne or spaghetti and meatballs,  but since it was empty, I figured it might be frozen stuff. 
Decided on the pizza. Now I'm usually a typical sausage and mushroom or sausage and onion, or sometimes I go wild and get olives or spinach or something.  
I don't know why shrimp sounded good, but I ordered a medium Grilled Shrimp pizza. Supposed to be Grilled shrimp, onions, tomatoes and fresh basil with our garlic herb butter sauce.
The waiter came back and said they were out of basil. I said that's ok.
The pizza came. Ok, no basil, but there were only a flittering of tomatoes, no onion, and the shrimp wasn't grilled. That's missing alot. 
The crust was tasty and I could taste garlic.
The pizza was really good, the shrimp too (even though they were not grilled). 
I can imagine with all the ingredients IN PROPORTION  , and shrimp grilled this would be an AWESOME  pie.
Beer good and cold and cheap. I want to give 4 stars, but I'm knocking it down to 3 with all the missing stuff.Very good food and a relaxed atmosphere. We had the feta rolls, Cajun chicken pasta and the Creole shrimp pasta. All were very tasty! Would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal at a great price!This was a pleasant surprise. I didn't expect much because I had been disappointed by this place in the past. I actually stopped ordering a couple of years ago.  I really wanted shrimp pasta and decided to take a chance. The food ( shrimp pasta and salad) arrived 45 min after placing the order. The driver was funny and the food was tasty and hot. I will definitely order again.Overall a great dining experience.  When we sat down the waitress was busy so the other one jumped in and took our order. Pizza came out pretty quick and was really, really good. Waitress cep our glasses filled and were very friendly. Food prices were cheaper than expected.Very first meal in New Orleans, Annie insisted we had to go check out Cafe Roma. Although it was not quite the same location as she remembered, since there are a few Cafe Roma around town from what we were told by the waitress here, it was still pretty similar in her memory.
We kept circling this street corner for a few minutes, and I was sure the waitresses working there thought we were stalking, but for pete's sake we just cannot figure out how to get in here! The doors were too confusing!
Once we got past our touristy moments, we quickly shuffled inside and found our seats. The menu was simple, and our order was even more so. We ordered one medium classic Margherita pizza to share; the pizza eventually arrive, which seem slow since there were but three tables of lunch guests, us included. It was just big enough to pad our stomach until our big meal at dinnertime, so overall pretty good experience.Stopped in here for a quick bite after a long afternoon. We ordered a pepperoni pizza. It was okay. I mean, what can you really do to a pepperoni pizza to make it stand out? It came quickly when we ordered and the waiter was nice and friendly.This is the 3rd time ive tried Cafe Roma. I dont want to be that person, However all 3 times was horrible. The first 2 times I found hair in my food and it was laughed about by the waiter. This time i got take out , I got a salad, The chx was undercooked and seemed thrown togther. Missing the bread that normally comes with and waited to get my food for an additional 15 mintues even though i ordered it over the phone and waited 20 mins prior to that. I dont think i will ever go back. 3 strikes and im out.Great Italian food in the Lower Garden District. Fast, friendly. Attentive service.
Reasonably priced with large portionsWonderful service and Pizza!
They deliver to Worldmark Avenue Plaza!
Try the garlic shrimp pizza 5 stars aloneReally irritated for the fact that I just waited over an hour for the delivery for a pizza they say they don't make. Apparently you cannot simply go by what their menu says. To make things worse I ordered a pasta dish that was $6.95 on menu to be charged over $13 for it when they decided just to bring me that and not the pizza I ordered.  No apology from them and they made no attempt to make things right. Now I'm left really hungry and really cranky.Cafe Roma Update
They have cleaned the place up quite a bit since my last review.
The pizzas are always good and the Cesar salad is outstanding.
Beer selection is still very limited.  Parking is chancy.
All-in-all, we are occasionally dining here again.
The problem about which I complained has been improved.
RickOctober 2015
Tried this place twice  First time I decide to get a pizza.  They had online ordering available, and a good size menu of variety of pizza toppings, sandwiches, salads, and desserts.  I went with building my own because I couldn't change any of the toppings off their specials.  The only thing I didn't like about the pizza was the fresh basil.  It looked like burnt strips of food on the top, and it provided no extra flavor.  The bartender/waitress/to go order person was very nice, and accommodating.  She provided me a non-alcoholic beverage while I waited and started chatting me up about the football game on the TV screen.  
The 2nd time, I also used their online ordering but got a chicken parm sandwich instead.  The bread was slightly burnt on the top, the chicken was cut up into cubes and drizzled with marinara sauce, and there was more bread then filling to this sandwich.  
I think I'll stick with their pizzas.What a joke. I ordered food for delivery and they never showed. No updates on the app I ordered through, no email, no phone call, nothing. They had both my email AND phone number. They should at least have the decency to contact me if they aren't going to deliver my food.I ordered pizza from this place last night using the Yelp order service (paid by credit card).  About 10 minutes after the order was placed I was called by a woman who worked there making the pizzas to clarify an order.  20 minutes later my pizza came and all was good, tipped the delivery guy with cash.  Then about 30 minutes later he comes back and says that he was told it wasn't paid for.  He handed me his phone to speak with an irate woman who immediately started yelling at me for wasting her time and the delivery guy's time.  She was convinced I had not placed an online order and that I called the order in.  I could not convince her otherwise and she just kept yelling at me.  After a while I just hung up, checked my bank account to confirm I had actually paid with credit, then tipped the driver 10 bucks for having to deal with her.  Will not order from here again.Had take out delivered to work tonight which was awesome. Working nights makes it difficult to get anything beyond fast food. I ordered the chicken Alfredo. Delish. Tons of chicken and the sauce wasn't overly cheesy who h is what I prefer. Definitely will order here again.Terrible, terrible. I have ordered many times, but each time the quality has been slowly getting worse.
Saturday night order hummus, pizza with pepperoni and extra cheese. Was told in 35 minutes for delivery. I called and asked about my order, was told they are busy and I will get my order soon.
The delivery guy showed up 1 hour 10 minutes from when I called.
The pizza was Luke warm, had extra pepperoni and cheese. Incorrect order. The hummus was not all that good and the topping were just tossed into the container.
Avoid this place. Many other wonderful places to eat.
Thanks
MichaelOrdered spinach & pepperoni pizza tonight, a Friday. And these idiots put canned spinach on my pizza!!!! Who does that? I only ordered because a bunch of coworkers were doing the same and it's a busy Friday here at work. --I stopped ordering long ago when management changed and they put "Aaron" in charge. We ordered 6 or 7 pies; margherita, pep & sausage, cheese and a few others. And all of us were grossed out. I mean, pepperoni & spinach is about as basic as you can get; just sprinkle a little of the each on top and bake. WOW. Rocket science, right? My pizza was cold, salty & soggy. SHUT IT DOWNjust ordered the food and ate across the street.
good sandwiches, was disapointed with one of the salads I got but it was right before closeing....everything felt a little pricer...then it should be...
pretty dinning room...thought I never ate thereAn order was placed here when a big name pizza chain that shall not be mentioned couldn't deliver to us due to a flood!
We thanked the flood for our delicious order at Cafe Roma: pizza loaded with toppings (great sauce, slight bit of garlic), the spinach and artichoke dip, and spinach lasagne. 
Sad times when I forgot to tip the delivery man enough, and had to call the shop and see if he was still in the neighborhood so we could give him more money. He never came back. I haz guilt.Really not a person to gt frustrated easily.  Came for lunch two weeks ago on a Wednesday.  Service was really horrible. Place not busy maybe 5 tables at lunch.
Could not get a drink refill even when I took my empty glass to the bar to see if I could get someone to fill it.  That did not help.  Food ordered for our kids ages  9 and 13 was so spicy they could not eat. Waitress who seemed to be very spaced out did not even care.  I tasted it and I like spicy but even for me it was spicy.  Spaghetti and Fettuccine.  Pizza was over cooked and just plain bad.  We had to reorder food to get the kids fed. I would not recommend.  It was really terrible.  I would not ever go back.  Not angry just providing our experience.I ordered from here during mardi gras so i was just happy to be getting some food. I got a pasta dish...it said it came with angel hair but then i got spagetti so that was kind of disappointing. Overall, it's ok.Day 3 of our trip to NOLA, we were feeling pretty tired from all the constant eating and drinking, so we decided to stay in the hotel and order a pizza.  Online ordering was super easy, but apparently the online credit card system was down.  But the woman who called me about it was super nice and sent the pizza right away even though I didn't have my card with me at that time.  Delivery was prompt and the man was very nice.  The pizza was good and the salad came with... a slice of pizza!  Hah!Just ordered takeout and am so impressed!  Though Mardi Gras busy, both the woman on the phone and the man who delivered were super pleasant and polite!
My order took longer than usual (one hour total) but was perfect.  
Ive ordered here before and enjoyed Cafe Roma at friend's houses, but can honestly say I didnt remember Cafe Roma being this good! 
My pizza was cooked perfectly, with fresh vegetable toppings diced like I love!  The pizza was just, perfect.  The crust is thinner so its not all you taste, but not so thin its crispy either.  There was enough cheese to enjoy, but not greasy and didnt leave you feeling bloated and nasty either.
The hummus comes with fresh tomatoes, red onions, cucumbers, black olives and super delicious pita.  The serving of hummus was so large, I was surprised by the weight of the container!  
Also, as silly as it sounds, I also enjoy that you can order online (I had to call to ask a question which is why I spoke to the woman mentioned above).  Impersonal perhaps, but sometimes you're hungry, tired, and with bad cell phone reception, just dont feel like talking on the phone.A bit pricey and the server was kind of rude but the pizza was good. The topping were fresh and the crunch on the crust was right on point.Café Roma gets a huge bump for delivering food to my house. The first time I ate here, I was underwhelmed to say the least. Most of the staff was busy doing their homework or something to serve the group of thirty I was with that night. The food was OK, but nothing to write home about. However, Café Roma totally redeemed themselves when they delivered food that both me and my parents could eat at 9pm after a long day of walking around the city. My dad enjoyed his spaghetti and salad, and my mom and I were pleased with our pizza. I actually feel like they provide better service in their delivery than they do with people dining in. In the actual restaurant I had to ask for things like napkins and silverware and they provide everything I need when they bring it to my door. 
Overall: Order delivery for solid food brought to you - 4 stars  
 Don't waste your time eating in - 2 stars (go down Magazine for better food)I ordered dinner twice from Cafe Roma through the Eat24 app. On both occasions, I ordered their Combo Pizza. It's relatively tasty. Lots of toppings, including sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, green peppers and black olives. The crust is neutral - not particularly bad, not particularly good. The sauce is too scant but it has a good flavor. The amount of toppings was a good portion. This is a good pizza in a pinch. If you're looking for a delicious pizza, this won't fit the bill but it will cancel out hunger pangs. 
This time, I was craving chocolate, so I opted for dessert too. I ordered their Not-so-seductive chocolate cake. The portion appeared to be less than a full piece of cake; like the bottom half was left on the cake plate by the person packing my order for delivery. They figure, it's a delivery so who's gonna complain...? The bottom half was shy, light, lacking. Also, this cake tasted like grocery store bought Devils food cake. Pass on this dessert.The combo pizza is absolutely delicious.  I don't know how these people manage to make pizza distinct but trust me is worth the price!This place used to be good, been patronizing it since it opened, but no more.  Last night received ice-cold pizzas delivered for the third and last time.  I live about 10 blocks from the place; I always tip at least 20% to the delivery guy, and I don't order at unreasonable times like Super Bowl Sunday or March Madness.  Last night was just a Tuesday.   I called to complain and the ditz answering the phone said: "Well I told you it was going to be 45 minutes!"  (...yeah but you didn't say it would be sitting on the counter for 35...) She then begrudgingly put me on hold for the manager, and after 5 minutes I was disconnected.    In case they haven't noticed, there are alot of new pizza places popping up in this neighborhood.  Next time I need about $50 worth of pizza, I'll order it from someplace that gives a damn.I had the shrimp and linguini delivered to my hotel yesterday and it was hot and soooo good.  The alleged French bread was a slice of cheese pizza. *side eye*. I assume they ran out of French bread?The meal was a little underwhelming, though it was not bad and the prices, particularly for the huge sandwiches, are fair.  We made the mistake of walking here from the French Quarter because I did not properly evaluate the scale on the map I was looking at; it took about forty minutes and I think that soured me a bit.  The place was nicer than I expected though.Thank you Cafe Roma for a good experience. I ordered delivery through eat24 and received email confirmation. Was quoted 45-60 minutes which I've found to be a standard quote and is consistent with a lot of restaurants up and down Magazine St- although more often then not food is there in 30 minutes or less on slow nights/times. The nice part about the online ordering is your able to track time and include a tip if paying with card, although I would prefer to be able to enter my own % instead of the presets- especially if I don't have cash on me. The friendly driver arrived in 29 minutes and my order was correct. For around $30 with tip and delivery fee: 
I dined in my sweatpants on Shrimp Linguine and Feta Rolls.
Linguine was steaming hot and huge. It came with a good looking Caesar salad and a slice of cheesy bread. ample shrimp. Perfect for sharing or leftovers. 
Feta Rolls perfectly flaky and cheesy, although I wish I would have ordered extra marinara, but I think you'd have to call in for that.
Togo containers were Styrofoam boxes and clean. Pasta came in a foil pan, in the box which kept things neat and if you want to bake your leftovers your set. included a fork and napkins. I would've liked some chili peppers, a knife and spoon, but whatever- I'm just being lazy for not using my own. 
It was my first time ordering delivery and/or eating from Cafe Roma and I will order from them again. They are open late and fill a niche in terms of cravings, delivery area (I live between Napoleon and Jefferson Uptown), and price per portion. Is it my favorite Italian food in New Orleans? unfortunately not- but I will order from them again. I'm a sucker for chicken tenders and curious about they're other offerings.Cafe Roma is my favorite pizza place of all time. The pizza is BOMB. My sister from out of town always wants to come here.
Any pizza you get will be awesome, but you can't go wrong with cheese. It's amazing.
I wish I could comment on the other food, but I haven't actually tried anything else. It's really nice to sit outside when the weather is good.Great setting  & atmosphere..  Food is bland.  Pizza similar to frozen from grocery store heated @ home.  Service is adqeuate.  The whole place seems so random though.  Could/should  be so much more......There are very few restaurants that deliver in the Lower Garden District, so despite having heard bad things I decided to order a pizza from Cafe Roma for delivery at about 9:00 PM on a Sunday night when there were virtually no options (and it was Cinco de Mayo so everything seemed more jammed than usual).  Eventually the pizza arrived around 10:15 PM and I hve to say that it was amazingly bland and nondescript.  The crust was medium thickness and completely devoid of any flavor much less adding texture.  I couldn't taste the tomato sauce at all and the toppings were not great plus they were incredibly sparse.  In full disclosure, I haven't eaten at the restaurant so I can't comment on the overall experience but after this delivered pizza I don't ever plan to set foot in this place.  They advertise homemade dough and the "highest quality ingredients" but I would honestly rather have pizza on Bourbon Street than eat from Cafe Roma again.  And that's saying a lot.Placed an order over the phone, it's been over an hour and a half and I haven't received my food yet. Customer service over the phone was very rude and he hung up on me when I asked where my food was. Stay far away.We loved the feta rolls for starters. The shrimp linguini is excellent with pasta cooked al dente just the way we liked it and great fkavour.  The magharita pizza and pesto pizza with artichokes have great crust and plenty od cheese and artichokes. Service is excellent.  She recommended her favourites and we were not disappointed.  She's patient and attentive. And best of all we got parking right in front of the restaurantWe ate here last night and will definitely keep coming back!  I ordered shrimp linguine with spinach and it was fantastic.  They serve a slice of pizza along with the pasta...so you can't possibly leave hungry!  
It was a great to find such a good Italian so close to our new homeThe spaghetti and meatballs are delicious.. The marinara sauce had a little Cajun kick to it to make it bring a smile to my face ...;)Good Pizza, great Sandwiches. Nice big open dining room, even tho it always seemed we were the only ones there. They delivered to us at the bar across the street. Always good stuff.We walked down Sophie Wright Place yesterday evening, 9/27, and Cafe Roma appeared to be closed, as in out of business.  No lights, no tables, no chairs.  I don't understand how some Yelper could complain about the quality of delivery service yesterday, since it appears there Is absolutely no activity at that location.
I'm still giving it 5 stars for the many good meals and friendly service we received there.Service was pushy and and uninformed. When I ask how many inches the pizzas were the server said small/medium/large. I said I realize that but again how many inches or how many people are they recommended for. The answer was I don't know it's like dominos. Lol seriously that's your answer...learn your job. The food was average, the restaurant was empty when we were there yet the waitress rusher us to order and the smacked the bill down before we were done eating without asking if we wanted anything else. The place needs a manager and some trained staff. The food was fairly simple but good. The fact that they offer constant groupons makes it worth considering but without the reduced pricing I would go elsewhere.It sucked that my hotel didn't have room service & this delivery place was the only option available. They told me that they'll be here by 10:46PM, but I'm sitting in the lobby still waiting at 11:33PM. After that I got a text & they told me they made a mistake with the delivery time. Overall, it took about 2 hours for them to deliver my food. My pizza and chicken wings weren't good at all & in fact, it was a little cold. Very disappointed.If you're staying in the French Quarter, avoid all of the dodgy pizza places and have this one delivered. The pizza was excellent and don't get me started on the chocolate cake. Quick delivery too! 
Pick Cafe Roma for all of your pizza needs! :-)Cafe Roma, you deserve better. I keep meaning to update this review because yum! 
After sampling some of the trashy fare this city has to offer, I keep coming back to Cafe Roma for their amazing pizza. The medium is perfect for two + breakfast left-overs, and their toppings are fantastic. No, this isn't the best pizza in the city...but at this price, it doesn't have to be. Cafe Roma's pizza is in the same range as the big names (Domino's, Papa John's, Pizza Hut...ugh!) but much, much higher quality. Why order from one of the faceless chains when I can order from a local place and get something that tastes like real food? 
The restaurant space still has a slight air of "We are desperate to keep this business open", but it has relaxed over the year I've been dining in. The service has also relaxed, even though the waitresses maintain a good amount of pep. Since I live in the neighborhood, I end up walking down at least once a month. It's worth the walk. 
Accessibility notes: Step up into the restaurant. Narrow doorway. Tables are crowded together so very little space to navigate. No braille menu or signage. The space can get loud at peak hours. No TTY/TDD for delivery ordering, although the website offers online ordering.We have ordered from them many times on Sundays. The food is OK - they make their own bread - however, delivery can take a long time and in the past we've been charged a double delivery fee for multiple orders going to one address, which is annoying. I ordered the veggie spinach sandwich yesterday, which was okay, but they forgot to include the garlic dipping sauce that allegedly comes with the sandwich. Overall, middling to disappointing depending on the day, but as one of the only sandwich delivery places in the Irish channel, you have to go with what you got. Next time, I'm sticking to the salads.Ordered pizza for delivery--everything was as expected. Not mind blowing, better than reginellis for sure, not as good as magazine pizza. Delivery was very fast and the woman on the phone was very kind/patient. Price was a little startling for what was delivered. Overall, would definitely order again, but not the favorite.The food is GREAT but the service is horrible. They can't get the order straight plus the new person they hired is incredibly rudeHorrific!!!! Did not deliver and hung up the phone on me 7 times. Terrible customer service! Told me I was harassing them when trying to find out where the food was at 11:00pm!!! That is too late to eat!!! Was supposed to be delivered so much earlier! I'm sooooo upset right now!!! I was standing on the streets of New Orleans like a stupid idiot in my pjs! So dangerous! They knew I am a woman and still allowed this charade to continue! I'm looking into pressing charges. They didn't even offer me money back! I have all phone calls logged...absolute shit show!!!Was visiting New Orleans for 4 days.  We were extremely tired one night, so we ordered in.  Had a meat pizza from Cafe Roma delivered.  It took about 1 hour due to Mardi Gras parades had alot of the streets closed off.  Best pizza I have ever had.  It was so cheesy and not greasy at all.  Definitely will eat there again!So satisfied right now. Caesar salad dressing is banging. Manicotti is delicious. They deliver to the quarter. Bonus!I've been eating Cafe Roma pizza pretty much ever since I can remember.  It's the formative brick oven pizza in my mind.  
I think their white pizza / garlic bread is the best EVER, and I think the first time I had any toppings besides pepperoni was their spinach & feta pie.Our last night in New Orleans and we decided to order in. Per the Eat24 app, the food was suppose to be delivered within 60 minutes. After an hour, we called the restaurant and we were told the food was on the way. The food didn't show up for another hour! 
On top of that, the food order was incorrect. Really disappointed. As a company that has delivery, you should focus on getting the food out on time and make sure the orders are correct. Based on multiple other reviews, this seems to be a repetitive problem that is harming your business.I can't believe I found this little place 3 days into my trip!! Fan-freaking-tasting! A local neighborhood place that is just wonderful! Great food, great ambiance! Great service!! Just GREAT!!Man oh man! where do I start? I was just in NO for about 4 days and discovered Cafe Roma on my last full day there. Hands down the best pasta I HAVE EVER HAD in my life. I strongly suggest the Cajun Chicken. I was so full but kept willing myself to eat more. The portion was large and could feed about 3 people. I raved so much about it that I think my friend got annoyed with me. The waitress was very pleasant and attentive to us. Kinda tough to locate the place though. But trust me, it's all worth it.I travel alot and I always eat local when I'm staying somewhere.  Pizza is one of those things you kinda take for granted.  I like Dominos, Papa Johns and the Hut, but when I truly want something special, I look up the local mom and pop places to order from....
Cafe Roma has been excellent in the three separate stays I've had here in NOLA.  The order arrives quickly.  The pizza is top notch with its ingredients, and the crust is buttery as if they bake this hand tossed crust in butter (not sure if they do, but if thats what they do, then I can certainly tell).  I order from them everytime I'm here on business and just don't feel like going out on the town.  Great pizza, great service, I highly recommend Cafe Roma.  www.caferomatuptown.comI am updating to note that:
1) We always order from the one in Metairie so I suppose my review should really be with them.
2) I fantasize about that spinach lasagne in the worst way.The waiter knows me whenever I walk in there and asks me how I'm doing and actually LISTENS and chats. Sometimes it's months before I go back and he still remembers me.
The feta cheese rolls are the reason I kept coming back.
One time they ran out and I told him I was disappointed because I was craving them so badly. He said, "Hold on...let me see what I can do for you."
A worker ran to some market and they told me it would be like 10 minutes extra, but they made them for me and they were as awesome as ever!
Everything is yummy, but I don't care for the eggplant sandwich. Not my thing. I advise you to NOT get it.
I miss this place and it was a treat to pop in and know that I was about to get some awesome, affordable food.
It's also nice to go to Coliseum Park, especially when they do movie-viewing on the big screen and you can walk there with a box of leftovers and snack out.The spinach sandwich I had from Cafe Roma deserves five stars all to itself. It was just delicious, cheesy, oniony, garlicky win, even if my wife didn't let me kiss her until I'd brushed my teeth several times afterward. Guys, it was worth it.
Apart from that, Cafe Roma has my little pizza-eating heart because of several facts:
-Their vegetarian options (like the aforementioned spinach sandwich) are real options! Their spinach pizza is a thing of beauty, and when you add feta cheese to their pesto artichoke pizza, it's perfection.
-Chocolate seduction cake. It deserves the name, let's leave it at that.
-They deliver! Helpful hint: their online ordering system doesn't recognize credit card info, so even if you've dutifully filled in all the little boxes, they'll still have to call you and ask for your credit card info over the phone. HOWEVER! If you simply include it in the special request box on checkout, they'll be able to bypass this step, ensuring that you get your pizza even faster. How cool is that!I'm appalled by how rude the employees at Cafe Roma are.  Delivery took over an hour and when I called the man on the phone couldn't give me and estimate on timing and was so rude.  All he said was that it was raining (DUH).  Good food, but poor service, I will probably never order from them againStumbled across this place on a walking tour in the garden district. Great food and very generous portions. Definitely recommend this place! Try the hummus plate. It's a meal on its own.We are on a mission to try every restaurant in our neighborhood. We had yet to try Cafe Roma so we went and were surprised to see the place empty at 5:30 on a Friday. We stood at the door to be seated and the staff totally ignored us. Three of the staff looked up and made eye contact but not a soul said a word or made any movement towards us. So after this cold reception we went around the corner to another restaurant we had not tried. IT was packed and the meal was excellent! So we thank you for that it least!I'm originally from the east coast and really into Pizza. Cafe Roma is the best pizza spot I've found. Salads are pretty good too and the staff is super friendly.