The cafe was extremely cute. We came at 8am and they even had a jazz band playing at that time. I got the breakfast sandwich and it was delicious. I loved how they rolled the egg and put the bacon pieces inside. Great price for a filling breakfast!Best iced latte and beignet we tried. The live music also creates a great atmosphere. We also visited Cafe du Monde but in our opinion Cafe Beignet is much better. The service is also very good and there are hardly ever lines.A nice alternative to Cafe du Monde, the beignets were as good if not better. But the real kicker was NO line! 
It was a calm little oasis on Bourbon St. Granted at 8:30 am the street is empty besides garbage men & street washers.
We were there early on a holiday, so we didn't get to experience any live music, sadly.
We did have a full breakfast as well, sharing a crawfish omelet & Cajun hashbrowns. Neither was anything to write home about, but really when your name has Beignet in it, does the other stuff really matter?5 stars on the beignets.  3 huge beignets for $2.69.  I'm not really sure why each batch needs 1 pound of powdered sugar, but no matter it was delicious fresh out of the fryer. I eat beignets at cafe du monde, but glancing at cafe du monde's, they are $0.50 more, but a lot bigger per order.  And there's not a 1 hour line at cafe beignet like there is a cafe du monde.  We went there twice in once day!Cafe Beignet and Musical Legends Park offers a great reprieve from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street. If you're still looking to drink while listening to some live jazz, the bar has got you covered with cocktails and alcoholic slushes. 
My boyfriend and I popped by on a Monday night around 8pm for some beignets to compare to the ones we had over at Cafe Du Monde. Beignets here are $3.99 for three. We ordered pretty quickly and were able to snag one of the few empty tables. While the service was incredibly slow, we found ourselves mostly distracted by music and just basking in the ambience. 
The beignets were fantastic- came freshly fried and hot with healthy dustings of powered sugar. I would have liked more sugar, but it was perfect for my boyfriend. We also got a southern comfort mango slush to share, which was pretty good and felt solidly packed with alcohol.Tucked in behind a number of other establishments, this is the place to go when you want your bad-for-you-but-oh-so-delicious fix. The menu is pretty straightforward, and if you're like almost everyone else you'll get the grab bag of three beignets doused liberally in powdered sugar.
Yum.Good price and hive atmosphere. Beignets are way better than cafe du monde, though you still need to go there too so you can say you've been there. Great mocha and brown sugar praline cookie here too. Nice music in the courtyard. Check it out!Amazing atmosphere! Everybody tries to get you to go to cafe du monde, but don't write off cafe beignet! The awesome live band drew me in. The staff was super friendly, and the beignets and pralines are ridiculously good!!!In NOLA on business this week and had to make a stop here based on reviews and actually ended up stopping twice here during the week. Plus, this place was super close to our hotel so it made it a logical spot to dine.
Since all of our meetings have been later in the day and catered, we are given lunch, but we have had to go on our own for breakfast/dinner each day. Tuesday was our first stop in at Café Beignet (311 Bourbon Street). To no surprise, this place was jam packed and we're guessing that most of these people here are tourists (after all, this is Bourbon Street and we are from out-of-town ourselves). 
All of the menu items are less than $10 and are all very tasty. I had the Cajun Hashbrowns on Tuesday and loved them so much that I returned again this morning to have them again. The "Southern Breakfast" (eggs, grits, bacon and bread) also looks good, but the hashbrowns had me coming back for more. They are loaded with Andouille sausage, onions and peppers and served with a side of scrambled eggs and bread. 
Had never sampled a beignet (NO-style donut with powdered sugar) and ordered one to go with my breakfast. Then another. And a third. Holy cow, these things are addictive!
The coffee is good as well. Hey, we're from Minnesota and we like good, strong coffee. 
There might be better places to get breakfast in the French Quarter but Café Beignet successfully filled our bellies during our stay in New Orleans. Thanks for the food and great service. If there is a line, it is WORTH the wait.Breakfast was vile, everything tasted like grease!Stumbled across the set back, sidewalk cafe on a lovely, sunny afternoon. Plopped down with our beers from next door, and took in the jazz band that was playing under a tent. The waterfall that greets you as you walk into the courtyard is a nice touch. We cam back the next day, had some drinks (full bar there folks) and although they serve sandwiches and light snacks, we tried some beignets. They were excellent. Never had better. 
It's a quaint little outdoor area that can't be missed. Either soaking up some sun during the day, or sitting back and relaxing while enjoying the live at night.This place does make very good beignets and is tucked away in a nice courtyard and has live music on Bourbon St. However, it just seriously does not come even close to Cafe du Monde. It's also pricier at $4.50 for 3 beignets. The texture is just not quite the same - it's more doughy and sticky. Still delicious thoughRight next to the police station in the grand old state bank building -- almost missed it. Has a hole-in-the-wall look, especially from the outside, but is actually quite deep and spacious. Quaint French cafe feel. The waiters were friendly and the beignets just right. Also had a pretty good crawfish omelette. Perfect breakfast spot. Once you get to Cafe du Monde and realize what a scam it is, be sure to come here instead!I actually think the beignet here were better than Cafe Du Monde.  They were lighter and fluffier.  However, they were also WAAAAY bigger.  I'm fairly certain that one person should never eat three beignet at a sitting anyway, but the idea of eating three of these gives me sugar shock.  We split an order, and I still couldn't finish.
That's not really a complaint, though.  Just be aware that, if you're going for beignet, you should bring an appetite - and two friends.  Anyway, we stumbled across this little gem while we were wandering around the French Quarter, trying to figure out what we wanted to eat.  The atmosphere is wonderful - the Cafe sits at the back of an open courtyard, with tables (some under a patio), and on Friday night, there were musicians playing jazz.  The music carried well, without being so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation.  I believe if you went up the stairs, there was a bar up there (although, probably another establishment).  I'm tempted to give this place five stars for the atmosphere alone, but a restaurant is more than atmosphere.  It was a wonderful way to spend a Friday evening.
Other than the beignet, the food was fine.  It was nothing spectacular, but I got a pretty good club, and my fiance got a pretty good roast beef po'boy.  My bread was a little stale - it happens.  It seemed like we had to wait an awfully long time for the beignet to come out.  I know they're fried fresh, but I've also made them before, and I know it doesn't take 15 minutes.  Overall, I had a great evening, and I would go back.Love the courtyard and the coffee... I wanted strong coffee, and that's just what i got.  It was great.  The beignets were a little bit heavier and about $.60 more for 3 than Cafe DuMonde.  I thought the trade off in comfort and proximity was well worth it though.  The omelets looked good and the shrimp po-boy looked delicious.Forget Cafe Du Monde, this place has faster service, and even accepts debit/credit cards. Also was a lot cleaner having less powdered sugar everywhereWhile walking around Bourbon Street, it's a little frightening to see white powder riddled on the streets and plastered on peoples' noses.  Because of that, you might suspect people are sniffing cocaine due to their boisterous attitudes, but after eating beignet's at Cafe Beignet on Bourbon Street, I'm convinced that they are the reason for such things. Lol
Cafe Beignet offers better beignets than Cafe Du Monde and it's not even close.  They're far more fluffy, soft, well-sized, and deliciously powdered than any beignet I've had and it's only $3.99 for three!
Cafe Beignet has two locations--one being this one inside Musical Legends Park on Bourbon Street and the other on Royal.  I much rather prefer the one on Royal as it has a more clean and endearing environment.  This specific location on Bourbon is more fun and lively, but the distasteful smells of Bourbon Street creeps in from time to time.  I do love the live jazz music that is played though.  
----
Conclusion: Those who are looking for 5 star beignets and a lively, musical atmosphere, come to this outdoor location.  I, along with Mr. Alton Brown (famous food critic on the food channel) agree Cafe Beignet is much better than Cafe Du Monde.  Come here for food, alcohol, music, and the best beignets! can be found here too!  
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Tables are available but be aggressive when trying to obtain one.  There are three tables upstairs near the restroom too
-Service can be better as they're not very friendly or helpful
-Restrooms are filthyCafe Beignet was a nice little cafe on Bourbon St. with a nice courtyard off the sidewalk and tucked away from the commotion. Inside the courtyard are plenty of fans that also blow mist at you during the hot summer days. Unfortunately I have to give the 3 stars because the beingets just weren't that good. They were chewy and chalky and the only flavor that came threw was the powdered sugar. I didn't try the other food so I can't speak for that but their iced coffee is really refreshing. It's a dark roast with smokey notes that really come through in NOLA style. Service was on the slower side with only one register but the girl at the register was extremely nice.The beignets were so bad that we didn't even eat them. They tasted like fried shrimp and were tough as well. The pralines were gritty, but tasty. Also, the computer/register was down so no drinks available from the bar. We offered to pay cash, but this was beyond their capacity and the request was met with silence. The courtyard was lovely though and the staff courteous. But it was such a disappointment on our first stop of our first day to New Orleans.Holy  so amazing I can't put it into words, live music , fresh beignets, pastries, great !!!! Why would you ever have breakfast elsewhere?  Wanted to stay here all day even in the  couldn't believe with as much hype as there was that this place actually lived up to itFar superior to Cafe du Monde in two aspects: the staff is friendly and smiles at you, there is live jazz almost always.
The staff is very nice, then brings you your food if you're sitting down and there's a little wait for a next batch of beignets or whatever you ordered.
Their beignets are as huge as my hand and spectacularly delicate-tasting and delicious. The chicory coffee is served in take-away cups and very flavorful. You put milk and sugar in it yourself from the little nook by the pick up section of the counter.
There's quite a bit of seating in the open courtyard but it becomes very hard to come by when there's a great live jazz performance going on (which is often!). I was able to sit quickly both times I visited.
Excellent, excellent music by the way.
My favorite place in NOLA for chicory coffee and beignets.I ordered the club sandwich which includes cold turkey, bacon and cheese on French bread. The sandwich was delicious, the service friendly and the ambiance lovely. That said, waiting 20 minutes in line, plus an additional 30 minutes at mule table for a cold turkey sandwich wasn't worth it. Many of their items are cold sandwiches, and considering it takes about 30 seconds to put some turkey on bread and sit it in a plate, it must be a staffing or organizational issue. They appear to deliver orders sequentially, which doesn't seem to make sense here holding up cold items for the occasional hot one. For me it was just over rated and far slower than it needed to be such a basic item.The Beignets were delicious pieces of fried heaven with powered sugar. The pastries come in 3 for 3.99 and can be easily shared amount 3 people. The beignets are a pretty good size which makes them easy to be shared unless you don't like sharing. A line forms outside of the small place but moves pretty quickly. Breakfast is served as well but if it's cold outside it might be a little uncomfortable because the sitting is outside only.Our work team took Sunday afternoon off and decided to wander around the French Quarter. The group consensus favoured a place where we could sit outside and enjoy some live jazz and an adult beverage. And that's what we got! Service was friendly, but we had to come to them at either the bar or the coffee shop area. The music was quite good (the name of the band escapes me) and the expected free will donation at the end was a small price to pay for such a pleasant and relaxing part of our afternoon.the beignets give this place 3 stars, but the food and location are just ok. they do have live music but we just got there at a time between the acts so we had the elevator type jazz music in the background.  we were hungry so i got the muffaletta (i wanted one so bad and didn't feel like walking back down to the central market for one), it was small and quite flavorless.  the olive salad didn't add anything to it, and i definitely wanted more if it.  the boy had the red beans and rice which he said was just ok.  but the beignets were great.  they are, as everyone says, are lighter, flufflier and larger than cafe du monde.  i think i like cafe du mondes more as they have a bit of a crunch, where these are just doughy.  the daquiris were just ok here, don't waste the money.Good outdoor place right on Bourbon to listen to some jazz music in a casual setting.  We ordered their $5 drinks which were very watered down and put in tiny little plastic cups with some ice (Mint Julep, Sazerac, Brandy Milk).  We thought about ordering food, but saw what what other people were eating and decided to pass.  
One note, the table was really dirty, not sure if all outdoor places are like that in NOLA since Cafe Du Monde is like that too, but it kind of grosses me outI stopped by Café Beignet (bourbon street location) during my food tour of New Orleans. I had previously been to Café Du Monde, so I was interested in comparing the beignets and the Café Au Lait. I will say that I preferred the beignets and coffee here at Café Beignet. The dough did not seem as dense, and there was not as much powdered sugar smothering the beignets. I also liked that these beignets are made to order, so they come to you piping hot! Café Beignet is located in a public park, so there are often times jazz musicians playing for you. If you need to rest your feet or take a bathroom break you can, because these amenities are for the public. They serve other foods besides beignets as well, if you need something a bit more hardy for breakfast.  If you only have time to try one beignet spot, make this one your stop.Breakfast is terrible. No taste. The Krystal's fast food breakfast was 100% better than this. Beignets were not good either. They always have good music.This is my first time in New Orleans and I had to come here to try their beignets. They are delicious!! Very messy with the powder but that's expected.Went here for brunch on a recent trip to NOLA with some friends. Decided on this location as opposed to the other one, but don't remember why.
I, unfortunately, did not get the beignets, so I am unable to compare to Cafe du Monde's, but what we did get was decent. I got an omelette with grits and french bread. The grits were pretty plain (even for grits) and the bread was pretty hard, but the omelette was tasty and cheap. As it's all outdoor seating, I also got the iced coffee because I so badly needed the caffeine, but couldn't bear the thought of regular coffee due to the heat and humidity of a nice mid-July day. and it was surprisingly good! All my friends were jealous that they didn't get one too. 
There were a couple guys playing jazz music while everyone ate, which was nice, but maybe almost a tad too loud.. it was breakfast, afterall.
I'd give this place three stars based on the quality of food, but upped it to 4, since the employees that were working here were SUPER nice and helpful. You could tell they really cared about doing a good job, serving good food, and making sure everyone was happy.I like the other Cafe Beignet location better but I have to give props for this location being open until 10pm. Cafe Beignet is so much better than Cafe Du Monde (more touristy). 
BEST Beignets EVER...and Alton Brown agrees as well as their beignets are on his list of best things he's ever ate!
Cafe Beignet is AMAZING. I went back to Cafe Beignet EVERY DAY that I was in NOLA. This is 1 of 2 locations, this locataion is outdoors and on Bourbon St, though open later, until 10pm. The other location is more of a cafe atmosphere location but closes at 5pm. 
Here's Alton's Brown NOLA episode: http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/la/new-orleans/cafe-beignet-restaurant.html
Also, there is a coupon for a free cafe au lait with any purchase if you print out the coupon.I like this location better than the one on Royal, not quite as busy, not as long a wait for food, but the same menu.  Spacious Bourbon-facing courtyard with live music playing.  Great coffee, great food.  We saw more people eating their food than waiting at their tables for their food, so this is our choice next time we come to town.
Full bar.A very tasty blend of funnel cake and donut.  Made onsite and served warm with a pile of powdered sugar on top.  They are big too.  Much larger than expected.  I ordered an egg sandwich along with it, but cannot describe its flavor because I was too full to eat.  Also enjoyed a sweet tea that was refreshing.  It was not too sweet and really cold.  Enjoying this breakfast with jazz playing in the courtyard along Bourbon.  It feels like the right way to enjoy a simple New Orleans longtime favorite.Per the recommendation from a friend, we braved the smell of Bourbon street on a Sunday morning to visit Cafe Beignet for breakfast.  Adorable place! The coffee was great and I really enjoyed sitting outside in the courtyard. (There was a man on the street playing and I thought it was music the restaurant was piping around us. Once I saw that it was a street performer I was happy and tipped him on our way out!)
The beignets here are so much larger than the ones at Cafe Du Monde! DH liked the smaller ones at Du Monde because he likes them crispier, but I will get my beignet fix from Cafe Beignet the next time we visit. 
We also ordered an omelet that came with the customary grits - I should have asked if they could be traded out for something different as neither of us like grits. 
Only complaint, is that I would of killed for a bottomless cup of coffee that morning. :-)  But it's really not that kind of place. (sigh)Loved this place, breakfast, coffee and beignet, a little jazz in the morning, a little fish and chips and daiquiri's and jazz in the afternoon, and more daiquiri's and Steamboat Willie in the evening.  Sometimes there is a wait, but once you order find yourself a seat and enjoy the music until the food arrives, you can't stay too long those chairs are brutal if you know what I mean.4 stars, place was quaint and the music was relaxing. At night it's all Sinatra style jazz. During the day a live jazz band. To eat we had the beignets and a muffuletta. U can seat wherever u like and they bring ur food out. Very chill atmosphere.For those of you who have gave this restaurant a 3.5 rating..... Shame on you!
Now that we've got that out of the way, let me begin by saying this place was awesome. The Beignets made my breakfast amazing. Fluffy dough with a good consistency. I'm from Hawaii where we have what's called a Malasada. These two are very similar pastries. It brings me to deep sadness that Beignets may have just won my heart over. I really recommend that you consider just buying a single Beignet per person. These are very filling and if you've already ate your amazing meal, you may not have enough space in your stomach to fit it in. Take a break, finish a cigarette for those smokers and return for a delicious Beignet. So as I leave NOLA with great memories and experiences, I can gladly say "Beignet done that".Like: I like their beignets better than Cafe du Monde. Their's is actually lighter & not over flowing with confectioner's sigar. Love this locations ambiance, free Jazz music in the middle of all the loud music from Bourbon St 
Dislike: Lady who made my hot chocolate did not seem to know what she was doing, my hot chocolate was warm, not hot!This place was just ok for me. The Pulled beef sandwich was so salty. The shrimp, fish and crab cake platter were full of just chips instead of seafood. The Gumbo was def left over and re heated. same with the jambalaya. It had a slight burn to them and it was not to pleasing. It def got us full, but the flavor was just ok. Wouldnt plan on coming back here.Amazing beignets, far better than Cafe Du Monde. Also, try the elephant ear pastry, it was delicious.Large outside venue with full coffee and alcohol bar. I noticed others eating food but we just ordered beignets. Beignets were good (not as good as Cafe du Monde) they are $3.99 for 3. Live musicians playing and was pretty packed every time we walked by. Nice place, we'll return!The music is absolutely lovely, but don't get the old New Orleans fashioned.... it's worse than cough syrup and I got it without the simple syrupBETTER than Cafe du Monde!!!
Less crowded (at 8am my mom and I were the only ones enjoying the patio, but really, who is out on Bourbon at 8am besides the beer trucks and street washers?  Me and my mom!) better tasting.
The beignets here are made.to.order.  We went to Cafe du Monde once and it was obvious they had been sitting.  These came hot and fresh.
The cafe au lait is also made.to.order.  Again, hot and fresh.
A great alternative to Cafe du Monde.  Scratch, a great "instead of" Cafe du Monde!Breakfast omelets were good, but the beignets were great! Live jazz band was playing at 8am on Sunday morning and was enjoyable.We stopped in here to get our fliers beignet and they were outstanding, also had a piece of carrot cake and not so good but I guess that's why it's called Cafe Beignet. We were lucky enough to sit really get down at the last available table and listen to a live band and enjoy a beignet and price was reasonable also.We were originally going to Cafe du Monde on recommendations from friends, but the line there was a block long. The line here was just to the door, and with the tables pretty much all filled, everyone was getting orders to go, so the line moved fairly quickly. We were able to snag a couple of bar seats just as our order came up. My Iced Chicory and Coffee was wonderful, and matched the beauty that were the beignets we got. They came to us hot, sugary and ever so yummy!My first beignet experience wasn't bad. Too much powdered sugar overwhelmed the wonderful beignet. We also ordered breakfast which was completely a different story. Everything other than the eggs you could tell had been sitting there for hours. The hashfries and grits were just cold and stale. Would not have breakfast here ever again.I'm here for the sugary French pastries. I love being covered powdered sugar, like a bag blew up in my face. But man, it is delicious. Viva La Beignets!!!!!!!Wow this place is bad. My first impression is that this would be a pleasant spot in an otherwise, what is in my opinion the most unpleasant street in the French Quarter.  They had live music that sounded more like entertainment at a nursing home, a really untalented guy (how they found him in the city of greats I have no idea), basically constantly asking for tips and in between hitting some notes on his keyboard. 
The food was the worst part, 35 minute wait time ended in terrible beignets that taste mostly like oil and an omelette that went straight to the dumpster where it belongs.  Poor quality and the worst part is that they don't even try.  In this city a place like this should not pass.I went there two mornings in a row while visiting New Orleans. It was right across our hotel Royal Sonesta. This place has great service, great breakfast, and awesome beignets! They offer 3 beignets for $2.69 and their beignets are pretty big, in fact I could only eat 2 and then I was full. Those two coupled with a Caramel Latte and I was in heaven. Perfect combo and made just right. I had the French Toast one morning as well which was ok but the beignets rock. Did I mention they have live music by local artists almost all day long from 8am-2am! Its great as they keep rotating and you get to hear different people. Good place!Great spot to listen to music and have a drink.  And beignets are better than cafe dI guess i'll write a separate review for Cafe Beignet then i did for the Music Legends Park. Came back the next morning here since they were closed when we came for Jazz the night before. We got beignets and coffee. They were super fresh and delicious. A little different than dumonde. I wouldn't say better or worse. Just different but equally delicious. I will say this. Cafe Beignet has the live jazz in the park, which gives it a favorable advantage. Come try and ENJOY!For the food, I would give it 3 stars, but the ambiance would kick it up to a 4.  This place is adorable... open courtyard seating with live music.  The beignets were good, but we had a tuna breakfast sandwich that wasn't flavorful. It's right across the street from our hotel - so we may go back for the beignets and music but was hoping to be more pleased with the actual meal.Horrible experience dirty, flies in pasrty cases and then when they bring my food a live bug in my food that means the prep line has bugs. i will never be backAverage at best. 
Reminded me if cafeteria food from a hospital or school. 
Better places to go in the quarter.Great place to have a drink and listen to jazz. Beignets aren't quite as good as the other place on town. .. but a great place to have a drink and listen to jazz.This little gem is tucked away in Legends Park on Bourbon Street. It's completely passed over by partygoers, and truly a great place to catch your breath. The full bar has reasonable prices, and the pastries are excellent!
A word about the Beignets:
Yes, they are better than Cafe Du Monde's. Bigger, for starters, and more doughy. They deliver them to your table hot and let you enjoy them while listening to live jazz in the courtyard amidst string lights. The only drawback? The tables are gridded, so you will get powdered sugar everywhere! In the future, I will pass on Cafe Du Monde and only go here!Local musicians come out and play while you eat. Great little place outside to cool off. Had bathrooms upstairs and that was nice. The beignets were great  but the water and coffees were a little pricey. $3.99 for a milk? Other than that this is a great spot to relaxWithin 10 minutes I tried both Cafe Beignet and Cafe du Monde. Both fresh and hot. For my taste if you are only going to have one Beignet experience go to Cafe Beignet. First I didn't encounter any lines, where at the main Cafe Du Monde it was 15 mins at least even at the take out window.  Du Monde was $3 of 3 and I found them to be dense and chewy even when hot. Cafe Beignet's are $4 for 3 that are at least 25% larger. I found them to be lighter with a funnel cake texture and elephant ear taste. Much more enjoyable for my tastes.Let me tell you, the beignets here are incredibly awesome! They are so light and fluffy that we had to come back again tonight to take them back to our hotel room! It is my understanding that they are made to order. 
We went to another very famous place and had coffee and beignets after having the beignets here yesterday.......absolutely no comparison! Cafe Beignet knows how to make BEIGNETS! 
The live entertainment is impressive! This is a nice place to relax and enjoy coffee and beignets. I will always come here instead of the other place. You must give it a try!Let me tell you, the beignets here are incredibly awesome! They are so light and fluffy that we had to come back again tonight to take them back to our hotel room! It is my understanding that they are made to order. 
We went to another very famous place and had coffee and beignets after having the beignets here yesterday.......absolutely no comparison! Cafe Beignet knows how to make BEIGNETS! 
The live entertainment is impressive! This is a nice place to relax and enjoy coffee and beignets. I will always come here instead of the other place. You must give it a try!Best beignets I have ever had, but still haven't been to cafe du monde so there's still room to win the best title.  Cute courtyard cafe!  Want to visit again when the live band performs.Cafe Beignet is a gem in the cesspool that is Bourbon St. 
The beignets here are a little bit more substantial than those of cafe du monde. They have a full menu and are just as casual as you are.  If you're just looking for Beignets, hit up the Cafe Du Monde. It's more experiential.  Alternatively if you're looking for breakfast or lunch, Cafe Beignet has a sister location on Royal st. 
There's live jazz here every night and the small courtyard setting is surprisingly good at sheltering you from the noise pollution from all the clubs and shit-shacks on the street. 
All in all I'd say to steer clear of Bourbon at all costs but if you find yourself here, sojourn over to Cafe Beignet.Beignets are like down pillows and the powder on top is like something outta scarface. Three big fresh and flavorful beignets are amazing. Just don't eat them by the big fans that circulate air in the courtyard. I was wearing a fair bit of powdered sugar by the end. Coffee was good too.Loved the chicory coffee but I found the counter service to be pretty unresponsive. Perhaps I caught them at an off-time, but I felt like I was imposing to get the woman to wait on me. I only wanted a praline and cup of coffee.Beautiful indoor/outdoor café. Had the privilege of sitting on the second tier above the restaurant. We had a sight of Bourbon Street and the sweet soulful sounds of classic jazz.  Their beignets are better then the popular touristy competitor. This place is an oasis and adds charm to the notorious Bourbon Street. Sadly,the shrimp po boy was a let down. It was obviously not fresh, and better shrimp can be found at a local Popeyes.This location is amazing. There is a small courtyard where you can enjoy your food and listen to jazz literally all day long. The atmosphere is much better than the Royal St. location, but the food tastes the same. The beignets, eggs, waffles, potatoes, and coffee are all of the same quality in both locations. The line for food here is perpetually long, but it's definitely worth it. If you're going to do the tourist bit and eat a huge plate of beignets, this is absolutely the place to do it.It was later in the evening and we found ourselves in the French Quarter walking around, looking at shops, and taking in the sights and sounds of New Orleans. Niki and I noticed some music coming from just up the block and made our way by following the sound. 
The sound led us to a courtyard where old school jazz was being performed and in the back was Cafe Beignet. I have heard of this place and it is known to have very good chicory coffee and beignet. So obviously drawn by the music and the smell of sweet pastry. Niki and I took a seat, placed an order, and enjoyed the music while we anxiously waited.
It didn't take long for our cups of chicory laced coffee and powdered sugar coated pastries to arrive. Once on the table we were in heaven. The coffee was very tasty and the beignet, well, its was fried dough and powdered sugar heaven! Could I say more?
I hear that there is live entertainment here often and when their is music their is chicory coffee and beignet. So come down and get yourself some!Hot beignets, delicious coffee, and smooth jazz! Great little place to relax off bourbon st. Give it a try... you'll be glad you did!Hands down, without a doubt, THE best place to get a beignet in the French Quarter (maybe in all of Louisiana).  
Beignets cooked to perfection, Live Jazz in their courtyard and quick easy service, unlike that other place near the French Market! 
My kids actually got up and dressed in less than 15 minutes (one being a teenage girl if that tells you anything) when I said if they hurried, we would go to Cafe Beignet before leaving the French Quarter.This is some of the worst food I have ever eaten. I could not finish my plate.  This is an overpriced tourist trap that capitalizes off of being on bourbon street to get business.  How do you mess up potatoes and scrambled eggs? No one should go eat at this place ever.It was our first night on our trip to New Orleans and we were craving beignets.  The original plan was to stop by the Cafe Beignet location on Royal Street, but by the time we passed by, it was already closed.
How we found the Bourbon Street location was actually by accident.  As we were walking down Bourbon Street, we heard some jazz music coming from Musical Legends Park.  After watching the band perform a couple songs, we notice the "Cafe Beignet" sidewalk sign right in front of us.  And looking past the crowd and the stage, we were able to spot the tiny storefront.
You kind of have to walk in front of the stage to get to Cafe Beignet which makes it a bit awkward.  Otherwise, I have no complaints.  There was no line and the service was prompt.  In fact, we were able to sit outside to watch more of the jazz performers while they brought out our order.
Now, most people will tell you Cafe Du Monde is the one and only beignet place to visit when you're in New Orleans, but I think this spot would be a perfect second choice.This location is my favorite. There's nothing like listening to Jazz on a lovely early afternoon while sipping a mimosa and eating an egg and bacon croissant with a side of beignets. Best food I ever had? No, but the vibe makes it a for sure stop on my NOLA trips. They're pet-friendly too, so make sure to bring your little furry friend to enjoy the patio along side you.!Great spot to escape Bourbon Street for a bit if you are in that area.  The Cafe is right off bourbon a courtyard with live music and you feel like you are well away from the craziness.  Beignets are excellent and a good deal $4 for 3 large ones.  Plus no crazy lines like Cafe Du Monde.We went there for breakfast this morning. Although the beignets were great, the rest of the food was sub par. The Cajun hash was not good. And the breakfast sandwich was strange in that it was basically an omelet put on a croissant. The area where the cafe is is cute and it's nice that they have live music in the morning. On our way out we got some bloody Mary's and those were excellent.If you want an amazing, hot beignet without the fanfare of standing in line for an hour, this is the place! The courtyard ambiance gives it that extra umph. There is usually some sort of live music, but it isn't overwhelmingly loud. I say, walk a few blocks and check this place out! I take every friend and family member that visits here.... it is just a good excuse to be a little bad. =)Beignets are amazing....breakfast sandwiches are great as well as the French bread. The omelettes were also pretty good, but the start is the beignets...hence the name.The only good thing about this place is the live music, music was great the food is lame poor excuse for New Orleans cuisine, had the shrimp P.O.-boy very boring, order the combo and only got the sandwich went back to counter told the lady there then the cook came out to see what I got but never got the rest of my order, bar was ok.I read that Cafe Beignet was better than Cafe du Monde on a travel blog so I had to see for myself.  On my first day in NOLA, my first bite was at Cafe du Monde and their beignets (although looked like funnel cake) were damn tasty.  But when my friends and I visited Cafe Beignet on Bourbon Street, we all agreed that these were lighter and thus tasted better than Cafe du Monde's.  The disparity is probably negligible but it's also nice that Cafe Beignet has live jazz music playing while you scarf down the fried pastries.I love that on a Saturday morning at ten am they have live jazz in the courtyard! They did a good job of moving through the line quickly and they were friendly enough. 
I had one order of beignets and one key lime tart. Both were good. Not amazing, but good. The atmosphere was pretty cool and if I were looking to sit around a while and have a few morning drinks with breakfast, I probably would have enjoyed it more.