Not a bad breakfast spot but be warned: the line is LONG - like 30-45 min and the food is good, but in my opinion, not worth it... certainly  not in the summer.  Also, the beignets are good (yes better than Café Du Monde) but still, just beignets. Get one of their other options like a mufaletta sandi and have someone in your party snag a table, they go lightening fast here if you want to sit outside.Cafe beignet was my first encounter with beignets and I was not disappointed. I now currently have tried from 2 cafes and am still happy with my first impressions. I enjoyed Cafe beignet cafe at Leit more then others I have had here in Nola. I like my coffee w a slightly less bold/bitter flavor and cafe beignet did that for me. The beignets were fluffier then my second tasting but still crispy on the outside, all in all I would say this is a worthy stop for a sweet pick me up! And cute cafe to sit in as well.Most expensive beignets we found in town but the best ones. Service is ok.
We went there on a Saturday at 1pm, the wait was 10 min. Definitely, a good alternative to cafe du monde.Lovely place. Decor was nice. Beignet was not as good as Cafe Du Monde but the frozen cafe au lait was great. Be mindful they don't have decaf for frozen cafe au lait.Okay so hear me out. I'm not a big beignet fan, but when in NOLA eat as they do. I tried the iconic Cafe Du Monde, and wasn't all that impressed with theirs. It was heavy and too doughy and basically a whole pound bag of confectioners sugar was loaded on top. The ones at Cafe Beignet, to my delight, were so much better! They were lighter, had a nice crisp on the outside, and even though it was still a bit doughy, it wasn't the heavy kind like Cafe du Monde's. The sugar they use here was also better, it's not as powdery fine, so it doesn't fly everywhere, and they probably use half as much sugar on their beignets too. You know how I know it's good, I ate two! Three comes in an order, and I liked it that much.
The place is super cuuuuuuuuute! Like ridiculously cute. If were we weren't in such a rush, I would have enjoyed my beignets there and hung out and people watched. It's just the quaintest little cafe. So lucky that I am kind of shallow and saw how cute this cafe was and decided to go inside, based off that. It was not my real intention to go inside, but I happened to chance upon it because I had my heart originally set on going to Brennan's for their bananas fosters but they had a long wait, plus their ugly snooty little host was a jerk, that made me forgo the wait. Kinda glad that happened or I may have never chanced upon Cafe Beignet.The café is super cute, but it's small and super crowded. Not ideal for large groups but perfect for a romantic breakfast if you don't mind the line. The beignets are a tad crispier than I'd like but still smothered in powdery goodness. Price is expensive. I bought a cup of fruit for $6 and some of the grapes were going bad.
Its definitely better to come for a full breakfast than just a snack because the meals are better priced than their pastries and snacks.Preferred Cafe Beignet to Cafe Du Mondes... lighter, crispier and the perfect coating of sugar. I was not impressed with the eggs but would go back here for the Beignets hands down!Without a doubt, these are the best beignets. they're different from Cafe du Monde, but I like them better. The wait at this place can be difficult, because they move SO SLOW behind the counter. But, it's good. I haven't ever eaten anything else there.Why go to Cafe Du Mond and wait in like for an hour when you get the same delicious Beignet here plus sandwiches, desserts, and more.  
Friendly and prompt service, strong delicious coffee, perfect beignetsOverall a great experience! Friendly staff, great sandwich fare, and delicious beignets. They also had a case full of beautiful other treats. Literally a hole in the wall with a big open air concept and outside patio, it was easy to get lost in the deliciousness of our toasted croissant sandwich that was topped with a nice portion of ham and cheese. The beignets were also warm and perfectly fried, covered in a heaping portion of powdered sugar. The outside patio lines up to Royal St so you can watch the people go by and in and out of the antique shops across the street. Perfect for a quick, affordable lunch in the French quarter!My wife and I ordered 2 sets of beignet fire 3.99 each.  Each set comes with 3 beignet. I had their online coupon which gave us a free cafe la ait with each entree. The beignet was good with lots of sugar on top of it.  Overall,  it was good and there was live jazz music too.So So.  My local friends said that these beignets blow Café Du Monde out of the water.  Not true.  I found the beignets heavy and not sweet.  The garden was lovely and great for French quarter people watching.  Decent coffee.  All in all, fine but not great.The beignets here are BY FAR the best in New Orleans. 
This past weekend, I was in NOLA with friends and of course had to try the beignets. We were perusing some antique shops on Royal and stumbled upon Cafe Beignet. I didn't know what to expect, but I was extremely impressed. The service was super friendly, even when it was crowded and we didn't know what to order (aside from beignets, of course). Each order of beignets comes with three LARGE ones - maybe 4x4 inches each. And they aren't completely doused in powdered sugar, like the ones at Cafe du Monde (which I can only assume Cafe du Monde does to mask the mediocrity of their beignets). The beignets at Cafe Beignet are soft, perfectly golden, and served piping hot. Those at Cafe du Monde are about half the size, completely covered in inches of powdered sugar, served lukewarm, and are chewy and doughy. 
I also had a praline, which was perfectly soft and crumbly, not hard like the boxed variety. 
Do yourself a favor and skip the tourist trap that is Cafe du Monde and head over to one of the Cafe Beignet locations. You won't be sorry!Right next to the police station in the grand old state bank building -- almost missed it. Has a hole-in-the-wall look, especially from the outside, but is actually quite deep and spacious. Quaint French cafe feel. The waiters were friendly and the beignets just right. Also had a pretty good crawfish omelette. Perfect breakfast spot.Good and fast breakfast, so-so beignets (crispy outside, spongy inside). Once you get through the long line, your food will be delivered very quickly. Definitely a crowded place, but for a quick breakfast it works well.I've been coming to New Orleans since I was nine years old and have a nostalgiac connotation of the Cafe du Monde.  Realistically, however, I prefer Cafe Beignet.  They have good decaf au lait (I don't drink leaded coffee), and some real breakfast choices.  We all enjoyed omelettes and other egg dishes.  I loved that they served grits on the side (I put cheese on mine).  
Being a cafe and not a restaurant, you walk up and order, and then they bring your food to you.BEST Beignets EVER...and Alton Brown agrees as well as their beignets are on his list of best things he's ever ate! 
Forget Cafe Du Monde (more touristy)...Cafe Beignet is AMAZING. I went back to Cafe Beignet EVERY DAY that I was in NOLA. This is 1 of 2 locations, and the more cafe atmosphere location but closes at 5pm. The other location is outdoors and on Bourbon St, though open later, until 10pm.
Here's Alton's Brown NOLA episode: http://www.foodnetwork.com/restaurants/la/new-orleans/cafe-beignet-restaurant.html
Also, there is a coupon for a free cafe au lait with any purchase if you print out the coupon.Line was long, place was packed, we had to bus our own table. My veggie omelette was okay, but nothing fabulous. French bread was soft and good. Good coffee. Beignets were served cold. They are larger and more dense than Cafe du Monde. I wouldn't recommend compared to other options.If you want to get your beignet fix in New Orleans but avoid the tourists and long lines, go to Cafe Beignet.  Granted, I've never tried Cafe du Monde's beignet but word of mouth says the beignets at Cafe B are comparable.  We went in on a Sunday around 10:30am and didn't wait in line for more than 10 minutes.  They also serve other breakfast items.  My husband and I shared the eggs, hashbrowns,  sausage and an order of beignets plus a cafe au lait.  Coffee was great!  Hashbrowns were well-seasoned.  The beignets were good, but it could be just a tad warmer and gooey on the inside.  It was satisfying though so I cannot complain.  There is limited seating in side, but the turnover is quick.  Plus you can always sit anywhere in the area outside to enjoy your beignets :)Came here twice during our stay in NOLA! I had previously visited Cafe du Monde, and was turned off by all the powdered sugar EVERYWHERE, the constant long line to get in, and the rude servers who push you out to get more people in. Cafe Beignet was more relaxed with a super cute interior. Come on any random weekday afternoon and you can walk up to the cash register! Beignets were soft, hot, and crispy. Cafe au lait was mild but delicious, both hot and iced. My sister got a breakfast sandwich and enjoyed it. The service leaves something to be desired, but it wasn't bad.Great coffee.  Casual atmosphere.  Who doesn't love a warm, crispy, doughy, sugary beignet?  Crawfish omelets also good.  Great location in the French quarter on Royal St. close to shopping.Of the two reputable beignet shops in the French quarter Cafe Beignet has the edge.  Lighter and fluffier than the competition, the powdered sugar to dough ratio works perfectly.  Service can be a bit slow, but that is because they make them fresh when you order.  The wait is worth the fresh taste.  Seating and space are limited in the location we tried.Muy buen lugar... las porciones ideales, la atención muy ágil y agradable, el ambiente restaurado y adecuado para el tipo de productos, y las personas que atendían en la caja muy profesionales
Ojo, se llena mucho... mucha paciencia por favorTheir beignet may be better but more expensive then Cafe du Monde. It's a small shop so it doesn't have the ambiance like Cafe du Monde.Came here because the line at cafe du monde was like 3 blocks long, the beignets were fantastic. The wait was a bit slow, line to order then quite a wait to get the beignets but they were excellent. the next day we went back to cafe du monde in the middle of the night when there was no line and were so surprised to find out the beignets weren't as good as this place. So if you're in town this place is def worth checking out. Also fun to try both here and cafe du monde to compareI don't get it. The beignets here are definitely inferior to Cafe du Monde. We received nearly burnt and room-temp beignets. We probably stood in line for at least 25 minutes for a major let down. We had to go back to Cafe du Monde the next day in order to replace the experience. 
People may complain about CDM's cleanliness, but I'd take CDM over CB any day--especially since CB lets the birds and cats INSIDE of the establishment. We saw many flies inside of the bakery display, too. I just don't see the appeal when there is a superior option just blocks away.The service was slow and the beignets themselves were cold, stale, and tasteless.  The chicory coffee was good, but you can get that anywhere.  I suggest Cafe du Monde instead.I like these Beignets better than Cafe Du Mond, they are lighter and fluffier!The beignets are larger than at Cafe du Monde but they're still very dense and only come with powdered sugar. If you are like me and like them with powdered sugar AND honey then you'd have to ask which comes in these tiny individual packets so you'd need about five just to go with an order.Always a must on a trip to New Orleans! The coffee is perfection and I love the beignets. I got a veggie omelet this past time and it was scrumptious. The patio is a great place to be in the morning in the shade of the palms.Nice little cafe next to the police station.  While I loved sitting outside the birds make a mess. Be careful where you sit.  The beignets were nice and warm and service was fast.Great place for beignets. They are huge. way bigger than cafe du monde and their coffee is amazing. best coffee i had in the french quarter. and it is so cute! this is a must do.This place was not great. The two stars is for the unique appeal. I ordered the club sandwich which was cold. The beignets where ok ... a little on the doughy side. The waiter was not the cleanest looking person. It was just not a good experience. I did not and either did my sweetheart finish our meal.Call me not impressed. Their beignets were dense and chewy - and tasted doughy. Their cafe au lait was good but not at strong as I'd like.This is a great little cafe in the french quarters of New Orleans. Makes you feel like you are in Paris when you are here. Cool atmosphere, arched tunnel like ceilings, wrought iron tables and chairs. And really good coffee and espresso. Gets crowded so there may be big lines.We came here not one, not two, but THREE times during our weeklong trip. Now first of all, the actual beignets were kinda meh... too doughy! go to Du Monde instead. Well unless you like dough (heavy) beignets. But the atmosphere is what makes it great. You can get actual food, coffee, tea, beignets AND drinks in an open space, with live music every night! Make sure to get the NOLA guide book for a free cafe au lait with any purchase and BOGO drinks.Came here for Mardi Gras weekend and you can tell it was the "Special Mardi Gras Menu" I can't believe most of their breakfast items costs around $10 and you really get nothing. With the good reviews we were so excited to try some Beignets and get some breakfast! We thought this place was the place... 
I got the crawfish omelette ($10ish) and my BF got the ham and cheese omelette ($9ish) and we also ordered the 3 beignets for about $3. GEEZ, what a rip off! We got our breakfast on one of those plastic paper plates and literally it looked like they used 1-2 eggs for the omelet. It was so small for the price you're paying! (Go get a po-boy and actually be full). The omelettes were bland and were not good. I did like my crawfish in there, but you get like 3-4. The bread smell stale and the grits were flavorless. I know you are supposed to flavor your grits but it was so dry. And then the famous beignets... their beignets were SO DRY and gross. It turned us off for getting beignets (until we tried Café Du Monde)...we really thought beignets are supposed to taste like Café Beignets...dry (not at all doughy) and overcooked. Gross. 
Honestly, this is the one place we could have all skipped and be perfectly happy. The food was not worth the price, everything was bland and the famous beignets here will make you dislike beignets... And really, I love all food and I'm an easy rater, but this was just so off-putting! Only time yelp reviews failed me.Our first meal in NOLA is generally a stop for beignets and cafe au lait. Not adverse to the tourist hot-spot Cafe DuMonde, we opted this time for Cafe Beignet. Some claim, including Alton Brown, that it is the superior stop for these French doughnuts covered in powered sugar. I'm divided, as they're both excellent and great in their own way. Cafe Beignet seemed to be more consistent in their product, but I missed the over abundance of powdered sugar the other place snows down on the fried dough.
For full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/The lack of service is not worth the beignets. Everyone that works there is annoyed by the business and the fact that the customers cant hear with the loud music. The wait time is about an hour no matter when you go.  Good luck!Tasty, but not as good as Cafe du Monde. They tasted a little doughy and not as light as the the other place. All four of us agreed (including two professional pastry chefs), the Cafe du Monde serves up the better beignets.Paid over $13 for two orders of Beignets and a small coffee. That's a ridiculously high price in comparison to Cafe Du Monde, but seeing as how I only had my credit card on me, my wife and I went to Cafe Beignet. If Beignet is in the name of the establishment, you'd think they'd be great, but no indeed haha. They are the consistency of pizza crust. The coffee was meh. They overcharged and underdelivered IMO.The service here was excellent. 
First time Here in NOLA so I had to try beignets. Well I must say they were not exactly what I was anticipating and not as good as all the hype in my opinion.  I ate half of one and threw the rest in the trash.  
The order came with 3 beignets for $3.99.  It just didn't wow me as I hoped.
Cute little spot though maybe next time I'll try breakfast and or a cup of coffee.I had the fortunate opportunity to try Cafe Beignet, Sunday morning, for breakfast. I decided to pick this location, as I heard the beignets were relatively larger in size than DuMond, it's often less crowded than the other touristy place, and many felt they taste better. 
The outdoor appearance, shows how small the place really is. Yet, outdoor seating was available. The line had reached the entrance, but I was pleased with how fast it moved. One cashier would take the order and payment, while the other prepared the specialty drinks. 
I disliked the flow within the restaurant. It could use a separate exit, in the rear of the store and guests do have to cut through the traffic line, for the condiment counter and trash can. 
It's decorated nicely inside and they also sell relative knick knacks and goodies. 
The beignets were served quick and were warm, with plenty of powdered sugar to last, with every bite!Best beignets in French Quarter. They're massive and wonderful when dipped in coffee. Or really without dipping them...but who would do that?!? 3 people can easily share one order, unless you're STARVING. 
Nice looking shop, friendly staff and animals. Be prepared for several sparrows attempting to steal your delicious deep fried goodness, and a cat or two to spook them away.Such a nice little coffee shop! The baked goods are to die for! I always love sitting on the patio, usually there's a musician outside, as well as a sweet little  kitty that hangs out around there. Very friendly staff! The beignets are amazing. Don't waste your time at cafe du monde waiting in a long line for meh. Come here!We went here for one reason, and one reason only: beignets. They were great and I'm glad we got them. We didn't get anything else, so I don't know how anything else is. (Sorry...) We ordered one order of beignets to go, which took forever, but I expected as much on a sunny, Sunday afternoon on Royal Street. They have outside seating with a lot of shade where we waited for our food. It was nicer than waiting in the cafe because it was hot and crowded. I definitely want to get the Cafe Du Monde experience next time I'm in New Orleans, but this place did a fine job making the authentic beignets I had always dreamed about trying.Great experience!  Customers place their order at the counter and then have a seat, the food is delivered to your table hot and fresh.  The café au lait was by far the best coffee I had experienced during our trip.  We sat in the patio area where we were greeted by a friendly cat that sat on one of the chairs at the next table.  An acoustic guitarist played a calming song on the sidewalk near the café entrance.  It was a relaxing and enjoyable place to eat a yummy breakfast!Always great beignets, hot coffee and fast service! I would give it 5 stars if it had more seating.Kind, un-touristy place just down the way from the Monteleone.  Expect to see locals here, not tourists.  Rest a while in the garden by the police headquarters.. It's lovely there. Safe too!  
Their coffee is luscious and the sandwiches a welcome change from the tourist food that populates the quarter.Great place to pick up a quiet, peaceful, simple breakfast. I had a veggie omelette with grits and an iced cafe au lait. Portion sizes are just right for a perfectly healthy breakfast!BEST BEIGNETS! I think they are better than Cafe Du Monde. Bigger fluffier and just amazing. Went there every morning.Great, friendly staff...tried the omelette crawfish it was delicious. The beignet was ok.Although the beignet and cafe au lait are not as good as Cafe Du Monde, the atmosphere is so much more pleasant. The courtyard is beautiful and quant. And there's always live music here. Overall, I would rather come here and enjoy the ambiance and live music than the hot overcrowded Cafe Du Monde.The food is good, coffee is good, very quaint decor.  The problem is the crowd and speed of service.  It's a sea of people with numbered cards on their tables waiting for food.  You have to come either off hours or head to the one on Bourbon just a couple of blocks away.  I had the muffuletta, and would recommend one of the groceries like Central because it really wasn't that good.This place gets 4 stars for the atmosphere;  the band playing was lovely and the beignets were reasonably priced.  Downsides are the lack of indoor seating, but there is plenty of outdoor space and misting fans.Fast service for the crowds that come here. 
Cute outdoor seating.
Good cafe drinks and delicious fresh beignets.
The rest of the food here is...just food... I would come here for a nice beignet breakfast/snack and enjoy the outdoor seating.I am not impressed by the pastry, there or anywhere...buttttt they had live jazz, free and soooooo good. The prices were good and it had an open air feel.Indeed, 3 beignets for $3, and they are bigger, fluffier, and lighter. I'll take the quieter atmosphere here anytime, though we still went to Cafe du Monde as my hubby hadn't been before.Great place to eat outdoors. No alcohol accept a tiny $7 bottle.  Had roast beef Po-boy. Not great. Maybe 3-4 ounces of meat. Nothing special at all. Wouldn't get again. Thinking great place for coffee and desserts not for a starving person.The beignets are delicious and didn't disappoint our expectations.
We had their Cafe Au Lait and their crawfish omelette.Overall, a decent breakfast. The beignets were tasty, but maybe a bit crispy/dense for what I expect. This location is crowded. It can get hot. I enjoyed my ham and egg omelette although I wouldn't say it was anything special.After a nice dinner my wife and I started toward Cafe du Monde. It was her first visit to New Orleans, but not mine. We stumbled across this Cafe enroute and decided to check it out. It was great!  We shared an Iced coffee au lait and one order of beignet. We listened to a jazz combo who were good. We thoroughly enjoyed it. Good beignet, fast service, great atmosphere, no wait. I'll admit I've been to Cafe du Monde a couple of times so the bucket list is checked. But I see no need to go there again. If you want good coffee and good beignet then this Cafe is for you.The food was good.  I had the the Crawfish Omelette, Grits and French Bread.   My Boyfriend had the Sausage Omelette, Grits and French Bread.  A Gentleman is outside singing Gospel and it was a pleasant treat.   I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because   the address is connected to the police station so it's a tad bit confusing.Cafe Beignet serves the type of beignets that I envisioned before stepping foot into New Orleans.  They're supremely soft, fluffy, warm, heavily powdered with sugar and larger in comparison to the powerhouse that is Cafe Du Monde.  The best part? Cafe Beignet serves food whereas Cafe Du Monde does not!
For $3.99, you'll receive three beignets that are consistent in every aspect.  While the edges are enjoyably crispy, the centers are doughy/fluffy without losing that airy quality that beignet lovers swoon over.  They're always made when ordered, which results in the freshest and hottest beignets possible too.  Because of this, a longer wait time is required.
----
Conclusion: Cafe Beignet is the place to go for great tasting beignets.  Don't believe me? Alton Brown from the FoodNetwork agrees and claims it to be one of the best things he's ever ate in his life. This establishment has two locations and I strongly advise you to go to this one on Royal Street as it's cleaner and has a charming atmosphere.  The one on Bourbon Street is livelier, but also more dirty. The next time I ever come back to NOLA, I'll satisfy my donut cravings at CB and will be sure to eat the delicious brunch food too.
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Service can be better, but upon reflection, I feel service inside the French Quarter is constantly unfriendly
-Decor is endearing and southern
-"Beignet....Done That" is their slogan.
-Indoor and Outdoor seating available
-Restroom could be cleanerI like the way this place is set up but I'm not a fan of the beignets.  They are thicker and have more dough than a Cafe du Monde beignet.  This place also sells more than beignets...they have delicious pastries as well.we had to see if it was true that the beignets here are better than cafe du monde- in fact, i made it my mission to determine where we could find the best beignets. the shop is cleaner and has nicer decor than cafe du monde, but the cafe au lait was TERRIBLE and the beignets were NOT as good as cafe du monde. so, that question has been answered. do not suffer crappy coffee and poorly powdered beignets like we did.Well, I was just walking by and some strange force directed me into this restaurant and forced me to order some beignets, even though I was skeptical as I had Cafe Du Monde the day before.
What I can now say, is that given the choice, I would return here for my beignets rather than the other more famous place as the crowds are nonexistent here, the service is good, and the beignets are BETTER.
Yep, you heard that right, the beignets here are better than Cafe Du Monde.Beignets was quite tasteful and fluffy. The iced mocha coffee was great also. Good way to leave New Orleans. The only negative was The cashier lady was rudeTried the Cajun hash browns with beignets and the andouille omelette with a pecan tart. We waited for 40 minutes. The beignets were pretty disappointing; oil was old and the beignets were drenched in it. We were expecting a flaky sensation and instead got oil soaked bread. The omelette was good but the grits served with it were lumpy. Wouldn't wait in line again for this place.First time eating beignets and we chose this place!  The beignets were pretty good!  Definitely reminded me of a funnel cake with powdered sugar.  Brought to you and made to order! Yum! Check it out if you're in New Orleans!I think their beignets are way better than Cafe du Monde's and their outdoor patio seating is much nicer.Tried Cafe du Monde last night and was happy with the experience, but I have to say that Cafe Beignet takes the cake.
 An airier astry and just the right amount of powdered sugar. 
I did like my coffee at Du Monde much better but. This place is calmer, cleaner and more welcoming.
Both got 5 stars but this was a definite lockDidn't make it to Café Du Monde, so I can't compare the two. Having said that, the beignets were delicious! There was a bit of a wait, but it was well worth it.A beautiful little cafe nestled in between stores in the french quarter. The mocha coffee was delicious and the beignets were served fresh. Unfortunately, I didn't get to sample the rest of the menu but it was a great stop that I hope to return to!This place was pretty great! The most popular attraction was obviously the beignets. They were my favorite beignets so far to date. They were soft and chewy with not an over abundance of sugar powder. However the only downside I would say is once it starts getting crowded the people in line will be right next to you where you're sitting on the inside of the place so be prepared to have your personal bubble inevitably encroached on. But otherwise if you're taking the beignets to go and you're there for the beignets alone then this is the place for you!Everyone who visits NOLA flocks to Cafe Du Monde for beignets but don't forget this little powdered French Donut treat place either. Plus they sell so much more! Crossaints, tarts, lots of coffee drinks. Everything is tasty and unlike it's competition I already mentioned, they are NOT cash only. They have two locations but this one is tucked away right by the police office. Love the atmosphere here.In an attempt having brunch at Cafe Du Monde like most eager tourists of New Orleans, my friends and I were a tad unsuccessful. Line was entirely too long lol. Came across this gem. Couldn't be more pleased. Though there was a line, not quite as long a wait. Beignets were nice and hot, delicious and would def order again. Iced au lait was equally delicious. Eager to try the more extensive meal options offered next go 'round. Glad to have tried!The beignets here are good.  They are big, but also heavy for a pastry.  I personally like the ones at Cafe Du Monde better because they were light and airy.Save your money. Burned croissant, flavorless grits, crappy service, over-priced! We paid 30 dollars for two mediocre breakfasts. Be careful. There's many over-rated over-priced places like this in the Quarter.Small, quiet and clean. Coffee was hot and delicious. The beignet's were to die for.  Ambiance was romantic and the music was French appropriate.  This place is by far better than Cafe Dumonde.