This is the chain version of the original Café du mond in the French Quarter. It offers up the same type of pleasantries, but lacks all of the panache. If you are in the mall or staying at the Hilton, a beignet and coffee from here will suffice. But if you have time to walk (and wait) head to the original. Just follow the crowds.Despite the wait for a table...and the looooong wait for the waiter to come & clean off the table. Cafe Du Monde is all that & a bag of beignets!! I went back twice for these sweet treats.What's not to love about this place? If you're looking for some fried goodness with sugar on top, this is your place.  Delicious beignets and the coffee isn't bad either.  Definitely worth a stop if you're in New Orleans.  Nice outdoor eating area and very cheap for a late night snack or dessert.
It's very close to a little square (I suck at remembering the names of places) where there is some local art, a few cute little stores and a lot of palm reading.  It's also pretty close to Bourbon Street, so you really have no excuse not to go there.
Tip: Don't wear a dark shirt or pants.. you're going to leave with powdered sugar all over you.If you are in New Orleans you have to stop and get some beignets. Just be prepared to stand in line for awhile.Service sucked pretty bad!! The glasses looked a little foggy but the Beignets came warm and fresh.  I would say deff give it a go but its not worth the crazy long wait, go on an eveningBest coffee blend and beignets ever!
That is all this place does, but they do it superbly! Their line definitely variel wildly from absolutely packed to no line, so if you're visiting the area, just check it out a couple times until the line is short enough that you're willing to wait.
Pro tip: You can also tip a wandering waiter to help you get your order without having to wait to get to the front of the line. They are happy to do so for the tip, so if you have the expendable income... go for it!OMG I will definately go back next time I'm in town fir beignets, but don't get the hot chocolate!Coffee and Beignets without the long wait?
Air conditioning?
If you've done the touristy one at Jackson Square and just want to get your fried sugar and caffeine on without breaking a sweat, come to this spot.Why bother reviewing a place that everyone is going to hit anyway? 
In a word - yum.  It's fried dough with piles of sugar and a hot drink.
On a great day there will be a short line,  your table will be cleaned quickly,  you'll get strong coffee and hot-out-the-oil beignets. On a bad day you'll wait in a very long line, sit at a filthy table waiting for it to be bussed for way too long, get room-temp, weakish coffee and your beignets will be less than fresh.
Either way, you will leave with powdered sugar mess down your front and a sugar rush.
Good luck!Ok, here's the deal.
This place has 5-star potential.
But its one of the most slowly, inefficiently place I have ever seen.  Five kids 'working,' but really only one is truly doing any work.  The rest are standing around giving dirty looks to customers and asking (repeatedly) what their order was.  Not that simple when the thing 99% of the people order is the beignets.  Which, incidentally are served piping hot, tasty, and moist.  Very tasty, and quite large; overall a very good deal for $2.70.
Now if they could just make the line go quicker.This Cafe du Monde is located inside the Riverwalk Marketplace Mall just across the street from Harrah's casino.  If you don't want to deal with the crowds and long wait at the original location in the French Quarter, this location is just as good and way less crowded.  They have the same menu and offerings.  Mostly indoor seating (ample amounts with small tables and chairs) with views right on the Mississippi River.  You can walk outside and enjoy your coffee and beignets on the riverwalk too, of course.  Three beignets are $2.45, cash only.  A beignet is basically a French doughnut covered in tons of powdered sugar.  It's hard not to get some on yourself while eating these things.  They are indeed delicious.  Give them a try if you've never had one before.Great fluffy and crispy beignets!  If you're looking for the experience, go to French Quarter.  But if you're looking for beignets in a quieter and more relaxing atmosphere, come here.  The cafe is in the Riverwalk mall but it sits right alongside the river, which you can see right outside the window.Dropped by here while taking a break from a conference.  After being disappointed from the beignets I got from the original place last night  (hard and chewy), I decided to give the beignets here a shot.
Now THESE were beignets!  Fresh and warm and soft and fluffy.  And buried in powdered sugar of course.This was a nice authentically touristy experience. I dislike sitting among the other tourists, so my enjoyment was slightly reduced - hence the 2 star rating.
The beignets were very tasty, but I would have preferred a real breakfast.
It was a nice one-time experience, but I'm probably not going to be back next time I'm in New Orleans.Delicious coffee!  Delicious beignets!  Sweet service by a sweet, cute, southern fella who showed the ladies (and the kids) a good time at Cafe Du Monde!  The best!Just a good as the original in terms of food. It was raining so being inside the little mall was perfect. The beignets were fresh and sweet. The iced cafe au lait the pefect companion. The mall itself is nothing to write home about but it provides shelter from the rain and a convienent place to grab a bit next to the convention centerCafe Du Monde is DEFINITELY a touristy spot, but I like/prefer this location for two reasons:
1 - they accept credit cards (the one in the French Quarter doesn't).
2 - it's away from the touristy hype from the other one as well.
I was lucky to score some fresh made beignets and boy were they good!  You can't buy just 'one' - they come in 3's... and the chickory coffee is really different.  It's bitter, but sweet and they have it hot, over ice, or frozen (smoothie like).
How would I describe a beignet?  It's like a funnel cake, but in a small 3x3 portion completely covered in powdered sugar.  You have to come here to try their beignets/coffee at least once!I love the beignets and they are so inexpensive for an order of 3.  My group got two orders and could barely finsh them, mostly because of the guilt associated with all that sugar.  My 6 year old liked looking through the window and watching the man make the beignets while I was placing the order.Great beignets and much less crowded than the original locale. The cafe au lait and beignets are of equal quality as the original shop, and you can watch ships float up and down the Mississippi from your table. Definitely check this spot out.I went here before Katrina.  The beignets are insanely good.  So good, I couldn't talk.  The coffee is strong to counteract the impact that the carbs in the beignets have on your blood sugar.  when you leave, your arms will be covered in powdered sugar, but it's worth it!What exactly is not to love? Three delicious beignets covered in powdered sugar and served with yummy hot chocolate for $5?Yummy beignets and fun to watch them being made through the glass window. Prefer the energy of the one in the French Quarter but certainly won't turn one down here. Very short lines a plus!Yum beignets!!!! This is a must go to place in the French quarterThis location was my first ever time experiencing the amazingly delicious and world famous New Orleans beignets. There was a long line, but the army of employees on hand were quick to get everyone taken care of as quickly as possible.If you go to N.O. an don't stop here you have wasted a trip. If the French Quarter is busy go to the Riverwalk location not as busy but just as good.You're in New Orleans. You better stop and get some beignets, especially from Cafe Du Monde. They're like puffy funnel cakes. What more do you want?
My family and I came to this location because the one in the French Quarter was just too busy. Hell yes, I'd come back to this location or any CDM location to get some of the tasty beignets.If you're in town visiting you have to try this place once. It's a famous tourist spot. A lady on the plane highly recommended this place so I dropped by and tried it. This Cafe du Monde is part of the Riverwalk from downtown to the convention center. This one overlooks the Mississippi river which is pretty nice in the morning. The Cafe au Lait and the Beignet are the two things to get for $3.33 total. The beignet is a fried and covered with powdered sugar on top. I'd say ithe beignet is inbetween a donut and croissant. The Cafe au Lait drink is also very good. Great place to try!New Orleans' Riverwalk Marketplace is a depressing, run-down hellhole, devoid of life except when there's some event going on that draws in a few tourists. And while the original Cafe Du Monde in the French Quarter is usually bustling with business, its food court-style location here at the Riverwalk Marketplace is more reflective of its eerie surroundings. (Note that this location isn't actually in the food court itself; if you're there, you're at the wrong end of the mall.)
As other reviewers have noted, the store itself is often staffed by a bunch of high school kids focused on their own conversations. And the product they serve can be hit or miss; due to the irregular foot traffic past this location, freshness can be a serious issue. My order of beignets came out terribly stale.
Seating is plentiful, but it's mostly of the mall food court style. There's a few tables outside, though, and sitting alongside the Mississippi River as it flows by can be nice.
Still, while you might avoid the lines and the crowds by choosing this Cafe du Monde location over the others, I'm not sure it's worth it. It's not like there's ever much reason to come through the Riverwalk Marketplace in the first place, but for a few exceptions (the Southern Food & Beverage Museum, perhaps).These beignets are hands-down the best thing I've ever put in my mouth (I know, I know). They were perfectly warm and chewy and just... perfection. Their hot chocolate is amazing too. Not too rich but amazingly creamy and yummy.A trip to New Orleans is not complete until I order beignets and cafe au lait! The beignets are fried and topped with lots of powdered sugar. Try to avoid wearing black or dark colors! You will definitely drop sprinkles of sugar on yourself! The cafe au lait is the perfect accompaniment to these heavenly fried square donuts! Be careful, these are addictive!I got the beignets to go. With each order they place 3 beignets in a small paper bag and dump a batch of sugary powder in it. I would suggest to eat it immediately when it's still hot. Shake it up first in the paper bag and be prepared to make a mess of yourself when you take it out and eat it. You will feel the warmth of the soft center of a beignet as you take your first bite and think that you're in southern heaven. It's an experience that I still remember now that I'm back home in NY on my couch. I tried the coffee at another cafe du monde in the area but i wasn't impressed. the only reason to go here are for the tasty beignets.I walked pass this coffee stand inside Riverwalk and decided that I had to try the beignets. I got 3 togo for me and my 2 friends to eat back at the hotel. The beignets are fresh and hot, but when I dumped them on a plate they were not as pretty as I saw in many pictures. Maybe they save those for the people who eat in? Who knows. When I ate it, it reminded me of a chinese donut covered in powdered sugar. It was delicious though, and there was plenty of powdered sugar to spare. As my tour guide mentioned, get beignets, its delicous and one way to legally carry a container full of white sugar.The best!! 3 beignets and a cafe au leit.  YummyIs there a more touristy place in the city? My grandfather grew up in Quarter and lived there until recently. Though he was a 3-minute walk from Cafe du Monde, he daily would get in his car and drive to Morning Call in Metairie, where the donuts are hand-made. A Quarterite driving to the suburbs to get his donuts: that says everything you need to know about Cafe du Monde. It's certainly tough to beat the location, and the beignets are certainly not bad. They're just not what they're made out to be.The beniets were warm and tasty. I wanted a frozen French coffee but the machine was down :(I would normally not go to Cafe Du Monde for a frozen coffee, but I ride my bike to work & am a total spaz so can't bike & carry a coffee at the same time. This is one of the only coffee places in the building that I work & it will do in a pinch. Plus they have a JUMBO size, which works for my caffeine addiction.This is a much better way to get Cafe Du Monde coffee and beignets than going to the original Cafe.  That place can be a feeding frenzy when you try to get a table, but this place is nice and laid back, in the mall, and out of the weather.A New Orleans, must do. Great place to have a good cup of coffee and Beignets and people watch.Fast food for doughnut lovers!! It's fast , furious and fabulous!! Great coffee, fantastic Beignets!! Don't miss it!!After friends spent the previous day standing in line for 45 minutes at the original stand, I decided to hoof it over to this location in the Riverwalk Mall.  It doesn't have the ambience of the original location, but the beignets were just as good and the cafe au lait was hot and fresh.  Plus, I was able to help a wayward child find her mother and get a much needed belt at the Gap.The best Beignets ever. However the waiter and waitresses treat you like shit. They would have received 5 stars if they had better service. I Asked one waitress to help me twice and said she was busy, asked another waitress for help and she acted as if she didn't hear me. Finally after enjoying the good food I bought 10 more and they wanted to charge me .15 for an extra bag. I said ok and the guy looked like he went to get the bag. After waiting another 5 min the guy came back and said they were sold out of bags. I told him he's crazy and walked over to the window to buy the damn bag. Of course they still had hundreds of bags left and they also charged me the .15 for the bag. If the food wasnt so good at this place I would recommend you not visit, if you so just expect to get treated like SHIT!!Cafe au Lait and beignets that's all that's really here.
Tables are all filled with people and you grab one that is full of sugar and empty dishes while the poor waiter is cleaning it and does a decent job. They have this stare like doing assembly line jobs, dead stare. There is a line for tables and a line for to go orders. This place is very popular.
My younger niece drops us off to do her errands, she helps take care of property of a famous movie director just around the corner and only comes down to do this and rather not deal with the tourist crowds. Me and my other niece are visiting back and have to have our beignets.
It's funny how we avoid the French Quarter when living here but act like a tourist now.
We tip him $5 and some change, feeling sorry for what he has to put up with, it's a never ending crowd of people.
But what an institution this place is.Friendlier and less crowded than the original... we stopped here to get one last fix before leaving the BIg Easy. Quick service, super friendly and super delish. Who wouldn't be happy after being filled up with fried goodness? ;)Why don't we have this in California?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
After getting numerous texts from friends to get beignets while in New Orleans,  we decided to check this place out. 
This place reminded me of Krispy Kreme, in a sense that it had lines as far as the eye can see and you were able to see how the beignets were made.
The taste was definitely something out of this world. Moist and not overwhelmingly sweet!! Just perfect!!!!! The Frozen Cafe Au Lait was nothing like I ever had before. It was perfectly blended with ice and the taste was orgasmic. (Yes, guys can use that word and not sound creepy. I think.... )
The beignets were $2.14 for three pieces. The Frozen Cafe Au Lait  was $4.99 for a large, but make sure you don't order the Iced Cafe Au Lait instead. Iced Cafe Au Lait is just coffee with ice and wasn't that impressive.
We've only been at this location (four times in five days) so I'm not sure how to compare the service to other spots. It did take a long time to get our order, but I didn't really care that much.
The powdered sugar got EVERYWHERE!! 
P.S. I saw Santa Clause at this location. (check out the picture)The main coffee stand is open 24 hours, so it helps to arrive early.  We would usually arrive before 9, and had no problem getting a table.  The beignets are one-of-a-kind and a must when you visit New Orleans.  (We went every day we were there.)  I am not usually a coffee drinker, but even I liked the cafe au lait.  The service was quick and the servers polite.Absolutely scrumptious! I could have easily eaten a dozen of these. Only downside, we went off the posting that lists credit card as a payment option, no such luck had to run over to the ATM to get some money.  Well worth it in the end!What's to say? 3 beignets and a large Cafe au Lait for $5 and change is still a deal some 10 years after the first time I ever experienced it (and yes, I still always buy a box of both the mix and coffee to bring home).My Dad had told me this was one of the places that I HAD to go on my trip to NO and, as usual, he was spot on! Beignets are the bomb! I'd never had one before and it was delicious though super duper messy (I ended up having to go back to the hotel to change my shirt cuz I got covered in powdered sugar). I do wish that I'd known that the coffee I ordered wasn't pre-sweetend (my own fault obviously) or I would have grabbed some sugar on the way out. My friend and I walked over to a bench overlooking the river to enjoy our awesome breakfast.Service was fast. We got just 2 orders of beignets for our group of 5 and it was plenty. Also recommend the chocolate milk for a hot day. Good to try once as a tourist. Not sure I could handle that much sugar on a regular basis.Wonderful New Orleans Experience!! quick service & yummy! I bought a box to go home and make and it brings me back:)Cafe du Monde, in general, is a must-go-to if you love desserts, donuts and don't care about your waist line. AND it's the NOLA/tourist thing to do. I've been to the Original location in the French Quarter before and the crowd wasn't too crazy... this time around it was during Jazzfest weekend and it was packed! Even the take-out line was long...
So we opted to try this location and hardly any line at all. Early morning and this mall was pretty dead. But the beignets and the frozen cafe au lait was just as I remembered, down to the powdered sugar going everywhere!... So worth it.
My only issue was the workers were really slow and they got our order wrong. I'm sure it's an isolated issue, yet it didn't stop us from enjoying what we got.. fresh, hot beignets!Put this place on your bucket list of Places To Eat Before You Die.  I'm serious.
Beignets are a fried triangular dough that are dusted heavily with confectioner's sugar.  You get three for under $2.50.  You won't want to share, trust me.  Order one for yourself - don't share - or fistfights will break out.
On a windy day, you'll get up from your table looking like you just finished off several lines of coke, but it's a badge of honor to walk out covered with a dusting of white sugar on your clothes and face.
Just watch the bathrooms - they can be a bit nasty and lines can be long.  On the plus side, while you're in line, you get to see how the servers line up and slide trays of orders down a railing, picking up drinks and freshly fried beignets before taking a deep breath and braving their way into the enormous maws of starving, sugar-crazy, caffeine-addicted tourist crowds.Coffee is great-- that Chicory business is the business!
Beignets were 'aight.  A little too big for me.  Like 'em smaller so that you can get more powdered sugar on them.  Worth the stop if you're an out of towner!The taste was exactly what I remembered from my childhood, and just as expected.  I also found that it has a shorter line and quicker turnaround than the original, and you can sit in the AC by the windows and look out over the river.  That said, I think you lose a little something without the ambience of the original.Three hot beignet and 2 cups of good coffee for seven bucks.  Yum!I actually found this place to be significantly over-rated.  I'd say it's just over-rated by the locals, but my  brother and good friend have been here seperately in the past few months and both highly recommended the place.  Essentially said "you need to try the begniets at cafe du monde"
They're well priced, only $2.45 for three; which is the only quantity you can purchase them in.   They are covered in powdered sugar, which I barely ate, but I just found the food to be decent.  
What was very strange was that there were literally about 30 employees, not counting kitchen staff, all sitting around.   I was shocked, there were about 30 customers and 30 employees and it's not a very demanding position. The only thing you can order is a begniet and/or coffee.   I hope they're volunteering because if not, the management is seriously overpaying staff. 
Anyways, good times. not great.Beignets are so delicious. Not because it is a special phenomenon but mostly because you get them hot out of the fryer. They are definitely worth at least one trip in New Orleans, although after the first bite you become addicted and it will end up being way more than that.
This location is like any other mall stand, but the added bonus is that they provide a wet towel to clean your hand when you are done.Very tasty, and typically not as busy as the one at Jackson Square.OMGosh!! So good. The wait was short, the service was great. Very personable staff who remembered how I took my coffee when I returned. The warm beignets were to die for! I was craving them everyday I was unable to get back to Du Monde! Just be sure to go with cash since they don't accept credit.Since the line was ridiculously long every day I was in New Orleans, I stopped by the outpost in the Riverwalk, where it was much less crowded.  As everyone else says, there are 2 things to get - the cafe au lait and an order of beignets.
Knowing that it is seemingly a tourist trap, you will pay tourist prices - with 2 large coffees and an order of beignets costing $12.  I'm not sure if there is any difference between a beignet and a zeppole (which you'll find in every Italian fair in New York).  It's an oily piece of fried dough, with powdered sugar.  It's not my favorite to be honest, but my buddy enjoyed it.
My real interest was in trying their famous cafe au lait.  The only adjective that comes to mine is not too descriptive - Interesting.  Chicory coffee is not something that I would seek out if I lived in New Orleans.  There are smoky and herbaceous qualities associated with the coffee.  That being said, the coffee was neither bitter nor particularly strong, which is a good thing in my book.  Overall, a pleasant cup of coffee.
I'm glad I can check this coffee off of my list of coffees to try.  Admittedly, I did buy a can, which I've now made at home and it tasted virtually identical to the version I had there.  Buy it at the coffee stand for $6.22 plus tax - I unknowingly purchased it at Rouses earlier in the day for $8.99 plus tax - which is criminal.Service:
I believe that they can do better job on management. When I was there with fds, many staffs were running around. However, none of them actually serviced me or guided you. We were super confused at the beginning. We just found an empty and unclean table to sit. It takes 15mins for us to get the service. The worst......
Food:
Hot coffee is amazingly good. !!!!! Got some comfort after waiting for 30mins.
Well...maybe order " to go" is better for next time.Beignets to die for sprinkled with powdered sugar and coffee delicately flavored with chicory. What's not to like?
This is in a mall, so it certainly doesn't have the old world ambiance of the primary location. The advantage? It's not nearly as busy.The line is usually shorter at this location (inside the Riverwalk Mall) than the other. Skip the coffee and take your Beignet to the neighboring bar and wash it down with a Hurricane.Beignets were good and very sugary which made it awesome.  I dont care if it was touristy or not.  You have to try it just for the experience.   However, when we sat down the server was like you ready? I didn't realize there was only one thing on the menu.  So i was caught off guard. But Ive never seen anything like it so thats cool.  Also there was a quartet playing on the street when we ate to add to the experience.Not going to Cafe Du Monde while in NOLA is like not going to the Eiffel Tower while in Paris.  That said, the best part of noshing there is the cafe au lait.  It was absolutely fabulous.  The beignets I could take or leave - without the powered sugar they are tasteless.  You can't beat the price, however, just under $5.00 for 3 donuts and terrific coffee.Service is slow, but the place is packed. 
Cash Only, Beignet are the only thing to get and various forms of caffeine or water. Beignets are good, kind of like a tough waffle rolled in sugar.
All in this place met my expectations. However, Donut Man on Route 66 in Glendora is way better.
If in NOLA. I would try this place at least once.Nothing better than powder sugar and cooked dough.... then get a cup of that coffee also.. coffee will guarantee a full recovery from a hangover.. super strong.. not amount of sugar or cream will dilute it either....It's a must visit when in Nola.I guess I'm really easy to please cuz these powdered slices of heaven hit the spot!!!!Get there early.  We arrived just before 9am when they open and we were glad we did.  We were 5th in line and by the time we got our coffee and beignets the line was getting long fast.  The beignets were yummy, the coffee was not so great.   Maybe it was because it was the first batch of coffee for the day? Not sure, but we've had chicory coffee before and this was just...meh.  The beignets were piping hot when we received them and they were just perfect.  The view of the water from this location is really nice.  Be prepared to wait in line (even if you're 5th) it still took us 20 minutes to get the beignets and coffee.  As is typical with New Orleans style, people take their own sweet time.  There was a very sweet man coming around and wiping down everyone's tables and giving everyone wet paper towels to wipe down our hands (they do get stick from eating the beignets).  If you're in New Orleans, you have to go to Cafe Du Monde at least once!We went to the Riverwalk Cafe du Monde location -- their beignets are not as fresh so it can't beat its original location, but, nevertheless, we took our beignets and iced cafe au lait outside to sit beside the Mississippi river to watch the boats go by.  Now this was an added plus!While this location doesn't have the same cafe style ambiance as the original stand, the same beignets, cafe au lait, etc can be found at the end of this riverfront strip mall!  You can still watch them make the beignets and get your fix of fried goodness with your coffee for breakfast, snack, or whenever you feel like it!
The good (compared to the original location):
-The same good stuff for the same price!
-Much shorter lines!
-Plenty of seating
The bad (compared to the original location):
-Mall food court atmosphere
-Mall food court hours (instead of 24/7 at the original)
-A long walk to get to the of the mall to get here-can't they make another entrance?
-Our beignets were a lukewarm since it was mid morning and there wasn't a huge line buying beignets as soon as they were made.During the week the place is fairly empty but on weekend; you will find  a long line for those famous beignets but it is sooo worth it. For silly price of $2.14 for three you get hot and deep fried beignets submerged in powered sugar! You can enjoy them outside under a shade.A noted New Orleans historical land mark it seems, this place is a must try for anyone new to New Orleans.  They have a takeout line or you can sit down and a waitress will bring your coffee to you.  The coffee here has one notable difference to other coffee places and that is chicary.  It gives their coffee a root sort of taste, and with every coffee you must order a beignet which is nothing more than a french doughnut that is fried with powered sugar on top everything was fine, but its not like I will be tearring down the walls to come back, the one big negative one restroom for what seems like hundreds of people.Of course when visiting the French Quarter, everyone tells you to try this place.  I was weary, because I was told it's always packed and could take a while to be served.  I was very pleased when we found a table on the patio right away.  I was even more pleased when we were greeted by a friendly smile as soon as we sat down.  She took out order ( an order of beignets, and 2 chocolate milks), and was back with our oder in like, 5 minutes max.  The beignets were verrrry good!!!  Very messy though!!!Although I am not big into desserts, after visiting Cafe Du Monde, I still dream beignets sometimes. The donut-resembling pastry coated in powdered sugar, the beignets made here are incredible in taste yet simple in concept (fried sugar-coated dough, anyone? :) ). 
Cafe Du Monde features only this delectable snack plus a variety of hot and cold beverages (do try the coffee), but most visitors don't feel that anything is missing. The seating is first-come but waiters quickly serve even larger parties of ever-changing table occupants. In fact, how they keep track of who just sat down and provide such prompt service must be the stuff of restaurant legends. 
As a tip, try the indoor seating--spots are typically available more rapidly, there's air conditioning, and you'll get the assembly line view of waiters queuing to gather goodies. Yum, yum, yum!So beignets are French zeppoles?  Deep-fried dough by any other name...  Guess I've been eating them all my life at the San Gennaro festivals in Little Italy.  
If you don't want to stand in hours-long lines at the original Café Du Monde, this is the next best thing.  Located in the Riverwalk shops, the chicory coffee and beignets are just as good.  The only thing missing is the atmosphere of the French Quarter, which is replaced by the mall-y feel.  But close your eyes, sip your coffee, snort the powdered sugar and you're SO there!Order at the outside window to beat crowds..... Delicious!!!!My Ratings:
Quantity - 3 Stars
Quality - 2 Stars
Price - 2 Stars 
Location - 2 Stars 
Service - 2 Stars 
Speed - 2 Stars
My Opinion/Story:
What is a beignet and how do you even say it? As we walked along their mini-mall, we couldn't avoid to notice this stand.  Curiosity and hunger lead us to try one of their "donuts" and coffee.  The service is super slow and it almost made me walk away and forget the experience.  But when we got our orders taken, we had to wait a few more minutes to get them.  I must say, its not as I expected.  It's one of those things that makes you think, why the heck did I wait that long for this?  Like what other reviewers were saying, it's overrated.  The beignet tastes like bread dipped in old oil strategically covered in sugar powder to hide the taste... (psshh, like I'm fooled).  The coffee tastes quite bitter and no matter how much milk I add to it, it still tastes bad.  I even wonder if that's how the beignets are suppose to taste.  For the price that I'm paying, I expected better quality to contrast the bad service... unfortunately, both are bad at this place.  This definitely scared me off from trying other beignets.I was afraid that Cafe Du Monde was not going to live up to the hype but fortunately I found it to be as good as everyone has said it to be.  I just happened to be passing by and found this location inside the Riverwalk marketplace.  The beignets were very fresh and the Cafe Au Lait was delish.  $2 and change for 3 beignets makes it a very affordable tourist treat!  Just note that it's best to eat the Beignets within 5-10 minutes after purchase.  I enjoyed mine at a window seat looking out into the Mississippi river.  If you must...the Jackson Square location is more lively and open 24 hours but I think it takes away from the food experience.Yummy beignets and coffee. Beignets were light, tasty and not greasy; way better than the competition. 
It is cash only. I would have given them five stars but service was prompt but not friendly.