Found this place because the place that we were trying to go with wad closed, and we were not disappointed. I got the breakfast sandwich with bacon on whole wheat which was delicious and my spouse had the biscuit sandwich. Both were easy on the stomach and the staff was friendly. Quaint little joint. Be mindful of your surroundings. And try the coffee !Love this Cafe!
Atmosphere is great. Very relaxed. I like coming here for breakfast or lunch. They make delicious coffee and have almond milk:) They also have a variety of vegan cookies and last time they even had vegan brownie!
Outside they have a few tables were you can just sit and sip coffee, watching people pass by on Frenchman. 
Make sure you go:)Awful. Don't waste your time. Waited over 20 minutes for an egg and cheese sandwich. Didn't have the garlic butter it said it would have. For eight dollars for a bacon egg and cheese, your money will be much better spent elsewhere. Rude chef.I love everything about this spot. The history, the rose chai, and the amazing hospitality. 
I think this is my new fav coffee shop in my new fav town.This cafe is definitely a local place, and highly recommended. I ordered the soup of the day, an avocado gazpacho soup to which I added a little salt and a few dashes of hot sauce, I mean, when in Rome right. I also ordered the breakfast burrito with alligator sausage, also very tasty. My pal ordered the jerk chicken wrap which had a lovely fresh ginger and sweet flavor, I know this because I took a bite. The only thing was nothing came with the wraps, no pickle, chips, macaroni salad... Just the sandwiches on the plate... The sandwiches, one soup of the day and two 16.9 oz bottles of water came to $27.05
I'm a little disappointed with the cost for lunch, but the food was fresh, tasty and the service was very pleasant.A pretty good breakfast/brunch option on Frenchman. 
The food was reasonably-priced and fresh-tasting, even if it wasn't terribly exciting.  The menu offers more variety than the average breakfast joint.  Huevos rancheros came with eggs cooked properly over easy and black beans that had a little flavor to them.  Pico de gallo was a bit pallid, though, and the tortillas weren't the greatest.  Not a bad plate of food, all in all.  The best thing on it was alligator sausage (bold and spicy), which was an add-on (see below).
The decor somehow feels a little 1990s-ish (sort of mix between Pottery Barn and Marigny boho), but it's charming enough.
A few minor annoyances, but they add up:
--The wait for our food was too long (a half-hour or more), given that the restaurant was almost empty at around 9am on a weekday.
--You have to pay in full for a coffee or tea refill.  (The coffee was decent, but not good enough to justify such pricing.)
--You order at a counter, which may not give you much time to look over the menu.  The British gal at the counter was friendly and cheerful, but be careful:  She was a bit slick about upselling breakfast sides.  I can't remember verbatim how she phrased the answer to my question in response to her question about which side I wanted, but she made it sound like the sides come with the breakfast entrees.  She then rang up my sausage separately.  (I was aware of this before I paid and made a quick decision to go along with it, but I suspect some folks will be caught unawares.)
--The cook who brought out our food was one grumpy mammajamma on this morning, but then he was there only a second or two to put our plates down, so not too big of a deal.  (Pretty sure that's him smiling broadly in one of the featured Yelp photos, so maybe he was just having a bad morning!)
--Noise levels were pretty bad given the time of day--the sound system was a bit loud, and a couple of cabbies were howling with laughter at what appeared to be Youtube videos on their smartphones.  So, if you've got a hangover, Cafe Rose Nicaud may not be your best bet.I spent a month in New Orleans for work and frequented this spot for early morning coffee.  Friendly staff and good selection of drinks.  Food is surprisingly good as well considering it is a small coffee shop. I really enjoyed the jerk chicken wrap, had a wonderful spice to it.   They appear to make everything fresh in house. Very refreshing to see. The cafe also offers tables outside which provide great people watching for the Frenchmen St. scene. I already miss this place now that I am back in Chicago. Definitely worth checking out if your in the area.Delicious breakfast spot.  It's not far from the Frenchmen market.  I liked and recommend their Mexican mocha, house black coffee, fruit parfait and the BLT.  Ambiance is casual and it's best for a small group of 4 or couples.After checking in twice, I became the Yelp Duke of this place.  This gives me very little power, but does tell us that people do not check-in here very often.  It is not a Mac-hipster kind of place.  Equally, there are few power outlets, just enough to keep the place clean.  
This rings true, I have not seen people on their lap-tops in here.  It is more of a social vibe and all the better for it.  I do not get the impression that you would be unwelcome to bring that Mac, just that you would be alone in doing so.
I like that.
Food is good, coffee is good, as well covered in other reviews.The absolute best kale pear salad in the world!!!!Has a sandwich ever saved your life?
I apologize for the grandiose statement. But in all seriousness, sometimes I think that the humble sandwich is one of the most perfect creations of all time. 
Today I was having one of those days. I stupidly parked far away from my destination and walked a half mile to find out the store I needed to be open, wasn't in fact open for another 45 minutes. Add to that, my parking meter had 20 minutes on it and I had to walk back the half mile to make it in time. Add to THAT, I hadn't eaten in about 18 hours. 
And it was pretty freaking hot out.
And my feet hurt.
And, I'll spare you the rest of the tiresome details, but after moving my car and parking yet again far far away from where I needed to be, I finally found myself on Rose Nicaud's doorstep, slightly bedraggled and one might say "famished" (if one were as prone to hyperbole as Yours, Truly). 
Hello, lifesaving breakfast sandwich of scrambled egg and cheddar on whole grain bread! It had just the right amount of ingredients, was a nice and tidy eat and hit the mothereffing spot.
Within 15 minutes, I had my energy back. Within 20 I was ready to seize the day.
Breakfast is served until noon.
As I walked the 4th half mile of my day down the sizzling hot sidewalk, I mentally penned my homage to the sandwich. It's not quite ready, but I'll let you know when that happens.Nice atmosphere in this cafe where locals meet on Frenchmen street. I ordered the granola, which I thought was delicious at first but it started to get super sweet midway through the bowl.
The staff is very nice and helpful and greeted me with a smile.This was a really good brunch option for our small group. $3 mimosa and $4.50 Bloody Mary all this weekend. 
The mimosa was terrific - generous champagne and a splash of juice. We had a couple of them. The bloody mary was definitely enjoyed by folks. 
It is an 'order at the counter, and they deliver your food' place and the staff were really friendly. I had the Sweet Southern Breakfast - scrambled egg, curried roasted potato (which I didn't like, but the wife loved), and avocado. The wife had the Grits bowl (cheesy, rosemary grits) with goat cheese and a soft boiled egg - the grits were very good. Both were served with a big, tender biscuit. 
Our friends had the Southern Breakfast - and tried the alligator sausage, which was tasty, and the Veggie Scramble - and she was really glad she ordered this. 
We would definitely come back during our time here, since we are staying in the edge of the Marigny neighborhood. They have a great looking selection of sweet and savory pastries, which are calling me back.Great little cafe/breakfast spot in New Orleans! Perfect location adjacent to a lovely little park and steps away from the French Quarter too. I figured this would be a great spot to continue my experience of southern cuisine, so I ordered myself one of their southern breakfast platters. This included two eggs (scrambled), grits, alligator sausage, and a biscuit. Now, the grits and alligator were new to me, so when I saw that on the menu, I figured 'Why the Hell not?!'. The grits were great! They may not look appetizing, but the taste is quite alright. It was very flavorful and sweet, but not too sweet, as it served as a wonderful counterpart to the rest of the meal.
Now the alligator sausage, ooh boy. I was not even aware that one can indulge in alligator before this day, but I knew in my heart I was ready for this. It didn't taste terrible! In fact, it tasted great! (My midwestern-ness is showing...sorry for you southern Yelpers that may read this). It had a tiny bit of a kick to it compared to regular pork sausage, I loved it! And then the biscuit, oh Lord! Never underestimate the power of a good biscuit.
Wonderful breakfast. Plus the iced coffee wasn't too bad neither. Moderately priced meal altogether, and the servers were a delight as well.Nice place, relaxing location, lovely atmosphere, stellar ginger lemonade.The Ginger Limeade is so amazing I've been dreaming about it and need to find a way to make it at home, ever since I tasted it a couple days ago.  
I was also impressed by the number of GF and vegan menu items.  We stopped in for coffee and limeade and had already eaten, otherwise we would have taken advantage of their breakfast menu that looked amazing.Must visit in New Orleans! The cold brew and is amazing and the food is awesome! Defiantly should try out their Bloody Mary too!A really lovely place for breakfast (and possibly other meals) in a popular section of NOLA that, blessedly, seems to cater more to locals than to tourists. If we lived in NOLA we'd be here very regularly, whether for a full meal or just a coffee and some quiet time.I love this place, I stop here several times a week. I am completely addicted to the Ginger Limeade. The Rose Benedict is by far the best thing I have ever eaten for breakfast! The staff are all wonderful, but I love my girl Christie the best, she gets very creative. 
Plenty of seating, large windows,fun,  friendly and free wifi. 
Can't say enough how much I enjoy this place!Really good little breakfast and lunch joint.   I had a breakfast sandwich on a biscuit topped with pico de gallo, and a coffee.   Had a bite of my partner's rosemary grits.....SO GOOD!   Absolutely no refills on coffee, but a large is big enough that you don't really need one anyway.I have been living down the street for about 5 years. I keep coming back because i like to support small local women owned businesses. They also have a good selection of vegetarian friendly and health conscious items. But everything here costs more by a couple dollars than it does at all the other locales  around the area, the $ sign is very inaccurate. and despite the higher costs, they only put a single shot in their latte!, their espresso and chai drinks are never consistent. they use fake eggs or something on their breakfast sandwiches (you'd like for 5 dollars for a biscuit and egg you could get a better egg?), the counter helpers are all pretty nice but the place feel very thankless... other places I have patronized for 5 years people know who i am and are just more neighborly. i end up disappointed when i go over there.Dropped by on Mardi Gras for a late breakfast.  They had a set menu, no substitutions.  There were a lot of people. The food came fast and the cafe drinks were given to you right away.  The breakfast burrito I had was good.  Monique got the BLT, she said it was good.Quiet, open, clean, and, most of all, delicious. Breakfast is no-frills (except for the delicious rosemary cheese grits), but satisfying, well-prepared, and served in perfect portions. The coffee is hot, the service is friendly, and you don't have to crawl over everyone else around Bourbon Street if you're in town for the weekend to party.Nice little cafe on the side of small park. My late was pretty good considering they don't pull their own espresso. The crowd their was an amazing array of New Orleans locals. I couldn't tell you how their food is because I left after 20 mins waiting for bagel with lox. Their were 4 people working including what appeared to be the owner but no one really seemed to care.. the owner was busy complaining about some TV show that was being filmed in the middle of the cafe for everyone to see/hear. 
The price was fair, so just don't expect your food quicklyThis is my coffee shop.  Today I ran in and ordered an iced coffee with a little milk, 3 kombuchas (locally made) and a fruit and yogurt parfait because they were out of my favorite morning glory muffin.  Everything is always fresh and the service is excellent.  They even have a hot breakfast menu.  Breakfast burritos and breakfast sandwiches.  The parfait I order today was delicious, it had fresh sliced strawberries and blue berries with plain low fat yogurt and pecan granola.  She even brought it out to me with a spoon.  Cafe Rose is also a great place to people watch!  Character filled neighborhood.Love the combination of a relaxed atmosphere you get in a cafe with the wonderfully mixed drinks that you get in a bar. Overall it's a great place to have a cup of coffee or meet up with friends.Entering this cafe I found it to be a pleasant space with nice, mellow music.  However, once I sat down with a beverage and food, my opinion of the place was dampened.  The coffee was drinkably mediocre and the turkey sandwich was deservedly served on a styrofoam plate. The multigrain bread and spring greens are not enough to make up for the little bit of cheap lunch meat and thin film of cheese, which, *surprise,* is slathered with unannounced mayo and mustard (ick).   This is served with a thin slice of orange rind for a whopping $7.
Just try not to come here desperately starving.By far my favorite coffee shop and breakfast place in New Orleans. Friendly folks behind the counter will try to remember your name and what you like day-to-day. Coffee is strong and the food, including delicious breakfast sandwiches on hearty bagels, is outstanding. This is a bright, relaxing gathering place for artists, musicians, and chatty locals, not a brooding hipsters-with-laptops type place, although many regulars take advantage of the free wi-fi. If I could move within walking distance of Rose Nicaud, life would be perfect.Great place for breakfast during Mardi Gras season. They are quick with their orders and very friendly even when they are bogged down with lots of customers. Try their breakfast burrito. It comes with no frills, but you can add bacon or avocado to give it a little extra. While you are ordering your breakfast, you can also order a Bloody Mary because Cafe Rose Nicaud also has a liquor license. Yay!   The only reason they are getting 4/5 stars is because of the lack of seating. Tough to find a seat, so you might want to get there before the rush or after. Enjoy!Lovely cafe on Frenchmen St. Came in here for breakfast at about 830am and was the only one there. It filled up pretty quick as the morning went on tho. 
I got the rose Benedict, and it was pretty darn good. I loved the flavors of it all, especially when it got down to the portobello mushrooms. What didn't really work as well was the biscuit they were sitting on, it didn't seem that fresh to me. But the dish itself worked overall. 
Topped the meal off with a rose chai latte, delish!We went to Cafe Rose Nicaud because we were staying nearby in the Marigny and wanted a simple breakfast rather than a huge New Orleans breakfast.  The scrambled eggs were good - not overcooked and a huge portion.  They had choices of bread, which is always nice.  It is a casual local spot - there was a big table of older local neighbors catching up over coffee.Love the vibe here. Good food, especially the delicious homemade "jam" which was actually fresh pureed strawberries. Great place to start the day.A friendly, comfortable place to relax for breakfast, lunch, or coffee. I had a delicious jerk chicken sandwich here and ended up staying and relaxing for a while. I came back a few days later to have the jerk chicken again but ended up getting the veggie scramble (also good). Great staff, great food. Go.Such a sweet cafe with great breakfast sandwiches. There are a bunch of veg options and the menu is quite accommodating. I went in for Easter brunch and it was absolutely lovely eating outside and people watching. I love this side of town, the houses are so gorgeous.Excellent option for breakfast. Had the southern breakfast with alligator sausage. The rosemary grits are right on the point. Had a ginger limeade which hit the spot very refreshing and awakening great alternate to a coffee in the morning. My girlfriend had the Rose Benedict which is the signature dish for this quaint spot. That as well was very delightful. Everything was cooked spot on. I'd definitely come back again.But, why are the croissants gone?!  
A great little spot just off a popular nighttime block, Cafe Rose Nicaud is just darling! You can usually tell that a place is both fresh and delicious when what you want has run out by the time you order. As disappointing as it might have been, my egg sandwich was just as good on their nutty wheat toast as it would have been on a croissant. And the coffee? I would have exceeded my normal cup dosage to a whopping 4 cups if they would have allowed it.The young lady at the counter was hyper and condescending.  To everyone that ordered - local and tourist alike. It took a half hour for a carry out and there were only four tables and three of them already had food. The cook basically threw my carry out bag at me.  Incredibly expensive for what we got.   Never againThere were lots of lovely looking treats and fine coffee.  I was disappointed when our scone got microwaved and turned into a rock! The three layer cake, though, THAT was awesome.This place is a gem and provides a break from other crowded touristy options. Good food, good service, definitely can't complain. We had the Rose Benedict with alligator sausage, jerk chicken, and iced rose chai latte. All worth trying, and recommended to me in the reviews below.Great little coffee place and light lunch. I've never had an unpleasant experience and by that I mean the staff and locals who frequent the place. With the staff you almost feel like you're asking a family member or friend for a cup of coffee. Food is good, fresh and priced well.Great spot for breakfast or brunch..Mimosas on deck! I ordered the tofu scramble with olives and onions mixed in. I eat a lot of tofu, but I've never had it like this before. It's cooked well and doesn't taste plain at all. Served along side toast and strawberry preserves.
The decor is eclectic as well as the girl behind the counter! And I love how you can express yourself, your business freely with its own unique style here in New Orleans!!The food is delicious and the coffee for me was great. The service is a little slow but the food is made to order so worth the wait.We were searching for a quick, easy but delicious breakfast while in town, and this place was PERFECT. Their avacado toast was the best I've ever had (red onions, cucumbers and sweet chili sauce were great additions), and we'd definitely recommend this place!This place had everything going against it. Long line, limited seating, urban hipster clientele, a girl with a really annoying voice sitting next to me. Think Fran Drescher sucking on helium. But I'm happy to say, it held its own against all odds. I fell in love with the blackberry lemonade, sans alcohol of course. I devoured the rose benedict, and I enjoyed the free wifi. I think this place is worth the long walk from the overly touristy area of Bourbon street.BEST breakfast burrito I've had in forever. So creamy so good and the fresh squeezed orange juice. My sis and I are so happyStopped in here for a low-key and reputably delicious breakfast on our last trip to NOLA. Very cute, laid-back, no fuss interior. While crowded, the line moved easily and we were seated and ready to grub within 5 or so minutes. 
   I ordered the breakfast burrito with sausage and an iced mocha. Breakfast burrito was stuffed full of real, fluffy, flavorful eggs and juicy sausage. The pico really brought it all home for me - 4.5 stars.The iced mocha... dear God. I never wanted it to end! By far one of the best iced mochas I have ever tasted, I was sad when it was all gone.
  Hubby got the southern breakfast and gave it rave reviews... he loved the cheesy grits! One point worth mentioning is the homemade biscuit and either home made or locally made strawberry preserves. Whole slices of strawberries and this INCREDIBLE strawberry glaze/liquid pooled on the biscuit and dripped down the sides - it was TOO good. 
   I miss this place and vow to return anytime I am in town. I can't wait to try some of their other menu items - those around us seemed to really enjoy everything they ordered as well.Excellent food & service! Visited four days in a row for breakfast and tried something different each day. Breakfast burrito & tofu scramble were awesome, pastries very fresh and fruit salad filled with berries. Lots of locals as well, good people watching. Full espresso bar.Excellent service and food, lots of breakfast and lunch options and affordable prices.I had a yummy tofu scramble here. They also have vegan muffins, cookies and brownies. The people are really friendly and there is tons of room to chill out. Really cute place. Looked like they had good vegan sandwiches too.I'm a local but this was my first time here with a friend who was visiting. The food was fantastic and the customer service was spot on. Although it was our first time, it was very easy to figure out how everything works. I will definitely be back to explore the menu.It was our last vacation day in NOLA. Since myself and my daughter were eating heavy but delicious southern food throughout the city. It was time to get back on track by eating healthy.
I stumbled across this lovely cafe and was happy I did so. I ordered avocado toast and a hibiscus ice tea. My daughter ordered eggs with rosemary organic grits and alligator sausage (yes alligator).  The food was light, filling and healthy (not heavy nor greasy).  There were other items I wanted to try (homemade granola and fruit, baked goods and breakfast salad, fresh squeezed juices, etc).  I choose to go with the avocado toast. Service was good. You walk up to the counter, order and the food is brought out to the table by the server. It's a simple cute cafe in Mariginy (Frenchman St area).  Service was good, the staff was nice and prices very reasonble for healthy food items.Had the southern breakfast...very good...the alligator sausage was great...wasn't a fan of the strawberry preserve...but the restaurant is nice and staff is friendly...order your food first then take a seat ( important to know )Wonderful. Coffee is perfect, service is quick and the Rose Benedict was the best dish I had all trip and we went to Coop's, Commander's Palace and Coquette so that's saying something.While in New Orleans I walked by this place several times in the evenings and decided to try it. Went in for breakfast before leaving town and really enjoyed it. Love the atmosphere, the staff, and the art on the walls. Great getaway from the Quarter too. I had the breakfast burrito and a side of yellow grits. Very good.Great place! Good amount of sitting room, lots of plugs along the walls by the windows if you're willing to share a round table with others. Sharing a round table means getting to know some locals, as an added perk. Got the veggie scrambler, and it was just right. Toast to go with it and some chai made for a very tasty brunch.
This is what I was looking for as a visitor in town who needed a place to go and work on my computer for several hours, with free wifi. Calm, casual place that's away from the crowds and where the staff seems comfortable with paying guests sitting around to get some work done.Wow this is my 300th review! I'd try to think of something profound to write, but it's after midnight. Sorry!
Cafe Rose Nicaud in the Marigny was a short walk from our French Quarter hotel and out of the main tourist zone. That meant friendly neighborhood service and fair prices. Like many other New Orleans breakfast/brunch places, it's order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. 
Cappuccino came in 3 sizes. Thank you for XL! Rose Nicaud's relaxed morning pace was New Orleans Big Easy. We were not rushed from our table.
I enjoyed the Southern Breakfast which came with scrambled eggs, rosemary cheese grits and alligator sausage. I chose bread instead of a Southern biscuit since I'm not a big fan of them. Nothing jumped out at me as memorable. Ha, the alligator sausage was memorable! It was spiced and juicy but not greasy. I was surprised the alligator sausage was so tasty compared to deep fried bits. This was the day after we saw alligators on the swamp tour. Hakuna Matata.Great espresso drinks, tasty muffins and cozy neighborhood vibe; glad we stopped in x 2 on our weekend trip to Nola!In the city of New Orleans, especially in the french quarter and the surrounding areas, you would be hard pressed to find food that isn't wonderful if not exceptional,
This place serves to be wonderful and quaint in a small and comfortable but spacious restaurant. The menu is a wide assortment of breakfast parfaits, fruit, full southern breakfasts, sandwiches and an assorted drink selection. The coffee they have is both from Nicaragua and the decaf is a french roast. 
When I arrived here, being slightly hungover and hungry from the Mardi Gras festivities the night before, my contentment rose from a failing 13% to 105% from the southern breakfast, sparkling water and orange juice. Changing out the bacon for Alligator was a great choice. The tables are intimate, but with enough space in between them to have comfortable seating, as well as a wide window and out door seating for Frenchman Street music and people watching. All in all,
It was a great experience, the food was wonderful, the waitresses and waiters were
Friendly and welcoming and the service was--a little slow--but not enough to be minded as an inconvenience by myself and the group I was with.This restaurant is out of the tourist area, so if you want something a little more quiet, it's a plus. However, I probably wouldn't return, as there are a few other restaurants in the area that I prefer. 
Atmosphere: quiet, quaint, locals, dog friendly sidewalk seating area. This is order at the counter style. The menus are hand written on the wall. There are a handful of breakfast options with descriptions. My only complaint here is that it's hard to read the small print if your eyes are slightly less than 20/20. 
Food: I had the southern breakfast, with alligator meat sausage. The sausage was great. The scrambled eggs and grits were ok, just very bland. I did what I could with salt and hot sauce. The sourdough bread was just ok. The pastry was good, but not the best. 
Service: all workers were friendly, but the food was slow to come out to the table, ~20 minutes. 
Overall, I think a few changes could be made to make this restaurant great.I am giving this place one star only because the Iced Mocha was sweet enough for me to enjoy. The customer Service was horrid the girl at the counter seemed to not even be excited to working there or that she had a job. She didn't seem to know anything about the food items or had a smug attitude when asked about certain food items. I'm pretty easygoing-loud laughing gal but this was just unacceptable. I gave her tip only because it seemed like she needed something to cheer up her day. I ordered a deluxe grilled cheese with wheat bread and got a disgusting sandwich ( which you can't fuck up a grilled cheese, yet somehow they did!) It is an example of a lack of listening skills and caring about what the customer requested. I then tried to call several times to speak with a manager and the line was busy for over an hour-absolutely disappointing and I must say for me disturbing.OWNER OF THIS BUSINESS, LISTEN UP:
You are not being represented well. Your server taking orders got several wrong in a party of four, including getting one person's order wrong twice. She was not apologetic, focused on making the customer wrong and overshadowed your delicious food. I ordered the Rose Benedict with garlic mayo on the side with alligator sausage. The order, while delicious, was lukewarm, the mayo was not on the side and there was no alligators sausage. I stood in line with my plate and ate my breakfast standing to avoid it getting any colder, waiting my turn to let your employee know about the error. By the time I got to the counter, my meal was finished. She stated I did not ask for the sausage, nor did she charge for it. Unfortunately, she did not give a receipt to anyone in our party so we don't know that to be true. She asked me if I wanted to pay for the sausage now and that it would arrive several orders down the line. 
There was no apology and nor offer to comp the sausage now that my breakfast was already completed. 
I strongly recommend some customer service training for your employee.Went here for a late breakfast/lunch. The food was very good, however I was a little disappointed by the portion size. Got the funky chicken sandwich and a mimosa. The sandwich was delicious but I was still hungry after. The mimosa was 5.50 for a little plastic cup of oj and Champaign. Needed some more depth or presentation because I was not impressed. All in all spent ~16 bucks on a  breakfast, albeit a tasty one, that I was still hungry afterwards. In that sense I think it is a little overpriced.We stopped in for a drink and quick bite after a tipsy afternoon. The service was wonderful. We each had a pastry and we split an iced chai latte. My pear and brie tart was rich and flavorful, and my husband's strawberry banana tart was flaky and gooey. He's not normally one for sweets but he raved about it. We will definitely have to swing by next time we're in town.Peanut Butter Jelly, banana & honey on 9 grain toast was good.  Quiche of the day was sad.  Place is cute, tables on the sidewalk.  They could greet their guest with a smile & a hello.This was a great experience! We looked for something that didn't have a long wait for a late breakfast and this place was perfect. I tried the Rose Benedict and it was delicious and incredible. The staff was kind and service was great. I will definitely be a new regular at this quaint little cafe in the heart of the Marigny.Breakfast burrito and sausage were amazing and very fresh fruit salad.  Excellent!!  Wish I wasn't over 1k miles away now so I could go again tomorrow.  The tofu scramble I was told was good, but not as good as Amy's from the grocery store.  Since someone else in our group had it I can't say for sure, but just wanted to mention it. We only drank coffee, so I can't speak to the other drinks, but coffee was good.  A real bonus location on Frenchmen Street.Great relaxed coffee bar and breakfast/ lunch joint... Good food, affordable prices... Funky chill atmosphere. Bus your own tables. Great neighborhood hangout. Eggs were delicious but a little bit cold. They get a bit overwhelmed on busy mornings.but the coffee is fab!Stopped in during a quick trip down Frenchmen Street. Didn't get what we ordered exactly but had to be going so we ate our grilled cheese with cheddar without comment. They were decent. Nothing spectacular but they were one of the cheapest items on the menu so didn't expect much. Just disappointed they couldn't get such a simple order correct. I recommend if you come here be very explicit in making your order. Other than that, nice cheap eats.Not a bad place - tried for the first time. Good vibes, good atmosphere. Took a while to walk here from where we're staying but nice walk thru city. A lil seedy - might be nervous at night.
Update: the alligator sausage is off the hoooook good!!! Be sure to order the Rose Benedict!!!!Great little café - plenty of seating. We didn't try the food but did get their two drink specials - the coffee was good but the rose chai latte was worth returning again and again for.Quick review : Cafe Rose Nicaud delivers a perfectly adequate meal in a quaint, charming setting on Frenchman, a street worth exploring both during the day and at night for visitors to NOLA. Prices are very reasonable, under $10 for an entrée and a drink. 
Details :
If you'd like a relaxing breakfast/brunch experience in a location away from the mainstream tourism of New Orleans, Cafe Rose Nicaud is a great option! 
We visited on a weekday morning, and it was busy (always a good sign for a restaurant) but we had no trouble grabbing a table. You order at the counter and then select your seating.
My boyfriend went with the Southern Breakfast, scrambled eggs, grits, bacon and biscuit combo, and I selected the Sweet Southern, scrambled eggs, roasted potatoes, avocado slices and biscuit. They forgot to include jam/butter to dress my biscuit (which was slightly burnt on the top), really no matter as my boyfriend shared his. Potatoes and eggs were average, and they gave me half an avocado which was a nice surprise.
Also, to reiterate what seems to pop up in quite a few reviews, it takes quite some time for the food to come out. They only had one guy in the kitchen and one young lady taking orders/serving food, so if you're looking for a quick meal this might not be the best option.
Overall, a very nice experience! 4 stars for the fact that a couple aspects of the meal could be improved and the wait time to receive food is a long one.Walked across town for Dinner. They decided to close early because it was raining- very disappointing!Overall: Just an average brunch spot. Seemed to be the best option in the area for it.
The good: The counter service was very friendly. Plenty of options to choose from. The biscuits were awesome. Portions are decent size. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed and they play good music.
The bad: The food took a loong time to come out, and it also came out at various times (some came out, then the rest of the party still had to wait). On the more expensive side for what you get. No free refills on coffee or anything. No service after ordering. Most of the food was average.
Atmosphere: 8/10
Service: 7/10
Food: 7/10Great place with a cool interior to wait out the hottest part of the day, if you're caught in the heat after naively wandering miles away from your hotel room while unthinkingly exploring Frenchmen St during daylight hours. If you're lucky you might meet some friendly locals who'll give you some tips on where to go next!Organic , and fresh strong coffee made to ur liking - perfect ! 
Order at the counter and the chef brings out your meal to the table 
The place is clean and the staff are so nice , 
My rose egg benedict was so perfect , 
I added alligator sausage to my meal , which  u have to try- one of the best sausage I have tasted in a long time ; a most  
I also tried their pear and Brie cheese tart and a mushroom and brie tart both were excellent .
Only con  I can say is perhaps they can  heat up their tarts  in a toaster oven Vs a microwave .
But regardless everything I tried tasted was  fresh and tasty , 
But,  most of all their coffee is perfect . 
 Also , the young woman behind the counter ( I forgot her name )  is beautiful and a very sweet person. 
So go enjoy a great cup of coffee  with some friends .great staff that was busting her butt to take care of the counter. food came out fast and not over done. Jelly was delicious. had to pick up some baked goods for later they looked and tasted so good. By far the best biscuit i had in NOLA.Very good breakfast place! Nice espresso, cappuccino and granola. Service a bit slow though. But a good alternative to the places in the French Quarter. Nice to have Yelp to find those!Looked clean and quant. It had curb appeal so we came in for a bite. Very detailed menu of items but limited selection.They don't cater to customers for anything except for what is on the menu which is fine but they don't cater to egg styles either.. over medium is not an option. There is no making your own simple sandwich. 5 of us (a group I am traveling with) walked in at separate times and 5 of us walked out and bought nothing. It was very disturbing to see how perplexed the cashier was about customizing an order and how she said it was hard to customize when we were the only people ordering. I do not recommend we walked up to Decatur and ate wellFirst off this is on Frenchman St which is where the locals go for amazing music. This place has some good pizza and other bar foods but the bands that they have play here are top notch. I highly recommend that anyone coming to the city come check this place out. 
Right now I am listing to some great live music that is a regular here and plays everything from classic rock to contemporary. Oh and if that isn't enough they have a brass band sound and they do play some of the greats of that genre. Why aren't you here yet?There were four of us staying on Esplanade and we were looking for breakfast/brunch restaurant within walking distance. We had a fantastic experience at Cafe Rose Nicaud. There is a huge beverage selection, as well as unique and delicious breakfast food. I will need to stop back for lunch.