Our last August 'Coolinary' meal for this year. Totally enjoyed everything. Great fried green tomatoes as appetizer, chicken marsala w penne alfredo, completed w tiramisu. All delicious. Good service and atmosphere, although a bit loud.First time dining at this restaurant and was very pleased. The atmosphere, staff, and entertainment left nothing more to be desired. The Food was excellent and both my wife and I agreed it was some of the best Italian we have had in the city. If I had one complaint it would be that the cocktails we ordered were way to sweet but that's just being picky. I will be back ! Thanks for a great night !Love that they could seat our group of 8 immediately for an early dinner on Friday night. Apps were good, I ordered duck - it was a bit overseasoned for my tastes, the waitress said because in Nola people complain if it isnt seasoned well. For the price it could have been better total bill for 8 was over $300 , as far as I heard everyone else was happy with their meal. 
The opera singer walking around the restaurant was neat, a bit loud , but I learned that everywhere in Nola is loud. Husband had fish of the day and says it was really good.I had high expectations for this place but the taster was a let down; even returned one plate.  While voluminous the quality was lacking.  Our server was pretty slow and under-informed on the menu as well.  There's lots of good food in NOLA, don't waste your time here.We went there for Easter and it was wonderful. The 3 course meal was not only a good deal but it was delicious. The service was very good. We got there an hour early and they sat us down after 10 minutes. The grilled fresh fish was very good. We will be back!Crappy Italian at its finest.  Soda pop is $3.00 and no refills.  The waiter was extremely rude and the place is so dark its hard to read the menu.  Worst marinara sauce I have ever had.  Don't waste ur hard earned money way too expensive!!!As locals, I embarrassed to say we've never been here before.  We fixed that tonight and suffice it to say, we'll be back again and again.  What a delicious meal and perfect experience.  Loved absolutely everything.What? We paid 90.00 for mediocre food, poor service and a pretentious attitude that did not mix well with the worn decor. Daughter spilled a drink, many servers stand around to watch then look with surprise when I ask for assistance and additional napkins. 26.00 penne pasta? Overdressed salad, a child's spaghetti and one cocktail = 85.00. Uncertain what I did to offend the concierge who recommended the place but my deepest apologies.This place was amazing. I'm from NYC and know Italian cooking and this food was exceptional. Both the hostess and our waitress were the epitome of southern hospitality. The bruschetta was delicious as was the four cheese pasta entree with fried eggplant. I went with a party of five all from NYC who all agreed the meal was amazing and loved their respective dishes. The place is a little pricey and while we didn't feel cheated I see no reason why a pasta dish should be more than 15 dollars especially without meat or seafood. Due to pricing I was initially compelled to give this restaurant 4 stars but looking at previous reviews I felt this restaurant deserved more credit than its been given.As I write this, I am actually sitting here. To begin, the atmosphere and decor is great for the sit down restaurant, however the service was horrible! The food was great though. We were a party of 6 ladies.While visiting New Orleans we looked for a special restaurant to celebrate my husband's birthday the food was good but the owner/manager was rude and demonstrated he did not come close to meeting his business model.  He spoke of how the reason he is in business is to provide a dining experience to remember.  We sure will remember how poor our experience was wishing we had dined at one of the many other outstanding restaurants in the French Quarter.Went here with my coworker one night - she had chicken fettuccini Alfredo and and loved it. I had a house special - veal locicero - like a piccata but with some added elements - artichokes and baby shrimp. It had great flavor but the veal wasn't as tender as I like. The service was great and the entertainment was amazing. A fabulous classical pianist played while we dined and male and female opera singers accompanied him. They were all wonderful but the man stole the show when he donned a napkin on his face and sang Phantom of the Opera. It was a riot. I would recommend a stop here when in NOLAWe were going for the opera singers which we found out are only on Wed, Thur, and Fri. The food was decent. The service was very good. I noticed some iffy silverware. Maybe I'm a snob after working at Commanders Palace but I noticed water drop stains. I'm not sure I would go back only bc I can think of other places that are really good.Took a friend here for his birthday, overall we enjoyed it.  The environment was nice, the staff was nice, but somewhat, slow.  We had the following:
- Chef Duke's Oven Baked Cheesy Garlic Bread with Marinara - how can you go wrong with cheesy garlic bread?  It was delicious and cheesy!!
- Oysters Giovanni - Lightly Fried & Served on a Stained Glass of Five Sauces - supposedly this is an award winning dish.. the oysters were very small! (hence the pictures) All I tasted was breading and sauce.. no oysters!
- Spicy Caprese Seafood Plate - Louisiana Crawfish & Shrimp in a Spicy Aioli Sauce Over a Sliced Tomato & Mozzarella  - very light and refreshing, a well balanced appetizer 
- Sautéed Louisiana Shrimp in a Sweet & Spicy Sauce, Portabella Mushroom, Fried Green Tomato & Creamy Corn Grits - delicious, but I just wish they had a little more grits, it would of balanced out the saltiness of the sauce
- Quattro Formaggio al Forno - Sautéed Breaded Veal Baked to a Golden Brown With Marinara & Four Cheeses, Served with Penne Tossed in a Rosé Sauce - delicious, and cheesy!  A very hearty dish!
Overall, we had a good time here.  The ambience was nice, and the food was not bad.So the reviews here are spot on...  The food is a three.  We ordered the Filet and it came in a pool of greasy butter... It tasted okay, but nothing special.  The Chicken Parm was good.  The problem come in when you get a bill for $80 and you just ate a meal that was worth about $40.  Just because you call yourself fine dining, doesn't make it so.  
It was not horrible, but there is MUCH better in this city!My husband and I ordered a couple of the more standard pasta dishes and salads. What we had was very good. The pina colada was great, though I'm not sure there was much alcohol in it. Our server was in training, so it wasn't exactly a 5-star experience, but we have no complaints.Was there on New Year's Eve, very noisy without the opera singing but still a good place to go. Can spend a leisurely and enjoyable meal while listening to male and female opera style singers.  Food is very good and waiters are usually very good and knowledgable of menu, desserts were huge also!We dined at Cafe Giovanni on 2/7/14, after watching a parade through the french quarter. We didn't seek it out, but found it on the yelp app looking for some Italian food near Decatur and Canal. We were blown away by the food.....It was amazing. Perfect spot, atmosphere is great and the food was fantastic. Highly recommend the filet, the chooped Italian salad and the quattro al formagio with chicken. Everything was spot on and Chef Duke himself came out and checked on our satisfaction. We ended up eating dinner there again the next night, forgoing Emeril's Delmonico for another home run of a meal. Can't recommend enough!!!!Our first time here. It was a Saints game night so it was a light crowd. The oysters Giovanni were colorful, fresh and delicious. My spouse had a thick porkchop with a mango salsa. The sauce was simple and delicious. I had broiled fresh sheepshead with a cream sauce over cheese grits. The grits were a nice combo with the sauce. 
Cheesecake with praline sauce for dessert was over the top good. Tasteful piano and a very talented singer accompanied the meal. Great place for date night. 
We will be back. A couple of the parking garages offer cheap validated parking. Reservations are a good idea.Atmosphere is very nice and we loved the piano player and singer. Service was also very good. Food reviews were mixed - enjoyable minestrone soup; too much dressing on the Caesar salad (and we asked for light dressing); very good duck; but the veal marsala and Bolognese sauce on pasta were not good at all.We ate here twice within the week we spent in New Orleans, and my husband ate here during a previous trip. We had an excellent time (hence going back a second time). The food was good...I had the absolute pasta, my H, the eggplant parmesan. The cheesy garlic bread was excellent too. The singers are nice, though sometimes it was a little much. But who doesn't enjoy a little Les Miserables? I'd definitely recommend this place to visitors, especially when one of your party is vegetarian.one of the best dining experiences we have had. our server- Pierce was exceptional. bent over backwards to accommodate dietary restrictions- vegetarians. everything tasted fresh and flavorful.
if you are visiting New Orleans you need to visit this place.I had to vote three stars based on service. Good quality itself was 4/5 stars. I went mainly for the gluten free pasta. My waiter was not overly helpful with helping make sure I had a gluten/dairy free meal. Tried to tell me I only had three options on a 4 page menu--not sure if he even knew what gluten was. In the end I got a bacon/basil/tomato garlic pasta with gluten free noodles. I asked for some grilled chicken breast (bland and dry). My husband got the gluten free pasta spaghetti and meatballs and his was amazing. The meatballs were melt in your mouth. Would definitely try againI am giving this place two points because 1) they have friendly service and helpful waiters and 2) they had live opera when I was there (and it was good not bad performers at all) ; in fact I think they often have musicians come and sing.
That said, the food was not good.. I live in a big city and i rarely not like Italian restaurants.. feed me pasta and i'm all over it.. but this just wasn't close to the level im used to having.  My mom's dinner was not properly cooked either.came to this restaurant by chance after spending some time at harrah's. i love italian food and this was a great find! our waiter (i'm sorry, forgot his name) was extremely knowledgeable and said he admired the chef himself. he gave his opinions and all of our food came out excellent. 
we had bruschetta, the seafood salad, shrimp, fish of the day, and some kind of steak. we also shared a cobbler. it was a nice mix of what you expect from an itialian restaurant plus an extra new orleans flair. i did not get to try the voodoo shrimp which some of the other yelp-ers mentioned.
the 3 singers that go around the room were excellent! great voices and awesome projection technique. who needs a mic?! i was very impressed by them. they interacted with the crowd and it was just a very pleasant dinner. 
i reccomend this place for small and large groups, friends or romantic couples. this place has great ambience and great food.Party of 10 on a Saturday night, what an experience!  Great service by our server, Shay, and the Chef.  Apps, entrees and wine were incredible.  I would recommend Cafe G to all my friends and family.  Has to be top 10 in NOLA!!!We stopped in here for drinks while wandering the Quarter looking for a good dinner spot. Chef Duke was sitting at the bar having a cup of coffee before dinner service when we walked in--very friendly, open guy who gave us some insight into the food scene and some great recommendations for dinner! (He humbly left his own restaurant out of the equation, but we would have tried it if we'd had another night in NOLA!)
I can say that the drinks were great. The bartender mixed me up a cocktail of Citron vodka and their homemade limoncello--delish! My companions enjoyed wine and the dirty martini.As restaurant experiences go, this one was fun.  This is a very nice restaurant without being stuffy at all.  Our server, Brandy, was fun and attentive.  My friend is very picky and inquisitive and put her through the paces.  She didn't flinch and in fact provided us exceptional service, while answering every question even if it meant hunting down the answer.  
The atmosphere is warm, clean, and inviting.  Live music was not being provided this evening, but I understand it usually is, so I'll have to return to get and review that experience.
The food is excellent.  It's clear the chef and his staff know what they are doing and take great pride in doing it.  We started with the brochette that was the best I have ever had anywhere.  I had the Duke's Fillet and it was done to perfection.  My friend had the veil and reported it to me as tender and excellent.  For desert I had a espresso martini and liked it very much. 
Overall a very fun and worthwhile dining experience.I had the spaghetti and meatballs, caprese, and risotto. Everything was very tasty.  Meatballs were huge and delicious. Caprese was interesting (in a good way).  Risotto was super yum.  Soda carbonation is messed up, so avoid that. Service was good, despite the fact that the servers seemed spread a little thin.
Why just two stars if everything was good? Prices are kind of ridiculous. The food is good, yes, but it is definitely DEFINITELY not worth the price.  I couldn't justify going back for those prices.Good Italian food in NOLA.  Nice decor and service.  A tad expensive, but I'd consider a repeat visit if I was craving Italian and wanted a go at their tasting menu, which sounded delicious.So the best part of New Orleans is all the great food.  But not this place.  I visit the city 1 - 2 times per year and ended up at Cafe Giovanni on Ash Wednesday with a group of 9 people.  When we sat down, we were quickly told that there is only one basket of bread per table.  We would be charged for refills.  Guess we were set straight.  Considering the prices of the entrees, we wouldn't want them to spend the extra money on bread.  For $20+, you not only get one little roll but no salad.  One person in our group asked to switch soda types as the mix didn't taste good in the first type and guess what, she was charged for another drink.  $6.50 for two small glasses of soda with NO offered refills.  Our server seemed both bored and annoyed at the same time.  This is certainly not fine dining.
Really sad considering the place was almost empty.  While the opera singer and piano was supposed to be quaint, it was so loud that we couldn't talk to each other.  
Trust me avoid this place.  There was SOOOOOOOO many better placed in NoLA.Glad I took our servers advice on a dish I had overlooked. The pompano special has become so popular the chef plans on putting it on their regular menu which will guarantee my return! Absolutely delicious, well balanced flavors. Attentive service, but not overbearing. Our server had also mentioned a tasting menu but none of us were prepared to eat 4 courses. Maybe next time!Decided to try this place out, seemed like open table gave it great reviews. Started out promising until our entrees arrived. Our filet mignon was ordered medium and came out raw and charred on the outside. Sent it back to have the same piece of meat put back on the grill to be brought up to temp. The filet came back burnt on the outside and noticeably smaller. Very disappointed especially for being from out of town and a chef.We ate there last night and we were seated promptly even though we didn't have reservations. I had the chicken parm and my husband had the spaghetti and meatballs with a house salad. We both really enjoyed ourselves and our food! Unlike others I thought the prices were cheap considering this is a non chain restaurant. Our bill was only $62 and I had a glass of wine. I really liked our foodI think I can say that this was my favourite restaurant experience during my stay in New Orleans earlier this year. 
It didn't get off to a particularly good start when we arrived at the restaurant to be told that they had no record of our booking. We were a group of 10 and considering the booking had been made only a few hours earlier we weren't entirely sure how they had lost us. The lady at the front desk was actually quite rude and it was only when we spoke to another member of staff that the problem got sorted and we were seated at a large round table in the middle of the restaurant. 
The decor here is slightly strange. Its described on the website as being romantic but to us modest Brits it appeared to more closely resemble a tart's boudoir - that probably says more about our British sensibilities rather than the restaurant itself! 
The waiter that was looking after our table was extremely friendly and helpful and was keen to offer recommendations for both drinks and food. I had been on the obligatory cocktail tour during the day so was already in fine spirits when we arrived and decided the way forward was to stick to the cocktails. Our waiter was quick to recommend, and although I have no idea what I was drinking, its safe to say that I enjoyed it! 
For dinner I started with the bruchetta and for main course I went for the steak. Oh my word, I think it was the best steak I have ever eaten. It was so tender my knife slid on through as if it were butter and it tasted divine too. I had been a little disappointed with other meals so far in New Orleans where I had generally stuck to fish, but I now believe that meat is the way to go in this fair city. The steak was served with foie gras, green peppercorn sauce and mash potato - nom, nom, nom! 
By this stage I had moved on to the red wine and port and consequently cannot for the life of me remember what I had for dessert. Suffice to say I'm sure it was delicious! 
The restaurant had a really lively, good fun atmosphere. We didn't have any live singers as mentioned in previous reviews but I think we made our own entertainment. As we were leaving, I was lamenting to the waiter about my fantastic steak and he pointed out that Chef Duke was sitting at the bar. Consequently, I was able to tell him personally just how good my steak was in my now particularly slurred speech!!I ate here recently with Tom fitzmoris eat club on nomenu.com. we had a 7 course meal with 6 wine pairings. It was a delicious meal and since we went on a Thursday night, we got free opera singers. A man and a woman took shifts walking around the restaurant singing to patrons. My favorite plates were their turtle soup. I got extra sherry. They had lumps of turtle meat in the soup. Very good. Next was the baby drum. Oh my god, I will be back just for this dish alone. It was shrimp with lemoncello sauce and eggplant stuffing! I liked the dessert which was a Cannoli but in my opinion it was more like a beignet with berries on the side. A Cannoli it a rolled up fried  dough stuffed with delicious cream, no fruit. But still very good. I didn't care for the beef Tournedos or the Cannelloni. If you want the best Cannelloni, head to Vincents. We met chef Duke, who was very nice and overall had a fantastic time.Preface: we are spoiled and come from an area with good Italian restaurants. The bar is kind of high.
After a long day of meandering the river area to Jackson Park and back, we wanted dinner close to our hotel and something with pasta (that didn't have shrimp in every dish). (I know... it's NOLA. There's an allergy.) Giovanni's was convenient and had some options for pastas.
We didn't have a reservation so we were seated in the bar side in a "in the walkway" spot. The place was not very busy at all and our server was friendly. But I noticed the chef sat at either the bar or a bar top table the whole time, watching the TV. He didn't seem to give a sh_t about anyone coming through. (This is a tourist town with ridiculously high prices on your menu... at least make some conversation.) (wait, he did grumble a "thanks" at us on our way out, so there's that.)
The food:  my mom got the wedge salad $8.95 (LOVED it) and the gumbo special $9.50 (pretty good).
My husband got the fettuccine alfredo with chicken (fried) which was $24. He didn't exclaim over it one way or the other but the bite of chicken I had was good.
I ordered spaghetti and meatballs $24. Twenty. Four. Dollars. The only reason I didn't call the police to report a robbery was the meatballs. Not the best I've ever had but they were good. And good size.
We paid another $9 for the garlic bread appetizer. Do not! The bread was dried out. And it was two tiny slices. They were thick cut but for $9... c'mon.
So where I come from, if you drop $100 on an Italian dinner, you went home in pain and with at least 3 containers of food. Your meal includes bottomless baskets of fresh bread -- Giovanni's only offers it if you ask (noted at the bottom of the menu) -- and there's usually salad or soup. (Even Olive Garden knows how this works.)
The food is good, but overall the value isn't there and that's high on my priority list. That's the basis for my 2 star rating.
Mom wants to go back for more salad. And we hear the praline cheesecake is a winner.Service was horrible, we got our appetizers after main course. There was a bug in my drink. 
The servers were not interested at all, normally you would accept them explaining about the food  but noone cared. If you are planning to have dinner go to August, these guys aren't worth it.If you are near the French Quarter you have to try this place. Everything we had tasted amazing, the atmosphere was perfect, we will absolutely be back.OK restaurant, nothing spectacular, over priced, loud opera singer.  Had better food at Olive Garden.We loved this restaurant!  The food was delicious and they were able to accomdate my husband's gluten free needs with excellent options.  The service was excellent too.  Next time we are in New Orleans we will definitely come back.Defintely try the "COOLinary" menu. I ordered the spicy seafood caprese for the appetizer, the pork tenderloin with a raspberry chipotle sauce for the entree, and tiramisu for dessert. Everything was Great. I would suggest all of these.
The highlight of the night, however, was actually the 3 amazing singers that performed while we ate. There was a 12 year old girl who was one of the best singers I've heard. The other two were also great singers with extremely unique voices. 
Will most likely go back again before I leave. Definitely a nice mix-up from the other restaurants in this area which basically all have the same menu.AMAZING garlic cheese bread, truly authentic lasagne. Try the canoli for dessert. The service and ambiance in the "lounge" area of the restaurant were outstanding. The family area seemed to be a bit louder, but looked cozy.This is a really cool spot to drop in and have a bite and drinks.  The staff is beyond friendly and really make the experience pleasurable.  In addition, the food is pretty good and the drinks don't disappoint.Service was good here and they had a pretty good wine list. Started with a caprese salad that contained good mozarella and tomatoes, unforturnately they were covered with an odd grainy dressing that detracted from the flavors. My main entre was spagetti with Bolognese sauce. I really disliked their rendition of Bolognese sauce it was so sweet it was barely edible. I guess I should have known because of the tour buses parked outside.Absolutely amazing! We had the duck Classico and the Louisiana seafood pasta. It was so delicious and well prepared. We arrived a little too late for opera, so we can't wait to come back and experience the music. Our server was great and the host was so welcoming.Amazing Italian.  Don't read 3.5. Not true. Truly amazing homemade Italian in the big deal day!   Fabulous Last dinner!Old style Italian dishes, very well seasoned and with choices of meats,seafoods etc. Portions were large, so count on a to go box. Attentive wait staff. Had a classical piano player and an opera singer as well. Near hotels and French Quarter. Quiet and relaxed.Made reservations in advance, and our table was ready as promised. The food was so good I didn't want it to end; the gumbo, the turkey, the ham, the tenderloin, the salad, the tiramisu, the parfait...mm mm mmm. 
There were singers to serenade guests as the dined and Chef Giovanni made his rounds several times to check on us and other guests. Great chef! Amazing food! Will defintely go again next time I'm in the French Quarter!Food was ok, nothing spectacular.  We ordered the garlic cheesy bread, great cheeses but very bland. The edge of the bread was burnt which was disappointing.  I ordered spaghetti and meatballs, hubby had the Quattro Formaggio al forno chicken with penne pasta. He did enjoy and will say it was better than my dish. Very bland... Worst part of the night was the service. Acknowledged, brought water, then asked ready to order? No menu help, recommendations,  questions...nothing.  Waitress even complained that she hates the noise there because of the piano and opera singer that perform ....which by the way, was a romantic touch. Votives lit on every table, but ours. She tried, her lighter wouldn't work so she just put it back on the table, said eh, and walked away.
Last peeve, for a $25-$30 plate per person, I would justify that as a place for a linen tablecloth. Nope, that was under the sheet pf white paper, which while lifting my napkin from my lap and hitting the edge of it, sliced across my knuckles and top of my hand with a wicked papercut!  
Def a place I would not return to.Slow serving staff, complete confusion with the event logistics and our menu, and tons of misunderstandings with the bill. Really need to get your act together! Food is ok, but you can't exchange/leave out anything, and tough luck if you have food allergies (they are not accommodating). Two stars for the chocolate mousse.Excellent service. Very knowledgable manager. Great food. Had the cannelloni and the shrimp and duck. Both delicious. Will be going back.A complete and utter tourist trap!  What a mistake to go there - and since it is so close to the tourist attractions we should have known better or checked it out.  The pasta is way overpriced, underwhelming, and nothing comes with it!  Our garlic bread for $8.95 was three thick slices of bread with gooey sauce on it.  Service was lackluster - they never refilled water glasses or bothered to pour the wine after opening.  It was not all that crowded either.  The salad - a la carte of course - was better but the pasta was a large portion which no one can finish and not well-made.  And $23.95 for a simple order of pasta - complete rip-off.  Go to the Warehouse or Garden District for far better Italian eateries!Ordered up!!! Seafood Avocado salad, cheesy garlic bread, fettuccine Alfredo, two of the specials that night, crawfish and shrimp Monica and soft shell crab pasta.  Lastly southern style Louisiana voodoo shrimp as seen and won on iron chef.  We fished by sharing tiramisu. 
All of these dishes were very good. I really loved the fresh crab on the salad, large portion perfect for sharing. The voodoo shrimp has a bit of an Asian flare. However this misplaced southern girl can't pass up shrimp and grits.  It sat atop a portobello mushroom and a fried green tomato that melded together perfectly.  The fettuccine got "this is second best next to mom's." Everyone enjoyed their food. The other pasta specials were very good a nice fusion of Louisiana and Italy.  The tiramisu was average. We are spoiled on the tiramisu. Americans love to cheat and use lady fingers (actually I have found this in other countries too) 
Back to the restaurant, we lucked out  and went on a night with live entertainment. This was so much fun. Three rotating singers with huge smiles and a piano player. If your in the French quarter this is a don't miss.Not bad, but not great. We went here on a suggestion from a friend and would have rather had gone to vincents. 
Again it wasn't bad, but just not great. 
We wont go back.We ordered take out  (have 2 yo daughter getting cranky), everything packaged beautifully. I got the chicken quattro al forno and my husband got the chicken abruzzi. We both really liked them. The caprese we got was good, but I like the more simple preparation (this had an olive tampanade). All in all very good, I  reality I'd give a 4.5Came here to try out their Coolinary Menu. Food was great for the price. I started with the spicy seafood caprese which was delicious. I then got the seafood avocado salad for my entree and it was really good. I would give them 5 stars if the service was a little better. The place didn't look too busy with a lot of empty tables but our server seemed to be rushing all the time. She was also late in putting our drink orders in.What fun!  Old school italian restarant with piano player and opera singer.  Had the salmon plate and a ceasar salad. Delicious.  Great atmosphere for a large group.We made a reservation for a Wednesday because they said they had an opera singer and a piano player. Neither one was there. Very disappointing. Food was fine but nothing special. Had to ask for bread, as did other diners. Apparently there wasn't enough to go around. 
There are so many great restaurants in NO. This wasn't one of them on the night we visited.We used to love this place, but this time it was just ok.  We ordered the $8.95 cheezy garlic bread (no cheese requested) and we received two small pieces of toasted bread with a little bit of garlic butter.  Clearly a rip-off.  My spaghetti and meatballs was delicious - amazing combination of beef, pork and veal.  My wife's fettuccini was very small - half the size of mine and she ate it all, leaving hungry.
Our third and final time going to Café Giovanni.  Great service though.We had a great time here - group of 7.  We got there a little early for our reservation, so we sat in the lounge area and ordered a round of drinks.  We had called 3 times to change our reservation and add to our party, and they were very hospitable each time we called.  The entrance is al little misleading - small RED lounge/bar, but the restaurant itself is very open and modern.  We were taken to our table about 10 minutes after our reservation (they made us close out our bar tab in the lounge - not take it with us to the restaurant).  Dining area was nice and roomy, and unlike many places in New Orleans, we were able to actually talk.  Food was all great - LOVED the Voodoo shrimp (took that suggestion from previos yelpers) and the filet was also great.  My fiance ordered the ribeye - thinking it was steak, not realizing it was a pork ribeye.  The server was very gracious about the mistake, and he was able to replace the pork with a New York Strip.  Overall, great time - the ambience is nice, and I would come back here again.We were a family of 5 with 3 being small children. They were very sweet with the children. We had an amazing dining experience. We wanted a good Italian restaurant and that's what we got. The food was great, the service was impeccable, the opera singer was amazing! Definitely recommend it. Pierce our waiter was the best! The executive chef Troy came to our table to tell us what he could do for us considering we were vegetarian. This kind of service doesn't exit anymore in many restJust ok, unfortunately. Our poor waitress was pretty hopeless. Someone else had to step in and take over. Manager could've made us a lot happier if she'd offered to cover dessert or something...The chef is very rude . Our server was opening our wine when he walked over to him with food and shouted "MOVE!" He had plenty of room to walk around but chose to throw his weight around instead . WowA marvelous combination of Italian, Creole, and New Orleans cooking that is tasty and full of flavor. A culinary delight  of dishes that make you wish you had not eaten prior to entering the doors at Café Giovanni. 
Drinks before dinner at the Belli Baci lounge should be a part of the evening. Nia makes sure you get what you want. And she is great at remembering your favorite drink. 
Nial manages the place and is about the best manager on the restaurant scene in the City.
At this restaurant food and service are the best. And live singers are second to none. 
Dinner consisted of garlic bread, Seafood Martini,  Seafood Caprese, Veal Piccata, Chicken a la Roma and some great wine. 
The food was the best. Tasty and full off flavor and as if prepared by the best cook you know who is a good friend.
The service could not have been better. Thanks to Deseree and her assistant and C. J. 
Kyle provided the heavenly voice and that is so nice while dining. 
What a place! Providing so much under one roof.came highly recommended. Food ok. Overprized. Dissapointed. Meat balls were undercooked and bread never came.Great restaurant, excellent food. I'm giving only 3 stars because of a bad experience with bartender Scott. This unhappy employee should not be helping customers. He gave me the rudest reply when I asked him a simple question. He didn't even let me finish the question, as a matter of fact. He assumed something totally wrong about my question and gave me the rudest reply, out loud to embarrass me at the bar. Despite the unfair treatment, I still tipped him. Very disappointing to say the least.Great Italian food with Cajun twist.  We loved the Eggplant and Shrimp Small plate.  The Caprese salad was also yummy.  They use fantastic Olive oil here.  Our waitress was wonderful and attentive.  We will come back next time in New OrleansBest wedge salad that I've ever had! Chef Duke was so personable and fun and made a real impression on my two nieces. The food made a great impression on the adults! My sister said it was some of the most flavorful pasta she had ever eaten and I loved the blackened prime rib. I live in the Quarter and can't believe that this was my first visit, but it certainly won't be my last! Thanks Chef Duke and staff for a great Saturday night!This restaurant was incredible.  We were greeted by Chef Duke himself, and the live singer was fantastic. Definitely on the repeat list for our next trip.Really mediocre food. Too salty, too saucy, and just didn't taste good. It was a set menu for Christmas Eve and the duck was incredibly overcooked. They did make a killer spiced hot chocolate that night though.Nice location, nice atmosphere. Extremely overpriced, mediocre food. I realize you pay a premium in the French Quarter, but this was subpar. Bolognese sauce tasted like it was from a can and the pasta was overcooked. Rolls seemed like they were purchased at a local grocery. Shrimp in Fra Diabolo were plentiful, but were not particularly flavorful. Server was attentive and nice. Not awful, but for $20+/plate, I expect more.I'm from New Jersey where we have some of the best Italian food in the country. Cafe Giovanni's was pretty good for being outside of the tri-state area. I was very happy with the authenticity, and the service was EXCELLENT!Everything was wonderful from service, to drinks, to food. Our server recommended the angeline, which is essentially a blood orange Moscow mule and my friend had the big easy long island  (mango flavored) which he ended up getting two. We had numerous appetizers and for the main course I had the pesce  venetian. Extremely succulent. The dessert options were great as well but I didn't have room!The food was wonderful, but the highlight was the two opera singers in the main dining room.  Their voices were incredible and they captivated the audience.  It is my understanding that they only sing on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.  Will definately go again.On a recent Friday night I finally engaged in the "Feed Me" menu here which was a nice sampling of various specialties of Chef Duke.  I am an experienced veteran of the "Feed Me" menu at Tony Angello's Restaurant so I had high expectations of an enormous feast.  My expectations were somewhat disappointed as Giovanni only has 6 courses for his "Feed Me" as compared to the 10 to 11 of Tony Angello's.  The courses were all good while the portions were all quite small and I was certainly nowhere near being as full as I typically am after most of my dinner experiences with fine dining in New Orleans.  The courses were: Oysters Giovanni, seafood caprese salad, ravioli, grilled fish, fillet and bread pudding.  I liked all of the courses except for the bread pudding as it was full of banana and I don't really care for banana bread pudding.  I'm glad I finally did the "Feed Me" menu here but ultimately I don't think it is the best value and I would stick with the other great things on the menu in the future but it certainly is worthwhile to do once.  The opera singers were in full effect and they always add an entirely new level of entertainment to any meal here so that is a huge value added for your dining pleasure here.Want a REAL Italian experience full of amazing flavor and atmosphere. Welcome to this Cafe.  The food is exquisite and prepared as it is ordered FRESH.  The flavor explodes with that perfect blend of wine.  Forget the bread people!  Order whatever your fancy is. You'll need all the space for the main course because it's so delicious you'll cry for more. Ask for Elizabeth! BEST WAITRESS EVER!!It was actually good.  I broke the my own rule by not Yelping before patronizing, otherwise wouldn't have gone. Had the Carbonara, which I rarely order because it is oh so bad for you, but hey, you live once. It was very good, - perfectly creamy and perfectly balanced flavors. My dining partner's spaghetti with meatballs was fine, not outstanding. Service was very good. The bread needs some work.My wife and I ate there about a year ago leaving us with great memories of the food and service.  We went back tonight and had one of the most disappointing meals We've had in a long time. The service was fast - in and out in 25 minutes, but we didn't get to enjoy the meal. The food itself was mediocre at best.  We were looking forward to the appetizer. We ordered and it came out promptly and was disgusting. Our perceptive waitress inquired as she saw the unfinished appetizers and promptly took them away but still charged us. The best part of the meal was leaving.  Unfortunately we won't be back.We had a nice dinner.  The waiter was personable and informed.   We'd had our fill of heavy New Orleans cuisine.  I was able to eat lightly and be satisfied.  The singers were a mixed bag.  Overall it was a fun, tasty experience.  I liked the meatballs the best!