A very enchanting atmosphere. Got the special ravioli which was awesome. Fiancé forgot the strip steak and licked his plate. The green apple sorbet was the perfect ending.Was visiting NOLA and wanted something different than the typical French Quarter restaurants.  This place fit the bill.  I would describe it as a good neighborhood bistro.  We arrived early for our reservation and had to wait for our table to be ready.  Got a good local rum from the bartender while we waited.  
Decided to try the prix fixe dinner offered.  Started with crab and andouille cheesecake.  Very light taste, better than most crab cakes we've had.  Followed that up with the soft shell crab salad, a deep fried crab served over an avocado salad.  Very tasty.  For the dessert course my wife had the raspberry chambord cake and I had the floating island.  The cake was excellent.  The floating island was meringue with almonds and caramel in cream fraiche.  Light but rich. 
Service was spotty.  Our waiter was hard to find sometimes but there and ready at other times.After Jazz Fest, as we walked our way out of the congestion to secure an Uber ride home, we arrived at Cafe Degas. While my wife and oldest daughter were very familiar with the Cafe, I was not. We inquired about a table and an accommodation was reached, thanks to their manager, which allowed us to be seated and we agreed to work within their time frame as all the tables had been reserved for later.
We ordered a wide selection from the hors d'oeuvres menus and it worked out perfectly. We had the made to order ravioli, the steamed mussels, the Brussels sprout salad, and a cheese platter. They also provided fresh baked hard crust bread. Incredible.
The service was excellent as was the preparation of the selections. I love the decor. A little B&B, European inn, homey style. Loved it.What a delightful surprise!  We stopped for a late lunch after leaving NOMA and we were not kept waiting long for our table for two (without reservations!).  While we waited at the bar, my husband ordered their Bloody Mary - which he complimented - and I had a nice glass of white wine - we were seated before we'd had a few sips.  We skipped starters and went straight to a duck confit with risotto and green onion sausage and golden beets for me and a soft shell crab with lentils and Haricot vert for him.  Delicious!  I enjoyed my duck so much I was prompted to investigate more about duck confit!  The service was prompt and friendly, the sour dough bread was soft and crusty, and the ambiance was perfect!  We will be coming back, I'm certain of it.Wonderful setting. Cheese board is the best in town. Fried oysters are fresh and cooked to perfection. Excellent wine selection.This might be my favorite restaurant...of ALL TIME!  I have been a loyal patron since my first visit in 2004.  The atmosphere is very charming, the patio is great when the weather permits.  Parking is easy to find nearby.  Mussels...DA BOMB!  Come to thing of it, all the food is great.  The best part...AUTHENTIC FRENCH CUISINE at VERY reasonable prices.Who says you have to have a white table cloth and fancy speaking waiters to be 5 stars?? This place is fantastic!! I could've stopped at the French onion soup, but I had the Eggs Sardou (poached eggs laid in the middle of artichokes on top of a bed of Creme spinach), Janie had the eggs Benedict. BOTH dishes were prepared with exquisite decadence and the taste, well, not the right words to say how good it was. Definitely a favorite. Looking forward to come back and see what the dinner menu is all about. This place is worth eery penny. Service, atmosphere and food very much earned 5 stars!! Bon appetite!Degas is a wonderful French bistro with a charming neighborhood bistro location right on Esplanade Avenue. It has has become a family tradition as we live in the neighborhood. It is true un-creolized French (except perhaps for the grillades and grits on the Sunday brunch menu) with a hanger steak with pomme frittes for anyone in your party who doesn't go for that sort of thing. Do try the excellent soups (the onion is heavenly) and the mussels appetizers but you had best split the mussels if you're going to leave room for dinner.The French food is amazing here! Great brunch spot for two, or a large group with a reserved table. If you're dining with 3-4 people the tables get pretty cramped. The porch view is great when the weather is nice, and I appreciate the natural atmosphere (oak tree growing through the building!). The service is genenerally very good, but during our most recent visit they weren't as spot on as always; drinks weren't refilled as fast, and no one wanted to clear the tables, though they were still polite. 
I always have the escargot, and really appreciate all of the fresh vegetables. All of their entrees come with a side of vegetables or salad. The portions are always larger than you would think, and with the bread on the table, I always feel super satiated after eating here. Great bonus are the drink options on the brunch special menu - more than just mimosas, yay!I tried the onion soup and the hanger steak.  Reading great reviews, I expected better.  It was just 'okay'First time back to Cafe Degas in more than a year. Since I am a Mussels lover, I was anxious to see if the quality is still excellent. Fresh,plump mussels served with a fennel broth and a side order of Pomme Frites were very good. Crabmeat salad was tasty but nothing special or something outstanding. But then came dessert and the frozen lemon ice box pie which I must say, was simply fantastic! Highly recommend it for dessert. The dessert bumped my rating from 3 stars to 4 stars. All in all a good meal, but not worthy of my top 5 star rating.I think I may just want to marry this place and have my reception here too! 
An amazingly authentic little french restaurant that boasts the most romantic cover patio. Its a little rustic but that oddly adds to the appeal under strung lights, shrouded in trees and vines. 
I had ordered a small cheese plate, filled with  gorgeous fresh berries, figs and honey. While splitting a plate of buttery escargot and bubbly onion cheese soup with the boyfriend. Everything right down to the crispy bread was perfect and in no rush. I highly recommend seating near the patio entrance to watch people go by while savoring a wine. Its a little on the pricier side here but will make for memorable impressions and conversation. Love. Love. Love!!This was our first time venturing out to Cafe Degas and I have to say it was worth it. We were celebrating my boyfriends birthday and this is a great little romantic spot. For appetizers we had the meat and cheese board, chef choice ravioli (shrimp & spinach) and potato soup all delicious! The dinner was just as good we split the steak and pommes fries, the steak was cooked perfectly and had great flavor....as for the cocktails I would suggest the Cherry Noir loved it! If you are looking for a nice little date spot with great food I would highly suggest this place. This is a place you will have to Uber to did not see a lot in the area other that neighborhoods.Terrible- made reservations for a certain time and 45 minutes still waiting to be seated. Left. Great disappointment!Sunday brunch at Café Degas was an absolute delight. I'll be wistfully daydreaming about our meal for the foreseeable future.
The restaurant itself is whimsical and sophisticated. A tree grows though the middle of the dining room, and a breeze blows through as there aren't any windows. 
Four of us reserved a table for 10:30am, right when the restaurant opens. We were seated right away and menus were presented. I had mentioned in my OpenTable reservation that I'm gluten free, and our server worked with me to help me select dishes that would be safe for me to enjoy.
I started with the escargot. It was served in a small plate with little buttery wells. The snails were lava hot when they were delivered and they smelled amazing. I was pleasantly surprised to see that several of the wells had more than one snail inside! The texture of each piece was perfect, and the butter and garlic complemented rather than overpowered the flavor.
My main brunch course was Eggs Rowen. The presentation was beautiful, and the flavor lived up to the appearance. The poached eggs were perfect; no slimy white, but a nice silky yolk. The hollandaise sauce was smooth and rich. I thought about asking for more to drizzle on my vegetables -- not because there wasn't enough, but because it tasted so good!
Our server brought over a dessert menu (on a dry erase board, which didn't really match the otherwise upscale vibe of the restaurant) and mentioned a few standout items. I'd never heard of a floating island dessert, so I had to inquire. It's a delicate meringue perched atop a pool of crème anglaise, drizzled in caramel. This dessert was like nothing else I've ever had, and I absolutely loved it. The caramel was rich and decadent without being cloyingly sweet. The meringue was light and airy. And the custard was glossy and luxurious. I could have slurped it up like soup. Just wonderful.
I presented a $25 restaurant.com certificate, and our bill was adjusted accordingly. Including tip, drinks, and three courses for each of us, we walked out with happy bellies and parting with about $50 apiece. For as well as we ate, that was a complete steal.
I can't speak highly enough about Café Degas. I'm confident I'll be visiting again on all of my future trips to New Orleans.Ooh this place is delicious! I highly recommend this place for a cosy and ambient dining experience! My only complaint is that they were out of 3 different wines that we tried to order. Which was a little frustrating after that many times. However, the food and service were fantastic!!This was my third time dining at Café Degas and it will definitely be the last. The place was packed and the staff was rushing around frantically and appeared overworked. My waiter gave me the strong impression that he would rather have been anywhere else. Eventually I got seated and placed my order. My entrée arrived only a few minutes after the appetizer. As he sets the entrée down my waiter asks me if I'm "still working on" the appetizer, obviously hoping to whisk away my plate. Excuse me? I had an appetizer of duck foie gras and a jumbo softshell crab entrée. The foie gras arrived half frozen. The crab was passable, but not memorable. After making me hurry through my appetizer lest my entrée grow cold, the waiter forgot to bring me the glass of Sancerre I had ordered to go with the crab. I had to flag him down to get it. Worst of all, I felt very rushed throughout the entire meal. Not good.The french onion soup is wonderful! As well as the escargot! Other dishes are all very yummy! I also enjoyed the dessert!One of our favorite places to dine.  We always come here during Mardi Gras.  Made the trip again on January 26, 2013.  And as usual, the food, service, ambience, everything was fantastic.  Anything on the menu will please you. If I lived in New Orleans I'd dine here every Saturday.
The flash-fried oysters are my favorite.  The hanger steak is awesome.  The wife likes the cheese board and the french onion soup.  Can't wait to go back!Dinner was great. Foie gras was as good as Paris. Go. Enjoy. Close your eyes and imagine the Eiffel Tower towering over your view!A perfect evening - great service, excellent French cuisine, and quintessential New Orleans ambiance.This will not the best restaurant you will eat at and certainly not the best french one. But Degas has genuine soul, a charming dining room and consistent, tasty food and will always have my heart.Atmosphere can't be beat.  There used to be a little cat that would walk around greeting us while we ate, which made this restaurant feel very authentic...  They said the government stepped in and made them get rid of it.  Pity.We ended our NOLA trip with an after-dinner visit to Degas, as recommended by our hosts.  It was packed, and an excellent choice.  We like sitting at the bar and watching the bartender work- you can learn a lot about liquors from how they construct drinks.  We had champagne and red wine, so cannot report on the quality of the drinks but he puts many personal twists into them.  I would love to try his salzeracs, manhattans, and  old fashions!  Also, I would rate the pours as generous and the cost quite reasonable.
We had a Brussels Sprouts Salad and French onion soup, and for desert the lemon ice box pie.  All were excellent and would recommend all.  I only give 5* reviews for unforgettable meals, so only 4* because it was not the full dining experience.   Would definitely recommend and would visit again.I love Cafe Degas.  A cozy little French cafe' located on Esplanade Ave.  Start with the cheese plate and go from there.  Wonderful French food.  If you like to eat rich, you can't go wrong here.  The tables are tiny and cozy and perfect for dates.  This was the first place that I ever had escargot (liked it!).  I always leave full and happy.Such a sweet little place!  Where we spent my birthday dinner with our lovely discount from restaurant.com in May 2014.  My creme brulee was my favorite part of the evening but my parmesan crusted veal was delish as well.Came in with my wife this evening. We made a reservation,  but decided to come in early to have a drink at the bar. We sat at the bar (which seats about five,  and we were the only two). Within a few moments,  a server came behind the bar with a request . The bartender very angrily and audibly began arguing with the waitress about the drink order. Over the next 10 minutes,  we continued to sit. The bartender didn't acknowledge us, literally didn't so much as make eye contact, let alone greet us or, ya know, offer us a drink. As someone who spent about 12 years waiting tables, this was a huge disappointment.  Again, we were the only two at a 5-6 seat bar for about 12 minutes. Luckily the hostess finally motioned to us that our table was ready. It was ok from there. I had the lamb, wife had the tuna salad. The meal was decent,  but the early experience at the bar just kind of set a negative tone for the rest of the evening.Very relaxing. Enjoyed the medium rare lamb. It's also suggestive to wear business casual . Definitely coming backCharming little place. We were seated immediately.  Menu was limited for me (typical, so I just roll). My Charming Companion had a Bloody Mary which he deemed above average. 
Waiting for our food we listened to the rain beat down on the roof for a bit while looking at the beautiful trees. 
Fast forward to dessert: Charming Companion had a Creme Brule and I had the lavender ice cream. I would have liked either a larger than melon baller scoop or a couple of more passes with said melon baller but my Charming Companion's eyes were all shiney because this was a Creme Brule to surpass them all and that's all that matters.We had made Sunday brunch reservations on Open Table a couple days prior, and arrived on time at noon.  Beautiful food was being whisked by us as we waited, and waited, and were finally told that our table was up next.  Several other parties arrived after us, and some without reservations were told it'd be about an hour wait...  We waited nearly a half hour, and after watching at least 3 parties who'd arrived after us be seated, we checked in again with the host and finally left -disgusted.  Very disappointing as we were looking forward to a delicious experience.They had some staff that spoke frensh , good drinks and good coffee , the food was ok ,Food and atmosphere were amazing. Our server was beyond great. We had the eggs Beni, escargot:best I ever had and veal grillades and grits and you can't find a better place.First and last time for this place. We had a party of three and were given a table that would even be small for two people. The tables are all very close together and the restaurant is very noisy. We waited for an hour and ten minutes for our appetizers and then they brought the wrong one. There is more to this story, too long to write, but in the end we walked out without ever getting our main course. If you want to eat out in N.O. there are many fine dining experiences waiting out there for you, just not this one...My partner and I live nearby so we came here for a quick drink and small bite to eat while riding around town, early evening. We were seated right away. The menu was promising and had many options that looked very good. The waiter stopped by to take our drink orders; taking my partner's order first. I was looking at the wine list. I began to order and then looked up after hearing no response to see the waiter fumbling and walking away with the dishes from the table behind us- mid order- Can it not wait?? We got up and left immediately. Can't speak for the food, it looked really good, but I am confused/upset about the rude service.A little over a year ago, I lived on Esplanade literally across the street (okay, maybe a few houses toward the park) from Cafe Degas, and it was one of our favorite places to go for brunch. You can only get the quiche during brunch, and it's fantastic, so we made a point to go there on Sundays as often as we could afford to. Which, to be honest, wasn't nearly as often as we'd have liked, but overall I got to spend a decent amount of time here. 
First of all, how can you not love a place that has a tree growing inside it? Surely they built the restaurant around the tree (unless the restaurant is a few hundred years old...) but the effect is absolutely charming. It's one of the may places in NOLA where you walk in and are instantly transported to another time and place -- in this case it's somewhere very French, somewhere very hidden, and somewhere you're quite overjoyed to have stumbled upon. 
They keep somewhat odd hours, so be sure to check before you go. I've had many a disappointment and redirected lunch meeting that was originally scheduled here, and yet I continue to fail to check their hours. I'm almost certain they observe the New Orleans Sabbath and are closed on Mondays, but it extends beyond that. So, once again, either go there with a backup plan or make sure they're open before you head that way.Always wonderful. The atmosphere is very charming and the food is always excellent, especially the onion soup. It's such a pleasure to come hereThis is a pleasant French Bistro!   The atmosphere is mostly open-air, covered patio on the tree lined Esplanade Ave.  short taxi trip from French Quarter, but a sporty walk.  Generally rich, saucy French style entrees of seafoods, meats, etc.  appetizers are excellent cheese plates, salads,etc.  service is attentive and knowledgable.  This place is an excellent combination of food, service, ánd atmosphere.  A desire able accompaniment to visits to the Art Museum Or City Park.  This place is jammed during Jazz Fest, a few short blocks away, so make reservations!  This is one of the few purely French restaurants in New Orleans.Ce restaurant est formidable! I've been fortunate to dine here 5 times or so, but this was my first visit for brunch. We couldn't have asked for a more beautiful day to be seated on their all weather, open air patio. The patio overlooks beautiful Esplanade avenue and it was such a nice day, there were dog walkers, runners and people riding bikes all afternoon. 
Our server saw that our trio was in for a long, boozy brunch and made sure not to rush us. Long, relaxed dining experiences are what I live for!
We all ordered Mimosas, and I tried their Peach Mimosa with my appetizer course. It was sweet, and a little tangy. Delightful! I did order a third drink with my main course and I have to say this is the only place I've been to in New Orleans that offers Pouilly-Fousse by the glass! *BONUS POINTS*.
We tried their escargot, which were tender and garlicky, just the way I want my snails to be! The Boudin Noir which is a blood sausage served with a sweet, baked apple tart and even though I've never had blood sausage before I decided I was going try it anyways. My server actually said "I have so much respect for you, you're going to really like it." And I did! I impressed my server! Lol, thank you!
For our main courses we ordered the waffle with praline butter and served with cane syrup. I would seriously put that cane syrup on everything. (I kind of did too, by drizzling it over my bacon strips.) Also enjoyed was the Crab Crepe with Hollandaise, mushrooms and asparagus as well as the Quiche of the Day which this time featured spinach and Swiss.
I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant for a romantic or special occasion as well as catching up with the girlfriends over brunch. 
J'adore!Lovely little French bistro with an intimate and quiet atmosphere in a cute little neighborhood. 
The must tries here are the homemade ravioli (crawfish and mushroom in the most delectable lemon butter sauce our water recommended more of the complimentary bread to soak up the sauce and glad he did), the scallops, cheesecake and the most amazing creme brûlée I've had yet in the states. Definitely a must try! 
Be sure to make a reservation since the place is a little small.Our dinner was phenomenal. The jumbo prawn appetizer with black bean cake and avocado purée is second to none and enough for three. French onion soup was the best I ever had.Food was okay, the atmosphere great, and our waitress was really friendly. We ordered the calf liver and pate board. The calf liver was fried which was a first for us, but not bad just underwhelming. The pate board was tasty and definitely a decent choice. Cute spot.We were very pleased with our dinner.  The soft shelled crab over field greens and strawberrys was delicious.  Our table was located comfortably on an outdoor/indoor patio.  The wine list was nice.  Our service was adequate, not extraordinary.   We will recommend the Cafe Degas to our friends for the nice French fare and the ambience..Although I had a delicious meal, I was annoyed when we went there recently. We went to take advantage of Coolinary New Orleans, after reading that the menu online included hanger steak for the promotion.  When we got there they told us that the menu changed every day and it was not available.
I have since looked on the Coolinary New Orleans site and Cafe Degas seems to be one of the few that change the menu items available from what is posted there.  I mean the whole point of the website is to inform you what dishes will be included.
So if you plan to go as part of the Coolinary deal, call ahead and see what is included in the deal that day.I was really excited about Reveillon dinner at Cafe Degas. I thought it was great value and the menu sounded very good to me.
And in truth, the meal was mostly fine. I enjoyed the salad (love arugula), the crawfish ravioli (even though they forgot to give us this course and I had to tell them that we never got the ravioli when we were served our third course), and the rack of lamb. The merguez was rather uninteresting, but the lamb was delicious, and I particularly enjoyed the ratatouille.
Yes, everything was going alright... Until the dessert. You see, my sister had never had pot de creme before and I was introducing it to her, and our pot de creme was overcooked! Instead of a perfect smooth richness, our spoons were met with a grainy, cake-like texture. Mine was tolerable in the middle, so I kept digging in the center, leaving the edges untouched, but my sister's was in an even worse state and tasted watery. I could see the water separating from the cake-like thing that I wouldn't call pot de creme. I was very disappointed with this, and wanting my sister to try the pot de creme that I imagine in my head when I hear those words, I ended up having to make my own at home the next day.
I may be back for the lamb, but I guess I won't be staying for dessert.Such a great little place! The open air, the plants and the quaint atmosphere all make for a very charming spot.
Our selections are below. I do recommend them all! 
Le Plateau De Fromages - Selection of domestic and imported cheeses. Also included grapes, blackberries and peach slices. Board  14.00
L' Onglet De Boeuf - Seared hanger steak, pomme frites, vegetables, toasted garlic bordelaise. 19.50
La Crèpe au Crabe, Sauce Hollandaise - Jumbo lump crabmeat, wild mushrooms, asparagus. 16.50. It was a little heavy on the sauce for my taste, but easily scraped off. 
Shrimp & Grits app on a menu insert. 
Their Bellini seems to be a mix of Champagne and a peach juice, not peach purée. Not what I expected, but tasty nonetheless. 
I HIGHLY recommend this spot!We had a terrible experience here unfortunately, despite good reviews. The bottle of wine we ordered was not good and overpriced. And when we asked to change, the manager was rude and condescending. This also makes the initial taste of the wine obviously a moot point. The patés barely had any flavor and the mussels were very fishy. We ended up leaving after a very disappointing experience overall. Save your money and go to the million other options in NOLA!We usually really enjoy this place, but today it was really off. The hanger steak was too tough to chew, and the service was mediocre. Going to give this place a rest.Very disappointed.  Love the food & the atmosphere, but the service last night was atrocious.  Drinks took forever, sazerac was awful, served my french onion soup at the same time as my meal (cardinal sin 1), cleared my guests plate before I was done eating (cardinal sin 2), reached over table and guests (cardinal sin 3).  Hope the waitstaff gets some training before I go back.I had dinner at Café Degas this weekend and had a wonderful experience. This little area in Faubourg St. John is nice place for a change of pace. I went over to Swirl first for the free wine tasting then to Café Degas for dinner. I fell in love with my St. Germain gin and tonic! It was such a refreshing drink. I had the soup of the day which was lobster bisque. It was creamy and had beautiful pieces of sweet lobster. My friend had the French onion. My sample of this was a mouthful of cheese but that was fine by me. I had the paneed veal for my entrée with a nice lemon caper sauce. My veal was a bit on the chewy side, but the dish overall was quite good. My friend had the rack of lamb which was also rather tasty with a nice crust on the outside. She had the crème brulee for dessert but I was stuffed. We had a coupon (from their website) and the bill was more than manageable. A fairly casual bistro-like atmosphere, but the candlelit tables at dinner add to the ambiance. The wait staff was attentive and friendly. Overall, it helps make for a nice evening out in Faubourg St. John.Cafe Degas was a good time.  
First off let me tell you that the venue has a very cool vibe.  French cuisine with a southern feel.  It's like your sitting on the porch in the bayou.
The french onion soup is amazing.  I also had the brussels spout salad and veal medallion.  The veal medallion wasn't the best.  Not a huge fan of the fry, but still an okay dish.  The steaks at the table were tasty.  
My only serious gripe about the place is that the bar is very small.  There wasn't any room to wait, as the previous table had not gotten up for our reservation.This place is a little slice of Paris sitting in Mid-City.  My most favorite restaurant in NOLA.  Whether it's to celebrate Bastille Day, have brunch with a friend or cocktails after hitting NOMA on a Friday night it's FANTASTIQUE!
Sit at the bar and enjoy a St. Germain & champagne cocktail while you wait for your table.  There's one table outside that's absolutely perfect on a beautiful evening either alone or with someone special.  You can make a reservation for this special spot.  Sitting inside is full of life just like the French.  The dining area is a little cramped with heavy over sized metal outdoor furniture.  Something I'm willing to look look because the tree-house atmosphere is so divine.  
You're wondering about the food... c'est bon!  Cafe Degas is true to form on their French fare.  The mixed board of cheeses and pates is sure to please the palette.  Traditional steak and frites is also a winner.  Check out their specials because they usually have something amazing such as the soft shell crab salad *le sigh* If you never tried escargot, this is absolutely the place to do it.  My fave for dessert is the Chantilly cake.  One word... DIVINE!!!  Truly a slice of heaven.  Trust me order one for yourself because you won't want to share.
The bartender is always jovial and welcoming.  The wait staff is knows their stuff so don't hesitate to ask questions if you aren't sure what to order whether it's food or wine.
If you're looking for a special place to meet with a special someone or to celebrate something special then this is THE place.  It's truly and exceptionally special place in and of itself. 
Cafe Degas je t'aime!!!Its all delicious. Be willing to try everything. I got the lamb shanks and they were phenominal.This is a great French New Orleans Bistro with a nice atmosphere and great food. The coupon on the website helps a lot since it is pretty pricey. They also have deals on restuarants.com that you can buy but you can't combine the two in one visit. We ate on the patio which was nice and relaxed. The service wasn't great for what you would expect but the food made up for it. All of our meals were amazing! I had the L' Onglet de Boeuf which was soo good, i literally ate every last drop!
This is a perfect date place with a really romantic atmosphere!Great little bistro with dedicated staff. Chef Ryan is near brilliant here. Try hanger steak - unique and delicious. Of course the onion soup is platonic. Nice cheese boards and delightful desserts. Atmosphere is as close to french sidewalk dining as one can find in New Orleans.We came after church on  Sunday afternoon. .so of course, it was super busy.  It didn't take too long to be seated. ..but we were seated on the outdoor patio part..which was perfect to enjoy the perfect weather. .but it took FOREVER  to be greeted,  to order drinks..and well..forever for everything.  I'm not sure if it was because the bartender was also our server..but I think she was trying her best.  Overall, the food was good to great.  But I probably wouldn't want to sit in that section again.  We'll have to try it out for dinner another time when they aren't so busy. Favorites at our table was the Crepe, Maison Quiche, Belgium Waffle, seafood cheesecake, and escargot.Yummmmmmmmm!!   Had dinner at CD last night.  Couldn't have been better.  This is classic bistro fare, nothing fancy--but who would want "fancy" to interfere with "divine"??
Husband had french onion soup and steak tartare.
I had a foie gras pate that was so good I felt like I needed a cigarette after each and every bite.  Also had the moules aul fenouil (con frites).  Just superb.
Topped it off w a shared lemon icebox pie.  
Service was fabulous all the way around--even got a lagniappe of bisque when our waiter overheard us trying to decide between that and the pate.  Room is great. Just an all-around awesome place!Crab salad appetizer....whole fried soft shell crab....wow...Great food, attentive wait staff....what a treat!Went here for brunch for my bachelorette weekend. We had a group of 10 and they sat us no problem. Our server was fantastic, bringing us a steady flow of mimosas. Bottomless are worth the cost. My sister and I split an omelet with crabmeat which was delicious and plenty for us to split. Plenty of unique options to choose from. Highly recommend.Nice place, expensive, food is good but not that good. My son got an omelette but he couldn't finish, too much grease. My wife got quiche, the same, she couldn't finish it and got sick right away. I asked for a liver dish which was actually good.
Overall I don't recommend it.All of our food was great, hanger steak, French onion soup, and lamb. It says on here that this place is romantic. This is where I disagree. Sure the decorations are nice and it's basically outdoor seating, but the tables are cramped so close together that I can hear what everyone else has to say. Not my ideal environment for an anniversary dinner. Family lunch environment is more like it. Oh and we had to wait on a Thursday night, so I'd say make reservations.Honestly,  at this point I don't care how good the food might be, the service is so slow and pathetic that I don't think I would be able to enjoy whatever comes. The table behind us has had staff visit over 5 times in the 20 min we have been waiting for our drink refills. 
Unless you are not really very hungry and have a couple of hours to waste, find another place to enjoy a good meal.Great spot in mid city! Fantastic ambiance great wine list and friendly service. A light lunch for wife and I splitting a bottle of white a a warm New Orleans afternoon.  A nice short walk from the end of the trolley line (right by City Park..go here and find the Oak with the wind chimes..amazing).  As a bonus we were able to walk through St. Louis Cemetery #3 on way back to trolley.  No that is not as morbid as it sounds at all!
Swing by for some excellent food wine and service.Great atmosphere, such a throwback to the '80s when people weren't staring at the phones in public. The bartender was so friendly. The waiter and owner too. The French food was legitimately comparable with Parisian dining. I love the tree growing in the middle of the dining room.Tried many things on the menu and everything had such flavor!! Very rich and fulfilling. The one thing that made our experience over the top was our waitress Brianna!! She is so knowledgeable about the menu and personable!! All recommendations were on point!! Thank you so much for an authentic Nola experience!! Ask for Brianna!!I loved this restaurant!  The cheese/pate plate to start was delish!  Also, the Veal and Polenta dish was to die for!  Of course, we had to have Bloody Mary's for Sunday brunch!  Would go back in heart beat!Cafe Degas was an all around success!  The atmosphere in the restaurant is 5 star alone!  Beautiful indoor/outdoor seating surrounded by twinkle lights and lush greenery.  The service was superb as well.  Now to the important part...the food!  We started off with the braised short ribs special and the chef special ravioli.  By far the best cheese ravioli I've ever had.  The braised short ribs fell off the bone and were atop a bed of stone ground grits.  Spectacular.  We devoured it all.  We then ordered the goat cheese salad to split between the 3 of us. Spring mix with candied pecans, beets, green apples, and topped with roasted goat cheese.  My husband left to use the restroom and when he came back my dad and I had eaten it all.  Our main entrees came in just the right amount of time.  My husband got the hanger steak with homemade frites and my dad and I got the halibut special.  Insanely fresh fish and a perfectly cooked steak.  Couldn't ask for a better meal.  You would think after eating all that before our entrees we wouldn't be able to touch our main course, but we found room!  It was a perfect combination of flavors!  Highly recommend!Absolutely wonderful. Great creations from the mussels to the pork chop. The beer selection unique and the ambience ideal for a good conversation.I made a reservation for my wedding anniversary at Cafe Degas. We arrived 15 minutes early and checked in. We were told there wasn't a table available yet and we were fine with waiting since we were a bit early. After waiting about 10 minutes another group passed by us and was loudly saying they had no reservation, but they were sat right away. We asked the manager what had happened; while he was apologetic he commented they wouldn't have sat a table without a reservation before someone that did have one. We told him it was the patrons of that table that told us they didn't have a reservation. We were then offered to sit in the waiting area and have lunch there which was ridiculous. We will never return. Unfortunately, we didn't get to try the food or the great atmosphere. 
Extremely disappointing but also typical for New Orleans.Such a cute place and their food is really good, along with their cocktails. I've been here many times and have tried a lot of the items on the menu. Musts - French onion soup, escargot, and the mussels. We've gotten the lamp and steak entrees which are super tasty! We got the veal
Last time and it was a little too salty, perhaps it was the capers that came in the sauce. The bartender makes great cocktails! I really like the Hemingway cocktail that they make! I've had it at other places and it's not as good and the way degas makes it. Also - you can buy a restaurant.com coupon and save yourself a little money with the bill!Very quaint little hidden gem. It feels like you are eating inside a tree house with your friends.
What's great is that your can make a reservation online from their website, that way no bad surprise or long wait when you arrive.
I particularly enjoyed the $18 menu option where you get one appetizer and one main dish for less than $20. You have to choose between two appetizers and main dishes the one you'd like.
I got the peach an prosciutto salad, with the steak. The salad was very tasty: it also had gorgonzola, walnuts and cherry tomatoes. The steak was perfectly cooked with a very nice sauce. As the food wasn't greasy and heavy on the stomach, we even indulged in some dessert! The crème brûlée was perfect!Not sure why it took me so long to try this place when it was recommended to me a long time ago. When I thought of having a French brunch, I thought of a place that would've been cute and fancy but nope. Don't get me wrong, it's a cute place but I was expecting more. It's ok though because my experience here was phenomenal. Our waitress was nice and attentive. I wish I could remember her name. 
Started off with escargot and mussels for the table. Escargot was good but mussels, y'all, the mussels! Mussels with frites. They were absolutely delicious! I would've ordered another as my meal if I hadn't already ordered other dishes.
Rack of lamb and la crepe au crabe. The lamb had a strong smell but the overall flavors mixed well together. The crab crepe was good but it might've taste better if it was an omelette, I think. Still enjoyed it though. 
Topped off the meal with creme brulee. So, we definitely ate more than expected for brunch, I guess we ate more like a lunch or dinner meal (haha). It was difficult to choose only one dish! We'll be back to try other items next time.EXCELLENT. I have been here multiple times and never had a bad experience. The food is always incredible and the staff is friendly. The vibe in the restaurant is pretty nice, very romantic at night.They also tend to have coupons on their website frequently and they really take a chunk out of the bill!Excellent food and our waiter was not only pleasant but a wealth of historical information and entertainment. Lovely ambiance.No complains here, besides the bread to start could have been warm. Got here right before happy hour ended but still enjoyed a few $5 wine/sparking wine and some oysters. I got the pan seared veal and it was honestly the best choice, it was so good! The pasta and veggies were super good and pasta was home made. My friend got the hanger steak and she thoroughly enjoyed it but subbed the frittes for pasta orzo and she loved how nice they were about it. We got the dessert the waiter, Jason recommended and we fell in love The Floating Island. Def a recommended spot and it truly is like you're in a tree house. Service, atmosphere, and food deserve 5's all aroundCute atmosphere, friendly service and very elegant yet casual. Definitely gave me a local NOLA feel. Drink, appetizers, main course was good. Escargot was amazing! Ratatouille was descent and the pork chops and frites were awesome. Dessert was not amazing. Save the $ on dessert. I had creme brûlée and my husband had double chocolate cake. Found it here on Yelp and was backed up by Lonely Planets travel book and had a restaurant.com deal so we decided to try it.  Go get your deal before going. It's a bit on the pricey side.Favorite...
Escargot
Pate and cheese
Bottle of wine
Balmy afternoon
Go to NOMA....
Walk down to the Luling Mansion on Leda St
And finish at Cafe DegasMy wife and I enjoyed a great dinner at cafe degas. It was only a 2-3 minute walk from where we were staying. It was our first night in New Orleans, the first night of our honeymoon. 
We shared a crawfish ravioli for an appetizer. I enjoyed the hanger steak and pomme frites and my wife has the soft shell crab. Both were fantastic and cooked perfectly. 
The service was very good. The ambience was awesome.
You can't go wrong here.Great service, phenomenal food. Try the crawfish cheesecake (savory), Quail salad appetizer and the pork loin entree. The chambord cake is to die for!Cute little restaurant. Nice staff. Food is okay nothing special. The hanger steak was heavily salted and I love salt but it was too much. The floating island wasn't bad.This restaurant is pricey.  The staff was attentive and the decor was okay.  My poor review comes in on the food and the drinks for the price.   I had French onion soup and pomme frites and my friends had the hanger steak.  I also ordered a martini and friends ordered French 75 (look it up; I didn't know this one).   I've made better French onion soup and my friends said the same about the steak.   Even the drinks were a let down.  I would definitely go somewhere else for the price and atmosphere.