Fried seafood is good and Prices are decent, the Cheesecake is real good! I went there on a Groupon and ended up going a couple times after that.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans! The atmosphere is romantic with jazz music playing and white tablecloths. My favorite entrée is the Red Fish Florentine. The fish is cooked to perfection, and the crawfish-spinach sauce they drizzle over the top is finger lickin good! I usually get the mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli as my sides. My fiancé usually gets the Shrimp Creole, and it never disappoints either! The shrimp are large and fresh, and the sauce is so good you'll sop it up with the garlic bread that comes with the dish. And dessert! Oh, the desserts! The bread pudding is heavenly, and the banana's foster cheesecake is so good you'll just want to give someone a high five after every bite!
As you can see, I love this place. My fiancé brought me here before proposing to me in New Orleans. The staff are very friendly and welcoming, and the food is authentic, down-home, New Orleans Creole cuisine. Cafe Dauphine is definitely a must stop for anyone in New Orleans, locals and tourists a like!Don't leave NOLA without a trip to the Lower Ninth Ward. The Living History Center tells the story and the tragedy of the area left forgotten. Cafe Dauphine is an unexpected gem and the only active restaurant in the area. Beautiful decor, great service, and amazing food with their own take on Cajun and Creole dishes. The Lizardi Rolls (large fried egg rolls stuffed with cabbage, crab, shrimp and crawfish were ample and incredible. One of the best meals and most enjoyable experiences that we had on NOLA.We came to this place knowing very little about it except that we would need a cab to get there.  When we arrived, our cab driver said "I hope it's worth it".  IT WAS.  We arrived in the middle of a large birthday party, but instead of sending us home with takeout, one of the managers went into an adjacent building and brought us a table, squeezed it in, threw a cloth on it, and we sat down.  The food was glorious, the service was very friendly and attentive, and the chef was kind enough to come out to greet us and talk to us about our experience.  It was a truly remarkable dining experience.  The atmosphere was so joyous and the food was fantastic.  And the prices were very reasonable.  I would tell anyone coming to this city to make sure they take a taxi to Cafe Dauphine.  Get the Lizardi Rolls.Awesome service and food. Despite them being crowded. The host was patient, friendly, and attentive. We had the rolls, gumbo, and seafood platter. I have never had fish seasoned and cooked so perfectly. Definitely worth it. Prices were affordable and atmosphere was welcomingThe food and service was amazing. We had the pasta, chicken and waffles and the Lizardi Rolls. All delicious. We will be back.Looks like they got some friends to write reviews and there is nothing wrong with that. We stood in the middle of the room for a good ten minutes before anyone even acknowledged our existence. Looks like they have only one server for the whole room. Say what you want to say to the server when you can because you probably won't see them again. My friend's po-boy wasn't too bad, but the stuffed pepper I had was inedible. I had these tiny frozen shrimp swimming in a stuffing that could only be described as cat vomit. It was watery and slimy and grey in color. Besides the food, the other reason not to eat there was the acoustics! There are none, The noise level was so loud I could not hear my lunch companion without screaming. It was attractively decorated and I had great hopes for this place, but will not return. Oh well.Hidden away in the lower Ninth Ward. Visited for Brunch on Sunday, it was worth the drive.
Soul Food done right. I had the Shrimp & Grits, and they were perfect, with a rich roux based brown gravy.Excellent food and great service. We were staying in Arabi for the holidays and were pleased to fine such a great place close by. Kids were happy with their meals too. FYI - it's BYOB so if you want wine with your meal bring some along. 
The Lizardi rolls were amazing. Stuffed shrimp was delectable. Pepper Shrimp was perfectly spiced. My husband had the fried stuffed pepper and loved it!Just returned home from a family vacation in Louisiana.  We stayed near the French Quarter and a guy who worked at our hotel recommended the Cafe Dauphine.  We wanted to check out the area to see how repairs were coming along since hurricane Katrina so took a trip over to check it out. 
The restaurant is small, but clean and comfortable inside.  The menu was the usual po'boys and such.  Tired of all the fried food, my husband and I both ordered the beef short rib po'boy.  Oh my!  The meat was melt in your mouth tender and tasty.
If you aren't afraid to get off the beaten path and want try some real local food at a small, neighborhood restaurant, I would recommend this place.This is a great restaurant. Beautiful place, great service, super friendly staff and owner...and simply great food.  Highly recommend.  We are from NYC and have spent a week in the French Quarter dining out for every meal and this is among the best restaurants in our NOLA experience.  Plus you have a good reason to visit the famous lower ninth ward. Get the gumbo.Food was pretty good !! Service was GREAT!! No wait time we were seated when we walked through the door !! Definitely a Hidden Gem!!This is easily one of the best restaurants in the City.  I'm kind of bad at myself for not trying it sooner.Every time I come here. I'm amazed with the food, service and the ambience. We were looking for a nice place to go grab some food and not be downtown in the parade area. So I  recommend Cafe Dauphine to my friends. None of them had ever been there. So they were in for a nice surprise.  We pulled up and walked into as the staff greeted us with smiles. I already knew what I wanted but not my friends. So all of us order different things off the menu.  But when the food came out. Hands went flying around the table. Especially for the Larzardi Rolls....... The Drinks were so flavorful and the fish with that golden flaky crust was the topping on the cake. We were so full until we wouldn't even order desert. But you better trust and believe that we will be back to sample at least two of them. Thx for a wonderful experience .dined here one time during our stay. it was a bit out of the way for us to ride our bikes over the bridge but the sunset that greeted us on our way back was well worth it (and if you want to see the "brad pitt houses" and are on a bike you could access those too). 
We had the catfish and stuffed peppers. Both so filling we had some to take home. Large drinks and the bread pudding was amazing!
A local spot that folks love to grab take-out from, we were the only folks dining there. The prices were moderate and our server pleasant. Bathrooms were clean and the location is wheelchair accessible.Lizardi rolls are quite excellent.  And the catfish is absolutely delicious .  Some of the best in new Orleans hands down. Excellent gem in the Holy Cross areaPretty good! Great atmosphere, nice decor. I visited on a Saturday afternoon and the service was quick and friendly. The food was pretty good but the Lizardi Rolls were fantastic!This small family run eatery in the lower 9th is a hidden gem.  The service is friendly and the food continues to please.  We have eaten here on several occasions and always have enjoyed our meals...thus we keep returning.Was in town for work, and went here for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon.  Had the Lizardi rolls and Creole Pepper Shrimp - both amazing! The Lizardi rolls would have been great with the classic spring roll formula, but the crawfish, crab, shrimp combo are a great update to a classic. The shrimp dish came out piping hot and was excellent - well seasoned, great flavor and the mashed potatoes underneath were  great.  Highly recommend Cafe Dauphine!I am ashamed to say I always use yelp and read the reviews but never have joined until now due to cafe dauphine !! One of the owners (Keisha ) was so welcoming and such a great host- she really took care of us! 
The food, service, and TLC makes this place  highly recommended! Plus it is good to get out of the touristy areas and see and meet local ppl from different neighborhoods !Searching for a place to eat in the 9th ward we landed at Cafe Dauphine and it was a very pleasant surprise. It was a Monday and they offered some excellent red beans and rice, I was jealous by my friends catfish plate that was some of the best catfish I have had in the city. An excellent option if your in the area, take the family to this gem. The only drawback was no fried chicken and you can't have a soul food restaurant without fried chicken.Nah...This place is way overrated and overpriced !!! The red beans n rice had no seasoning. Ribs were NOT falling off the bone. Would not recommend. We were in a group of 9 n none of us liked it. Only positive things were the service and water.Excellent food. A must if you want  a great place that locally owned. They make you feel like family. A must if you are in the city!I'm giving them Five Stars due to the fact that they made us felt like neighbors. Yet, if your not accustomed to a different kind demeanor first encounter then you could be put off but we like to give every place a second chance. 
  On our second visit, it was like a 180 turn with the attention and adoration. I guess they thought we were just visitors and that the won't ever see us again. Now, we are just like really good friends. We go there at least once a week. Especially for Lent. 
  Please continue what your doing because we love to come dine with y'all.Best shrimp and catfish I've had in the city. Tasted fresh and flavorful. Good lemonade too.
There are only two reasons its not a 5 star. Our salads came out at different times, as well as our plates (table of 2) and it'd have been nice to eat together. Other reason is that we couldn't choose where to sit even though the restaurant was near empty. It would have been nice to sit  by a window.Cafe Dauphine is a creole restaurant in the 9th Ward, a part of town that is somewhat of a food desert; there are no supermarkets here, one farmer's market, and this restaurant - the only one I know of in the 9th Ward. I do hope that more diners discover Cafe Dauphine and help it to thrive. Keisha, the hard-working owner helps make this a friendly, welcoming restaurant. 
We had a large group that had reservations an hour before Saturday's closing time but had to get through parade traffic and street construction all over town to get here so we were a little late but they accommodated us even though we ended up with a couple more diners. We started with 4 diners ordering Levee Breach, Death by Chocolate, Flood Water, and Honey Bee Sting, and several orders of the Lizardi Rolls which were egg rolls meet cajun crawfish, shrimp, and crabmeat; they were delicious and worthy of accolades.
We ordered a variety of entrees from stuffed bell peppers, creole shrimp to grilled chicken breast and everyone enjoyed their meal and finished off with a tasty bread pudding with pecan bourbon sauce.
Good food, friendly staff, and reasonable prices make Cafe Dauphine a business that is worthy of patronage.Great locals spot...smack in the middle of a neighborhood, comfortable,  inviting and friendly. Service was professional and our waitress gave excellent recommendations. Big parties, (we were), be prepared to wait a bit and food is served as its plated so be patient ;)
Everyone tried something different and there were zero disappointments. It's hard to mess up fried oysters I know, but the batter on these was light, crispy and delicate and the garlic mash potatoes melt in your mouth. The crab stuffing in the stuffed shrimp was clearly homemade and fresh! Chocolate cake was amazing! Even the ice tea was perfectly brewed. We absolutely will return.I just moved to Holy Cross/Lower Ninth and my neighbor told me to check this place out. I brought a couple of friends who were visiting from Oakland and went to dinner.
I recognized the owner from photos on here so I introduced myself, as she will be seeing me quite often now since I live down the street and this place is yum! She was super nice and came over to talk to us while we were seated. The waitress was also really nice.
We started with the Lizardi Rolls after reading all the positive reviews on here. They were good but the sauce that was on them was great! I ordered the Stuffed Shrimp with red beans and rice and garlic mashed potatoes. I was very impressed with all of the items. The shrimp were perfect and not greasy at all, which is my number one complaint with most fried foods. The red beans and rice were delish with huge chunks of sausage in it. The garlic potatoes were good, great texture, but not garlicky enough for me. Then again, nothing is ever garlicky enough for me.
My friends ordered the fried stuffed bell peppers and the pepper shrimp. They loved them! I tried one of the stuffed bells and it was fantastic. They were also impressed with the red beans and rice and their loaded mashed potatoes.
We finished off with two orders of bread pudding and oh my lord...I started to make myself sick mowing down on it. It was sooo good. I had had bread pudding before and didn't like it (but I had it in California so...) but this was a whole other world.
Needless to say the three of us waddled back to my house and fell asleep in food comas about an hour later. I will be back. Often.This was my first visit. Enjoyed the signature Redfish entree. The kitchen and dining room were very clean. Staff was a little neglectful. I'll definitely go back and recommend it to my friends.Every thing was delicious.  The portions were so big we all had to have to go boxes. Louisiana is not stingy with the portions.  Our waitress Katrina (ironic right!) was so attentive and friendly and gave us some other good places to try.
This is definitely off the beaten path. I am so glad we visited the 9th Ward living museum.  They featured this restaurant in a documentary. It is the only restaurant in the 9th Ward....  imagine that. This place should be included in tourism information,  not just because the food is great, but to stimulate the economy in the area that is still struggling to recover 10 years post-Katrina.While visiting the birthplace of my grandparents my cousins brought me here to eat.  The food and the service was great!  I started off with the crab cakes and they were delicious and huge.   They do have some filler but they were still tasty.  I ordered the fried shrimp with red beans and rice and broccoli.  The broccoli cook have been cooked longer but those shrimp were so fresh and the breading was fabulous!  Red Beans & Rice were a great consistency but lacked any flavor, they were bland.  Overall I recommend this spot and will return on my next visit.   Met one of the owners and he was very welcoming and hospitable!Ate there on a recent Friday night while visiting my daughter at Tulane.  This is a real find!  The Creole cuisine truly lives up to its name as a hybrid of French and Caribbean.  Stuffed bell peppers and Creole Pepper Shrimp were outstanding.  Service was great, as our waiter Chris took plenty of time to make us feel welcome and give us the background on the food and the operation.  We had a truly memorable evening, and will be back.  I also second Carly R's statement that the owners are incredibly nice and accommodating.So good! Tastes like church food! You can't find better outside of a church function or family reunion.We came here on a whim and honestly the garden salad was just huge! That may have been enough for one person. I also enjoyed the crawfish-corn bisque, fried oysters and red beans. Classic cajun-creole fare here, and in a pleasant clean environment. Great service- but unfortunately they didn't serve alcohol when I went there. Maybe BYOB?Met at the Cafe tonite to talk about the lowernine and more than pleased to have a great experience. 
Atmosphere and energy was charged and engaging. 
Service was top of the mark and the food was great.
Lad the Lizardi Stickers and took a serving of bread pudding. 
Go there and support the community.I was in town for a convention and was referred to Cafe Dauphine.  I decided to try the crab cakes and they were beyond excellent - Very tasty with an outstanding sauce. Great service and a dynamic bartender.  If you're in New Orleans please make a special trip and you will be happy that you did.Once you meet the staff, you are instantly family.
I come here at least once a month, I swear.  The food is so good, even if you MADE a home cooked meal, this place and all of their delicious delights would STILL draw you in.  My favorites are the fried stuffed bell pepper and the redfish florentine, and don't forget the loaded mashed potatoes!
Love it, love it, love it.  Tastes even better than home.Came on a Tuesday with family. Ordered Creole Pepper Shrimp which is served over mashed potatoes with toast and 1 additional side. I'm so glad they gave me bread to sop up that delicious smooth sauce. The shrimp was excellent by the way. My cuzin had the fried stuffed bell pepper. Our comment after tasting it "why would anyone serve a stuffed bell pepper any other way?" Ohhh my goodness. YUM!!! And of course, the best part was spending time with family. AND if you're going to be with family, you should definitely share a good meal.Cute place in a neighborhood that really needs it.  Went for lunch; the lunch specials are a good deal (I had the fish plate and it was delicious). Staff was friendly but the food was slow out of the kitchen (esp. since there were as many people back there as parties in the dining room!)I hadn't been in some time so it was great to see that a bar was incorporated into the restaurant.  Our server was friendly and provided good drink recommendations.  It's a simple and cozy environment with a pretty good seafood platter.  Save room for the bread pudding...it's delicious!A little gem of a restaurant.  Everything on the menu is delicious, but the redfish florentine is beyond words.  A dressy casual, offbeat, out of the way, genuine place to celebrate life in New Orleans.We came during Essence and it was packed; however, our hostess went above and beyond, making sure we had a memorable experience. This place is an absolute gem! I dined with my five girlfriends, each of us chose something different, and each of us swore we'd chosen the best dish in the menu lol!! I will never visit Nawlins without stopping here! One of the highlights of my visit!My family and I vacationed in New Orleans for a couple of days, and dinner here was the best meal we ate! Delicious food all around and a great atmosphere. The owners were very friendly and made sure that we had everything we needed. Try the ribs - meatiest ribs I have ever eaten. The chocolate cake is off the chain tasty as well.I went here last night for my birthday, and I'll be returning, regularly. My husband complained about driving so far since we live uptown and "there are so many great restaurants nearby," but I insisted and, as I said, it was my birthday, not his. Well, he and my son agreed that it was definitely worth the trip.
You can't beat the atmosphere, the wait staff, and the food. It's an elegant place but also a neighborhood place; the customers who frequent it are absolutely charming.
The owners were brave to pour such money into the Lower Nine, and this was truly an act of love. This, perhaps, is reason enough to go here, but once there, you'll come back and back.
This place is a treasure.
Be warned: the food is rich. But it's worth the splurge.We arrived to one couple in the place. Sat down ordered right away. Appetizer was never served. 20+ minutes later, the first entree arrived followed 5 minutes later by the other two. Red beans tasted like canned blue runners. Loaded potatoes were served with hardened chewy melted cheese and rubbery crumbled bacon. Crawfish etouffee tasted like flour and water whipped together with a little kitchen bouquet thrown in for coloring. The fried catfish also left a lot to be desired - the filets didn't have "fresh" taste. For the money $55, very disappointed!Awww, man. I had high hopes for this place as it has many high marks and is in the neighborhood of my childhood.  The menu had me salivating, but then came the HUGE cockroach crawling on the wall above the cooktop and moved toward us...and then back to the cooktop.  We alerted the waitress who then alerted the owner.  She showed absolutely no concern about the roach and did nothing about it, including offering an apology.  That came from the waitress.  The owner did walk by our table to go back to her conversation with 2 gents at the bar.  
The food took 30-40 min to arrive.  Mind you, there were only 6 people in this place split b/w 2 tables.  Food came and 2 orders were incorrect.  Red beans w/o rice was ordered, but of course, there was rice.  I'll excuse that.  My wife's shrimp order, along with our guest's order, only came with 6 shrimp - for a $15 shrimp plate. We asked how much for another order of just shrimp. Almost $7 dollars.  More than Two bucks a shrimp!!!  C'mon, man.  The Owner came over...FINALLY, but by request.  With a very aloof demeanor, she made sure to emphasize how much she pays for shrimp, by the pound, and that we were getting the "creme de la creme" and that there have NEVER been any complaints.  Yeah, ok.
We were all a bit surprise to her approach, really.  She should take notes of the interpersonal skills displayed by her waitress.  This young lady was on her "A" game and almost seemed to be trying to make up for her less than stellar employer.  
In closing, I'm glad a place like this exists in my old neighborhood, but there's a reason why so few people were there.  Besides the roach, the door by the bar with the black garbage bags and duck tape holding it on (bullet holes?) and the disappointing owner/manager, my fish was tasty.  I won't be visiting this place again, though.   Not even if it's free.  One of my guests was a childhood friend that still lives there.  She won't be there again, either.a gem - an island in the middle of houses; off the beaten track but worth a visit. Great decor (big surprise); excellent and tasty ample food  good service; traditional home cooking go there and enjoy anything on the menu.Delicious! Enjoyed the Lizardi Rolls and Creole Pepper Shrimp. The flavors are a perfect blend; not too spicy, not too salty, just right.I visited Cafe Dauphine, after church, for Sunday Brunch. We sat at the bar, while waiting on a table and noticed how dirty/dusty the glasses were. 
Although the coffee was watery, the food was tasty; however, the service left a lot to be desired. Our server brought out our food, one plate at a time. It was only two people at out table and nothing was special order or too difficult to cook. Then while the 2nd person was finishing, instead of coming to the table to offer desserts, they offered the check.
 Additionally, the place was exceptionally loud with a group of ladies. It was a distraction, but I imagine it was something that the staff couldn't control.I was in the neighborhood for work, and we decided to stop by for lunch based on previous Yelp reviews.  I loved this place!  Cute and clean interior and friendly staff.  I ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo, and it was delicious.  Closest I've ever had to my grandmother's gumbo.  It was dark broth with chicken, sausage, and shrimp and served with crusty french bread on the side.  The only complaint is that it could have had a little more rice and/or meat.  Just a bowl wouldn't be enough for lunch.  I was a little hesitant about this place, due to the location, but I definitely recommend it.  We parked on the street, no problem.The salad is good and the fried oyster po boy is a must try!!!!!  Nice ambiance, and pleasant staff.  I'll definitely return and recommend to friends!OMG!!! I asked my wife out for lunch today as I was off from work early and wanted to spend some quality time with her. After debating about where to go for a few minutes, we decided to go to Cafe Dauphine because it was highly recommended by a close friend. Well, the food and the service, not to mention the atmosphere, was way above and beyond my expectations. The Lizardi Rolls are EXCELLENT, I had the Redfish Florentine and it was Delicious!! My wife had the fried stuffed catfish and it was Awesome as well!!  The service was excellent as well. Will DEFINITELY be back.I visited this place recently for a dinner party. It was my first time and most definetly my last time. There was only 1 waitress for 15 people. She look as if she was new and confused. One drink was ordered and served at a time. Appetizers didn't come out until about 8:30p. They close at 9 and we had been there since 7p. Dinner starts to roll out and one of the kids dinner plates never makes it to the table until about 9:05p. It took another 45 minutes to get the bill. Honestly, the owner and staff have no clue whatsoever. They advertise mixed vegetables as a side. Once it came out it was broccoli!! The waitress says that's what our mixed vegetables are. The food is not worth the hassle! Lastly we had to eat with our coats because there was no heat. 
Don't dine here! There are a million other places to go. We were fooled by the reviews, save your money !A delightful white-tablecloth restaurant in the holy cross neighborhood. Our fried oyster and shrimp poboys were heavenly, and our server was so friendly!Excellent food, desserts, and drinks, made better by a friendly staff.  The Stuffed Bell Peppers are delicious.  This great venue is a welcome sight symbolizing the revival of the historic lower 9th ward area.A great little gem away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. The food is fresh and tasty. Crab cakes were packed with crab and had a nice light breading. Veggies were fresh and cooked to perfection. Save room for dessert cause the bread pudding is a must have item. Support local business and get yourself to Cafe Dauphine. You'll be glad you did.Hidden gem of a restaurant located in the Ninth Ward. Simple yet pleasant decor & relaxing environment. Staff is friendly, attentive & professional. My friend & I ordered appetizer through dessert. Every. Single. bite. was. delicious! Lizardi rolls, Redfish Florentine and ending with "chocolate explosion cake". Wow!I don't think I've ever written a one star review before.  The reason they get this one star is because the waitress I had for lunch yesterday was warm, friendly, personable and took care of us.  That was the only good thing about our visit.
I really wanted to like this place because it is in an area of the city that really needs more family style businesses - or businesses period.  I was prepared to be charmed.  I was unprepared for the overpriced uninspired menu of what I would call faux New Orleans.  It seemed like everything on the menu was two dollars (or more) more expensive than anywhere else in the city, for no apparent reason.  I was already hesitant given that there was only one table of diners and one person seated at the small bar when we showed up for lunch at noon, but I nearly walked out when I saw the menu.  
$11 for a regular burger?  $12 for a bacon cheeseburger?  I don't know what planet the owners are living on.  I eat at Beachcorner 3-4 times a month and they charge $7.95 for their huge bacon cheeseburger which is seasoned to perfection.  Company Burger, which many argue has the best burger in the city, charges $10.75 for a bacon cheeseburger - with an extra patty.
So maybe I was already a little irritable by the time the food came.  I ordered the bacon cheese fries with ranch and a cheeseburger.  The bf ordered the chicken sandwich.  The fries themselves were pretty good.  I will give them that.  The cheese, though, was stingy and the bacon was not very good quality - especially for a $7 appetizer.  The ranch which came with the fries was as runny as water and the flavor was just not that good.
The burger was horrible.  The "top grade" patty which the menu boasted was formed by hand was clearly not and I'm not sure it was even all beef.  It didn't taste like hamburger and it wasn't seasoned at all - not even salt and pepper.  I had ordered it medium rare, but while the outside was cooked the inside was barely warm and still raw.  The bargain bin cheese on top was again stingy and it was served with the world's smallest squiggle of mayo - yet a huge helping of coarsely chopped lettuce and red onion piled on the bun as if it were a salad on top of a burger.  I only ate three bites and I didn't even bother bringing the rest of it home.  The chicken on the boy's sandwich looked unseasoned as well and the ends of the chicken were completely dry and shriveled.
The menu was uninspired.  It looked like it was written by someone who really didn't have a feel for food, or an idea of what this restaurant was supposed to showcase.  Which can work for some restaurants, it does for City Diner.  But here the menu just feels like a hodgepodge mashup between bar food and "New Orleans" style food without a real feel for the food itself or an idea of how to put ingredients together in new and original ways to make the food exciting.  With so many great restaurants in New Orleans, you really have to understand the food to make it work.  I will stick to Mother's for po-boys and Beachcorner for delicious garlicky burgers and fries with mounds of cheese and bacon.  Now, it's possible since some of the menu gets rave reviews that you just need to stick to the things on the menu that are really good, but if that's the case they should pare the menu down to the things they do well.
Much as I hate to say it, I would give this one a miss and stick to other restaurants.This restaurant was a sweet surprise, from the outside I wasn't expecting much, but I 'm excited to say it turned out to be a treat. The service was impeccable and we wanted for nothing, our waitress was a beaitiful young lady with a short red afro and a smile that lit the room. The owners were wonderful as well, even taking the time to refer other eateries for us to visit and get a true taste NOLA culture. The food was great, we had the crab cakes with grilled fish and shrimp which we thoroughly enjoyed, so if you have the chance drop by and enjoy.Great neighborhood restaurant!  The gumbo was delicious.  The entrees are nice portion size, and priced just right.  Looking forward to dining there again!Great food. The cat fish was the freshest I've ever had. The creole shrimp wasn't bad either. But the bread pudding with the rum sauce, OMG!The crab stuffed catfish is out of this world. Service has the greatest touch of southern charm. Definitely a must go!This place is awesome! 
Super friendly staff and the food was excellent... 
Went there for lunch, will definitely be back with a date! LOLAbsolutely love this place. The food is so very "comfort"-able with Fried chicken and Mac and cheese as the staple go to. I have not had a bad meal here and we have gone for dinner and brunch and just love it.
It is a bit dark but I will take that over bright lights any day.
Staff is always very friendly and attentive and if you just want to have a nice mellow brunch and/or dinner where consistency and delicious food are a must then. Enjoy.Creole twist food in the lower ninth ward. We were looking for a local place to bring an out of town friend and ended up at Cafe Dauphine because the reviews were not from tourists. We started with the Lizardi rolls, crawfish spring rolls served with a sweet and sour sauce. The fried stuffed bell pepper was delicious. I had the pepper shrimp that was also divine. Our waitress was helpful and friendly and the owner even stopped by to see if everything was good.This restaurant is a neighborhood treasure off the beaten path--a must when in N.O.! I've been twice and enjoyed everything I've ordered. The seafood platter is fresh, flavorful, and fried to perfection! The redfish florentine is awesome! Courteous service. Highly recommend!I wont write a TOO lengthy review, but was in N.O. visiting family and an uncle recommended this place to me and my mom. I trusted his wisdom because he will not steer you to a place in New Orleans if it doesn't have his stamp of approval, lol. We went ahead and took the plunge. We found this place and while the neighborhood may make a few less adventerous souls hesitant, this is New Orleans, baby and my hometown!. This neighborhood in particular suffered heavily as a result of Katrina, but things are bouncing back here.
We arrived, were greeted and seated promptly. The decor is simple, yet warm and inviting. It may have been either a family home at one time or another eating/drinking establishment. It's evident some work was put into the building and it still retains it's old New Orleans style charm.
 The bar is off of the main dining area and the kitchen is located in and elevated above the main dining room. In fact, the sounds of food being cooked and the kitchen crew conversing back and forth with the servers adds to the ambiance, but at the same time is not overwhelming to the point you can't converse with your fellow diners. The clientle at the time we were there (post Noon Saturday) was a mix of neighborhood residents and tourists enjoying their food.
Our server greeted us and was very attentive. I ordered a beer (They don't have beer on tap) and looked over the menu. While the selection is limited, care and effort is put into each entree, as another Yelper mentioned. I ordered the fried shrimp platter and mom ordered the fried catfish. We both ordered sides of red beans and fries. Shortly thereafter, our food arrived piping hot. The portions were generous, but not overwhelming. The shrimp were large, crunchy and tender insdie. These were indeed Gulf shrimp and IMO, the best shrimp on the planet. I also sampled mom's catfish and it was a large filet, crunchy on the outside and tender inside. The red beans were excellent, and reminded me so much of my grandmother's red beans and rice. 
We skipped desert as we were both pleasantly full. I did want to try the bread pudding, but didn't have room. We then got a chance to speak with one of the co-owners who was very pleasant and inviting. We told her how much we enjoyed the meal and would return.
Dining here was a very enjoyable and uplifting experience. Why uplifting? It's great to see a family owned business start, thrive and bring residents and tourists alike together in pre-Katrina New Orleans. I wish them many years of continued success. There is no pretensiousness or snootiness here..just down home New Orleans cooking and hospitality.
If you have had a bad experience here before, please at least give it another try.After eating at several (disappointing) places in the Quarter, we came here--to New Orleans food nirvana. On a recommendation from an Uber cab driver!
Our waitress was amazing, our food even better! I ordered fried catfish, red beans & rice, with a salad and an order of crab cakes. SOO good. I'm not a seafood eater-normally. This restaurant could very well convert me!
The catfish was flaky and not greasy, red beans & rice had just the right amount of spice. The remoulade sauce was a spicy bit of heaven. I even finished the 2nd filet the next day!
We even received hugs when we left! Cannot wait to head back!!Only two stars not for the food but for other reasons.The Lizardi Rolls were great. The Spicy Shrimp was very tasty but had only 6 small shrimp. The stuffed shrimp plate was very good but came with no bread, which is a staple in this kind of restaurant, and the server never brought the salad that came with it. We also had to ASK for refills on our tea. The chocolate dessert was frozen pre-made food service kind.  And finally this restaurant should not use paper napkins at these prices.I have dined here for lunch and dinner a few times. The menu is unique without being weird. Very nice people and the bread pudding is excellent. I had the fried stuffed bell pepper and my wife the original. Their steamed vegetables are fresh and loaded mashed potatoes good as well.Excellent food; friendly, comfortable ambience. We tried their signature dishes (redfish and fried stuffed green peppers) and we were not disappointed. The gumbo is out of this world: silky, smooth and not too spicy. You could tell they made their roux in advance and let it season for a while. I highly recommend it. Full bar.Love this place and so grateful it exists in the Lower 9th Ward! Good food, welcoming environment at reasonable prices. Good for families or groups -- a perfect neighborhood restaurant in a community that desperately needs more.We bought a Groupon and thought what the heck it's not far from home. 
We had Crab Cakes for our appetizer...delicious . 
My husband had the Shrimp Creole on top of Garlic Mashed Potatoes....he ate every bite. I had the Redfish Florentine....absolute perfection! 
The service was impeccable and Keisha made us feel so welcome and comfortable we think we're family now. 
You can't go wrong here and the food quality vs the price is unreal! 
If I could give you another star on this review I would! 
Thank you and see you soon!Food was amazing from appetizers to main course were great. Drinks were very tasty I had the chocolate martini.I've been here twice now and I haven't had a bad meal here and the food is awesome.  The first time I was here I had the crab cakes which delicious.  For the main entree grill shrimp pasta with a side of the fried stuffed bell pepper.  The pasta was tasty and filling but put me too sleep.  The second time around I tried a seafood platter which had a variety of seafood all perfectly seasoned with a side of vegetables and red beans and rice but the treat is the must try bread pudding!!! Can't wait until my 3rd time all of the dishes the other patrons ordered looked delicious!!!  The owner is a jewel sweet southern hospitalityGreat restaurant tucked away in the lower 9th Ward. Ate here during a bike tour and pleasantly surprised at how great the food is!The food was great the service was even better I will be back again soon. Also the spring was very goodMy husband saw a Groupon for Cafe Dauphine, a restaurant in the upper 9th Ward (Holy Cross neighborhood).   We checked out the reviews, it looked good, so we bought it.  We used it tonight.  What an awesome experience!  The Holy Cross neighborhood is not like any other in the 9th Ward.  No empty lots with tall grass--just lots of beautiful houses that have been renovated to reflect the culture of our city.  But to get back to the restaurant--the food was amazing.  My husband got a deep fried stuffed bell pepper--yes apparently you can deep fry them!  I got grilled shrimp pasta--perfection!  The crab cake appetizer was stuffed with crabmeat and delish.  Oh wait, my pasta came with a "house salad."  It kept falling out of the plate--purple and green and not hint of  lettuce!  It also had berled egg, cucumber, tomato and cheese--not your typical house salad.  To top things off, we had cheesecake with a Banana's Foster topping....I'm not a sweet eater, but that stuff was GrrrrEAT!  The service was awesome and the owner was on site and told us the history of the building (convenient store for the last 30 years-pre-K and before that it was an ice cream store).  Her brother restored it beautifully for her restaurant.I made reservations for my wedding party of 15. Upon arrival we were immediately seated. Unfortunately service here was very slow. Our drink orders were slow to come out with the exception of those in my party that were having alcoholic beverages. After being seated for over an hour no one in my party had received their salads. Eventually the server did start bringing out the salads but  3 people in my party still did not recieve their salads. When the main dishes were finally served some food was cold. During the time we were there at least 3 other tables had been served their drinks and meals. Those guests arrived after my party.What a wonderful little hidden gem. The service was perfect and the food was spectacular! Hidden in the middle of a neighborhood, this place is something I would have never found just driving around. I had the fried stuffed peppers with gumbo and red beans, Ahhhmazing! Who's great idea was it to stuff a pepper with crab meat and shrimp and the deep fry it?! Genius I tell you! The portion was perfect, just enough for me to have lunch for tomorrow. I finished it off with their bread pudding (to go because I was so stuffed) which didn't let me down. Very reasonably priced but it's a good thing I don't live too close to here, I'd be broke and huge in no time! Must try if your in the area!!