Went to lunch today with some fella's.  we all got the Wednesday specials- I got the shrimp étouffée with a side salad. The étouffée was a good size portion the meal was delicious(9.99 can't beat that and if you can you can beat the mission of the cafe) The other two tried the pot roast with the two sides both were happy! For dessert we split a bread pudding THE best in the city. Great visit as always and the renovation are wonderful. Have been going to cafe reconcile for 5 years now and always walk out happy!This place is a great concept! The food was delicious and fresh. Service was prompt and courteous. You can't beat the prices either. My husband had the traditional Monday special in NOLA, red beans and rice. It was a generous bowlful that came with a side salad and bread. He added the grilled chicken, and got 3 large boneless pieces. I got a cup of gumbo and two a la carte sides. The gumbo was full of smoked sausage and tender chunks of chicken. My sides were smothered okra with shrimp and mac and cheese. The okra was yummy, although a bit skimpy on shrimp. The mac and cheese was outstanding. All of this, along with 2 iced teas was less that $30. I would definitely come back.It's hard to find Cafe Reconcile with its doors open, since it is only open for lunch on weekdays, but this innovative program/restaurant is worth a trip into Central City, my favorite New Orleans neighborhood.  Central City has a rich and fascinating civil rights history.  During segregation, Oretha Castle Haley Blvd, the main drag where Cafe Reconcile is located, was the Canal Street of black New Orleans.  Now, OC Haley is making a come back.  Cafe Reconcile is leading the charge.  Delicious Southern cooking, I love the collard greens and fried chicken, and a program to get vulnerable youth off the streets.  Youth in New Orleans, and especially Central City, have had it rough since Katrina.  Violence is at an all time high and there are very few options for jobs as these kids look at a bleak future.  Cafe Reconcile is creates an alternative community, another family, for kids.  So, tip big.  Stop by Ashe Cultural Arts Center, across the street, when you are in the area.I didn't really read the reviews of this place before coming in, so I didn't even notice that this was a foundation for at-risk youth to learn culinary skills and hospitality. The place was clean and quaint and decorated well with such great service and courteousness from everyone at the establishment.
Prices were standard for a restaurant of this caliber. we ordered gumbo, fried catfish, baked chicken and roasted salmon. mac and cheese was great and so was the sweet potato mash and collard greens. Service was phenomenal. everything tasted great, and we were happy to support this initiative.Came here with my boyfriend on a trip to NOLA and the food was fantastic! So delicious, the staff kind, an incredible mission. We loved it and can't wait to come back and keep supporting the community.This place is so freaking good. I haven't been to New Orleans in 5 years and I still talk/think about this place. I used to work at Zeitgeist Arts Center (across the street) and ate lunch here all the time.
Not only is the food delicious, you are also contributing to the community it's so great.  After Katrina, I called all of my friends to see if they were ok and then the next question I asked is, how is Cafe Reconcile! I love it that much.
The crawfish bisque and the gumbo where my everyday favorites. Followed by their daily changing menu of pork chops, fried chicken, catfish and po'boys. I always ended my meal with the the Banana Foster's Bread Pudding. I have been to a lot of restaurants in the U.S. and this is by far one of the best.
I recommend it to anyone visiting or living in New Orleans, not to mention it's dirt cheap!!!!
Downside: It's only open 'till 2pm. Get there at 11:30 to beat the lunch crowd.SO DELICIOUS!! We started of with the spinach and artichoke dip. Then my sister and I both ordered crawfish poboys, definitely one of the best we have had. The service was quick and our server was great! Very kind and prompt. We will definitely be returning!Honestly the best food I've had here so far! Love the people and the idea behind the project. Food is amazing! Would love to go backLocal who has visited this place 4 times and EVERYTIME it is absolutely amazing. From the service to the food, never been disappointed. Love it! Nothing on the menu disappoints.Having visited New Orleans several times, I've had the pleasure of many superb meals. Cafe Reconcile is no exception to excellence in dining. In fact, I had the best shrimp étouffée, while in NOLA and THE best peach cobbler anywhere. Ever. 
The atmosphere is warm, friendly and very welcoming. The staff were so friendly, folks you could talk to. 
I strongly support the concept of this cafe and wish it every success. I know I'll do my part to spread word about an absolutely outstanding cafe and will make a point of coming back for seconds. I may just have to swing by for more cobbler on the way home.Really good food with an even better backstory! 
There is a very local/community-driven vibe at the restaurant. Very authentic to New Orleans. 
I would recommend the catfish with mac and cheese and jambalaya on the side. Especially the jambalaya. 
If you have time after your meal, check out the Ashé Cultural Center across the street.I've only been here once, but I'm definitely going back. I had the backed chicken, mac and cheese ,and greens and I loved everything about it. 
The best thing is that this is such a great community project. And those youngsters are SO attentive. They want to make sure that you never run out of bread or whatever it is your drinking. 
Will be back!Great cause, better food.  The neighborhood is not the best but do not let that detour you from experiencing this placeSouthern food cooked to perfection. The bananas foster was a bit too much, so bring a friend to share. Great food and a great cause.Food is great, the mission is even better. Check out their web site (or follow them on twitter) if you are unfamiliar. To those who said their server was inexperienced - yes, that's the whole point. Training at-risk youth in the restaurant industry to give them a safe place to build community and character while learning marketable job skills. What to order? The crawfish bisque, smothered okra, and the jalapeno cornbread. YUM!I ordered the baked chicken, sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, and the greens, and I LOVED everything except the greens.  The greens were a little bland for my taste, but everything else rocked.
I'm sad that I only got to eat here one time while I was in New Orleans, but you'd better believe that if I'm ever in town again, they will be my first stop!!Great place to encourage & support the local kids; it's a great cause! Food was pretty good, but we didn't go just for that.Not open for breakfast or dinner, only for lunch it seems.(11 - 3) At night the neighborhood is badly lit and seems very "edgy." Not for the fainthearted. Have not had the opportunity to try it out as went there for dinner only to find it closed.I think I was here on an off day. The famous bread pudding had curdled, and our bread and a couple of entrees were cold. And, our newbie service staff were afraid to walk to the other side of our table and handed our plates to us. 
Don't worry - I believe in the concept of the place, and will give another chance to upgrade the stars.I have to say the food is a notch above mediocre, but there was absolutely nothing to complain about considering the price and the mission of Cafe Reconcile. 
The restaurant is bright and airy, the servers are very eager to help, the menu is well organized, and the food is quite good. My friends enjoyed their chicken and sausage gumbo, and I loved my fried crawfish and salad. The fried breading wasn't too heavy and was well seasoned. The side of greens and mac and cheese were absolutely delicious. 
My friends and I arrived early for lunch (~11:30) and the restaurant was completely packed when we left at around 1 o'clock. And it was a Monday. I left impressed.We had such a good meal today at Cafe Reconcile!  The staff was very polite and the service was good.  Started with a very tasty watermelon lemonade and I had the vegetable lasagna with collard greens and smothered okra w/shrimp - delicious!  My husband had red beans and rice with andouille sausage and gave it two thumbs up with emphasis in the sausage!  We'll be back!Located between downtown and the Garden District, Cafe Reconcile is a great lunch place that happens to also be a good cause. We came on Monday, so red beans and rice it was, and while we weren't bowled over by the food, our meal was a solid meat-and-two, plus drinks, for less than $8 a person. The waiters dress up, which is a little out of sync with the rest of the decor, but still a recommended experience for anyone wishing to get out of downtown without going too far.I had an incredible time here. Not only did I love my meal (grilled catfish with man n cheese and sautéed green beans,) I met a bunch of incredible folks from the community who were so loving and had amazing energy. It seemed like everyone in there was family and went out of their way to say hello.This place has some of the best vegetables of any restaurant in NOLA.  I really love the mashed sweet potatoes, the creole okra with shrimp, the collard greens, and the green beans.  I used to work across the street from here before Katrina and I ate lunch here everyday so this place really does hold a special meaning to me.  
I really like the daily specials (with a choice of yummy veggies) which are pretty much the same goodness as they have been but the new training format they have started since Katrina has resulted in substantially decreased and consistently bad service (where before Katrina I always had great service).  I understand that this is a training ground but the training used to be much better and they need to institute more discipline and control to get this ship running right again.
I recently returned for my first visit since they completed the massive renovation of their location and it has been transformed into a very nice space with a much larger seating area.  There is no longer the dive feeling with the kitchen thrown out into the the side of the dining room but now it looks like a modern full fledged restaurant.  I sort of miss the dive aspect but the layout is far better organized and the bathrooms are exponentially better.  Service has improved some since my last several visits but it still hasn't gotten back to what it used to be before Katrina so the trainees definitely need more supervision and guidance.  As an extra bonus they are now selling a cookbook so you can learn to prepare their great veggies on your own.The food is good -- we had the meatloaf special and the baked chicken -- and the price is right (under $20 for two before tip for drinks and entrees that come with 2 sides). Unfortunately I have to agree with some of the other comments on the service. Several waiters and waitresses came to our table shortly after arrival, but then at the end we had to wait 15 minutes to get a check (and even then only got it when we flagged down a different girl). Also some of the sides were piping hot but some of them were barely warm. I know it's a training ground but they could improve the experience with a little more attention to detail. Even so definitely worth checking out.Cafe Reconcile is a weekday lunch-only place so it's taken me a few years to eat here on New Orleans trips. I had read about their mission to train at-risk youth for jobs in the food industry so I made it a point to have lunch on this visit. I had a small table with many community activists dining at tables around me, and everything on the menu sounded so good it was hard to decide. I liked the Cafe's vibe from the art on the walls, the banner strung near the entrance, to the karma of the friendly staff. I ordered gumbo with a side of jambalaya for lunch and they just hit the spot while reading John Kennedy Toole's "A Confederacy of Dunces."
I had a nice chat with my server about the training program after lunch and wished him luck with his impending completion of training.Great mission, unfortunately horrible management.  We wanted to have Cafe Reconcile cater our wedding.  David Giardina was the man we spoke with.  He told us he didn't have anything booked that day, but might have a wedding.  We said we were willing to commit right away.  He asked for some time so we gave it to him.  I emailed him a month later and he said sorry for not getting back to me, but he was now booked and had met with the other event earlier that week.  I am not sure what they are doing, but I have never had any organization, especially a non-profit turn down money when it was offered.  The whole thing seems a little fishy.  I hope the people participating in the program learn skills to help them improve their lives.  I just hope David isn't teaching any classes.We stumbled on Cafe Reconcile when looking for a place to grab a bite before our Garden District Tour. If you're unfamiliar with what makes Cafe Reconcile special, it's a non-profit restaurant provides job training for New Orleans at-risk youth. We have a similar model in Chicago, so once I heard that I was sold on dining there.
We came in at just the right time for lunch; shortly after we were seated the place really filled in and there may have even been a short wait for tables. The cafe is cute; bright and airy with handmade artwork and success stories adorning the walls.
We started out with the seafood gumbo and for our entrees, he got the pan seared catfish with crawfish stuffing and I got the crawfish po boy with a side of mac and cheese. I liked both of our choices, the crawfish stuffing was excellent, and if I lived in the area, would definitely return to try more of the menu. We finished off the meal with some delicious peach cobbler. Service during our meal was extremely friendly and attentive. We had two servers, one shadowing the other to learn the ropes.
I'm glad we found Cafe Reconcile; you can't do much better than eating good food that helps support a great cause.I really enjoyed cafe Reconcile! Service was good and the chicken and waffles were great with a good price point.Heard about the concept of this resturant and thought it was really terrific. If you're looking for a good old fashion southern meal come here.   Simple, easy and the food is real good.   I had a veggie plate with Mac & Cheese (very yummy in my tummy)  some collard greens, sweet corn and mashed sweet potatoes.   They have good southern meats like fried chicken, catfish, meatloaf, bbq too.Great food. Reasonably priced and the peach cobbler was as good as everyone said it was. Service was attentive. Atmosphere was fresh and busy on a Monday afternoon. From the outside I wouldn't have expected the life that was bustling inside.Warning: the mac & cheese will change your life. 
Our whole experience was fabulous: great sweet tea, really good fried chicken, transcendent mac & cheese. Perfect service. 
Make sure to tip big! The food and the city are both worth it.Fee-nomenal. Drawn here by the story on Tony Bourdain's No Reservations and some glowing reviews on Roadfood.com, and after a round of the veggie plate (okra, macncheese and greens) topped off by the Butterfly cake, and THEN followed up by an hour conversation with a random collection of movers and shakers in Nawlins revival, I may have left with more than a full belly and a smile. I might have left with a new home. 
Great cause, great prices, even better food.Came by after the gym for a quick lunch with fam from out of town.  We were seated quickly by the host.  We had 2 servers trying to take our order.  We ordered, me the baked chicken with 2 sides.  The chicken was dry, and I got one of the wrong sides-which would have been OK, but the potatoes were cold.  So I called one of my 2 servers back to have them replaced, by something else, that was hot.  The place is so cold that you can see the steam come off the plates while they are sitting on the line waiting to be delivered to your table.   If they sit there for any period of time (like ours were), the air-conditioner will quickly chill your hot food.   So the big deal really is the temperature of the food.  Service, well these kids wouldn't do well anywhere else, without formal and proper training, but that OK, that is why this place is here, to help them acquire job skills.  We would go back, but perhaps to try the po-boys.Decided to get out of the office with the other broads and decided to head over to the other side of the I-10 to Cafe Reconcile.
Be careful with parking because it's off-street and there is a parking lot but there's a sign that says it's a private parking lot and you will be towed if you do not have any business with the owner of the lot.  The driver parked there nevertheless.
If you are coming from the CBD, it's on your right hand side.  It's in an area that I would not normally venture through at night if I had to go through there.  Fortunately Cafe Reconcile only opens up for lunch.  
The cafe is clean and tidy.  The dining area is open and all the cooking goes on right there on the side of the restaurant.  We didnt have to wait for seating as a gentleman greeted us and seated us right away.
Servers made sure to check on us and I detected no attitude which is a breath of fresh air for me.  
There are no apps, but there are daily specials.  
After we ordered, we were brought slices of french bread with butter. 
I ordered the fried catfish with collard greens and mashed sweet potato.  It was good.  They are not stingy with the sides and it came with one catfish--the plate was was 7.99.  It was kinda expecting 2 fish was that's ok, considering the money made goes to this non-prof  employing at risk individuals and giving them a chance when others wont employ them.
One of my dining partner had the shrimp etouffee which came with a beautiful salad.  Yes it's iceberg lettuce but with cucumbers and tomatoes.  
I felt good eating there knowing that I was participating in a good cause by dining there.  It felt good to be sitting in the establishment and the food was good.  
What more can I ask for?  
All 3 of us dined for less than $30, not so bad.
Consider yourself warned about the area already, it's family friendly, not sure if they accept credit because we paid cash.  
Well worth the trip to check out the operation and the food.Excellent place for lunch.  Loved the food and the premise of the place.  Kids learning skills to take out into the world with them.  Killer collard greens - best of the trip!  Fresh, quick, inexpensive.We just had Cafe Reconcile cater our wedding reception. It was a HUGE fit with our out-of-town family and friends. One of our guests, who's a life long New Orleanian, said it was the best Jambalaya he's ever had! 
The staff was professional, prompt, and thoughtful with their service. We were actually shocked at how professional the set up and presentation was done. Not to mention how GREAT the servers and staff are.I went to New Orleans in June 9, 2013.  I am from Dallas, TX.  I found Reconcile during an online search.  I printed out the menu and upon my arrival it was time for lunch.  I went to Reconcile.  They did not have blackened Catfish on the menu.  I orderd blackened catfish w/crawfish sauce, smothered okra and collard greens.  The service was good and the food was Grrrrrrreat!  Will return again.CRAWFISH BISQUE!!!
And an amazing mission. We were strongly recommended to check this place out and spent a day in torrential summer rain trying to find it - We reached 20min after it closed. Not to be deterred we returned the next day, on time, and were so glad we came. The servers were friendly and the food was delicious. Crawfish bisque was the hands-down favorite, followed by fried catfish, mac n cheese, shrimp creole, and the greens. We had a dessert which I've now forgotten, but I'm sure it was good. We had a relaxed, slow meal at this casual place where they let you linger and enjoy the food. 
Just go and taste for yourself :)This place is worth the visit. Everything tastes exactly how you would expect a southern meal in the Big Easy to taste. Expect a standard fare, the meals are simple and reasonably priced. The wait staff is huge, and they look disorganized, but all of them are attentive and will take care of you. 
As others have posted, the restaurant provides a service to help the community. It's one of the opportunities you have as a visitor or local to support New Orleans and their youth.Hello, new favorite lunch place. Great food, great service, GREAT prices... we loved each and every little bit of this fantastic cafe/restaurant. I can't wait to come back!
I expressed to a gentleman how much I loved their balsamic salad dressing, asking if they would sell me some. He said no, but what does he do? Come back with several "to go" containers of it, no charge. THANK YOU!!!This restaurant has a vital mission that is important to support. The food was excellent. I had fried chicken, Mac & Cheese, and bread pudding/Bananas Foster. The dessert was especially memorable.Love this place. Awesome food that sticks to your ribs, nice people, great cause, pretty cheap.This review is so overdue! I loved this restaurant. The service was awesome. I cannot wait to return.Eating good with a purpose. Fun environment for lunch and special occasions. Great work training for New Orleans youth with job placement.Not the best food or service by any stretch of the imagination but you have to go there at least once to support a great cause that is needed big time in a city where we have a lot of at-risk youth. Just don't order the red beans because they are bland with no seasoning meat. Don't get the baked chicken because it may not be cooked all the way through. The special of the day and short order food is probably the safest things to order.Just arrived from NYC and this was our 1st stop. The food was awesome.  I had the smothered chicken w/rice and collard greens. The food network didn't lie.Café Reconcile is a must-visit when in New Orleans! It's an easy walk from the St. Charles streetcar stop at Euterpe. The café has a bright, welcoming ambience and the service is first-rate. Kudos to these young ladies and gentlemen who are learning the culinary trade. The food is a comforting mix of Southern soul and Cajun/Creole, such as smothered chicken, meatloaf, white beans & shrimp, bananas foster bread pudding, and much more. Do yourself a favor...and help at-risk youth develop their future...come to Café Reconcile!Delicious food , all well seasoned. The Bananas Foster Bread Pudding is a must try. Po Boys are served on fresh bread - grilled mixed veggies are very good. The mission of this organization coupled with the good food makes it a must do when in New Orleans.First things first...
Cafe Reconcile New Orleans transforms the lives of young adults (ages 16-24) and the community through the ministry of reconciliation.
We do this by encouraging personal growth, providing workforce development and training, promoting entrepreneurship, working with businesses, nonprofits and people of faith to support this transformation, and building strong communities through community economic development.
This is from their website.  
I believe in this kind of program. Awesome idea. 
That being said....
THE FOOD:  Started with Seafood Gumbo. 
Excellent. Slight peppery flavor, shrimp done nicely, rice perfect, sitting in the middle, not soaked in the gumbo. 
The fried shrimp po-boy with Liedenheimer bread, perfectly dressed (not soaked in mayo). The shrimp breading was light and had good flavor, and very tasty, with a side of fries which were tasty. The only drawback was asking for ketchup and Crystal and after 10 minutes, I had to go to another table and ask to use theirs. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend had jerk chicken which I tried and it was great. Delicious flavor,  sweet, spicy... yum. 
The staff was polite and friendly, and all the other customers seemed to be having a great time. 
Master P. was there with an entourage and was gracious and took pictures with anyone who asked. 
Overall... highly recommended.  
Please go and support this program, and have some great food and meet some good people.Great concept providing restaurant skills to at risk young adults.  The food was good but room for improvement.  We had a crawfish poor boy, seafood platter and chicken tenders.  All were fine but nothing spectacular except the strawberry parfait for dessert.Gorgeous renovation and the food is usually good and downhome. The space has been closed for 6 months (maybe more?) for a thorough renovation. When we went today, my chief problem with the restaurant was still not fixed...you come out smelling like food. I thought the issue was with the ventilation system but maybe they didn't upgrade that. Sometimes it's OK to smell like fried the rest of the day...and then again sometimes it's not.
The servers are all at risk youth so don't expect white glove fancy pants service. But they honestly are trying so that goes along way with me.  Since this was only their 1st or 2nd week back open since the renovation the service was bit disordered but the place was slammed. ICafe Reconcile catered our wedding at Race and Religious last weekend. Not only was their pricing well below the other unaffordable quotes we received, they were very communicative, are a reputable program, and their food is damn good. 
My now husband's family grew up with their grandma's New Orleans cooking, and they were raving about this meal, as were our family and friends from all over.
We took the leftovers home and ate them happily for days.  I'm still thinking about that meal.  Thank you for everything!I enjoyed my first visit to Cafe Reconcile. I ordered the vegetarian pasta and a side of asparagus- delicious. The service was great, and some of the dishes and desserts coming out of the kitchen looked so good. I will be back to try more for sure!Delicious...I want to try everything on the menu.  I haven't had one bad experience.  The po-boys are perfectly made as well as the salads.  
As well as this being an amazing organizations helping young men from disadvantaged backgrounds.  I would recommend it to everyone!Great cause! Food was pretty good, and the watermelon lemonade was delicious. Definitely a place to support of you are in the area!Delightful service and waitstaff, and while the food didn't floor me I still really enjoy most of their traditional southern dishes. Definitely a fan of the fried catfish and jalapeno cornbread. Restaurant is just a cool concept and benefits the city.This is one of my favorite restaurant's in the city. They have great veggie options, and the story is pretty amazing behind the business. The eggplant entree was delicious!I was steered to Cafe Reconcile by an out of town friend who had read about it and wanted to eat there while visiting.
The establishment was clean as a whistle....Bright, spacious and inviting.
We split the Shrimp Remoulade; which was tasty and a perfect appetizer. Next was the seafood gumbo....as good as they get.
My companion had the fried catfish smothered.....She raved about her dish. I had boneless fried chicken, which appeared to be breast strips fried to perfection with a great batter that was not too thick, and not too thin. The sides of collards with pork and string beans were good. If there was any criticism, it would be that the string beans were a little over done and limp. The Bread Pudding got top marks.
The server, Jeff, was great. Wore a smile from ear to ear and you could tell that he was digging his job. He was very attentive and did a good job answering questions.
Place was busy when we arrived and we stayed almost to closing.
I cannot wait for the opportunity to visit again.My friend and I both ordered the smothered chicken with chicken and smoked sausage jambalaya and sautéed vegetables. The chicken was very well seasoned and it was cooked to perfection (melted right off the bone). Both sides were also delicious. The service was quick and friendly. I'm really happy to have found this place with such an amazing mission.There are so many amazing places you hear about in Nola. But this is a true treasure. Anybody that knows me, know that I usually send atleast one thing back when we go out. From the food not being what was written or the flavor just not right. But "babbby" when I tell you I loved everything about this place , from there specials of fried turkey necks (something I had never tried) there were so amazing and something I'll be coming back for. Next on the menu, I wanted everything ( but I started with the gumbo, which was not my granny's but it was damn there close. Soooooo good. Next the jerk chicken with the Mac and cheese and okra with tomatoes, yesssssssss. I was sooooo full and satisfied. Next time im in Nola this a must place to stop at for good hearty food, and it's helping the community and give young adults a better life. I'm alllll for it.The place has delicious New Orleans food, that goes from po boy's to jambalaya at a great price. If this isn't enough to get you inside just think about the fact that you are supporting a group of young New Orleanians get a second opportunity in life. This has the added bonus of having waiters and waitresses that are extremely attentive and arehappy to be serving you.
Lets just say that you leave happy and the fact that the food is great is just a plus.
Support and enjoy.A must visit, the concept is just great.  The service is sometime a little overbearing but it's all in a fantastic cause.Party with a Purpose
My family celebrated this past weekend our TRIFECTA (Xavier graduation,  50th birthday and 25 year wedding anniversary) at Cafe Reconcile and everything was outstanding.  Gretchen was our contact for all the details and we began planning about 8 months out long distance.  She was phenomenal and so easy to work with.  I didn't see the Venue in person until we arrived a few days before the event and it was everything and more.   At our Event, the food was above and beyond our expectations and the service was outstanding.  The space is perfect for an event...parking is ample and the location is easily accessible.   The prices were very reasonable for my budget and the food...do much food!Stumbled upon this Central City neighborhood gem while staying at an AirBnB around the corner. We were delighted to learn about the mission of the cafe and were pleased with the food as well. The wait staff was attentive and friendly, showing lots of pride for the restaurant and the food. A great place to get a good quick lunch and support a great cause!Fried catfish + crawfish sauce; jumbayala + mac n cheese; gumbo; banana foster bread pudding...
I was here for a few days in NOLA, and this place was recommended by a good friend of mine. Fabulous food that is away from the hustle and bustle the touristy areas, 10/10 would recommend. 
I'm going to dream about that fried catfish tomorrow...I have never written a Yelp review in my life, but I had to write about how amazing this place is. Never have I had food that made me nearly cry from pure ecstasy. Everything from the sides to the entrees to the dessert is made with love and tastes just like it came straight from Grandma. The concept of this restaurant, the amazing people that work here, and all of the the food make this an experience in NOLA that you should not miss out on. Highly recommend the eggplant and shrimp Jennifer and the bread pudding. I wish I could give this place 10 stars because they deserve way more than 5.I ordered from Reconcile for catering pick-up for a board meeting. 
We arrived before the cafe opened and were met by WONDERFUL staff. Kind, friendly, attentive, smiley, genuine, professional. They brought the catering to the car and loaded it. I had the pleasure of meeting the catering manager, Kelder, and she was fantastic and extremely helpful through the order and pickup process. 
The guests of the event loved the food. Many came back for seconds, which is very unusual of this group. 
Such a fantastic experience. Can't wait to work with Reconcile again!It's was pretty good the pesto pasta was good the shrimp in it was great . Bread pudding was really good , prices reasonable , didn't leave me feeling like I would need to be back. But glad I tried itFirst of all, it's an awesome, beloved program that is very much worth supporting.
Second of all, it's very easy to support delicious fried catfish.
Third of all, eat the bread pudding.I love this idea, and the food is great. The service is learning but they are trying and its definitely appreciated. I am big supporter of this place! Hope everyone goes there for a meal atleast once.I decided to try this place out today and was quite disappointed.  While I'm down with their mission, the execution was lacking.  I came after the lunch rush at about 1:45.  It was not clear, upon entering, whether to wait to be seated or seat yourself.  I ordered the smothered pork chops, the Tuesday lunch special.  The food was entirely ordinary and the portions were extremely small; I felt like I had received a plate from a high school cafeteria, complete with a "scoop" of mashed potatoes.  The service was scattered and I was served by four different people.  All in all, entirely underwhelming.  I recommend Freret St. Po-Boys and Donuts in the alternative.Always had a great experience there- before and after the storm. Have not had anything bad there except their bisque- it was tomato based! But everything else has been fantastic- catfish, chicken, red beans and rice. All are so yummy! And all for a good cause! What more do u want in a meal?We were greeted nicely upon entering. It is an open
 airy and comfortable feel. The food was fresh. They didn't have one of the specials of the day for appetizers that we ordered. The food was good. They also had a yummy specialty lemonade. We were offered a complimentary dessert. It was tasty but the spice was weak or artificial tasting. The bread pudding itself was tasty.I'm so sad that we didn't get to eat here. We were quoted 15 minutes when we arrived around 12:30. Fifteen minutes came and went and only one of the six parties in front of us had been seated. We had a hungry, antsy toddler and couldn't wait any longer. 
There were at least three tables that were empty the whole time we waited. Shame, I was really excited to eat here.Love this place! Great cause too. I wish they would extend their hours, but we went for lunch recently. The food comes out fairly quickly. I enjoy watching the young staff proudly learn the profession. You may be thinking oh, it's pre made food it won't be as good. Nope, don't do that to yourself. It's good. All of it. Well, everything that I have had. 
You can expect your traditional New Orleans favorite, they have daily specials too. If you read my reviews you know I love sweets. The desert, bread pudding of course. Worth every calorie listed! Get it with the ice cream too, if your taste buds are disappointed I will be shocked!The concept is great.  I went to a similar restaurant concept (helping street kids learn skills) in Cambodia and fell in love with it.  
The food?  Delicious.  And there's a lot of it!
We arrived right before they closed, but they graciously seated us anyway.  Once we sat down, we noticed the place was still PACKED.  It was around 2:15 at this time, so this was not lunch rush.  
Nothing beats southern cooking when you want comfort food.  I had the baked chicken with veggies of the day and corn.  My friend had the smothered chicken.  Again, really really good.  
The only complaint is that the sweet tea was too sweet and I had to dilute it with some unsweet tea.
Oh - and very budget friendly, which is a PLUS.GREAT food!  The best food I've had in New Orleans!  Far better than any of the name restaurants.  I had the chicken, cornbread and sausage jambalaya. The chicken was moist, tasty with a spicy kick. Good cornbread is hard to find but it was flavorful and moist, perfect. Even the cookie was better than most.First time to New Orleans, and I decided to visit a colleague of mine and take her to lunch.  She said that she had heard great things about  Cafe Reconcile,  so we decided to try it out. Walking in, it is simple and clean, and has a decent sized menu.  I ordered the grilled catfish with mac and cheese and crawfish sauce. I was completely floored at how good the food was. I inhaled ever bite. 
Over all great food, great service, and great mission!The Fried catfish with crawfish sauce was excellent.  The dessert special today (Thursday) is the fried oreo with ice cream.  Please visit this place because it supports a great cause and the food is really good.