This place is amazing !  Outstanding service,great ambiance, live music and amazing food.  Turtle soup, salad and crab cakes were outstanding.   I sat next to someone at the bar that said the oysters were to die for!  I am coming back .  This place is a sure thing !  My waitress-was amazing.Awesome atmosphere especially if you are wanting to escape the craziness of Bourbon street. Courtbouilon is amazing the head chief is the owner of the fine establishment.  It is a must go to in New Orleans!!!Enjoyed a good meal. Atmosphere is great if you are in main dining room.  Service was awesome.  We had veal and crab (a little salty for my taste) and courtbouillon (very good).  The chocolate sin cake was tasty but hard to cut with fork.  Our reservation was at 6 on a Friday night.  The band must start at 6:30 because we spent much of our meal listening to the band warm up. Not the best mood setter.  Next time I would call to see what time the band starts and make my reservation after that.First time visiting New Orleans and I went to Cafe Sbisa. It was incredible! Check out what I said about Cafe Sbisa here! https://biteguide.wordpress.com/2017/04/19/the-bite-new-orleans/This place is amazing!!! Live entertainment on a Saturday night. The food is next level good. We honestly needed a good meal and we are soooo glad that we checked yelp and found this place. We started with a house salad and a caesar salad. I know this sounds crazy, but even the salads were great. The bread is great, too. It's a garlic bread, but not too heavy. Everything is homemade from scratch and you can tell. For our entrees we had the bbq shrimp (the bbq sauce is sooo unbelievable) and the chicken (comes with mashed potatoes and spinach and an amazing sauce). 
For dessert we had the homemade ice cream sandwich and the bread pudding. Again, everything is homemade and outstanding. Please visit!Great atmosphere and good food.  Perfect place to sit back, relax, and enjoy a good meal and conversation.  The food didn't disappoint, but also wasn't the best I've had.  Great staff!Still at Sbisa, rainy Jazzfest Sunday. The soft shell crab awesome, ribeye and eggs excellent! The live jazz is great and atmosphere wonderful. Our server Eryl the best, kept the bottomless Mamosas flowing while we are waiting for the rain to ease up. Haven't been here since the remodel and remanagement, Chef Alfred has it definitely going in the right direction. We will make this one of our regular spots!This place was awesome!!!!! Great food and a live jazz band... they played my fav song at request. I had the trout and OMG .Ambiance is fun - great music.  Recommend sitting upstairs so it's not terribly loud.  Food was good - not outstanding - trout Eugene was overcooked - hard fish.  Duck was excellent.  Service was very good.Glad to see this historic building is back. Chef Alfred has everything under control, the food was excellent. Started with a very fresh and yummy wedge salad followed by a bowl Gumbo. When in southern restaurants I like to compare gumbos. After having several on this trip, and a few in New Orleans, this was spot on, rich, creamy and delicious, by far the best so far.
Seeing that they have Turtle Soup also, it was a tough decision which to have. After the gumbo there was no way I was leaving without having the Turtle. Oh my gosh, if you like turtle soup, this is a must, larger pieces of turtle meat and so delicious. 
For the main course, Trout Eugene. Couldn't believe all the types meat, shrimp, crab claws, crawfish, lump crab and then the trout. Cooked perfectly, an incredible meal. Congratulations to Cafe Sbisa, you're back.
Lindsie was a great server, we had a wonderful dinner with tremendous atmosphere.Let me tell you!!!! This place right here AAAAA-MAZING! EVERYTIME EVERYTIME AND I MEAN EVERYTIME I'm in New Orleans I will be at this establishment!! Customer service was amazing. We had 3 waiters not because the weren't busy but because they were working as a team to help us. Polite too. One of the waitresses was family the uncle was the chef. They all knew the menu well and recommend some of the best dishes (check out the pictures) they taste as good as they look. You will want to just eat the bread but don't stop there. My sincere compliments to the chef and the whole staff! So quaint if it wasn't cold that night I would have been on there balcony. Ughhh I can just taste the food now. I'll be back. I can't say not one bad thing about this place your tastebuds will thank you !
Thank you again! This was such a treat coming all the way from San Diego, CA!The food was amazing!! 
Chef/owner greeted us upon arrival. 
No reservation and were seated within 10mins. 2 course meal was shareable. So glad my husband and I shared because it was a lot of food. They plated all of our "shareable" items. Live music was great. Great location in French quarters. Service was amazing everyone was friendly. Bread was mouth watering. Recommend turtle soup and the trout entree. Finger licking good.The food was so so, the service was bad, waitress would disappear .....
Charged us for something we didn't order (they fixed after we pointed it out)My boyfriend and I were in New Orleans for the first time and wanted a "date night ". We saw great reviews for Sbisa and were not disappointed ! We felt treated like royalty with a splash of southern comfort . Worth the price . Food was fresh, prepared to order and presented in a formal way.We went into this restaurant after looking at yelp pictures. If I could give this restaurant 10 stars I would. The service was impeccable, the owner was front and center greeting customers and checking on them personally to make sure their meal was excellent, and our server was so kind and entertaining we both left giving him a hug. Started with a wedge salad and the most amazing crab cakes I have ever had. I had the BBQ shrimp, they were a little messy, but the flavor was savory, hot and delicious. My man had the trout Eugene and the seafood was fresh, the champagne sauce was to die for. Candlelight made this restaurant special for our anniversary, the ambiance and the live music made this place a very classy joint. Thank you so much for not only the food, but the southern hospitality we will never forget.I'm so glad I tried this place! I'm from Texas and I was hesitant to try their BBQ shrimp at first because I wanted to try something that I could only try in New Orleans. But, I'm so glad I ordered it (based on previous reviews from other people). It was full of flavor and had a nice kick to it. We also tried the courtbouillon and it was just as good. Both orders came in a huge plate and it was more than enough to feed 3 people. Aside from the good food, nice ambiance, and live music, our waitress, Stori, was nice and very friendly. The manager, Todd, also kept coming back to our table to check up on us. I usually don't post long reviews on Yelp, nor mention names of the staff, but I enjoyed my dinner here so much, I had to commend them because they deserve it :)So good!  They didn't have our reservation but sat us anyway.  The wine was good...the cocktails were good...turtle soup, gumbo and the entrees were amazing!  Jazz band playing!  Highly recommended commended.What a great place in The French Market. The food was awesome, the service was superb, the prices were reasonable. The staff was very accommodating, they even heard me mention that they could turn off the fans for me and they did. Our waitress was cute as a button and super friendly. We shared three items and they split the salad and waffles for us onto separate plates with no extra charge. We were happy because we were able to try different dishes. The house salad, crab cakes, and sweet potato waffles with fried chicken were all awesome.Service and food were excellent! Our table had the seafood gumbo, bbq shrimp and the trout eugene. The portions were large and the quality of seafood was fantastic. Would highly recommend!Lovely meal in the terrace. The gumbo and fried oysters were delicious. My crab cake was to die for, and my husband's jambalaya pasta was full of flavor. For dessert I chose white chocolate bread pudding, vey nice, and my husband went for the orange zest creme brûlée, and that was exceptional. We will be back!Called Cafe Sbisa to reserve a table on the balcony (and followed up in the confirmation call) but arrived at the restaurant to find it was closed (seems like that's happened to quite a few people based on reviews). The food was good- we got fried oysters, the catch of the day, and the filet. We didn't love the oysters but everything else was good. Overall, a typical fine dining experience.What a disappointing experience! We arrived and were seated on the balcony, which was fine. It took 10 minutes for our server team to greet us and take our water order (we asked for bottled water). Another 10 minutes go by-no water yet. We asked our server again for water. We waited another 10 minutes and nothing. No water, no wine, no one took our food order. We ended up leaving. Very disappointed in the service.Turtle soup and Gumbo of the day were amazing! Had the redfish topped with crawfish tails as a main and was the best dish of the weekend. Our waitress, Stori, was fantastic and had great recommendations. Bill, the manager, took the time to come over and introduce himself, ask how our night was going and explain some of the history of the restaurant too. Would highly recommend to anyone  looking for a great dinner in the French Market.Had a great dinner and the service was fantastic.  If you get the cesar salad add the grilled shrimp. I had the petite filet and my husband had the pork ribeye.Veal & Crab was incredible!  (That should have been all caps).  My wife raved about her filet.  I tried it and thought it was very good but my dish was better.  Turtle soup was good too (but rich and we were glad we shared). Ask for bread as I don't think they bring it otherwise and it's a tender garlic French bread.The best meal I had in New Orleans was at Cafe Sbisa. The service was phenomenal, the ambience was cool and the food was amazing! Shout out to our waitress Ashley who was awesome. She remembered all of our names and I was just blown away by the level of service. I never had service like that. Obviously service doesn't matter if the food doesn't hold up, and I'm still dreaming of the food since I've left NOLA. I started with the gumbo and then had the courtbouillon which was literally the best dish I've ate this year.  I would recommend this dish a million times. I also had my first mint julep which was real good. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!We walked in without reservations, the Chef/Owner moved some stuff around to accommodate us. Great service and the food was just excellent!Reminded me of the decades-old "family restaurants" that I grew up seeing in India- that I realized later were likely modeled according to colonial expectations of fine dining- rich hues on carpets, paintings, semi-dull chandelier lighting, murals and mural-sized paintings... Sbisa is a large restaurant, in an old, old building, and the food is really good. My boyfriend polished off the duck he got and I barely got a taste- so someone clearly loved it! The sausage and chicken gumbo was nice and warm. The $30 Trout dish is basically a massive helping of seafood- trout and gulf shrimp and crawfish and crab- grilled perfectly and topped with a champagne cream sauce, with rice and large asparagus. Their rice was perfect, really perfect! I like my asparagus to have a slight crunch, so I found this to be overdone. Since only one of us has a shrimp allergy, I asked our server to give us the gulf shrimp on the side, but he kept saying they couldn't, and would not explain why.We visited for a group dinner. Across the board, everyone was pleased. 
Ambience: romantic, it is one of the oldest establishments in NOLA (it shows, but is charming). We sat on the 2nd floor which features a great view of the large painting and a bit more privacy.
Food: the warm garlic bread was to die for. The appetizers were incredible (crab cakes and fried green tomatoes were A+). The entrees were all great and hefty portions (we all had leftovers). Favorite entrees of the group were: 1) the lamb (so good I took it back on the plane home); 2) the fish covered in crab (a signature item).
Cocktails: all great, you can't go wrong.
Service: wonderful waitstaff. 
Overall: would definitely return and would recommend. Compliments to the chef!The food and service here were even better than expected. My husband and I came for his 30th birthday and first night in Nola. We started with the BBQ shrimp, which we made our appetizer and our server split into two plates - amazing is an understatement. I've been to New Orleans twice before, but this was the best I've ever had. From there, the server recommended the lamb, which my husband got, and I got the courtbuillion. Both were outstanding and great portions for the price. At the end of the night, we met the owner and chef, who was both gracious and welcoming. 5 stars across the board!Great food and friendly service. We ended up getting there half an hour earlier than our reservation time and got a table right away. I had the rack of lamb and it is the best lamb dish I have ever had. I highly recommend this restaurant.You've googled and googled and found many list of restaurants in New Orleans, most of which will have long waits. Give Cafe Sbisa a shot, ofcourse reservations are better, but we walked in and were able to be seated in 15 minutes or instantly at the small bar. We opted for the bar. With two talented musicians playing some soft jazz music, Sbisa is a nice spot in between Frenchman and the French Quarters. The restaurant has an upscale feel, but you dont need to be overdressed. The prime pork ribeye was very flavorful and cooked perfectly in a delicious sauce. You'll need some more of that garlic bread to soak up all the sauce. Your search ends here, just do it ;)Fantastic, classic southern service from when you walk in the door. I had the gumbo and the jumbo shrimp. Fantastic, exactly what I would expect from a New Orleans restaurant. Small space with great ambiance. Highly recommend for a fancy dinner out for classic Cajun and southern food.OH MY GOODNESS! almost went back twice in 3 days because of the food, staff, drinks and atmosphere. Walked in without a reservation and
Were greatly accommodated. Our bartender made us fabulous drinks and went above and beyond to help us learn the NOLA fancy alcohol culture! Ashley was an amazing waitress and she made our meal extra special. I would have slapped a baby seal if I got to eat arhat prosciutto melon salad again! Thank you for making our evening wonderful!We read a review on this place and decided to try it out! It did not disappoint! Small and Nostalgic! Very personable service! Everyone was courteous and very hospitable! Our server was knowledgeable and made great recommendations! The management is a great support to their staff! We were constantly being checked on and pre-bussing was on point! Nobody wants to seat with dirty dishes in front of them, as I sure don't! This guys know how to help each other out by making sure as they pass by to clear items! The food was delicious and just the right amount! So fresh! The best pan seared oysters I've tried! And they gave us a complimentary dessert as we are celebrating our anniversary! Which added to the touch of being personable!Delicious food and great atmosphere!!
I would recommend getting a reservation, we walked in at dinner time on a whim and got lucky to be seated but it gets full.
Also the velvet cheesecake can feed 2 lolExcellent service, quality live music, delicious food, and a romantic environment. Perfect place for a date!This place was wonderful!  Very friendly staff!  Scrumptious food! I recommend the seafood boil. We celebrated my friends 40th birthday here on a foggy night in NOLA and it made sitting on the balcony fantastic. While there we got to see a proposal!  Wonderful night!  We'll be going back soon!!!Oh, yea, it's back.  The ambience is just right. The staff is top notch. 
The drinks and food were awesome. 
Martinis, oysters Sbisa, turtle soup, trout Eugene and veal and crab. 
I have to say the veal and crab was a tad better than Irene's veal. That crab meat puts it on top. 
Planning on doing a happy hour and a brunch real soon!!!
Ahhhh, life is good and so is the New Orleans food.A M A Z I N G, the richness of the crab cakes to die for and the desserts even better. A wonderful intimate ambience in The French Quarter. Compliments to the Chef and owner.This is my third night in New Orleans and I wanted to have an authentic experience but still wanted fine dining . I should of listened to the most recent post by Angie . The food was mediocre . I came there for the ambience and sit outside on the balcony. The greeter told me it was closed which sucks that was the main reason for this selection . I had the crab cake as an appetizer it was ehhhh , then I decided I need to wash it down with the ginger mint julip . It was gross and what's  up with the paper straws ? I could barely sip anything out of it . Toss the straws aside or is there a significance ? for the main entree I ordered the petite filet . It was okay . I left early . It was an okay place but it you're on a budget don't even bother .Mark the bartender and Greg our server really made our experience here! All the staff was so nice and accommodating and we loved the jazz brunch. Food was great, not the best we had in NOLA but still really good. Get the oysters!Had the most amazing meal here. The service was great with each waiter in the restaurant interactive with all the guests. The deserts were amazing. Bread pudding and banana pudding. Out of this world. I had the waffle with chicken.This restaurant is amazing. The food we had was delicious. We started with Turtle Soup and Gumbo then our entrees were Citrus & Herb Roasted Chicken, Crab & Veal, Courtbouillon, and the Prime Pork Ribeye which was out of this world. The ambiance was fantastic, they even had live music. This restaurant is a mustTime to dust off the ole yelp app and give this place a 5'er. Decor, food, and drinks were all great. I know some folks are apprehensive spending a lot on dinner, but you absolutely get your money's worth here. The courtbullion, fried oysters, pork ribeye, and lamb were all outstanding. Avoid the tourist traps and treat yo'self.I got the red snapper and it was to die for. It was cooked perfect. My boyfriend and I shared the gumbo soup for starters and it was also perfect. The servers were polite and explained the menu in detail.Best crab cake and turtle soup. Very warm service with nice ambience and live jazz. Unforgettable dining experience!Bottomless mimosas, pasta jambalaya, cheesy biscuits, and a kick ass waitress named Stori. Every bit of it was phenomenal!Food was fabulous !!! The atmosphere and entertainment were great as well! The staff were professional but made you feel like family at the same time. A must if you ever visit New Orleans! You won't be disappointed!    GailnJack NJI'm not wholly sure where to begin...was it the host's responsiveness to my ever-changing reservation date, time and party size?
Maybe it Was it the cold cocktails crafted with love by Jessica who also recommended our final party location on Frenchman which was so nice we did it twice?
Perhaps it was Gregory (aka Gregoir) who's impeccable service was a miracle considering how rowdy my lady friends and I can get?
Could it have been Chef Alfred's table side manner which was the functional equivalent of #foodporn?
I have no doubt some in my group would charge the pleasure to the amazing meal we had, from turtle soup to crab dip to soft shell crab to veal and let's not forget seafood courtbullion, all cooked to perfection!
Whichever you jam hardest on -- quality service, genuine hospitality or outstanding food, you WILL find it here at Cafe Sbisa!Was skeptical with all the excellent reviews.  This place definitely held up to their excellent reputation.  We went for Sunday brunch and every dish we had was fantastic.  We started with the crab cakes that were packed with fresh blue crab.  It had the perfect amount of bread if and crisp.  The shrimp and grits,  eggs Benedict and grillades and grits were also big hits at the table.  
Besides the food being out of this world.  The service and ambience was first class.  Smooth jazz in the background and an attentive waitress named Stori.  On top of that the owner and chef came to our table and greeted my family.  We couldn't have had an overall better experience at any restaurant in town.  Highly recommend.Perfect way to end our honeymoon! We sat on the balcony and were able to hear the live music across the street. We ordered the Oysters Sbisa, Tomato Mozzarella Salad, Trout Eugene and the sorbet to split. It was the perfect amount of food. Everything from the ambiance to the service was phenomenal. I highly recommend this place. It was the best place we ate!This is an excellent dining establishment in the French quarter. We were seated on the second floor, which opens in the center to the dining room below.
The service here is beyond impeccable. The servers were perfectly coordinated and choreographed when setting out food on the table--I was totally impressed! I had stepped away to use he restroom when the appetizers had come out. The servers waited until I got back to my seat before setting down the food. Other restaurants would have typically just placed the food on the table whether the guest was there or not.
The food was also very amazing. I had the gumbo (excellent) and the Trout Eugene (filet of trout with a seafood mixture topping and butter sauce). We also had dessert and coffee afterwards.
Ambiance was really cozy and warm. A jazz band played downstairs. The trumpist came upstairs to play happy birthday to a table in the back of the second floor.
Definitely worth 5+ stars!!OMGGGGG! The turtle soup was delicious, I'd have that as my last meal (add sherry), I had the BBQ  shrimp and you know what my taste buds are thumping right now, I had two cocktails and my boyfriend had a salad and beer, we also had oysters, didn't even spend $150 including tip!! Every waiter/waitress in the house was very attentive and helpful to everyone, the owner was there engaged also. It's a very romantic space, Harlem nights theme is what I call it! Will be back!We had a fabulous dinner!  The portions were huge and generous. Great service and ambience. We had the Trout Eugene and the court bouillon and both were fabulous. As a native of Southeast Louisiana, I am not easily impressed, and I highly recommend this restaurant.Amazing creole food! I spent a week in New Orleans and this was the best meal. The gumbo was significantly better than gumbo anywhere else- every aspect was so fresh especially the rice. As a main I had trout in a cream sauce with lump crab and asparagus. It was delicate and extremely flavorful. The staff was very professional and attentive. We walked in without a reservation and they squeezed us in with the understanding that we had to be out for the next dinner reservation. The service was prompt so that was not an issue. If you are in the area this restaurant is a must!I'm typically not a 5 star guy, but this experience was pretty darn perfect. Sunday Jazz Brunch at Cafe Sbisa. The place was really busy, but it didn't feel like it.  We had reservations. Were seated immediately and  the service was professional , informative, and fun. Thank you CeCe and Angelique! Crab cake benedict was delicious, and the oyster Po Boy was well presented and tasty. Cajun slaw with blue cheese crumbles served on the Po Boy was an unexpected treat. Jazz combo was really good. The experience was so delightful we are considering going back for dinner while we are in town.I WANT TO MARRY MY WIFE ALL OVER AGAIN, just so we can hire Chef Alfred Singleton and his kitchen staff to cater the reception.
We were BLOWN AWAY by the food - it's THAT good.
Shrimp & grits were phenomenal - among the best I've ever had. 
Turtle soup was classic and delicious.
The Cafe Sbisa Oysters were among the most delicious things I've ever eaten, ever.  It's a deconstructed Oysters Rockefeller - a shelled, breaded fried oyster topped with creamed spinach and other deliciousness.  I'm craving more as I write this.
Service was friendly. The dining room is beautiful. The bar is wonderful.
We came for the jazz brunch. The music was great and the acoustics in the old dining room are really good.
For the quality of the food, we thought prices were very fair.  That's not something I say often in a high-end NOLA restaurant.
There's only one restaurant in New Orleans for which we cannot imagine ever coming to town and not visiting - Commander's Palace.
Now we have two...  Cafe Sbisa is THAT good.Hadn't been to Sbisa since the 80's, so returning was a treat. We ordered the gumbo, fried oyster appetizer and the crab cakes. All were delicious. We are locals ,and are fortunate to have so many fabulous restaurants to choose from, on a daily basis. Stay away from the tourist traps, and take a tip from a locals.
The service , the decor, and the food, are all great reasons to go back again.Kind of a spur of the we are hungry pick a place quick stop. Well it was beyond worth the stop. 
First you walk in and you are greeted warmly and just so happened we met the owner and chef at the door. They seat you and place your napkin and immediately greeted by your waiter. Very knowledgeable and friendly.  
They had a couple specials and outlined that days gumbo which was seafood. We decided on the bbq shrimp,  gumbo, crab cakes and a seafood dish which i had never heard of.   The gumbo was served table side and was the best and most unique I have had. The crab cakes were also amazing with large chunks of crab. 
So after the appetizers the chef came to our table to ask how we were doing which was great. 
So now the bbq shrimp....I am currently drooling thinking about it. Full head on shrimp savory sauce and a large chunk of amazing bread. This plate is huge!!!! My wife and I shared the plate and need to a power washer when were done it was so messy. But don't worry everyone is digging just like you. By far the best dish I have had in a long time. 
So the second dish...seafood chowder?...was also amazing. Tons of seafood in a rich sauce with rice. Honestly this was also amazing. 
So unfortunately we were too full for dessert but we were happy. As we left we were thanked by the chef.  
Top notch places and will be tell everyone to try it out. Put it on your list!!!As good as we have had in not only Nawlins, but anywhere.  Food and service were second to none. From the crab topped fried green tomatoes to the delicious bbq shrimp and blackened redfish the food was amazing. 
Great staff who all loved what they were doing.  The atmosphere is beautifully classic.  Dress as you please. Put this on your fine dining itinerary in NawlinsI am on an annual road trip with 2 longtime friends and we have eaten our way across the country in the last 25 years and this counts in the top 2 meals we have ever had. Fine food , great service and a warm and welcoming atmosphere. This is a must stop for all visitors to NOLA who want a truly memorable dinning experience.Terrific resturant. Service fantastic. Food fantastic. Did not disappoint. This was my second time there. Equally good both times.Excellent food! Great ambiance and wonderful waiters, hosts! Highly recommend eating here when you are looking for an authentic New Orleans' meal in the French Quarter.Came here a few months back for a NOLA bachelors party trip. Our first option for dinner was unable to accommodate our large group so we quickly scrambled onto yelp to find a plan B; there we found this gem. The place was about half full when we got there so the host was able to seat our group of 9 pretty quickly. The service was on point, and the food was great. We all ordered different items so were able to try each others dishes (As many yelpers suggested, I ordered the BBQ shrimp). Nobody in group was disappointed in their food. Given that it was a bachelors party, our group was rather loud and rowdy, but that was no issue for the staff, as the head chef/owner even had a round with us to celebrate! Will definitely go back here on my next trip to New Orleans.Made a reservation for the jazz brunch for 10:30 on Sunday. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated right away.  Story was our server and was excellent.  I ordered the chicken and sweet potato waffles. They were amazing and such a huge portion I could not eat it all. Husband had the crabcakes with poached eggs and hollandaise.  It also was amazing. The restaurant,  service and food were all worthy of 5 stars. The only thing we were disappointed about was the live jazz didn't start until 11. Since we got there for a 10 30 reservation,  we already were eating before the live music started.  But I highly recommend eating at this beautiful restaurant.Service was excellent, food was good but a little underwhelming if you've never had Louisiana food and you're trying it for the first time. It wouldn't be our first choice for an introduction.Great restaurant the staff, food, ambience was such as good vibe and refreshing to see within the quarters. The chef was gracious enough to meet with the customers. The live band gave the place a good vibe and energy with all the guest partaking in the atmosphere!!!A fantastic place to listen to soothing classic jazz, enjoy your favorite cocktail and food.  Right across from market cafe on Decatur.  Highly recommend!  Glad we heard the music on Sunday afternoon and came in!Absolutely Great food. The pain Perdue is fabulous!!
Kevin is a great waiter. 
Not sure how many words I need to enter a review.We made a reservation to dine at Cafe Sbisa to celebrate my mom's birthday on our first night in NOLA. The experience was just ok until we got our food (which took a while considering the restaurant was pretty empty and there was a large group of spectators in the kitchen area)! Everything was great. I had the Trout Eugene, it was amazing but was a hint away from being overpowered by the seasoning. I needed lots of water! Everyone else enjoyed their meals, however I felt the BBQ shrimp should have come with something else  as an entree for $24. I was a little disappointed that there was no cheddar jalapeño biscuits (as seen in other reviews) for use to eat while we waited. I asked for bread and we were brought buttered slices of French bread (they tried, I guess). The drinks were nothing special.Fabulous food and service! Thank you for a wonderful date night with my fiancé. It was very memorable.Sunday Brunch Review: 
The short- My brunch was meh... I wouldn't come back. Jazz music is nice, wait staff are all very nice, but food leaves little to be desired. 
The longer- we came for an 11:15 am Sunday brunch. I made the reservation on open table. This spot is in a very touristy area near the French market. We were seated in the mezzanine area & the air conditioning was BLOWING. I had to wear my coat. We shared a caesar salad to start. It was good, but nothing special. We also considered the $15 unlimited mimosas (my kinda dealllll), but decided to go for the unsweetened iced teas. 
I ordered the crab cakes and poached eggs with hollandaise on the side. My eggs were cold and over cooked. The crab cake was mushy. My boyfriend ordered the crawfish & andouille omelette & it was loaded with shredded cheese.
Pretty disappointing meal, overall... and our waiter was good but the service was SO slow. I have had way better meals in NOLA and wouldn't come back here.A really authentic New Orleans experience.  The building has an incredibly fascinating history.  I overheard one of the owners telling a table about the history, the story was intriguing.  The food is a great throwback to traditional recipes, updated for today's pallet.  I will definitely return to Cafe Sbisa when I return to NOLA.Beautiful atmosphere with True New Orleans charm . The service complimented the cuisine. Creole cuisine at its finest. The live jazz was was the perfect pairing with the meal.It was my first time in New Orleans and I was anxious to try some good Cajun cuisine. Café Sbisa was everything you can wish for in a dining experience and more! From the wonderful host and hostess who kindly accommodated us in between reservation times (we arrived as a walk in on a busy night!), to the amazing musicians enhancing the ambiance with smooth jazz, to our friendly and knowledgeable waiter and of course, the chef! Food was off the charts!! And if you are as big of a seafood lover as I am, the Courtbouillon is a must try!!This place is a gem!!This was easily one of my favorite finds being in New Orleans! The oyster Sbisa is an amazing dish that is very thoughtfully constructed. The tomato salad was lite and fresh. We came after a very long weekend and enjoyed nothing short of a perfect experience. The service is comfortable, but beautiful arranged to make you feel catered to. I will be back next time I'm in the city and I am looking forward to it! Thank y'all for a great last meal in a true New Orleans restaurant!After checking reviews and with no advise from friends we gave Sbisa a try. Had to call to add people to the reservation and the person on the phone was so friendly and accommodating that I thought we might be in for a nice evening. The place is beautiful white table cloth style. Wine list was simple but complete with nice variety and fair prices. Our waiter Gregory really made our visit work. He let us know the kitchen will concoct what ever we could dream up. Sea food is fresh daily and he had complete knowledge of the menu. My picky eater wife asked a lot of questions of Greg and while she looked at the menu Greg came back to our table with an idea that she might like a seafood augratin not on the menu but he knew the chief could create. He nailed it for her as it was excellent. I had the coubiant (sp) which is a seafood stew that I often have but this was not watered down but full of fresh flavors and just knocked me out. We started with a caesar salad with fried oysters that was bursting with subtle flavors of the classic dressing and oysters with fresh romain. Through it all Gregory knew when to step back but made sure he was in my line of sight for anything we might need. All I can say is a rarely go back to the same place on a visit to New Orleans but 2 nights later we returned with friends and the experience was repeated.probably the best meal I've had in New Orleans. The veal and crab was spectacular. Can't wait to get back here againThis was one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in NOLA.
First of all, the ambience. You can have a nice lunch with friends or your SO while listening to live jazz.
Wait staff were all fantastic, checking in on us, refilling our water, etc.
Now, the food. WOW! We ordered the jambalaya and the waffles + fried chicken.  They serve the BEST jambalaya in NOLA and, maybe, even the US. The flavors all came together and felt so much happiness swallowing my bite. 15/10 stars!!!
The waffles + fried chicken was pretty good too, but I've had better elsewhere.
Im sitting here drooling thinking about the jambalaya still