I made my Yelp account for the soul purpose of reviewing this place; I think that very much speaks to how I enjoyed the experience. It's exactly what you would expect from a local cafe/coffee shop and then some. The food and coffee were great and the atmosphere was very friendly and casual. The architecture of the dining room was very cool as well - it had a very Victorian feel, which I personally love. The service was a bit slow, but the barista was the only person working behind the counter and she was also very personable, so for that we can forgive her. When I go to a coffee shop I usually go to stay and relax, often reading or sketching. It is the perfect place for that, with both indoor and outdoor tables, a booth, and a counter. I also appreciated the dog-friendly policy but that's definitely a personal preference and isn't right for everyone. The location is also great, being situated in the French quarter. My only complaint is that I could only visit once on my trip to New Orleans.Had a great breakfast here last weekend before we headed out. You order at the front and they will bring the food out. I had the French toast (fruit on the side)  with an a la carte fried egg on the side. They dropped my egg when they got to the table but promptly brought out another one. I also had a vanilla latte which was yummy....no extra sweeteners needed. 
We sat outside on the patio which was just lovely. Even if you sat inside, like other restaurants in the French quarter, every door and windows are open, so fresh breezes flow throughout. Really nice experience.This is another one of those anytime coffee shops. You can come get some work done, people watch, or just grab a drink to go. Either way, its open early and late.
For the quarter, its "off the beaten path" but in the busy area the locals hang out, and on the way to Fenchmen where everyone goes for good local music, Jazz, et al. 
They have food, not the cheapest, or local, but its better for you than the greasy, salty, fatty foods. Just make sure your service number is visible I got distracted hid my number, and had to stop the guy looking.  
Service varies. Since its a busy sidewalk, people stop in for that pick me up before work or party. One minute there is a like 12 long, and the barista is running ragged, the next its dead. 
Sometimes I'll sit for over an hour working or catching up on email. I'll order something every so often, and its no big deal for me to queue myself if they get busy. After all it helps those stopping in for a quick drink.
p.s. I love there tall cookies
oh and how many coffee shops can you get a shot in your coffee! That's right, its not a bar, but its New Orleans.comfy place with good egg sandwiches and really amusing bathroom graffitiIced Irish cream coffee was exactly what I needed. Free wifi, chilled place. Outdoor seating. Not freezing cold like other cafes around.The service was not bad, it did however have a line that went out the door. I suggest going here for your morning coffee and cookie fix.Around the street from our hotel this place was great for morning coffee and a pastry.
Just had hot tea and a blueberry muffin.  Looks like there's a local crowd that adds to the atmosphere.  Very nice place.Place is on the edge of the French Quarter in more ways than one. But the coffee was good and a cool coffee shop.Awesome for dine in or take out....groovy staff. We like to sit outside and listen to the jazz and people watch. We love it here.The shepherd omelette was amazing!! Goat cheese, red peppers and portabella mushrooms were so good.  It came with a side of hash browns and a biscuit. They also have the best iced coffee ever.Competent simple egg dishes, croissants and paninis.  The chef knows what she is doing.  Service is appropriately indifferent for an artsy cafe.  Great music on the sound system.  I'd visit again for a quick bite next time I'm in New Orleans.Looking at the photos of this place makes me homesick and I am not even from New Orleans! that's how much I miss going here...Sigh..... Great coffee. And who in the shit decided to combine coffee and liquor in a cool hipster coffeeshop ????? Come here let me give u a kiss!  Nice atmosphere friendly staff. Awesome white russions and angry irishman coffee...... Must stop by here if you go to NOLA..Clearly a local joint which was nice. Good service and decent food. Eggs where good, best bacon we have had in new Orleans, spice hash browns if you are into those things then you'd like them. My bagel toasted but served cold. Still the lox were good and the service was quick.Pull up a chair, it's time for grandpappy Jake to talk about his life.
When I moved down here, I didn't have internet. Envie has free internet. I stayed at envie and used their internet. A lot. I would sit in here for hours regularly ordering drinks so no one felt the need to kick me out. Sometimes other people bought me drinks. It was very nice. 
LATER
I was host/participant (we're a horizontally organized group) to a board/card game night weekly at da 'e' where myself and whomever was suckered into attending would play games and talk really loudly about inappropriate things (seriously, it's gotten pretty bad) on the spacious couch. The baristas never once complained or even looked askance, even if we're not exactly drowning in beverages. 
I still go pretty regularly, even though their coffee makes me wildly unfocused and feel like I have latent parkinsons (and here I thought I'd developed a tolerance for caffeine. Nope, one medium dark roast and I'm buzzing for hours). I  usually enjoy their other drink options. 
Thing of note: their coke nozzle thing puts too much syrup in, or at least did when I sometimes got coke, so the coke is extra sweet and coke-y. They don't have grenadine (or didn't when I asked) but the barista totally just poured in some maraschino cherry syrup when I asked for a shirley temple. Also they put cherries in those. Needless to say, delicious. Also: not all of the baristas are experienced at making cocktails (because they are not bartenders), so sometimes you get a pretty good deal out of asking for a rum and coke. Also: peppermint schnapps and hot cocoa is amazing, as are most of their specialty drinks. 
Their pastries are fair-to-middlin' and I won't touch $9 paninis because I don't respect paninis and $9 is too much for that kind of nonsense anyway. But really, who goes to a coffee shop for food? Seriously.
Oh and what's great is that the same people come here every week, so you get a real sense of belonging over time.Cute coffee shop with lots of room and space. Free wi-fi. Cheesecake was great. They had specialty alcoholic coffee drinks for $5. I didn't think mine was that great but I suppose it's more of a novelty drink.Every time I get coffee for work in New Orleans I go here. I absolutely love their staff and the drinks here. Also, their food is pretty damn good. The only downfall is the gutter punks that infiltrate the area sometimes. Good news is they're usually shooed away by staff or surrounding locals; if they try to bum off you cuss them out and get back to your delicious coffee.Probably the best White Russian I've ever had in my life and it was only $5.50.  Staff was super friendly and the location was conveniently close to the crazy bar scene, but also hidden in a little nook of chill and rechargeVery relaxed and chill atmosphere, great food/drinks! Friendly staff and clean. Menu offers a nice variety of options for allWe came here for breakfast. Loved the menu options. Also, the atmosphere was perfect with options to sit indoors or outdoors. I got the veggie wrap and my husband got the spinach and feta wrap. They were both absolutely fabulous. The hot pecan coffee was great. We even came back later and got an iced pecan coffee, which was just as good. We will visit here again.Great service, yummy lattes, very good espresso and almond milk! Didn't have any food but the drinks were great and the atmosphere is cozy and cool. This is your place for an Irish coffee or some other boozy caffeinated bev too!Envie is a great spot for people-watching or reading. The baristas are friendly and good at making espresso.  I haven't had much of the food, but what I have had has been good.Got here as they were getting ready to close down - needed a caffeine pick me up before the long walk back to the hotel. The orchata cappuccino did not disappoint. Pricy, but tasty.Awesome experience as our first meal after arriving in New Orleans. Lady up front was great and extremely polite. Food was cooked well and the cook even came and asked us how we liked it when we finished. 
Extremely pleased with our experience and look forward to New Orleans if this continues.Great food and awesome drinks!  The breakfast sandwich was great - and HUGE!  Bacon and biscuits were yummy.  Iced mochas were really good  - should have gotten the large sizes they were so good!A lovely little space that offers a big, delicious breakfast......I had eggs with ham and asparagus, all incorporated into this delicious omelet, accompanied with great hash browns and a butter biscuit.  A total gourmet delight!   And the coffee was good too.  Everything was reasonably priced and abundant.  Just watch out for the biscuits  and gravy and fried potatoes.  Share this one.They do the coffee/tea right, the location is great and you have to like an open-air cafe that is low pressure. This place has the hipster vibe to it, with the laid back but friendly staff and a very chill environment compared to the vortex that is the French Market that lies just a block away.Good croissant, brie, egg sandwich!  Nice lattes, delicious hash browns (almost like a potato latkes).  We enjoyed the tables outside on the sidewalk.  I appreciated the accessible bathroom, but it needed a good scrubbingDelicious coffee and breakfast!   The shredded hashbrowns were a standout, nice and spicy!The small rainbow sticker drew us inside. Always glad to see GLBT friendly businesses. 
This place has a warm atmosphere that's very local-centric (and dog friendly) and welcoming to NOLA visitors.  The veggie wrap, breakfast sandwich and grits were all OUTSTANDING and hot. My wife can't have caffeine, so a truly superb decaf beverage is gold when done right. She said her decaf vanilla soy latte is the best one she's ever had anywhere. 
Also, this is New Orleans, the city that never stops drinking - without apology. Do yourself a favor and indulge in a double fireball mocha. A+++Great coffee spot. They have a large selection of coffee, teas, and coffee and alcohol drinks. I just got the iced latte and it satisfied my coffee craving.I can't vouch for the coffee, but we had some nice peppermint iced teas here.
The space is beautiful, clean and bright. Sitting in there feels like a world away from the tourist traps in the French Quarter.Was looking for a good place for breakfast that wasn't full of frat boy wannabes and found cafe EnVie. Great environment with friendly staff. 
Great cappuccino in a relaxed atmosphere. Had the eggs EnVie with brie, just happy food. If I lived in the area I could see this place being my local haunt. I'm definitely going back next time I'm in new Orleans.I'm giving Envie a four star for a lot of reasons, but most of all I think it's for the sentimental factor.  I'm pretty sure this is the first cafe that my husband and I visited after moving here and I was so excited about moving it makes me remember that time every time I'm in there.
Great things about Envie
1. it's on decatur where most of my favorite things are
2. it's always fun to people watch here
3. they are open fairly late compared to a lot of places (midnight)
4. their coffee is pretty good
5. they offer alcoholic coffee drinks (also pretty good)
6. the food is good, I really like the sandwiches
Not so great but okay
1. it can be really noisy since right on decatur
2. sometimes it's really crowded
3. sometimes it's hard to get the barista's attention
This place is pretty awesome try it out for lunch or try it for late night you'll have a good time.  :)The expresso macchiato was tasty! The regular expresso was a little bitter. Not a big snack selection, but it was evening, so maybe they have more earlier in the day. Service was nice. Atmosphere was quiet.I will be the first to admit that rating this place so highly is heavily influenced by my nostalgia for this place. That said, this place is still amazing, and you owe it to yourself to check it out. 
This is the place that first kindled my love of coffee, back in my college days. During grad school, I would come here just about every day to work on my papers, or to just decompress with a nice drink and a hot meal, while chatting with the wonderful, friendly staff. I can't recommend the southern pecan flavor enough, especially if you're visiting from out of town. 
The food is equally good, with sandwiches and burgers that are wonderful to eat (especially the Gouda burger). But, like everyone else ere, their true culinary crowning achievement is the breakfast in a go cup. Bacon, sausage, gravy, hash browns, and grits - all you need to add to it is some pepper and hot sauce and you e got yourself a great start to your day, whether that's bright and early or mid-afternoon. 
After a recent trip back home, I specifically made it a plan to visit here again, and I'm happy to say that they are still my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. Possibly ever.Great food at a fair price. If your in a hurry, go to a fast food joint. If not this is the place to go. Simple creative menu and a great staff.It definitely gets crowded, but NOLA is a destination. There's nothing we can do about it. But I love the window seats. Gets the breeze and you can people watch while seeping your coffee and eat your croissant.This was the best coffee around the French Quarter that I could find.  A nice place to sit to take a break from the crowds.My mother-in-laws favorite coffee shop in New Orleans so we had to stop by! Very impressed. I got an Italian soda with lavender + vanilla (yum!) with a splash of cream and a cold brew coffee on tap. Both were delicious! My husband got a medium roast with 2 shots of espresso (his favorite) and we both were very happy with both the service and the quality of their drinks! Everyone is super friendly and talkative which is a perk to me because when I try new places I hate to be rushed or pressured. They let me taste the cold brew and explained the different flavors in their brewed roasts. We loved it and we stopped by before we hit the road back to Dallas. Thanks Envie we will be back!We loved Envie! We ate breakfast here two out of the three mornings we were in town. 
The breakfast was unbeatable for a little cafe. Delicious and reasonably priced. Breakfast in a cup was my favorite!! The omelets and breakfast sandwich are pretty good too. We loved the open air space and the friendliness of the staff. Oh and not to be forgotten, the coffee was pretty tasty too! 
We will definitely be back on our next visit!Surprisingly, Cafe Envie was one of the best meals I had while in New Orleans. Cheap, hearty, and delicious, my egg, biscuit, sausage, and hashbrown breakfast was mind-blowingly good.
Biscuit was buttery, hashbrowns were salty and scrumptious, and the eggs were scrambled to perfection. Cut the biscuit in half and turn it into a breakfast sandwich!
Oh and the cafe itself is quite cute and spacious with tons of tables outside and indoors overlooking the street. Order your food at the counter and have it delivered to your table within 5-10 mins
I was only just there yesterday and am already craving this breakfast. BADLY. I may be returning to New Orleans just to have this breakfast again..
Thank you for making all my southern breakfast dreams come true, Cafe Envie.Came here the morning of St. Patrick's Day, and the barista was pretty festive. 
Apparently his celebration had started at midnight. Liked the old building and all the open
windows (or doors? Can't remember which.). Food was simple but good, and most
of the people in the cafe seemed like locals so a big thumbs-up for that.Cafe Envie was an amazing cafe to visit while in NOLA. The espresso my sister got and the warm coffee I got was amazing!
The food selections were amazing ! 
Thank you Cafe Envie!As an out-of-towner who masquerades as a stodgy professional but secretly (even not-so-secretly) loves going to metal and indie rock shows, I was very happy when the tour bus made its "French Market" stop just across the street from Envie.  I was all like "Yay!  A real coffeehouse!"  Not that I don't love the cafe au lait at the Cafe Du Monde, it's just that those people who some jackass referred to as "gutter punks" (and their indoor counterparts, old activist hippies with ponytails reading free papers and writing in notebooks) are to me the signs of a GOOD LOCAL COFFEEHOUSE, a sight for my sore tourist-infested eyes.  
The counter girl was very cute and very nice and I immediately ordered a vegetarian panini (I'm not vegetarian, I just like veggie sammitches) and two of the huge cookies that weigh like a pound a piece.  They turned out to be underdone on the inside so if you like raw cookie dough you will love those.  My biggest problem with Envie was choosing an iced tea.  I was curious about the Blue Eyes but they also had my favorite, peach, so I went with that.  I may find myself walking 12 blocks back up there tomorrow morning at 8 am to try the Blue Eyes.  
Did I mention that it's in a gorgeous old bar with comfy booths, a beautifully tiled floor, big windows open to the outside, and My Morning Jacket was playing full blast?  And I didn't see one single person with their face in their laptop.  (Not that I would have minded, I have my face in my laptop enough.)  
No hataz here.  I like Envie.  Already recommended it to two of my friends who are visiting soon, because if I don't, it's highly likely they won't make it all the way past the French Market and Decatur to discover that it exists. So there ya go.The coffee was wonderful, as were the scones and croissant. Then we got the prosciutto and asparagus omelet..... words cannot express how yummy it was! The hash browns were hands down the best I've ever had. It's a must if you're in NOLA.Pricey but good! Two of us had breakfast here for $26. I got a coffee (nice big serving) and lox plate, and he got an OJ and a veggie wrap. Everything was tasty. The service here was quick and friendly. It would make 5 stars if the prices were a little lower but it was awesome here!
The ambiance is nice. I'd go back!Cool, welcoming atmosphere with nice-feeling wooden interior. Quality coffee, king cakes (complete with plastic babies!), and "slightly more than snack" food. Great for plopping down for a solid cup of coffee or light meal.The coffee is OK and it's fun to get a shot of booze in it. I'm never really excited by what I drink here, but it's enjoyable when I'm relaxing in the Quarter.Delicious food and fun atmosphere. Great for a hot chai, spiked coffee, pastry in the morning or panini and liquor in the evening. Coffee shop with free wifi and good food, if limited seatingI didn't manage to order anything here because the line was too long and my boyfriend lost patience. However, everything that I smelled was delicious and the place was packed. I would like to try this place next time. Until then!I have finally achieved my Envie dreams and squired my check in cookie. As I sip on my weekly Chocolate Au Lait (hazelnut coffee and chocolate milk) I feel a sense of serene victory for being a dedicated customer. As I bite into the Raspberry White Chocolate Cookie I understand what the founding fathers felt when they signed the Declaration of Independence. The taste of freedom rippling from my lips into my tongue. The huge luxurious chunks of chocolate liberate my sweet tooth and the raspberry pieces give added delight to this dish. I have discovered a new ritual for my Sunday diversion.I'd also like to boost this place and clear up a few misconceptions.  In my experience, gutterpunks do not work here, though they certainly congregate outside sometimes.  It's the winter migration, people; these things happen. 
The actual staff is pretty cool. Maybe late at night you get some stoners, but stoners working the late-night cafe shift are as wholesome and American as anything else.
Besides, you can get coffee with alcohol in it here. And it's not too expensive. This cannot be stressed enough.  Have the friendly guy at the counter whip you up a Mexican-style hot cocoa/chili pepper thing with some tequila.  Then get yourself a cannoli and quit yer whinin'.Coffee was very good, especially the iced americano. Pastry was also delicious. Casual atmosphere. Very relaxing outdoor seating area. Perfect for people watching. Would definitely return.I had just discovered this cafe the other day, thanks to the people I am staying with here in the French Quarter. 
I had a hot mocha and slice of praline cheesecake.The mocha was great, ant the cheesecake was divine.
I have a hankering for my sweet tooth right now that I might just run down there to get something sweet to eat. Yum!!!Visited New Orleans this past weekend and ate breakfast at Envie every morning and lunch one day.  Excellent every time. I had the Gouda Burger and wife had a panini.  Burger was first rate, as was the panini.  My wife loved the french toast because it was made with fresh baked bread.  I had omelets that also were excellent.  Really good coffee.  Pleasant service.  Reasonable prices.  Lots of locals eat here, more so than tourists by my count.This place is quite nice. The servicer was very kind and informative. I got the breakfast to-go cup, and it was great! A little pricy, but very worth it! It was so good that my boyfriend ate some of mine and then decided to buy his own cup! Haha! 
          However, if you want a place to study at night, this is not the place. Granted it may not be the best place to study because it is located in the French Quarter. 
          The internet worked quite well, I had to wait for some things to load, but overall the free internet was nice. There weren't many plugs to charge my devices which kind sucked. Also, since the cafe is in the French Quarter the noise level is pretty high unless you stayed in the back. Away from the door. 
           Overall, great place to chat with friends if you guys are wondering around the French Quarter because they leave the doors open so you guys and listen to whatever live jazz band is playing(usually a good amount at night). But if you want to study at night, another cafe may be better suited. (Again probably my mistake for going to a cafe in the French Quarter thinking it would be quite on a Wednesday.)My best friend & I came here 3 out of the 5 days we stayed in NOLA. They knew who we were & what our drinks were by the end of our trip. Lol! 
This is a cute coffee shop, that also serves alcohol! Whoo-hoo!! The service can be slow at times since it's usually just one person working, but I was understanding. It's a nice place to chill, relax, read, catch up on facebook, etc. There are tons of seating inside & outside. They also have some food if you're hungry or need a snack. 
This will be my go-to coffee shop whenever I'm in NOLA.On 10 days in New Orleans this was my favorite spot. While small there always seemed to be good seating. The open air gave a good breeze that made the spot cool even in hot days. Friendly staff making up a bevy of drinks, alcoholic and non, made this an almost daily go to spot.4.5/5.
This is a great local establishment somewhat removed from the hubbub of the French Quarter. The interior feels charming and lived-in, and there's a good amount of sidewalk seating as well. I had their breakfast-in-a-cup concoction one morning and their portobella/red pepper panini on another occasion. Both were very tasty. I also appreciate how this is a place where locals and tourists converge as the atmosphere is welcoming to both.This place was so cool! We got our coffee all but one morning during our stay in new orleans. I feel like just about every where you go has good iced coffee or a good iced latte - which I'm such a coffee snob- my mind was blown. But this place was cool. It has the ambiance of a neighborhood place. Theres a group that seems to get together in the back every morning. They serve food, the guys in the kitchen bring it out (and some how working in a kitchen, they're uniforms are so clean - again- mind blown.) The baristas are super nice and, I think, by day 5 we were friendly with the manager who was really nice and like informative on which neighborhoods we should check out and what tattoo shops were good. I definately recommend you get your coffee here. It's the kind of place I wish was in the path of my daily trek in real life.I happened across EnVie with three friends this past holiday weekend, and we absolutely loved it. The coffee was good, and the carrot cake (at 10:00am!!) was amazing. They also had alcohol choices to add into the drinks which was great, and the food choices looked yummy as well. The prices were definitely comparable to other coffee places, and we all thought the bar itself looked really cool. Overall, loved it!My favorite little cafe (just on the outer cusp of the Quarter) to just hang w/o obnoxious crowds all over you and use the internet.    Opens early. Friendly, cool staff.   Tasty breakfast. Offers other snack, coffee and hell they even have a full bar.I live right around the corner from Envie so it is a convenient spot for me to grab coffee and browse the internet. 
Envie itself is something of an anomoly. They serve booze, beer, coffee and food--so although most people think of it as a coffee shop, it is definitely a cafe and brands itself as such. I've really never been in a spot like it. It is unique. It is very well-lit which I think takes away from what could be a cozy corner spot. It is practically always busy and I enjoy watching the speed-chess players who frequent this spot. Seating is somewhat limited for the size of the crowds here, so it isn't uncommon to be seated very close to your neighbor. This isn't a big deal, but it also doesn't make this the best place to get work done if you need to concentrate. There are always a few gutter punks hanging out outside with their dogs. 
The coffee and espresso is perfectly acceptable, although not the best I've ever had. They have a small but nice tea selection. They also serve food, which is good from what I have tried. Their pastries look amazing although I haven't sampled them yet. A+ for presentation, though. The baristas vary in degrees of friendliness. The guys are always nice in a "cool guy" way. There is one loud female barista who I think is a little rude, but whatever. This is a good spot to people watch and grab coffee with friends. They are open late which is a plus!
Envie is A-OK.The best coffee I had in New Orleans...and we drank a lot! Phenomenal breakfast. A+++Visited this unique restaurant with my family and it captured the essence of a quaint cafe and espresso bar. The food was outstanding served fresh, hot and rapid. The portions were a good size for their money. I will return to cafe Envie & espresso bar.My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our visit at Envie. We ate the Breakfast in a Go-Cup; a perfect, filling meal of grits, eggs, hash browns, sausage, delicious GRAVY, and BACON all in a portable cup. My kind of meal. 
Our espresso drinks were really hot (which is great) and tasty. 
If we return to New Orleans, we will definitely stop in again.I like Envie - reasonably priced breakfast, yummy cookies and friendly Baristas!! I never used the restrooms but the cleanliness of the public spaces seemed about average to me. They are open late and have wi-fi. I think that the speed of service is a little hit and miss - but if you have time to sit and people watch, sipping coffeee while waiting for breakfast in a to go cup isn't a bad way to spend your morning!Cafe Envie and Espresso Bar offers Continental breakfast in the French Quarter. This place is the closest to our hotel. Although there's many breakfast joints in the vicinity this place is my favorite. The staff are really awesome, the Wi-Fi connection is ridiculously fast.
Breakfast wise, the one thing that caught my attention was their Go-cup Breakfast that has crispy bacon, scrambled egg and grits, all cooked in a Styrofoam cup! It was very filling and inexpensive for its 16 Oz size.
This quaint breakfast bar is definitely a gem in this touristy neighborhood. I will surely visit this place again and I would certainly recommended this place to family and friends planning to visit the French Quarter in New Orleans.This place is just as sweet as the pralines they sell down the street. Baristas who are pleasant when you ask for chicory coffee with soy in it, a tasty go cup of breakfast and a homey feeling. Go for coffee in the am, stay for a cookie in the afternoon. It's lovely with airy tables outside.This place is great. Its not a table service place but it has a fun atmosphere, good food, and friendly people. They have non dairy milk too but ask the barista for it! They also dont have turkey bacon but they offered my regular turkey instead. Definitely will be back in the future.When I'm here in New Orleans this is my away from home place for coffee. Mostly friendly staff and good coffee. Whether you need to escape your hangover or your life - this is a good place to go for tourists and for locals.Yeah its small , Yeah the Wifi is a bit off , but this cozy moody coffee shop has that real artist touch that many places like Starbucks don't. Hanging out there you can get a real feel for the local art scene , new events coming up and local shows.Cafe Envie is great for coffee in the morning, probably good for lunch, not so great late night. I love morning coffee and some productivity at Cafe Envie when it's not too hot and all the windows are wide open. A weekday is perfect - it draws an interesting local crowd and is just far enough from the tourist center of the Quarter. We went for some food late night once and it was slow and not so tasty. I just love the cafe so much that I'm still giving a high review. A great, easily accessible spot - highly recommend.Its off the main path, pet friendly. Looks like a place local visit and free WiFi. If you enjoy a place away from populated touristy areas, its a nice walk.the owner was very helpful and friendly, we got there about 12:15am (looking for a quick late night dessert fix) and they closed at 1am. very few customers in the cafe at that time so i thought he would try to rush us since he was cleaning up. instead he showed us what they had and their specialties. all the coffees sounded good so i asked him to surprise me and it was delicious - praline caramel latte i think? the cookies and brownies were also good.Great late late late night early morning place for a cup of Joe. 
Seems like there are some locals that frequent the shop, according to conversation I was ear-hustling on. #noseyrosy 
Love the cafe area... Munching while I study!!! I didn't find the prices to be extreme or super pricey. WiFi works great & is free; just get the password. 
Parking is on the street as it's located in the Quarters. 
Great little spot to duck off, surf the net & people watch. Lots of passer-bys, can be a bit of a welcome distraction from studying.Horrible iced coffee.   The cashier was rude and standoffish.   Told me the next person would get my iced coffee.  And I waited patiently to place my order. She acted as if she was put upon when I explained I wanted the Bavarian chocolate coffee.  She charged me for it but I drank her mistake. Friendliest person was the person who delivered my food.  Food was bland and as bad as the coffee.  As a local I won't be back.Food:
Small overpriced grilled sandwiches: ~$9
Free WiFi: great!
Bright open airy place to stop in the evening and do some reading on the laptopMy asparagus prosciutto omelette was excellent. The fresh biscuit was great. The whole meal was heavy for me. The atmosphere was friendly and casual.Super cute coffee shop. Only came for cookies which I was recommended by our server at Louisiana pizza kitchen. But I would like to return for lunch. Staff is vey friendly!