Not only was the food excellent, but the people here are beyond nice-and genuine. I had eggs Benedict. The poached eggs were good but the toast they were sitting on was excellent. We were given a cream pancakes to taste test by our awesome server, Tina. I can honestly say it was the best pancake I've ever tasted. So full of flavour-vanilla, and soft aa pillow.  They melted in my mouth. I didn't even use syrup. Stellar!Great service. My husband ordered a cheese and bacon burger and I got the crawfish sausage por bo both well made and great tasting.this place is solid.  the fleur de liis omelette makes my day.  I can also get a mocha, and kick back.  I recently took a friend here, and she thought it was slow, but hell..... she's not from the big easy... slow down is the key to enjoying life.
huge portions, and brightly lit, fast paced, slow moving, but good solid breakfast.Didn't care for this place. We shared the big easy breakfast and it was okay. The food was barely warm, and the whole meal was eh except for the pancakes. The pancakes were good, would've tasted better if they were warmer.  The hot chocolate was good, thick chocolate, and it came in a to-go cup which was convenient. The service was also good. We arrived on a Friday morning around 8:15 am and there was no wait, but it was starting to fill up. By the time we left there were a few people waiting outside.Three letters, WOW!  Food was excellent and relatively cheap for the FQ.  Our waitress Kerry was excellent.  I had the big easy breakfast which came with lots of food that I could not finish.  The pancakes were the best part of the meal.  Glad we skipped the hotels breakfast of pastries to eat here.  I would highly recommend!The food was good. Price was Ok. We were instructed to sit on a table next to the window which I really liked. The waitress was not very smiley and kind but she managed well enough. 
Overall, Its recommend for a good coffee and brunch! :)Great spot! Also has breakfast until 3 vs many places which end at 11. The eggs Benedict and eggs Florentine were delicious. Strawberry mimosa was a bit sweet but good. Bloody mary is bomb! Server was very nice.Horrible service!  There for an hour and a half and never got food. Six tables seated after us got fed and left. Our server said he didn't know what happened. When I asked to speak to the manager I was told he was cooking in the kitchen. We finally walked out.If you're looking for a great place to start your day I'd go here. Great place for a simple breakfast that'll fuel you up for a day full of festivities. Portions are huge, prices are great, and the place is cute and quaint. What more can you ask for a breakfast spot?Server was not good, I had high expectations of the food, but was let down. I ordered the Shrimp & Grits and my partner ordered the traditional eggs, bacon, sausage and pancake breakfast. My food arrived to the table cold and my shrimp where seasoned, however the sauce was a big disappointment. I would have sent it back however I was informed they ran out of grits (Essence Fest weekend)Excellent shrimp and grits for breakfast! A nice spicy barbecue taste to it. My husband had the Boudin omelette and it was good but the boudin wasn't crisp and was  and he thinks that would've been better, but the hashbrowns were phenomenal.We enjoyed both a great breakfast and a great lunch here recently. Our servers were friendly, sweet and on their A-game. The very small kitchen has a little trouble keeping up with the demand of the closely-packed tables. Highest praise for the fried green tomatoes and the avocado bowl. The Caesar salad had freshly grilled chicken and thick shavings of parmesan. The oyster po boy was full of outstanding oysters and served on really good bread. There were a couple of disappointments: the coffee tasted as if it had been stewing too long and the pancakes weren't warm when they hit the table, but they were still tasty. Will definitely return.Open air to the street is nice.
Tables are WAY too small and cramped together. Service was especially slow with half the place empty.
Bacon blood mary had a funny taste to it, I probably got a bad batch.
Food was decidedly mediocre.
Nothing I can really recommend about coming here.I dined here yesterday with two friends and we all ordered shrimp and grits. When our orders were brought out, the shrimp and grits were cold and hard and looked as if they had been sitting out for a while. We sent them back and asked if they could send us fresh grits but unfortunately the new grits were the same. It was pretty insulting that they would even think that we should eat food of that quality. I have visited this restaurant many times in my past visits to New Orleans, but I will not return.After reading the reviews we decided to try it out.  Waited about 1/2  hour and was seated at a dirty table with remnants of left over breakfast and on one of the chairs too.  Told the waiter and she hurriedly wiped it down but the table was still sticky. Ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich with no cheese and hubby ordered the big easy.  
Sandwich came out with cheese on it and had to send it back, hubby's eggs were under down.  Asked the waitress if the egg whites are suppose to be raw and really runny and she huffily said yes....mmmm okay....had eggs at our restaurant establishments and when they make it over easy the egg whites are not raw and runny.
After that, waitress didn't check up on us during our entire meal.
Wouldn't go back.This place is GREAT and worth all 5-stars.  We wanted a big breakfast and we got it.  We ordered the fried green tomato BLT, sweet cream pancakes, and the country creole breakfast.  As my 8 year old daughter said- "it was delightful!"  This is a must while in NOLA!Had a great breakfast this morning. Met the manager Nick. Great guy. Loved the fact that he took time to go out of his way to talk to me and ask how my dining experience was. Great spot for the locals as well as the tourists. I had the Big Easy breakfast. Enough food for two. The pancakes were excellent. Good fast service, good food and overall good experience.Waited 1 hour for a simple salad.
This place takes forever to bring out your food!
The service is slow and horrible.  I had to ask for my salad to go since I had a plane to catch.  When I was able to finally eat my salad, they forgot to put a side of salad dressing, needless to say my salad was awful!  There are plenty of other restaurants you can go to, don't waste your precious time and hard earned money on this dump!Great breakfast! I had the egg, sausage, bacon, hash and short stacks! One of the best breakfast places I've had since Kirby Lane in Austin, TX! We will eat there again before we leave NOLA!I would give them 6 stars if I could. We had a fantastic time at this restaurant. We used the Yelp "Skip the Line" option which out us ahead of a lot of other people who probably did a walk-in. We we're seated less than 15 minutes after our Yelp suggested arrival time. Our server Joe was the sweetest gentleman. We ordered Bloody Mary, Mimosa and a Bailey's Irish coffee for drinks. All amazing! The Bloody Mary basically came with an appetizer on top. Hah! We ordered the Breakfast Sandwich and Baked Breakfast Sandwich for our meals. The portions we're huge but so delicious! The hashbrowns we're better than the ones at WaHo and if you know me, you know my love for WaHo hashbrowns! The grits we're way better than Flying Biscuit's grits and that's saying something! Overall, amazing place for brunch and fantastic service!Greatest hash browns ever!  Get a slice I pepper jack on them!   Good coffee!  Eggs florentine is mind blowing too!  Fast and friendly service!Really great food. Love that it was a great spot for a family to eat breakfast. Banana pancakes and boudin omelet we're really good.Excellent breakfast! We asked for several changes - eggs medium, bacon and hash browns extra crispy, biscuits instead of toast, pecan pancakes instead of plain- and everything came out just as we wanted. The pecan pancakes were flavorful, sweet, fluffy, and packed with pecans! Our waiter was friendly and gave us great service with a smile! Try this out when you are in the French Quarter!We were extremely pleased with our omelets. Simple, honest and tasty food. The concierge at our hotel recommended this restaurant for a "health-food" type of breakfast per my request. I wish I were staying longer so I could try pancakes.My goodness!  This good was amazing. I had the Big Easy which came with eggs your way, bacon, boudin sausage, grits or hash browns, toast or biscuits and pancakes.  :-). Everything was flavorful and the staff was welcoming and friendly. I will be back. :-)Our second time to Cafe Fleur De Lis!
We went to their other location a couple days ago.  The food was so good (had the shrimp n grits) that we had to come back for more!
The prices were reasonable for what you get.  The quality of food were good with service to match.  
I loved their shrimp and grits, but this time I had to try their Seafood Benedict (Seafood cakes made of crawfish and crab mixture).  It comes with a choice of hash brown (has a slight little kick) or grits.  My friends had the traditional breakfast of eggs Benedict and vegetable omelette. The coffee was good,  and so was the mocha coffee ( piled high whipped cream with drizzled chocolate on top). 
Overall, our second dining experience was great.
This is a little hidden "Foodie Find" and gem of a place.  You won't be disappointed.Awesome cafe!  My friends and I were in town for Mardi Gras in 2011 and stumbled upon this gem while wandering around looking for lunch.  I had the Fleur de Lis Panini and it was delicious.  Also, the bathroom is ridiculously nice; it had a TV playing AMC!This is a great place for breakfast! I had the Oyster Benedict. Holy Cow! So delish. The staff was super attentive. They were ready to have a go cup for water, coffee or other beverages.Service was great and egg platter was good but french toast was absolutely terrible.  It was so tough you would barely cut it with a knife.  I have never seen anything like it.. there was a small amount of egg on the very surface of bread.. they called it french toast but it was notIdeal la forma como la espera a las afueras del local, se compesa con visitas cortas a las tiendas alrededor, antes de una notificación por sms... 
La atención un tanto impersonal, pero la comida vale la pena... ahora, los precios no reflejan la realidad... se paga un premium por la famaFantastic breakfast spot.  I went on two occasions and varying degrees of service both times, but both times, the food was excellent.  The first time, the line was 10 deep, and growing mostly because the counter girl was slower than molasses to enter in a order.  It might have been because she kept screwing it up:
My rib eye steak and eggs some how turned into ham steak and eggs.... the hashbrowns are excellent here but when we went back on Sunday, they weren't serving hash browns, only grits.... I opted for biscuits and eggs which were fantastic as well...  Great breakfast to grease you up after a night of drinking or you just want a well grilled meal. 
Best practice, walk in to the back counter, order your meal and then grab a seat - no wait staff.  They offer up great bloody mary's for those in need a little hair of the dog.
I say some of the talent that walked in and out of here were better than the bar scene and much funner to talk to.  Unfortunately the busers take advantage of this also and the tables suffer with plenty of dirty dishes waiting to be taken care of... even when still when your food comes out... Go and enjoy.In NO on business, and always try to eat where the locals do, or at least avoid the chains. This place came highly recommended. I was all set for a great breakfast, and was so disappointed. Took 30 minutes to get food, which was overcooked after sitting under heat lamps. Totally uninterested and full of attitude service. They were busy, so may have something to do with it, but I won't be back.This place is great! Local feeling and great portions of food. Servers are nice and efficient. This became our "go to" breakfast place.Quiet place in a charming building with local art adorning the wall and great for people watching by the French Market. While I did not have any of the gumbo (which the sign said was the best in the city), I did enjoy the Fleur De Lis omelet, a large omelet with crayfish, delicious sauce, and that came with hash browns and toast. 
Service was good, prices were reasonable, and this is a nice place to start your day before hitting the market, or take a break in between to chill and take in the scene.I'm from New York City so I'm used to omelets and oatmeal for breakfast and that's not an easy thing to find in New Orleans. I can't even fathom eating fish for breakfast. I found Cafe Fleur de Lis and saw that it had a normal menu so I figured I'd try it out.
I called to find out if the oatmeal was made with milk or water and the person who answered the phone had no idea and was completely thrown for a loop. When I got there I asked if I could get the farmers omelet with egg whites and my waitress had no idea (it turns out you can). My omelet wasn't' bad, but wasn't amazing.
The person I was dining with ordered the pancakes and you have a choice of a few things that you can get with them, so he chose bananas. Again, the server had no idea what he was talking about when he ordered the pancakes with bananas. Then when they came to the table she held them up and examined the plate because she thought that they had made them and forgotten the bananas (they didn't). Also, the pancakes were alright, not great.
I wouldn't go back here. If you're in the area go to the Camellia Grill down the street. It's so much better.Good place for a good breakfast and coffee. 
Simple wholesome and good service what else can one ask for breakfast?
If you are visiting New Orleans at the French quarter and looking for a good place to start your day, then that this is the place for you. 
Recommended...Tried this place for breakfast and it was superb. The shrimp and grits was delicious and there was even enough to share, the sauce is made from scratch and probably the best shrimp and grits I've had. My son had the chocolate chip pancakes and he liked them so much he requested a second order. The French toast and regular pancakes were also very yummy and filling. The Bloody Mary's really hit the spot! Great place!!Good breakfast spot with all the basics for a reasonable rate. Well located whether you're staying in the Quarter or the Warehouse district. I had the eggs with bacon and potatoes and toast, pretty good although a little oily.Grabbed a quick breakfast here before a tour. Nothing bad, nothing special. Just a standard breakfast joint. Don't make a special trip here, but if its on your block and you need to eat some eggs and stuff, they have them.Nice food but don't go to this place when their busy time, such as brunch time:))  
After we ordered about half hour, our food still not show up and we ask the server that we waiting long time. You know what, our server told us "you guys only waited 22 mins." WHat the hell is that answer supposed to be???!!!!
And we ask separate check the guy said "we dont do separate check when we are busy." :)) Well... i dont offer tip when you busy then:)))) Who fking cares!!The hubs and I flew into NOLA late the night before, so we crashed near the airport instead of driving to the 'dell late. That meant a morning and afternoon to tool around the quarter before heading home!
The hubs' brother suggested we drop into this cafe for some eats and to say hello to his wife, our sister-in-law.
Cute, little place - delicious menu - too many choices! I saw someone's pancakes come out and they looked fluffy and nom-worthy, but I decided to go with something that had a little more local flavor. Enter... the seafood benedict!
YUM!! The crab and crawfish patties were so tasty, the biscuit underneath was impossibly light. I liked the hollandaise sauce, but would have loved it if it had come out piping hot and not lukewarm. The hashbrowns that came on the side were WAAAAYYY too salty for my liking, but the hubs had no problem chowing down. Note to self, check his blood pressure.
The man ordered shrimp and grits, one of our fave things to make at home, AKA a heart attack on a plate but you go out happy. 
Anyway, the shrimp were cooked well.. not overdone and rubbery the way they can get but I imagine in the Crescent City they know how to cook a scrimp! He said the grits were perfect - not too runny, not too solid. His only complaint was the gravy - he said it tasted strongly of worchestershire (did I spell that right!?) was overpowering.
We'd absolutely go back to this place - there were more items I'd like to try. Tasty!Great great breakfast... Start to finish!
Candied pecan smoked bacon, sweet cream pancakes and Fleur die lis omelet!!!!Visited New Orleans for the end of Mardi Gras and stumbled upon this little cafe for breakfast. Ended up coming back the next two days because the food is absolutely incredible. They serve breakfast and lunch and between everyone we tried a decent portion of their menu. The boudin omelette is amazing along with the Bourbon Street Breakfast which comes with a shot of bourbon! The entire staff is great, especially our server Joe. The whole place just makes you feel like you're eating a great meal at a friend's house. I would recommend this place to ANYONE visiting NOLA who's looking for a delicious and affordable meal. I will for sure make this place a required stop on all future visits.Awesome place!! Good food and service!!!
Shrimp and grits are to die for. Pancakes are really good to.Arrived at 730 on a Tuesday morning and only one couple was already in the restaurant, we actually thought it was still closed cuz they forgot to flip the sign over.  So if you wanna avoid the long lines and long serving times, come early. Prob not the easiest thing to do when your out all night in the big easy, but now you know...show up early and you'll be fine.
Upon recommendation from our server, I decided to go with the shrimp and and grits - which I thought was excellent; it had a very distinct flavor, and the lemon and garlic cream sauce really made it stand out, imo of course.  I would get this item every time I came here tho if I were to come here in the future.  
Wifey had the Pecan and banana pancakes, which were very good, almost didn't need the syrup, but we put a little on there anyway. 
We were also interested in trying the Fried green tomatoes, which were battered slices of tomatoes (4 pcs), which came with a spicy aoli sauce, which were pretty good, though I could've done without them after the fact. 
Service was excellent.  We enjoyed our service very much, and again, since we came early, maybe that's why our service was very good, we didn't have to compete with the many customers who showed up a little later, fighting for the attention of the servers...
Again, come early and you're good.  Otherwise, come in and try the food, totally worth it.I stopped here because it looked nice and my friends and I were starving. Upon entering we were yelled at to shut the door (we were literally just crossing the threshold when the waiter snapped at us) and then he took menus and literally threw them on a table and walked away. We waited for over 10 minutes before anyone ever greeted the table and the only reason anyone ever came was because I had to flag down another server when she walked passed us (and another table who had been seated just before us who also had no server) to greet a table who just walked in. Our server was the same guy who yelled at us earlier and when I suggested to my sister that she order her food with her drink he said "yeah lets just get this all over with at once". The burger was disgusting, it looked like a McDonalds hamburger but greasier. I just got coffee so I can't say I tasted it but if it had been served to me I would have returned it. I had to flag the server down for the check and when I put my card out to be taken (everyone else was paying in cash) he walked by literally six times without taking the card. I ended up just paying cash. I have served my entire college career so I understand what the job is like but to be blatantly hostile is something I will never understand. Yes, we are tourists just like probably 90% of the restaurant (it was Sugar bowl weekend so the team colors gave it away) but that is no excuse to treat people so poorly. This was the first time I have not tipped someone and this is the first time I've written a negative review but I was really that upset about it. I made sure to tell all my friends to steer clear of this place when they visit.I have to say that I stumbled upon this place by mere accident last January, and have been back three times, most recently for the Saints NFL kickoff. Small gem in the French Quarter, it has a great menu written beautifully on a chalkboard above the order counter. My favorite is by far the Fleur de Lis omelette, topped with a delicious crawfish sauce, with a side of their awesome hash browns. It is small but hospitable, and the staff is very friendly. And the prices are very reasonable, and the food, again, is just "yummers."my husband and i were recently in NOLA for four days, which included three mornings.  which, of course, meant three breakfasts.
we ate breakfast at cafe fleur de lis twice.  
in fact, the only reason we didn't eat there all three mornings is because we ate at another restaurant the first morning.  had we eaten here first, cafe fleur de lis would've been three for three.  we saw a waiter leave a couple of times with trays of covered food and walk across the street to the hotel.  it appears as though this place delivers room service to the guests there.  we'll be staying there next time :)
the pancakes were in-credible.  i have no idea what my husband ate, i can't remember.  i was far too involved with my strawberry covered, powdered sugar dusted, impossibly fluffy pancakes to really even notice.  i'm pretty sure they brought me a plate of 3 pancakes, but it could just as easily have been 12.  there was no way i was finishing them all and i was just a little sad about it...is it weird to miss pancakes?
anyway, super friendly staff, reasonably priced (for b'fast in the quarter) and, of course, ridiculously good pancakes.  eat here!!!!The food was GREAT if you ever get seated. While I can understand it's a small establishment the person running the seating chart was just awful. They were not seating by any sort of logical reasoning and lots of people who waited one hour were getting cut by those who waited ten minutes. If you go be preparedI was amazed by every dish and so was my entire party. This is real home town momma in the kitchen cookin up some dem some vittles Great!!Had Monday "Brunch" as I was in NOLA for the day. Food was exquisite. I had the bourbon banana pancakes with caramelized bacon. Awesome. The shot of Bourbon was good also. Family had variety of things, boudin omelette, breakfast sandwich, the burrito... everybody was satisfied and couldn't clean their plates.  A must for breakfast in the quarter.In NOLA for mardi gras.  The wait was 45mins. Customer service was really good. Everyone is super nice. Kudos to the staff !! You guys rock! The food. It was average nothing special. My french toast was crunchy not nice and fluffy like I like. The french toast was lacking brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg. It came with fruit which was nice.  The turkey bacon wasn't crispy enough.  Overall C++. Prob won't be back.Besides busy hustle & bustle (which you would expect from any cafe in Nawlins anyway) this place is great! 
These guys serve up some pretty tasty hasbrowns and pancakes. I recommend the big easy breakfast.Two visits on my trip. Excellent food and service! Had the oyster Benedict and the seafood Benedict.  Awesome grits as well!Stopped in here for breakfast and it was delicious! We ordered the Fleur de Lis omelette which was great! My sister and I split the food and it came out separated already which was definitely appreciated! Our server could have been more attentive but overall good experience, will definitely be back.Great service by Elena! She was attentive and helpful! The seafood benedict was exactly what I expected - delicious- the coffee was delicious, bloody marys were SUPER strong! bacon bloody mary has so much bacon! And the grits are perfect - no need for any extra cheese or butter!Best breakfast I had in New Orleans. I got their pancakes which were amazing and tried grits here for the first time. Of all the grits I tasted over the course of my trip these were the best. It's not a particularly fancy place and it is cluttered but that said for what it is- its great. Prices are very fair and the food is solid.We had not been to NO since Yelp was even developed, but have learned since to trust it's reviews. If you are in or near the French Quarter and want excellent breakfast food combined with world class service at a fair price, don't miss this place. Some of the best breakfast fare I have ever eaten!This was another touristy must do spot to eat that was also packed and had a long line. The setup of this place was a bit different. You order your food first, pay for your individual meal which I loved and then grab a table. One of the servers informed us by the time we placed our order there would be tables for us and that was true. I was shocked because of how crowded the place was. I ordered the American special of eggs, bacon, grits and pancakes that was delicious. I tasted one of my friends chocolate pancakes which was different but a bit too much chocolate for breakfast in my opinion.
This place really deserves 4 stars but their unpreparedness for a large crowd during a popular festival weekend warrants a deduction. They ran out of flatware and some of the juice and tea dispensers were empty. I informed staff and they sincerely apologized and stated they would get to it.They definitely needed more staff. The other thing I didnt like was that you waited in line in the middle of the restaurant and can be literally breathing on  other patrons eating their food. Well that's how it felt and it was just too tight and the set up wasnt comfortable at all.The staff was nice, but not a great meal. I had the ice coffee, which was just okay. I also ordered the crawfish étouffée. If this was the first time I had étouffée, I would have never ordered it again. The crawfish didn't look or taste fresh. The dish itself tasted more like a watery gumbo. We also ordered a side of fried green tomatoes, which were pretty good. Along with that, we ordered the healthy breakfast, which was a good dish. There are way better food places than this one. Save your time and money and go somewhere else.Loved the breakfast here. I don't think this place needs anymore good reviews because we were there on a cold morning in January and it was packed. In fact that's the only thing I didn't love about it - it's a bit cramped and noisy and the tables are sort of crammed together in an effort to squeeze in as many eager diners as possible. I get it, it's the French Quarter and most places are on the small side. But anyway...the food was delicious. About as good a breakfast as you're going to find anywhere. A bit on the expensive side but I think that's another thing you just have to expect when visiting here. Great food and good service, I'll go back if the line's not too long :)Great place for a quick breakfast. If you're staying on Canal do yourself a favor and walk down to this place. The staff is friendly and the serving sizes are hangover friendly.Rude, rude, rude! Hung up on me on the phone twice when I was asking about wait time. Food can't be their redeeming quality if you never get that far.Was in New Orleans for Saints game. Heard about this place for a great breakfast. Went 2 mornings. Outstanding!  Had baked breakfast sandwich and it was fabulous. Pancakes with eggs day 2. Best pancakes I have had. 
Highly recommendHad the crawfish omlet, pretty tasty, didn't make my toes curl but it was decent. Was there at 9:30 on a Thursday and didn't have to wait for a table there were a few open. Did wait a bit for the food though. Overall not bad & would go back againTotally decent joint for a quick, fresh breakfast.  My wife, the ultimate breakfast snob, declared that her omelette was "way better than Mother's.". Wasn't crazy about the blaring hip hop over the speakers but food was solid and they are open on Thanksgiving.My wife and I stumbled upon Cafe Fleur De Lis on the first morning of our trip. We loved it so much we went back every morning for breakfast. My wife loved their coffee, I loved everything... except the boudin sausage I had the last day. Compared to everything else I had it was rather bland and unimpressive. 
The staff was always friendly and the atmosphere was great. I highly recommend this place for breakfast. If I could give more than 5 stars I would.Amazing food reasonably priced and great service! The best place for breakfast and lunch in Nola. Definitely a must try!Delish!! Customer service was outstanding!!  I had the seafood benefit and it was great! Almost made the just ale of putting hot sauce on them, but it was amazing without it!!Came here while attending the Essence Festival food was so good we came 2 mornings in a row! I  would suggest getting the shrimp and grits. I Had that with the fried fish as well and asked for gravy on the side. The grits were nice and creamy, shrimp was tender and the fish was fried to perfection  with just the right amount of seasoning. The wait staff was also accommodating. The place is a bit small so get there early or there might be a wait.I had the bourbon street breakfast.  I didn't realize it came with real bourbon which you're supposed to pour on top of the banana pecan pancakes.  It was worth the wait.  Keep in mind you have to be patient if they're really busy.  Decor is traditional French quarter and it feels very cozy when you're here.Mmmm.... HASHBROWNS... (what else can I say?) The food here was really good, it's a tasty breakfast / lunch place. I was impressed with this little cafe, had pancakes that were so buttery and light, but those hashbrowns are killer (garlicy or something). We also ordered a spinach omlette that was really good.Great breakfast! Reasonable priced. Latte was delish. French toast on brioche was superb. Great benedicts. Homemade biscuits served with almost everything.  Typical slow southern service. We had a group of 6, spent $85.The food is great here! There is usually a wait to get in usually (not unlike most other good restaurants in New Orleans). The bacon bloody Mary tastes amazing and is full of flavor. We had the shrimp and grits (a staple when coming here) & the fried oyster Benedict, both were filling and flavorful. Great place to get a New Orleans breakfast or brunch.This is a fantastic place for breakfast and lunch in the French Quarter. 
It's just honest, simple, good food for a great price.
I've had nearly everything from this little place. 
Pastries. Pancakes. Egg breakfasts. Chicken ceasar salads. Sandwiches. Mimosas... YES! They have mimosas!
Just know that it's a pretty small place, and can get packed pretty quickly. But be patient. The line usually goes pretty fast, though the tables don't always clear fast enough for my liking.
If you want something fast, delicious and of high quality for the price, I would definitely recommend this spot.This place is worth the wait! Grab one of their amazing chocolate iced coffees while you do.The kind maitre d' greeted me at the door and found me a seat at one of the few tables in this small café.  It was so small that he had to use my table for pitchers of water and tubs of dishes as he cleared other tables.  But he was really nice about it.  I recommend the Fleur-de-lis omelet--green peppers, onion, provolone and bits of sausage, covered with a mildly spicy red sauce and crawfish.  This came with wholegrain toast and fried hash browns.  The bloody Marys with bacon-infused vodka and full strips of bacon swizzle sticks looked amazing--it was just too early for me to indulge.Amazing! Incredible service to match fabulous food.
Shrimp and grits were out of this world, but we all tried each other's dishes. Can also vouch for bourbon street breakfast (served with bourbon to dump all over your pancakes) and oyster Benedict too. So so good!I honestly walked 20 minutes just to get to this place and was excited to give it a try...  First I was set down at the only place they had available, the balcony.. it was mid day and super sunny and it took them 20 minute to just come say hey and ask if I'd like to drink... after they moved me in I ordered, the hash were super yummy and my waitress was sweet, Id give them that. I guess if you are willing to wait 60 min in line and than another 60 min inside just to eat an egg sandwich than this is the place for you. Maybe I just had a bad experience.Food came out cold. Cappuccino was ok. Server was able to add smoked boudin to my farmers omelette for $4. Given the other reviews i expected more. Service was slow. I'm sorry I fell for a tourist trap.Have been wanting to go here for breakfast, but weekend crowds were imposing.  Went early on a Monday morning and got in right away.  Service was very good by Nila P., and food was excellent.  We both had the healthy choice and it was delicious.  Definitely a go to place in the French Quarter.First we arrive at 7am for breakfast but there was no chef so we left ... After a long morning of kayaking we were hot tired and hungry so we decided to give this cafe another chance since it was so close to our hotel. As we are seated we are told they are out of chicken. No chicken? We didn't know what to say. We left . Two times not a charm!Found this great place while going to the market we were hungry and thirsty  so we had a seat. So happy we did. We both ordered one of the Benedict's. So. So good! The oysters were fried to perfection and the poached egg was perfect. I also ordered a shrimp bloody Mary. The drink was a meal in itself. Wonderful grilled gulf shrimp and a spicy tomato base. It was a wonderful start to a great day.The staff was very friendly and made sure we had everything we required. I was never short on water which was great due to my hangover. There was construction outside and the waitress made a joke of it. "Our drink of the day is the jackhammer (as jackhammers pound away outside) it's a jack on the rocks with a splash of jack!" At least she made the best of it. The ambience other than the construction was clean, neat, and cozy. The food was pretty good too! I would come back!Damn fine breakfast in the French Quarter. Sumptuous cheddar grits topped with salty and savory shrimp formed the highlight of the meal, and a side bowl of fresh fruit and a bottomless cup of chicory coffee rounded things out for under $20. Service was courteous, prices reasonable, and food much better than more touristy joints a few blocks over. Well worth a visit if you're looking for a good brunch spot.I was excited to try this restaurant after reading the reviews. However, the food was not as good as the reviews suggest. We had oyster Benedict. The oysters we fried in advance. One I had was actually cold. The dish was not hot. The eggs were cooked perfectly. This could have been a really good dish!  It was just not executed well. Bloody Mary had too many spices floating in it and became undrinkable toward the end.  Service was excellent.Service was very nice. We split the shrimp and grits.  Was fantastic and plenty to even share.A cute and clean little breakfast place with lunch menu as well. Had the eggs Benedict. I was a little disappointed tho with the fact that my biscuits were a little one cooked and hard to bite through.The café has closed. A new owner opened a similar concept around the corner, café 91.  Supposedly they will have the same menu until after Mardi Gras.
Shrimp and grits were terrific in flavor, shrimp was overlooked, but I still give it four stars.This place is awesome. Food is great service was spectacular. My husband and I went two days in a row for brunch. Will definitely be returning!!Wow. What food!  I started with great coffee and a Bloody Mary. Then something new for me a Seafood Benedict. Eggs Benedict over seafood cakes on a biscuit.  Never done Benedict before. Their cakes are full of flavor and spice. Just wonderful. Paula had a standard breakfast platter with the usual well done hash browns which were cooked to perfection. Highly recommendedIt was a rainy Sunday morning, and with only one table occupied I was a little concerned.  The staff was present and open. A strawberry mimosas for my wife and a Bloody Mary for me gave us time to pick our breakfasts. I had the Big Easy Breakfast because I'm a sucker for pancakes. My wife had the Eggs Benedict which are over biscuits.  It took a bit of time for the food, but we were not in a hurry, it's still raining. Only concern would be is if the wait were compounded with a full room. People kept coming, but never more than five tables.  The food was very good, grits in a small Corning crock, fluffy pancakes, perfectly cooked bacon. All in all a good experience. I will return if time allows.Our first trip to N.O.  We had been eating furiously for 3 days, some good some bad some great. This place was great. My breakfast, a pancake and egg platter, was delicious and too big to finish. If you knew me you'd know that's a real statement. My wife had the oysters benedict, also fantastic. We're from Baltimore and know something about shellfish.
 We enjoy traveling to dining destinations like New York and appreciate good food. This was one great breakfast in a nice clean place with seating right across the street from the farmer's market.
 A special word for our server Scott, super efficient and friendly. He even saw us walking by a few hours after leaving and brought us out some ice water as it was real hot that day. 
Recommend without hesitation.There's plenty of food in the French quarter, but not plenty of 5 star breakfast. 
This place on a Saturday morning was top notch.Great food. Great service. Extra friendly. Nice atmosphere. The grits, boudin, and biscuit were exceptional! Bloody Mary was very good with great garnishes. The road construction was perfect entertainment for our little boy!Our family of five ate breakfast here on Christmas Day.  Cafe was packed but the hostess worked quickly to seat us.  It was tight but our server was great; polite and fast.  The seafood benedict was a hit with my son while I enjoyed my shrimp and grits.  My husband's omelet was light and fluffy while my younger two kids enjoyed their french toast.  Cafe is cramped but food was delicious and filling.  I was especially impressed with the gentleman who was calling the orders to the cook staff and making sure everyone was focused on getting the food out on time.First time here. Great food! We started off with the Bacon Bloody Mary. It was FABULOUS!! My husband had the pancakes. He said they were the best he'd ever had! I would have to agree! The seafood eggs Benedict was good but too rich for my liking. It comes with 2 but I could barely eat 1. The grits were ah-maxing! Next time I'd get the shrimp and grits! Enjoy!What a horrible experience! They were severely  understaffed, we waiting 1.5hrs for our food to come out and when it finally did my boyfriend's eggs were literally raw on his eggs Benedict. It looked like they cracked the egg and put it on an English muffin. My dad's eggs were raw on his meal as well. Not only that but my boyfriend got a Bloody Mary spilt on his back, we watched the chef throw all of the waiters' food tickets on the ground, the bartender told a waitress "tell them they can't order that drink" because he was too busy to make it. The food was good once it was re-cooked but we wasted over 2 hours of our day here.Quaint spot that stays busy! 
I added my name to the wait list and was told that it would be 30-40 minutes for my mother and I to be seated. 10 minutes later I get a text saying my table was ready...perfect! If you plan on shopping, do it after you eat here because there's little room for bags...it's tight. I ordered the shrimp and grits and the brown sauce was MEGA salty. It was unbearable so I reordered it with the sauce on the side and it was very good. The blueberry pancakes were fluffy and the batter seemed to  have a great taste. I didn't give this place a 5 star rating because my mothers platter casausage and it was completely raw, red and cold in the inside...GROSS!Can't beat the burger, highly recommended, especially for lower quarter.  Staff is friendly.  Prices are reasonable.Good Bloody Mary's, skip the Eggs Benedict. 
On of our four breakfasts came out 5 minutes after the other three.  Two breakfasts were barely warm and the eggs in both Benedict orders were over cooked.Service was slow. Food was mediocre. There are many better places to go. Don't waste your time.I live in the neighborhood and was delighted that a good and inexpensive place had opened for breakfast/lunch. I have now eaten there a dozen or so times and have to admit that I loved everything I ordered. Honestly EVERYTHING is good. For breakfast get the crawfish omlet! And a side of pancakes... In fact, get a side of pancakes with anything you order, they are that good. For lunch snag a poboy... Shrimp is my favorite, but oyster is equally as good. They use Leidenheimer's French bread and it's the best in the city for a good poboy. The fries are fresh cut and amazing. The burgers are good too. Oh, one last thing... Try the seafood eggs Benedict... Amazing.This is definitely one of my go to neighborhood establishments for fantastic food and drink.  The service is always spot on.  Cozy, clean, nice decor.  I have never had a bad experience and my GF and I frequent this place at least every other week or so.Had breakfast here on the last day of my visit. The atmosphere was fabulous. Food is good and the service was perfect. Would definitely come back here to eat! 
I recommend the pancakes. The batter is delicious and they are super fluffy!This is the best restaurant for breakfast in New Orleans!!! I had the Bourbon pecan pancakes and a peach mimosa. The mimosas are huge and are mostly champagne. The bourbon pecan pancakes comes with melted butter, real maple syrup and a snifter of bourbon you can pour on the pancakes ( recommended) or just drink! The pancakes were loaded with pecans throughout! He early around nine to easily get a table. Best breakfast I ever had!!Nice little cafe... Friendly staff and the food was decent. My husband had the fruit bowl and it was fresh fruit thank goodness. I had the healthy breakfast the turkey bacon was super soggy and the egg whites were a bit runny so that would be my only complaint. My oatmeal was super delicious. There was construction outside which messed up the atmosphere but that was no fault of theirs. I would return this give it a second try.This place is really good! Flavored mimosas, great pancakes and friendly service! I'd recommend it!This was a recommendation from a local resident/business owner, and he suggested the shrimp and grits.
We got here at noon.  It wasn't busy, but the food was made to order.
I ordered the shrimp and grits, cafe au lait. My friend ordered the country breakfast and coffee.
The recommendation was spot on good!  It was one of the best shrimp and grits that I had in a while.  Creamy cheesy grits with a tinge of lemony butter and shallot flavor atop the shrimp.  Cafe au lait and coffee were good too.
My friend's breakfast was good, she mentioned the biscuit was really really good.  The breakfast included a Boudin sausage (a Cajun sausage made of rice, meat and vegetables, pulverized)  Sausage was good, but not a personal preference.....she preferred those sausages on the  meatier side.
Everything was made to order and very fresh.  The customers seated at an adjacent table had a Bloody Mary that looked delicious.  The food was so good that we forgot to take pictures (sorry...but the pictures from others looked the same).
Highly recommend this place.....will come back again to try the seafood Benedict.
The shrimp and grits is a good one to order!The shrimp and grits are so rich and cheesy - a must order. Arguably one of the best places for shrimp and grits in New Orleans.So pleased with breakfast this AM! Food was outstanding and the blackberry mimosa is not to be missed!Great customer service. But prepared yourself for some smelly raw sewage from outside... ;) but from the inside was great smell. We had pancakes and coffee.AWESOME BRUNCH! We had a great time here. My eyes were defintely bigger than my stomach. My guy ordered a bloody mary....so decadent and filled with goodies. The shrimp were SUPERB. I had 2 mimosas, which were great, one was peach the other was starfruit. For our meal, I had the crawfish and crab benedict, he had the crawfish etoufee omelet.  Both dishes were yummy! Only thing I didnt like was that I liked my paloached eggs a little more runny. These eggs were too cooked for my liking. Also, this patty patty comes on a bisquit. I thought it was breaded enough to be served by itself on top of maybe an arugula salad or something. Other than that it was good.  I also ordered a banana french toast dish that was "dessert." My boyfriend told the waitress to hold off putting it in right away, knowing I may not make it that far. Well sad to say, I didn't, but boy did i want to try it! He loved his omelet, of course I tasted it, and it was devine. Nice and hearty. Our waitress was nice, attentive, and provided great recommendations . Thanks for a wonderful Sunday brunch!Awesome Server(name escapes me).  Hubby ordered the Shrimp and Grits.  They were delicious.  One small hiccup..after he introduced hot sauce to the grits, the immediately became runny.  He ate them anyway.  Haha!  I had the basic breakfast(2eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns and 2 pancakes).  I'm not a sausage person, but this sausage is so good!  Very good hash browns that were crisp but not dry. I gave the kids the pancakes and bacon.   Really good pancakes!  My kids like a crispier bacon, this was fatty and not as crisp.  Love this little gem!Came across this restaurant by chance. We were looking for a breakfast place and saw this restaurant, no line and no wait, so we headed in. So glad we did. Great service, yummy drinks and delicious food! Try it, you'll be glad you did.The breakfast was absolutely fabulous and Sonia was a terrific hostess and waitress. The eggs Benedict was delicious and the mimosas refreshing. Totally recommend this place.The place looked dingy and old.  Two couples came after us, looked at the menu, and left.  That should've gave us the sign, but we stayed and ordered the gumbo based on the staff's recommendation.
My stomach was grumbling the whole afternoon after the gumbo.Best Bloody Marys in town!  I tried one every where I went for 10 days here and kept coming back here. The bacon and shrimp Bloody Marys are to die for!I live in the neighborhood and was delighted that a good and inexpensive place had opened for breakfast/lunch. I have now eaten there a dozen or so times and have to admit that I loved everything I ordered. Honestly EVERYTHING is good. For breakfast get the crawfish omlet! And a side of pancakes... In fact, get a side of pancakes with anything you order, they are that good. For lunch snag a poboy... Shrimp is my favorite, but oyster is equally as good. They use Leidenheimer's French bread and it's the best in the city for a good poboy. The fries are fresh cut and amazing. The burgers are good too. Oh, one last thing... Try the seafood eggs Benedict... Amazing.Food wise this was THE highlight of my weekend trip with my aunt and uncle to NOLA. In preparing for the trip, I scoured yelp trying to discern the true gems and I'm glad I picked this place.
We were seated inside since it was so chilly that morning but they do have outdoor seating. They have a full bar, we didn't get adult bevys though. After seeing lattes for days being served to other foodies we asked what kind it was and got one mocha latte to share since they were so huge. It took a while to come which was annoying at first, then we realized that they were grinding beans to order, so we chilled out a bit. The latte was beautiful but furthermore was DELICIOUS. I never knew freshly ground beans made such a difference.
Our waitress was so lovely. She didn't mind all of our questions (like, what exactly are grits? to which she responded.. where ya'll from? lol). We got the crab benedict.. AWESOME. The crawfish omelette.. so moist and flavorful. Also got the grits, which surprisingly were unflavored although I could've sworn had cheese in it. Finally, we got a biscuit because I NEEDED A SOUTHERN STYLE breakfast. It was so so delicious, my mouth is watering thinking about it now. Our waitress was so thoughtful, she said if we didn't like the grits she could bring us something else as a side. MMMMMMMM.
This location is right across the street from a quiant open-air market and was very close to the river and a trolley station. Highly recommend! It was not pricey for how good it was :)Best Bacon Shrimp Bloody Mary. Actually, best Bloody Mary I've ever had! Friendly and efficient service.Everything is delicious. We are shrimp & grits, eggs Benedict & pancakes. All very very delicious @ reasonable priceThis is a great stop for breakfast if you are going to the French Market early in the morning. I would definitely recommend the Eggs Benedict with the house hash browns, they we're superb and filled with flavor! Great little place that isn't crowded in the off season.Used to be counter service (which I actually miss) but now is a sit down place but the food is still the same good ole breakfast and lunch. Always have great meals here. There aren't a lot of budget conscious breakfasts that are fast and easy and GOOD in the quarter but if one place comes to mind it's here. Keeps me coming back. I recommend getting an egg sandwich on a biscuit they make a great biscuit.Eggs Benedict with hash browns, large Caesar salad and blood Mary . Delicious ! The pickled green beans in the Bloody Mary was legit. Caesar salad was a great portion for the price. Eggs Benedict was cooked perfectly and the ham was just right. It was empty when we got there for brunch but it was a friendly atmosphere. FYI The unisex bathrooms were a little dirty and the lock does not work.Our Farmer's Omelettes were amazing. Best hash browns ever. Loved that they gave us each a to-go cup of coffee. The service was delightful. Highly recommend.so we order two sandwiches.  catfish and something
they're out of bread.
I change mine to no bread and my wife changes to jambalaya
time passes
they come back and they were wondering if my wife wanted the jambalaya or her original sandwich on a bun.  they didn't offer me a bun
my wife liked her jambalaya
my catfish was fine but the fries were oily and tasteless.
they took off some of the cost
not worth it.  took way too long for lunch and too much weirdness with the ordersSuch a clean cafe with amazing fresh food! It's setting is quaint and has a rustic flair to it! The service (Kenneth) is A+!! 5 stars for this cafe we had breakfast at!Bartender is a bad ass love her!  Can't wait to go back!!! She suggested the eggs flowering and it was amazing!Went here for the poboy reviews but it did not make the grade! Oysters were chewy and the fries were cold and limp (after the menu stated "double fried"), friendly staff but would not return!Cafe Fleur de Lis is a fun spot for brunch and lunch! As a local and native New Orleanian, I have a difficult time finding a good brunch spot close to my house in the French quarter that isn't too touristy or has a line wrapped around the building, or is crazy expensive. It is affordable and the food is great! The drinks are even greater! The bartender Alix was very helpful and inviting and I felt right at home. I will definitely be coming back here with my friends. 
I recommend the Bloody Mary because it is the real deal bees knees. If you're not into that, then the strawberry mimosa will surely tickle your palate.I would say this place is the definition of so-so. When we walked in, we were told to seat ourselves anywhere. After we sat down and got comfortable, a waitress came over and told us that we needed to sit at a table that already had silverware on it. Uhhh...wouldn't it be easier to just walk silverware over to our table than to uproot us? 
We moved and ordered drinks. I got an iced chocolate coffee that tasted nothing like chocolate and which I had to doctor with my own cream and sugar. My friend got a glass of orange juice which cost a ridiculous $5. Yes, you read that right. $5 for a glass of freaking OJ straight out of a carton.
For breakfast, I had the prosciutto and asparagus omelette which was ok but pretty forgettable.
Our waitress could only do one thing at a time and didn't seem able take both a drink and food order simultaneously, which stretched our time out here longer than we would have liked. Overall, not likely a place we would revisit.Now renamed St Cecilia. Out of the way location. Not very clean, water on the floor. Red beans & rice way too spicy , virtually inedible. Shrimp poboy very good but tails left on the shrimp which made it hard to eat. Very limited menu. Only one restroom. Not sure it's worth the walk to get here.It's a cute little place opposite the french market. It looked close from the outsidr but I figured out it was because of the cold weather. 
The service was friendly & efficient. There weren't many people as it was mid afternoon.
They ran out of chai latte but the cappuccino was in a nice big mug that really helped warm up my fingers. I didn't realise fresh cream tasted so good with coffee!
I ordered pancakes - I have a weak spot 4 them. There r several options to pick from: blueberry etc.. I chose pecans short (stack of 2) pancakes. It looked delicious. Best ever pancakes in my life. Like seriously. The crunchy pecans r at the bottom & was absolutely tasty. It was super filling too.Awesome breakfast options!  Seafood Benedict was delicious!  They also have a nice selection of drinks and serve great Bloody Mary's.  Just across from the open air market and it offers a nice shaded break from the sun!Service and food were excellent.  Flavors of the omelets were outstanding and I'm not a breakfast person.  Will come back here often.Nice, casual place for breakfast.  Fast, friendly service.  Good coffee.  We both had the grits, which were first-rate.  My friend had the eggs Benedict, which he proclaimed very good.  I had the omelet with asparagus which were excellent.  
Good find right next to the French market.I'm really shocked at these other ratings. My eggs Benedict were served COLD. The shrimp and grits were yucky. The home fries were the only thing I enjoyed. Our poor waitress was overwhelmed while the girl behind the bar did nothing. All the other guests and I were so confused why she wasn't helping make drinks. She was literally sipping a cup of coffee, and waited 10 minutes to make my latte! Definitely hope management reads this review.Atrocious service. We waited 35 minutes for our simple order then left because the waitress disappeared and never came back to tell us what the delay was. Very disappointing!!!Lunch was good!  Our server Scoot let me sample the etouffee which was delicious. Thank you!!Friendly fast and delicious. 
We got a shrimp and alligator sausage poboys. 
Was very happy with the stop.YES EAT HERE!!!! This place is so great!! I ate here twice and would've gone more but for the sake of variety I opted not to. 
The "Bourbon Street Breakfast" special was so good. Seriously good. Best pancakes I've ever had were on this dish!! 
Service was great! I had a lovely waitress from Kentucky who just made my experience. Always nice to experience true Southern hospitality.Wait staff was awesome, especially Alex who gave us plenty of recommendations for places to visit around town. Food was decent, the shrimp po boy had a bit too much of a "breading" flavor. However, the alligator sausage po boy was bursting with flavor. 
Bloody Mary's were tasty and strong. A good way to start the day.We had almost every brunch at this place in our 9 days stay in New Orleans ,  tried few other places but comparing to the price ; you get very friendly good service, good hot breakfast , good drinks ! Very happy with itIs eight in the morning too early for a mimosa?  Not in New Orleans, as merchants are setting up shop for the French Market across the way. And an excellent mimosa it was. Followed by quite possibly the best shrimp and grits I've ever had. My travel companion had banana pancakes loaded with pecans and served with bacon, maple syrup, and a snifter of bourbon.An adorable place in the French Quarter. By happenstance I went here both times I've been to the Crescent City, and both times were a delight. Staff is very friendly, the food is great and at an excellent price. Don't miss out but also don't wait too long - the line can get justifiably longer later in the morning.kinda seemed like a tourist trap being right across the street from the french market. the bacon bloody mary was fucking fantastic and the shrimp and grits were yummy. tourist trap or not i enjoyed the food.The food was good - I had a cup of gumbo and an entree of crawfish etouffee.  It was a little bland for my liking but I think that's because I prefer spicy/hot foods versus a dish more catered to the typical American palate.  I would recommend this to family/friends who are visiting the area.
On a side note, I happened to dine here on an evening that their credit card machine wasn't working.  I explained that I had no cash or debit card and I had no intention of not paying for a meal but I didn't have any other funds to pay.  The owner, Erin Marie, came out and thanked me for my business and told me she understood the predicament.  She apologized about the credit card machine not working and asked me to do her a favor and refer her restaurant to others in lieu of paying for my meal.  I was really touched by her graciousness at the misunderstanding.
The next day I came back with cash to settle my bill (and tip my server) and I think it's worth mentioning that this business really went over and above to make a good situation out of something that could have ended really badly.This is a cool, hip little breakfast spot next to the tail end of the French Market on the corner of Barracks St & French Market Pl.   The craw fish omelette was really good. My daughter had the Seafood Benedict and it was AMAZING, wish I got that.  My mom had the grits and they were super tasty!  My Bloody Mary was a little salty, and still good.  The coffee was quite good and we all shared an waffle with fresh fruit that was done just right.We originally had a reservation at a "jazz style buffet" in the heart of the French Quarter, but decided to pass after reading some of the Yelp reviews. Instead, we took a trip to Cafe Fleur De Lis for brunch. BEST DECISION EVER. 
The seafood cake Benedict was out of control good. Crab and shrimp are combined into a cake and fried perfectly, giving it a nice crunch. It's over a warm biscuit, topped with a pouched egg, and their version of a hollandaise. 
I also shared a blueberry pancake with the table. It was spectacular. Yes - spectacular. Like the way you would describe a fireworks show. So fluffy, so fresh, so delicious. 
This is a must for brunch in the Nola area!If you eat more than once anywhere in the French Quarter or NOLA, you know its gotta be good.  And they are....Breakfast is wonderful the coffee the best with creamy cream.  Top servers.  Today we split the seafood benedict.  Plenty for the 2 of us.  Our eggs were perfectly cooked.  4 stars going on 5.  Last time we had the asparagus and Prosciutto omelet. Again...simply the best....Local, local, local. Food was good, service was beyond stellar, and the local brews were GREAT. Thank you to the staff that was working when we showed up. Will be back.I'm a regular here because I love the fried chicken salad and I work close by, so it's usually a good place for lunch. The service is pretty good. My only complaint about this place is that the food is SO INCONSISTENT. Like, I've had the chicken salad probably on 6 different occasions so far and every single time, something is different. Either the dressing is different, or the way they season and fry the chicken is different. I've had three bad experiences when the chicken was so completely tasteless, no salt or pepper at all. I overheard one customer today complaining about the same thing. Inconsistency. I understand they are a fairly new restaurant, but they need to find what works and stick with it or just get all the cooks on the same page, because I don't want to have to gamble with my food every time I decided to order from there.I'm not sure what has happened to this place but the quality of food has definitely dropped off.  I have eaten there three times lately and not posted a review until now because I keep hoping it is just an off day.   Let's start off with the good.   
The bacon is incredible.   I'm afraid that's about all I can say about my last three experiences.  
The prices are high for what they are serving, and sides are almost cost prohibitive.  The eggs were fine, but nothing to write home about.   The hash browns and pancakes unremarkable.  I may be wrong but I'm under the impression they save their batter day to day and its not made fresh.   The sausage was the most disgusting part of the entire breakfast.  It was way over cooked and dry.  It was like cutting into slightly softened Styrofoam.  Of course the last meal was better than the one before it where my food was actually served warm on the outside and cold on the inside.   
I encourage the owners if they read this to get in there and do some quality control.   This place used to be a good place to eat in the lower quarter.  I definitely do not recommend it now.  If your experience is different, I encourage you to point out what I'm missing.  Maybe its just a matter of what I'm ordering.It was a good, reasonably priced brunch. Fantastic bloody mary selection, too!Seafood cake Benedict, cappuccino, and Bloody Mary all excellent.  Everything house made and great service.Delicious food! A little under staffed, but over all service and taste was great! Must have your breakfast here, everything was cooked to perfection!We were there on a slow day at noon, but still could order the oyster benedict and shrimp and grits. Food was amazing. Waitress was delightful. Prices were good for New OrleansAlthough this place was very busy and we waited over an hour before we received our food, the shrimp and grits were awesome. If you love grits, you will appreciate this dish. I would recommend this place.Never have had a better mimosa! I got the French Market raspberry mimosa and was in love. Super delicious, extra strong. Must stop