Horrible experience,  went off the 4* reviews, not even close. We had a man digging in the trash next to us, coughing and talking to himself. Made everything uncomfortable and the food un-enjoyable. Got up n just left.We came here for the gumbo and it was not what we expected at all.  I don't think there were any vegetables in it.  The spicing was nice, but I'm just not a meat lover.  If you want to have their food, I would suggest eating somewhere else as the ambiance here is... odd? lacking?A local gem. The boiled seafood not on the menus hanging from ceilings but rather on small signs. 
Got a pound of crawfish and a pound of shrimp. High recommend the crawfish. They are the smaller kinds. It is only $5 and is very saucy and just right amount of spices. 
The shrimp is actually quite disappointing. It is more expensive $8 a pound but I can tell the shrimps are not fresh at all. Probably dead for a long time before they cooked them since the meat and the shell completely stick together. 
I heard the cooked food are good too but to me they look kind of like American Chinese food similar to Panda Express. 
People here are very nice though. I got confused with the menus and quite a few people helped me out. There are a lot of homeless around the area. I would suggest you to take a lyft and leave right after.The fried food was horrible, it wasn't fried crispy enough. The seasoning was bland, and only taste like a pinch of Cajun spice. The chicken wings wasn't cooked all the way. Now the broiled food was good except the neck bones they were tough as heck and only had Cajun seasoning on them.Reasonably priced and BOMB.  We had crawfish, shrimp, and snow crab--would recommend them all!  There was a medium-sized line but like the other reviews mentioned, the line is very fast.  There are a few tables inside for eating there, but it's not a restaurant so don't expect any sort of service.
It's not located in the best area so I wouldn't suggest walking there in the p.m.Crawfish were fantastic, really amazing and unique flavor. Shrimp Po'Boy was pretty good as well. Wasn't a fan of the Gumbo, but think that's just a personal preference thing - I hadn't ever tasted anything quite like it so maybe it just would take a little getting use to. Be prepared to wait in line for 30 minutes.Excellent! This has been the only place where I can truly say I got my money's worth.  All of the boiled foods were very well seasoned and finger licking good. I would recommend going during day light because the neighborhood looked kind of scary but I would take the risk any day, these people are very blessed in culinary styleAverage price for crawfish and seafood plates. The restaurant itself is overall clean and the staff are friendly. The crawfish was very salty with little to no flavor. If you're looking for the Asian style crawfish boil, you may be disappointed although owned by a Vietnamese family. The location can be sketchy.My family loves this place. My grandma always comes here. We ordered 50lbs of crawfish, shrimp,  an order of corn on cob and poboy sandwiches. The crawfish are preboiled and were up in seconds. Crawfish were just sitting in juices so it made it a lil salty as well as the shrimp. My family didn't think so though. The poboys were delicious and so was the corn. I had hot sausage. Mom had shrimp. There is plenty liquor to order. I bought a mini grey goose and a couple of bud lights. Drinks make everything better. Too salty?  No problem. Grab a cold one.Best cajun seafood we've ever had! Very fresh and delicious! There is always a long line but the wait time is not long at all. The price is very reasonable and there are plenty of seats and tables inside. Their sausage and corns are tasty too!!Oh my Goodness!!! I got stationed here a few weeks ago due to being in the Army and this was the first place I had some seafood.... Let me just say the food was soooo delicious!!!! The corn on the Cobb and the crawfish was so damn good. I will definitely make this my go to place.Great recommendation from my Lyft driver. Absolutely the best crawfish that I have ever eaten. If you go you must also try a boiled turkey neck. Unexpectedly delicious.The best gumbo in town. Shrimp po boy is excellent as well.Thhhhhhheeeeeeeeeee BEST SEAFOOD IN NEW ORLEANS!! TRUST ME! THIS?! Is the place you wanna go for your crawfish , shrimp, crab, and fixings ....don't waste your time or money going anywhere else lolThis place was really delicious - you can tell the seafood is extremely fresh and the quality is great. My friends got the shrimp which they all thoroughly enjoyed, the crawfish didn't have a ton of meat. I got the shrimp po-boy sandwich which was really delicious as well. I ended up getting the 12 inch which was a mistake since it was huge, I think the bun size would have been a more reasonable size for me. The corn is also extremely delicious - it's soaked in their spicy sauce and I would recommend giving it a try.
The place is in a bit of a run down area and you'll mostly see locals here - they had a police officer manning the door when we went to control the flow of people in and out of the place because it was so busy. But don't let the area deter you, the food is worth it!A classic Shrimp Po-Boy was at the top of our must-have eats during our trip to New Orleans.  We drove right past Cajun Seafood on our way into town and I remember commenting on the simplicity of the store name. But true to its name, this place is straight-forward and serves amazing New Orleans seafood and killer po-boys.
The 18" Shrimp Po-Boy was truly the foodie hightlight of our trip and for $14, it's a steal of a deal for two people. The crunchy pickles and fresh, sweet, lightly fried shrimp totally make the sandwich.
They sell an ocean of seafood prepared a million different ways including fresh fish, crab, and crawfish where they're in season.
There's no doubt in my mind that if I lived in New Orleans, this would be go-to spot for all my seafood needs. If you're visiting the Big East and looking for local eats then check out Cajun Seafood - you'll LOVE it!Line was ridiculously long the entire time I was there. I waited 1 hour just to put my order in, and then another 20 minutes for them to call my order. When I finally got my food it was very tasty but the crawfish were very small and overcooked so it made it hard to get the meat out because the shell kept falling apart. The food was good but I wouldn't wait on that line again.This seafood is super delicious! We had crab legs, medium shrimp, potatoes, and corn. The cajun flavors were soon good. Go to this place if you want good eats in New Orlean! You won't be disappointed!!!!Hidden gem!  My favorite meal in NOLA.  I knew I was at the right spot when all I saw were locals eating at this place.  Delicious boiling crab like seafood style of steamed seafood cooking.  So glad we had a car to make our way outside of tourist area to enjoy this meal.  Nice owners.  Quite a gem.
Items ordere:
--boiled snow crab
--boiled shrimp
--boiled crawfish
--corn
--sausages
--fried catfish
All items were delicious.  We ordered 4 pounds worth of food and ate it all between 3 people.Food: Great Crawfish! The seasoning is delicious, not too salty, not to spicy. I love it. They have a huge variety of other food, but we stuffed ourselves with 12lbs of crawfish and was unable to even move after that, so we didn't try the other stuff. So what do we do? We come back the next day! We tried their gumbo, fried rice, corn, sausage and more crawfish! The other stuff was okay,  but I rather fill my tummy with their crawfish. 
Service: EXCELLENT! The people here are so friendly and chill! Quick service! I can see myself being there all the time if I lived in New Orleans!The boils are spicy so beware!  But if you can take it.. boy this place delivers.  Go with a small gumbo, a lb or two of crawfish but you HAVE to order some king crabs.  This seafood shack is off the grid but worth the detour.  The locals were confused why we were taking pictures of our food... so we took it easy and played down the yelping a bit.  I would def make a stop here if I was visiting NOLA again.If you want authentic creole food in NOLA, this is the joint. Not pretty but clean, sketchy neighborhood with a few sketchy characters roaming in and out but the nice people in line ordering helped me make my decisions and made me feel welcome. I followed this suggestions: crawfish, corn, turkey neck and gumbo. They bag up your precooked items and hand them to you and you simply find a place to sit down and dig in using your hands and dozens of napkins. 
The gumbo is called out and you come pick it up. Just a spoon and styrofoam cup with a side of rice. Nothing fancy but my oh my that is the best gumbo I have ever eaten d I ate a lot of gumbo this week. 
The crawfish were great, the corn was nice and spicy and the turkey neck was surprisingly really good. A little tough to eat but worth it. 
In fact besides the gumbo, everything I ate was a challenge not to destroy what I was wearing. I still managed. Nice spot on my shorts. But it was all worth it. 
I'll say it again- the best gumbo ever. Seafood, andouille and chicken. All getting along together. Just like me and the good people of Cajun Seafood. This is my go-to joint when I come back to NOLA.The restaurant had plenty of options at great prices. I only had the crawfish, sausage and corn and it was good with proper spices. One thing I wish they would have done was purge the crawfish. I also got a lot of smaller crawfish, which I wasn't too thrilled about.  I would definitely go back to try some of the other things, but probably would not get the crawfish again. The poboys and snow crab legs looked good.These people know how to cook seafood. We went balls to the wall and ordered the 1 lb of crawfish, 1/2 of dungness crab and the catfish plate. The crawfish and crab were spicy and delicious. The catfish plate was huge, cooked fresh to order and was piled high with fish and fried rice. The only con was the fish was a little too salty for my tastes, other than that it was great meal at a great price.So glad I went to where the locals eat. Like everyone says delicious food and inexpensive. I did not want to shell out $30 for lunch. I paid half as much and got twice the food which I happily munched on for lunch and dinner. Parking's a b**** though.Seafood platters are a good deal. But get a fried turkey wing, you know for your"health." Prices on raw seafood are great. Quality is good.We asked several Uber drivers and locals where to get a good oyster po-boy and landed on this spot.  It is a total hole-in-the wall, in the ghetto, but the oyster po-boy was GOOD.  It was pretty price though, we ended up spending $38 on the 2 of us...which was a lot for a place in the ghetto!  All that said, I would totally return!!We checked out this place based on all the excellent reviews on yelp. My bf was craving crawfish late at night, but he didn't want to go too far away from the hotel. We decided to get Postmates to deliver us some crawfish. 
The crawfish was $5.99 a pound, which was such a good deal. I really enjoyed the way they made their crawfish, the seasoning was really good and super addicting. I didn't think that be crawfish were that fresh, but it was still tasty. We also got a pound of shrimp. Do not get the shrimp! It was over cooked dry and rubbery. We couldn't even eat it, so had to throw it out. Definitely get crawfish from here and order a few more pounds because we couldn't get enough! 
We will probably get it again before we leave to get our crawfish fix out of the way.As a tourist and my first time in NOLA, I can't exactly claim to know anything about what a crawfish boil should be like, but I do know that this was amazingly delicious seafood. 
I came here with the boyfriend after searching for crawfish boil on yelp. This was close to where we were staying and came with high reviews. I'm so glad that Yelp did not steer me wrong. We ordered 1lb of shrimp, 1lb of crawfish, 2 pig's feet, 4 corn and a small container of fried rice ("we need some carbs," said the boyfriend. Psh, I thought. I can subsist entirely on a diet of seafood.). We ordered at the counter and everything got put into plastic bags. There was some tables around and we sat down and dined. It was crawfish season so we paid $4.99/lb for crawfish and $8.99/lb for shrimp. All told, it was about $20. 
It was SO much food, but so good. It was the right level of spice without it being overwhelming. We could still taste the seafood as we sat down sucking on crawfish heads.  My favorite was definitely the crawfish, followed by the shrimp. The corn was tasty, but a bit overcooked so that the texture was a bit mushy. The pig's feet was just okay. It wasn't particularly flavorful, but I'm glad I tried it.My first time! It was great! The line will be long but it is worth the wait!! We really enjoyed the gumbo, crab legs, corn and sausage. I will visit again!Had 2lbs of boiled crawfish and a bowl of gumbo, both were amazing!  The locals were friendly too.This place is an absolute gem.  Everything on the menu is locally sourced and fresh. Very casual and relaxed - order, sit, eat.We spent hours trying to figure out where this place was the a month ago... I found it this go around. It was three good... it's wasn't authentic creole. However, it was well seasoned and affordable. Over 10 pounds of seafood and sides for $70.00 we had food leftover!!! We will be back...At first I wasn't sure -- I'd went for the fried shrimp po-boy a few times and it always left my stomach in knots. But eventually I realized that if you eat 30-40 fried shrimp, you're gonna hurt no matter what. Now I just share. 
The sandwiches are really good and loaded with whatever you like, but this place also serves hot boudin and gumbo (both good), and sells fresh seafood like fish, shrimp, and boiled crawfish. The price is right and everything is super-fresh.
There is also an entire counter devoted to buffet-style Chinese food, which I haven't tried but seems very popular. Behind the counters, they sell all types of beer and liquor. So, you can get a pound of boiled crawfish and a 1/2 pint of whiskey for under $10. Dinner is served.only for the adventurers - all of these yelpers saying " I want to go where Locals go" - well, this is a local experience.  Two lines - one for boiled one for kitchen (po'boys and fried goodness). Get the 12 inch it was PLENTY OF FOOD. They have larger, but 12 in was perfect. In fact, the bun size is probably fine.!
There was a police car (3) when we arrived, but it didn't stop us from lining up. 
Parking under highway and then running across Claiborne was a bit stressful
There were plenty of local families there, but I could see how some families may not want to dine - in. There are other locationsThe best seafood I've ever had!!!! 
PROS: food is absolutely Delish! I'm actually angry that this is the first time I've been. I will be back tomorrow before I leave to go back home. The fried catfish and shrimp. My goodness...hands down the best fried fish I've ever had. Fluffy and seasoned to perfection!!!!
Super affordable food. I got a pound crab legs, some crawfish, a turkey neck and corn my boyfriend got fried catfish and shrimp with fries with two drinks and our total came to 34 dollars. 
Serving size was impressive. The fried seafood platter was busting out of the box. Largest turkey necks I've ever seen. 
Service was good, no complaints. They were patient and very polite. The patrons were friendly just like most people down south are. Offered recommendations!
CONS: I really don't have any. The reviews were right when they said it wasn't in the best part of town. But nothing different than an average mom and pop spot found in most inner cities. Definitely not a fancy spot but I wouldn't expect a crawfish boil to be in a fancy establishment. I will be back again! And this is a must if you like seafood! U will not be let down. 
Sorry I don't have pictures. I ate my food too fastYes! This is the place to leave the tourist behind and sink your teeth into a shopping bag full of the tasty crawfish, shrimp and crab boiled and seasoned to perfection. Within walking distance of the French Quarter, it is definitely worth checking out.Why is this place not more talked about?? The food here is amazing! We only stopped here because we were starving and we found this place close to us. The food is great!! I had the fried catfish plate and I was not disappointed at all. This is the second time that we stop by this place while we are in Louisiana and that should say alot since there are so many delicious places to get Cajun food. Personally I would not eat at this place since it does need a little TLC but it is a great place to pick up food and eat it at home. My husband got boiled crawfish and boiled shrimp and was in a food coma after finishing it all. I love this place!LOVE the snow crab legs and the boiled crawfish. The shrimp is also super solid. Prices for crawfish and shrimp are so value too. Wish I could've eaten here more!!Meh. Read the Yelp reviews and expected to grab six lbs of fresh amazing crawfish but the whole experience as well as the food was underwhelming. Staff worked quickly but none of them looked like they were excited to be there. They provide one ply paper napkins for an otherwise messy dining experience. Bag had ripped and juices were leaking everywhere. Seasoning was OK on the corn but crawfish were previously frozen, not fresh, tiny and lacked a lot of special flavors. As a Californian used to the flavors provided by the boiling crab chain of restaurants, I had hoped to experience Cajun boiled seafood at the source and was horribly disappointed.I love boiled crustacean. This place is kinda like Boiling Crab or Hot N' Juicy but with one spice level and no atmosphere. Actually, there is atmosphere but if you consider ghetto and hood then there you go. 3lbs of Dungeness crab, 1 lb crawfish, 1 soft shell crab po' boy, 2 coke bottles, 2 corns and a lot of paper towels cost $58. Not bad.
Just wish they had tooth picks or crackers.Tried this place my first night in New Orleans it was about a 7 min lyft ride from our hotel in the business district. When you walk in it's set up more like a deli counter and you walk towards the back to order. People were friendly and prices were cheap. It was about $4/lb for crawfish, definitely recommend if you're not to blow all your money in the tourist traps.I've lived here for over a decade and don't think I ever went to a restaurant to get boiled seafood before going here. It's in a somewhat sketchy part of town so if you're a tourist drive or take a taxi. Seafood is tasty and you get what you pay for. I had the boiled shrimp and bought some corn and potatoes to go with it. I'd go back.I had the crawfish boudin and the fried shrimp Po-Boy. Now I didn't like that the spicyness of the boudin overpowered the crawfish, that the consistency was too soft and without any snap to it and that is it was surprisingly greasy. That being said I wasn't a total waste of time. But I had a lot of expectations surrounding the Po-Boy and it really didn't deliver. First of the shrimp where greasy from the frier and had no taste, there where to much mayo and it was served in a burger bun. Now as a cheep filler it's passable but i wanted a good Po-Boy and this wasn't it for me.
Would I revisit, NoOk I'm going to come out and say what the ppl with low stars didn't. This place is hood! Loud bikes n cars racing up n down the block. Weed smoke everywhere. Mostly Black locals.
If your a drunk ass tourist, stay on Bourbon St. This ain't for uncultured kiddies. If you want fine dining this is not the place. 
BUT the food is amazing! AND CHEAP AS HELL! pound of crayfish, pound of shrimp, oyster poboy, 4ears of corn and a tall beer, 2waters....$30 2 stuffed adults. Crabs were not in season but they had plenty of snow crab legs. Shrimp had heads on. I enjoyed the flavor. Not overcooked or rubbery like other reviews mentioned.
Don't tell, but their seafood flavor beats Ol Bay anytime. Sorry MD. ANd their Popeyes taste better too. So there. I digress
Not a good place for a date or ppl who don't like spice. Everything had spice. Even the corn. Order food, seat yourself.
Out of all the restaurants I've been, I'll be back here to get some more crawdads, blue crabs, soft shell crab and dessert (maybe a turkey neck everyone was raving about too). 
The long line is well worth it. You can always get it to go if the ambiance isn't your style. My 1yr old loved the bike n car show. Thanks. This place made our day!
Minus 1star for bathroom and long line.Came to NOLA for the best seafood! So of course we asked a local that worked valet at our hotel and she sent us here! It was everything we asked for! We had turkey neck, pig feet, crab, shrimp, fried chicken, chicken wings, soft snow crab and fries, corn, oh yeah and sausage and it was to die for! All that for $60. I was skeptical at first but this place is amazing you can order food, buy liquor, buy frozen seafood, buy all your drinks, they even have cereal basically all the things you need when you got the munchies! lol I definitely will be coming back... oh yeah when I came back to my hotel I tipped her $10 for recommending this place! She made my day!This is the place to be. They even have Chinese food. The crawfish tasted like they put anise spice in there. It's different than traditional crawfish. But still very good. The turkey neck ($1.75) and gumbo ($8) was top notch. The large gumbo can feed two people.
Will definitely come back to try the other stuff.Like everyone has stated, no frills, no ambiance, just plain good food in a plastic bag and Styrofoam to go boxes. If you like crawfish and you like it spicy, this is the place. Again, don't expect to be greeted, seated, and catered. You stand in line, order, sit and eat (or take out). Like any REAL good place, you have to go where it's done right, southern style. If you do eat in, make sure you have plenty of napkins or have a roll of paper towels on your table. And just forewarning, it's not in the burbs, there's a guard behind the counter.This place lives up to the hype. A must visit for any visitor to NOLA. Best crawfish in town.cheap af, and delicious afffffffff, seafooooooooooodAll you need to know:
1) there's like 3 different kinds of lines in this place so look up at the signs and get in the proper line, jackass.
2) you can buy a box of apple jacks and giant bottle of vodka here.
3) don't get the gumbo, served too damn hot as to cover up its flavorlessness.
4) get the seafood platter and crab legs, they ran out of cocktail sauce and didn't have any of that chinese mustard that would've gone great with the side of shrimp fried rice they give with the platter.  
5) my friend was too stoned and in lieu of cocktail sauce dipped his fried seafood into the small plastic containers of melted butter given with the crab legs.  He also drank a big ass buesh beer that he bought there.  
I think he's dead now.  don't do that either.The employees here were not friendly at all. A smile would go a long way. The crawfish was small. The shrimp fried rice was bland. But the prices were good. $3.99 per pound for crawfish.It just went down and it was so delicious everything from the Crawfish to the shrimp to the Boudin to the Crawfish Pie was so delicious I will definitely be back again to eat here the seafood was so fresh I even sucked the head of my crawfish to get all the juice out the shrimp and Crawfish were very very fresh all the seafood everythingWe loved this place. We found it with the help of Yelp. Food was fresh and delicious and the price was right! It was pretty busy but that usually is a good sign. Even though it was pretty busy we didn't have to wait a long time. There are places to sit and eat which was nice also.A local told me about this place and man o' man the food is so freaking good! Everything here is delicious, from the freshly cooked daily lunch items served to the boiled seafood, turkey necks, potatoes, corn, and sausage. 
Boiled crawfish is fantastic here! Boiled shrimp is hit or miss, depending on when you order and when they cooked the batch. Much better value than any of the seafood you would find in the French Quarter (if you are looking for straight seafood, and not the other attractions/scenery of the FQ). 
A must stop if you miss a feast of crawfish! Service is fast and friendly.This place is pretty gross. Maybe it's the expansive tile floors that possibly get hosed down occasionally which make people think this place is sanitary, but it's kinda substandard and if you've read some of my reviews you know that doesn't customarily bother me. They don't seem to have enough steam tables and such for the amount of food they carry. I think maybe you have to get there earlier when the stuff is fresher, but I was not very impressed. 
Prices are most certainly rock bottom, and if you're trying to feed a family of 6 cheaply this is probably a much better bet than McDonalds, but I wasn't very impressed with the flavors and the quality of food. Seems to me you could make this type of food very easily and for very cheap at home and it wouldn't sit around in lukewarm baths waiting to be distributed to people over the course of a day. I tried potatoes, corn, sausage, and shrimp. I'd say the potatoes were probably best if I had to pick.1st Visit to Cajun Seafood.
Had boiled fresh crawfish (1lb), large shrimp 0.5lbs), and a small bowl of gumbo.
Prices were cheap!   
Probably less than half for an equivalent meal in the quarter or CBD.
The crawfish were tasty and spicy, but a little on the small side, shells were a little soft, and meat was a little mushy.  (Maybe a little too early in the season.). Flavor was awesome!   I was sweating from all the spices, but couldn't stop eating.   
The shrimp were ok, also a little mushy for my taste.   
I think if they kept their raw seafood out of the melted ice, or boiled to order, it would have better texture.  
The gumbo was tasty, better than some of the stuff I've had in the quarter.
I would go back and try it again on my next trip.OMG, I just discovered this place on my last trip to NOLA, I am beyond impressed with the boiled craw fish, and the craw fish pie, my only regret is not being able to come back and eat here one last time before I left. This is by far the best place I have eaten boiled craw fish at in New Orleans .Can't wait to come back, you will never drag me out of here. The seasoning they use is out of this world.Came to grab quick dinner to go.  We ordered snow crabs, shrimps, sausage, corn, and soft shell crab plate (include potatoes salad and shrimp fried rice). The seafood was fresh and yummy.  Price was reasonable for fresh seafood.  Service was average.  Parking is a nightmare here since they have only a few spots in the front.The shrimp poe boys are to die for! The chicken wings are amazing but be prepared it stand in line for at least 15 minutes because this place is always jam packed.I absolutely LOVE this joint. It's in the 'hood but I didn't care because the food is bomb and so is the service.
I ordered the 12 inch shrimp poboy dressed and two turkey necks.
This is the BEST poboy hands down!! The bread is very fresh and soft, the shrimp was cooked and seasoned to perfection. I agreed to share the other half of my sandwich--with my dumb self. 
I waited to eat the turkey neck... It was SOOOOO good and tender! They are huge. They keep it in it's own juices and they're $1.99 each. You can get potatoes and corn but I wanted the meat!!
Cajun Seafood is a must if you're in the N.O.This food is literally some of the best food ive ever tasted, visiting from California this will be my spot every time we travel. We ordered gumbo, fried chicken, turkey necks(bomb), and crawfish it was all delicious and the prices were great!I gave this place three stars just for the food alone. But we all know the restaurant experience isn't just about food alone. You have to factor in atmosphere and service. In terms if a great hole in the wall restaurant, the food is awesome. However, the tables are not cleaned, and paper towels are needed on the tables, especially for boiled Cajun seafood. Management allowed a dirty ghetto bum to hang out and PESTER THE GUESTS TO BUY HIM LUNCH!!! This dumb @$$hole bum bugged my wife for a minute and then as I came to the table with our food he pestered me. I had to tell him the beat it and get the hell out of my face. Management did NOTHING TO REMOVE THE BUM.  if you're hanging out in be French Quarter, do not walk to this place. You will probably be mugged.  Take a car or cab and make sure you're packing a 9mm.Crawfish in the Quarter was outrageous. Ask a local for the best place to get good crawfish. He recommended this place. Food was great!  Kind of a different place. Looked like a convenience store. Sat down with a bag of crawfish at the table and ate from the bag. New experience but well worth it!!Good flavor and taste.  However, most of the shrimp were not fresh and they were a bitch to peel.  The sides were great and the crawfish definitely was worth it.  We also had some crabs which were pretty good too.  I wasn't that big a fan of the Turkey necks, but overall I enjoyed my experience.Unassuming place in the seventh. Great prices for a lot of delicious food. Crawfish pies, generous portions of potato salad, hot plates, and boiled seafood. Mmmm it doesn't look like much, but go. Your wallet and mouth will thank you.We loved it! First time here and we are out of towners! It seems like a local spot. Doesn't seem like it's in a good area, but the prices were so good and the seasoning was so good!  They have boiled seafood (crawfish, whole crabs, snow crab legs, shrimps) poboys and other Cajun items.This being my first time in New Orleans, I wanted to try the boiled new orleans crawfish that everyone talks about. I had been warned beforehand that crawfish is not in season in November, but still wanted to have some regardless since - when will I get another chance?
My order consisted of boiled crawfish, turkey neck and an order of corn.
Turkey neck - 5/5. Tender, juicy, well seasoned. Can't go wrong with this.
Corn - 2/5. After sitting for a long time in the boiling liquid, the kernels of corn were saggy and way too salty for my taste. It was like 40% boiling juice and 60% corn. Couldn't finish
Crawfish - 1/5. Now this is where there restaurant really disappointed me. I knew in the back of my mind that these crawfish were probably previosly frozen since crawfish season is many months away, but even with these lowered expectations I was disappointed. The size of each crawfish was great, but the taste was just not good. There was not a lot of flavor in the meat (maybe because my tongue is recoiling from the saltiness of the corn?) and I could definitely taste that the little guys were not fresh. The meat was not bouncy and clung a lot to the shell, and definitely develops the taste of frozen-then-thawed seafood taste that you can find in frozen snow crab legs from supermarkets. I should preface this with the fact that I have had crawfish before and knew what to expect.
Just on its own, the taste of the crawfish was probably closer to 2.5. However, after I started eating it, I felt sick to my stomach and threw up in the bathroom. Did not finish my bag. Today is now day 2 and I have thrown up 3 more times since eating this meal. I usually have a really strong stomach and have never had food poisoning before, but this seems to do the trick. 
TLDR: Had low expectations going in, was disappointed, got food poisoning(?). The price was good (4.99/lb of crawfish) but I would definitely think twice before getting the crawfish during off season. The only reason I didn't rate this 1/5 was because the turkey neck was so darn good. However I couldn't finish that either because my stomach had started to turn.Pros
Food is delicious I ordered the snow crab Dungeness crab and crawfish and shrimp.. The shrimp was large sizes and also ordered  An Asian broccoli and shrimp. The deep fried shrimp was also delicious. They serve beer as well and it took about 10 minutes to order it usually busy.
Cons
 Location is under the 10 freeway in a gentrified area formerly the hood. The seating arrangement is not appealing and the people eating before you I have to clean the table themselves usually leaving all sorts of juices from the food and very unsanitary.  The worst thing about this place was the bathroom it was disgusting you couldn't even go into the men's bathroom without wanting to throw up the urinal not functioning overflowed with year in the toilet not functioning overflowed with poop and just simply disgusting floors what is wrong with the owners here? Do you not understand that this is unsafe? You should be shut down.Was looking for a good crawfish place and came to this one thanks to fellow Yelpers.  This place as mentioned by another yelper does look intimating from outside but food is universal for it only speaks one language and that is YUM!!!!! 
Folks inside this joint is quick, they get you going in a few seconds leaving you plenty of time to get your hands dirty full of that delicious boil sauce.  We ordered 5lbs to taste because we were food hopping and have to save room for another joint.
The first bite was delicious, what can I say for these folks knows how to add flavor to these mud bugs to make me want more.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone but get ready to get down and dirty cause it's gonna messy up in there!!Crawfish, turkey neck, meat pie, Crawfish pie, potato sausage. Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum YumThe food here is kind of... well..... tooooo causal. Just a bunch of seafood........then that's it.....The five stars is for the amazing Cajun sauce. It was just so perfectly flavorful and spicy. I actually only ate one crawfish, but it tasted very fresh. The corn on the cob drenched in the Cajun sauce was also very incredible. It was very, very difficult to eat the crabs, and I'm typically adept at getting meat out of crab shells. I wasn't even able to get any meat out. The shrimp pasta had very good garlicky flavoring, but the pasta was very overcooked.Fabulous food and not expensive (especially compared to the rest of Nola). 
The food comes in plastic bags which just adds to the flair!Food was ok...place got packed quick! Had the catfish and fried rice plate. Came with a piece of stale, hard bread. Kids on bikes block front door begging for food (which we later saw go into town Nike store). Lots of guys on dirt bikes across the street so you'll hear all the noise.So much hype from this place. Coming from Houston I heard a lot of positive things from this place from my coworkers telling me that this is THE place to get crawfish at. The number one, numero uno. So of course me and my girlfriend was anticipating going here that we skipped going to cafe du monde and Deanies to stop by.
We pulled up and it had the same vibe that Lotus Seafood had. Skinny ass parking spots that are life and death situations to park in due to traffic and tedious if you got a bigger vehicle. Inside they're was flies everywhere so off top I knew I didn't want to eat in there. Staff was cool no one was disrespectful and they even allowed us to try out one of the crawfish.
Tried one of them and it was pretty good, so we ordered six pounds. They scooped it from their cooler and first thing I notice that there wasn't any juice. Me and my girlfriend love our crawfish juicy and hot with plenty of juice. Secondly it wasn't freshly prepared hence why it ain't take too long for it to cook. We went home and ate and it was good but definitely boosted. LA and Hanks Crawfish in Houston beats this. The other seafood entrees looked good though.Authentic Nola experience
Excellent local food. Delicious flavors.
Yummy crawfish!!!!Take the road less travelled and venture out to Treme for a bevy of choices in Cajun seafood. We got a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, corn the Cobb, pigs feet and gumbo including drinks all for $35. You can't beat the price or taste of this place!Based on the below reviews I thought I'd stop by to check out the seafood.  Despite the poor status of this year's crawfish season I needed my fix, and was willing to brave high prices and small mudbugs to get it.  This seemed like as good a spot as any other located near the FQ.
Cajun Seafood is on N. Claiborn near Esplanade, near the interstate.  There's a few parking spots between the building and the street, so you don't have to search around for street parking.  As you walk into the establishment to the right there are freezers with fresh seafood for sale - various sizes of shrimp, catfish, etc.  I didn't buy any of those, so I can't comment on the quality, though they did seem reasonably priced as compared to Rouses.  To your left there are a couple of tables and chairs set up for dining.
As you walk past the freezers you'll get to the cooked foods portion of the store, which is what had brought me in.  I bought some boiled crawfish, priced at about $4 a pound.  Given the state of this year's crawfish season this is reasonable.  I also tried the boiled shrimp and two links of boudin.  The crawfish is OK.  I didn't get too many dead ones, but there wasn't a whole lot of spice to them.  It was a tad on the bland side for my tastes, as I didn't get too much of a kick even after sucking the heads.  The boiled shrimp was only OK too.  It seemed overcooked, difficult to peel, and also not strongly flavored.  They offer crawfish and pork boudin.  I tried the pork, and it's horrible.  The casing is thin but not crispy.  There's way to much rice for the amount of pork, and it's all gummy.  Hardly any spice at all to speak of.  Don't get boudin here.  My search for good boudin in New Orleans will continue. 
They also sell a couple of chinese dishes, poboys, fried chicken, etc.  But I didn't try any of those.A New Orleans must try. Don't expect a fancy venue but you can definitely expect delicious flavor and savory options. They have crawfish, pig feet, corn, crab, potatoes and much more. It is sold by the pound and all with a spicy Cajun flavor.Great place to grab a bag of crawfish with all the fixin's!I was really craving crawfish and after After reading all the reviews I decided to give this place a try. I am glad I did. The crawfish are big and spicy!I joined yelp because of this place.  Best price on crawfish and shrimp in New Orleans.  But thats not why I joined yelp to write this review.  
I ATE THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS OF MY ENTIRE LIFE HERE!!!
No joke.  They were perfect.  There is no way to describe them.
This place is called cajun seafood, and seafood they have, crab, shrimp, crawfish, etc, but they also have po boy sandwhiches and chinese food.  This place is pure gold.  I'd give it 6 stars if I could!all the patrons appeared to be locals. crawfish tasted fresh. they have unique items like pigs feet. nice flavor to the seafood but woulda been nice to have a choice of spiciness level. burgers/sandwiches were just ok, and took a long time. but for the price (i was shocked how cheap it was actually) and the convenience, this place is great. wish we had something like this back home in the bay area.Boiled fresh crawfish $6.99 per pound vs. boiled frozen crawfish at $4.99 per pound: go for the fresh crawfish. It is still early in crawfish season but there were a couple of pretty good-sized crawdads in the 1/2 pound bag I got along with 1/2 pound of shrimp, plus a potato and corn - all for about $11 including tax. There was also a selection of Chinese hot food there like fried rice, fried noodles, and bell pepper chicken as well as boiled crab, turkey necks, and sausage but I was on a mission for seafood boil.
The food here is strictly to go so I took it back to the hostel where I was staying and sat down to peel and eat. It was wonderfully messy, still hot and spicy. Both the mud bugs and the shrimp were very flavorful although the shrimp was a bit salty for my taste and the meal made my nose run but it was totally worth it. One of the neighborhood cats snagged a crawfish tail I had dropped on the ground under the picnic table and seemed to enjoy it as much as I did.
I wish I had discovered this business on previous visits but now that I have, it is yet another reason to return to New Orleans on future trips. I only wish they gave you some napkins, paper towels, or even moist towlettes so you end up eating this fine food and not wearing it.
Just writing about the memory of lunch is making me salivate and thinking about dinner already and it's not even 4:00 in the afternoon.The seafood was great! The gumbo I had was better than some I've had at restaurants in the French Quarter. And the prices are cheap!Best seafood in New Orleans. EVERY TIME, I come to nola, I always get a shrimp poboy, boiled shrimp, turkey necks, corn, and chicken. Not in the best part of town, so keep your eyes open. Mind your business, and you'll be fine!I'm no local. But it was destiny to end up trying this place. We were in New Orleans for 5 nights and stayed at the Crescent Palms Motel down the street (wrote a review on that). We walked around the area a bit the morning after our arrival and happened to end up at the Liquor Store across the street from here (my head hurt and we needed water too). We saw this place and it wasn't very loud in appearance so we nearly missed it.
BF noticed it and said "let's make sure we try this place," but said it so casually.
Next day we are in the room and I'm yelping to see places to eat near us. I see this place. "5 stars? Wow!" I read through the reviews and man, oh man, everyone loves it here. Alright, alright, now we HAVE to try it.
Yelpers, your reviews make impacts! But know they also raise expectations.
Anyway, we show up on a Sunday. It was packed! And it's not even a place to sit and eat, you buy and gtfo.
We ordered Crawfish, Corn, Potatoes, and Crab Legs. 
Oh-my-goodness. I'm salivating just remembering that flavor.
If I go back to Nola, i'm going back to this spot for SURE.
NON SPICY EATERS: Caution, that Crawfish is definitely got a delicious but hard kick of spices. Eat with caution, but DO EAT, omg they're amazing.
Also, don't forget to pair your Cajun Seafood with their local beer! YUUUUMMYThe food was amazing! Authentic, delicious crawfish! This is a very small, local eatery, but the food is worth the short drive from the high-priced, touristy fare in the French quarter. It is only take-out so be aware. If you're in New Orleans, stop and try some wonderful Cajun seafood! Thank you yelp for helping us dine better!Amazing, fresh, Cajun seafood!! This is the Mecca of true New Orleans food you hear all about. The prices are reasonable and the portion sizes are HUGE! My friends and I were in town and desperate for real NOLA cajun food. After several disappointing tourist joints that claimed to serve true Cajun food, we decided to ask the locals where they go to get their fix. We were told to go here and were delighted with what we received -you could say we ordered the entire menu. One of my friends ordered a half pound of shrimp, crab legs, corn and a crawfish patty. My other friend and I ordered the special platter, which included fried oysters, shrimp, soft shell crab, Cajun fries, bread and a side salad. The seasoning on this food is impeccable and the seafood is so FRESH!! Don't let the location scare you away, the locals are incredibly friendly and the owners will hook you up. 10/10!This is one place that you must eat when you visit. It's a whole in the wall restaurant  and there's no tables but great place to grab crawfish and sit by the river and eat.I literally drive by this place on my scooter everyday and the spices finally had me stopping to try the food. I grabbed 10lbs of crawfish for an impromptu dinner with some friends. 
The service was great, very nice and friendly. The flavor and quality of the crawfish will have me going back. I'll just have to wait for the size and price ($5.99/lb) change.This place is all the yes for crawfish. Absolutely bustling on a Friday afternoon with a line of locals wrapped around the inside of the building and growing all the time. 
Super delightfully spicy crawfish with generous seasoning for $5/pound. Heck yeah! We demolished 5lbs, as well as a link of delicious sausage, super nice boiled corn, and a head of boiled garlic. $35 all told, including a couple of beers!
They were out of crabs already, which I was temporarily very sad about, until I watched them open up a fresh cooler of steaming, spicy crawfish. Always great to see a place do crawfish right; they need to steam and think about how delicious they are going to be for a while after they come out of the pot. They nailed it!
Don't forget to grab a tallboy while you're paying, you're going to need that beer to help with the spice! Don't go with nice beer, it's not the time or the place for it.. This is what Coors and Bud Light are for! Fancier brews will be drowned by the overpowering amazingness of the crawfish feast. 
There's no seating and no bathrooms, so just be aware of that ahead of time!This is a take out shop just outside the Uptown area.  I was thrilled to discover pig feet, huge shrimp and crawfish (which were a little small) The seasoning was spicy but not too much.  The shrimp was large and juicy.  Pig feet were off the hook. You definitely want to eat at home with some wipes and a cold beer or three!WARNING:  There is NO seating, BUT if you're looking for local, no-frills and AUTHENTIC grinds, THIS is the place.  Extensive menu of crab, crayfish, sausage, rice, turkey necks, corn, potatoes, etc. abound.  Take your feast home/picnic and make sure you have plenty of newspapers and paper towels...things are about to get SERIOUS!  Get in and get fat!The crawfish is cheap and DELICIOUS. It's so spicy I'm usually in tears by the time I'm done but I don't even care.My old college roommates and I were visiting for jazz fest and were on the hunt for some authentic New Orleans cuisine. Although the restaurant's location lacks visual appeal, their food was exactly what we were looking for.
We had ordered some crawfish, crabs, and tried their Asian-Cajun fusion fried rice and chicken. The taste was amazing and a bang for your buck - I highly recommend this place if your looking to grab some food to dowse with a nice cold beer.Came with some high expectations bc of mucous workers, the place was set up weird but the line of food that they had looked discounting no high standards at all juice all over the glass, I finally got my shrimp and shrimp po boy but my bread was real hard and dry nothing special on my visit food was decent and place looked dirtyWhere Asian and Cajun cooking meet
-crawfish boiled 
-pig feet
-turkey neck 
And many other itemsDon't let the area and the look of the place fool you!!! It's a gem!! The gumbo is SOOOOOOO good! And the boiled shrimp and crawfish are too!! I also tried the fried and grilled shrimp po boys!! They are like no other!!!! You HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE!! The prices are great!!We ordered several items. Crab poo boy, chicken fingers... it was hot but a few of us got sick. Not sure if it was the food or not. But the place was in a very shady location for tourists.  Won't be backOn my visit to Nola I said I wanted to go where the locals go and it didn't get any more local than this! 
This place was great!!!
I had the fried turkey legs which were golden fried and had a hint of heat too them!!! I also got the turkey necks which were used to season the seafood boil! I would recommend both of these items. They also have Chinese food items that you can get. Let's not forget you can also by liquor at this spot. Told you it was a local spot. 
The crawfish and shrimp were great just what you expect when in big easy seasoned to perfection. You order the items separately and they put them in a plastic bag. Making these items perfect for sharing.Fast, cheap, and delicious. 
I was here 4 years ago and came back last night to relive some great gastronomical memories. 
2 pounds of crawfish and a large corona (with salt and lemons, yumm) later and I was a very happy gal. The crawfish is so well seasoned and the seasoning is so addicting you wont even realize that you've just peeled 300 of those suckers til you lose your last one in the carcass pile. Rest in peace you slippery last crawfish.Everything you read in the other reviews is true, this is in a sketchier part of town and the parking can be a little tricky ( we parked around the corner, so not far at all). We went at 2pm and there was about a 10 mins wait on a Sunday( again not horrible and the food is worth the wait). This is a pay an go, since there is no seating. But let's get down to business, the food.... OH MY GOODNESS YES!!! So happy we went off the beaten path for this! Cheap food, very flavorful, great spice! I got a pound of crawfish for 4.99, Shrimp and sausage. If you want AMAZING food that is cheap and full of flavor- this is the place!Tried crawfish for the first time and liked it! Wasn't a fan of bags for my food, would've preferred to have platters but food was yummy!!Only got the gumbo to go since there is no seating.  It tastes very good.  Has some god zing for sure!!!If you're broke, but want some good seafood while you're down in New Orleans, this place is for you. Even if you're not broke, this place is worth going for the experience and the food. What they lack in plates, seating, and general restrauntyness, they make up for with flavor and authenticity. There's no false pretenses here, they give you exactly what you came here for, and nothing else...Cajun Seafood. Well I guess the boiled pigs foot in a plastic bag was a surprise.Insanely cheap. Its very boiling crab esque if ur from cali and wondering how this compares...Its not as saucy like BC but its good cuz you can taste the seafood for its freshness and its twice as fresh. I didnt feel it was super spicy, but everyone else thought it was.
If ur in the NOLA, you def gotta check this place out for tons of cheap seafood.I went here due to all the great reviews. I was pretty disappointed. Not only was the line extremely long, but they were not selling garlic or mushrooms. im not sure if they typically do or not. the crawfish was rather small and overboiled however it was seasoned pretty well. The potatoes were also overcooked and mushy and not your typical smaller red potatoes you find in a crawfish boil. The sausage was TERRIBLE it tasted like breakfast sausage which really irritated me considering I was expecting andouille or smoked sausage. I won't be going back here.Cheap, tons of food for the money (especially fried catfish).  Kind of  a diamond in the rough, in a weird spot but worth the drive.  Fries need salt, fried shrimp not completely shelled, but thats only a minor annoyance.$4.99/lb of crawfish!
When I visited NOLA, I came here twice within a 24 hour period. This place is mad legit.
I grew up in Texas and my family had crawfish boils several times a year. And when I saw crawfish boil, I mean 30+ pounds of crawfish served. So I know the difference between mediocre crawfish and great crawfish.
The crawfish here is amazingly fresh. Now that I live in California, I can't find decent crawfish anywhere. The crawfish in CA is previously frozen and I can tell. The crawfish at Cajun Seafood is so fresh. Once you come here, you will never be able to go anywhere else again. The Louisiana seasoning is out of this world. This place is not pretentious at all which is another reason why I love this place.We went here solely to try some crawfish boil as crawfish wasn't readily available at the time of our trip (we went mid July).
It was very cheap to get a bag of spicy boiled crawfish ($4.99 per pound). Can't say for sure if this really is fresh louisiana crawfish or if its the best crawfish around as its the only place we found selling it at the time, but it was definitely really tasty and a great bang for your buck.
Would for sure come again if back in NOLA.I'm from Chicago and this is always the first stop when we go to New Orleans. I can't wait to return in June 2017.Suuuuuuuuuuuuper spicy.
This place was everything I expected from a boil.
There was a long line that circled in the center like a snail. Lol, they have so many orders they store their cooked crawfish in a cooler!
We ordered 
Crab spicy. Over cooked. I didn't eat much of it
Crawfish spicy for the most part a little over cooked but I ate those little suckers
Turkey neck not spicy tender and deli!
Corn spicy I wish they had a butter option. But nice and tender.The best seafood boil hands down. I visited both locations(this one is on Broadway and the other is on Claiborne) during my trip to New Orleans. If you like The Boiling Crab, you'll love Cajuns, it's so flavorful minus the mess. The meat itself is seasoned well. I had the crawfish, crab legs, shrimp and corn. My cousin ate the turkey neck and couldn't stop smacking. I heard the locals asking for one from the bottom, so we asked for the same. I guess the ones on the bottom have had more time to marinate so they taste even better. The only downfall for this location is that there is no seating so it kind of sucks to have to drive back to the hotel to eat. Can't wait to go back to New Orleans just to eat at Cajuns!This place is amazing... It was recommended to me as the best place to get a Po-Boy in New Orleans and they were right. For less than $25 I got two 12" - catfish and oysters - dressed, and they were equally delicious. If you are visiting the area, like I am, you absolutely must go here for a Po-Boy.Decent seafood, but honestly, I've had better crawfish in Houston.
My family and I ordered 10 lbs of crawfish ($3.49..holy crap so cheap!), a pound of shrimp, corn, and potatoes. Crawfish tasted good at first but soon became bland after a pound or two. The shimp were huge but mushy, a definite indicator that they weren't fresh. They were pretty salty and spicy too. Corn and potatoes were good, but nothing to brag about.
There's no where to sit. We had to take all of the seafood back to the hotel and eat it on the balcony because we didn't want our rooms to smell. I wish they would put a couple of tables and chairs in the huge empty space they have.Maybe I didn't enjoy this place because we didn't come during crawfish season? Came in December (but everyone was saying the season started early) expecting great, cheap things.
We ordered shrimp and crawfish. The flavor was there, but the meat was super overcooked and dry, which made me think it'd been sitting in that hot water for a couple of days. And we though it'd be like $4-5 a pound, but it was more like $8-9 (did we get ripped off for being out of towners? who knows). For that price I could get the same thing (or better) in California!I really like everything this store offers. It's such a no fuss restaurant that serves up seafood boil's. Chinese takeout food, Hamburgers and sandwiches. I'm not from here so I was most excited for their crawfish. Holy smokes this place is legit!!! They only have one flavor, the Cajun style unlike NYC where they offer 4-5 different flavors. The spice level is spicy!!! When you first eat it , it packs a punch and hits you in the face but after a while you get used to the spicyness. I ordered potatoes and corn with my crawfish and it makes a great meal. 1 and 1/2 pound of crawfish is a good amount for one person. For the heck of it I ordered a turkey wing and it was good but kinda dry and not crispy enough. I'd pass on that next time. The teriyaki wings are the bomb when they're fresh as well as the gumbo. The gumbo is thick and super flavorful. And it has crab, sausage and some chicken. Overall I really like this place but I'm kinda sad there's no tables here but it's okay. We brought the food back to our hotel to munch on. We also went to the Claiborne Cajun seafood but this place was more fresh in our opinion. Great eats!Stop by here on my trip to NOLA for some crawfish. Spicy but man it was tasty. Would definitely hit this spot again the next time i'm in town. I bought a bag of crawfish, corn and a sausage. I would skip the sausage next time, corn and crawfish was really tasty.Cajun Seafood is a great stop if you were in want of good seafood but in a rush. The food is already cooked and you, the customer, just need to pick which one you want and how much (they measure by the pound).
It is a small place that can be best described as a seafood fast food/liquor store/7-11 type. It is very nondescript and can be easily missed if you are driving by and not paying attention. Once inside, do everyone a favor and try to make up your mind right away. The store is small and can get crowded pretty quickly, so do try not to hold up the line. The service is quick and no-nonsense.
If you want good seafood, Cajun Seafood is not a bad place to go to.Great stuff, huge portions, can't go wrong with the special plate and split it with someone.The food is incredible!
The location and curb appeal may be a little off-putting to some, but don't let that fool you! Once you walk into the place, which is for takeout not sit down, the aroma fills your nose and your stomach will growl in anticipation.
The spice on the crawfish and crabs is so delicious and spicy that I cannot get enough of it. Their oyster po boy and soft shell crab po boy are wonderful! I was surprised that there were two soft shell crabs in just one sandwich. The flavors are nice and fills your stomach with joy.
The price isn't too bad either! Affordable and delicious. Who doesn't want that?
Definitely coming back the next time I visit New Orleans!Dear New Orleans Tourists:
Welcome to our city! I hope you are having a great time, but I need to tell you a few things about crawfish, as someone who eats it at least twice weekly during the season. 
1. $7.99/lb is not a good price for crawfish, even when they are not in season (and I know sometimes you can't control when you come here, and you want to try crawfish, but just know this is not a good deal, and out of season crawfish are not nearly as good as they should be)
2. $4.99/lb is about normal for the fringes of crawfish season, but it's still not a great price. I usually try to wait until they're at least in the $3 range, but we all get desperate. 
3. If you are not from here, all boiled seafood is going to taste salty and spicy to you. If you use that as a benchmark for your review, you're gonna have a bad time. (Granted, some places overdo it, but you have to expect most places to be generally salty and spicy. That's how you make it.)
Okay, that being said, my fianc and I couldn't wait any longer to have crawfish, so we headed a few blocks over to Cajun Seafood. I was hesitant, because their prices have been high in the past, but we were starving, and they are close. This time was no exception - $6.99/lb, where I am hearing the average is currently $4.34/lb. So buyer beware. 
Got them home, and they're small, but very tasty. We had some duds (mealy, inedible) in the batch, but not as many as I've gotten other places this time of year, so no big deal. I think their boil is lick-your-fingers tasty, but my fella said he thinks it's strangely sweet. (I have the sweet tooth in the family, so he's probably right)
Overall, this was a solid effort, but for the price and the long, non-moving line, I'll probably venture to a farther away place next time. Or just call first to see if their prices are remotely reasonable that day. Honestly, y'all, if we weren't just starving by the time I got there, I'd have driven somewhere else. I don't like to overpay for crawfish.This place was highly recommended from our professional tour guide Mr.Toney. I ordered crawfish, shrimp, red potatoes, sausage and corn on the cob. The corn on the cob was sweet and spicy... Yummy! I truly enjoyed the food at this place. The locals were friendly too with their uggs and booty shorts. The lady outside selling hot sweet potato pies was good to. Just make sure you have a ride there and back, lol oh and the pastor with the loud speakers out side was very entertaining.One of the best bang for your buck locations Cajun Seafood is not your chain restaurant seafood.  They have a random Chinese buffet and some which might have only been random to me since I was not a local.  But let me tell you the seafood is where it's at. I had the crawfish, large shrimp, potatoes, and corn boil style.. so good! They also have many other things to try like soft shel crab, crab legs, turkey neck, and general tsos chicken. I mean it's a great place to take your kids if you wanna eat some crawfish and they are pickysupppper gooooooood! Crawfish and shrimp are nice and a little spicy, fried rice is delicious as well!Excellent seafood. Recommended! I had the crab legs, shrimp and crawfish and they season and marinate so well!I've come here many times. This particular day I didn't want seafood I just wanted some chicken and shrimp fried rice. Chicken wings are cooked to order so they were hot & tasty. The shrimp fried rice was good it had egg in it which other spots charge extra for and a decent amount of shrimp and for 6.99 it can't be beat. Winner winner Chicken Dinner!The line in front of this place speaks volumes.  I visited New Orleans with a couple of buddies for March Madness and picked up 30 lbs of crawfish, corn, and potatoes.
The crawfish had a great spiciness to it and it all went down smooth with some cold beer.  I thought the spice was perfect, but I could see how it might be too much for some.
No frills great food.For what it is, it was alright, maybe I didn't order the right things. This is a grocery and get your food and go eat elsewhere place. 
The crawfish meat pie was incredible and wish that is all I ordered.  The crawfish boudin is odd if you have never eaten one before, but full of flavors, just don't eat casing unless you are into that. 
The seafood pasta was dry and not eatable.  The general chicken. Was also dry and tasteless.Great stop for boiled seafood- crawfish were spicy and delicious. Line moves quickly, definitely want to grab some crabs and turkey necks next timeFood was great! Just know it is carryout only. We're from out of town so we were expecting to sit and eat.You can't be the boiled seafood at this place.  It has been around since I was a teenager and has only improved over the years.THE CRAB LEGS, sausage, and corn were amazing! My only cons were they way you have to order, and the potatoes when we ordered them we're horrible because it sat in the juices so long. They have everything already made which makes it easier but I think it would be even better if the food was hot. But it was really good other wise.For Tourist:  This is a large seafood store where locals mainly pick up food to go. However, they do have tables if you want to sit and eat, no table service.  A wide variety  of fresh, boiled and fried seafood, chances are Cajun's has what your looking for.  1st, their Gumbo is some of the best in the city.  It's made very close to how locals make it at home..  Not restaurant style with mostly okra and stewed tomatoes.
At Cajun's you will find a nice brown roux, plenty of shrimp, crab, hot and smoke sausage.  2nd. Their PoBoys' sandwiches have generous amounts of seafood or meats on them.  The fried shrimp w/ lettuce, tomato, pickle, hot sauce and ketchup and light mayo. Yumm.  As a seafood shop, they sell plenty of fresh seafood, the boiled crawfish and crab are well seasoned but not too spicy. Cajun's will give u a nice taste of New Orleans seafood.A "secret" local take-out retail seafood restaurant in NOLA. They usually do not have place to sit down or hang out. You need to order and carry to go. The seafood is so good and fresh. Most important, it is way cheaper than these restaurants in French Quarter or central city. The location is not that convenient, it will take a while to get these locations.The food is awesome !!! Best crawfish I ever tried. There is no place to sit,  but still recommend this restaurant.A little pricey but the seafood is soo good. Customer service is A1. I will definitely go back soon.Just had a shrimp po -boy it was delicious i hadnt had a good one in a long time this one was great !!! Plenty shrimp yummy 5 stars in my book!!!!!!On a recent week-long visit to NOLA to help a relative set up a new household there, we took out food from Cajun Seafood for lunch three times. It's take-out only, and the parking can be a bit challenging at the lunch-time peak, and you may have to wait a few minutes for your food to come out, but man, the food is so good. We had their small (12 inch) po-boy sandwiches, dressed (with pickles, mayo, lettuce, and tomato). Nice, crusty bread, and ample filling. We had the shrimp and the catfish. Both were lightly breaded with an ever-so-slightly spicy breading, and fried quickly so the outside was done and the inside was still quite moist. 
As I mentioned, we had the small / 12 inch po-boys, and finished them, but it is a lot to eat for lunch, so I might split a small / 12 inch and get one of their side dishes next time.
I can't think of anything that could be done to improve their po-boys, and we'll certainly be taking out from there when we next visit NOLA, and sampling their other offerings. So Good!I couldn't have asked for a better first taste of New Orleans. And by taste, I mean that we ordered pretty much everything on the menu. A friend and I were staying at the Crescent Palms across the way, and the manager recommended to check this place out. We were famished after our commute from LA, and we might have been a bit overzealous as we ordered. Between he and I, we split two po' boys (shrimp and oyster), a catfish plate, chicken wings, a pound of crawfish, two turkey necks, and a crawfish pie. Yup.
Since there's no seating, we brought the food back to the motel, laid it out on a nightstand, and turned our beds into makeshift seating. Despite the ghetto setup, I felt like I was dining in luxury. It was glorious. And definitely gluttonous. A po' boy by itself is enough for a meal since they pack it with so much seafood goodness. The catfish was abundant, moist, and not overly seasoned or breaded. The crawfish pie was perfect with its flaky dough and savory, meaty filling. The turkey neck was fun to gnaw on. Surprisingly, there's a good amount of dark meat on it. It is a bit more game-y though.
If you can only try one item, I'd recommend the shrimp po' boy. Douse it in some Crystal and you're set!You know the Soup Nazi episode on Seinfeld? Imagine it with boiled seafood. This place was pretty much exactly what we were looking for. We got a giant bag of hot and spicy crawfish for cheap ($4.99/lb.) 
We tried to order something for our kids (who are kids and can't do real spicy) and they had nothing. We tried to ask if they had anything that wasn't spicy and neither of the staff we asked were friendly or helpful. They looked at us like we were speaking a foreign language. (Which, I get it. It's a spicy cajun joint. But if there isn't anything for the kids, then just tell me. Don't be a dick about it.) The neighborhood was scary and I got the impression that we stuck out like a sour thumb among the locals. But, seriously. If you want to eat good, go where there is a long line of locals. They know.
We took our bag of goodies and a couple cookie sheets to a nearby park. We sat and picked happily till we found ourselves staring at a mountain of crawdad carnage. We fished through the remnants in the liquid at the bottle of the bag before conceding to the fact that all five pounds were gone. 
I'm from MN and may very well never make it back there. But I can die happy knowing that I experienced this wonderful meal.Everytime that I come to Nola this place is a must. Best crawfish ever as well as the seafood gumbo. Love the boiled Turkey necks and fried turkey wings. The price can't be beat.This location is one of the busier ones, with it being at the corner of a busy intersection so expect long lines. I've ordered po boys from here a few times and there nothing I would go out of my way to get but decent nonetheless. Boiled seafood is the star of the show here. Snow crab is always good, shrimp as well and crawfish is hit or miss.My favourite Crawfish place in NOLA! There are two Cajun Seafood in New Orleans. I went to both and I prefer this one. Their boiled seafood is less salty and has more flavors. One thing to mention is that they have no seats at all. The other one has some seats so you can sit down. What we did is that we took uber and picked up order and enjoy it in the balcony of our hotel, yes, in French Quarter. People walking by keep asking where we got our seafood from. :PI was visiting NOLA for the weekend and every Uber driver I asked for a place with good boiled crawfish, they referred to Cajun Seafood. I have been coming to New Orleans several times a year for almost 10 years. I wish I would have found this place sooner. Great prices. Great food. One of the best boiled seafood restaurants I have ever been to, and being from Texas I eat a lot of seafood. The Crawfish has the perfect amount of spice and a great flavor. It's actually soaked because the flavor is on the inside not just sprinkled on the shell like many places.
 Honestly good seafood, without the exorbitant price tag the popular, touristy restaurants demand. This is good, hot food and not the inflated price. Can't describe how good it was. I'll be back!Little whole in the wall. I had to uber to get there but it was very good. Went to the park and just sat and ate.Read all the positive reviews and was looking forward to it. My plan was to rent a car on my last day in New Orleans and pick up some crawfish on my way to Houston. 
Was the one first there (big mistake?) at 10:30am right when they opened. Asked if the crawfish were freshly boiled and the answer was affirmative. Got 3 lbs, 2crabs and fried rice with two entrees to go. As mentioned by others already it is a strictly takeout place with not a single table. 
The price of $7/lb in an off location in a semi-supermarket setting is not on the cheap side, though I won't say expensive either. However about 20% of the crawfish heads had fallen off, raising a huge flag regarding their freshness. Quite a few of them were squashed, or tasted mushy. They were a bit too spicy for my taste too. I do not like my seafood to be too spicy. Restaurants like to jack up the spicy level or deep fried their seafood if they are not of the highest quality. 
The fried rice was yellowish. The yellow color should normally be from the egg, but not in this case. It is also ultra sweet. Yes sweet fried rice - a first for me.Every order is made fresh and they have sooooooo many options to choose from on their menu. They also have a large selection of fresh seafood too. If you are a fan a po boys this the place to be and be careful when choosing the size because they are massive!!!!We came by here to try out the boiled crawfish at $4.99 lb . They were pretty good and hot and good size mixup too. The crawfish pies are very good here. Asians run this place and do good service!I usually go here for my crawfish. It's some of the best in the area, but it's also more expensive than other places.  I paid $4.99 lb for my crawfish and it's $4.49 lb other places right now and I am sure I can find it even cheaper than that.  It is really good though. I don't always mind paying it. I just don't get as much.   
I am usually just in and out. It's not in the best area of town and there is always many people hanging out in the front.  I had a guy offer to buy my crawfish with his food stamp card in exchange for money, but owner put a quick stop to that. I don't go here with cash EVER. 
This place is constantly busy.  They have great boiled seafood here and the lines reflect that.This place is small and is take out only but the prices are low (some are based on market prices) and you get hit with that seafood smell before you even walk in the door. This is the perfect place to go when you spontaneously crave seafood and don't feel like doing the typical restaurant dining thing. They have everything from raw and boiled seafood to poboys to Ya-Ka-Mein. 
I have been going here for years because it is quick and convenient. I love the grilled shrimp poboy, but I also like getting whole shrimp by the pound here. They have several sizes of shrimp and I have never been disappointed.The best crawfish and boiled seafood in town! Purged well & good flavor Obviously the best time to get it is during the spring when it's in season The fried seafood is subpar as it seems like they use baking soda or something in their batter. The best fried seafood is definitely at Castnet in N.O East
#Born&RaisedNThaN.OHorrible. I have been here a number of times hoping for better service, and continues to disappoint. 30 minutes to get a sandwich or anything else seems extreme. This neighborhood is making a comeback and this business is not keeping up.I wish I was in New Orleans right now. The food is so damn good its my first stop every time. I will be back in May. Damn... the food will make you sing.Not a fan.  We got a bag of boiled crawfish and prawns. Both were very salty with not a lot of flavor and spice. Neither tasted particularly fresh.Compared these crawfish to other restaurants that my friends ordered from while we were there and cajun seafood's crawfishes were definitely better by a long shot! The seasoning was great and really spicy. I didn't like crawfish until I had some of there's !Great food and low price. I went there twice in 2 days. Crawfish, shrimp, and crab legs are my favorite with reasonable price.This place has the best prices for boiled crawfish! Also the best tasting crawfish that I have had in the city. Spicy and boiled to perfection. Take it to go, or eat inside.