There is a reviewer here who said the place smelled like urine. 
They were absolutely correct. And I was sure he/she was lying or delusional. After all, they were the only non 5-star review. 
I walked in here today, during the downpour that preceded the Endymion parade. 
I only got 2 feet inside the door before I smelled it.  I had to turn around and walk out. Taste is a combination of smell and the taste buds and the food might actually be super-fantastic. But the idea of that smell making its way onto my taste buds was a turnoff.A small place with decent food and drink.  As much locals as otherwise, which may be rare in the area.  Prices are decent, and service was friendly.Total smokey dive bar but you can't beat the prices and the fried oysters are some of the best in the city! And yes the restroom is clean!For a dive bar with food this is a decent place if you want a bite on the cheap.  However my gumbo was a bit on the bland side, it was filling yes, but delicious no.  With all of the amazing places in NOLA this is maybe a "miss it" scenario to me.  The bartenders were very friendly and perhaps I would have given more stars if it weren't for the mediocre food options.The bartender Amanda is the reason this is my favorite bar in the CBD. Every time I come in she provides me with exceptional service. Dive bar with 5 star service, perfect spot.Came looking for some good beer and fast foot and was quite suprised. Very nice people and delicious food. Definitely a lot of locals but they were all super friendly. Would come back again.Had a groupon for sandwiches and beer. The service was decent, as was their beer list. The po-boys we ordered were pretty good. The fried oyster one was especially good. They have sports channels playing so it's a nice sports bar with tasty food.Excellent little hole in the wall bar with outstanding food. Gumbo was out of this world! Pleasant, quiet and comfortable break from the typical local scene. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try.Tiny dive bar I would have never thought to eat at but thank god for yelp.  Ending up coming here 3 times on our last trip as an easy meal when we didn't have any plans or our plans fell though....never failed us. Alligator sausage poboy was amazing with tons of flavor.  Shrimp poboy was very good as well.  Good onion rings.Love this place so much!!! Super great service. Mel is the shit. Let her take a selfish!We just walked in and and then left after getting one draft beer.  Yelp has this place listed as a top 10 local bar but we were completely disappointed and pissed off at the brunette bartender.  We asked for a menu with a smile on our face and she looked at us like a total b:/ch.  This place has potential as a great local dive bar but the the business will definitely suffer with her pulling drafts and crappy stares at her patrons.Had possibly the worst burger I've ever had in my life last night from Cajun Mike's. It was incinerated. Left a black charcoal taste in my mouth. The bacon had to have been deep fried as it was all curled up and tasted like fryer grease. I shouldve sent it back but just let it go. The bartender who was from Boston was the saving grace. She was most hospitable.Best red beans and rice (with andouille sausage) in all of NoLa! What a find! This is my required first and last top (from and to airport) every time I visit this awesome city for red beans and rice.Was told by everyone to go here so I did twice!  Only to be forced out by the thick cigarette smoke.  Disgusting place. Never even got a chance to order it was that bad.  If you want to smell like smoke and like your drinks and food to taste like smoke it's your kinda place.Real friendly staff, nice beer selection on tap and some good ol' New Orleans bar food. And the bathrooms were even clean too.Cheerful and fast bartender up front. Sandwich savant in the back. What's not to like? Highly recommended if you want a pint and a bite to eat.I loved every second a spent here. Great prices, good cold beer, awesome food! The gumbo was killer, po boys were awesome. This place was the best hangover cure a girl could ask for. Will definitely be a must-stop on our next trip to New Orleans! Everyone looked at us funny when we walked in (I guess we looked kinda touristy), but after some good conversation with the locals we were welcomed with open arms. Awesome, awesome find.Such a great place!  Did a boudin ball, crawfish kicker, onion ring & mozzarella stick sampler.  Can honestly say I liked it better than my $50 steak dinner the night before.  Dive bar doesn't begin to cover it but the people there are great :)GROUPONED a coupon $20 only $13 dive bar with sweet twig of server. She was so tiny and nice! Her dog Paco was amazing and loved some butt scratches! Very well mannered and never came outside to visit unless was walking outside when invited by bartender. The laziest/sweetest pit I've seen! Anyways food was so good never had a boudin ball but omg so flavorful! Had some of the best food on our trip here and cost us $13 for Groupon and $10 for left over bill and tip! Was soooo good.A fun atmosphere with really good and cheap food right off canal street. Drink prices are the lowest in the area. This is a dive bar where cigarettes are smokedFriendly staff, great sandwiches, and cheap beer. What else could you want? Make sure to try the Cochon de lait, it's a decision you won't regret.I'm surprised this place is still in business.  Okay, it's a dive bar but stay away from the food.  My jambalaya app was dirty rice with one tiny chuck of sausage, one tiny chuck of shrimp, and a bunch of bay leaves to pick out.  Gumbo was nothing special.  The bartender was stuck serving the entire place but just couldn't keep up, overworked.  Order, drink refill, check took forever.  The only reason to come here is to mingle with friendly locals.Basic dive bar with standard prices for drinks.  Had the alligator sausage po' boy sandwich.  Very tasty and HUUUUGE!  Ended up giving the other half of my sandwich away as I couldn't eat it (definitely good for two).  Overall, an enjoyable place that did the job.The food is great, I can only boast about the food. Great great and great. However the men restroom is nasty, no soap in the restroom. No trash can neither. We had to ask the guy behind the bar for soap. Smh. But other than that, food great.I loved the alligator sausage po-boy and I may be the first person to try one while completely sober.  It was delicious, messy, and a little out of place in this crowded smokey bar.  The cajun mustard, pickles,and mayo greatly enhanced the sausage's flavor.It's not bad "Bar" food. The bartender was friendly and very social. She made sure our drinks were never low and mix her drinks rather well.solid poboys for a decent price and very competitive drink prices. not very much seating at the tables, and the bathrooms are so so so tiny. but service was quick and friendly, no frills/fuss. we pretty much all got shrimp poboys and a couple of beers, and they were delicious. was pretty crowded for such an odd hour. if you don't mind squeezing in a dark space with some friends, prepare to enjoy some funky music and good food.We ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo which was amazing, jambalaya, alligator sausage po-boy and spicy chicken sandwich. Everything was really good! The bill was only about $30! It was a great little lunch spot.After using this app for years and not reviewing anything, my horrible experience here required me to share this.  I just went into this bar and they denied my Canadian drivers' license as a valid ID.  They stated that because I was from another country I needed my passport, and suggested I was ignorant for not knowing the law.  I am 35 years old and actually went to this bar a couple nights before,  and numerous other bars on my visit and have not been asked for my passport.  Very poor customer service and won't be visiting again!Great service! Great food! Great prices! While visiting NOLA for a week this became our favorite spot on day 1, if you don't like dive bars this isn't for you but it's truly a hidden gem.Awesome little hole in the wall bar with friendly service. Prices are cheap and the food is great. Had the alligator sausage poboy and sweet potato fries. Excellent! Nice blend of locals and out of towners. Give it a try.Open late, serves food late. We came after a night on Bourbon. Fiance had the alligator sausage po boy and I had the gumbo. Both were great. Fiance said the po boy was one of the best sandwiches he'd ever had. I tried it and thought it was pretty damn good myself. Food was cheap and fast.Fun neighborhood sports bar that serves above average creole food at very good prices.  Located on the outskirts of CBD pretty close to Canal street, it's a great place to watch a sports game, a beer, and a bite to eat.  Mike himself was behind the bar when I ordered and he's really proud of the food and especially the gumbo, which is his family recipe and is made fresh every morning.  The Groupon I got was good for a drink and a sandwich, and there are a lot of different sandwich types and meats to choose from.  Besides the po' boys, they also have Cuban pressed sandwiches, burgers, Italian, and Muffalettas.  A variety of fillings, and they come with a side of fries and onion rings.  I had to order the gumbo too, which was very thick and tasty.  
Would come again, worth a visit for a casual meal.Food was solid but would not call it amazing. Prices however very reasonable and relaxed place.Food was quick and delicious. Nathan was very attentive and amazing ! Amanda was very welcoming and inviting!I freakin love this place and recommend it to everyone that goes to NOLA.  I wandered in one day when I got off the trolley car and was starving and although it is totally a divey sports bar the food is amazing. The Cochon de Lait po boy is mouth watering good and everytime I am in NOLA I make sure I go in and get one. Yum.Came back again before leaving new orleans and now I'm completely obsessed with their gator sausage Po'boy. It's amazing. You gotta put a few drops of crystal on it! The food is the best in new orleans, trust me, this is the only place I've gone to twice. I'll fly back from the northwest if it's just to eat here for a few days.Great po' boy and service during Mardi Gras. Very quick even with a crowd. They honored Groupon with no issues. The bar tender was very nice & efficient even though she was swamped.Lots of locals inside drinking up a storm.  Liked the chilled vibe and the shrimp po boy was good.  Cheap drinks, even better!  Took off 2 stars not because it was a dive (I expected that) but the gumbo I had made me sick all night.  It was mildly warm, the rice was crunchy and I couldn't keep food down for the next day.    I'd say it was something else I had but I only had a turkey sandwich earlier and felt fine until this meal.On again in my search god New Orleans best catfish  poboy. I ordered this one and the fish was good but the bread was NOT French bread so the fail at poboy and the sandwich was small and not much on it. I will order from them again just not the catfish poboyGreat new find in New Orleans. Amazing food. Alligator sausage poor boys, Garlic butter crab claws, the best gumbo and really reasonable pricing. The roast beef poor boy tasted just like mom's home made pot roast and gravy. And drink specials are the best around. Bartender Sammy was awesome. Great personality and fast service.
If you're looking for a laid back pub away from all the madness of Bourbon St. This is a great choice.
Food was so good that we stopped by for lunch before going home. Nathan the daytime bartender was just as friendly and attentive. We will definitely return to Cajun Mikes when visiting The Big Easy.Not sure why i don't get hungry during normal business hours like normal people, but i certainly love and appreciate places in my city that offer late night grubs, especially po boys! 
Stepped in one random night with every intent of trying that alligator po boy ( i LOVE gator). Is it weird that i have this mental thing about eating a dinosaur?? Dunno, but they're Triassic taste is one that this southerner loves! I really dig little dive bars like this although, downtown is a part of town i'm hardly caught in. 
The bartender, Amanda, was really cool, she sure knows how to compliment an old man such as myself, lol. I'm glad i gave this one a shot tho, it's good to know that i can snag a quality po boy at an off hour without having to go into the Quarter, praying to find parking and paying a few dollars more than what one should. I'll be around.Jazz fest weekend and there is only one bartender. She's good though. And so is the foodWent here for a quick bite before heading out for the night. The food was good and flavorful and very reasonably priced. We did do the yelp check in to get the $6 Bloody Mary and the bar tender looked at us like we were crazy...turns out when we bought another Bloody Mary they were only $5.50.  All in all it's a cute little bar with good food.Found the restaurant while perusing the streets and stopped in for a couple of po boys. Great food and atmosphere.Cajun Mike's is a local bar just outside the French Quarter. We tried both the oyster and catfish Po Boys. They were good, but not remarkable. Service is from the bar, so be prepared to wait on yourself.
If you're in the area it's worth a stop, but don't go out of your way.While the bartender/waitress did a good job of keeping our drinks filled and getting our food to us on time, she was crass, loud and obnoxious. I don't know what task the employee who sat at the end of the bar burping had, but it was clearly not greeter. 
One couple left without ordering, only to be obnoxiously pursued by staff to stay and then only to be trashed after they left. I wish we would have also left, because it's an hour of my life I will never get back. 
Food was okay. This is the last time I will listen to the local drunk at the streetcar stop about good places to try. I did, at least, check the reviews on Yelp to back up what the local was saying, and since the reviews were good, I thought it might be a big hit. 
Quite the contrary, it's a TOTAL LOSS.This is the worst place we could have picked tonight. We just left the Pink Floyd concert and we had the first round of drinks was great. We ordered 3 appetizers and went back to the bartender for round 2....Sasha is so messed up (drunk/high/hammered) that she can't remember how to make the drink she previously made. We decided to go ahead and just close out our tab and wait for out food. SASHA WAS EATING our food behind the bar!!! The cook made us new appetizers for free. I'll still never come back here. SASHA SUCKS!!!!A quaint little bar that serves up Cajun food.  Has a neighborhood bar feel to it and food isn't half bad.  Enjoyed the gumbo & boudin balls.  Menu is somewhat limited, a combination of Cajun and bar food.i was in nola twice in about a month & ate here both times. it is close to where i stayed & i liked it the first time so i went back. the cheeseburger is my go to. they have tv's & the bartenders were memorable & made the place for sure. very casual for sure.Dive bar with good po boys. I walked into this smokey hole-in-the-wall establishment expecting exactly what I received.. Smoke, (too) loud bad music & a good mix of patrons (a couple drunks, businessmen, college kids & a drifter).  
Do not go here if you are wanting wine or a hand-crafted cocktails.  Stick to the basics (all they have)- domestic beers & common cocktails served in plastic cups. 
The bartender was very cool.  She was friendly in a unpretentious & not "up-your-ass" kind of way.  I would give the service 5 stars. 
I asked what was the best on the menu.. Alligator sausage po boy.  It is not something I would normally order, but it was good!  But, halfway through eating the gentleman (using the term loosely) started chain-smoking, which killed my appetite. 
I got my check & it was only $20. Not bad for 2 cocktails, sandwich & fries!This review is for the food only and not the bar ambience. We opted for take out since we were traveling with a toddler. We ordered the catfish po boy, pressed chicken parmesan sandwich,  sweet potato fries and the jambalaya for a total of 23$ even. The bread they use for the sandwiches is too chewy and doesn't taste good.  The catfish po boy didn't have any flavor at all. The bread was so difficult to bite off the sandwich,  needed to get a saw to cut it off ;). The pressed chicken parmesan was bad too. It tasted like chicken tenders kept inside with no parmesan flavors.  Sweet potato fries were over fried and had a burnt taste. Of all these items, the 4$ appetizer - jambalaya stood out.  It was average,  I have had better ones. Since the remaining food was nasty,  this jambalaya tasted better.We went here because of the Yelp! reviews, and were not disappointed! Incredibly low prices, a GREAT sandwich and awesome fries. Gloria was a treasure, and knew her beers, and they had a couple of wonderful beers on tap. It's a local bar and very friendly. Had a great time.The bartender was so friggin awesome and friendly. The food is bad ass  and it is one of the best finds in New Orleans. Thank you for the awesome experience.Great small neighborhood bar with very good drinks. Perfect place for late night. Good jukebox too.Good food. Awesome bartender (Hannah). Not too crowded. Affordable prices, what more could you ask for (maybe a/c)Quick bite before vaca to NOLA was over & it did NOT disappoint, small bar w amazing bar food. Biggest portion appetizers ive actually ever had and the gumbo was the best!! Highly recommendTried this small local bar to taste a few local foods. We were quiet surprised how much we like the red beans and rice with sausage. Their jambalaya was very too too. Boudin and the sampler basket were ok. The bar tender took care of all 20 or so customers; she was even fun and friendly. Our dinner with 4 drinks cost less than $50.Driving from Phoenix to West Palm with a Teacup Chihuahua, Cajun Mike's was the first establishment along the way that allowed us both to hang out indoors together. Walking into a room of drunks always warms my transient heart..
Mary was in love with the chihuahua, I was in love with Paul, Paul was in love with Jager.. and Jager.. well.. Jager loves us all..
I got sloshed and woke up at a Shell gas station 30 miles outside New Orleans..
all things in tact...  car, wallet, money, chihuahua.. even some weird photos on my phone..
ONE WEEK LATER.. (on a Tuesday)
West Palm back to Phoenix I stop at Cajun Mike's again this time no pup. I eat red bean and rice 'soup' courtesy of  chef Joe. Hearty meal for the wanderer
Nathan, The Bartender.. made it difficult to leave. He kept blocking the door with his award winning smile and foggy San Francisco colored eyes.
I also met the new owner, Ray. Nice feller. Good luck with all that. Ill see ya soon.
I love New Orleans in its entirety and Cajun Mike's was the frosting on the nipple.The alligator sausage poboy is a must! The seasoning in the sausage paired with the creole mustard and coleslaw was divine! (And I'm not usually a coleslaw person)
 It's a bar, so don't expect the same service as a full waitstaff in a restaurant; but when we went our server/bartender was attentive and friendly! The food was great, the beer cold, and the casual atmosphere was just perfect for lunch before our walk around town.Summary:
Dive bar with decent food.
Details:
This place allows smoking indoors, so be wary if that's not your cup of tea. I ordered the oyster po boy and my girlfriend ordered the shrimp po boy. We also the jambalaya.  
First of all, the po boys are huge, but they are also a bit bready. My oysters were a bit too friend and had the burnt taste, but my girlfriend really liked her shrimp po boy.  The jambalaya here was also very good.
I'd probably come back, but to take the food out. Also wouldn't order the oysters again. Want to try the alligator po boy.Walked in and it was if everyone in the place was family. They immediately welcomed us into this conversation and atmosphere. Quick service, great food, and Hannah our waitress (blonde) treated us well and was on top of everything. Not only that, she was friendly and gave great suggestions for food!Per others' recommendations, we ordered a muffuletta and an alligator sausage poboy.  Onion rings and sweet potato fries on the side.   A couple of pints of Abita amber to round it out!
The alligator sausage poboy was freakin' amazing! Juicy flavorful sausage and loaded with onions and cabbage .... And dripping with sauce (I made a royal mess of myself and the bartop). The muffuletta was thick and full of meat and gooey cheese and they didn't skimp on the olives in the least. 
The onion rings and fries were typical bar fare and plentiful.  We left with half the muffuletta and the fries for a togo snack later. 
Open doors to the street meant not smoky at all and the bartender and other patrons were Nawlins friendly!
Affordable, plentiful food - I'd definitely make a return visit on another trip to town.After visiting the city for a week, I ate (and drank) at Mikes at least 3 times. The food was absolutely remarkable and the manager was super friendly. Can't wait to come back for some more alligator sausage!Get the gumbo. Wow ! So flavorful . Only giving it four stars because i didnt try anything else but the gumbo deserves five.When you're starving, everything looks good. We ordered a little bit off everything, but the best thing was the jambalaya. Everything else was too salty which is fine because you have a drink being at the bar. The vibe is good and the tender was sweet. We'll be back for the music and drinks.First time I heard the term Poboy was here in NOLA. so I looked up for the best place to try them without spending a fortune. Mike's Pub was the right choice I believe.
Decent size, very reasonable price, the bartender was polite and the A/C was KICKING (much needed!!).
We got the Cochon de Lait (delicious and juicy pulled pork) and obviously the "gator sausage". Both were excellent choices.
The interior of the place reminded me of an english/irish pub to be honest!Five star shit show. But still cool I like broke drunk folks who work....will be back.This is that hole in the wall bar that everyone loves. We stopped by for lunch and a few beers and even though it was steps off Canal street we were the only tourist in the place. Beer was cold and the food hot. Decent beer Seles toon with a few local choices, enough spirits to make anything you could think of. Great change of pace in comparison to canal and burning street.Your typical bar food so I'm very confused why it has 4 stars. The bartender was amazing but the atmosphere and food were lacking.The bar looks old but don't let the looks fool you. Bartender Rue was amazing and very friendly. The cook gets down in the kitchen and made some delicious food. Great experienceCold beer and great food. Wife loved her cheeseburger. The Cochon De Lait did not disappoint.Alligator sausage poboy is an absolute must. The staff was extremely nice to my wife and I. It's right off of canal and barrone. I always tell my friends about this place.This is a small bar, but the shrimp poboy is good and actually has adequate proportions of shrimp which is hard to find in that area. The service was good too. Nothing in the area can beat this place, it has good food, reasonable prices, and good service.This was our first stop on Halloween Weekend and my fiance and I couldn't have been happier with this place. A small dive-y bar with a fun jukebox, incredibly delicious food and a warm atmosphere. I'm looking back over my vacation photos and my heart is filling with warmth again at the thought of it. We sat close to the door, which was propped open, to help alleviate the smoke, which wasn't all that bad comparatively. We had the cochon and alligator poboys and we gobbled them up joyously! So full of flavor and goodness. We were even offered some yummy Halloween candies. The decorations were homey and added to the vibe. It's just a comfortable, happy neighborhood bar that I am sure we would frequent if we lived in the area. We're from Miami and travel to New Orleans regularly, we'll be back!Dark neighborhood bar, decent food albeit slightly overrated.It's okay, but bars like Cajun Mike's are a dime a dozen in New Orleans.  Still, if you're looking for a place with a few locals who work in the CBD and a whole bunch of tourists who think they're at a locals' bar, this is the place for you.  The signs outside are the best part, really.
The staff is friendly enough, and some of them are personal friends of mine, but this isn't a place I would normally drive all the way from Uptown just to visit.  Usually it's the sort of place I swing by on the way from somewhere else to somewhere else, and even then, usually to say hello to my friend who's working behind the bar.How to earn a 1 star review:
Cheese fries that were cold and the cheese not melted. Literally the cheddar was on top as if the dude just poured it out the Kraft bag and left it. He literally stared at it and probably said "yea I don't even feel like putting it in the microwave to fake it."  Pressed chicken sandwich that was burnt beyond belief. "I'm gonna burn the shizz out of this sandwich." If I could give negative stars I would. Waste of time this place. Stay. Away. As. Far. As. Possible. You're in Nola, tons of amazing places. Can't believe I wasted my time and money with this place. The good reviews here are from a bunch of inebriated people. 
Should you even think of trying this place?
No.The food was just....meh. I ordered the catfish po-boy with a side of onion rings. The onion rings were good, but the catfish was incredibly thin-like, I double-checked to make sure it wasn't just bread.Was this the best po' boy I ever ate?  Probably not, but it hit the spot, and I had enough to bring back to my hotel for lunch the next day.  I had oyster and T had shrimp. 
The place is a bar -- smoke and all -- but for a quickie cheapie late night dinner, it was fine.  The bartender was friendly and solicitous, quick to refill our water without being asked.