The food was delicious.. I will definitely b back 4 the food again .. Our bill was $70.40 , we gav our server $100 bill , he came back with $20 .. I ask the server if gratitude was included, he said no n quickly walked away .. Our change should hav been $29.60.. The server was too busy 4 my questions I guess .. So I left him only $5 , since he short me $9.60 , that's 20% ... I will b back but I will make sure , I don't get him as a serverThe food was just ok.  The service was average.  But I don't feel like I got my money's worth.  I've had such amazing food in New Orleans and this is not at the top of my list.  It wasn't worth the long wait.Absolutely great service and waffles!!! My husband and I went here twice. First time we tried the chicken and waffles and we were super impressed! I would highly recommend this place if you want a nice breakfast in a quaint well lit restaurant. Nice date spot :)We attempted to go to Katie's on a Sunday. The wait was an hour. So I called CSB. They had a table ready immediately. The space is great. The servers are all friendly and helpful. 
The menu is pretty extensive, with lots of Latin inspired dishes. 
The food was good. The dishes weren't to die for, but they were good.  I thought the pricing for the menu was a little strange. Some items were farely priced, $10-12, and some were way  overpriced.  For instance, the Cajun Benedict and Chicken and waffle Benedict are both $20. I've had really great Benedicts around the city that weren't $20. Most of the ingredients in those 2 dishes are rather cheap. The pricing just seemed a little inconsistent. 
Overall, though, it was a great experience. 4 people, 5 dishes, and a few cocktails was $100. Really not too bad for Sunday Brunch.  
I wouldn't hesitate to go back.Thank you for a wonderful brunch! 
We were a group of 11 and they were extremely accommodating. We were seated in a private room, which was excellent. The waitress assigned to us was excellent! She made great suggestions and was very attentive. I was impressed at her ability to manage a large group. The food and drinks were delicious! We were more than stuffed! I would definitely come back here!
I deducted 1 star because they aren't able to split checks at allThis is the second time I've come for breakfast and both were great experiences.  Last time, a few days ago, we had a table of 5.  Everyone ordered something different and each of us enjoyed what we had ordered, food and juices. I would definitely come again. It looks like it can get a bit busy so it is probably best to make a reservation when possible.Great atmosphere and very welcoming!! Me and my girlfriend love brunch places and we try to go to new brunch spots every weekend!! This place was just great and it had a juice bar you could choose from and I got a Bloody Mary that was just right! Both me and my girlfriend got the Mid-City breakfast, which was a wonderful choice. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good chill atmosphere and great service! They also do cooking classes and me and my girlfriend plane to attend one!Absolutely THE BEST hollandaise I've ever tasted and that includes my trips to France! This sauce is done right: light, buttery with layers of flavor like pepper, white wine, lemon etc. Compliments to the chef! 
Nice cozy atmosphere, superb service, great and ample breakfast menu, everything looks and taste Devine!
See you next week!Amazing food!! We made it for lunch just before closing time. Great stop on the way to or from the cemeteries. ;)Came here for brunch on Sunday. A short wait. Our server Robert was very pleasant. They are not in a hurry here. Coffee was very and the food was delicious. I will be back.SOO GOOOD. the service was amazing and we were seated pretty quickly even though it was a Saturday morning. The waitress said they had the best shrimp n grits in the city. They were delicious. My friends got huevos ranches and migas (sp??) Everyone loved their food. Also, I love that the chefs are a married couple from MxCity. I would definitely recommend anyone visiting NOLA to stop by for brunch!I had the steak and eggs and it was delicious! Our server Rusty was great.  I will definitely come here again!Ended up at Canal Street Bistro because it was close and had great reviews. We were not disappointed, ended up coming back the next day. Emily was amazing both days, we took all of her recommendations and she was spot on. Thank you!Accentuate the positive as they say, so I'll start with that. The server was very nice and patient with my questions about things like coffee refills and the WiFi. 
The breakfast burrito was delicious and probably the best bet and deal here for breakfast (it was $8).  It came with a little dish of black beans and a little pico de gallo on the side. The pico was fresh and yummy and I don't usually care for tomatoes.
I also have to say that the space is lovely and that really is a good location and the WiFi IS free. Could someone please fix that on their Yelp page where is says the WiFi is paid? It is protected but you just have to ask for the code. There is no charge. I kind of hang my head in shame for focusing on the WiFi like that but I was dining alone.
The two main drawbacks to me are the price and the hours. It is pricey for what I want to pay for breakfast. I may eat here again but it certainly won't be often and probably on a payday Friday morning (like this was). 
They don't open for breakfast until 8. This would normally have prevented me from eating there on a Friday but I took a little time off work.Oh man. So good. Chili con carne. Do it.Great way to start Sunday!  Went for brunch and was blown away! Service friendly cocktails wonderful food fantastic!  Must come back too many things to choose from. Jeff cThe best part about this restaurant is the location and the very friendly staff.  The downside is everything else.  We get there and they say it will be at least a 35 minute wait NOT because they are full but because the kitchen cannot handle the volume.  There are multiple empty tables to sit at so the unmanageable volume is not even a full restaurant...that seems like restaurant 101.  Additionally the food is fairly tasteless and bland with little presentation.  I have been here for dinner and had the same impression - great staff, bland overpriced food, and a slow kitchenFirst time here came for Sunday brunch. Food was very good, menus had a Hispanic bent which I like. All the other dishes being served looked tasty. Waitstaff was VERY friendly and attentive. We will be back!This morning we followed up our dinner with an outstanding GF brekkie.  Bar staff and servers were great‼ However, the hostess could not have been LESS gracious, charm school should be mandatory for her Hard to want to be a patron if this is the first staff member you meet!  Do soldier on tho, because EVERYTHING else was great!This place never disappoints! The chef is an imaginative master at creating new flavors! Today's special: skinny tacos, beef, quinoa, avocado topped off with quail egg. Positively delicious!
Cudos again!
We will be back for more!We love our waitress and our food was on point. But be prepared to wait. There are no reservations on Sunday, so my party didn't mind the 45 minute wait for our table. What upset us was the bartender. She may be the slowest bartender in New Orleans. Five meals came out before three mimosas. 
I would love to come back but would quickly turn around and find another place if I see this bartender behind the bar.Just had my third meal here and I've been impressed every visit. The menu changes regularly based on available ingredients and the chef's whims. He's not serving the same things over and over and gets to stretch out creatively. The food is South American influenced with lots of great ingredients. You can review the current menu from their website. 
Our waiter doubled as the bartender and does both jobs well. Besides mixing great drinks he also knows the wine selection and can recommend choices based on the dishes. 
All in all a relaxing place for a delicious meal.When you walk into Canal Bistro it feels like yo walk into a home of a friend. John took our orders and was extremely friendly and funny. We ordered the creole Benedict, bayou St. John's and the chicken waffles Benedict. My personal favorite was the chicken and waffle Benedict it was the perfect amount of sweet and savory. The Hollandaise sauce is absolutely amazing here. The creole Benedict was nice and salty and the crab cake with the St. John was cooked to perfection. Really need to check this place out.Had a unpleasant experience here. Primarily the service was just off, in their defense they were a little bit slammed (Sunday Early Afternoon brunch), but it still took us about an hour and twenty minutes to get our food. And they got the orders wrong multiple times throughout the meal.
We got free mimosas as an apology which is something.
The food was reasonably good though. 
Probably a better bet on an off day.fantastic but misunderstood restaurant in mid-city.  this is establishment is sometimes known as eco cafe but it is now canal street bistro.  this is now an eatery with a new chef (german descent), worked in mexico city and has been in nola for quite some time before landing at csb.
the ambiance is charming, open and comfortable.  we were in nola for 2nd weekend of jazzfest - friday night and many restaurants were not available for a 730pm seating and this place was so, yay!  our party of 5 wasn't complete when we arrived so the hostess gave us the option of getting seated or wait at the bar.  we opted with the latter.  the bartender was helpful with our drink selections -  my husband and i ordered a delicious sangria and friend, dan ordered a glass of white wine.  we decided to wait for the rest of party at our table and check out the menu.
once we were all together, we each had a starter - me salad, hubby shrimp, dan seafood soup, chris and eileen both salads.  entree - eileen, dan and i had the diver scallops served with rice and poblano cream sauce and spinach - absolutely divinely delicious.  chris and chris had the fish of the day, grouper served in the same poblano cream sauce, vegetables and mango - both thoroughly enjoyed their entrees.  Also we all cleaned our plates!
we skipped dessert.  the service was okay.  i think our server could have done a better job selling - he wasn't watching the beverage situation which might have sold more bevvies.  and he completely missed the mark asking us dessert when we were asking for the check already.  but all in all the whole experience was delightful.  we would comeback again.  and dan who lives only blocks away says he will definitely return.Overall: Quaint restaurant with menu items made with fresh ingredients. Definitely a fusion between your favorite Creole dishes and Mexican cuisine. Our very small group of 3 went around noon and waited about 20 minutes for a table. 
Food: We all did the "Build-Your-Own" Omelet. The grits were fantastic including the biscuit.
Service: Like the city, our waitress had major southern charm and didn't hesitate to let us know her favorites and constantly checked our table.My favorite brunch place.  The best home - made grits in town.  Great food, great people, great location, great place.  The food and service are worth the wait!!!This is our second time here and we will continue to return! 
Food and service is always good!!!
Unexpected tasted better than described on the menu. 
Get rid of whatever your perception of steak fries are you will be impressed by what the serve you. 
Custom made omelet was delicious, biscuits taste fresh made, and grits are nice and creamy and yummy. 
Shrimp and grits were very good, loved the creaminess of the grits definitely added to this dish.This place is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good!!! It's a little gem tucked away in the CBD...This place was really cute! The staff was really welcoming and super accommodating. It was the host's first day and I give her kudos!! She's handling her first day with grace and everyone who was visiting the restaurant, while I was there, was patient regardless. I was by myself and had the option of sitting at the bar or waiting for a table. There were opportunities for me to sit at the bar, but if there was a couple waiting, they took the seats before me. I waited for about 30 minutes to get my table. I ordered the sweet chicken and waffles with bacon and MAN. Best chicken and waffles yet. If you love savory and sweet, this is the dish for you. The strawberries with the bacon and chicken were the perfect mix for me (splash some hot sauce in there, you got a party). The only downside to this spot is the service -- it's long and fairly spacey. The staff looked ridiculously busy and at times, my waiter would forget about me (which btw is ok. I'm low maintenance, and wasn't in a rush). They turn tables a little slower, maybe it's because they have so much stuff on their menu? Who knows. Regardless, I still really enjoyed this place and would definitely come back!This place looked adorable and so a group of us went for Sunday brunch. It was a pretty awful experience, but the worst part was definitely the unprofessional and rude service. After waiting almost 20 minutes at the table, our order was finally taken. Then, another 30 minutes later we were informed that the waffle maker was broken, meaning two people in our group had to put in a second order. By the time that order came out (20-30 minutes later), everyone else in the group had finished eating. Meanwhile, other tables, who had ordered the exact dishes we did, received their food while we continued to wait.
The manager, Seth, was extremely rude and defensive about the situation and refused to try to do anything to rectify the situation. He stated it was not his fault, that the other tables should have been serviced first (even though they arrived after us), and then he smirked and said he wouldn't be doing anything for us. The waitress later came over to us and told us that because of his repeated rudeness and inappropriateness, today is her last day at the restaurant (she decided to quit a while back). We felt bad for her, knowing she has had to endure this type of thing daily. It's a shame because the place looks so cute, but the food was mediocre at best, and Seth really ruined our impression of the restaurant. We won't be returning, not surprisingly!A little disappointing. The service was terrible. The wait for our food was extremely long, and the restaurant wasn't even half full. I ordered the German omelet. It was bland. Our server maybe had two or three tables and seemed flustered. I doubt we'll go back.One of our favorite places to dine and it never disappoints. We selected our meal from the German menu.  It was to die for.  Chef Peters and his staff are a friendly helpful crew.  Will be backCame here on a Sunday for brunch. There was a wait, so my 4 friends and I opted to eat outside. It took a minute to get some service, but we were all patient. 
Everything took forever. The restaurant is not big so we really couldn't understand the wait for everything.... And I mean everything. Bar drinks, waters, apps, and entrees 
I added avocado to my Spanish breakfast. It did not come out with my meal. And ended up not coming AT ALL. She came out twice saying they were "working on it" after finishing most of my meal I cancelled it. 
Overall, food was good, but the mediocre service was not worth it and don't know of my friends and I will ever go back. 
*they also had plates from a Mexican restaurant that closed uptown forever ago....weirdDecided to stop in as we've passed this place for a year driving down canal. Nothing really to rave home about. Definitely skip over this spot for breakfast.On our visit from California we "accidentally" found this awesome little diamond (not in the rough).  The service was outstanding, the ambiance was relaxing and comfortable and ...oh yes, the food was amazing!  I had the lamb chops with a salad and my husband had the trio sliders.  My chops were perfect and my husband's sliders were so good that he couldn't even say which one he liked best.
If you get a chance to dine here all I can say is GO...Now!!Amazing chicken & waffles and great customer service. Went with my girlfriend and we had an awesome brunch experienceWell, there were no bottomless mimosas, but. I won't be jaded!! 
It was a lazy Sunday. My fiance' exclaimed 'let's do brunch'. I said Yes!! First stop was a disappointment because there was a 45 minute wait. Keep in mind, we are in the brunch capitol of New Orleans. 
We decided to yelp nearby places and found this one. Walked in and sat at bar to wait for a window seat. Ordered mimosas to get this day started!! 
After our first sip, we were seated. It reminded me if a cafe in a bigger city. I enjoyed the chicken and waffles with blueberries and strawberries. My fiance' was in the mood for an omelette. He BHOO and enjoyed it (built his own omelette)  and was satisfied. Love me some cheese grits! Ordered these just to see if they could cook. I really enjoyed them, then proceeded to chicken and waffles.This was my third trip to CSB and I tried a different dish. I'm a sucker for something delicious and the first time I went I got the Quinoa and Black Bean Salad and it was so delicious that i had to get it on visit two. My friend got the Cuban and I took a bite and being half Cuban, must admit, that it was almost gourmetly yummy. This third time, I tried the Vegan Salad - oh my - I sat at the front table and watched the streetcar going by on Canal Street and cut into the herbed crispy tofu and paired it with the chunks of grilled portobello and decided right then and there that I needed to come here at least once a week just for the Vegan Salad. The service was friendly and most tables were full. I've yet to try the juices but they are right up my alley with True Blood calling my name. Highly recommend. Would have given 5 stars but feel it best to hold five for Restaurant August.I want to come back to NOLA and eat here for every single meal. With all the amazing food it was hard to make a decision on where to eat but eventually I walked over. Everything on the menu is tempting but I eventually opted for the chicken and waffle Benedict. I wasn't quite sure what to expect but what I got was better than anything I could have expected. There was a perfectly grilled chicken breast atop a fluffy waffle, topped with perfectly poached eggs, hollandaise and added ($1 extra) crumbled bacon- more food than I could possibly eat. I also got a vanilla cappuccino and I'm not a huge coffee person but this was by far one of the best I've had. Would definitely recommend!We had an awesome brunch. Delicious smoothies, great variety, and a really friendly staff.Great selection of fresh juices or smoothies... Or make your own with choice of veggies or fruit. The huevos rancheros breakfast dish was very fresh and simply delicious. Just what we were looking for!Loved this restaurant. It was our first time, and they were empty at first, but filled up later in the night. Hours are a little strange, but it's a family run restaurant in New Orleans, what do you expect--they make the calls. Ambience is cozy and comfortable, very chill.
Apps: started with the lamb chops (2), and queso with portobello and poblano. Lamb was delish. Perfectly seared with a side of greens and roasted potatoes, topped with an au jus that was very flavorful. The queso was great too, not your traditional liquid queso, this was a cooked piece of cheese but was not lacking in flavor at all.
Main meals: I had the quail, and oh Em gee: perfection. I'm picky about quail, and they nailed it. Very meaty, cooked to perfection, and came with with a selection of sauces; a sauzo sauce, and red mole sauce. Both were phenomenal and complimented the already perfect quail.
Other entree was a tenderized piece of pork. Thin, breaded, and paneed, again a t asty dish. 
Overall a deliciously authentic home style cooked meal. The items on the menu have Latin influence, and the flavors are bold and balanced. Will def be going back. 5I ordered the belt sandwhich which is egg, spinach, tomato, and thick bacon strips on a crossiant with a bowl of grits. It was tasty but could have used cheese. I would not order from the juice bar. I disliked my choice. The grits were amazing! I loved my food, I really did. I came for brunch around noon on a Sunday, 5 min wait! However, the waitress.... Omg girl! I should have known it wasn't going to be the best service when she started off telling us dont wave or raise our hand to get her attention, but rather YELL for her . Yes, we laughed but realized quickly she was dead serious.The atmosphere was nice and I'm sure the food would have been good but they told us it would be a 30 min wait when there was no one else in line and the table behind the host stand was getting ready to leave. We asked to sit at the bar but were told there was no room... There were 3 open seats. We'll try again another time but for now, I can't say I'm too pleased with how they run front of house.If they are using locally sourced food then the price is appropriate, but I got a glimpse of the kitchen today and have my doubts! I will say, get a freshly made fruit/vegetable juice. Even the weird sounding ones are good! Curry chicken salad was very good, crabcakes were very good. Again, the most expensive meals we had but very fresh and delicious.After hearing co workers rave about this place, I decided to give it a try for breakfast this morning and I am happy I did!
I am continuously looking for great breakfast/brunch restaurants and I will be adding Canal St Bistro to my list. This morning was quiet, with only a few tables. I got there close to 10am and was seated immediately. I was instantly greeted by a friendly server who promptly took my drink order. The fresh squeezed juices are a must! They have some interesting mixes and are served in a large glass (worth the $4+). 
So many things on the menu looked good! They put a Mexican spin on some of their dishes and it was difficult making a selection. I opted for the canal street omelet with grits. I was torn because my coworkers spoke about how delicious the pancakes were and I wanted to try one. While they were not listed a la carte on the menu, I asked my server and she said she could make it happen. (2 in an order for $5). The food came within about 15-20 minutes. The omelet was filled with chorizo, spinach, potatoes and Swiss cheese and came together nicely. Plenty of chorizo and lots of gooey, melted Swiss cheese. The grits were creamy, although needed salt and pepper. BUT the pancakes were by far my favorite. They were fluffy and delicious! Cooked perfectly and then I topped them with butter and syrup. Mmmmmm. 
I had lots of food left over (the omelet came with a biscuit that I couldn't even touch because I fell too much in love with those pancakes). The server was happy to bring me a to go box and even a little container for the syrup. I gave this restaurant 4 stars because I felt it was a little pricey. However, I will most definitely be returning.  The service was friendly and attentive. It's also right around the corner from where I work and that chicken and waffle dish is calling my name!Not mind-blowing, but certainly good, especially for some nice fresh, healthy, and vegetarian options. 
I had the crab cakes on salad greens, which was well done (nice fresh greens and tomatoes, 2 tasty though not lumpy crab cakes, and a yummy, not-overly-sweet  balsamic dressing) but maybe a bit light on the salad part for $14. 
I also got the potato salad which was disappointing - it was just simply not so great potatoes and a yellow mayo sauce - no other veggies or visible herbs.I am so impressed with this restaurant, it is a fantastic option for anyone with a Gluten intolerant diner. We had eleven people, and were able to make our reservation directly through the app, and at the last minute no less. They were able to accommodate our group in a private room, which had a neat window into the kitchen. On top of all that, the food was delicious. So many great options, and great flavor combinations. The smoothies, cocktails, and food couldn't have been better.Really not a good experience. Should have listened to other reviews and skipped this place. However, urged on by one of our party who really wanted to try it, we gamely attempted to have an enjoyable experience at Canal Street Bistro. 
After being seated quickly outside, we ordered coffee and drinks and then proceeded to wait thirty minutes for a drip coffee, followed ten minutes later by two quite-good milk punches, followed ten minutes later by the most disappointing Bloody Mary I've ever had. 
While waiting for our food, we were entertained by watching other patrons dash inside to get various things forgotten and never brought by the waitress, and debating whether or not to warn others waiting for a table to go elsewhere. 
Food arrived after the hour mark, and two out of our four orders were entered incorrectly. The food was highly unremarkable and definitely not worth the price. 
At the end of our experience, holding an $80 check for four people, I felt a combination of relief that we finally got to leave, yet cheated because I was expected to pay this bill that our meal and the service we received certainly did not merit. 
Bottom line: don't waste your time or money.Bloody Mary's and Citrus bloody Mary's are both delicious. The Hollandaise was smooth and lemony...plate licking good. Everything that passed by looked amazing and our food was outstanding. Lauren and Mandy are fantastic and make you feel like you're a treasured guest.Before I start this review, I want to let you know that this is the only review I have ever been "inspired" to write. That is how strongly I feel about this. I also want to point out that I am not a food snob..my favorite restaurant is McDonalds, and not just because you always get service with a smile! But brunch at this restaurant had me wishing we had gone to McD because it would have been a much better experience...
We came to this place and thought it was so cute...i will give them that much...but after about 15 minutes sitting in the cute ambiance, i kinda wanted some water and service. The waitress finally came, took our orders, and awhile later returned with our drinks. PRO: OJ is fresh. I ordered the chicken and waffles and after 30 minutes of waiting for our food (and growing increasingly HANGRY since we had been there about 45 minutes by now), they tell us the waffle machine is broken and I need to order something else. Ok, fine, I can handle that but please tell me that when I order, not when you are trotting out the food for the rest of the table. Luckily, my hungry self had enough foresight to order a side of bacon, so I was served that while my friends ate their meals. Unfortunately, the bacon was cold, so that was a fail but when I tracked down the waitress, she was willing to reheat it. My friend's eggs were also cold but she was too hungry to send them back.  So I'm munching on my reheated bacon for about 30 more minutes while my friends finish their meals and we start to get bored.  But where is my food? I see my exact meal served at 2 other tables...where is mine? I can't find staff to ask where it's at, so I get up to look in the kitchen (apparently that's not allowed but its a quick way to get the managers attention)! 
Since its been so long and I'm bored, annoyed, and wanting my food, I decide to be helpful and talk to the manager SETH and just offer a helpful hint that in this type of situation, our meals should take priority over other tables since half our table had already finished their meals. SETH pasted a fake smile on his face while feeding me some line about how he appreciated my opinion but that I didn't understand how a restaurant worked. I point to my friends empty plates (and my bacon plate) and asked if we could have our missing meals comped since we were now being inconvenienced and I would not be eating with my friends. Again, SETH did his little smile and said that wasn't gonna happen, that the "owners would kill him". Rude. 
A few minutes later I finally get my food (chili omelet). It was fine, but unfortunately by that point in time I wasn't even hungry because I was a more than a little peeved by how SETH treated us. They brought the bill, $25 for the omelet, bacon and OJ. Nothing taken off, nothing comped. Rude.
As we left, SETH managed to strain another smile out of him to thank us. No apology or anything. Again, I thought I would share my thoughts about what appropriate customer service is (remember I use McDonalds to set my standard). SETH forced another smile, sarcastically said he appreciated my feedback and walked away. Jerk. If there were some way to contact the owners, I would because I doubt they would approve of this type of service. I should have just gone to McDonalds.  
But to not entirely slam the place, the building is cute and the orange juice is good. But if you see SETH, just leave because you will not have a good experience.Always on the search for a good breakfast in NOLA, me and my friends stumbled upon this place on a rainy Monday morning. Felt good vibes immediately upon entering this cozy little place. Let's not waste anytime here. All three of us ordered custom omelets and had no complaints. All of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals. The best one had to be the one my friend ordered that had the brisket added to it. DELICIOUS!! I really wanted to steal her plate and devour her food but I decided to be polite. Oh and might I add the grits were cooked to perfection as well. Will definitely come back.The chef mixes New Orleans favorites (shrimp and grits) with a latino twist and it's delicious. The breakfast items are reasonably priced (~$10) but the main plates and drinks are a bit overpriced.Delightful! 
I do believe this was the best breakfast/brunch I've had in New Orleans.  PeriodMy friends and I live nearby and have come in for breakfast a multiple of times, and love the food. I am surprised to read some of the other reviews, since it is the exact opposite of my groups numerous experiences. There were times when I did have to wait due to the restaurant being busy, however that's not the end of the world. My favorite dishes for breakfast are the quesdilla diablo and the Spanish breakfast. As for the service, we always enjoy talking with the manager and servers. Coming into an excellent atmosphere matched up with the decor, makes for a positive dining experience. We also eat out a lot, at only local places, so we have no problem comparing and judging.Great juice and a satisfying if fairly stock standard breakfast.  Extremely disappointed to find that they delineate between breakfast and brunch menus, and that we were too early for brunch.  So much for the early bird getting the worm.  Will revisit this review once I am able to have brunch there.Authentic flavors and creative drive make for  an awesome experience. Top shelf tequilas offered that are a lesson for your senses. Fresh Juice bar is popular with the locals.The only reason I did not give this place one star is because some of the food was ok. There are many other better restaurant in this area, go there instead, The Ruby Slipper and Blue Dot Doughnuts  just to name a few. 
This place was previously called the Eco Cafe. Haven eaten here about 4 times now, three times under the old name and once under the new name,  I can safely say I will not be returning. The Staff was slow and unprofessional. The food was ok but that is only because by the time you get your food your so hungry you scarf it down with out really tasting it. They seem to have most of the same dishes as when it was called The Eco Cafe, however the service has went all down hill. Having been in the service industry for 10 years I am very understanding of the things that can go wrong during service, however when the staff is just lazy I am very unforgiving.
Save your money and your time.20 minutes before the wine was serverd.
75 Minutes 'til the food came out!
the best dish was a Wienschnitzel.  I can can make better Pollo con Mole at home.
won't go back.Excellent service!! The food is good too. We got the guac and the spreads was very good. Also we got the duck enchilada which was also very Good!Wow! They were able to fit our party of 13, as a walk-in, in less than 20 min. Service is amazing, staff all smiles and friendly. Food was delicious and everyone's dishes came out at the same time; hot and yum! This will definitely be one of our favorites to visit when in New Orleans.
We came for brunch. Though we didn't order any of the juices, I saw several being served and they looked fresh and colorful. 
The chicken and waffles is no joke in size. Chicken the right level of crisp. If you choose the waffles with fruit, you'll be pleased to see fresh fruit topping your waffles. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros; eggs were perfect, loved slicing through and getting that fantastic yolk flavor streaming throughout plate. All the flavors worked well together, nothing overwhelmed another. 
Hard wood floors, intimate setting, a bar for quick seating, nice/quiet fans keeping air circulating, cloth napkins, and great lighting.
Can't say enough nice things about the staff, they really are an amazing group of people.This is, hands down, my favorite brunch in the city. The staff is knowledgable & professional, but also super-friendly. The fresh juice/smoothie bar is wonderful!  A great way to get started. There's also a full bar for those mornings when I'd rather start off with something hard. 
  I always start with the lobster crepe. How can that be bad... Right?!?  And the sauce is crazy awesome (as are ALL the sauces here.). For entree, I switch it up every time, and I've never been disappointed. Everything I've had has been delish, so I would just recommend ordering whatever sounds good to you.  My boyfriend and I always split some pancakes, though, because of their fabulosity. 
  I usually am too full to have dessert, but I did have the Black Forest Cakelet & it made me very happy :). Lauren (next week is her last week) or Will are our usual servers, but everyone I've met there has been wonderful.  We have also gotten their catering & we're pleased. . I'd love to write more, but my table is ready ;)This place is awesomeeeeee!! 
It always looks closed but finally decided to check it out today for lunch and it did not disappoint. Our waitress was wonderful and the menu was diverse enough for any group of people. 
Can't wait to visit again and enjoy the outdoor seating!Love the juice bar. One of are favorites for breakfast!This place is fabulous. I've been to New Orleans a few times and always eating at the "tourist" spots. Decided to try what looked like a neighborhood joint. I was not disappointed. This will be a go to place from now on.  The dinner menu has a unique blend of cuisine that you can't really get anywhere else in this town. It's gonna be high on my list, and recommended to all my family and friends.Great juice bar, coffee bar, and adult beverages bar. Had brunch here with my sister, and really enjoyed the place. Would have given it 3 stars, as the service kinds sucked - our waitress seemed a bit too good to converse with the likes of us tourists, but the great coffee and uniquely fresh juice made up for that. 
I had less than spectacular huevos rancheros (how they were too spicy, yet still managed to be bland, I cannot explain), and sis got the chicken & waffles. Should have done the chicken and waffles - yummzies.
Oh yeah, I tried grits for the first time in my life at this place - I AM IN LOVE. Of course, they had loads of cheese in them, but O.M.G. Amazing.I'll start with the good.  I ordered the spinach & walnut salad (added shrimp, which were cooked perfectly) and it was wonderful.  My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles with a side of cheese grits and enjoyed all of it. So, the three stars are all for the food.  I also thought the dining room and bar areas were nice as I walked through.  (We were seated in a small back room; not the main dining area.)
This small back room was awkward in and of itself due to close quarters which led to the inability to NOT hear other table's conversation and a feeling like we had to whisper so we weren't overpowering the space with our table talk.  Add on the girls loudly talking about drug rehab and boyfriend problems and the meal was interesting before it even started.  Granted, the restaurant certainly cannot control the topic/volume of discussion at tables but I just think this space was too small to be seating separate parties in together.  (- 1/2 star)
What really got was me when our waitress and another employee came into the room and began to gossip about how they were "NEVER going to get out of there at 3:00" because so-and-so did such-and-such.  Seriously. Does the word unprofessional ring a bell? ( -1 star)
Finally, they got my order wrong.  Not a huge deal. I know. I got chicken on my salad instead of shrimp.  They fixed it immediately.  No harm, no foul (just - 1/2 star).  
Will I go back?  Most likely.  The menu had a lot of options (especially the omelet selection)  and many of them appealed to me.  Also, for any juice lovers out there, this would be a good place to try.  Looked like they have a lot of options/create-your-own deals.  The food was good.  The price was reasonable.  Next time, should they begin to seat me in cramped quarters again, I will ask to wait until a table in the main dining area is free.A very lovely spot in Mid City. We came in for lunch; the staff was very helpful in helping us make decisions when we were between options. And they have a tequila cart.We visited this quaint little restaurant while in Louisiana.  We had the chicken and waffles and it was really good.  The place looks like a little house and had plenty of charm. The wait staff was very nice and very attentive. I will definitely be visiting again.Came for brunch. The menu is very large. The restaurant was extremely clean, well above New Orleans standards. We had the chicken and waffle Benedict, the migas breakfast, the mid-city, and the chiliquelas breakfast plates. ALL were very very good. My coffee was very fresh and stayed refilled. The service was spectacular. We will come here for brunch over Katie's any day. For pics follow us on Instagram @leauxcaltouristLunch stop review: Would not return for lunch, but maybe dinner or brunch 
Overview: 
Food was nothing super interesting, and slightly over priced. Apps didn't make me hungry to taste any more food.  
Atmosphere - it was empty ? / Decor - very nice and cute
Service is nothing to write about
Full Review: 
I'm often in this neighborhood, and have never heard about this place. Parking for lunch wasn't too bad since there's generally decent street parking available in this area of Canal. I stopped in just before 11:30 and was seated immediately in the near empty restaurant (1 table of 1, another table of 2, then me). I ordered the soup of the day and an additional appetizer of roasted corn with corn tortillas. Food took 15 minutes to arrive. For soup of the day?? I would think the soup is already ready to serve, but I guess not. The seafood chowder was more a clear soup than chowder. The soup had a small piece or two of white fish, large chunks of shrimp, and cubes of potatoe. It wasn't anying spectacular, but maybe it needed to sit a bit more? The broth was less flavorful than I would've expected for a seafood chowder, but the seafood was good. The corn with tortillas, was just that, literally corn on the plate with a few tortillas. Cup of soup $6 and corn $7. Soup decently priced, corn over priced. By the time I was ready for the check neither server was in sight, so I spent about 35 minutes in an empty restuarant for a cup of soup and appetizer. Not super disappointed, but not thrilled either. Since they seem to bill this place more as a brunch spot, I would come back for brunch to try it out, but I would not return for lunch.New Orleans gem! Consistently good. We've been for dinner several times and food is always fresh and reasonably seasoned.  Chef is very particular about quality and freshness. Our faves are the savory seafood soup, scallops, filette guillermo, and chocolate flan! Thursday Mex nite is wonderful!! Excellent margaritas. Very comfortable atmosphere.This was my favorite place. No wait, they took us right away. It is only a few minutes away from the French Quarter so if you want really good food and don't want to make those ridiculous lines this is the place. Only a Trolly away on Canal Street. Our waitress Emily was friendly and patient, she made great recommendations which we did not regret. It was so hard to choose since everything on the menu sounded so good. The Steak and Egg was perfection, the taste, the chimichurri sauce, . The Yucatan was not what I expected it was jammed with flavor We also had the smoothies the Blueberry Zinger and the Sunrise. I left satisfied and would visit again.I almost selfishly want to keep quiet about this Mid-City gem so I won't have to share it with anyone else!
A majority of the quality brunch spots in New Orleans require a long wait time, bring a somewhat chaotic atmosphere and can be cramped. However, to my surprise when we chose to go to this place today, there was no wait, the atmosphere was  relaxed and the tables were well spaced out, so you just felt comfortable. 
They've got a full juice bar with a large variety of fresh made juices. The menu ranges from your basic breakfast items to twists of cajun and Mexican. I got the steak and eggs which was cooked to perfection. Also, they definitely win the award for best grits in New Orleans! Very creamy. 
You can tell the wait staff enjoys working there and we even got a visit from the manager of the family-owned and operated business, Ingrid, who spoke with us for several  minutes about the history of the restaurant, the way they prepare the food and what we should order!
I will definitely be adding Canal Street Bistro to my list of regular spots to dine and I plan on spreading the word!We have gone here many times for breakfast, and always enjoyed it very much.  We knew that it had switched to Canal Street Bistro, so we decided to try it for dinner.  We walked in, and suddenly, it was "transformed" to what was supposed to be an upscale bistro.  Sorry, but it is still a really nice coffee shop- can't have it both ways- can't have various  used papers in a basket at the door, business cards, and coffee stuff all over and put tablecloths on the tables and high priced menus and transform into 4 star dining.   That being said, the hostess was perched at the door and immediately asked if we had reservations.  This gave us an instant feeling of not wanting to dine there.  Seriously, you have a total of 9 tables in the place, 5 are empty and it is a Thursday night.  Would we really NEED reservations?  If you have tables available, why even make your guests feel that they are a burden if it is totally unnecessary?  That being said, the "hostess" then told us that she could "put" us at the table in the window.  We sat for another hour and a half, and only one other party of 3 walked in, so it was pretty apparent that no one else had reservations either. It was Latin/Mexican night, and the food was pretty good- however, some of the entrees were a bit pricy from $20-$36 each, so the small plates seemed like a much better bet.  The tacos were good, but I am not sure that I can say that it was worth the price that went with it.  We ordered cocktails, and the margaritas were not that great and 7.50 for a very small one. I ordered a second, but it never came- seemed to cause a bit of a commotion when it came time for the bill because they seemed to struggle to figure out how to get that second drink off of our ticket.  We sat, for most of our meal, two feet away from the "hostess" who never noticed once that our water glasses and tea glasses were empty- I guess she was too worried about the reservations that weren't there- the young waiter was very nice and tried very hard.... I think having breakfast here is a much better bet.Great food, gracious service in a lovely Victorian house.  This new Mid-City addition offers a refreshing alternative to standard New Orleans Creole fare.  Chef Guillermo Peters brings his impressive culinary talents to this Mexican/Continental influenced menu.  Modestly priced breakfast and lunch specialties along with more upscale dinner selections.  Interesting wine and tequila selections complete the experience.  We have enjoyed it for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner.  What a great schnitzel!!We had dinner here tonight and found a new favorite place out of the experience! Chef Guillermo Peters of Taqueros in Kenner and Taqueros - Coyocan Uptown has found a new home here! Well, he said he's been serving his signature dishes here for a year and a half, but we just found out he was there about two weeks ago. So, we had to go see him!! We had the Ceviche, Queso Fundido with Chirozo, Scallops and the Chipotle Steak that melted in my mouth. Each and every dish was mouth watering and divine! A true taste bud extravaganza!!!! To finish we had the vanilla flan made to perfection!! And, we had a special visit from Chef Guillermo! What a wonderful treat!! I've read some of the reviews here before I posted this. I need to say that if Chef Guillermo is in the kitchen and Sam is your waiter you will be not be disappointed. I'm so glad we found Chef again and are thrilled with anticipation to return on Thursday for Taco night. Should we name Chef The 'Taco Nazi?'  I think so!We made reservation for an anniversary celebration with a party of 13 and had an extra show up so 14 total and everything was perfectly ready for us when we arrived.  Parking was easy as we were there on a Sunday. The staff provided a welcoming and helpful environment. We felt at home in the back room.  ALL 14 of us thought our food was excellent.  NOT ONE COMPLAINT!  Ages in attendance were 6-46.  Some of us from New York, and few locals as well.  They had not had  a Benedict that awesome!  The steak was delicious.  The waffles were a huge hit. Omelet cooked to perfection.(not dried out.)  and grits are sooo creamy!   The smoothies and latte were delish,  and my son loved the shrimp and grits. The little people were silent the whole time finishing up their food.  AMAZING!  LOVED every minute of this experience.On our way out of town we decided to stop for a proper New Orleans brunch at this spot who multiple locals had told us about.  They have off street parking next to the building.  We were lucky to get right in without a reservation because this storefront is very small.
This brunch is exquisite from the white linen table cloths to the well executed brunch menu.  I ordered a coffee and the chef's omelette.  They also had fresh made smoothies/juices that sounded very refreshing.  Especially if you had a hard night of drinking the night before.
The coffee was exactly what you would want in a New Orleans style cup of java.  The crab meat was fresh and the poblano cream sauce was the perfect compliment/flavor tie in for the omelette.  Those cheese grits; oh my don't even get me started on the decandence of them because I will need them right now.  Our service was 5 stars and it was nice to dine at this establishment.
I would definitely come here again next time that I am in town.