Service was good.  Only had a short wait for my food (crawfish po boy). Food was amazing!The oyster po boy was excellent. The ff were done just right also. My new fav. take out restaraunt.  Can't wait to go back again. Also great crawfish during season.Best shrimp poboys, hands down in the area! The shrimp are seasoned to perfection, bread is perfect too. If you want a good poboy, eat here!The chicken tenders were moist, tasty and HUGE.  Best take-out I got during my stay in New Orleans.Blurg!!! I am kicking myself for not finding Capt. Sal's sooner!!!
Food is amazing as is the customer service.
Highly recommend!!!Good spot for cheap good New Orleans style food. They even have Chinese food if u want a different taste. Took a $12 uber from French quarter and it was the best ever. I literally ordered everything off the menu to include crabs, fried shrimp, boudin, sausage, corn, chicken, etc!!! Get away from the tourist side and travel this wayAwesome place to go for the Best seafood in town. Super friendly staff great tasty food great prices convenient location can't ask for more. 
And they always have specials.Back in New York. Wish Sal's was around the corner! The boiled shrimp and crawfish are to die for.The shrimp and oyster poboys,fully dressed, were great! The price is right!The place was packed with locals.Just going by the crawfish. It's way too hot. Not many folks can eat it like that. Plus the meat is hard. They might have boiled it too long. Same thing with their potato. They don't use red potato. It was regular ones. Not good eat. 
Go to Cajun Seafood for milder ones.The place doesn't look like much from the outside but the food is pretty rocking. Super cheap and tons of food. Can't really ask for more. Just don't go expecting anything healthy.Amazing crawfish and seafood platter!! It was a great local find while in New Orleans. Quick service!Just good, fast sandwiches and plates. They also have Chinese food which is probably ok too. I'd definitely go back.Don't be afraid of the neighborhood or the looks of this place. Excellent crawfish and prices.Great food!!
I had an amazing soft shell crab PoBoy. My father had seafood gumbo which was also damn good. 
If your ever in this area people go here. You won't regret it.We took a cab ride to Sal's. Not gonna lie to you, we were a little freaked out by the neighborhood, but went in anyway. It was a Wednesday and they a special on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday , boiled crawfish for $2.49 per lb. Our group ordered 10 lbs of crawfish, some sausage, corn and potatoes. Let me just say, hands down the best place we ate on Nola. Not to mention,our ticket was $48 bucks. One if the highlights of the trip.The Chinese food here was HORRIBLE, the line to order and the wait were both long, the inside wasmdirty and unkempt, and it was overall an unpleasant experience.Generous and tasty shrimp po-boy maybe a little salty. Nice people. Order was made very quickly. I don't get why everyone says the place is sketchy. Unless you think every place on st Claude is sketchy. Honestly, the customers were a bunch of old, working class people who seemed very nice.I joined a gym because I can't stop eating here.
Catfish po-boy big as a house? Packed with crispy fish on soft flakey bread? Check! Fried shrimp po-boy with shrimp falling into your lap? Check! Above-average fast-food style fried chicken? Check! Handy side business of packed frozen seafood to take home? Check! 
What's this about meat pies? I never saw any meat pies! I've always been blinded by the catfish. I have to go there RIGHT EFFING NOW!!!Wasn't what I expected when we pulled up looks like a regular corner store but to my surprise they have Real good food shrimp poboy was packed with shrimp crawfish were good tooI really frickin LOVE the shrimp po-boys.  
They serve fried chicken dinners, chinese fast food, and po-boys!  The portions are huge, like they dont skimp on the shrimp!  Every bite i took, three deep fried breaded shrimp fell out and there were plenty more where that came from.  The breading was pretty salty but it made for a really great po-boy.  I don't suggest the oysters, though. blech.
The shrimp in the shrimp fried rice is kinda soggy but still really yummy.  They also sell cans and bottles of beer and i can't be sure but i think they might be open 24 hours.  Don't quote me!Its a hood spot for sure.However hood spots have he best food and their crawfish per pound is great.Its either 2.13 or 2.49 per pound a FAR cry from the 12 dollars a pound the quarter tries to sell you.The chicken is great and hot.Togo cooked crawfish is just right! Price was right, flavor was right (perfectly spicy!), service was fast, crawfish tasted fresh, had good sausage and potatoes as well. Definitely a great afternoon stop during crawfish season for a picnic.This place was great, there shrimp.p.o. boy was filled with shrimp and the cajun crayfish was very good, especially for my first time eating them. The price for our food was only 11 dollars, not bad at all for getting a p.o. boy, Haley pound of crayfish and shrimp. The only thing that I didn't like was the shrimp was over cooked. But overall this is the place you should go to for a low cost with good good.Yum. Don't go to Cajuns come here. Their crawfish is good and cheap. Spicy and juicy!!!!Very great service, awesome quality fresh seafood. Very reasonable price. Excellent gumbo, hands down. Also, they have Chinese food.Where else but in Louisiana can you find a place that does good po-boys, decent Chinese food, good chicken and caters? Oh...and you can buy fresh (?) seafood there as well. It's an odd mix but after eating a good Shrimp (Shrimp were a bit small bot otherwise, pretty good)  Po-boy, some really crispy fries and one of the best meat pies ever, I'm a fan. 
Like many of the best places in NOLA, it seems a bit dodgy on the outside (just like out lost and beloved Verti Marte) and once you go in, it still seems dodgy...but it smells like good food. 
And it tastes like good food too.
It won't make me slap my mama, but it's pretty darned good. Oh, and cheap.Food is fresh, but you know it's frozen.  While I do understand this is the way they keep the prices down, I don't think it necessary, especially in NEW ORLEANS.  Plus the wait times are always long... the fried fish is puffy, ughhhhh... I'd just rather put a few more dollars with it and get something else where.The shrimp on a bun is absolutely delicious! They always prepare it quickly and it's cheap.  Definitely a great spot to grab lunchMy roommate gets crawfish here every other day during season. It's kind of crazy but I always find myself eating a couple. 
Sal's are spicy, buttery, and garlicky. They're pretty good. Sometimes the potatoes are almost too spicy and I like spice. To be honest I do prefer Cajuns on Claiborne, there's some kind of nuance to their boil that I think might be clove or anise that Sal's doesn't use. (Hence the four stars). 
Oh also the crawfish are half price on Tuesdays and they're only like 2.50 a pound rn so there's that. Now that crab seasons here I will go try those and keep y'all updated.I actually loved this place .very good food even though not cheap compared with other similar places. But today they were so damn rude! We called them 10 mins in advance to let them know we were going to pick up some food ( apparently they dont accept orders by phone). When we got there (before 9pm i swear) they already closed the door and we knocked the door they even didnt respond but ignored us like we were beggers.
Thats really rude ! I mean i know i am in new prleans and should not have expatations on service. But i heard this is a family business running for years and i think this is wrong for running a business.Basically my dirty little secret. The portions are out of control and I'm no longer ashamed to admit, that I can -and will- polish these dishes off, happily. Food is fresh and cooked to order. Service is quick & friendly. Atmosphere, not so much, but it's clean and has ample seating. Yakemein and lo mein are personal favorites.What can I say.  I had my first po boy here and I wasn't disappointed.  Fried shrimp was everywhere!  I never seen a sandwich so packed before.  With every bite, fried shrimp was falling and I just picked them up with my fingers and gobbled it down.  None are going to escape!
Mmmm...especially with some fries these hit the spot after gutting some homes.  It was one of the fews food places that were open last year near the 9th ward.  I think it was owned by asians too haha you can count on them to be still open.  Thank ya!!Ah, Capt. Sal's...the place to go when you are super hungry or need to purchase enough food to last for two days dirt cheap.  They have a seafood platter for 11 bucks in which they give you catfish, popcorn shrimp, and oysters (all fried), with  salad, bread,  fries, and a medium drink.  It is so much food, they have to tape down the lid of the Styrofoam to-go carton!  Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout!
This isn't complicated food or a fancy place.  It is however one of the best bargains when it comes to seafood that I've ever found.Capt. Sal's Seafood & Chicken has several specials going on that includes boiled Crawfish $2.49 per pound on Tuesdays Wednesdays, Thursdays; buy 1 get 1 half off 12 in shirmp po boys; buy 1 get 1 half off shrimp plate; buy 1 get 1 half off 12 in fish po boys; buy 1 get 1 half off fish plate. 
My husband and I came by here last Wednesday looking for something for dinner a little before 7 pm. We were greeted by the employee behind the register and then ended up ordering the following:
Boiled Shrimp, $6.99 per pound prior to tax- This shrimp was juicy but a little on the spicy side for me so I only had a little. But my husband finished it off over a few days (even better with a side of rice). For the price, this is a good deal. 
Buy 1 ($7.99 prior to tax) Get 1 Half Off ($4.00 prior to tax) 12 in Shirmp Po Boy Special- One of my must eats when visiting New Orleans is to have a po boy sandwich. The po boy sandwich we had was plenty and made for a few meals over a few days. I thought the fried shrimp was made well, just needed to drain/ blot the oil off a bit more. I thought the shredded lettuce, sliced tomato and mayo tasted great with the fried shrimp that was on top of a tasty light sandwich bread. 
Chef Salad, $5.99 prior to tax- This chef salad was pretty generation in terms of portion size and made for enough to share for the 2 of us. This salad came with a lot of sliced ham luncheon meat, cheese, pickles, 1 hard boiled egg sliced, sliced tomatoes and cucumbers. Although I don't eat my salad with ham luncheon meat and cheese, I still think the price for the portion size of this salad is a great deal (if I knew that the ham and cheese were added on the salad, I would have asked to omit it or maybe even have it added on the side). Wished it was made with the healthy dark green leafys instead of the cheap iceberg lettuce. 
--------------------------
(Total= $27.47 after tax)
Service was friendly and wait time for food wasn't too long. I would come back here again for their seafood.always a great poboy.    always a big serving, and fast.    there's a reason why the local workers come here.   the french fries are also crispy and tasty.
the deals of buy one get one half price? yeah.
this is my mans usual cheeseburger poboy spot.    for me?  shrimp.
keep it up.  y'all rock.Bizarre. Just ordered and paid for a 3 piece dark combo with fried rice and a French fry poboy. Instead, got the combo with fries and a side of fried rice. I asked for the poboy that was ordered and the cashier asked for the fried rice back. Whatever, I thought, not gonna argue about it. So my bf starts to eat the fries that he got instead of the rice he ordered. While waiting, the cashier comes to the table to demand the half eaten fries back to put on my poboy. I tried to explain that we paid for a combo (chicken, side and drink) and a poboy and as it stands we only have the combo. He threw a fit. Finally manager came over and agreed to simply bring out rest of our order. I'm so sick now I can't eat it. Free French fry poboy at captain Sal's if you want.OK, it's this place in a sketchy part of St. Claude in the Bywater and when you walk in your first impulse is to turn and run. I understand, really I do. But, I have to tell you, I've been eating here for years and the boiled seafood is excellent, the crawfish in particular are priced right and its always a great spicy boil. The shrimp boils are also excellent and I've had great po boys here, the shrimp in particular is very good, not the best I've had, but very good.
No experience with the chicken, but I'd take Popeye's from down the street any day if I wanted fried chicken.
Solid take out sea food, very good pricing and great hours.The shrimp platter is bountiful and reasonably priced. I haven't had the buffalo chicken wings but I was told by some coworkers that they too are top notch.Delicious - great price. I highly recommend the Catfish PoBoy and the Fried Shrimp plate. Wow you will be amazed at how much food they put in a box. The staff is always friendly too. Thanks : ) I love this place!I wouldn't recommend the Chinese food, it's pretty terrible, but they have pretty good buffalo wings and all the food is at a good price.Had their corn, chicken and sausage gumbo, and crawfish. Their gumbo was pretty good. Their corn was really spicy, but flavorful. Their boiled crawfish was really good. I have to try their jambalaya and seafood gumbo and will re-edit my review.Today, my girly is eating lunch at "American Sector" in the WWII museum.
So I stopped at Sal's on the way back to get some friend chicken (Since she won't eat chicken off the bone).
I also picked up two more of those awesome meat pies.
Ok. While I won't be slapping my mama over the chicken, I would be happy slap someone else's mama if you would like. It was crispy and juicy and in all honesty, put a couple of famous chicken places around here to shame *cough-cough-Dooky Chase-hack-Cough-WIllie May's-Snort-cough*
I wish I didn't just type those words (not just because of all the asterisks). I was seriously impressed.
And as always, the meat pies were groovy.
Oh...and a 4 piece mix meal and two meat pies cost me a whole 8 bucks. 
Yeah. I'm cheap, but I liked the food a WHOLE lot more than some places that charged me 12-13 bucks for 2 pieces.The food is PHENOMENAL!! Couldn't ask for a better experience. Not a formal place but would highly recommend anything on the menu. If you can get take out and eat at home, that's awesome, if not, there are a few tables to eat there. But seriously, the crawfish and crawfish boudin is TO DIE FOR. I will take some back home with me to share with my mama!!We were Po Boy hoppin two years ago and discovered Capt Sals.  This year this was the first place we visited.  One big disappointment is they stopped their buy one get second po boy for half price.  Big big bummer but I can't fault them for that.  The amount of shrimp everywhere in NOLA was reduced, must be a shortage or high prices but there was still plenty of shrimp in the po boy just not near as much as two years ago.  Good taste nice bread.  We got a boudin as well and it was good.  Not fancy in many ways but still I rate it 5/5 overall.This place has awesome catfish (6.99) and shrimp (8.99) 12 inch Po-boys! Cooked hot and fresh to order. Also shrimp fried rice and hot boiled crawfish (4.99 a lb, or 3.99 lb over 10 lbs). It's NOT a tourist place! It's a whole in the wall type local place, with inexpensive, really good comfort food.This is perfect hole in the wall! Local spot and hidden gem along side these overpriced food spots in the French Quarter! It's Asian / Cajun. You will see all walks of life wondering and eating here. Just give it a try! It may not be a "dine in" for all but you can easily carryout! The prices are great and you get so much food! Their shrimp fried rice is my favorite...and the corn and crayfish are a hit with my fam! It's has a little of everything for everyone..the picky chicken fingers n fried only sort of crowd to the spice is life New Orleans crawfish loving crowd. A definite try if your in the areaGreat place to get fried seafood, PoBoys and Chinese food. Not fancy at all. It's a local place that gives you very good food at a more than fair price. I have a large family and when we're all together, or I have people in from out of town, it's where I go to feed a large crew without breaking the bank. Honestly, you'll be hard pressed to find better fried seafood at any price. So, if you're looking to pick up food to take home or you're not on a romantic date where you need fancy plates and waiters, etc., this is a great place to eat.This is the New Orleans food I crave when I am any where else that life takes me.  I always get their fried shrimp po-boy with a side of red beans.The food is not bad and the portions are enormous. A seafood platter is enough for 2 people. The service is definitely lacking. The staff seems genuinely confused. By confused I mean to say that it is as if a space ship dropped them off on a foreign planet and demanded that they complete a task in order to save themselves from the wrath of Zagaroth. The body confident young lady whom I asked for condiments looked at me as though I was trying to rob the place. I was in a dress shirt and dress shoes, well groomed. She looked over at my girlfriend to ensure that we did purchase food as if I had walked in off the street to scam free cocktail sauce. Then she was visibly aggrieved when I asked for one more. I guess that is how they control food cost-condiments. Well, they need too. I won't be back.Shrimp poboy was incredible.  Unfortunately smoke from their little "gaming" stall ruined the experience.   Next time I will def order take out.Don't be put off by the exterior- inside, this is so far the best food we've had on our trip. A 12-inch po boy and a quart of shrimp yakamein ran us about 13 bucks. The po boy was massive and fed us for two days. The yakamein was a physically and spiritually curative experience. Divine.I've had the seafood gumbo twice, delicious, both small and large are much more generously sized than I expected (the large is big enough for 4 bowls).  I've also gotten the combo fish/oyster and fish/shrimp sandwich, both excellent -- ask for some hot sauce if, like me, you prefer some on it.  I got a big serving of crawfish -- well-seasoned and tender.  I'm a tourist so what do I know, other than it was totally satisfying, a bargain for the amount of food (especially considering what this cuisine costs where I live), and I'm likely to come back.  
Non-food notes: it's a hole-in-the-wall.  SciFy channel blares on a tv mounted in one side.  Whenever I've been there's plenty of seating; most people seem to get to-go.  It's in that genre of restaurant that's appealing because it's kinda depressing but therapeutic.  I'm not sure I'd go on a first or even second date here -- maybe a 5th date when you're really just gonna go home, scrump and end up both smelling like creole spice everywhere, then flick on SciFy to see what's on...Shrimp Po'boys are delicious and packed full of shrimp. The rice and beans are amazing. The food is so cheap! I love it hereVery good, the hot sauce was my favorite thing and the plate was big enough to feed 3 people.Absolutely loved this place. The perfect drop in and drop our location. Definitely not a dine in. After going to about 3 different locations through New Orleans, this was the clear destination we should've been to first. The crawfish isn't even in season but this place has managed to still have the juiceist in town! The boiled juices are spicy enough to make you enjoy the seafood but not pass out. The crabs were a bit pricey but they were also booked nicely. Nothing was overcooked or unenjoyable. I tried the sausage but didn't like the look of the meat. It was sort of discolored, so I didn't eat it because I didn't want to risk getting sick. All in all,I would  easily come back foe the crawfish, worth every penny!Something fast and cheap, food is good and the wait is not long. Friendly environment you can dine in or take out.Best seafood near bywater area! The flavor on all the boiled seafood is so good and has a nice kick to it without being overwhelming. Poboys are overstuffed and fried to perfection! 
The store is clean and all of the employees are following the mask mandate during the pandemic. Plus extra bonus points for having a parking lot!