Come here every time I am in NOLA, nice change of pace from the fried evenings and everything's but today, oh boy slow AF! Total visit almost two hours for a sandwich from order to time of departure. A Saturday, but no excuse. We a party of four, my colleagues finished lunch before I did. The young woman taking the order keep leaving the cash box to do I don't know what. Will I be back? Prob not, unfortunate, high hopes love supporting green venues but...Meh. I get the concept, and even though I'm not a vegan I typically like fresh and healthy options. Here, though, things are just a little bit off. "Tropical" is rarely my number one choice, but if I opt in I hope for a nice balance of sweet, salty, and spicy. Our table ordered three different things, and none of them were balanced. 
As previous reviews have stated, the menu is pretty misleading. I recommend asking a lot of questions, and hoping your braless waitress is not as laissez-faire about explaining as ours was. 
Not a huge fan of the decor either, it aims for modern artsy but falls just a little short. 
And lastly, our bar drinks took almost 30 minutes on a pretty uncrowded night. We were seated right in front of the bar, so could see that though they were muddled soon enough nobody bothered to pour in the alcohol and mixers! In total we were there two hours, which is just too long on a weeknight not by choice. 
Unless you're a hippy with no strong feelings about professionalism in restaurants, this is a pass. With so many great options in NOLA, why bother.I wish I could give this place even more stars. It is sooooo good! Went there while visiting NO. The drinks were delicious. The food was delicious. The servers were friendly and helpful. I enjoyed my vegan meal. The omnivore I ate with enjoyed her meal. We both enjoyed the desserts. It was so good that we chose to eat dinner there again the next day.Fantastic find off the normal Nola cuisine beaten path. Great vegetarian and vegan options.  The Brazilian cheese balls and Roti dish were fantastic!What a delight! The food was so fresh, yummy, and interesting. The staff was so kind and friendly. The decor and ambience was perfect for a casual or even smart dinner. Loved it!One of my favorite restaurants in the NOLAN culinary landscape. From the acarajé pea fritter - amazing to the pâo de qeijo- cheese bread- to die for,  all the way to the caipirinhas which are as good as you get in rio or sâo Paulo. This is the best of the best. Dr Mountcastle approves.FRESH, FLAVORFUL, FANTASTIC!! Thank goodness this place exists.  It is so hard to find healthy food in the south, let alone food to make your tastebuds sing! I personally eat healthy and fresh, but hate when that means flavor is sacrificed. Not the case here!!!! Better than the other highly trafficked, highly rated ( without much reason) places in NOLA. I cook great food at home, so when I go out, I want to be surprised and pleased by my meal. Success on both accounts!
The staff was genuinely warm, inviting, and friendly. You place your order up front, take a seat, and they bring your order to your table.  
We had the Crispin pear apple cider-smelled like gorgeous pear perfume, and my sister raved about it all weekend.  The quinoa salad was perfectly balanced, nutty with quinoa perfectly prepared, black beans for savory flare, peppers for spice and color, some organic baby greens, and a cilantro lime vinaigrette. Some toasted seeds on top for crunch and further flavor. Licked this one clean!! Then the breadless pulled pork sandwich atop plantain with fresh avocado and tomato.  Decor is very island/tropical feel. Worth any amount of walking!!! Wish we would have eaten here the whole time we were in new Orleans because nothing else could compare in deliciousness!One of my favorite places for date night! Parking is street parking but after 7pm, it's free. May have to walk a few blocks if it's peak hours. But that's ok because the restaurant has the best salads in town! My husband and I always get the Carmo salad and the Esmeralda salad. The warm Brazilian cheese bread that's crunchy on the outside and melty on the inside is divine! I can eat a whole plate by myself! The soup du jour is always exotic and flavorful. I love everything on the menu except I was not crazy about the pizza. Prices are reasonable.I got the pork rico. It had a good serving of pulled pork and the plantains were tasty. The salad and dressing were also excellent. The staff were incredibly kind and helpful. It was so refreshing to find a relaxed place with vegetable options and more than fried sandwiches so close to the convention centerDelicious! My family has eaten here twice in one week! Fresh great food! We love this place! Shanna was our waitress and she was friendly and attentive. We'll be back!!Carmo is an absolute delight in New Orleans. If you are tired of getting the not-so-healthy foods that many visitors to the city eat (fried, heavy in butter and oil), absolutely make your way out to this restaurant.
Pros:
+ The kottu roti was insanely good. I'd go back to New Orleans just for this dish, it was that amazing. We were told that you can also special order it with egg, which sounds even better. Wow.
+ The service was splendid.
Cons:
- Both the Salpicão (Brazilian Chicken Salad) and the Burmese Tea Leaf Salad were average to even possibly ehh. I was surprised, given how wonderful the kottu roti was.
I would 100% return to Carmo the next time I am in New Orleans.Light. Fresh. And heartily crafted. In a city full of tasty yet unhealthy food... this place leaves you wanting more just like it! Sooo delicious! Unassuming, but stands out on its own. Try it; you'll see...Wow such a cute and vibrant restaurant with an amazing selection of vegan food on the menu and specials! Everything was cooked, seasoned and presented perfectly and it was a lovely dining experience with attentive servers. 
I enjoyed so much the vegan 'cheese' filled Pao which I will definitely be back for again! The special appetiser of Brussel sprouts was lovely as were the entrees; in fact there was so much to choose from I need to go again and work my way through the menu!I first went to Carmo a few weeks ago and have been looking for an excuse to drag someone back there for a while now. I ordered their special of the day, I believe it was called Haitian Pork Creole, the serving size was rather generous and the two sides that came with it were fantastic. When I finished I felt full, but not uncomfortable (even though I probably ate a little more than I usually do at lunch). The set up for ordering is a little wonky for the first time, but after the fact I'm not entirely sure why my party (myself included) had such a hard time grasping the idea of "order at the counter directly in front of you, give them your name, they will bring it out to your table."
The service was very courteous and accommodating even though we had a somewhat large party (I believe we had 8), we sat down at what we thought was a large enough table and then ended up moving when another opened up and they cleaned it up quickly just for us, even though that meant they had to clean another table we hadn't even really used yet.
For the time being I will continue to dream of their food until I get myself over there from uptown.Decent food, nice server. They don't bring you water automatically, which is fine...but they also choose not to tell you this. Our server was very slow to bring our first round of drinks, then our food came, our drinks were gone, I'm absolutely parched...she finally takes another drink order after we've been eating without any beverages for a solid 10 minutes, which again took forever to fill and in the mean time when I could finally get her attention I asked for water, she explains that unless asked they don't bring water. At this point I've been dying for some water for quite some time, between me asking for water and actually bringing us water she brought another table water, refilled another tables water glasses and still never brought our wine/cocktails. The server was mostly unavailable (but friendly when she was) and then finally, when we've been at the restaurant for 45 minutes, she brought us tiny cups of water which I finished in less than 30 seconds...I was never offered a refill. I mean...come on!?! It was hot, my food was rich, water was needed and it kinda marred my meal, I hate to say it. Seems like an okay spot but the service...Words to describe Carmo: fresh, delicious, light, full of flavor, wonderful!
Five stars for food, service, and ambience. Really a wonderful treat and a break from the norm when you feel all you can get is fried food in NOLA.I am a vegetarian and in NOLA finding Carmo on Yelp was like an oasis in the desert.  I am from the SF Bay Area and perhaps my expectations of service are a bit demanding compared to what passes here.  The service was slow and seemingly chaotic.  The lady taking orders was very pleasant overall.  The food took about 30 min to come.
Food: I got the Esmaralda salad which was both delish with bursts of spice and filling.  And I tried one of exotic fruit juice drinks - I probably should have just ordered a mojito.. the drink was meh.
I would love to go back and try more things on the menu!YUM!! I love the salads here and the drinks are all superb. Pan de Quiejo is alright but the real star is the Esmeralda Salad. The Rico weirded me out because the vegan one tasted so much like meat... This is my favorite date place.Very cool folks who know how to show some vegan love.  Sit at the bar and order some coconut milk and chill on the tropical vibes from the speakers.Enjoyed a vegetarian dinner in a city where finding great food without meat or seafood is no easy task. Loved the Broken Noodle Salad and the Burmese Tea Leaf Salad. Rounded that off with some Caribbean Banana Cake. May have to go back in a day or so.Fantastic vegan ceviche.  Great Pao de Queijo(cheesy bread).  My father had the kottu and loved it.  I had the Rico with veggie option.  Vanessa was Wonderful.  Restaurant is beautiful. People are great.Ive eaten here several times and almost always left satisfied with my meal. They are pretty food flexible when swapping out items and one of the few vegan restuaruants in the area.  Their specials have proven to be the most delicious things on the menu. 
They are very green friendly too, if you het your order togo the utinsles are even biodegradable.Carmo is AMAZING. There were a few vegetarians in my group, and they were also amazed at Carmo. It's very difficult to find veggie-friendly options in NOLA, but Carmo is the best. My vegetarian friend also went to Green Goddess but had a more difficult time choosing between the wide range of veggie options at Carmo. I was able to get seafood gumbo (there was also a vegan option) and the broken noodle salad (pretty much Vietnamese vermicelli dish)...WOW! There are also a lot of great smoothie and juice options as well. If you check in on Yelp, you get an extra 10% off!I was visiting for a conference and was searching for an authentic New Orleans experience that offered Plant Based options.  One of the servers in the bar of my hotel told me about Carmo and low and behold, when I looked it up on Yelp, I already had it bookmarked, so I was in!  I went the following day for lunch and it was amazing.  I took a carnivore friend and she enjoyed it equally.  The gentlemen who took our order recommended the Rico and that is what we both had, mine Vegan style, her's regular.  The flavors were amazing and everything was fresh.  I am a "foodie" even though plant based and I have to say, this is one of the best plant based dishes I've had to date.  
I tried another Vegan spot in the area that night for dinner and was completely disappointed.  Carmo is the place to go, Vegan or not!This place is amazing!!  The vegan options are phenomenal--for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  I totally recommend the vegan pao (Brazilian cheese bread), the Rico "sandwich," and the Pan con Chicharron (on the breakfast menu).  I was recently at a conference in New Orleans and managed to eat at Carmo's three times in five days because it was SO AMAZINGGGG!The only place I had the chance to eat at during a short trip in NOLA. Amazing food... Literally everything was incredible.This is one of my favorite restaurants, in life, period.  The food is unique, fresh, and memorable. The last time I was here before today was almost 4 years ago and I still remember my whole meal because it was that good. I returned today and was wowed again.
Their special was bacalao. I grew up eating bacalao and I cook it all the time so I was nervous to see how a restaurant cooks it since it isn't a common dish. I was blown away. It was delicious and they completely added their own spin on it. The salted cod was not salty and instead of pairing it with rice, they used potatoes. I loved it. I also had the Peruvian ceviche. I also eat and prepare ceviche all the time. This was the best ceviche I have ever had. I say this with 100% confidence. I have never had a better ceviche. My mouth waters thinking of it!!!
The cheese bread is also amazing. 
I think the price is parallel to the quality. The food quality is excellent here. Their service is also amazing. I'm just continuously impressed with CarmosEating my way through New Orleans. Yes...there is vegan food in NOLA!! I love discovering new and different places to eat when I travel. This place had plenty of vegan options with LOTS of flavor!! I ordered the vegan Rico plate, Pāo de Queijio (cheese bread, vegan for me!) and the freshest, sweetest Mango juice. I wanted to dive in it head first!  My tummy is full and happy!!
.
.
.
.
.
.
#carmo #neworleans #nola #vegan #getinmybelly #bec #ontour #foodie #fatty #traveleats #vacation #livelifelivingA mainly vegetarian eatery that combines unpretentious charm with really good food. The rum-smoked yellow fin tuna is worth the trip on its own, but Carmo has great soups and salads, too. Try the broken noodle salad; I have never had a fresher, better composed salad than this dish. Don't miss the interesting cocktails, either. Now all I have to do is figure out how tuck the entire place into my suitcase and smuggle it back to Miami. :DThey seated us across from a woman who had vomited on herself and was passed out. We informed staff that we weren't ok with the seating as the woman began to vomit on herself again.  The manager asked us to give him 5 minutes so they could seat us somewhere else.
We went outside to discuss if we still wanted to eat at the restaurant and why they hadn't removed the woman.  Before we could make a decision, the manager came out and berated us for leaving and not letting him know we were leaving.  He was very angry even though we weren't the ones vomiting in his restaurant.
We might have gone back at some point in the near future, but not now.  It was bad enough that there was a woman throwing up on herself, but to be berated for questioning among ourselves if we were still hungry after what we saw. Wow.  This is how not to handle customers when things go wrong.Shame on the Esmeralda salad.
The full size salad was tiny, unfulfilling, and boring. Flavor was fine, but it was about 1 cup of quinoa with some beans and seeds sprinkled on. Literally 5 lettuce leaves around. Paid ~$13 to Leave starving.
Also, the restaurant was out of the juice i wanted and all 5 empty tables in the front area near the windows were left dirty and unbussed, leaving only the dark back alley to sit in. 
Looks like it could be a good place, but they failed badly on a fri at 2pmGreat food. Great folks. A casual dining room with a super talented kitchen. Not super super cheap but worth every penny. We stayed on the veggie side of the menu but it seems equally well kitted out for omnivores. The Rico sandwich, the broken noodle, and the cocktail with the cashew fruit juice were all outstanding. Enjoyed a Tiger lager from Singapore as well. Ate here twice on our short trip.I had the Esmeralda salad - which was delicious - and Graviola juice. My friend recommended the juice otherwise I never would have tried it on my own. It was mild but tasty. Next time, I'm going back for the Rico.I love them! The food tastes as good as it is presented, and the staff is lovely too! It is a pleasure to savor all the various flavors. I have had the drunken noodle, and the Burmese salad many times by now. It is a must visit when in New Orleans - one of the best vegetarian friendly places not only in New Orleans, but anywhere in the world.Met my college friend who lives in Nola here for drinks. 
First, what a wonderful restaurant with healthier options than gravy fried gravy? I love my roux laden foods, but sometimes a girlfriend gotta watch her figure and be heart healthy. Menu is extensive and offers lots of delicious, substantial salads.
Drinks are great and cheaper than other cocktail bars. Outdoor seating on the sidewalk is great, especially at night when you can chill and people watch in the Warehouse district.
MFresh, light, delicious. Carmo is a welcome change from the sea of fried food and grease that is New Orleans food. The prices are reasonable, the service is kind, and the wines by the glass are excellent. We need more like this in the city!Very vegan friendly and yummy. Also great cocktails, wonderful service, great atmosphere!Cute spot for a bite. I got the Carmo salad which was a bit too much rice for my liking but not bad. The bread less sandwich with pulled pork was much more tasty. Small back bar and reasonably priced cocktails.The food here is quite good and vegetarian friendly. The juices are amazing. We had the rico sandwich and esmeralda both made vegan and it was very good. We also had banana bread for desert which was also good. It was warm but not intolerable as it was August.Great vegan food, can be a bit pricey for the served ammount BUT it is so delicious it makes up for it. They have a very yummy sangria!The fare at Carmo is hard to pin down.  In short, it's pretty good.  Carmo reminds me of a vegan restaurant in that the staff, ambiance and menu is very granola, but they definitely serve meat.  In fact, the special last night was chicken.  So I don't know.  I would say is tropical food.  I'd recommend holding onto the menu after you order, so you can recap exactly what's in your dish.  Our server Drew was very attentive and a totally nice guy.  I think he was also making drinks.  He was a good server and clearly enthusiastic about the restaurant.  I appreciate that.
For apps, we had the tiradito and the quinoa/sweet potato fritters.  The tiradito was sashimi topped with a nacho cheese looking sauce, which tasted nothing like nacho cheese.  The slices of fish were a little thick and the fish was slightly lower in quality than what I expect for sashimi.  Still, the sauce helped although the color was off-putting. I'll pass next time.  Fritters were tasty and served with aioli (probably was not aioli).  Fritters were a solid 3/5.
Shari V and I split a mid course of heirloom tomatoes.  Two types of heirlooms thinly slice and served with a dressing, which tasted tomato-based.  It was decent.  
Carmo came alive for the entrees.  I had the Kottu Roti.  It was labeled as Sri Lankan street food.  I was sold.  I know nothing about Sri Lanka.  Now I know they have awesome street food called Kottu Roti. For a long time, I thought Blanka from Street Fighter was from Sri Lanka.  He is not.  Back to the dish.  It was fried flat bread with lots of peppers served with curry on the side.  Curry was at first sweet with a subtle spicy aftertaste.  
I was very impressed with my entree so we ordered a slice of banana cake for dessert.  That was also excellent.  Carmo started off slow but finished strong.  I had no idea what to order at Carmo.  The menu was foreign to me.  It was a fun dinner with a few wins.  We will repeat but probably not making any special trips.Delicious, imaginative dishes, great service, and cool vibe. Our experience at Carmo could not have been better. Highly recommended!Awesome spot for a light, fresh meal in the CBD area - especially for lunch. Unique menu with interesting Latin American flavors. Favorite dishes I've ordered there are the Rico (plantain party with pulled pork) and the Carmo Salad that comes with this amazing mango vinaigrette. Also, my vegan friends love this place for all the different yummy dishes they can eat here.My Friend and I wanted to Give Carmo a Try because It was only maybe 3 to 4 blocks from our Hotel.So we figured why not do it on our last day before heading to the Airport for our flight Home.Granted the food was good,but the service itself is left to be desired.The whole ordering Process got our head spinning .First , you have to go to the Counter and grab your glass of water,than you need to proceed to the cashier with your menu in hand and point to the meal of your choice,after this process you now return to the table that you are assigned to and wait indefinitely for your food.I had to wait 25 minutes for our Bowl of soup and another 20 for our entrée.Thank God we were not pressed for time otherwise we could have not stayed.Though our food was flavorful and all I do not think that we would go back if or when we visit NOLA once again.I love this spot! It has a ton of vegan options but also good for your meat eating friends. Between my girlfriend and I we shared three dishes and we loved each one of them. The vegan ceviche was particularly phenomenal to me. The bartender was very attentive and suggested ways we could enjoy our dish more authentically. There is a Latin American vibe to the place and I want to say it is mostly a Brazilian style spot. At least it started that way. We will be back!Amazing food and juices. Please try everything you have a chance to try I was fortunate enough to do so and enjoyed it all. I did eat there 3 or the 4 days I was in Nawlins. I high recommend, also make sure you make a  reservation because it can get full and require a wait.So disappointing. We had high hopes after seeing a long line out the door during lunch, and all the stellar reviews. We arrived slightly early for a 7:45 dinner reservation and found confusion, a bit of discord and general messiness. After waiting to get the hostess's attention, we discovered that our table was not ready -- no problem since we were 20 minutes early, so we went to the small bar in the back of the restaurant. There we found a nice but overworked bartender who was very focused on her work but didn't notice us. After 10 minutes a few people left and we took seats at the bar, jockeying for space among trays, condiments and glasses. The drinks were good and the bartender friendly, once she got to us. The hostess, however, forgot about us, and that was the theme of the evening. I went to check on the status of our table  (now 15 minutes after our reservation time), and she had no memory of us or that she had sent us to the bar. Ten minutes later we were seated, and waters poured and orders quickly taken. Then....nothing. 20, 30, 40, 50 minutes .. no food (we ordered salad, starter and mains). . . And worst of all, no communication. No updates, no "here's some bread while you wait" -- nothing. An hour in I found our server, who promptly blamed the kitchen. No ownership of the situation. Five minutes later the manager (owner?) came out with our mains, and apologized for the tardiness. No salads, no starter-- oops! He took the mains back and promised to re-make them, while he got the salads and starter. He blamed a rush of conventioneers and kitchen no shows. I get it...but this place is a few hundred yards from the Convention Center. Isn't a lot of foot traffic a good thing (and the norm)? Net net, the food was pretty good, although when the mains re-emerged, they were lukewarm. 
Advice to management: please pay attention to details, and communicate with your patrons. Also, clean the place up a bit--wires on the floor, waste bins overflowing with trash, generally not clean.So I thought this was a fancier place than it was but they did not disappoint me or my date at all.  They had a large selection of juices and most of them were once neither my date nor I had ever tried.  I came up with the idea of sampling all of them and the staff made it happen.  We enjoyed a juice flight while we waited on dinner.  
Dinner was excelent.  And at the end we decided to get their dessert which was a blueberry chocolate chunk brownie.  I would recomend this place to anyone without any hesitation.Loved this place. Great options for vegans and carnivores alike. The food is delicious, interesting, and beautifully presented. The vegan rico alone is worth the trip.Favorites salpicao and banquette w havarti.  Service is good and staff are friendly just don't go during lunch rush. Plan and call ahead.  It's a popular place in warehouse district so do takeout if you don't have a lot of time.i love this place. i have been to new orleans about 4 times in the past 3 years, and i was a little over the new orleans food.  the food at carmo was so much lighter, than the typical food you will find in NoLa, yet it is still very filling.  I loved their cupuacu!!! i also like that they are environmentally and socially conscious and feature dishes with information about their origins.This place is so great. We wanted a break from the filling southern food for a few days and I wish I had known about it earlier. Fresh food. LOTS OF GREEN options and friendly wait staff. Pretty casual but super cute environment. Will be back next year.Café Carmo is a South American eatery on the Arts District area of Atlanta, near many of the city's museums. While lunch is ordered at the counter, the restaurant is pretty good sized and I expect that dinner may be served at the table. The staff was friendly albeit a bit impatient with someone who was unfamiliar with their menu and had very hungry children.
We ordered as Esmerelda Salad, which was romaine and spinach topped with quinoa, black beans, corn cotija, and cilantro and drizzled with chile lime vinaigrette.  I was disappointed by the salad - the quinoa was underseasoned and added nothing to the salad.  The vinaigrette had no detectable flavor.  It was not a bad salad, it just was not worth the special trip.  We also had the Cambodian Coconut Seafood Soup.  It was a yellow coconut curry soup with bell peppers, onions, tomatoes and not a single piece of "seafood."  It had only dry chicken.  I liked the broth and the veggies, but the chicken left a lot to be desired and it should not be called "seafood."  B had the Rico, which was grilled plantain topped with pulled pork, avocado, salsa fresca and "Rico" sauce and was served with mixed greens in a mango vinaigrette.  It was the best dish at the table.  The meat was tender and well seasoned, and the griddled plantain was a nice base.  The sweet and tangy vinaigrette on the greens was far more interesting than the vinaigrette on our salad.  The LOs each had a "Banquette Bread," which is an Armenian flatbread.  C's as plain with Havarti cheese and scallions.  B was the "Creole" one with tomato, peppers, onions, Havarti and shrimp.  These were both interesting in that they were thin Armenian crisp breads that were light and flakey.  I also liked these.  I would give the soup and salad 2 stars and I would give the Rico and the plain flatbread 4 stars.  I would give the Creole Flatbread 3 stars because the shrimp were about the be funky. B is not as particular, but I thought they were fishy.
Overall, we were better off eating here than the restaurant in the World War II Museum that we were visiting, because it was no doubt more expensive and it had a significant wait.  Otherwise, Carmo is not worth the trip.Holler at ya Rico sandwich y'all!  It's freaking delicious, even at room temperature (my fault, more on that later!).
So, I was a bit mournful about how all these intriguing vegan joints seemed to have sprouted up all over New Orleans almost immediately (for dramatic purposes) after my departure from the city.  Carmo was near the top of my "must try" list, so I opted to place a pick up order around 2:30 p.m. in order to ensure I had adequate time to drive from the Quarter into the CBD.  
Fail.  Huge massive fail.  How could I have forgotten how impossibly unnavigable the French Quarter can be with seemingly random road closures and congested traffic.  So of course I spiraled into panic mode and one of my misguided detours trapped me behind of the horse-drawn carriages (which by the way, please don't ever patronize those horrendous things - not only do they clog up traffic - the animals are very badly maintained!  /end soapbox rant).  I actually called Carmo to beg them not to close at 3 p.m. because I had been delayed. They were perfectly okay with that.  
The verdict is - the Rico sandwich was in fact quite good - even though the faux pork (seitan, I believe?) had cooled to room temperature due to my own negligence - it was delicious.  Nicely chewy and flavored with some sort of awesomeness that probably pairs well with actual pork meat, but also played well with wheat meat.  The avocado and spring mix were still perfectly fresh and complemented the "pork" very nicely.  I was careful to slowly devour the Rico, as I was mindful that I would likely not be able to enjoy such tastiness once I left New Orleans.   
So why not five stars?  Well, I did feel the banana cake was a tad too oily and wet.  It was definitely robust with the banana content and super moist, but it the nearly transparent condition of the butcher paper it was wrapped in was slightly disconcerting.All around really incredible restaurant. Service was prompt and helpful. They had a water station so if you had a water bottle, you can fill up on cold water. The Rico was delicious and each ingredient stood out. I am excited to go back and check out more of their vegan options.I dig the vibe, and the staff are friendly and inviting, but my food (the Broken Noodle Salad) was disappointing. The description had my mouth watering (citrus chili ginger vinaigrette!), so I ordered a large. Although the textures were good and the ingredients fresh, the taste was somewhat one dimensional given the description, with no heat and only a few nuts and small (about 1/4 inch) tofu cubes to provide sustenance. I ended up returning to the conference I was attending hungrier than when I walked in the restaurant's doors and lined up to place my order.So delicious! Great vibe and a fun spot for lunch. We had the Rico and the banana/cinnamon banquet bread. Great service staff and seriously delicious food. Whether you're vegetarian or not, this place is worth checking outFood is amazing, great unique flavors! Great ambiance and service. Must get the cheese balls!I had possibly the most delicious salad of my life.  Normally salads are what I eat when I'm trying to be healthy, and I end up settling for the less exciting thing on the menu.  Here I had the Carmo salad which had greens, rice, pineapple, ham, raisins, almonds, avocado, and many other things I can't remember but thoroughly enjoyed.  
Also, we shared this pizza-like dessert that was puff pastry with caramelized bananas and havarti, it was to die for.
Service was slow, but the food was definitely worth the wait.  I would love to come back and try some of their juices.I never knew I could love vegan food so much until now!  I absolutely love Carmo and I'm not even vegan or vegetarian, but goodness, their food is definitely making me consider it!  I've already been here 3 times to try a variety of the items on the menu.  They all sound ridiculously amazing!  It's even better that it's right down the street from the Bikram Yoga studio that I attend frequently.  So far I've tried the infamous Rico, Carmo Salad, and Yellowfin Tuna salad.  They are ALL incredible!  No complaints whatsoever.  The abundance of flavors from these dishes are mind-blowing.  Being a New Orleans native, a pop of flavor is what I look for in every restaurant I try and Carmo definitely delivers!  Their juices are also must-tries!  The mango has to be my favorite.  So darn fresh!  
Carmo has quickly become one of my go-to lunch spots that offer you phenomenal flavors without being heavy (like many NOLA restaurants).  You can't lose here!  Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!Stopped in for a late lunch bite while visiting NOLA and was greeted with friendly faces and wonderful food. Plenty of great vegan and non vegan options. Carmo salad was the perfect!Being from Boston I wish Carmo would relocate to my home town. I would eat here every day! My order the two times that I was there was the red pepper sauce served with chicken and rice and a green salad with avocado. The fresh organic ingredients and the laid back festive atmosphere was great. The meal wasn't overly heavy or ladened with fat. 
They even had gluten free bread that I chose to ignore over the daily special mentioned above. 
They take your order at the counter after you take your choice of seating and deliver your meal to them then pay at the counter. You can see your meal being made if you wish but I saw no one watching with an eagle eye, trusting is good.
I would be there right now for lunch if I weren't back home in Boston. I miss you Carmo, come to Boston. Please!
Great place I would recommend. Gluten free, Vegan, healthy options are hard to find in combination with each other. I am definitely a fan!Went here last night on a recommendation.  So glad we did!  Great service and excellent food!  Try the Brazilian cheese balls... sooo good!Was REALLY looking forward to this place, and, after reading up on it quite a bit, I thought I knew what to expect, but, alas, I was wrong.
As a table we ordered the Rico (veg), the smoked Tuna sandwich, and 2 broken noodle salads.
The Good: The broken noodle salads were GREAT, with a really great citrus vinaigrette. Sadly, that was 
the 'good'.
The Not so good:
Nothing was 'bad', it's just not all that great.
The 'Rico' was odd, not bad, we ate it, plantains, green leaf lettuce, cheese (which, honestly, did not belong on this dish), avocado, and a sauce w/ pico. This may have been better, had it been on bread, as a real sandwich. 
The tuna, while good. was just smoked tuna salad on what amounted to white bread (menu said sourdough, but, just seemed like kicked up white bread), and, at $11 it just fell flat. It was like school lunch. Sad.
I wanted to love this place, and giving it 3 stars, seems fair. I don't think I'd go back, but, if asked would tell others to check it out. 
Tips: Menu need to be larger, especially at dinner. We left smelling of 'fried', and thats not a good thing. Ordering process is wonky, and, again, at dinner, there should be someone waiting on your table, instead of ordering at the counter.
Staff was SUPER nice, so, thats a plus. I hope the joint does well.Delicious! Vegan options for lunch, dinner and dessert! I have heard great things about it for a while and finally came. Scrumptious latin american vegan dishes available along with meat options.This food was amazing. One of the best meals I've had in a long time.  I had the RICO sandwich, pulled pork on top of fried plantains.  Delicious!Not a "vegan" restaurant, but a restaurant that serves vegetarian, vegan and carnivorous versions of the items on the menu. I had hatch chile soup with smoked hominy and Acaraj for my entree with cajulia to drink. Again, very friendly and knowledgable staff and service. Great to enjoy several items I've never had before.My local fav spot. I always go back in Nola. Food is clean, fresh, and delicious. Vegan, gluten free options available. Best vegan bbq I've ever had with its smokiness and sauces. 
So much Brazilian influence with Louisiana souli was very pleased with my lunch here. i'd definitely go back if i'm in the French Quarter, even though it's several blocks off the 'beaten path'.
the menu had lots of unique, novel items. some things i've never even heard of before!
i wish they had an acai "smoothie", but the vegan rico sandwich was really quite nice. tasted very fresh and felt very healthy. although i'm not sure why they call it a sandwich, it's more of a salad. (they make clear on the menu it's a "breadless, 'fork'" sandwich, so i wasn't surprised, but i just don't quite understand their reasoning.)
very tasty, pretty good value for the price.We have awesome vegan fare in Chicago.  For such a huge meat and potatoes city, a huge counterculture drawn to a plant-only based diet has surfaced to challenge the predominant meat-based mindset and growing waistlines of Chicago denizens.  The restaurants spear-heading the effort have grown to be national icons *cough* Chicago Diner *cough*.  
So coming coming from this metropolis of meat-free, I wasn't expecting much in the way of tasty, vegan fare in the sleepy town of New Orleans.  The first few days of my business trip, I holed myself up in my hotel room eating energy bars and packs of Almonds.Clearly, New Orleans would NEVER have vegan options (please note the missing sarcasm font).  But my dwindling supply of munchies was forcing my hand.  Yelp to the rescue!  
Apparently there ARE vegan options in the city of Jazz, but would it be good vegan food or a plate of processed crap, or worse yet an ice-berg lettuce salad with a tomato and some sliced carrots *cue me going into a fit of vegan rage*?  My hopes were not high, but what was I to do?  So, I dragged my plant-munching butt over to Carmo.   Boy was my mind blown when I tried the food.
The meal was great, the staff was friendly, and the atmosphere was casual.   It was so good, that I went back three times.  THREE TIMES!  And if I find myself back in New Orleans, I will make it four.Whenever in New Orleans we do tend to stuff ourselves with excellent French food, great po-boys, locally made ice cream, heavy breakfast foods with a twist...you get the picture.  But the last visit I decided to forgo the 'eat til we can't eat no more' mentality and instead branch out to include lighter, fresher fare.  Carmo was at the top of the list thanks in part to the idea of fresh juice, carefully source goods and different methods of infusing/cooking.
We went for an early dinner and were told that it was counter service only.  It felt a bit odd for such a place but, hey, we rolled with it.  Alas, it did cause us to encounter issues when it took almost 30 minutes to get drinks since we continually ordered things they were out of.  The problem was the counter person would take our order, go to the bar and then be told 'nope, we're out'.  Then they'd come back to us and it would start all over again.  I understand restaurants, especially ones with a small selection of specialty goods, will run out of product but it was a large group of the already limited selections at 5pm on a weekday.  When I finally got my drink, a rum concoction that I can't remember the name of, it wasn't very tasty at all but I drank it down anyways.
Food - Starter was the Carmo salad.  Mains were Acarajé & the Tuna.  Salad had so many great things in it but they had already dressed it and it was too much.  All of the other flavors were obliterated by the vinagrette.  The mains?  Tuna was one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life.  It melted in our mouths and was perfection on a plate.  The fritter was fine but eclipsed by the other dish.
Drinks - already stated some of the issues and even though I didn't care for my drink it was strong, obviously made with care and was reasonably priced.  I'd try another type next time without hesitation depending on if they have stock.
Decor/Building/Setting - a bit weird/awkward in how it was arranged.  The only 2 top we saw open was crammed between a (faux?) wall extension and another table.  The furniture was horribly uncomfortable. 
Service - lovely!  We left a large tip because we technically had table service even though everything was done at a counter.  She brought food, made an attempt to rectify the drink situation, was funny/witty/cool and ensured all our questions were answered.  New Orleans, like any city, can display some crappy service but Carmo's employees were beyond nice + professional.
Desserts - didn't have any but they do offer a rotating selection.
I'd definitely give this place another try for the service and Yellowfin Tuna but I did have to subtract stars for the $11 salad that was yuck, the lack of choices provided in the juice area and the cramped seating.Ordered the Carmo Salad, Esmeralda Salad, Rico Sandwich, and Maqaquito for take-out. The Carmo Salad was excellent, has amazing taste, and great texture. The Esmeralda Salad was good, has great texture, and very healthy like the Carmo. The Rico Sandwich was great, unique (the open-faced baked plantains that act as bread were so cool), and the pork was excellent, especially mixed with the sauces provided. The Maqaquito was the weakest of the bunch, but it wasn't bad. I ate it, when it cooled off, so that's a real disadvantage since it's like a banana and cinnamon pizza. Really cool!
The food came in classy and branded take-out containers, so you know this place is legit! The restaurant has a small seating area on the right along with the check-out counter and a standard restaurant seating area on the left. The staff and chefs are friendly and helpful people.
Really, the only downside I could find with this place is that part of Julia Street is under construction, which makes access and parking difficult. You might have to park a couple blocks away if you go during a busy time. 
One of my new restaurant favorites in New Orleans. Great food, reasonable pricing (compared to other places that I've tried), and friendly staff. I'm really impressed considering that I'm not even vegan or vegetarian, but the food is so unique, tasty, and most importantly, healthy!Marvelous!
Carmo is the choice dive stop for vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options in New Orleans. Those are hard to come by in the City. 
The cocktails are made with their signature fruit juices. Very tasty. Hard to over do it at lunch when the drinks are as flavorful as they are. I really enjoyed the Cajulia (Kah-Julia), which was made with a cashew juice and lemon with Ketel One. 
I had a large Esmerelda salad. It was filling, and my body genuinely felt so much better after eating quinoa, black beans, corn, cilantro, and peppers after a heavy night of drinking.This is a funky little vegan-friendly restaurant that I found within easy walking distance of my hotel when I was in New Orleans for a recent business trip.  They have a number of tasty dishes that are either vegan or can be made vegan, and the food always tastes fresh. The soups are particularly good (I've tried the Gumbo Z'herbs and the Burmese lentil soup).  The Caribbean Banana Cake is excellent, and the Brazilian Cheese Bread is not bad (but I definitely preferred the banana cake, which is always vegan).  The Brazilian Cheese Bread (aka, Maqaquito) can be made vegan - but you have to remember to ask for it that way.  When I had been there the first day, the lady described the desserts to me rather than showing me the menu when I decided to order dessert as an afterthought.  I'm sure she probably mentioned to me that you have to specifically order the Cheese Bread as vegan if you want it that way - which totally makes sense - but somehow it had registered in my mind that both desserts were vegan.  So when I came there the next day for dinner, I ordered the Brazilian Cheese Bread, since I'd had the Caribbean Banana Cake the day before.  To my dismay, I realized it wasn't vegan after I took a bite, and I pushed the plate away, intending to just pay my bill and leave.  The waiter, who was very nice about it, told me he'd have them make me a vegan one, so I went ahead and waited for that one.  It was very good, so I'm glad I waited - well, sort of.  The lady who had taken my order seemed a bit put out about it, which she let me know as I was paying my bill.  Although she was the one who had taken my order the day before, I guess I can hardly expect anyone else's memory to be any better than my own, right?  But a little friendliness and understanding always goes a long way.  Just be warned that no matter how many consecutive days you eat there, you'll need to mention it to them every single time if you are vegan just to be on the safe side.  But vegan or not, I don't think you'll be disappointed in the food at all.Food was great, but portions too small.  21/2 blocks after leaving the place we went into another restaurant to have another lunch.
Service is a bit of a clusterduck.  Order at the counter, then hope to find a table and sit, watching waitstaff milling around trying to figure out which orders go to what table.  Seems it could be easier on everyone if they just took orders at the table.Warm staff and unique flavorful food! I had the Esmeralda and the soup du jour which was a Moroccan lentil soup like nothing I've had before. Thank you guys for providing such yummy vegetarian food!The vibe at the eatery was so cool and laid back. My food and iced tea was out of this world.
When I come back to New Orleans I am in there.Yummm-- so many good options here, it was hard to pick.  So I had to go for two!  Got the esmerelda salad, which had a very light but delicious flavor and the soup of the day, which happened to be this Cambodian lemongrass, lentil thing-- OMG SOOO GOOD!!
One of my friends got the Veggie Sandwich-- which was really good, and my other friend got this Brazilian special they had at the time which was amazing!  Plus they had this live band, which always creates a nice environment.  Their fresh juices were very refreshing and delicious.  
They do have meat options, it appears, but I'd just stick to the Vegetarian-- really flavorful, fresh, and delicious.Delicious food, lovely servers, strong drinks! We had the Peruvian ceviche, fish fritters, and the Vietnamese haloumi flatbread with shrimp. The portions were great and the food was flavorful. The passion fruit pisco cocktail and passion fruit capirinhas were delicious and strong. One of the best places I've ever eaten in NOLAI went here twice while on a business trip! I'm a pescatarian who doesn't eat much fried food, so finding food to eat in NOLA was hard haha. I had the broken noodle salad for lunch, and it was so good I took my colleagues here for dinner.