Don't cheat yourself. When we come back in town we make sure we get a po-boy from here. Outstanding!I come here all the time but never reviewed it before for some reason. Their boiled seafood( I've had the shrimp, crawfish and snow crabs) are delicious. They are seasoned perfectly. Extra shoutout to the snow crabs be they are expensive but so worth it. You get a whole lot of shrimp on the fried shrimp plate. The poboys are fantastic as well. They have wonderful fresh seafood at a fantastic rate as well. The only down, I only, is their macaroni. It's horrible but everything else makes up that.Man I been coming to this place since I was a kid! Truly some of the best seafood in the east! The crawfish is always on point, and I could eat the fried shrimp and fish all day!Some of the best seafood in the city.  One of the few places you can get your food cooked or ready to cook.  Always a fan of the boiled mushrooms as a snack.SEAFOOD/POBOY HEAVEN!!!! The only drawback, it is ALWAYS crowded with lines out BOTH doors! I'd jump through flaming hoops to have a Castnet Seafood here in Las Vegas!This place was awesome filed with locals and the nicest people ever the food was good and they give you a sample if you ask! We had no idea what to order but they helped us out so friendly and nice you will not be sorry if you go hereThe oyster po-boy was pretty good for a Saturday afternoon after getting stood up by a customer that wanted an estimate.  They must keep this location hidden in the neighborhood because it was packed shoulder to shoulder and I was the only white guy in there. (As you can see in the photos). I took a flick of the po-boy and the restaurant so you can see wysiwyg.  Overall, it was one of the better oyster po-boys that I've had in a while.The shrimp sandwich was good but severely over priced!!!! Small ass sandwich for 6 bucks..Excellent food and service! Kent you are awesome....we appreciate you taking care of us. I didn't get the lady's name that help us out but she was very hospitable and very nice. Thank you again (Jennifer, Wynonna, Leticia and Janine from California).This place was so goooooood.  They are only open til i think 6pm, so get there early.  The staff were very friendly.  The Po Boys were so delicious.  My friends and I had gone to ACME oyster near Bourbon st the night before, and that place sucks compared to here.   Can't believe i wasted an hr waiting in line there. Anyway,  if u can make the trip out to this shop, DO IT! it's only like 10 min from downtown...  ThanksExcellent shrimp poboy! had a great coating, perfect seasoning. the staff was very attentive and offered menus when we walked up to the counter to order. this is not a fine dining establishment and is in an out of the way location, but very busy so you know the food is good. anytime I'm working in the East I always make a trip to the Castnet for lunch.So good.  Get the combo po-boy - Oyster and Shrimp are amazing, and the crab cake thingies incredibly delicious.  If you're in the New Orleans area - hell, if you're anywhere in Louisiana, go to Castnet.The best place for boiled fresh or fried seafood in New Orleans.Well, sometimes there are tourists here, but we tried to blend in!  We came from San Francisco with a recommendation (from other tourists) to seek out Castnet and went twice in one visit, and I was pining for a third shrimp po boy on my way to the airport!Great place to grab some crawfish for a party, fresh fish, or a quick snack. Friendly staff.Its like a pound & a half of shrimp in this poboy!!! Sooo fresh & filling. I could only eat half & was still able to share some of my shrimpI am not from New Orleans but I come down every chance I get. Castnet is ALWAYS my first stop! I've been coming here for 15+ years and the shrimp poboy is always just as good as the first time I had it.  Fresh and cooked to order!Good food and great portion sizes. There's alway a line which is an indication of how good the food is. Best way is ti call and order ahead.This place is incredible, forget all the tourist attractions, for real authentic New Orleans cuisine this is definitely a must. The place is packed with all the locals, the seafood is as fresh as can be. They'll pack the seafood for you for your trip back home. I sat down and enjoyed the best softshell crab Po boy I've every had, in addition, there's an awesome BBQ restaurant connected to Castnet that sell fantastic BBQ. Walkers BBQ.What made me fall in love with New Orleans. Met a girl out of town in school and this is the 1st place she took me.. Creole, beautiful girl. The place is still to this day has the best poboys and broiled seafood and I've been all over. This place is the machine. Can't give it enough props!This place stays packed, local favorite poboys are overstuffed well seasoned. Definitely a call ahead and place an order kind of place.I love my parents, I really do.  My mother carried me in her for nine months, my father has been a terrific role model and a pillar of strength in hard times.  Truly they are saintly.
That is why I feel so bad that primary reason I return home to NOLA is for these overstuffed po boys.  The Oysters are top notch and the shrimp would make Chuck Norris cry.This the best seafood spot in new orleans east and probably one of best in the entire city. Not many out of towners find their way out to the east mainly because there is not much out in new orleans east these days. But if you enjoy fried seafood it's worth the trip. Food is always made to order and great prices.If you want seafood done right, you need to go to Castnet. This is a family owned operation (the same family owns Walkers BBQ right next door) and they put their heart and soul into this food... and you can definitely tell. Well for starters, the line is always out the door (literally) and that doesn't bother me at all because the food is sooo good, that it's worth the wait. The boiled shrimp, crawfish and crabs are on point. They are seasoned perfectly every time. The sides to the boiled seafood, potatoes, corn, sausage, etc, are bagged up separately for purchase and are super tasty. I even buy my raw shucked oysters from here because they always have the freshest seafood around. It's crawfish season right now, so you better go enjoy some Castnet crawfish before it's too late. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE.I've always loved their seafood; but today my wife bought me a cold roast beef po-boy!! It was PURRFIK! The best roast beef I've had since before the storm!!! Love this place!Neat little seafood, sandwich shop.  Very busy.  Freshly made so order so a bit of a wait.  Call your order in if you are in a hurry.  Super nice staff!!!  Really enjoyed this place.A New Orleans East institution! I was raised on the seafood they sell here, every family crawfish/crab boil is supplied by Castnet's. You won't find ANY tourists here but it stays packed morning, noon, and night because it has the best Po-Boy's in the east. Some will argue that We Never Close holds that title but in my household that phrase is akin to burning a bible.The crawfish were seasoned really well. Less salty than most and a bit of a kick. Had a dozen oysters on the half (at $10!!), fresh and good.
If you want fresh seafood, raw or cooked, the prices are great. The place may to be fancy but everyone is nice and the food is good.Who wanted crab-stuffed redfish for Thanksgiving? Who was crazy enough to haul to Castnet Seafood because she wanted to make sure she was serving the freshest fish that wasn't outrageously priced?
Did I mention it was the day before Thanksgiving?
Loins girded, brass knuckles on and a steely gaze for the intimidating, take-no-prisoners staff, I enter the mosh pit, aka the storefront. Not having witnessed such a shopping frenzy since the heyday of Cabbage Patch dolls at FAO Schwartz, I was unsure if this was worth the hassle.
Bottom line? While it seems you've emerged victorious from a cage match after making a purchase here, the taste and quality of the seafood make up for the mental bruising.Love this place! Got off early from work and drove all the way to New Orleans East. The crawfish is phenomenal. Always hot and perfectly spiced. While there I purchased a pound of fresh large shrimps and redfish fillets to cook tomorrow. Since I was in full in gluttony mode, I also got a shrimp and oyster platter. The platter was amazing! I can go in for days about how much I love this place. It's always packed but it's for a reason. The staff is friendly and service is always quick. Remember the left side is broiled seafood and the right side is fried. Parking can be a pain despite the large availability of parking. I personally prefer potato salad with my platters. They also offer sodas and beer. They have a restaurant next door if you would like to sit in.Tourist read this!  Go here, get a number, wait, order CORN, shrimp and crawfish. The corn was amazing.  We got huge(10-12) boiled shrimp for $7 per pound!!!! They were good but kind of bland compared to the crawfish. It's a tricky trade off. Crawfish are so tasty and packed with spicy goodness, but a pain in the butt to peel. Shrimp is soo easy to peel and huge, but just compare with the flavor.I had the best oyster Po boy and shrimp Po boy here.  I would say the best in New Orleans.   The price is very cheap.  The amount is plenty.  I recommend you try it, you want be sorry.  I give them 5 stars !!!Castnet has always seemed like the place to be if you looking for freshly made , lemon zested - Garlic filled boiled crawfish. This is why I go there. I've tried many places in the city before, and hot at an unreasonable price seems to be the focus of their boiled crawfish. I've never had their hot plates, so I can't comment on that. But from the crowds I see, the hot plates must be reasonable and tasty, too.Crawfish review:
I'm generally hesitant to eat crawfish that has not been prepared by a family member, but on friday I needed to find seafood and castnets has such good reviews I thought it had to be good. I was wrong.
First, the crawfish were very dirty, I don't think they even tried to rinse them. 
Some were spicy, some were bland, so there is no consistency between batches.
The garlic was only slightly cooked, so they put it in at the end of the boil. I'm not sure how it would add any flavor if it's not in there.
I became nauseated soon after eating them, and vomited later. My coworkers said that they smelled off, I should have listened. 
There are many different parts of Castnets and if you don't know what you are doing it can be overwhelming and confusing. The fried seafood is fine, just fine. I think people like it just because it has been there for a while and is familiar. Locals don't generally leave their comfort zone.
The best part about Castnets is that you can get a snowball next door.They're fried catfish and shrimp platter are So Good! Well worth the money! 2 big pieces of catfish (with the big tasty dhrinp), fries, potato salad (your choice n only .99 cents.)Absolutely necessary to pick up a shrimp poboy when I arrive in NOLA. Some places literally count the shrimp they put on your poboy but Castnet's is always overflowing! Fresh bread, fresh seafood. Stays overcrowded for good reason but it moves fast.Cast net used to be THE place for seafood. Now the seafood, especially the shrimp, are always fried too hard. Their crawfish has a soapy flavor to me. I know that sounds weird. It's not very flavorful and seems rushed.Their fried shrimp is by far the best I've ever had. The portion was HUGE and the price was low. This place is a jewel that is tucked away from the beaten path of NOLA.Great food. Excellent food, if you could ever get them on the phone. Their food is fantastic but it's not always worth driving out there only to find them closed on a day they claim to be open.This was my first time here. The food is very fresh and delicious. Great amount of food for the prices. Castnet is definitely on my go to list whenever I'm in town nowCame to castnet a few months ago but it's still on my mind so I thought I'd leave a review. 
Excellent seafood for excellent prices. Lets just talk about the crabs and the crawfish. So. On. Point. I was curious about their deviled crab so I ordered one, I wasn't very impressed. But I gave not one care because everything else we had was so damn good. 
The service was quick and attentive. The dining room doesn't have a lot of ambience, but that wasn't a concern for me. I just wanted good food, and that's exactly what I got.Food is okay. They cut their shrimp in half. I like whole shrimp. It's like cutting a drumstick in half and selling it as a 2 piece chicken dinner. No longer order the shrimp platter.A couple of us took a drive out the East early this spring, and had our first crawfish of the season, as well as a dozen oysters on the halfshell. Dee-licious, and even though it was super busy, the staff at Castnet Seafood were all incredibly sweet and helpful. 
Great flavor to the crawfish--nice and spicy, but really robust. Sweet oysters that were a dream and one of the guys working there whipped us up his special cocktail sauce blend recipe. We sat outside eating seafood & sipping on iced tea & fountain drinks, and we both left there fat & happy.this place is great.  quite a haul if you are coming from downtown NOLA but well worth it.  
you can buy fresh or freshly prepared seafood at good prices.  if you want a poboy, walk in the right side door and head straight back to the registers. 
if you are tall watch your head.  low ceilings
recommended:
fried oyster on toast, dressed with hot sauce, with a side of fries and a draft Coors Light to sip outside while you wait.If you are in New Orleans Louisiana and Like or LOVE  FRESH SEAFOOD this is the place! Excellent customer service I was in NOLA a week  ate here 3 different days and they packed my fresh Crawfish,shrimp soft shell crab,oysters  and gumbo for me to carry back on my flight home! Deanies in the French Quarters is good  but  CASTNET SEAFOOD on10826 1/2 Haynes  Blvd is the BEST!Absolutely delicious!!! Loved the boiled crawfish and the fried shrimp! Definitely recommend this place. Super friendly staff and patrons.Generous!
Hubby and I came in October and shared a po boy.  So glad we shared one because their servings are huge!  None of it went to waste.  We enjoyed the shrimp and oysters that were dredged in flavorful breading and served hot and crispy with a nice crusty bread.  
Lots of folks doing carry-out, but they do have indoor and outdoor dining options.
Fast and efficient service!Delicious seafood. Shrimp po boy sandwich was enough to feed 2. Off the beaten path, poor atmosphere. Not in a friendly neighborhood. Would not recommend making a special trip out of the city to this area.I absolutely love this place!! What a gem in an area with no quality food at all! Castnet has been run by the same owners for a very long time and the food is consistently great quality and always really good! Their boiled crawfish are my personal favorite.... and let me tell you, I've had crawfish at almost every place in New Orleans... this place does it right! There is almost always a line, so when you go in, grab a number and wait for them to call your number. While waiting, have your order ready so that you can order as fast as possible and keep the line moving.  Your food will be called by number and when you get it, it's always hot and delicious! I've had their fried plates, bought fresh seafood, their boiled shrimp are great too.  Everything is good, you won't be disappointed!Service is great. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The food was terrible. We had crab sandwiches and the breading was terrible, It had no flavor. The soft crab had almost no crab meat. Total waste of money.Great place to get raw or cooked seafood. This place stays PACKED! Casnet has been around as long as I have. During crawfish season I would frequent here to get live crawfish by the sacks. They tend to have them in stock while everyone else in the city is OUT.The best little seafood place in the east. Whether fresh to prepare at home or fried and ready to go......you can not ask for better seafoodGot lunch for a group of customers.  7 people ate a mountain of food and everyone was happy.  Po Boys are giant and loaded with shrimp.  Great choiceIf you want to get away from the Quarter and venture to get non-touristy crawfish, shrimp, crab boil or other seafood then this is the spot.  Get there early because the lines get long and they can sell out of items.  There is no seating inside, so you either eat on the tables outside or take it to go.  The shrimp, crawfish, baby red potatoes and corn we had were perfectly spicy and delicious.  It was surprisingly inexpensive too!Aww man, I'm going to have to be the one to spoil the fun.  A couple of friends and I made the trek to NO East to try out this Yelp hotspot eager to devour the boiled seafood and a po-boy.   I don't want to get into too much detail.  The service was fine.  It's basically a "serve yourself" kind of place.  The total for the three of us was around $20.  So far, so good.   I first dived into the crawfish.  Not too bad, but they were quite briney.  I can't really say I've ever had crawfish that tasted so much like salt water before, being from Louisiana.  The crawfish also weren't spicy enough for my Cajun palette.  The shrimp had a great flavor to them, but unfortunately, they were rather dry and difficult to peel.  Half of the shrimp I tried to peel simply crumbled as the shell was painstakingly pried off.  However, we all agreed that the oyster po-boy was the star of the show.  So, if you live nearby, stop in for a po-boy.  However, if you don't live nearby, there are much more convenient places to get a great po-boy in the city.Another Yelp find for me.
We wanted some Crawfish before leaving town and boy did we find some. On top of that this place delivers. I'm in NYC and I can order some NOLA crawfish and eat it here in NYC.... awesome!
Staff was very friendly, helped out me and my friend who didn't really know what we were doing. The place was very busy, very neighborhood-eeee which I loved! Right next to a levi which was cool as we walked up it and looked into the Ocean, great view.
We got 2 pounds of crawfish and some friend fish and fried oysters. All was really good. We ate it there and they had all the condiments you could ask for.
The place does get busy and if you've never been could be a bit overwhelming. Just ask for help as this place is great.
They also have tons of other fresh fish and lots that you can order to cook yourself at home. I'm going to order some crawfish in the coming months from up north.Well, my last two trips here have been less than stellar: 
Fried Oysters - now fried too hard & crunchy to enjoy the bivalve's glory.
The Speckled Trout that's always on sale? Tastes of freezer burn.
Everyone's gumbo is different, like DNA. Theirs could use a deeper gene pool. Same goes for potato salad; not a big fan of bell pepper in the aforementioned side dish.
Everything else has kept the same quality, both product and service.Fresh fresh seafood, friendly staff and delicious overflowing porous! Hole in the wall crowded with locals. Definitely will recommend to locals and visitors.I Casted the net and left with fried oysters!!! If it's fried or boiled seafood you want, this is definitely the place.Castnet has the best food & a great staff!
From their poboys, shrimp, & most especially their crawfish you can never go wrong with the food they serve.  Everything is AWESOME!  In addition to the taste their menu is perfectly priced.  You can't go wrong with anything in their menu.  If you have any questions... just ask the employees are so nice & helpful and are always willing to answer any questions or help.  
We've been to New Orleans several times & Castnet is always a must at least several times each visit to New Orleans.Wow cool place here. Is a seafood market, BBQ place, made to order seafood items. Very busy now lunch time. I'm ordered shrimp and oysters with fountain Coke drink. Wait for my number called and pick up. Inside and outside seating. This is a real deal old time eating establishment.I wish I could review this place for the food. It was closed when we arrived and all the employees were sitting in the front waving at us to leave. When we sat in the parking lot to YELP another place to eat, they all went inside. Walkers was also closed for mechanical issues. boooooo.Seriously this is the best freshest seafood I've ever had. The staff is friendly, the seafood is unreal, the po boys are delicious. Every time I come to New Orleans I make a point to stop by here and eat my weight in food.My husband is from New Orleans and I fell in love on the first visit. I have not had anythng cooked but the fresh fish and shrimp are the best you will find. It's out the water,  and then to my plate! We buy the trout, crab and shrimp. It is chaotic but if you grab a number when you walk in you'll get personalized service faster. Besides, the chaos is what makes it New Orleans. . . and that's a good thing.For a first time customer it is confusing knowing where to order, thus we ended up in the dine-in area, not the order area.  Alas, a very helpful lady (I really, really, wish I had her name) tracked us down and explained the process. (Right hand door in the front to order your dine-in meal regardless of steamed, fried, or poboy).  I ordered a pound of crawfish and our very helpful lady even gave me the crawfish 101 lesson (yeah I'm Southern, but not from around here)  A local fireman was amused saying "...he never met no one who didn't know how to eat crickets".  Anyway, the crawfish were wonderful.  Several others had Poboys who commented how they could not finish them because they were so large (and good!).  One had the BBQ sandwich and again said it was good.  
We arrived at a good time, it was crowded just after we arrived.  
Would I go back"?  You bet!  
Why not 5-stars?  It was very good, I just don't give too many 5-stars.
Enjoy!Best fried seafood in nola. Period. Worth the trip, but expect a thronging mass of people and know that it's not an eat-in venue. Pick up your food and go find a nice place elsewhere to gorge yourself.As always, Castnet never disappoints! I have been coming here as they say in New Orleans, "Since before Katrina" lol. No doubt some of the best Seafood and PoBoy's the city has to offer. I'm all about trying new places in the city but this is a local legend where locals come from all over to eat. If you're a Tourist you'll probably need a car or Uber and calling ahead is always recommended. The Shrimp PoBoy's are 6 Star kind of thing. See you there at least 2 more time before I leave next week.Before I left NOLA during my roadtrip through the US, I wanted to get crawfish, and Yelp helped me find this place.  It's definitely away from the touristy places; I'm pretty sure I was the only non-local there.  Unfortunately, I was there in November, and there were no crawfish at that time :(  Lucky for me, they have amazing food in general, so I got a fried seafood platter for lunch and a shrimp+oyster poboy to go.  The friend oysters are SO good, I loved them both in the platter and the poboy.  If you go to NOLA and have a car, make the drive here, it's worth it.  I can't wait to go back and try their crawfish.My dream spot,  a real seafood market that also cooks to order.. No thrills except for the exceptionally helpful and friendly staff and the quality of seafood they sell.. I thought that kind of service was dead.. We had exceptional oysters, fried and boiled shrimp and crawfish. Everything was excellent and reasonably priced. C u the next time we are in New Orleans.What at one time was one of my favorite seafood spots is no more. My family had been going here for more than 20 years and in that time have had excellent food. As the neighborhood has changed so has the service to the point where you are treated as a criminal before you hit the door. Like I said 20 years I have been coming here and I go to relatively the same cashiers all the time and all I hear is "can I see some ID". What a joke!! Well this time I had enough, asked for my card back and left my order sitting there. This place treats its customers the same way places did in the 60's when you had to order from an outside window, I guess that goes with the program when most of your customers are of the same color. Will never spend my money here again.I had no choice but to continue the trend of 5 star rating.  This is the most awesome place to get seafood in the ENTIRE WORLD!  Its a small place and there always busy, but they get you your food in record time.  Also, they dont skimp on the seafood.  If you order an Oyster Po Boy, you could take half the oysters off and still have a huge sandwich.  You want un cooked seafood so you can go home and do it yourself... no problem.  prices are competitive but even if it wasnt I would spend the extra loot!  This place rocks!  Keep it up!  every time I go and visit my hometown I have no choice but to stop here.Ordered a half & half (shrimp & oyster) Po Boy.  Damn it was good!  Thanks to the guy in the alley who suggested it, and to the previous reviewers who confirmed it.  This place ROCKS!I love this place my family has been going here since I was in elementary school and the food is always good. Pick anything in the menu and you will not be disappointed. They have the best crawfish in the city that's why they are always so packed any the po boy sandwiches are overstuffed. Yesterday I had my favorite po boy shrimp and oyster and it's as good as I remember. Don't mind the lines they move fast so you won't wait that long even though it looks like it. My top picks are shrimp poboy catfish poboy soft shell crab plate crawfish (of course) and the turkey necks.This has got to be one of the best kept secrets in New Orleans for fresh seafood and po-boys. I'm so glad we stumbled across it, and it made staying on the east side of town worth it! Prices are awesome.
It was packed-full on lunchtime on Saturday, but after some time we successfully figured out the flow and navigated the crowd of locals who were also awaiting delicious seafood. We got 4 pounds crawfish, 2 pounds shrimp, 2 pounds crab, 3 po-boys, and some fries for 5 people and ate well. Will come back.We went strictly for the boiled shrimp.  Great flavor, spicy.  My 12 year old niece is a big fan of boiled shrimp.  This was a little heavier on red pepper than she liked but she agreed that they were delicious.  Our only issue was that the shrimp didn't slip out of the shells very easily, it took a bit of picking to get all of the shell off.  
I'm going back for the poboy's and will probably go there to buy fresh tilapia, redfish, grouper or trout.Shrimp and oyster po boy with the works.  It will blow your mind.  Theres nothing else to say.Always the best food in New Orleans!!!!!!  Seasoned to perfection and always fresh!  Best in NOLA!!!!Best oyster po-boy around, hands down!  Part of the reason is because the oysters are so fresh. Castnet shucks their own oysters fresh every morning. They even sell oysters to many local eateries in the area. Ask them, they will tell you the same. They are not only a seafood eatery, and fresh seafood market, but they are also an oyster packing house!! They get sacks of oysters fresh off the boats and shuck them in house and package them in gallons and half gallons to sell wholesale.Craw fish and shrimp spiced extra super duper on point, buy it by the pound.  For like 8$ you are stuffed for days.  Also the soft shell crab po-boy was mos def one of the top three I have ever had.  The crab was extra fresh and the sandwich was dressed right.  They don't kill with mayo.  Oh how can I not mention the spiced corn on the cob, two pieces $1.50 what....I love the south.  If you need quality seafood and you and the homies are short on your cheddar then you need to hit this place up.  This will be a constant stop every time I'm in NOLO from now on and you need to go too!If I'm rating this restaurant from a sheer dining experience, it was subpar at best. The order process is absolutely chaotic. Patrons are bottle necked into a tiny area right next to the kitchen. It was hard to decipher the people who had paid, and the ones waiting to order. The dining area was small and outdated. If you are looking for fine dining, this is not the place for you. 
Having said that, given the chaotic atmosphere, they run a very tight operation. Everyone working was very attentive and helpful. No one seems to be slacking in the place. They accommodated a very large group during lunch time. 
I had heard people rave about the seafood here, but I'm allergic to shellfish, so I couldn't taste the crab or shrimp. The fried fish was decent. The cheeseburger po boy was not that great honestly. The patties were thin and dry, and the bread was a little tough. 
Would I come back?  Maybe if I was in the area. I wouldn't drive out of the city again to do so, when there are dozens of great seafood restaurants to go to with food just as good and a much better atmosphere. 
Dining Experience 2*
Service 4*
Food 3*
Price 5*