Not fancy but reliable affordable and a friendly staff. Plate lunch selection changes daily. Shrimp Poboys are always available. BLTs and clubs make for a big lunch. I eat there often and recommend it.Meh.  This place is lunchtime for working people, not tourists like me.  The food is okay...nothing special.  Not what I was expecting...Okay place if you are walking by, but if you are looking for a good spot, try someplace else.Cafeteria style food was done very well. I had the smothered spicy chicken, home made Mac n cheese, greens and cabbage and all was properly prepared, well spiced and delicious.I love this place. We go here several times a week for lunch while out here for work. I love the lemon almond chicken salad, the veggies, the meatloaf, the soup, the cupcakes. 
The only thing I haven't been trilled with was the cobb salad - mostly because the chicken was a bit, um, gristle-y, but that could have just been a bad salad. I say that because everything else I have had has been very very good.A NOLA favorite! 
Always OPEN during Saints home games even if Yelp says closed ! 
Best gumbo!!! The Red beans and rice is a close second! The jambalaya is amazing and the chicken strips are HUGE!
Breakfast is amazing here I recommend the Shrimp and grits! 
Something for everyone and very reasonably priced!BLUF:  Cafeteria style in the CBD.   Decent food.  Fast.
Went there on a whim during work hours.  Standard southern menu; fried catfish, brisket and gravy, gumbo etc with sides like green beans, mac and cheese, mashed potatoes etc.  Order cafeteria style and walk away.  Quick and easy.
I got the brisket and gravy over rice.  It was pretty good and well priced.  Came with 1 side and I got the green beans with potato and bacon.  The beans were not good at all.  Completely flavorless.  I should have gotten the mac and cheese which looked good.  I dont know how my coworkers liked theirs but they didnt complain.  
I'd go back for a quick meal but if i had time i would try a new place.Been here 4 times so far and have ordered a variety of items.  The Fried Catfish takes about 10-15 min to order, but it is cooked VERY fresh and was seasoned perfectly and worth waiting EVERY second for!   I really loved this place, it is straight out of the 70's but the great family that runs it does a terrific job and reminds me of some of my favorite place in Atlanta run by a Taiwanese family.   The sides are the typical, corn, greens, mashed potatoes, red potatoes and other items but the stand outs are the meat/proteins - TERRIFIC ribs, herb and cajun grilled chicken but the MUST HAVE is the FRIED CATFISH.  Going to keep trying the rest of the menu, but so far have been very happy fro what I have seen!Delicious! VERY reasonably priced. Order when you walk in and  by the time You fix your coffee your meal that you picked from the serving table is at your seat! 
We were a little late In the breakfast time slot so the eggs could have been a little warmer but they were not dried out! We will return the next time we need breakfast in NOLA.Wow. This place is awesome. Very simple and very good. They honed in on what maters. Quality food with lots on there. 
    The wife and I got shrimp PO-Boy for $7.50. Very quick service.3.25/5 solid lunch choice
there aren't many choices along poydras in the upper CBD, and the building tend to have their own cafeterias. this is a stand-in cafe inside a building across city hall, and there's a full hot lunch menu! and the portions are laaaaaarge, enough to share and still get that afternoon food coma.
the meatloaf was very garlic-y, which yummmmm, and the salads are fair. i'd say skip on the walnut raspberry dressing, it didn't quite come across as raspberry or walnut at all. the green bean side choice is great too.
for the price and options, i'll continue to come backYummy!! And all for a great price. I will definitely come back. Loved the Shrimp Po'Boy, but It is only available on Fridays.I have only very recently begun working in the CBD.. and this place is my go to lunch spot.   Great food at good prices with a very friendly staff.  After only my second or third time there, the staff remembered me and always went out of their way to make sure I got what I wanted.   THe lines can be long, but they move very fast.  Customize your own sandwitch, or order the daily plate special, you can't go wrong.  The only thing is they tend to give you too much food for one person.  I have to make sure I don't eat there every day or I will be too big to fit in my pants :-)Incredible place. The efficiency, service, and food quality are as incredible as anywhere else you will find. Can't beat another lunch place for the price, quickness, and taste of the food. This place has found it's niche and knocked it over the left field wall. You will not be disappointed.Very convenient lunch spot if you work in Downtown NOLA. consistent food and service. They're usually pretty crowded but they work it out.This little cafeteria style place is great for lunch.  For less than $10 I got a good sized meal including fried catfish (delicious), mac & cheese (alright), some bread (meh), and bread pudding (amazing).  There isn't much ambiance, as it clearly caters to people who work in the area, but I was quite happy with the food and would come back if in the area.If you work in the area this is a great place for a quick lunch.  I definitely recommend their chicken salad sandwich.  It has a bit of a spicy kick, but more hot sauce makes it perfect.  The cashiers here are also super friendly and efficient.Nothing really bad to say about this place but at the same time nothing really good to say either. All the food is simple and easy. The drinks are Coke and the service was good. One good thing about this place is that the pricing is good on game day. Compared to the temporary venders step up outside the pricing is great.First time visiting this cute fast and friendly cafeteria. Had the spicy chicken leg with greens and sweet potato. Was caught off guard with the sweet potato it was cold,sweet and to candied for me. Not from the south. Sorry. Everything else was amazing.Visited Catty Car Corner on 7/20/16...best food ever!! Homemade, good serving size, great brownies, and reasonably priced.I'm addicted to their spicy baked chicken! Such a great flavor! I love their breakfast hash browns too. This place is great for a quick lunch!This is a Mon-Fri breakfast and lunch establishment in the CBD.  They have a quick moving line with plenty of selection and good food.  The people behind the counter can be a little intimidating because you have to know what you want and place your order quickly.  Don't forget to grab a tray, and then after you pay, turn around and grab your utensils.  The baked rosemary chicken (a special) was really good.  I think their gumbo is Ok.  They have everything here from sandwiches to fried shrimp.Five stars for friendliness, southern charm and hospitality.  We were greeted immediately upon entering the facility and since it was clear we were first timers, we got special attention, ensuring we knew how everything worked.  That was awesome and impressive.  We were a little disappointed by the food however.  The sides were basically cold and the chicken strips that my daughter ordered were much too spicy for her.  I guess I should have asked but it would have been nice had it been mentioned that they were spicy so she could have made another choice.  I had the sausage, which was okay but barely warm and relatively small.   So I'm glad we went and experienced it but wouldn't be itching to return if we lived there.Went this morning  for breakfast ! Staff was very nice and made conversation with you and food was very good ! I'd recommend to anybody traveling ! I had a bacon egg and cheese croissantwich and potatoes and my wife had the same but on bread ! Will be back again !Fast food...plenty of seating and fast service (no waiter)...good food and cheap. It's your usual business area fast food lunch time restaurant. I had the seafood jambalaya....really good and it wasn't too salty!!! If you're in a hurry for lunch from work...it's a place to go grub at!!! 
Serve yourself!If you like cafeteria style restaurants that serve hot daily lunch specials, then Catty Car Corner might be a place you should try.  Located on Poydras Street in the ground floor of the Amoco Building, this restaurant caters to the west side of the CBD; especially to those in walking distance, as free on-street parking is nearly non-existent in the immediate area.  So if you are driving, try and find a meter, or simply go to a pay lot or garage. 
Although they also serve breakfast, I have never had the opportunity to try it.  However, I have dined here for lunch on multiple occasions and have never been disappointed.  The actual footprint of the restaurant is fairly small and the tables are very close in proximity to one another to maximize seating.  Furthermore, it's pretty loud in here.  But don't let that detract you from what brought you here in the first place; and that's the food.
Catty Car Corner serves 5-6 different hot specials every day.  These are comfort food at their best.  I can personally vouch for the baked chicken, the rosemary chicken, and the fried catfish. And the meatloaf is good enough that you may want to slap ya' momma when you taste it.  Furthermore, they have a damn good "combination " gumbo with chicken, sausage & okra.  These meals aren't for the faint of heart, especially once you add your 2 side dishes.  If you are looking for a little less food, try one of their salads (especially the Cobb) or perhaps a sandwich.
There is no table service here, only counter service.  Although usually crowded, the line moves quickly and the prices are pretty reasonable.This place was awesome from top to bottom. The food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable. The staff recognized that we were from out of town (with a convention) so they gave us suggestions on kid-friendly places we might want to take our child.I feel like maybe it's just a little bit pricey depending on what you get, but I've never had a bad meal here. If you know what to get, you can get great portions. Also, the workers/owner are some of the friendliest people.cafeteria style, but nice assortment, gumbo very good.  m locals very loyal to it.  highly recommend.  Good prices.Everytime I make a visit to City Hall or anything on Poydras I have to make my way over to Catty Car Corner.  If you in need of a hearty and soul warming meal at lunch this is the place for you. From catfish to macroni, to beans to salad there is just so many yummy things for you to get on your lunch break. You get enough portion that you could possibly let such a meal carry over into dinner.
Everytime I visit this location the food is tasty, well seasoned and just overall well done. You really  can't get any better.  The staff is friendly and they get you in and out so you can have a ample amount of time for lunch.Nice little place for lunch. Ordered 1/2 a club sandwich and some chips w/ a coke, less than $10.00. The club is great and is big for half a sandwich. You can order at the counter and they run it right out to your table. I was eating 4 mins after I hit the door. The staff are no nonsense and very responsive and helpful. This place is doing NOLA proud.Had some very tasty gumbo and greens.  Friendly staff,  lines moved quickly and it was a great value.   I'll have to head back for some heartier fare.  The ribs and chicken looked great!Excellent place for breakfast or lunch in the CBD. Peak lunch hour can get very crowded with lines out the door though. After 1:00 is usually alright.
They have daily lunch specials as well as salads and sandwiches that you can customize yourself. Everything I've tried has been good quality and the prices are reasonable.
My favorite is their fried catfish with mixed vegetables and macaroni and cheese.
*Note that they are only open Monday thru Friday.*As stated in the previous reviews, this is great spot to get a home cooked style lunch fairly quickly in the CBD.  Its centrally located on Poydras, and while the lines get long, they move just as fast in a cafeteria style set up and with a friendly, but no-nonsense staff!
They have plenty of options for everyone!  Pre-made salads (most have an animal or bird on them), fried foods (fried chicken, country fried steak), veggies (all simmering in butter), mac n' cheese (everything you'd expect from home made mac n' cheese), sweet potatoes, sandwiches, soups, etc, but you should remember this is southern cooking style, nothing is healthy in here!  There arent too many, if any, vegan options either!
Catty Car Corner has ample seating (alot of people grab and go) and is a great option for groups with varying taste and limited time (like a quick lunch during a conference or working lunch).  Its not fancy but you will leave pleased!  
Personally I dont eat here as much as I I would like, so that I can leave by fitting through the door!
The prices are comparable to any other lunch spot in the area.  Since the servings are so large, I like to split the meals with a friend, so I dont fall into a deep food coma in the corner of my cubicle afterwards!Good, fast food at a reasonable price.  They want me to write a longer review but I have nothing else to say.My go-to lunch spot - here are some of my favorites:
-lemon almond chicken salad salad
-veggie plate (or just order a few a la carte)
-chicken & sausage gumbo, packs some nice heat
And every now and then you might want to try the red velvet cupcake if you need a "sweet" treat to get you through the day, just saying.Food was plentiful and tasty, though I did feel like I was hit by a salt bomb afterwards. 
Simple cafeteria style place, food is about a 3 of 5, but the staff was very friendly and I like that there is a huge variety to choose from.Came in for breakfast. Got a pile of salt and potatoes, great biscuit, jerky-like bacon and some scrambled eggs along with a severely overpriced iced tea. Surprisingly upscale décor to go with it.
I honestly can't recommend this place for breakfast unless you're a trans girl on spironolactone that's just binged on bananas. I hope their lunch menu has a little more diversity in its palate.Large pre-made salads, great value and very good.  Cafeteria style. Food was tasty and very quick especially for those on a schedule.  Great for business people in the area.  Would not go out of my way to go there,  but if in the area, excellent choice.Food was amazing. Fried Catfish cooked to order. Well worth the six minute wait for it. I had to wait another three for it to cool down. Perfectly breaded and flaky perfectly cooked catfish. Sides were yummy.
 I also ordered the Gumbo with Rice. It could have been spicer, but that's why they have sauce you can add. The gumbo was very hearty, lots of sausage and other ingredients. Walked out of this restaurant limping I was so full. 
Thanks for the excellent service. Your staff was friendly and helpful when I wasn't sure what to order. Definitely coming back and bringing my crew with meFor a quick and reasonably priced breakfast this is your place. The food is very good I had a egg breakfast with biscuits and gravy. Very nice help.Just around the corner from my hotel. EXCELLENT PRICE & FOOD! Very yummy biscuits and crispy bacon. Will be back!Great locals spot. The gumbo was really nice.  Nice portions and decent prices.I found this place on accident. I was looking for a bathroom in ht e1340poydras street building before i took a test on the 9th floor and the security guard was a bit mean. SO I SAW THIS RESTAURAUNT WAS Open and i decided to go in and see if they had a bathroom. And yes, they did!!!! So then i started smelling bacon and I was in love. I loved my sandwich and the cook was so nice! I enjoyed everything . They also had my Dasani flavored strawberry water that I cant find at a lot of places. I enjoyed my breakfast before I took my test.That croissant was  delicious !Perfect CBD lunch spot.
Great food, good prices, and super friendly staff. There is a line at lunch, but it moves very quickly, and there is plenty of seating. The portions are always big and flavorful, and it isnt crowded or noisy like a lot of similar style lunch places in the area.
Most recently I had the catfish, which was excellent. Usually a lot of places in new orleans will skimp on catfish **ahem, Mothers, cough cough, overrated**, serving you such a thin-sliced and overcooked fish so you end up with a crispy catfish cracker. At Catty Car Corner, however, they give you a nice, juicy slab of fish.Everything here is really good. My daughter's fav is the meatloaf,  sister adores the wraps, i love the sandwiches.  It's a must try. If you are not already parked and placed downtown it's difficult to park being that it's off the edge of the cbd, but they are friendly, service is quick, food is stick to your ribs and well worth the effort!Today was the first time we have eaten here and it was delicious! Most of us got the baked chicken breast special with two sides and everything was really good. One had a club sandwich that was huge. We go there around 11:15 and there was plenty of seating. We will definitely be going back. Another plus is it is close enough to our office we can walk.The sides were really good. A good variety of food. I got the pork chop which was tough and a little fatty. Wouldn't pick it again but would go there again and get something else. My husband had one of the chicken choices--he said it was great.I stumbled upon this place during my morning run, and I'm glad I did. Service was excellent, and their food was tasty. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with eggs & red potatoes and the Big Honcho. Great way to start your day!I've only been here for breakfast but this place is amazing. Their breakfast sandwiches are delicious and most times when I get a bacon egg and cheese sandwich anywhere else I feel like there isn't enough bacon but not here. The service here is great as well and everyone is always friendly, even if it's early in the morning.After reading the other reviews, breakfast may not be their strong suit, which is what I had. Served from a steam table and everything has to be microwaved to eat a hot breakfast. 
No wonder people hate jury duty.Excellent food, Pretty Spicy but the food burst with flavor. Good and personable service, I had the spicy wings and collards. After my meal I flat out slept at the hotel it was that good. I strongly recommend this for lunch.Food is good and service is great! In fact, I left my purse there dieing lunch and they called around to the buildings nearby and tracked me down to get it!Found this gym on our last full day in the city! Super nice people, great food and convenient to the Hyatt Hotel. I had the chicken salad which was a little spicy, but good.After a very busy week of two jobs and hustle and bustle.  I finally treated myself to the most delicious meal around.  I ate fried catfish, cabbage and carrots.  Yes it may not sound SINFULLY DELICIOUS to you, but it's just the script for my body.  Healthy and tasty!
Don't everybody go at once, but please indulge yourself in the home cooked healthy food of this establishment.We were at an event at the Hyatt and decided to get at Catty. There was a line becuase its lunch time in the city, but the line moved quickly.
The food was definitely worth it, tasted like it was straight from Momma's kitchen. The baked chicken, cabbage, the gumbo, the mashed potatoes (that was no box), even the club sandwich was good with that little crunch on the end of the toast. Oh wait that yams!!! With a little marshmallows melted on top...
This is definitely a place to return to!So never been here before but the came twice in 2 days! Lol! First day got the ribs, cabbage and cauliflower! The vegetables are delicious! I could have just eaten that! The ribs were good, one was better than the other, the other one was a little chewy, but still tasted good. Second day, got the chicken salad on croissant, gumbo and some chips. I love me some delicious chicken salad! I ate all of it and wanted more! I'll definitely be back. Service was great and quick and everyone's super nice. Huge menu so you could probably go every day of the week and get something different!Wow. This little unassuming place is great. Their grits are lovely - creamy and salted just perfect. Normally grits turn into sludge before you can finish them. Not at Catty Car Corner. And the owners are very personable and I can tell their regulars love them. Great service.The food was pretty good. Not great.  They are inside the big Amaco building so I almost didn't find it. Looks like a very popular lunch place.  The price was pretty good. Might try them for breakfast tomorrow. The breakfast prices seem very reasonableI came here when they first opened for the day at 7 a.m. eager for breakfast. The cafe is cute and quaint with two entrances. Service is cafeteria- style and was fast and friendly, but unfortunately, the food wasn't good. I got the Big Honcho for $7.14 including tax. It featured bland eggs, bland grits, good bacon, and a good biscuit. I was going to get a croissant, but I don't think those are made in-house.Do you like soul food? 
Do you like well cooked food? 
Do you like cheap prices? 
Do you like large portion sizes?
Then this is the place for you! During my stay at New Orleans, I frequently visited this restaurant. I like the interior. I loved the layout... they have an area where you can sit where the television sets are located. They also have a more secluded area where you can sit, if you desire privacy. Both areas were clean and well stocked with utensils, napkins and condiments. 
This eatery is super popular during certain hours. Everything is made fresh and they tend to sellout rapidly! It's first come, first serve for the order of the day. 
The food was bomb! Honestly, truly...it was extremely savory. I ordered almost everything from the sandwiches to the breakfast items during our stay. 
The workers are incredibly nice. I had one instance where my mom and I were racing against the clock to pick up our order before the restaurant closed. We were stuck at the French Market and waiting for the next tour bus to hop on to. Traffic was INSANE. When we called, they told us they would have our order waiting for us to up to an hour after closing time; we just needed to knock on the door. How awesome is that! 
My family and I loved visiting this restaurant...we went every single day we stayed in NOLA. Next time we visit, we'll definitely be there.
 Can't wait to see you again, Catty Car Corner. Stay fabulous!BETTER VALUE THAN MCDONALDS: 
biscuits, eggs and sausage are a higher quality, portions are bigger but the price is about the same.
1970S ERA DARK AND LOUD 
awkward ground floor space found in most oil company monoliths. Counter service reduces wait times snd tips but there is no fountain machine.
BREAKFAST UNDER $5, LUNCH $10
While the menu is unspectacular, $7.25 for an acceptable chicken cobb salad or a $6.75 club sandwich is almost cheaper than bringing your own.The fried fish was the worst I've ever had.  
Steamed vegetables were cold n soggy.   
Ate a few bites and left.Got the spicy chicken, mashed potatoes, and green beans and a side of chicken and sausage gumbo. The spicy chicken was not great had a lot of grease in it so didn't feel like finishing it. The sides were ok. The mashed potatoes and green beans weren't anything special. Tbh I didn't know what to expect when I got the gumbo bc I never had it before but probably liked the gumbo the most out of the whole meal but the chicken was realllllly dry...they kinda tasted like the cube chicken that comes in canned soup...giving it 3 stars bc it was so cheapGood location.  Great for breakfast, ok for lunch.  The salads are pretty good for pre-made salads.  I'm not a fan of microwaving the burger to warm it up.  The sandwiches are good.Had the best breakfast for $6, it was just what I need before my flight back home, wish I would have went there before but definitely will be back again!Quick, easy tasty lunch.  The line moved quickly and there were plenty of places to sit.  I had chicken tenders, potatoes & cauliflower and liked it all.  The menu tends toward southern (not so healthy) cooking but there are salads available.
Wish I have come here the first day of my conference in the area because I would have come again if I had the time.I had a fried fish plate with mashed potatoes and gravy and everything tasted like frozen or boxed instant food. When I told the server that my food was cold, she put it in the microwave in front of me and I had to ask for it to be taken out after 40 seconds to make sure the food wouldn't scold my mouth. My total was also 11 bucks for lunch. What a rip off!To say I visit this place often is an understatement. I work near by so I'm always there. Whether it's for a cup of coffee in the morning, breakfast, lunch or something sweet you can find it at Catty's Corner. 
Do not let the lines discourage you, they move super fast. It's cafeteria style food but it's always tasty. Great place to go if you're in the CBD area. 
Prices are reasonable and food is great, what's not to love?! Also, the owners are very nice and personable.The food is beyond good! I had the fried fish, this comes with 2 sides and these cute little cornbread muffins(I would past on them though... Not the best)The prices are reasonable to say they're in the middle of all the action. My only problem is the pick up option. With it being in the CBD a lot of their customers are on lunch breaks and would like to call ahead..to no avail. They never answer the phone which forces you to wait about 15-20 minsThis hidden gem is a reasonably priced breakfast and lunch place over by the Superdome.  Opening at 7am they serve a full breakfast cafeteria style, and offer plenty of to-go options such as breakfast sandwiches etc.  Breakfast is served until 10am.  
The lunch menu features sandwiches and po-boys and 6 or so hot entrees with sides every day! (They're open Monday-Friday).  Entres run the gamut from red beans a d rice on Monday's to lasagne, Pork chops, fish, etc.
The staff and owners are super friendly and this place provides great value for the money - especially in the CBD!Best biscuit I've had in a long time... perfectly flaky, hot, and just all around delicious. Just stopped in for a quick bite and meeting with a client but now that I know this exists - I'll be back next time I need a quick breakfast or lunch!