We went soon after it opened, and Catty Shack kicks ass! After moving to Nola from Dallas 4 years ago, we've missed excellent tacos and queso. No more, bc Catty Shack is so delicious. We've tried every taco on the menu, all fantastic. Personally, I love the Big Daddy brisket tacos, my husband gets the catfish and the crispy beef tacos. And always chips and queso. Always.We got there late, about 45 min till close.  The tacos were great.  The Big Daddy was our favorite.  My girlfriend and I had two apiece, easily could have put down more, but the price was a bit high for "street tacos", and we waited a while considering the volume of customers they were dealing with.  All in all it was a very good meal, and we'd certainly give them another shot.Superb tacos - interesting flavors, fresh and tasty. Queso dip is the best I've ever had. Definitely worth a visit!!!This is hands down the best taco joint in New Orleans. Super casual, great atmosphere and friendly service. The tacos were sooo good. Had the Big Daddy and the Crispy Beef. Both were flavorful as hell and didn't even need anything added because they were perfectly seasoned and moist. The  guacamole and chips and queso were great too. Might be my new favorite spot. Plenary of parking and outdoor seating for the fallThis is informal dining. Order at a cluttered counter.  Get your own water from a side table. 
We ordered three different types of tacos. All were very good.   I liked the catfish tacos the best! Try them!   The guacamole dip was excellent.  Definitely go thereArguably the best tacos we've ever eaten. It's a small place with a small menu (add salads!!) but everything we've tried has been spot on. The people are friendly, too.Clean restaurant, friendly employees, good food. What's not to like.
I know tacos tend to be around this price range (they have a 3/$10 deal if you order 3 of the same tacos otherwise they are $4+ each), but I found 3 tacos to not be filling. However, my friends had no complaints about the price/food ratio. And they loved the brisket, even going back for more tacos after their 3.
The catfish taco was pretty good, though, even if the tortillas were a little dry and the taco was light on other toppings (i.e. the slaw was pretty sparse). But the flavor was on point (chipotle sauce), the catfish well-fried, salsa tasty. Also, I loved their chips, guac, and queso.
I will be back to try the brisket taco based off how much my friends love it.Loved this place! The tacos were so amazing and perfectly crunchy! Really cheerful interior and the owner Catherine was really great to talk to!The veggie tacos were amazing!! Seriously the best tacos I've had in years - woke up today thinking about them;-) Hubby had the brisket tacos and raved about those as well.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and fantastic food - what more do you need?Spending my birthday vacay in the Big Easy and wanted to get away from the all the seafood. Found this GREAT spot with freshly made tacos. I had the beef brisket which was the absolute best taco I've ever had. My traveling buddies had the original crispy beef tacos which they too loved. The owner and staff are so gracious and down to earth. Best off the beaten path spot to chill and get good eats.The tacos are so delicious and the restaurant is so adorable! I'm in love with the crispy tacos but they are all really good. The owner is from Austin and so am I and that Texas flavor really shows! Keep up the good work!!!This awesome place is special from the brisket tacos to the people serving you we will be backAwesome little hole in the wall with great food and pleasant staff. The salsa is homemade and top notch. I got a beef two and my girlfriend got fish tacos and both were excellent.Couldn't be happier that this place exists not far from my house. I'm always hungry for tacos and Catty Shack more than exceeds my expectations. They're gonna do some killer business during Jazz Fest, I hope they're ready. 
Because they're new, the hours are only 5-10pm on most days but once people begin to find out, I'm sure they'll have no trouble extending the hours. It's a bit off the beaten path but I promise you it's worth the trip. First, the prices are right, $10 for 3 delicious, nice sized tacos. I got the catfish and they required nothing more than the little lime wedges provided. 
That was the main but let me say, their chips and queso is quite possibly the best in the city. They've got those thicker, browned and salted chips that scoops the perfect consistency of the queso and peppers with ease. Man, it's definitely a place I'm gonna try everything they have to offer and possibly a few times over in the very near future. 
I'll definitely be seeing y'all again.Absolutely delicious! Friendly staff, great atmosphere. Looking forward to going again!Looove this place. Best tacos ever. I usually stick to a meat only diet but my holy amazing if their veggie taco isn't the best thing I ever ate! I have had everything on their menu and love it all!It's Taco Tuesday! My boyfriend and I always do it taco style on Tuesdays, so we thought to try Catty Shack. Cool little place with a nice, quaint little atmosphere. Menu wasn't big, and not what I was expecting, but the selections sounded good. I got the "big daddy" which was $4.50. My boyfriend got 3 of the big daddy-s for $11. I really should have opted for 3. After waiting close to 20 mins, our tacos finally arrived(there was only one other table) We were pretty underwhelmed by the size and amount of food we just got for $23(we ordered guac and chips too). 
Let me just say this: 
- the tacos tasted PHENOMENAL! 
-we waited way too long 
-tacos were too small for price @ $4.50 each 
The chef/cook asked us if we liked the tacos when we were walking out, to which we said "they were great"...which they were! And I do love when restaurants encourage your feedback of the food. We just had to wait way too long. 
We ended up still being hungry and didn't want to wait another 20 mins, so actually went to another Mexican restaurant to get our taco fill..whoops!I had a brisket and a fish taco. Both were tasty. The brisket was shredded and had a good smoky flavor to it. The fish taco was lightly fried with a slaw on top. The fish taco's chipotle mayo could've come through a little stronger and had a little more acidity. I put some of the red salsa on top which did the trick. The price was on the pricier side. It would've been a lot more reasonable if everything was $0.50 to a dollar less.This place is amazing!  The owners are always there and so friendly.  And the tacos are so good!  What a great addition to the neighborhood!So good!!! Best tacos I've ever had! Everything is made from scratch. Had the brisket tacos, queso and chips , crispy beef tacos and everything was amazing. Cutest place and best music playing. Service was friendly and quick. Highly recommend this shack!!Tex Mex Tacos in New Orleans!!!  Simple tacos and beer kind of place. Indoor seating in pretty artistic dinning room. Tacos where great. I had the brisket tacos with cilantro et all. Loved it. Tacos are 3 for $10. Fish, beef and veggie. They have both hard shell and soft. Both handmade and good.Fresh, fresh, food. And not full of grease.  
All dishes made to order with outstanding spicing and flavors.
Being from San Antonio, TX, I have high standards for this cuisine and Catty Shack fits the bill.
Try the veggie tacos, with delicious peppers, onions, and cheese, or the fried catfish tacos, which were lightly fried with a great sauce.
Great place to sit and have a beer and food.Place is quaint & super cute. No frills just a small taqueria feel. We went on a Saturday for lunch during St Patty's parades so there was no one there really as everyone else was downtown lol. But it was very nice & the food was super delicious. We had the chorizo queso (worth the extra $1 more than getting the plain queso) & chips which were super crunchy (only $0.50 to refill them too). Then we had the fish tacos which were so so good & though a tad bit small, very very satisfying. They also have a few drinks there, the mimosas were nice and at $5 each who can complain about it. The owner, I think, Catherine was super nice & easy to talk to. We stayed for hours after our meal was done & no one pressured us to leave. Overall great experience & will definitely recommend for the food & laid back atmosphere.I live in the neighborhood but somehow had missed this place until tonight.  We will definitely be back. Vibe is comfortable and mellow, service is low key and friendly, and the menu is short but excellent.  We tried most of the tacos and all were good,
but our favorites were the fried catfish and the brisket which were *amazing.*. The chips are really good and definitely try the queso. It's a gem!Great little Texas taco joint in NOLA. Fish tacos were the best (3/$11). Brisket was good as well.  I wish they had brisket nacho's.  My family enjoyed the food and staff.Hooray!! A place for gluten free breakfast tacos in New Orleans finally arrives. This new spot is entirely gluten free (unheard of in New Orleans). There are about 4 or 5 different tacos on the simple menu. We tried a couple of them and were impressed.  The queso was delicious as well. I am so happy to have a place to feed my breakfast taco craving.I was a bit skeptical going to a taco place in New Orleans (native San Antonian) but Catty Shack was awesome! Perfect homemade tortillas and spicy micheladas to boot! The Big Daddy was so good, I had to order secondsI have a new favorite taco shop! We had brisket tacos and beef tacos plus chips and salsa and queso.
The tacos were amazing - well balanced with their toppings and with super toppings.
The chips are freshly fried, red salsa has a bite, and the queso is very flavorful.
I enjoyed the vibe of the dining room, too.
Come to Gentilly. Eat Tacos. Imagine you're in Austin.My first trip to this neighborhood place! I'm really happy -- I tasted a fish taco, a crispy beef, and a big daddy: all delicious! I also tasted the guacamole and the quest, who I thought was really tasty. I'll be back.Amazing tacos salsa and guacamole. The white queso and chips steal the show though. The menu is small but you can't go wrong with anything. Their breakfast tacos are the best in town.Amazing!!! Where do I start "Big Daddy " smoked brisket taco , "Catty Fish " fried catfish taco, "Crispy Beef " angus taco , "Crispy Lentil" lentil taco, & " veggie " pinto bean & veggies . Oh and the queso & chips amazing . Guacamole is just as amazing. Friendly staff and if your going next store to the Jockey  bar they will bring your food over to you. Prices are reasonable .  Enjoy !!! Yummy !!Good food but overpriced.  $5 for a taco that's 1/2 the size of a normal taco.  They were delicious but should be $3.50 max given the size.This is a small place with limited menu. What the do have is awesome! Tried one of each taco, not one was bad. Their guacamole was super good and made fresh along with the chips served with it. Taco's are a little pricey $4.50 each but are very full.  We each had 2 and left satisfied. Hubby had the Sangria which was strong a perfectly sweet. So if you are not. NOLA give them a try.Horrible experience on our 1st and only visit - and we're locals, so we were really looking forward to enjoying a neighborhood spot close to home. First, the food is NOTHING to write home about - the tacos are small and way over-priced and the tortillas fall apart in your fingers. The guac was bland and basic - totally disappointing. I'm honestly surprised so many people think the food here is special. But the "customer service" really sealed the deal for us - the owner wasn't friendly from the start and then snapped when I politely asked if we could come inside with the puppy as it was starting to rain. She threw the health code at me (eye roll) but I accepted it and went back out side to wait for the food. The food took FOREVER while there were 3 other people eating inside ahead of us. And then a MONSOON hit - the kind that flooded the streets and sidewalks in a matter of minutes. And for her to see her paying customers outside getting SOAKED with wet food and a puppy and not offer us shelter is unreal. Bars and restaurants all over the city welcome dogs inside and it's what keeps the locals coming back! My food got wet so I had to abandon it, and I made it home drenched to the bone with a sopping wet puppy, having to wade through flooded intersections to reach my car instead of getting to sit inside to wait it out - and we probably would have ended up ordering more food and giving her more business if we were inside and dry! There are plenty of other great spots in town with killer food and great service and love dogs. I'll never recommend this place.It's no secret I love me some Catty Shack. It's my personal Friday or Saturday treat to myself. It's my happy dance taco place, I know my evening will be made by the delicious tacos of Catty Shack.
Listen... I didn't think I could love beef traditional styled tacos since Taco Tico on the Lakefront next to the Dollar Movie theater (when I was a kid) closed down. I closed my heart off to beef tacos until I found Catty Shack... It opened me back up to a fuller life of beef tacos, some of the best beef tacos I ever ate... It's honestly enough to visit them for. However... The Brisket Taco and  The Catfish Taco are both showstoppers as well. All of their tacos are super filling. Honestly, you could get 3 tacos and be full for the night, which can be a hard thing to do some places. But that's not enough... I'm just going to say it.. THEY HAVE SOME OF THE BEST QUESO IN THIS CITY... It's the type of queso that makes you want to sing a song, maybe a song by Meatloaf. It's so creamy and has just the right spices with their yummy chips.
If that wasn't enough... Their specialty drinks... Listen I'm a Sangria connoisseur and their Sangria is top tier, it is just a great blend, so smooth and comes in a cute little glass bottle for in-house use. Also, the Frose was great here, nice slush to it.  The food is great here and the menu nice and simple for us indecisive.
The location is super adorbs. It makes you want to go on a date actually. Check this location out for some intimate or family outings. The staff is great, everyone is always super friendly and helpful.
There is street parking, even in the evenings I haven't had much trouble finding parking.Quite honestly the BEST little taco joint there ever was.  I could go on for DAYS on my love of this joint. Their menu is small but boy does it pack a lunch! What they lack in variety they 100% make up for in perfection of their offerings. To be honest we all know a few restaurants that should adapt this method. Don't even get me started on the staff.... I love all of them. Those ladies in the kitchen are what I want to grow up to be some day...badass.what a great spot.    finally got to eat here, cause I've been trying to, but my hours are earlier than theirs.    Straight up simply good food.   I had the brisket tacos, and chips and guac.     Then I got my hubby some to go brisket and chips and queso. 
that queso has some heat to it, I loved it, but hubby can't do heat.    so that was a bonus for me.
LOL
everyone who works here is super friendly, and I'll be back.
happy to finally find ya.Vegetarian tacos were fresh, crispy, and full of flavor, especially when salsa is added.  I can't wait to come back and try to the meat tacos.  Thanks guys.Had the veggie tacos, queso dip and flourless brownie. All were very delicious, this vegetarian journey I'm on hasn't been all that bad! Thanks to Catty Shack for providing these options. And Solomon got my order out really quick, it was cook to order.I love this place! Home grown! You can drink next door and order the food! Get the Queso!best tacos in new orleans! if you don't try the frito pie you have not lived fully!!!!! Staff even better than the food!Seriously impressive tacos! Had the veggie taco and the crunchy lentil. Sauces were impressive too! (Might have been my favorite part.) Vacationing from Austin but still craving Tex Mex so we stopped in for lunch and now  I'll be dreaming of this place til I get to visit again!Absolutely the best crunchy tacos I've ever had.  ALL of the tacos are great.  But those crunchy beef are AaahMazing!
Thank you Catty Shack.This place has a super chill atmosphere and is super environmentally friendly. Limited menu and only wine and beer. Food was delicious and the guacamole was fresh and amazing. A little pricey for the vibe but you feel good supporting this establishment. I came with a friend very randomly and we both would come back again.I received a notice on yelp about this new business in the area. I am always up for a good taco. This place is small but cute and quaint. Solomon took my order at the counter and he was extremely personable and friendly I ordered their signature brisket tacos. They were pretty damn tasty! Good food at a great price. I only tried the tacos but I do plan to return to try out other menu items...the couple next to me had some sort of cheese appetizer that looked delish!These tacos are probably the best in the city! Cat cooks with love and you can totally tell! I got the catfish tacos and mah boo got the crispy beef. Soooo good! The red salsa is perfectly spicy ( it has an amazing creep heat factor that makes you want more!) but good thing they have a lot of beverages to wash it down. I wish I could eat these tortilla chips every day. I know I'm going to wake up tomorrow dreaming of them. Luckily I live here and can come back when I can!This little gem is delicious! I planned to take photos but we ate so quickly I didn't get a chance. They have a good mix of bottled drinks and I really enjoyed the froze. The queso was one of the best I've had. We got a mix of tacos and enjoyed them all. We will definitely be back.Excellant Tex Mex Tacos in a fun local atmosphere. The tacos and guacamole were both above average. 
Also sampled the locally raised catfish, also great.Near the fairgrounds in Gentilly; a cute tex mex taco spot. The inside was colorful and fun. The service was quick and friendly. Fresh tortilla chips made to order were amazing salsa had a nice kick to it.
big daddy taco: my favorite; crispy flavorful brisket with a refreshing avoverde sauce
Catfish tacos: excellent. Perfectly crispy with a creamy mayo sauce and refreshing cabbage
Peach chorizo: couldn't taste the peach flavor and the cabbage overpowered the chorizo 
Veggie tacos: too soft for my liking;was wishing for a crunch or added textureA slice of home! I grew up in Austin, and good Tex-mex is hard to find here. Great food great atmosphere friendly folks! The only thing that could make it better is if they carried Lone Star beer ;)Best Tacos Ever ! Such An Amazing Staff ! 
We go there weekly and have never once had a bad experience. The food is always fresh and delicious. I Highly Recommend !!Best tacos outside of California!! Love the catfish tacos! This place is a must when in New Orleans!tacos soooooooooooo good. queso AMAZING. service spectacular. highly recommend !! had brisket, crispy beef, and catfish tacos. catfish were the winner. 
owner and counter person were V personable and interested in our experience. LOVEOne figures most Mexican restaurants in America are Americanized, but this one has overtly identified itself as Texan cuisine, and they go hard for that atmosphere despite their rather anonymous, Spartan digs. The music is twang-y, and "Don't mess with Texas" is proudly displayed.
However, it must be an Austin restaurant, as it is actually pretty vegetarian friendly. I tried their veggie tacos (I was a bit miffed that you can't mix and match; at least not without paying more, so I didn't try their lentil option). They were quite loaded with toppings. I prefer corn tortillas over wheat ones, but was a bit surprised when I got what were apparently white corn tortillas with a fair amount of whole corn kernels in them. Go figure. Nonetheless, they were tasty and had more than enough salsa. Their chips are quite nice as well, and one can certainly taste the difference between store-bought and fresh-made.
It's a bit off the beaten path, but certainly worth a little detour.This place is SERIOUSLY AMAZING! The brisket tacos were to die for and I can't stop thinking about them. I have to go back and eat some more as soon as possible! I don't even like queso and this queso is out of this world! I ate the whole bowl with the yummy home-made chips. The staff is friendly and warm and I can't recommend the Catty Shack enough!I like to find local eateries that rock when our family is dining out of town. Being diehard Texans, we are always hesitant to try Tex-mex and/or bbq brisket outside of our home state. We have strong opinions! We decided to give Catty Shack a try based on all the stellar reviews. Cuz who doesn't love tacos!?! We weren't disappointed. 
We have 4 children, who are the pickiest of eaters. They all devoured their beef tacos, queso & salsa, except for the littlest. She was being especially picky that day, which is never surprising. Miss Catherine came around to check on us and noticed, so she pulled together a quick & tasty quesadilla for her! 
We had the queso & red salsa. The queso is a white queso & the thick chips are homemade. I LOVED the red salsa. It has a smoky flavor and a perfect amount of heat. I think "spice" is very subjective so definitely give it a try! I got the big daddy tacos which have brisket, so amazing. The brisket was moist, and most people have a tendency to over cook & dry out the brisket. Yet again, my high brisket standards came in to play & were not disappointed. Now, I'm not a huge fan of corn tortillas so I was slightly concerned when I got my tacos & realized they corn. I went ahead and dove in to the taco and was pleasantly surprised. They were the best corn tortillas. Not dry at all & super flavorful. 
I do wish we had ordered a wider variety of tacos, especially the namesake Catty Fish taco. I have been burned out on bottom feeder catfish for a long time. Miss Catherine told us her fish was sourced locally so we gave it a small try. Yet again, not disappointed! It tasted so fresh, not fishy. Give it a try. 
Environment is great. I have 4 VERY busy kids. They were so occupied coloring while we waited for our food. I love the mixture of NOLA & Texas art on the walls. You can even tell she cherishes art that guests create while waiting, as pieces are now on the walls as well. 
You can tell that this restaurant not only takes care of their guests' needs but the neighborhood as well. I loved witnessing their interactions with people inside & out of the restaurant. It was endearing to watch. These interactions show me they not only love & value their business but the community it serves. 
On our dining list for our next NOLA visit.We came from DC for Halloween. we basically tried every taco on the menu. Everything was amazing especially the catfish! I also had the brisket. I am not a huge barbeque fan but it was incredibly tender. Nothing was greasy. Everything was very fresh. Its not very often you have the owner come out and ask you about your experience. I would highly recommend it!I'm so happy to find an awesome Mexican restaurant so close to me! My boyfriend and I tried it out for the first time last night and we loved it!!  We will definitely start coming here on a very regular basis. The food was excellent and I love the cozy atmosphere. The guacamole and chips were exactly how I like them (I'm kind of picky when it comes to guacamole and chips). Thanks Catty Shack and see you again soon! :-)It was our first time here and OMG great pick!!! The big daddy, the catty fish and crispy beef. AMAZING FLAVORS!!Amazing Tex-mex! Everything was super fresh and delicious. Everyone was friendly too! :)This is the BEST tex-mex in New Orleans! Being from Texas, the food here easily rivals the texas restaurants! I definitely recommend the big daddy tacos and must have the queso!!I truly enjoy the street tacos concept they try to capture. The queso and chips are the BOMB. The steak tacos and fish are one of the best in the cityThis tiny little taco joint is MY new favorite place. It is on Gentilly Blvd. near the race track, walking distance from my house. The menu is small but the food is AWESOME!!! We have eaten darn near everything on the menu over the course of several visits and we LOVE the catfish tacos (but they are ALL good!), both salsas (the red is a little spicier), the queso and the guacamole. A $4 FROZAY is a perfect accompaniment for a plate of tacos and some chips and queso. 
The staff is SUPER SWEET. The location (for me) is perfect. I am one happy taco eater!!It's taken me a while to write this. It's still hard. My eyes keep welling up. Do you miss Texas? I REALLY do, sometimes. Ten minutes drive from the 7th and I was home. The service would rival a sit-down restaurant. It felt genuinely homey and welcoming. I have to say that you have done something I've never seen before: the taco shells weren't greasy and didn't fall apart. Now you're a magician. Number 2: my grandfather is chained to the smoker out back and I need you to release him. 
I was enjoying my "Dublin" Dr. Pepper, scribbling, and a Willie song ended and a Dwight Yoakum song came on next. Then some tacos made me feel kind of weepy. I wiped my eyes, it was a bad idea, but I just kept eating my tacos and dreaming of the Frio River. Thank you, Catty Shack.My girlfriend and I ate here for Valentines Day and it was fantastic. We each ordered one fish(catty fish), one crispy beef and one brisket (big daddy) taco. We ranked them the same with the brisket being our least favorite, the cotija cheese just didn't fit as well as we thought it would, great idea though. In second place came the crispy beef, it was the classic American taco but elevated because it was seasoned perfectly with high quality ground angus beef. Finally, oh finally, the Catty Fish. The Catty Fish wasn't just a good fish taco, it was the best fish taco I've ever had in my life. The catfish is fried and seasoned perfectly, the cabbage is divine, they nailed the sauce.. idk what else to say really. We tied it all together with a Big Red (Tex-Mex baby!) and went on our way. 
We'll be back for the Lentil and the Veggie!!Catherine!!! You did this Houston native's heart some true justice. First of all we showed up less than 20 minutes until close and still got amazing food and service. The tacos were banging. The frozen sangria hit the spot and wasn't super sugary. The queso--I'm obsessed!! Will be back. Shout out to this Gentilly/7th Ward neighborhood staple. My only request is you stay open later but I understand...boundaries. LOLAdorable little taco gem. Quick eats. 
Excellent tacos. Held a star for a little hard to read menu items, they are in several locations. Maybe just me.
Could display better. 
But other than that, thumbs up!I love this place. They have plant based taco options which I was happy to see and they can easily be made vegan. The food was super fresh and delicious. I've brought friends here multiple times now and will continue to recommend. A great thing to get is the guacamole and queso with chips. They are pretty decently sized portions and I'm super happy every time I leave here. Major bonus for the guy who has take my order every time. He's so funny and honestly makes waiting more enjoyable. Can't wait to come back!Unique, tasty tacos, fantastic guacamole and delicious queso. If you're looking for tacos in New Orleans, go here.The tacos were fresh and delicious! I got the ground beef and lentil tacos and they were both a good size with good flavor. I will be returning.Best food I've had in awhile! Ordered it from Uber Eats and it was so delicious and the packaging was perfect! I would have posted a pic but I scarfed that food down!YUMM! Tex Mex done right!
This little spot is so New Orleans. You'd pass it right up if you were just driving by. It's small and eclectic. Fun wall art, newspaper clippings, and hand written menu boards. And of course, the food is delicious! I'm so happy I found it. 
The food: Let's start with drinks. They have plenty of beer options. What you'd expect from a taco place. They also have frosé and sangria, as far as alcohol, and I believe they have sodas and sparkling waters too. They have a water station around the corner from where you place your order, as well. 
Okay, now the really good stuff. My friends and I are always on the prowl for the best queso in the city and these guys are at the TOP! Not too runny, not chunky, and they give you plenty. Their chips are HOMEMADE. You will not be disappointed. I can't get over how delicious the chips and queso was. You can add chorizo for $1, which I will probably get next time. A fair warning though, the queso has jalapeños, so if you don't like spicy or hot foods, sit this one out. I think it would be worth it to ask about a mild version, if you just can't deal with the jalapeño. 
The tacos here are simply delicious. You can't go wrong with any one. I had the Big Daddy, which is their brisket taco with cilantro, an avo verde sauce, onions, and a little cheese (the crumbly white kind, cotijas?). Wow! I plowed through all three. My friends had the ground meat one with cheddar cheese, which came with a side of salsa (also spicy). They loved it- the taco and the salsa. We didn't try the vegetarian options or the catfish, but if they're as good as everything else, it's safe to say it's good!
To summarize, everything is great. The options are tacos, chips and dips (guac, salsa, or queso), and drinks. Just about everything is fresh and homemade. 
The restaurant: I've already given details above, but to add there are about 2-3 tables for 2, about 3 tables for 4, and the day we were there they had 3 more tables pushed together as one long table, which was perfect because there were 6 of us. We had plenty of room. There is also a bar area you can sit at against the wall, I believe. This restaurant is next door to Jockey's Pub and they sort of share outdoor seating as well. Lastly, this place is clean so no worries there. 
The staff: Some of the sweetest people you'll meet. They know their regulars and love making new friends. They were so helpful with the menu and all the questions I had. You can tell they just really enjoy making food and sharing it with others. 
The parking: Typical New Orleans situation, here. Street parking. Although, it's not too hard to find a spot, as this is basically a neighbor restaurant. 
Hours: They're basically only open in the evening. I didn't take a picture of the hours for reference, but I think they usually close at 9, except weekends it's around 10 or 10:30? I can't be sure. 
Deals: Tacos are 4.50 a piece, but they have a 3/$11 deal daily 
In closing, I will be back again and again, bringing new friends every time.I was on Yelp late one Monday afternoon a few weeks back and I was browsing, looking for someplace to go the following day for Taco Tuesday  when I stumbled upon this place. I saw all of the great reviews and decided to make it a Taco Monday because I couldn't wait. 
Let me tell you....Don't Believe the Hype! Go there if you want to, but you have been warned. 
First, when I couldn't find a website, I found a FB page and saw a price list. Then I get there and see another price list in the store. When I give my order, it's something else. The prices had gone up by at least $ dollars. I mentioned it and was given some reason about tax being included and it not really being that much difference in price. Yeah whatever. 
I ordered the basic tacos with ground beef. Yes, they were most definitely basic. They were something that might have been made in a middle school cooking class. They were ground beef. No onions or bell peppers. Just ground beef which was dry and had barely any flavor. The taco shells most likely were from a package. Just the basic hard shells. The shredded lettuce probably came out of a bag. I ordered extra cheese and when I received my tacos I had to ask did they remember to put the extra cheese on them. I was told yes and they don't put much cheese on them. Well extra cheese wasn't much cheese on them. If a person says extra, that means they want a lot. Not a little bit more than the regular little bit.
The tacos were boring and basic and I suggest if you know anything about tacos you find someplace else to get yours.
I paid for chips and salsa. The chips appeared to be flour tortillas. They were bland, unsalted, and hard. I mentioned it to the staff and was told that they were hard because they needed to be able to stand up to the guacamole. I wasn't happy with that answer and was offered a refund. When the $1 refund came out that didn't include tax it was for the chips only. Well I ordered the salsa to go with the chips but I didn't get a refund for that nor did I get the tax I paid refunded. 
I will NOT ever return to this place again. There are so many other places in New Orleans that have great tacos and other Mexican food. Remember now, you've been warned!The queso dip is bomb AF and so is the Catty Fish Tacos! A great alternative than ordering food on Uber eats if you live in the area!Avocado? Yes. Cilantro? Yes.
Even though I hate both these things, I can still say I received excellent food and service at this new, quaint little place. My only complaint was the Texas paraphernalia. Ew.
To make sure you know, I'm an EXTREMELY picky eater. I went with what the male chef recommended (Big Daddy/brisket tacos) because nothing sounded good to me, but asked for the cilantro to be left off. I just didn't feel like eating soap last night, ok? Don't judge. My SO and I also ordered the queso and the beef tacos. Don't forget the Mexican Coca cola! I needed that.
We were immediately impressed with how friendly the guy and gal behind the music were, and with the eclectic music itself - the literal music this time. I immediately over tipped; I may have felt guilty because I felt judgmental about the location and menu. Seriously, y'all there was a crime camera with red and flashing lights out front. My suburbania was flaring.
The meal: 
Queso - delicious with homemade chips
Brisket taco - I tried it with all the green stuff because they accidentally left the cilantro on. Don't misunderstand - they repeatedly offered to remake them, but I said no. STILL not a fan of the cilantro or avocado. :( sorry. But the brisket was amazing! Completely allowed me to overlook the green, grumpy gangsters.
Beef taco - Home made taco shell for the win. All net there.
Chocolate brownie - we were warned it had kick. I didn't taste it until after the brownie went down the food chute, but I got smacked in the face by a Clydesdale hoof! Loved it. And I don't like spicy things.
All in all, wonderful experience with delicious food. Give it a go.HANDS DOWN BEST TACOS IN TOWN. 
Also, the pinto beans with brisket are amazing and don't miss out on the salsa verde or anything else really. I have to admit this a completely biased but honest review as I've had the blessing to live next door to the owner, who is the spitting image of Katharine Hepburn, for a few years. She and her family are some of the nicest folks you will ever meet. Since the restaurants genesis the food has continued to impress. It is obvious there is a focus on quality, freshness, and cleanliness. The atmosphere will take you deep in the heart of Texas. So pull off your coat, throw it in the corner, and eat 'til you feel like a rolly polly. NOLA is blessed to have a place like this. Whether it's in your way or out of it, this is a MUST.Yum! If they had just a few more options I would give 5 stars. I'll definitly be back! Thanks Catty,I love this place. Best tacos in the city. + chorizo queso  and so are the big daddy and catty fish tacosI've lived here for 3 years (from Texas) and I haven't been able to find good Mexican food!! This place is amazing! Best quac and queso in the city and the tacos were Perfect ! Best Tex-mex in the city hands down!I adore Catty and her tacos! 
I remember coming her when she first opened, and I fell in love with the lentil tacos. Unfortunately, I don't live anywhere near this adorable place.
Hubby and I were in the neighborhood,  so we stopped for lentil tacos, and I instantly remembered the awesomeness. Since my first time, Catty now blends the lentil with beans for a hearty taco, which was still great. No complaints. This time I had the sangria. It was red yet refreshing. It reminded me of a spring night for some reason. 
To top off the visit, Catty held our baby while we ate. She asked and we let her! Again, no complaints from me. We found out that baby likes Willie Nelson's singing. Kid you not!