Most exciting place to open this year. Food was excellent (I wish they had a more reasonable steak option than a $50-$75 16 ounce).  Oysters and salad were great, ambience fantastic. Service was perfect. I was overwhelmed at how well thought out and designed everything was from the decor to the service and the menu.This restaurant was the best little surprise of our NOLA trip! We needed a reservation and found it on open table- loved the look of the restaurant so we booked it. Little did we know the ambiance was only the beginning of a wonderful experience! Our waitress was phenomenal & our food and drinks were our favorite of the trip. Can't go wrong here.BEST RESTAURANT IN THE CITY!
Authentic little food paradise in this beautiful southern home on Magazine St. 
Must try their oysters!!! Lovely selection of drinks, if unsure what to get ask the bartender their to make their specialty! 
We shared the whole fish for dinner (3 people) and the ribs and were beyond stuffed, everything was so delicious!! 
And to top of the dinner, we split a key lime pie! 
Just a perfect evening to a perfect week in New Orleans!!!Drinks were great. The star of the show was the octopus and chickpea salad. The octopus was cooked perfectly. Tender, juicy and full of flavor. The contrast of the crunchy fried chick peas with the octopus and veggies was a lovely surprise. Oysters on the half shell and fried oyster Caesar salad were both unexceptional. The steak was good, but not out of the ordinary good. Try the octopus. You won't be disappointed.Amazing, rich food. Beautiful restaurant. Great service. Some absolute favorites out of all the delicious items tried today: the fried oyster toast appetizer, fried crab claw appetizer (was an off menu selection, so perhaps not always available), and butter-baked shrimp and grits. Enjoy!A friend and I went to Cavan last night for first time. We both live in New Orleans and eat out often. I was really excited to get a last min reservation but the night quickly went down hill. The renovation was gorgeous but it was hot inside and no moving air. Our waiter was very difficult to understand and not friendly at all. Service was slow. Menu was strange but we decided to split the steak...a $55.00 steak. No bread came. Finally the steak arrived...cold. No salt and pepper on the table even. We had waited so long and at this point we were more than irritated. The waiter abruptly took the cold steak away to replace it with a hot meal and never apologized!! Before I could request the manager he appeared apologizing profusely saying he guessed the steak had waited too long to be picked up! He comped us a mediocre cracker runny pimento cheese appetizer that we gobbled we were so hungry at that point. A new steak arrived hot and very good but at that point we had already decided...we would never be back again. Manager also comped us a key lime cheesecake dessert which was good. Cavan better get its act together because in NOLA you can't survive charging what they charge and have even one off night. I've eaten about 50 times at Shaya, Le Petite and service and food is spot on every time.The restaurant is a beautiful old mansion that has been faithfully restored and has a lot of southern charm.
The bar scene here is abundant with two bars on two floors.  Great drinks and service.  Drink prices are higher than normal.
The menu is just ok.  The Boudin tater tot rolls were good, but the mustard sauce overwhelmed.  
Jerk fish entree was Mahi mahi.  It was flavorful but overly sweet.
Steak entree was full of flavor but again, very sweet from the house steak sauce.
Burger was good, but the fries were so salty we left them on the plate.
Service was excellent.  Kitchen was very slow.You can't review Cavan without first boasting the amazing customer service and ambiance of the restaurant.  Seriously the friendliest people in New Orleans work here.
And yes the food is amazing, the drinks are amazing and if we had desert I'm sure I would say it was amazing too.amazing food! best toasts and great service. I highly suggest the fried oyster and kale and white bean toast.My friend and I decided on a girls shopping day on Magazine Street and picked this for our brunch spot based on yelp reviews. We ended up waiting out a thunderstorm here and had a delicious two hour brunch. Highly recommend the carafe of sangria. It's not on the menu but if you ask, they'll do it for you. Food was delicious - kind of a modern take on traditional creole. Decor is amazing in this lovely converted old house. Highly recommended.First time visit to Cavan on Magazine St. The restaurant is located in an old style New Orleans home originally built in 1881. If those wonderfully high ceilings could only talk.
The attentive service provided by Mr. Didier enhanced the experience.  And what a dining experience it was. We took advantage of Cavan's Coolinary three course Menu, which provided a choice of appetizer or salad, entree, and desert. 
Every dish was uniquely wonderful. We had the She-Crab Soup, and the Market Salad (which included slices of fresh peach and fresh figs). For the second course we tried the sliced flank steak (cooked to perfection), and the Jerk Rubbed Fish (don't know who named the dish, but the fish, sauce and rice were all terrific.) And for dessert we had the Sweet Mint Mousse (light and refreshing), and the absolutely fantastic Key Lime Pie.
As I told Mr. Didier, this was the most delicious dining experience I've had in a long time.
Thanks.First visit to Cavan.  We made reservations and were seated promptly.  Beautiful house.  Food was delicious.  Deviled eggs - oyster toast and special fries out of the world. Entrees of buttered shrimp and fish selection were perfection.  Husband got the maple banana pudding-tasty but overpriced for portion.  Only negative was the solemn server Simone who for whatever reason was not very friendly.Cavan is a house-restaurant that has a history of being "haunted." Our entire wedding party of 20 ate here and everyone's food was way above par. Drinks were great, bartenders were friendly, and the waitstaff was knowledgeable about every menu item down to the individual ingredient. Loved it.Been here twice, excellent service, and great drinks. Cavan has an awesome environment, it is located in an old classic New Orleans style home. This is the place to go for scallops in my opinion!We went here for Coolinary and loved it. We were seated in the best seat in the house, right in the center of the first floor dining room with a view of the bar. I loved the French Quarter type feel inside with the very old chandelier, high ceilings and windows, and old pictures hanging on the walls. The 1800's mansion has a romantic feel about it but the place is a little loud. Curtains on the windows could help with that.  Service and food was fantastic. We ordered the gumbo and fritters for apps. I loved the gumbo...it had a thick and dark roux. The fritters were ok, I liked the dream fraishe sauce with it. The entrees were fried chicken sandwich and shrimp and grits. Fried chicken was amazing with that blue cheese aioli sauce. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, I was just ok with the curry grits. The dessert we both got the key lime pie which was very sour and good. There is a $15 wine pairing option and the first glass was a rose, second was a sparkling rose and last was a port called feist? Anyway, we were very happy with everything - ambience, service and meal. We will be back.Fantastic restaurant! We stopped by with no reservation and got one of the best meals ever. Awesome food, really friendly service, great drinks. Will come back any time.Kind of bewildered that the immaculate renovation done on this once-private residence still allows for such a casual and fun dining experience. On top of that, the quality of the staff is more than enough to overpower the biggest problem I generally have with eating uptown: the clientele. Service was astute, personable, warm, but most of all, fun. Although the entire experience was stellar, the staff -- from Shannon's warm greeting at the door, to Zach's top-notch service -- was the obvious highlight.
Chef Kristen's food is awesome, but this is no surprise, given how yummy everything is at Meauxbar. The surprising thing is the price points! You can get away here pretty cheap, especially considering the quality of the ingredients and also the prices of other restaurants in the area. Isaiah's wine list is packed with some great value wines that aren't easy to come by in other places. 
I could say a lot more, but I think I've hit the important points. Oh, Sean Zapotowski is REALLY hot, and he's my favorite bartender in the city. No joke. HOT. AND GOOD COCKTAILS. The end.We made reservations for today after having an amazing experience back in October. I'm not sure what happened between then and now but our experience today was terrible. The service was slow and our waiter was flat (to put it mildly). The menu options, which were already very limited were made even worse by the fact that they were out of the one appetizer we ordered as well as an entree. (This was relatively early in the afternoon). We were extremely disappointed in the entire experience. Cavan is a beautiful building but missed the mark by a mile when it came to the pillars of the restaurant business, service and food.We went for happy hour, which they are no longer doing, but I still had a 5-star experience, and can't wait to go back for a full meal.  Really well crafted cocktails from Janelle, our bartender.  She really knows her stuff!  We also had some hush puppies and fried oyster toast, both excellent.  All around great experience and a staff that is very welcoming and friendly.I'm going to have to echo Shannon S.'s review of 05/16/2016, having experienced that same watery, bland and tasteless gumbo, which I brought to the attention of both the server and the front of house manager, I actually, when asked to describe the problem said, "It's really bland water with a brown crayon dipped into it for color," but we're gonna get past that now because there is SO MUCH POSITIVE about this place. First: There were three of us, my son, Justin Chentnik, Executive Chef of ShredChef Catering Services, Denver, and Chief of Operations SASO Pepper Company, my wife his mother, and myself, Executive Chef, The Bondo at Ocean Isle Beach, seafood preparations for private clientele. That's our dining group. Our server was PATRICE, a friendly and pretty young lady who knew absolutely EVERYTHING about nearly every dish, totally pleasant, and with few exceptions on the ball, and I'm gonna recommend her without reservation, by name. Loved her. I'm on my lappy right now and don't have all of my photos, so I'll add those to this review in a few. CAVAN is in an old house on Magazine Street, in the NOLA Foodie area, as I like to call it, parking is abundant both in a lot they use at the bank/law office across the street after hours, and on the street itself. Easy peasy. In fact, this would be a great dinner destination if you were taking the street car from anywhere in the French Quarter, say...maybe JAX Brewery. Start there, have cocktails, jump on the street car out back by the riverside, make your way down to Magazine, and CAVAN is certainly a worthy destination. Among the dishes we had were some outstanding stuffed eggs, a super-fresh scallop crudo that was both beautiful and delicious, lots of other stuff seen in my photos. As a whole, this is a worthwhile stop for any serious foodie, just on the outskirts of NOLA, and Chef Thibodeaux brings his A-Game. Highly recommended.Wanted to love this place but just didn't. The service was SO SLOW - especially for a 2pm reservation. The food was fine, but not up to New Orleans standards. 
Would probably go back for dinner and give it a shot.One of the cooler places to go and grab dinner. Location and building is from the old plantation days and has been well kept. I would recommend getting their pork dish or chicken dish. Those out of all the ones we had were by far very delicious. Everything was so beautiful and that only reflected on their food and drinks. 
Their Beautiful and Dangerous was really good but then it had a weird bite at the end. Maybe it's cause I'm not a big rum fan but I didn't even finished half of it. 
Besides that overall really great food and experience.We came here for an early dinner. The hostess gave us a tour of both levels of the restaurant. We decided to sit at the downstair bar. Shaun the bartender was very entertaining with all the 3 couples at the bar. The hush puppies and the key lime pie are a must to order. What made our experience great was how personable Shaun was with us. We will definitely come back to see him again.I've enjoyed Cavan every time I've gone in.  From having a cocktail at one of the two bars, or food, each experience has been great.
I can be a bit of a picky eater and the Cavan Doublestack burger is one of my favorite burgers in the city.
The staff and servers are friendly without being overbearing, and it just feels like the atmosphere is one of family.
The chef has really elevated the food here and the place as a whole seems to be really hitting their stride.
If you haven't been to Cavan, go check it out.  If you had a bad experience early on, try it again.  I doubt you'll regret it.Outstanding!  This restaurant is absolutely wonderful. Located in a great spot on beautiful Magazine St, it's the perfect place for dinner or to simply enjoy a cocktail in their fun bar or outside on their beautiful patio. 
      My husband and I went for dinner and we were so excited about trying this new restaurant and we certainly weren't disappointed.  For starters we had the beef carpaccio; which I can easily say was the best I have ever had and the crab deviled eggs-also wonderful!  We also had the clam chowder-not a typical dish here in Nola but it was excellent nonetheless. For dinner we enjoyed the pork chop which was cooked to perfection-seriously-and the Bbq jerk shrimp which was packed with fresh delicious flavor. Everything about our meal here was top notch!
     After dinner, we ventured upstairs to a happening little bar scene and had fun visiting over an after dinner drink. They have a gorgeous patio in the front of the house right off of the street that is perfect for outside dining as well. This is such a fun place I can't wait to go back and sit outside!We went to Cavan with a group of 9 on a Saturday. Food was pretty good. The pork chop and quail were delicious. The scallops came out cold. One of the pork chops that my friend ordered was undercooked. We had server named Emma who  was really sweet and went out of her way to split the tab into 4 at the end of the meal. But, the biggest disappointment was how long it took for our meal. 8:00 reservation and we were served at 10:15 ish.Went with a group of 6 and got a really cool table upstairs....absolutely LOVED the atmosphere up there. Everything we had was delicious. Except when we got the bill, we realized the waiter did not tell us that they charged you for every soft drink. Really annoying, would have bought a real drink instead of diet cokes if we would have known we would end up spending $15 in non alcoholic beverages...My husband and I both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. We both would rate this restaurant a 4 1/2 but took off a half star for different reasons. Let's start with the good- we had the salmon poke tacos. Delicious!! Would get again. He had the pork chop. It was cooked perfectly with good flavor. I had the jerk fish. That was excellent also. We would both recommend both dishes. I took off a half-star bc I felt like the dishes were brought out a little too soon. I wanted to just sit and enjoy my cocktail but the tacos were brought out right after my cocktail was delivered. My husband took off a half-star bc he got the truffle fries in addition to his dinner and it was nothing but fry crumbs, good flavor; but fry crumbs nonetheless. Would def recommend this restaurant though. I'm excited to go back and try brunch.This is some of the best food and service I've had in 3 years in NOLA! What a breath of fresh inspired air! If you're into cocktails, try the "early check-in". It's a perfect example of curated ingredients coming together in perfect balance. We tried so many things on the menu and honestly everything was pretty great. The crab toast +++! The hush puppies were amazing! The ambiance was elegant without being stuffy!2nd time here and it did not disappoint the second time either. With Beautiful ambiance and the food bursting with flavor, you can't go wrong. I had the shrimp and grits and my friend the burger. Both delish. The staff is always friendly and beautiful.Really good food.  The first time i went it was a 5.  I sat at the bar and the food and value (happy hour menu) was outstanding.  I went back with my daughters and it was still great,  but not really as good as the first time.  The duck I had first time was outstanding, the duck I had 2nd time was not as good.  The girls loved it so much that one of them went back for New Year's Eve.  I will return.  Would love to frequent for happy hour if I didn't live in Metairie.  It's a bit of a drive from here.This is a small house that was converted into a restaurant. Because of this it is loudest place I've eaten at in a long time. I had the pork hop which was really good and my date had the grilled fish that was decent. This is the perfect little date spot minus the noise level; it was hard to hear the waitress or my date.Last night was my first experience with Cavan.  How good can a kale salad be?  Go to Cavan and find out!  Kale salad, Boudin tots, smothered pork chops, shrimp and grits, king cake doughnuts, etc, etc.  Every single item that I ate was spectacular and now it is difficult for me to choose between Cavan and Sylvain in terms of what my favorite "new restaurant" is.  I cannot wait until the next time I am able to eat there.  Add to the amazing food the fact that the staff was fun and friendly and I'm not sure that there are many restaurants that can rival the experience.I recently went here for dinner while in NOLA. I have nothing bad to say. The food was great. The service was good. I loved the fact that it's a converted mansion. They maintained a lot of the original decor. Definitely a good dining experience.The food was great. Service was great. My entree came late but they were very apologetic and gave me a free soup to make up for it. Really great staff and cool ambience. Highly recommend.Recommend this place highly.  It has a funky decor in an upscale uptown home.  Food and service was wonderful.  I also recreated the Annie Liebowitz photo of Angelina Jolie in the upstairs bathtub.  Didn't realize it was a thing!  Have the scallop tartar and whole dish entree and don't forget to take and post your own bathtub pic.  John Goodman did it!This restaurant is beautiful inside and the service is pleasant. I had previously joined friends for drinks at the upstairs bar and had a nice times However, upon returning there to eat...the food wasn't great. 
Here we go.
Jerk rubbed fish: way too salty. Almost inedible.
Raw Oysters: not served cold, not very appealing. (Also, I know it's not really oyster season? , so my bad for ordering that). 
Tuna and pasta dish: under seasoned, over cooked tuna fell flat.
Poke salmon tacos: yummy, nice size. 
Corn fritters: delicious.
I enjoyed the atmosphere and service was decent but the food needs improvement. Hoping for the best for this place as it is a beautiful setting.Really nice spot. Doesn't look like a restaurant at first, looks more like a typical regular house in the area. Nicely decorated inside, very unique concept and fancy style. Very good service, delicious food and great ambiance !I never review places but this is necessary. Beautiful historic home and great Bloody Mary. Terrible food. So disappointing. Could not eat brunch hanger steak because it was so over cooked, tough, and covered in a gross sauce. My friends poached eggs were literally raw and dissolved into the over sauced food. My other friends shrimp and grits was also very bad. In a bowl that looked like mush, slathered in sauce, and unpeeled or deveined shrimp. I really hope this place gets better because the atmosphere is wonderful and the wait staff is super accommodating (albeit a little slow). If someone forces you to eat brunch here get a pancake (they're great without the weird syrup) and a strong drink!Rich, tantalizingly, dreamy flavors with a fancy atmosphere in a beautiful, old restored plantation house on Magazine St. It would be 5 stars if the portions were a little bigger. Yum!I had a fantastic meal here about a month ago. Hush puppie appetizer was divine! Main course of Seared scallops perfectly done on a bed of jalapeño cheddar grits etc. So good I got the shivers! Even though it was July we ate supper outside and it was a great atmosphere. I have to say the staff was great! Very accommodating, professional and extremely pleasant! I am looking forward to returning.Beautiful space. Expertly decorated for the holidays. A nice quiet, romantic evening. We dined there while the Sugar Bowl was happening across town, so happy to be away from Bourbon St.!! Excellent service, excellent cocktails. A memorable night.Service, attitude and food quality.  All lacking.  Burger was over salted.  Hush puppies left an oil slick and the staff didn't care or perhaps worse, even knew how to care (minus the hostess, she was awesome).  Don't waste your time.  And I rarely review places.Interesting atmosphere however upstairs music was too loud. Bar crowd is right there by the seated diners and the later it gets the noisier and rowdier the crowd at the bar. The oysters were great and the whole fish very fresh (we had it grilled not fried).Food was great and so was service. The ambiance with the revival of old mansion was wonderful. Would definitely come back.Very good, good service and atmosphere. I'll be living here for only a short period so I try not to go to the same place twice. This will likely be an exception to that rule.Service was great, Emily was amazing. Food was spectacular across the board. Had the whole fish and the giardaneire on top was delic. Almost a 5-star except for my seat which was on top of an AC unit but come here for the service and the food. Won't disappoint.They food is amazing! The drinks amazing! Service- superb. The atmosphere is very well curated and relaxing. The only complaint I have is THE MUSIC IS AWEFUL!!!!!! I have come a few times and the music is always just bad! Blue Oyster Cult just doesn't really fit the vibe.I'll Beyonce of the bar room upstairs but we were seated blah, service was just OK. The food, not so great very bland had high expectations but was disappointedIncredible dinner with my family at Cavan to celebrate my younger sisters engagement. The mansion itself is beautiful and classically appointed, and it feels exactly like you want a fancy restaurant in New Orleans to feel. The menu changes frequently, as do the cocktails. We had a private dining room, which was amazingly special. Everything we ate was sumptuous and fabulous, and the service was top notch. I followed a recommendation and went with the she-crab soup to start and the NY strip, which was perfectly prepared with green tomato chimichurri, lyonnaise potatoes, and blue cheese. I thought I was too full for dessert, but man alive was I wrong, because the carrot cake was killer delicious. I would have loved a more extensive beer list but between the cocktails and the wine we were just dandy. Amazing time, thanks for a great night!Had brunch here yesterday & it was fantastic!! Fun drink menu & everything we ordered was great!! Not one person complained. Will be back!!!Highly recommend the turtle carbonara!! One of the best things I've ever eaten. Went to New Orleans for my birthday. Had never been there before and searched the internet for a place to celebrate. So absolutely thrilled I chose this place! Amazing setting, service, and food. Wine selection was great, loved the Sangiovese I ordered. Raw oyster appetizer, duck breast, and pumpkin spice jerk fish all excellent!! Seriously one of the best dining experiences I've ever had and made for a very memorable birthday.I thoroughly enjoyed our luncheon experience. Great service, cute waiters, wonderful brioche filled blackened magi magi sandwich topped with coleslaw and a side of waffle fries to die for. Attentive and helpful service. A repeat visit for dinner will be imperative. Beautiful 108-old mansion built by Irish immigrant tycoon in New Orleans.Amazing atmosphere! Food was very good and staff members were friendly. We walked the whole space and loved it. Especially enjoyed Linden, the bartender.Went here with the other night and I love how this was a house. Drinks were very good. The upstairs bar is cooler atmosphere then downstairs. The service was the only thing I have to complain about. We waited for almost 20 min before getting drinks & almost 2 hours for our main course. :/
Order the salmon cured toast!! And the pork chop was delicious!!!After walking up and down Magazine Street on a humid summer day, this is the best possible lunch spot we could've stumbled upon! We were greeted even before walking in, seated in the gorgeous historic dining room near one of the many windows, and served the best meal and drinks the Garden District has to offer. Specialty cocktails were excellent, and shrimp and grits were the BEST EVER. We finished off with pineapple upside-down cake, which was perfectly sweet and moist. What a gem!This is such a wonderful place. We went on a Friday at Brunch time. Had a wonderful cocktail, then appetizer of lettuce taco shrimp. It was delicious! Shrimp were cooked perfectly. Ordered the double meat burger. This was absolutely the best burger I have ever eaten! It was juicy, very tasty, cooked perfect. I came from Baton Rouge, and would definitely drive there again for the burger itself! I can't wait to go again and try the other foods!Cavan is located in a beautiful historic New Orleans home, and it seems as if most of the interior decor stayed intact. It's really a very charming place. There was a big age range of diners, which I thought was nice, but it seemed like most were under 35 years. 
Food was amazing. I've been to a couple restaurants that have opened within the past year, and Cavan was certainly the best (food and ambiance wise). We ordered:
Scallop Tartare: Amazing, unexpected flavors. The scallops melted in your math and the sweet potato flakes were the perfect edition on top. 
Bbq jerk shrimp: Great flavors and the mango rice was the perfect complement. Seriously amazing. 
Both the crab toast and oyster Caesar were great, but I thought the dishes above were standouts. The staff was great and attentive. Overall, super happy cannot wait to come back.A brilliant meal that satisfied my cravings for delicious fried chicken and collard greens. The meal was made more special because we arrived close to closing and still received friendly and gracious service. We even took a tour of the mansion to see the creative use of space that turned it into a restaurant.Excellent!
Best place for breakfast on Magazine St.
Poutine and Shrimp and Grits to start A++++  Amazing!
You will be tempted to get the Croque Madame, which is delicious...but go with the Fried Gulf Oyster Sandwich...it is out of this world.
Cocktails are excellent, try the Espresso Milk Punch...Also the chicory root coffee.  
Finish with the key lime pie. 
Bravo!I sometimes like to go a few times to a restaurant to get the total feel. I've been twice for brunch and twice for dinner. All four times have been highly enjoyable. Great friendly staff, beautiful dining area, inventive and tasty food. A welcome addition to my restaurant rotation!Dined tonight with my sister in this beautiful house on Magazine St. The wine offerings by the glass were pretty limited (not a Chardonnay on the list) so we opted for cocktails. We started with the deviled eggs. They were very good, however I really could not taste the crabmeat. The Oyster Toast was very yummy and I would order this dish again. I think the scallops were the best of all!  Sweet and succulent, and perfectly complimented by the cheese grits and corn. Good thing we saved room for dessert. Loved the Popsicle. Frozen Mexican chocolate goodness!  It alone is worth a return visit!  My only complaint is the noise level. There was nothing to absorb the noise in the main dining room and the loud birthday party next to us made conversation difficult. Hate to say it, but the noise level tainted an otherwise fabulous dining experience.Being in an old New Orleans mansion, Cavan has a wonderful southern charm. The upstairs bar is a great place to get a drink before your reservationThis place was one of the best I've had in New Orleans!!! Food and service was amazing!!! Sarah was our server and she was above and beyond the best!!! My boyfriend and I highly recommend Cavan.The only reason that they got 3 stars instead of 2 is because the service that I received was 5 star.
Went here for dinner with my fiancee this past Friday and since we arrived early we went upstairs to the bar.  I ended up having a Kentucky Mule which was phenomenal.  The bartender informed me that they make their own Mule mix.
Our reservation time came and went and after 10 minutes I asked the host if she any info on our table.  She said they were running a little late and asked if she could buy us an appetizer to apologize for the wait.  She ended up bringing us out the hush puppies that were very good.  Unfortunately they are made along side the oysters and my fiancee is allergic to shellfish.  The host was extremely nice about this and brought out another appetizer which was also very good.
Then after another 5 minutes or so the hostess came back over and asked us if she could buy us a glass of wine.  It was extremely over the top and unnecessary but we of course did not turn these down!
When it came time for dinner we both got the duck and we were very very disappointed!  It was extremely bland and the accompaniment of green and squash didn't do anything to add any flavor to the dish.
As we were leaving a lady asked us what we had cause it looked good. We told her and gave her our thoughts and she responded telling us her pork chop was bland as well.We went here after getting a great referral from one of my employees. Have to say we were very disappointed in the food. Small selection with no taste. Had the fried chicken which tasted like cardboard. We just spent an hour I can't get back. 
If someone tells you to come to this restaurant, go for drinks not the food.Amazing food... Fantastic service. Sat at the bar upstairs and Dieter helped us choose several dishes. The sunflower seed risotto was unbelievable. My new favorite place... For food or some great cocktails.First off, what a wonderfully renovated space. We love our old homes and architecture here in New Orleans, and they did a great job at converting it for dining. 
I went on a Tuesday night, sat down right at the bar. Bartender was very sweet and friendly, and knowledgeable. I went off her recommendations all night and was never disappointed. 
First had a small portion of the peel 'n' eat shrimp, which was very good. 7-8 MASSIVE and succulent shrimp with the right amount of seasoning and a tasty cocktail sauce too. Comes with a free hot towel for your hands! 
Then had the gumbo, which I liked because it was done with a lighter roux, which is traditional for where the chef is from in Louisiana. Nice change from the usual dark roux gumbo in Nola. 
I then ordered the burger, I was just craving some red meat. Ordered medium-rare and came out cooked PERFECTLY. This patty is also an inch thick, after cooking! Great sear on the outside and juicy and pink on the inside. 
Had the key lime pie for dessert, but be sure to ask your server about all of the desserts. They all sound fantastic. 
Overall, great experience. Very nice renovation, attentive staff. And Renea is a superb bartender! Would recommend.Best meal we had the whole weekend! Totally worth the trip to magazine street / Uptown. You MUST order the Salmon Poke tacos. Seriously THE BEST TACOS IVE EVER HAD! Comes with 3 and could be a full meal! 
We had the tacos to share ( 2 girls) and then split the flank steak. AMAZING. The steak is perfectly cooked and comes with pieces of watermelon on the side. So interesting and so delicious!! 
Not to mention the restaurant is the cutest old house with pink velvet chairs and wooden tables. The perfect vibe for small groups or date night! And the service is outstanding!!I wanted to love it....roast tomato toast was just so-so. My friend had her martini made twice and  it was still mediocre. Whole fish also just so-so. Might have to try it again with some guaranteed suggestions.What a lovely cocktail bar and restaurant. The craft cocktail menu is great and staff are knowledgable.Awesome ambiance. Amazing food. Great cocktails. 
Really an all around fantastic experience at Cavan. We started with the boudin tater tots and the corn fritters. Both were perfectly fried and the honey butter served with the fritters was other worldly. Had the pecan crusted scallops for the entree and the misses had the roasted root vegetables and the sweet potato dinner rolls (not a lot of vegetarian options on regular menu). Everything was top notch and capped it off with a couple old fashioned's. Just a very solid meal, highly recommend!BEST Tuna Carpaccio you will ever find! 3rd time in New Orleans and with all the restaurants here we keep going to Cavan. Besides the tuna being highly addictive, we also had the shrimp and grits- amazing, hush puppies- sweet but delicious, and all the cocktails I've tried were also the best I've come across so far in New Orleans. Loved the Daiquiri and the cucumber vodka cocktail. The only negative is that they aren't open for lunch. Highly recommend!!Took 30 min to get a cocktail, glass of rose and two lemonades. Not kid friendly, which is not an issue - just FYI. Ordered apps before we received our drinks and they never arrived. Vegetable Crudités and Salmon poke tacos, non cooked appetizers that were slower than the 45 min we had in us to wait. We called it quits after an hour of being abused and ignored.  Not apologetic, not aware, not going back.  Too many options in town to have to put up with this...This is a reasonably new place on Magazine street uptown and it seems not on the tourist radar yet, its a very cool place, actually a renovated home and the interior is done in a very interesting way. We had a great meal here and I got a chance to sample a couple of the entree's. They also have some great starters (do not miss the oyster toast). It's not an inexpensive place, and I am not so sure about the description as a gastro pub, its far from a pub, but the service was terrific and the food great and its a very nice dining experience.I had a wonderful meal at this place in New Orleans. It was in a very old but remodeled house on Magazine St. 
Yes it was pricey-but...hey I wan't paying so...
3 1/2 (3 adults and one child) of us started with the 
CRAB & AVOCADO Toast
butter beans, arugula, orange $13
-really nice although the flavor of the Brie pretty much overpowered the Crab. 
and
CHILLED WHITE BEAN $8
grilled kale & walnut pesto
I'm not a kale aficionado so I put that aside.
For an entree I had:
SEARED SCALLOPS - jalapeño-white cheddar grits, sweet corn, crab, arugula 
$28.5
I'm not a huge lover of grits so I give it less than 5 stars for that but otherwise really nice-very tender and flavorful scallops.
The other diners had:
BUTTER-BAKED GULF SHRIMP - beer, rosemary, lemon, grilled bread $21.5
and
GRILLED DUCK BREAST
puffed pastry, citrus-cane gastrique,
bacon-creamed greens 25
The duck was a bit to rare for me to try but the Gulf Shrimps were great. 
The kid had the...sigh...
BURGER - tomato marmalade,
house pickles, white cheddar 15.5 
But for a pretty much being your regulation burger it was really good. 
We had a bottle of wine but I can't recall what it was other than that it was red-sorry.
Being that it was the child's 5th birthday we had ice cream at another joint called Sucrè which was a bit better than your normal ice cream/sorbet.Enjoyed Cavan quite a bit.  The service was outstanding and the snapper was amazing.  Can't wait to come back again.  Even got a rare French beer and some lagniappe from the staff.This is an uptown gem. I have dined here three times and the service is great, the ambiance is magical, and the food is impeccable. Their creative take on southern and classic dishes like risotto, which they make with sunflowers?!), satsuma bbq shrimp, sweet potato dinner rolls, and corn pana cotta, is whimsical and well executed. Cavan is absolutely what New Orleans cuisine should strive to be.  When we had a party of four, they split up the chowder entree into 4 different bowls for us, which again indicated great service. The margaritas very good, and they offer a huge selection of wines both by the bottle AND by the glass! Overall, I would say this restaurant competes with Carrollton Market and in terms of freshness, seasonality, originality, and service!My wife has been wanting to go here for sometime now not that I've been resisting it's just there are sooo many great restaurants in this town; went last night for my birthday WOW!  
The jerked rubbed fish (black drum) was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had in New Orleans.  It was spiced nicely with just enough heat to burn but not so much that it obscured the flavor of the fish.  The fish was perfectly cooked, flakey yet moist and the mango corn salsa on top balanced the heat wonderfully.
Her flank steak was a exceptional (a little to rare for my taste but perfect for her) very nicely chard on the outside but incredibly tender, almost buttery on the inside....and the salad that came with it on the plate was superior, I stole several bites (it was my birthday)
Drinks were very nice but the food was exceptional and service excellentWas in New Orleans for a quick overnight trip and checked this place out. WOW. In an old mansion on Magazine street, the atmosphere was incredible. We ordered the Catfish Hoppin' John for an appetizer. I'm not big on catfish, but I never would have known it was catfish if the menu hadn't told me so. The fish was DIVINE - firm and tender on the inside, not mushy, the breading had just the right amount of crunch to it. For dinner I had clam chowder (not like a normal really thick chowder, but very tasty) and a smoked salmon salad. The salad is not mixed. It's a beautiful pile of pea shoots with sliced cucumber and a quite large filet of smoked salmon next to it. The incredible dill yogurt dressing also on the same plate - but all in it's own location and not mixed together. It was absolutely incredible. This isn't a cheap night out, a bit pricey, but well worth it.