Ok so to be clear, the artistic method of cocktailing is on point. My drink tasted like a Christmas tree and was fantastic. The nachos we got were great.
It's place is so cramped it's unreal. I'd be surprised if the count for the number of times I had to move out of a staff members way was under 50. My toes got stepped on by them a bunch too.  
But the worst part- oh my god the service via bartenders could not have been worse. Of the 4 times I ordered (3 drinks and half of the cheapest bottle of wine and the cheapest food on the menu totaling $200) I think there was one time that I got my drink within 20 minutes of ordering. And holy ... ordering a bottle of wine, these wine bar employees got so confused and it took 2 trips upstairs, they let me taste it, then started mixing someone else's drink and I got the bottle about 40 minutes after ordering. And after the frustration of being told to move (not asked) and all of that waiting, I get a $200 bill. Should have gone to bayou wine garden. Never again.The interior is beautiful & makes you feel like you're in a different era. 
Drinks has been a hit or miss. I went twice in one week & ordered the same drinks, one day was stronger than the other and more or less tasteful. 
The silver lining to this place is their adobo glazed wings (12$) ! I have never had anything like it and, boy, do I love it!
Their sweet poutine (6$) was very off putting for me. I actually had to send the first order back because it tasted way to burnt & bitter. The second order tasted better, but still had that underlying burnt & bitter taste. 
The elote (5$) was alright. I'm used to the super heavy elotes so this was a good rendition of it but just a lot lighter. Guess you'll like it if you're eating healthy. 
I am more than willing to retry menu items & see what else they have to offer!Great specials and good drinks! Stew is an awesome bartender! Very friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommend!My new favorite place in New Orleans. The old building is charming and the bar has a speakeasy vibe. The cocktails are innovative and delicious. The best part by far, however, is the food. Tommy Finch, the new chef, prepared an amazing meal for our group. I definitely recommend this place, and I'll be coming back soon.Come here! Evidently it's not a well known restaurant, as there weren't many here. Everything was great, good service too.
My friend told me to put this here but with everything that has been said, all I can add is the drinks are excellent... not just good.... EXCELLENT, the food is INCREDIBLE, and the service can't be any better.  
Every time I come here, I'm genuinely surprised this place isn't booked up to the max but yet it is empty.
So my friend, who is correct that I asked him to add more text, said that he's been here 3 times and it's been empty every time.
Please help to change that.Busy place, good pricing at happy hour.  Located in a historical building that is very unique.  Huge chicken wings, watch out ours was under cooked.  Very small menu with different item choices.  We tried the paprika & garlic shrimp sautéed in brown butter, husband thought it was prepare well but I was not a fan of the taste and I love shrimp if it is done correctly.  We also tried the Tri tip steak kebobs on a bed of corn salad.  Steak was great, corn salad was so/so.We dropped into the CellarDoor for drinks only, and did not order any food, as enticing as the menu is. So I will restrict my comments to the service, the bar, and the restaurant itself.
I found the service fast, friendly, considerate, and accessible without hovering (Thank You, Stewy L, Great Job!).
The multiple drinks we ordered -- Aviation, Clover Club, Old-Fashioned, and Pimm's Cup ($12 each) -- were honest pours, mixed correctly, and were cold and delicious.
The restaurant space was comfortable and intimate without the tables and seats being crowded together. The unisex rest rooms were clean and stocked, with staff clearly keeping on top of them.
Four Stars.I have been here twice and have had a bad experience both times! The fist time I was approached by the owner and asked to leave because my boyfriend kissed me at the bar. The waitresses were great and even apologized to us for his behavior.  Giving the owner the benefit of doubt I decided to go again with a group of friends and the owner asked us to keep it down. He said the patio was normally closed at 12:30 but he would be "nice enough to let us stay if we were quiet." Feeling so uncomfortable to even have a conversation, we relocated inside. The waitress was great. The owner however, layed on the couch with his ipad right in front of us. As we exited he never said thank you or even made eye contact with us. The place has a beautiful ambiance but I have never been dissapointed with management (especially coming from the owner) the way I am with this place. This is very unfortunate considering I have lived in New Orleans for 4 years.I expect this restaurant would be a pleasant spot for drinks and snacks in a nice setting. However, I would not recommend it for dinner. On a Saturday night in April, we were one of a handful of tables eating dinner, but still we didn't have very good service. With only four people in our party, they forgot a dish that one woman had ordered (they removed it from the bill). The vegetarian dish that two in our party ordered had no rice and they ran out of their typical bread to serve with it. (Again, it was a slow night!) Unfortunately, another dish had a hair in it - very unappetizing - so we received a discount on our bill as well.  Overall, they had okay food in a nice setting, but definitely see an opportunity to improve their service.CellarDoor speaks to the kind of soul that longs to immerse itself in mystery and history, in debauchery-filled days gone by, in a true house of ghosts and memories - all with a fantastic drink in hand and a beautiful plate of food in front of you! No rush to get in and out, no tours, no formalities. It's a restaurant and bar set in a genuinely historical location - perhaps the oldest still-standing "house" in downtown New Orleans and once a lasting brothel. YAY! I'm a huge fan of a building's past, especially ones like this. Now a craft cocktail bar and restaurant of contemporary cuisine, CellarDoor has combined the modern with the antiquated to create that sort of dreamy, bygone atmosphere I so love. 
An old home with service wings, brick walls, tall ceilings, dim lighting, and chandeliers - this restaurant has an incredible ambiance. I was particularly fond of their cozy outdoor patio, although it was a bit too cold to sit outside. My party was seated in a relatively private back room with one huge table, an empty fireplace, and a huge bookshelf stocked with pretty dusty, falling-apart reads. I didn't love the battery operated candles but understand safety is important. Real candlelight would certainly amplify the mood they've created.
The booze menu is extensive. Wine, beer, fancier beer, a full bar, and craft cocktails divided into "modern" and "classic" choices. Names like "The Nervous Light of Sunday" and "The Drink of Laughter and Forgetting" might be too much for some, but right up my alley. I love words. However, I kept it simple and went with the sparkling Prosecco Brut Rose. Bubbly, pink, and lovely.
For dinner, I started with the edamame hummus. Oh my god, fantastic. The hummus itself, light green in color, was incredibly flavorful and thick. The whipped feta was silky and tart, and the roasted veggies (red pepper and squash) served cold were amazing. A TON of flavor and some amazing textures going on. Toasted pita chips come with the hummus as well. 
My entree was a roasted cauliflower and chick pea tikka masala with Jasmine rice. So many great aromas, beautiful color, and plenty of spice. I'm not sure if this dish is on their regular menu, but it was an option the night I went. Wonderful! Not a huge portion, but plenty of food. I was still kind of hungry when we left... but what else is new!?
Our waitress was a bit curt, but attentive and took good care of everyone. I hope to make it back to CellarDoor when I return to New Orleans, I have my eye on their Truffle Honey Popcorn and Frozen Bubbles dessert!I was in town for one night for work. I've been to New Orleans a number of times before so I wanted to try somewhere new and not in the French Quarter. Found this gem in a gorgeous restored old building. Interesting menu with a great beverage selection. The service was good and we enjoyed everything. Really solid place. Next come will sit outside under the twinkle lights for cocktails.I find myself very pleased to say that everyone I know who has been here enjoys what this place has become. The owners and employees are doing a fantastic job working diligently to make not only locals but our guest of New Orleans enjoy what has become a fantastic place to recommend to friends.  Enjoy yourself at this very unique and almost European feel while being in the CBD of New Orleans!We really enjoyed eating & drinking at CellarDoor...the service and food was outstanding (one should definitely try the poutine, unusual for poutine but delicious!). LOVED the food in New Orleans, but it was nice to find a restaurant where everything wasn't fried. The atmosphere was fantastic, intimate and relaxing...a great place to meet friends.  When we return to NOLA we will make sure to visit again.I've visited twice--the first time was amazing, and I was in love.  The recipes were great, the building is amazing, and the drinks were delicious.  
The next time I went, the corn salad, which featured popcorn, didn't have any popcorn in it.  The fish tacos were utterly drowning in salt, and the scallops had extremely coarse pepper.  I think the line cooks need a little kick in butt because their consistency seems poor.We had a large group of 16. They were great about accommodating us (we even added people last minute and no problem). Friendly waitstaff. The place looks awesome as well. The food was hit or miss however. The braised cheeks were 5-star. Wings and Brussels sprouts were good. But there were complaints about the other dishes. I had the Clams Marsala and they were pretty boring, just sitting in broth with a piece of  bread - they needed a starch, but would have still been just okay.I found this place in the midst of a Mardi Gras downpour; the gas lamps outside beckoned the weary reveler. Immediately when I walked in I felt a good vibe. I love the old building and the feeling of being in an old place, without the dirt and dinge of the places down on Bourbon Street. I ordered Col. Taylor rye on the rocks, it came quickly, and with a fused block of ice; just how I like it.  The bartender was a wonderful young lady, who even obliged my request to take a photo of the bottle of rye, which I had never tasted before. 
I ordered the brussel sprouts for a starter, and they were cooked perfectly with a sweet delicate glaze. Man that was good! For my main dish I had the ox tail pot pie, which was quite good, and served with some type of root chips, like real potato chips. The food came quickly.
I was surprised to read some of the other reviews of Cellar Door, which were not very flattering. Hard for me to believe, as I had a wonderful time there, on my first night in New Orleans. 
I chatted up the owner, and he said they've only been open for six months. He was very personable, and gave me a wonderful impression of the local folk here in New Orleans. He offered up some friendly advice for how to see Mardi Gras in an authentic way, and for that I am truly grateful. I would say that there were very few problems, considering that it is a young establishment. Hopefully the locals will take to this place, as it really adds to the character of the neighborhood.This review is for those who enjoy a night spent seemingly immersed in sepia tones.
There you are, late at night, wandering down a tiny ancient street in the CBD when you see the hint, the glow, the whisper of a drinking establishment that may not be there, and if it is there, surely you're in one of those damn dreams again because this is too perfect. Too quiet. Too dark. Too charmed. You take a chance, you turn down a little lit-up pathway to find that you have, indeed, arrived. 
(and don't pinch me or I'll cut you).
Full disclosure: I fully admit that I award stars and can forgive almost anything if I'm stunned and left speechless by atmosphere. And so I start this review with Cellardoor having me all a-gaga! 
Before you write me off because say, you couldn't give a fig about such things, well, that's fine. We have nothing in common. Still, I want you to go here. They have a good bar, with a nice array of spirits, wine and beer too. I will admit to not having tried any of the small plates yet, though I do give them props for having a couple vegetarian options. I stuck to drinks on this visit.
I took in this glorious space under the influence of rose-colored Cava, I admit, but I seriously could not imagine finding a more divine place to spend the late night hours on Friday night. Find your nook or cranny to grace the night, though the back patio is more of the stuff that dreams are made of, the lighting is as dim as it should be - all of it makes you feel like you're existing in the cherished memory of someone long gone... 
Until, as it happens, a largish group came in and took over the room, glared at us as we nailed the best spot in the room, a long chaise lounge, in front of which is a coffee table made out of, you guessed it, a large cellar door. This is our spot, bitches, so suck it.
And that's my first experience with Cellardoor. Easily my new favorite spot in the CBD. I beg of you, local revelers, don't ruin it for the dreamers.CellarDoor was a little hard to put my finger on as there was a 15+ birthday party and a table of incredibly loud hammered guys from NY (they really wanted everyone to know) that kind of took over the restaurant on a late Sunday evening.  That being said, the location is beautiful, old and exuding a kind of  mystery or romanticism?  Just a really good building for a restaurant.  The food is a concept menu on filipino food that was decently well executed and conceived.  It took traditional flavors and textures a bit far from what I would have preferred (wasn't getting a ton of adobo from the adobo wings), but I think that has a lot to do with my wish that there was a straight up down home filipino place where you could get crispy pata in NOLA (don't get me wrong I'm a big fan of Milkfish).  Thinking of this as more a gastropub rather than a primary restaurant which their cocktail focus and price point bear out really makes more sense to me.  Overall I was happy with the food and experience, the bar poured a decent cocktail, the food was interesting and tasty if not in the same way I was expecting, the ambiance I think would be awesome given that I'm sure the two really loud parties isn't the regular.  Also the service was decent considering it was a Sunday evening and there were probably 10+ drink orders at the bar at any given time. Definitely going to have a second go round, likely during happy hour to give the bar and app menu a little more love.We wanted to have pre-dinner cocktails and appetizers before dinner at another location. We walked in and was a little confused on how to get a table there was no hostess to greet us. We went to
The bar where there was only one seat up for a party of two. We spoke to the bartender who told it was first come first service if the table wasn't reserved, which all were. 
Luckily another seat opened up. Glad it did. We had great service by the bartender and enjoyed some amazing pork belly brussel sprouts and fries. The cocktails were elegant and varied. Really enjoyed our time here!!Cool lil bar in CBD. Came here on a Tuesday night around 10pm. It wasn't crowded and the service was attentive and friendly. Had a beer and the "Green Light" cocktail which was tasty.Sat at the bar with Kelley. Had the BEST time. Let her pick the drinks, had a Pisco Sour and my boyfriend had an Old Fashion. Also had the ribs....you MUST try the ribs! Wonderful place and Kelley is the best (and sweetest) bartender in NoLA!The idea of this place is great. Just great! A little hide away place off an alley that you would easily miss. You do walk in and the atmosphere is very cool. It seems to balance elegant and a bit of pretentiousness.  So in terms of atmosphere it wins. My issue here is the price is very high, so maybe it isn't just the atmosphere that can be pretentious.  I wanted to like the rosemary popcorn, but that just didn't work for me.  I have had all of their appetizers and really only the wings stand out. they were messy and flavorful as wings should be. The burger was just okay. I wouldn't get it again. 
But the thing that really let me down here are the drinks. They have a drink menu that looks like it wants to make Bacchus himself come down and try these drinks. Who ever wrote up the drinks are masters. HOWEVER, they are waaaay overprices and I believe missing the key ingredients; Alcohol.  I have been there a few times for after work meetings and I literally have left after having 4 drinks and not felt as "happy" as I wanted to. My wallet was very sad though mind you.  Look , I am no lush, I don't want my drink to be a triple straight up. I want the fancy drinks, hell I order I pink one I don't care. But if I am going to pay top dollar for the alcohol, my liver better know what I am paying for. 
The Good:
The Wings
The atmosphere
The Bad:
What a let down on drinks! Such promise! 
The Ugly:
Prices- hate that if came to that, but look...it just didGreat service and food every time we have been to CellarDoor. Love this place!! You're lucky if you go on a night that the head chef Tommy is there.  If he is ask for whatever the special is.  Also the cocktails are just as legitimate as the original bars they were created in..probably better.Great service, delicious food, and great atmosphere 
A definite visit every time in New Orleans!Went there almost by accident and were very pleased!  Great happy hour cocktails from a really good bartender.  Very knowledgeable about local spirits.This place has suuuch nice style - I love being in there, and the food is so well done and delicious. Definitely a winner.Such a cool place!  The building is beautiful and it has a great New Orleans atmosphere!!  The owner went out of his way to take care of us.  I will definitely go back again.Excellent service from Kelley and John. What a great team! It seemed like they genuinely enjoy their job. Went for Happy Hour (4-6) and loved the drinks and happy hour snacks. I would highly recommend this place.One of my favorites places! First things first, the atmosphere is as New Orleans as you can get. It's set in an old brothel and it's just super cool and speaks tons of life! Service and staff are incredible!! They go above and beyond and will exceed your expectations if you let them. Chef Tommy is the shit and you can tell how much passion he has for CellarDoor in his dishes and by the staff he leads. Cocktails, food and wine are all unique and everything is delicious! They also do events in their bright and pretty event space! My husband and I had our wedding there and everything was....speechless! Everyone was so accommodating and the day and night were perfect. I was and still am told that the food was by far the best food for a wedding!! Make sure you check CellarDoor out for happy hour and stay for dinner!With the exception of a drunken, nonsensical patron spouting conspiracy theories sitting next to us--whom the bartenders handled deftly--our quick visit to this bar was impeccable. We were greeted warmly, our drinks were interesting and made with care and each was well-balanced, and the bartenders enabled us to make a speedy exit to get to our dinner reservation a couple blocks away. I'd love to come back again when we have more time to linger: there were several bottles of unique liquors on the shelves.A.maz.ing.
Seriously, one of my best experiences in NOLA! 
The bartender helped us hand craft a plate for my vegan appetite. 
The cocktails were fantastic, the outdoor seating ( as well as interior ) was amazing, and it was clean and trendy. 
Highly recommended.The number one thing I want to say about CellarDoor is: stop worrying about parking in the CBD! I am amazed how many people comment that they may try it, but they hear parking is a nightmare. It's the CBD with thousands of people working down there all day. At the end of the day, most go home and voila, you have tons of parking. To be sure, there is a lot of construction, but it's still not difficult to find a parking space.
Having said that, I definitely recommend trying CellarDoor. It's in a very cool building with an interesting menu and good drinks. I was very impressed that i went before it even had its grand opening and everything seemed to run very smoothly. You could tell some people were new, but the main people were really on top of everything.
I tried the adobo glazed wings to start. They are deboned wings stuffed with rice with a tasty sauce. Technically, they aren't fully deboned, but just the end bone still there...end bone? Good enough. They are very tasty, but the sauce was almost a little overwhelming, maybe tell them to go easy on the sauce. The ukoy was also recommended to me, but I didn't make the move; sounds very interesting though - shrimp chips? For my main course, I tried the beef brisket burger. The brisket was outstanding; I wasn't a big fan of the roll, almost a po-boy bun. It wasn't bad, but seemed like it could be upgraded. Maybe the best part was the Summer of Sling drink. It had rye, rum, herbsaint and other items. Very tasty. Great summer drink. Prices weren't that bad either - appetizers as low as $6, main dishes under 20. I was a bit concerned as many profiles talked about "upscale." While it is upscale, the prices are reasonable. As far as food (and drinks), I'm going to give CellarDoor a 41 out of 50. Will definitely like to go back after they really settle into a groove.
The atmosphere was very good as well. It has a small bar and a dining area that holds about 15 tables, I would guess. It seemed like it could get a little loud in the dining area, but not bad. the music started with some jazz and about 8 p.m. it shifted towards more funky hipster jazz. Overall, it definitely has a hipster vibe to it. It also has a nice outdoor patio area which has great potential for a happy hour gathering. For atmosphere, I'm giving it a 22 out of 30.
The service was great. I ate at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly and food came out promptly. Some of the drinks are elaborate "mixology" creations, but it really didn't slow things up too much. I was truly amazed by this aspect with it being a brand-new place. I'll give it an 18 out of 20 in service.
Final score = 81 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).BEST WEDDING VENUE, HANDS DOWN! 
My now husband and I decided to have a destination wedding in New Orleans. We absolutely love the city and knew it was perfect place for us to tie the knot. We made a special trip to Nola to find a venue, and the most important thing we wanted to keep I'm mind is to make the wedding as easy and simple as possible. We spent two days trying to find a venue that would make our wedding unique, special, had a traditional new orleans vibe and most important, AMAZING FOOD. It was getting too hard to find a venue because we had to hire a separate caterer and our wedding was getting very expensive. 
We were exhausted and needed a drink. A friend told us Cellardoor had amazing cocktails so we decided to stop searching for a venue and get some dinner. We ended up talking to one of their AMAZING SERVERS for hours, who was one of the servers at our wedding. She told us that Cellardoor hosts weddings! We were instantly IN LOVE!! We met with the owner, Rachel, the next day and put down a deposit. Rachel was hands down the easiest person to work with! She was so accommodating, so creative and she can truly make any occasion special. Im not being biased when I say my wedding was the best! My guest ARE STILL TALKING ABOUT THE FOOD. Their chief is incredible! Their food is inventive, delicious and beautifully displayed.
We couldn't of asked for better people working at the wedding. The staff was incredible, helpful and SO MUCH FUN! 
My husband and I could not have asked for a better wedding. I HIGHLY recommend Cellardoor for any event!! Rachel is a dream to work with, and I'm so thankful for all she did for us. what more can you ask for? Amazing staff, food & cocktails and a breathtaking venue. 
Thank you Rachel and Cellardoor staff for making our wedding a night to remember! We are truly blessed to have stubbled across your doors : )
Love,
Mallory and Travis 
PS THEY HAVE THE BEST COCKTAILS IN ALL NOLAI think that this spot would have made more of an impression on me if I was more of a cocktail person.
We decided to grab a quick bite before heading over to a show. We sat at the bar and got a couple of drinks. We ordered the meat and cheese board to split. It was pretty good, but it didn't really do it for me. I think it was too simple, if that makes sense.
I think if I were to go back I would probably focus more on trying some fancy cocktails, rather than the food. The atmosphere is nice and the staff is friendly. I can see how it would be a cool spot to start the evening.My favorite kind of ambiance for a night out.....dimly lit and cozy!  They also have a great happy hour menu and a patio.  Naturally in New Orleans when we went it was 90 degrees so we opted to sit inside.  We had a few drinks and appetizers.... all good... but on the top of my list is the Oreo beignets with a brandy milk punch...AUH-MA-ZING! Service was good and our waitress even brought our table free shots of tequila... what more could you ask for?  The only thing I recommend is to make reservations.  The first time I tried to go I couldn't even walk in the front door.I truly enjoyed the Cellar Door. They keep tradition alive and take their time with craft cocktails. We gad the original daiquiri which is not the frozen concoction we are all used to. I loved the service, the food and ambience. the noise level was a little to loud for my liking. The ambience was romantic and what you imagine would be in a wine bar. Tall ceiling and curtains on the windows along with dark wooden chairs and tables. It is a beautiful setting. Happy hour used to everyday but it is now M-F 4-7. I wish HH was back to everyday, but I will be back. This place takes their time with their cocktails and they take their time to get the drink rightOne of the best French 75's in the city. This is a unique and intimate little bar and restaurant with a patio. They have a great happy hour with one of the best loaded burgers in the city. Normally it's $18 but during happy hour you get a brew and burger for $15. The waitress was even nice enough to sub a glass of wine for my brew. I love bringing visitors here or just stopping by after work.I was there last Friday night, was excited about the place. Was having a great time talking about how I would love to have a party here. The appetizers and wine we ordered were great. Until I decided to order a round of their specialty cocktails, which was champagne with sugar cubes and lemon zest... Well that's were my mistake was b/c the zest was not a zest  but a  big slab of the white part of the lemon, not the peel, which made the cocktail very sour.  First of all I have had cocktails where there was a zest of the lemon or a small peel of the lemon, but not a big chunk of the white part of the lemon. When I went up to the bar to see if I can borrow something to crush the sugar cube, the bartender was why do you not like the drink and I could have said it nicer but I told him no, the drink is not good and that I need to crush the sugar cube. Than he got all uppity with me. I said whatever and got straws from another bartender. The female customer at the bar said wow, he was rude the first bartender- whom I later found out was a minority owner, b/c he let it be known that he's the owner. Later he came up to me with my paid tab, and said finish your drink get out and never come back to my friends and I, I told him I don't want my money for the cocktails he said finish your drink and leave. I went up to him & asked to talk to him privately & to apologize if I said anything offensive to him, he just shooed me & said get out I told him here's my money that I owe for the drinks keep the money and don't worry will not come back...I will never go back as long as he is one of the owners and trust me neither will my friends that were with me. Posted my experience about CellarDoor on Face Book and some of my friends had similar issues with customer service. And reading the reviews seems like majority of the people have the same issues, BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!!Amazing bar with amazing service by Scott! Makes you feel like you're away from New Rowan's. Only came for drinks , but will be back to experience the food.We stopped in for appetizers and a drink on our way to a concert. We ordered the Grilled Kale Salad and the Seafood Salad from the starters menu. They were both superb. The drinks were affordable and my wine (Tempranillo) was excellent. A quaint environment with great food. (Noise level very high once packed).Decided to try this hidden gem out after seeing reviews on Yelp. I have never heard of this place and would have never found it. The atmosphere is very cool and laid back. It looks like an old house with a lovely courtyard in the back. We had the truffle popcorn and hummus for appetizers. They were both good. My husband had the burger which he said was ok. My only complaint was the menu was very limited. Great happy hour prices on signature cocktails. I had the vodka cobbler. Friendly service.BLUF:  Cool/hip/fancy/uptight atmosphere.  Good cocktails and good food.  I'd go back but I don't have to.
Went hear late on a Saturday around 10pm.  Plenty of tables for me and my wife.  We both got sazeracs.  It was a little sweeter than I like but it was definitely good.  They do have a large menu of cocktails, lots of liquors and wines but a mediocre beer selection.  
Then for food I got the burger and wifey got the octopus.  
The burger was really good and cooked exactly as I asked; medium rare.  The cheese ($2 extra) was mild and didnt add much to the burger but still good.  There is the option for bacon jelly for an additional $2 but I didnt get it.  $18 is enough for a burger.
The octopus was super interesting and good. No guessing what you are eating, the tentacles were large.  It came with curried potatoes and pickled onions.  It was very good.  Definitely not enough for a meal and it is expensive but a cool snack and fun to share.  
The place is very hip and dark and full of young professionals on the prowl.  Seemed like a good date place.  Very cool atmosphere; however, the music choice was very weird.  Bluegrass to zeplin to Seal to googoo dolls.  Seemed like it should have been just blues or jazz.  oh well, no big deal.
Very cool place and I would go again but it wasnt awesome enough to draw me back consistently.The location is incredible, the cocktails are delicious- the service could be greatly improved.Worst game day mimosa in town.  Give you half a glass with a splash of OJ for $8.  Horrible.- Drinks are well made but a little too pricey.
- sweet poutine: group agrees that this was incredible! Order at least two for a group
- Brussel sprouts: good, but nothing to write home about
-service: currently very slow. Been open two weeks
-atmosphere: low lit, easy going, cool
- squid ink: can't tell if they should be a hot or cold dish because they were served luke warm. Nothing to write home about.
- burgers: "it's alright" "not Company Burger" "I prefer five guys". Statements from the group. 7/8 ate the burger.
- octopus: it's good. Not large enough. Small plate disguised as a dinner.
- chicken wings: great dish
- plantain chips: enjoyed them but the group seems to be indifferent
We came with a group of 8 people.Hi, So I decided to check this place out at the suggestion of several friends who work in the area. I really enjoyed my cocktails, although I have had similar for cheaper in New Orleans.  I think if you are gonna come here and drink you better come during happy hour, otherwise too pricey. Then came the food, or lack thereof. I would not come here for the food, portions for what you pay are small, and quality and taste were lacking. Anything fried just tasted like burnt oil, maybe the cook was off the night I went. Come here for drinks only and during happy hour, otherwise spend your hard earned money at the many other New Orleans establishments.Disappointed. The website said opens for 10 for Sunday brunch. Well they said it does not open until 1030. Then the brunch menu from the website was not served and the menu they did serve was 8-10 dollars more expensive than we expected. But we continued on with the brunch and got the chicken and biscuits. The chicken was raw and we had to send it back! The other food was really good and we enjoyed it but overall experience was not worth the price.Love this place. This was the second time I have come here. More of a local joint and close to the CBD area.  I like the history behind it, the exposed brick, vibe and awesome patio.  The drinks are unique and the food too. I had the creole Nachos and don't think its your typical nachos.It had pork belly, cracklins, okra corn, beans, etc.  No Nacho chips! It was delicious. I will come here again when I visit NOLA. Glad I was introduced to this place the first time.I loved the shrimp and okra gumbo.  Extensive cocktail menu for happy hour.  We had both desserts, the strawberry short cake and Oreo beignets, and they were delicious. The service was excellent.The lunch menu is so limited (I think a total of 3-4 options) that it was difficult for anyone to decide on what to order - the burger, oxtail pot pie or shrimp toast, which two of three of us who ordered took one bite and found it to be just downright bad.   We were the only table there at lunch; one other group came in and sat down but looked at the menu and left. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the atmosphere was niceStewie and Kellie really made my Friday night! My gimlet was perfect and so was the conversation! Totes coming back!First off this place is gorgeous. Great job on design and lighting. The food is fantastic. Best chicken wings ever.  Octopus was amazing and I have no idea how they got it so tender. The craft drinks we had were great. Really nice staff. I would go back any time!We never would've found this on our own, but some friends stumbled upon it.  We are so glad they did!  The drinks were unbelievably spectacular. The food, though, was beyond that!  My crackling-crusted soft shell crab was possibly the most awesome thing I've ever eaten. Everyone in our group of 7 raved about their food from the Creole Nachos to the Burger to the ribs with street corn!  I will return on my next trip to NOLA!  Kudos to the chef!Stopped by to try some food in the new hood. Had the burger and the soft shell crab salad. Drinks are great and service was wonderful. Cool kind of creepy old house vibe.  My husbands burger was great and filling - he did say that they skimp on the tots, mainly because the dipping sauce is addictive!!!We stopped in to Cellar Door to have a bite to eat and a few drinks before a concert at the superdome. The happy hour specials are pretty reasonable.  I loved the green light cocktail, so refreshing.  The seating filled up really quickly, so I would recommend arriving a little early.  The food was okay.  The service was a little slow.  It wouldn't hurt to add a few more waiters.  I would go back for the cocktails alone.This was my first visit (likely the only one as I'm in from CA) and I cannot recommend the 
PULPO A LA PLANCHA [octopus, root puree, caper relish] enough. For those of you accustomed to sushi, put it out of your head, the octopus is grilled and more tender than you can imagine an octopus to be. The root purée presents as a savory cream sauce, and the caper relish looks to be a sautéed caper and onion affair. So f'ing good! Washed it down with a local blonde ale from #nolabrewingco.
The atmosphere is super chill on Sunday evening, certainly not #cellardoor busy time; but if you appreciate an opportunity to talk to your bartender and maybe get their suggestions (thank you, Tess), do it.Sigh - living in the neighborhood I really wanted to love this place...I truly did: yet, every time I've stopped in the service has been average at best. The cocktails have always been satisfying so for that reason I think it's deserving of at least 3 stars.
I'll give one example; but believe me I have several. So one afternoon; unbeknownst to my gf and I - we entered the bar ~15-20 mins before they opened. The door was unlocked so we walked in. Upon entering; several people behind the bar made eye contact with us & did not utter a word. So we proceed to make our way to a table.  Finally - upon pulling a chair out & sitting down...someone acknowledged us & it was ONLY to tell us they weren't open yet. Umm...thanks for the hospitality guys - would've been lovely if you let us know that when you saw us walk through the door. In my opinion; there are way more consistent & friendlier bars in the neighborhood.Not bad for nice drinks, but it didn't seem like they had many good happy hour deals on drinks,  which was a little disappointing.  And their kitchen closes before the bar (some source online told us it was open late for food,  which got our hopes up unfairly)Good location, cozy venue, good drinks, great service and a fantastic happy hour.
Their happy hour runs from 4-7 pm with both drink and food specials! It is an old, clean, cozy venue. They have seating outdoor as well if you choose to do so with a small courtyard.
Normally their cocktails are $12, and beers start around $5 and go up. The specialty cocktail I ordered (Rosemary's Baby) was refreshing.
Service was great. They gave me an extra beer that they accidentally poured. And they gave us popcorn even after the kitchen was closed because we told them how hungry we were.Ambiance was awesome, service was fantastic, especially for one server running the whole restaurant. I had the beef cheeks, very flavorful with a nice slow heat. The lady had the jerk shrimp which were cooked perfectly, and the coconut sticky rice was a really nice compliment. Great date spot. Doooo it!!Great spot with awesome cocktails and good. Used to be a brothel. Friendly servers, great decor. You can sit on some plush couches and chat with friends while enjoying a mealThe coolest thing about this place is the place itself. Such a wonderful building with tons of nooks and crannies and character in droves. It's artistic without being pretentious. Everyone can feel comfortable and hip. The drink menu is solid, with a combination of classic cocktails and some exciting new concoctions. I had two of the new drinks-one mezcal one bourbon. They were both pretty good. I also had the pork belly and brussel sprout small dish. As single bites, the sprouts were not quite charred enough for my taste and the pork belly wasn't seared quite hard enough, but eaten together, in one bite, the whole thing really worked. I enjoyed my time here, and would come back, for sure.We hosted a private event for 200 people, and this was a great venue. Rachel was so easy to work with and accommodating to our many requests. The building has a ton of charm and has a couple different rooms to choose from. Definitely recommend for events!Very cool place to grab cocktails, we didn't get to try the food yet (menu looks amazing though) but the bartender Mike really spent his time making our drinks and was extremely knowledgable and very friendly.  The atmosphere was very unique compared to other places like this in New Orleans, will def be back!This place was awesome!  Wonderful ambience, a true New Orleans gem.   The service was outstanding.  The friendly owner Greg was so kind and accommodating to us.  We only went for drinks, but the menu looks amazing and I can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner.  I would recommend this place to other locals, and I'd definitely bring out-of-town friends here - this is the kind place you'll only find in NOLA!The cocktail was delicious, the atmosphere was fine, and the food was pretty tasty. But the service was atrocious! Individually, these issues seem minor, but all together they really ruined our dinner. We weren't greeted at the door, we were brought the wrong drinks and then had to go ask the bartender for a beer glass, when we got our appetizer (edamame hummus) we had to wait 10 minutes for silverware, it took over an hour for our entrees, and there wasn't an excuse or apology anywhere. Maybe they were short staffed but they should at least acknowledge the situation of that's the case.Very nice, hip kind of place to have wine.  In tried the burger and fries, it was good, the burger was very juicy.  The place is kind of small, we with the courtyard, it fills up fast.I came here randomly one night and absolutely fell in love with it. The atmosphere is really cool feel like you're going back in time. The bar staff and manager were very accommodating on what drink I should pick and appetizers to order. Everything was so good I will be back.Great cool restaurant and bar. Friendly staff and excellent service! The menu offers great specials and the chef comes out to greet patrons!Love this place for happy hour. Great vibe and atmosphere. Sat at the bar a couple of times and had great conversation with the bartender on cocktails.  Drinks listed in chronological order and I love a wine list that has wines I've never tried. Scallop dish was very good!!This review is only for their special brunch pre-game event.
My friend recommended a charity event Cellardoor put on for Sunday morning before the Saints game. The admission price included food and an open bar for a few hours in their upstairs space. The space was a good size and had a small balcony with some tables to enjoy the nice weather. The open bar was nice but limited to a pre-set menu. Unfortunately, they ran out of items throughout the event which further limited our options. I was a bit surprised they ran out of champagne when mimosas are on the menu... but you just roll with it. The drinks themselves were good. The food they provided was also very delicious. They prepared it as a buffet style with salad, gumbo and rice and chicken and biscuits to start. Later on they added a few different side options but kept the entrees the same. Thankfully they were good about restocking the food so our group didn't go hungry. 
Overall, their pre-game Sunday brunch event was a hit! Definitely worth checking out if you're a saints fan and looking for a good deal. But I would recommend getting there early because seating space was limited.What a great hidden cocktail bar! It's tucked away from the main touristy area but still a close enough walk from all the hotels on Poydras. Wonderful cocktail menu with everything fresh and delicious. A few nice areas to sit and talk as well as a small outside courtyard with some lanterns to enjoy your drinks.I have been traveling to NO monthly for 15 years and this is one of my favorite little NOLA gems.  Cellar Door feels traditional and new modern all at the same time.  The atmosphere is quaint and cozy with a most delightful courtyard.  They have perfectly crafted cocktails and I have never been disappointed by the food.  I still think about that crispy tofu appetizer I had a few months back.  I honestly never thought I would say that about tofu.  I always recommend Cellar Door to family and friends traveling to NOLA.The food lacked a little umph but the cocktail i had was superb. 
Poke- lacking a little spice and salt a little bland but the seaweed and bit of tartness were what made it satisfying. 
Octopus- came a little cold but the flavors were brilliant. 
Old fashioned- i love rum but the creaminess that the banana liqueur gave it along with the finishing spice from the Jamaican bitters tied everything together.just tried the drinks and one appetizer here so far. very good
love the atmosphere
checked the menu out, really want to come back. has a lot of filipino influence and found out the chef is filipino. if you like to try different things try the shrimp okay 
cracklings were yummmm.This is a beautiful building, on the exterior and interior, that beckons you to investigate it with an elegant and understated small sign framed by dancing gas lights which tempt you to investigate this slightly mysterious establishment.  Unfortunately once you enter you discover that they have marred the interior with artwork that doesn't really fit the New Orleans soul of the building (the art is mainly drawn from "contemporary British artists" who have no connection to New Orleans).  Further disappointment is found in that the focus on everything here is small and limited.   
CellarDoor has an exceptionally small menu with very limited offerings of both food and drink.  Their website describes that, "CellarDoor is best described by its creators as a conceptual work of art.  Conceptual art, also referred to as 'idea art,' is based on the notion that the idea is more important than the end result." I must heartily disagree as results are ALL that matter in the real world and only offering 6 beers (one of them non-alcoholic), 4 white wines, 4 red wines etc. is not a good result.  The food menu is also very small and the choices are best described as... "interesting" but not always in a good way.  New Orleans is a city of excess and severely limiting my choices with inadequate service does not bring me bliss or create a good end result for my bar or restaurant experience.  
Overall this is yet another attempt at a gastropub, or as CellarDoor describes it "gastro-lounge," and for the most part I've not been a fan of of this new trend in establishments offering small menus of food and drink along with inflated prices and pretentious snack food. This will be a place for those that need their fancy craft cocktails to sip while they eat a tiny snack but it just isn't the type of establishment that I enjoy.  The building is a five star while the food, drink, service and artwork hover around a 1 or 2 for me.  The only New Orleans thing about this place is the building and once you get past that the rest could be anywhere else in the world as it seems to have no connection to New Orleans other than the stage upon which the rest is set.
For those that are fans of places such as Bellocq, Bouligny Tavern and Cure this will definitely be your type of environment.
I do like the building and location so I hope they get out of their initial opening unrealistic dreamland and wake up back to the reality that their results are all we can judge them by.I'm still a fan of the CellarDoor, but the service could use some work.  I've been here three or so times now, each during a different night, and every time we've had issues with the service.  Last night was by far the worst - I get that it was after White Linen Night and it was really busy but we had to ask someone for everything. We asked for menus, for our waitress, to order, then to check on our order, and for our check. She only came by once and asked us if we needed anything.  
Again, it was really busy, and I only remember seeing two or three people working there - so maybe they need some additional servers. Overall, I still like going there and will continue to go, but I will definitely be giving myself some extra time since it can take so long.Great bar in a great building in a great neighborhood. This is truly a hole in the wall as you can easily miss it if you don't pay attention to your surroundings. However, the bar is located in the business district, so you won't have to worry about the drama that happens in the French quarters. The happy hour is good for a bar located in the area it's in: $5 off classic cocktails, 1/2 off all wine bottles on Wednesdays, among other specials. 
The food was great as well. I had an order of brussels sprouts and chicken wings during happy hour. The brussels sprouts were well cooked and seasoned, and the wings were very crispy and was glazed with a honey type of sauce. Reasonable price for the location and quality.
Ambience-wise, the place is great. If you need fresh air there's a great outdoor patio in the back. And, if you get too cold or hot you can just go into the bar which is dimmed light and has a very classic touch to it.Awesome service, atmosphere, drinks and food.  Had a blast!!!  I am going to come here every time I am in New Orleans.Five stars for ambiance, cocktails, and potential. Four stars for execution at this early date. 
As of the date and time of this review, CellarDoor has been officially open for exactly two days. Considering that fact, the previous reviewer seems too eager to base an evaluation on peculiar personal tastes and cling to inappropriate expectations. A more reasonable customer might agree with the following reply:
1) The building's interior and exterior are undoubtedly beautiful, intriguing, and seductive. 
2) The displayed art reflects the tastes and designs of proprietors and, I'm sure, many others. Most would probably consider it a tasteful juxtaposition. I think it adds complexity and dimension to the space which is not intended to be a period museum or the set of a movie depicting the 19th century. To criticize a bar/restaurant because its art isn't "New Orleans" enough or compliant with the tastes of a particular individual is myopic or, if you prefer, silly. Isn't the point of art to make you think, imagine, and experience the world anew? 
3) The kitchen provides a sampling of delicious small plates and other gourmet snacks perfectly in keeping with the scale and style of the operation. Likewise, the wine and beer selection fits the mold. This isn't a wine bar or beer garden, it's a gastrolounge!
4) The cocktail menu provides a selection of delicious drinks covering the spectrum of craft cocktail genres. The classic choices are faithfully and excellently made, and the modern concoctions are exquisite and may become your new favorites. In particular, try the Drink of Laughter and Forgetting. Furthermore, with a bar stocked with quality and fresh ingredients and a top-notch bartender, you can have anything you want. 
If you're thinking like the previous reviewer, go somewhere that better suits your narrow fancy. If you try this place out anyway, for God's sake, please don't sit next to me.
If you like the idea of a historical, sexily intriguing environment in which to taste, imbibe, and luxuriate, look no further.