Where do I start. This is the VERY BEST BBQ I have EVER HAD. Had the two meat platter (Chicken and Brisket Burnt Ends). The meat was amazing . And the sides (beans and Fresh Cut Fries) were amazing as well. 
As my friend said "the bar has been set so very high now". Will come back every time I'm in town.Ok food but service experience ruined my 1st and last experience. Bartender ignored me for almost 10 minutes at an empty bar and decided to socialize instead of serve. I had to get a cook to help me. Another bartender took care of me and did a great job. Just turned off. Too many eateries in NOLA for this to be worth the dine.Best BBQ I have ever had! This place deserves be to world known. PitMaster Rob is the KING when it comes to BBQ. Burnt ends are the way to go!!!I ate here yesterday with my best friend and his wife and this review summaries our views. To caveat my review, I have lived in both Texas and Kansas City, so I've ate incredible barbecue; however, this review is not biased or shaped from this lens. 
Short answer while the service is great and the atmosphere is unparalleled, the food ultimately underwhelms and very much disappoints. In my humble opinion, Saucys has far better Ribs, Pulled Pork and Chicken. The Joint has better Brisket and sides. Your better off spending your money at either location as the quality of the food is superior and both places are definitely lighter on your wallet. 
I had the 3 meat combination plate consisting of pulled pork, brisket, and chicken. And because this wasn't enough meat , I had a single rib on the side. My sides were the corn bread and French fries (plate came with 2 sides). The chicken was very dry and nearly impossible to discern any smoked or barbecue flavor. The rib was also dry and not nearly as moist or as flavorful as Saucys ribs. Pulled pork suffered likewise; dry, and lacking in taste and flavor. If not for the better than average barbecue sauces, I'm not sure I would have finished my meal. The brisket while much better than the other meats was average and not memorable, but in my opinion, your best option when ordering meat a la carte. The sides were very good, but unfortunately not enough of a reason to substantiate a visit onto its self. 
While our local esteemed food critic has heralded CC's Barbecue arrival as some sort of a game changer for Nola's barbecue scene, I would submit to you that your wallet and stomach will walk from Saucys and The Joint far more content than spending your dollars at Central City Barbecue. While I welcome their presence and do believe the restaurant's opening and location is having a great impact on the Central City vicinity, the food has a long way to go to match its hype.If you go to CCBBQ, gotta get the Burt Ends. Only place in the city that does them. Great staff and friendly service help this sneaky big smokehouse. They have plenty of indoor seating, as well as an abundance of outdoor seating with plenty of room for the kids to run around. 
Their staff was nice enough to explain some techniques, show the two different smoking rooms, and explain their story. 
Their meat is very good, and you will get a traditional BBQ experience (combo meat platters, meat by the pound, good sides, and all served on a metal tray with parchment paper).Good barbecue. Love the crispy brussel sprouts.I ate at the new Pythian market location in the CBD. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with macaroni and cheese. The sandwich and side were both large  for $11.00- very satisfied with the price, portion, and quality. 
There are very few barbecue options in the CBD, so it's nice to have some good barbecue within walking distance to many downtown workplaces. 
The service was high quality. Friendly servers in a cool, communal setting.  I recommend giving this place a try.Went the 2nd day around 1230,waited in line for 30 minutes,then were told they were sold out.The hag behind the register said come back tomorrow at 9 and wait in line.Really..
As a 20 yr Restaurant veteran I will not be coming back.I know they wanna be Franklin but you gotta be great for years to get that type of press.Too arrogant for my taste.Cool new space to enjoy some top tier BBQ!  I had the brisket on a sandwich was super tender and moist; wife had the pork BBQ stuffed king cake , novel idea, great pork and at first tasted great but the icing was a little too sweet after a few bites.
Oh the sides are awesome, bak d beans had a smoky flavor; very unique very good.
Huge full bar too with decent draft selectionI'm disappointed in this place. I had high hopes. We ordered a three meat plate. Portions were scarce. The brisket had decent flavor but it amount to two small slices. The pulled pork was not good- dry and bland as was the boudin. The "spicy" bbq sauce was like drinking  straight vinegar and the sweet sauce was comparable to KC Masterpiece. Potato salad had very little flavor at all. The beans were spicy and that's about it. Again- no flavor. The portions are just not in line with the price. We might try it again but I doubt it.Chef Rob listens! You can get burnt ends as a platter option!!! Yay!!! Love this place!!Good spreads of BBQ and country sides here. Brisket was tender, smoky and not too fatty.  Friendly folks working here.  Definitely worth a visit.We were very excited to see try this BBQ place in our neighborhood. We had heard good things about the owners and the chef. Tonight was our first and likely last visit. The ambience was ok. The chairs were uncomfortable, but the place was airy and smelled great. I ordered the triple meat combo, with pork, burnt end brisket, and boudin. The pork and the boudin were tasty, but nothing special. The burnt brisket ends were almost too fatty to eat. The greens were ok. The corn mache choux was delicious. My husband ordered the "half chicken." Turns out fractions are not their strong suit. He got a wing and half a small breast. He complained, and the very nice hostess brought him a thigh and a drumstick. It tasted good, but, overall, save your money. Voodoo is right up the road.We've been here a few times since they opened. We've never had an issue until today. If it wasn't for today's experience I would've easily given them a 4 star. 
   I ordered burnt ends and what I received was far from what I've had in the past or what I expect when I order burnt ends. All it was was cubes of over cooked brisket, nothing close to what a burnt end is supposed to be.By far the best BBQ in the city. Any place with burnt ends by the pound has my heart. And amazing they are. Everything rocks here. And there's often the rare porchetta appearance. Can't wait for summer and the outside parties. Thank you Chef Rob!I originally went around a month after this place opened and had an experience I never wanted to replicate: they were out of almost all of their meats and our food took an hour to get to the table.
Then I tried it again this week and I wonder how a place could be so different.
To start: shocker, they had all of the meats on hand. Then, we actually got our food in less than 10 minutes. The most important part is that the food was friggin amazing. Brisket and sausage, burnt ends, ribs -- all so amazing. The spoonbread and chili (MOAR BRISKET) are out of this world. 
I obviously knew that a chef replacement had happened, but I had no idea how much that change turned a huge failure into a big hit.The pork belly burnt ends aka "cowboy candy" is phenomenal and so is the boudin.  The owner is very friendly as well.Solid BBQ. We got the sampler and three of us split it. (we all have large appetites). pickles, spoon bread were my favorite sides. All the meat had great flavor and was juicy.Came for Culinary Fight Club event- their food was actually pretty good but the service- not so much. Also paid $40 for a ticket to this event happily, it comes with a free hour of beer that was cut short by 20 minutes bc they ran out of Nola Blonde?!? Pretty dumb decision on part of manager- this event brought in at least 100 people, most people- myself included- ordered food from bar because competition food will not be ready for a few hours- yet couldn't spot 20 minutes of beer to fulfill the hour. Will not be back bc of principle of matter.The best BBQ in NOLA hands down. The brisket is the best I've ever had. You must the brisket chili and the sweet corn pudding together as sides. This will be one of my regular places to eat from now on.I was really excited to try this place after reading all the reviews but was incredibly disappointed. I got the combo plate with brisket and sausage and fries and beans for the sides. All of the meat was very dry and hard, the taste was ok, but the dryness really ruined it. The fries were very good though and the beans were pretty tasty as well. The sauces that came with it were pretty good though and really the only thing that redeemed the meat at all.Great place to have bbq food!! We didn't want left overs so we shared a 3 meat combo, 3 ribs on the side  and added 2 sides for 3 of us. There was not much food left after we ate. $50 after a tip!! Great deal and you get to pick whatever kind of meat you want! You can also go back and look at the pit.Nice spot in central city.. 
Bbq was very fresh and filling.  Indoor and outdoor setting was cool and unique. Clean facility with great staff and service.
Ribs were tender and flavored. I really like how they have a happy hour with single wings that you can purchase and sample the flavors they have to offer.
Spicy sauce is the best.Call me crazy but I personally think CC beats out all of the other BBQ places in the city. I am a BBQ fiend so I've tried the majority of the spots and this place reigns at the top. Not only do I love the building, but I love the food even more. You gotta try the smoked chicken wings on the appetizers. Delicious! The ribs literally fall off the bone, the brisket is great as well as the burnt ends, and the sausage that I've tried has been great as well. They have several options for sauces available so pick to your liking. Sweet, spicy,smoky, you name it. The sides!! Rarely do u find at a BBQ place that the sides are equally as good as the meat. This is definitely the case here. They've got it nailed! That spoon cornbread is lucky if it doesn't get devoured within seconds of eating it, the beans are by far my favorite and the macaroni is pretty good if I do say so myself. I have yet to try the desserts but they sound delicious and also I just found out on my last visit they have a happy hour with 50 cent wings if I remember correctly and drink specials so I will be back for that!This place is legit. Great portion size. Tender meats that are tasty. We were a pretty large group. We had the chicken, ribs, chicken wings, brisket, mac and cheese, side salad. The chicken wings as an appetizer we ordered naked. There are different bbq sauces on the table for ur pleasure. The wings have a crispy skin and juicy inside. The ribs were fall off the bone tender and the flavor was on point. If I come back to this city I'll definitely come back here.OMG! This is my favorite spot. The BBQ is so awesome. Arrive early before it's all sold out. I've tried quite a few things on the menu. The chicken is so juicy and tasty. I've also been to the 50 cent wing happy hour. You can't beat 50 cent wings and $5 drinks. My mouth is watering as I'm typing. I can't wait until Friday to indulge in the wings again. Ooooohhh please try the housemade pickles! You will not be disappointed at Central City BBQ! THEBOMBDOTCOMI'm having mixed feelings about the food. It wasn't the best nor was it the worst BBQ I've had. I ended up trying the 3 meat plate: ribs, brisket (sliced), and burnt ends. Two side choices were potato salad and the sweet corn spoonbread. The ribs were good; they were tender and juicy. Had the right amount of flavor to it. Brisket was dry which was disappointing to me. I love a fatty brisket and it just wasn't there, not sure if you're supposed to request that but I've been to places that have asked. The burnt ends, some places were really nicely cooked and some were just over done. The sauce choices were: sweet, spicy, vinegar, and the nola bama white sauce! I enjoyed the spicy the most. Others were just okay. Now I LOVED the spoonbread as a side. The potato salad lacked flavor, but it wasn't horrible. I tried a bite of mac and cheese and it didn't wow me. Overall, I'd probably come back to give it another go! They have specials I believe everyday too and happy hour from 3-6!Had an acceptable experience here. I'm not sure the prices correspond with quality, though, especially with the sides and bar offerings.
I had a pulled pork sandwich with the hot sauce and a side of bacon macaroni. The sandwich and sauce was enjoyable, but the macaroni was substandard (cold, bland bacon). And $10 for a shot of mid-range bourbon (Bulleit)...
At the very least, there are outside tables for dog owners, and there's parking lot by the restaurant.  Just feel like there's a value/quality disparity right now.I have been to the three top-rated BBQ spots in New Orleans (not a town nor state known for BBQ) and I have to say this was by far the best I've had in Nola. The fatty brisket was absolutely perfect, the lean brisket was a just a touch dry (but I'm a tough judge and a bit of a perfectionist with BBQ) but still had a great flavor to it. The ribs were ever so slightly overcooked but delicious. The Mac & cheese was fairly ordinary but the spoonbread was fantastic. I found the sweet sauce to be a little overpowering but the "spicy" was a great complement to the brisket and I didn't find it to be spicy at all. The only real complaint I have is that they only sell burnt ends by the pound so I didn't get to try them. This is a BBQ joint that could hold its own among the top 50 in Texas, and that's about the highest compliment I can payI just ate my leftover ribs for breakfast! Not that y'all need another glowing yelp review but my goodness everything was amazing! Thanks for being open on Memorial Day!Yummy food and the guy that took our order was amazing.
If I wasn't married I would have stayed there with him!!First time trying this place great food. We had the 3 meat platter. Ribs, brisket and chicken. The bread pudding was aumthentic and you could taste how old school home cooking is. 
Make sure to speak to Stan he is very knowledgeable about the city and you can learn a lot from the stories. We will definitely be back for the food and company.So, three Kansas City natives finally do New Orleans barbeque. And, no, we didn't go in with burnt-end-size chips on our shoulders, either; New Orleans is too good a food town for that.
That being said, burnt ends (we invented 'em) are the standard I judge barbeque by, so that's how I put Central City to the test. On an scale of one to LC's (Kansas Citians get it), I'd give 'em an 8: very tender and juicy, smoky, nice crust; some had a little excessive fat layer, but overall very enjoyable! The slaw was...slaw. But unlike another reviewer, I loved the spoon bread! It wasn't dry at all, and had all kinda wonderful flavors. 
The decor is sort of rustic industrial, and they have lots of space. You order food at the counter in the back and your drink at the big bar in the middle. Everyone we encountered exuded the same warmth and grace we find all over the city, especially the manager, who came over to check on us and spent the next 20 minutes discussing barbeque, music, and the best place to see Zulu to get a coconut (it's not his fault we opted for Indians at the Backstreet instead).
I entered their raffle for a smoker that night. The drawing's in March, and I sure hope I win so I can rent a truck and come back down there to pick it up!Gotta say highly dissapointed.  Over an hour wait for food.  And not even an offer to pick up a round of drinks for us as an apology.  This place needs a ton of help service and manager wise.  All we got was a half hearted apology. I know it's their second day open but you could at least have decent service and personalities.It's going to be hard to find great BBQ in Louisiana. This was average. The sauces were great! Smoked wings were pretty good. I'd go back again if I were craving BBQ and I was nearby, but I'll stick to The Joint.First time here. Great customer service. Great food! I am a picky eater. I went with friends who wanted to come here, and of course I loved it.Great people and service with free street parking.
Couldn't resist ordering the Cowboy Candy plate with corn spoonbread as my side. The Cowboy Candy is basically sauced/candied smoked pork belly ends. Name is a good description. Really just delicious. The spoonbread is kind of a mushy cornbread and was sweet and very good on its own. Serving size is good for an average appetite like mine, but bigger eaters will have to order more.
Fountain drinks included regular and strawberry lemonade in addtion to iced tea and sodas.Best bbq in the city and it's not close. Best sausage I've ever eaten and the bacon mac and spoon bread are amazing. Staff is super friendly and the service is great. Everything on the menu is pretty awesome, never had a meal here that wasn't excellent.I'm glad to see that there are more barbecue places opening in Nola. My boyfriend and I came here with two of our friends. We shared the sampler platter which was enough to feed the four of us (although I would suggest rounding it out with an extra order of ribs for the extra hungry). Love the fact that there's a large adjacent parking lot and plenty of seating. I can't wait to come back.I really wanted to love this place but it was a super disappointing visit for me. Right off the bat we were told there was no brisket and no ribs... didn't leave us many options there. It's a Friday at 7 and you don't have your two main menu items. So we piece together an order and try to get over it. Then we sit at the bar to order drinks. There I witnessed a truly clueless bar staff who did not know any of the drink specials even though they were printed right in front of them and struggled to tell me anything about their draft beers. Still we eagerly await our meal. I will say the wings were outstanding. The portions were smaller than expected for the price and the meal was meh especially given we weren't allowed many options. After we finished it took probably twenty minutes to get anyone's attention at the bar to close out. While the two bartenders drowned in a not very full bar I'm pretty sure the managers just sat back to watch them struggle. So while they have all the shiny, hip furnishings on the outside they seem to be kind of a disaster on the inside.Mediocre BBQ in The City
After hearing so many advertising over the radio about this place and their famous burnt ends BBQ, I decode to go and try what all the hype was about. I ordered the burnt ends plate and with side orders of beans and baked mac. The sides were just ordinary and the burnt ends were good but seriously lacking in the wood smoke flavor of any meat that's smoked. There are many other BBQ places in the city that do a better job in my opinion.I came here today with my boss fro lunch..  We ordered a combo plate.  The brisket and pork with bacon mac and cheese and the corn breading.  Everything was great.  The meats could have been warm...The brisket was the best I had ever had.   The bbq sauce sweet was on point!  Great for lunch in and out and quick.  It is clean and to end the meal my brownie was moist and there was a secret ingredient...we couldn't figure it out...nutmeg, cinnamon...something...delicious.  I also wish you had Brussels sprouts as a side or side salad or veggies...That would be a great compliment instead of the heavier sides ya'll offer.  Looking forward to going back!!!Fantastic that Chef Rob has returned from his hiatus after the sad closing of NOLA Smokehouse.  This new location in partnership with Chef Burgau has taken all the great things about NOLA Smokehouse and upgraded it substantially to add all the elements that were missing and then some.  This new facility is HUUUUUGE.  They have a full bar with a full time bartender and quite a few other staff members to keep the process moving.  Currently the front part of the building is complete while they continue to work on the back which looks even larger along with another HUUUUGE patio space they also look to be continuing to develop.  They also have added fresh brewed iced tea much to my pleasure and delight.  
This place certainly looks to be developing into the top BBQ experience in NOLA.  They have been selling out pretty fast since they opened so that would be my only complaint (other than the minor one of that I would prefer my bread to be toasted or to have a toaster to toast my own bread) and that they don't seem to get into dinner time much so lunch is your main time to experience it right now BUT they do have some HUUUUUGE smokers so they appear to have the capacity to expand once they get up to full speed to drastically increase their meat output.  I haven't been this excited in quite a long time and this is HUUUUGE!!!
I am starting to get pretty grumpy over not ever being able to get burnt ends after many attempts. My visit today I arrive all bright and early only to be informed burnt ends are only available with some $50 sampler platter!  That is bad BBQ etiquette as if they got em I should be able to order them as the long standing rule is first come first serve!  To add insult to injury I got sliced brisket since they refused to serve me burnt ends but I got a substantially smaller portion than on past visits.  I never had such problems at the old location so WTF...  I guess I have to start calling ahead or some other irritating worthless waste of my mojo.Went here for Crawfish Festival, Crawfish not really my thing, too much work for little bit of meat but was excellent.Most important was the MUSIC, was AWESOME!! People there could not have been more hospitable plus raised $$$ for Shorty Foundation and Anders Osborne.. GREAT day of food, drink, MUSIC!! Hope they do next year!!What is there to say; best BBQ in NOLA hands down!  Same great BBQ as NOLA Smokehouse but in a cool restaurant/bar space.What are these people smoking? Way too expensive for what we got. Got me pissed, actually. Enough to sign up on Yelp. I treated a new employee to lunch at this place and we were still so hungry after dropping $43 for 2 measly plates+cokes+tax/tip that we would've picked up something else on the way back to the office if we weren't already late due to the sloooowww line and the ridiculous wait for what is (let's be honest here) precooked food. The meat had hardly any smoke flavor and it was so dry that I had to dump sauce all over my "fatty" brisket just so it wouldn't catch in my throat on the way down.
EDIT: A big Thank You! to Rob B. for your heartfelt personal compliments on my review. Obviously you're a real man of taste and discrimination.EXPENSIVE !
May be worth it.
I am from SW LA, Wife is from South Texas.  We KNOW the best BBQ.  Brother-in-law is  40 year professional BBQ cook at a very famous Texas BBQ Palace.
Ate at Central City last night.  "Burnt ends" were perfect.  Pork ribs were excellent.  Seasonings, degree of "cookedness", flavor, texture of both spot-on.  Ends were crunchy on one side, moist & juicy in center.
"Spoonbread" & slaw were A-OK.  Bacon "mac & cheese" nice.  The amounts were just about right.
Place is large, roomy, clean. BUT, super loud hard rock noise was very out of place in daylight in a South LA BBQ eatery.  
Coors $4/longneck; pricey.  
Condiments are a mix of Texas & Louisiana items, not bad.  Plenty parking off and on streets.
Sauces clearly labeled, adequate.  Two one-meat plates, one beer, one tea = $55 + tip.
Expensive but convenient, and the best BBQ meats, by far, we have found during our recent 9 years in N.O.  (My fourth time living here since 1963.)  I do miss BBQ BEEF ribs, though !
Noticed several groups of young adults came in, sat down, checked menu, got up, and left.
If they turn the noise down and put some more appropriate music on, we'll be back !  Actually, this would be a great "Happy Hour" place, were it not for that "music".
Why do so many of these owners feel that they must ruin an otherwise good experience with that damned extra loud "hard rock" "music" ?  Why doesn't a Southern BBQ place merit some Zydeco, C&W, Jimmy Buffet, Hank, Irma Thomas, N.O. Dixieland, Jazz; 'most anything but that awful "hard rock" ?
RickTried this place out for the first time a few weeks ago and WOW. I know that New Orleans is kind of lacking in the BBQ department but this place doesn't disappoint. I had the brisket, smoked sausage, and burnt ends for my meats and the spoon bread and mac n'cheese for my sides. The brisket was delicious and I love that they ask you how lean or fatty you want your brisket to be. The smoked sausage was honestly one of the highlights from the meal. The burnt ends were good but had much more to be desired. Both of the sides we had were delicious. The spoonbread and the mac n'cheese were cleaned off the plates and were so good that I had to get a few orders to-go. Overall, a great BBQ experience in NOLA and I will definitely be back!OMG,  I was craving some BBQ,  was about to drive to The Joint then remembered I read a review on Yelp about Central City BBQ so here I am.. OK 1st I'm happy that The Joint & CC BBQ are on opposite sides of the City...  2nd CC BBQ ambience reminds me of old New Orleans, the staff is extremely attentive and knowledgeable. Now about the food.... The Brisket melts in your mouth, the chicken is flavored nicely, the Crawfish and Pork Sausage (yes I said crawfish) is a must have... Now the sides,  I had the Sweet Corn Spoonbread & Brisket Chili.... Yesssssss both are to die for...  This place is a must visit 5 stars.. Can't wait until my next visit which will probably be next weekI got the two meat combo and was disappointed. The meat was just ok. But the portions were very small for the price. Three small pieces of brisket and two small ribs. The sides actually were better than the meat. Not an $18 meal. We now have many good BBQ options in New Orleans. I can't hear study returning here.Read a review of this restaurant on nola.com and I must agree the bbq here is awesome! Friendly atmosphere great staff and the food and drinks speaks for itself. I order the three meats combo plate....burnt ends briskets that's to die for, ribs that's cooked perfectly and smoked sausage. I also had baked beans  and after the bartender guaranteed me I won't be disappointed if I tried their coleslaw very delish!  First time here and it will not be my last!Excellent, came in right before close. Pork was on point! Brisket was fantastic, burnt-ends CANDY!! I'm guessing oak smoked, nice and subtle but certainly a wood burnt not electric BBQ, and not a reheated food from the day before place!!! ...  we will be back!! Can't wait for summer without giant patio.The food here was okay. I ordered the 2 meat combo: ribs and brisket. My sides were mac n cheese and baked beans. My food took forever to come! And when it did come my food was cold. The brisket wasn't bad. The ribs were good just cold.I ate here this past weekend. I was looking forward to it for a while and was a bit disappointed. The pros are the sheer size of the place. This place is huge. They have an outdoor area WITH a parking lot, they have a huge bar that is shaped like a square and is the center piece of the restaurant, then there are seating and large tv's on the other side of the restaurant. The spoon bread and the ribs are VERY tasty and worth going back for. Also, the service was quick and the gentleman behind the bar that served us was polite. 
The cons are the brisket, the rib tips, the burnt ends, the mac and cheese.... sadly not good. The meat was all EXTREMELY dry. The mac and cheese was dry too, not a bit creamy and bland. I could not finish it because my jaw was hurting from chewing so much,
The boudin was ok. I am picky on my boudin and it was not the worst I have eaten, but not the best either. The flavors were unique. It has some heat to it which I like, but I am not sure what was overpowering the boudin, maybe too much bell pepper? There wasnt enough meat, imo. But I did enjoy the spice. 
Overall, I more than likely will just go to The Joint for some good bbq. This location would be good for Saints games or partying.Very good service. Delicious food. Layed out so that it can serve large numbers of people efficiently. Do not leave without trying the chili!Here from San Diego visiting. Local recommended Central City BBQ. Super nice location. Clean and everyone friendly. Food is where it's at. Ordered burnt ends sandwich with Mac n cheese. Soo delicious. Tried the spoon corn bread and it was Ahmazing.  Followed it up with dessert of peanut butter pretzel pie and it was to die for. I wish this restaurant was back home. It is definitely on my must eat in New Orleans list for sureI didn't like it the first time I came but I gave them a second chance and I've been coming back ever since.  The ribs are insane.  Awesome pork.  Brisket is consistently dry.  Don't get it.  Everything else rules.  Eat the beans.First time at CCBBQ! We tried brisket burnt ends, brisket, pulled pork, and ribs! Brisket burnt ends were my favorite and all the sides were pretty good as well. A wonderful place to go when you have bbq cravingsVery good!  The chicken is soooo fresh and juicy - brisket - well done! And the sides - get the spoon bread and the potato salad . Can't wait to try the sampler for the fam! And they have parking!Had dinner there 6/30/17 with my wife and two friends. I found it to be mediocre at best. We had burnt ends, sausage, chili. The sausage was dried out and presliced. If you assembled it you would have gotten about a 2-3 inch piece. I was about as round as a hot dog. My wife liked the burnt ends bit you only got about 5 -6 very small cubes. The chili was like soup with a very few meat chunks in it. My friend had chicken brisket and beans. The beans tasted ok but they looked like they had been sitting in the bowl for hours. Chicken was dry. The best thing was the coleslaw. 
I find a lot of restaurants ate now just handling the craft beers on tap. Im tired of spending 5 bucks for a draft the tastes horrible. Lets reserve one tap for a good domestic light beer. Please 
THE JOINT IS THE LEADER SO FAR IN OUR LOCAL BBQ RESTAURANT UPSWING. 
1. THE JOINT
2. BLUE OAK
3. CENTRAL CITY
I will try HWY 23 nextThis is my new favorite BBQ spot in NOLA. I've visited here multiple times in the past and I've never stopped here before. The ribs were delicious, and they fell off the bone. They were very tender and the spices were on point. We also ordered some brisket and pulled pork nachos and they both were very yummy. I ordered the Mac and cheese and the kiddos ate it all up! I will definitely return, thank you!Delicious!!! Just get there ASAP! 
I've only sat at the bar the few times I've gone and the bartenders are always nice even when it's super busy.  The food never disappoints!Having just come back from a trip to West Texas and having had some of the best BBQ in the world. I was pleasantly surprised to find excellent smoked deliciousness right here in my own home town. New Orleans used to be a virtual BBQ desert. But it is no more. While I'm no connoisseur or expert foody. I do know good BBQ, from OK BBQ, from just plain bad BBQ. CCBBQ is excellent, good old lip smacking, finger licking good BBQ. But what stood out to me was the brisket. I've had Franklin BBQ in Austin, TX and thought that was the best brisket ever. This was right there with the best of the best. Healthy smoke ring. Well balance flavor between smoke, meat and spice. With moist, fall apart tenderness. The Bacon Mac and Cheese stood out as my favorite side, Next was the Brisket Chili, then the Pork and Beans. The food was hot and served promptly with a smile. Wait staff was friendly and helpful. With a large clean dining room, huge bar, lots of TV's. This is a great place to eat and hang out on the long summer New Orleans nights. We will be back for more for sure.Once my favorite eatery in New Orleans, CCBBQ is now the epitome of overpriced mediocre bbq. The departure of Chef Rob took with it everything that made this place special. The burnt ends were small, chewy, dry, and had no fat to them. The brisket had some fat on it, but the rest was bland. The pulled pork was tender but had no semblance of smokey flavor. The boudin was glorified mush. All of our sides (baked beans, sweet corn spoonbread, and bacon macaroni) were unexciting and average. The best part of my meal was the homemade peach tea. Homemade peach tea should never be the best part of a $40 meal at a BBQ establishment.We go to a lot of restaurants.  I tend not to leave reviews unless they make a big impression (good or otherwise) on me.  This place, dayyyyum.  The smoked Brussels sprouts and smoked wings are out of this world.  I could eat the sprouts for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Do yourself a favor and get the wings 'naked.'  They are delicious just like that but it also gives you the opportunity to try all the sauces.  The spicy BBQ is killer.  The vinegar has a great flavor but doesn't work well for wings, on pork I'm sure it's fantastic.  I never like sweet BBQ sauce, never.  Not even in Austin.  But here, yessir.  Great atmosphere and great happy hour!First off Chef Rob makes the best damn BBQ in New Orleans. The food is five stars. However, I came here just tasting the delicious burnt ends I used to get at Chef Rob's old place. You have to buy a $50 platter to get the burnt ends. When the cashier told me that it was one of those slow-mo "nooooooooo" moments. The price wasn't exactly feasible for my friend and me. Bring the burnt ends back to the people! Make the burnt ends one of the platter options! In short, the BBQ is still the best in NOLA, disappointed about the burnt ends.
Update: You can now get burnt ends as a platter option! Chef Rob listens!! Yay!!! Love this place!!If you havent been there yet the answer is YES. GO!  The sauces add some kick. Or sweetness. 
P.S. the corn spoonbread is AMAZING! Get one to go!Just when you think Chef/ Pit master Rob BBQ was good when he had his prior place. He out does his self with the new opening of Central city. The dream is alive here with not just GREAT food but the whole environment is so cool. The staff is on point and the place has a bar now. Just make sure you get there early cause he is still popular and may run out. Great job chef looks to forward to seeing what else you have planned.Came to the auxiliary location in the Pythian market place. We had the brisket sandwich, smoked wings, mac n cheese, coleslaw, and spoon bread. Everything was yummy delicious, except the spoon bread,  it was too salty. The prices we reasonable too. We'd definitely come back whenever we're in town and want good smoked bbq food.Great BBQ!!  Being from Memphis and a BBQ expert, it is very comparable. I'll definitely be dining here to have a taste of home.  Everyone should give this place a try.I move away from New Orleans and the BBQ scene begins to explode! Just my luck.  Now I just have to eat it when I come to visit.  I saw Central City BBQ on a list made by Thrillist for the top 33 BBQ joints in America.  Thrillist needs to hire me by the way.  They can look at my Yelp history for my interview and resume.  I have to say, that Central City BBQ might make my top 33 BBQ joint list.  But I can think of several other BBQ joints that would be ranked higher on my list.  That doesn't mean I did not enjoy Central City.
It is out of the way of the business of downtown New Orleans but close enough.  They have their own parking lot with picnic tables outside.  The inside is like coming outside from someone's patio with sliding glass doors.  The bar area is right at the door.  The tables, floor, and wall are newly furnished.  There are TVs on the wall.
You order at the counter and it is to the left if you enter through the sliding glass doors.  There is a chalkboard to the right with the menu on it but there are paper menus at the counter.  You can take a peak at the kitchen while you order.  I had read much about the brisket and burnt ends so that was my choice for 2 meats.  I would have gone for more but I was not as hungry as usual.  The sides gave me problems and I explained my dilemma to the lady at the counter.  I had to pick 2 sides out of the 3 I had narrowed down.  The guy who was cutting meat heard my cry and he answered as he let me sample all 3! I loved that and I left a big tip even though all they did was bring me my food after that.  The 2 sides I went with were the potato salad and the sweet corn spoonbread.  I considered the mac and cheese but didn't like it as much as the 2 sides I decided on.
My brisket was very good...almost excellent.  I would say though it was not elite.  The burnt ends were also very good with the crunchy bark on the outside and the tender brisket inside.  My friend let me sample his pulled pork and I enjoyed it.  I tried Central City at about 815 at night.  I think it would have been on another level if I had it like say at noon during the day.  It was all very good and I would eat it again in a heartbeat.  I just think it needed something extra to put it on a higher level.  
The potato salad was a creamy mustard blend.  There were no chunks of anything in it and I loved it.  But the sweet corn spoonbread was amazing! Basically, it was a smushed up cornbread in a cup.  Sweet is an accurate description of it.  I would choose it as my side again everytime I go.  
There are 4 sauces - sweet, vinegar, spicy, and NolaBama. All sauces were fabulous! I liked the NolaBama sauce the best.  It is a white BBQ sauce with an interesting black pepper tanginess to it.  The sweet and spicy seemed to be a blend of tomato and vinegar with one taking on a sweet taste and the other a spicy taste.  The vinegar seems to be made with some kind of hot sauce.  Just like most cases, you need a meat like pulled pork to soak it up.  The vinegar one just kind of lays on the brisket.  
Sweet tea was refreshingly sweet!
Central City is a solid 4 star for me but has the potential to be a 5 star.Oh my god! Love love love this place! Amazing Mac and cheese and pulled pork sandwich! A restaurant with great food and vibe! Will definitely come again!April is awesome.   Mike drop.   This restaurant was closing for the night,  and they would not sell us anything that wasn't fresh.   We loved it.   They made us feel like we were the only people there,  and all the food was fantastic!  The burnt tips,  to the chicken wings and the brisket were off the hook.   One in my party of 5 had the chili,  and would have enjoyed that as his entrie.  Highly recommend this restaurant!Sat at the bar which was ok but it took a while to get waited on. Time was about 1:30 so not exactly prime time. Had a pulled pork plate.  The pork was tender but had basically no smoke taste. Very disappointed. The sides of potato salad and spoon bread were very good. 
The place looks nice and there's plenty of parking at the church across the street. 
Just expected better BBQ.First visit here. Wanted to try another BBQ spot just because. Nice place on the inside. Spacious with the perfect lighting. Guy at counter was extremely nice and welcoming. But the food and the serving size was a disappointment. Got 2 meat plate instead of 3 meat b/c they were out of ribs, which I wanted and rib tips. Got burnt ends which were very dry and brisket which was ok but lacking a little flavor. Bacon Mac and cheese which was not good to me and sweet corn spoonbread which was ok. I pay $17 for 2 meats and 2 sides. The brisket was, no kidding, about the same size of white bread that they give you. Ridiculous. Won't be back.Food was ok.   Chicken breast was dry and definitely needed sauce (I had vinegar), which I thought was the exceptional.  Collards, mac and cheese and potato salad were good but very over priced as side items.The BEST BBQ in the city.  Went for Father's Day and did take out last weekend.  The drinks/cocktails need some work but everything else is excellent!Great place to eat.  The meats were so tender and the sides were delicious.Complete let down. I'd been following their IG page for months before I moved to the city. Everything looked so good, couldn't wait to try it. Ordered the smoked wings and the ribs and they both left much to be desired. The wings were crispy and pretty but lacked flavor/seasoning other than some strange sugar gains on top. The ribs were skimpy and seemed boiled before being smoked. Give it a shot tho... I however coulda saved that $37.I went there for lunch and the decor was extremely nice.  Got a two meat plate with 2 sides.  But like everyone says "the whole experience" is what counts...
The burnt ends amounted to about 6 cubes of meat, 3 dry ribs, and a mac-n-cheese that looked fantastic, but fell short on taste.  I mean just look at the pic.  
The salad  was in a nice tight cup with cap of dressing.  (It ain't like that chicken joint)
As for fresh squeezed Arnold Palmer and Limeade-- they could fill it with Simply Lemonade and serve real juice indefinitely at half the cost.
The ends did have flavor, but it came directly from the fat.  I should have tried regular brisket, as they were out of pulled pork at noon.
It amounted to "bits and pieces" from the bacon chunks you can get at some markets.
For some it might be a 5-star experience, but for me it was a garage that was remodeled very nice.  There was a reception room, a nice bar, and worn woodwork.  There was a crew working on the outdoor deck.
The presentation was nice , but I just can't visualize myself repeatedly visiting at $28/person for a lunch.  I give out 5 stars all the time, but it's just not feeling me here, dig it?