Enjoyed a delicious meal tonight at Chappy's.  The trout special with a shrimp and lemon butter sauce was delicious.  Everyone in our party of four loved their meal.  The service was excellent. We will be back!I love this restaurant! The staff is really nice! They made non-carbonated lemonade for us and it was SUPER YUMMY!!!!!!!!!! I got salmon with scalloped potatoes and it was amazing! I also got the house salad, which was also really good!  It's really big and fancy, but you don't have to be dressed fancily. Our waitress was Charlie and she was really nice! Chappy was really fun! They refilled our water a lot, so we were never thirsty! Even the bathrooms are fancy! I recommend the lemonade and potatoes gratinee with ice cream and berries for dessert! Yum!Fantastic dinner for our last night in New Orleans!  The food was delicious and the staff went above and beyond in every category. Our preteen and teen decided it was the best restaurant experience of the trip.The food was fine. I am vegetarian and got a nice portion of pasta, and the spinach Brie was great!  I also enjoyed my Nectar of the Gods drink.Excellent food and service at reasonable prices. All four of us had delicious meals and everything was perfect. The shrimp bisque is exceptional. Nice venue and decor.Great food! We got the chicken pontalaba. It was delicious. We also got the coconut dessert which was amazing for anyone who is a coconut lover like me. Ambiance is great, very romantic. They have a starry sky ceiling which sets the mood for a romantic date.Love everything about this place. The decor is beautiful, the food was outstanding and very fresh, and our waitress was very attentive and friendly. Chappy himself came out and spoke with us for awhile. I'm surprised to see the negative reviews here, the service was excellent during my visit.Been there twice, great food, great service, perfect atmosphere, always love the ceiling and the music. Would never disappoint me! The grilled shrimp with crabcake always gets me  (_)This place is a perfect example of why Yelp needs half stars. This was more of a 3.5 star experience, but I'm rounding up.
We stopped in here a little before 8 on a Friday night. To our delight, the place was pretty empty and only a few tables were seated. We were lead to a table in the back and given menus. We ordered our drinks and our appetizers and both came out fairly quickly. I ordered a cup of the crab bisque and I really enjoyed it. After finishing the soup we were ready to order entrees, and the waitress was no where to be found. Actually, she was on the other side of the room helping everyone but us.
Let me be clear here: I don't blame the waitress for being slow to take our order. I think the blame here lies in the kitchen. I am more than positive that the kitchen told the waitress to only send back one or two orders at a time. After waiting a while, the waitress came back over, apologized for the wait and took our order.
I was really in the mood for a cheeseburger and fries, so that's what I got. The burger was HUGE, thick and cooked perfectly. It's not the best burger I've had in my life, but it was good and I had leftovers, so I was happy. 
The yummy burger and the nice waitress are why I rounded up on the star rating. Maybe it was just a bad night and they were understaffed. Everyone I encountered was super sweet and helpful. The restaurant itself is very nice and makes for a perfect date spot.I've eaten at many of New Orleans' finest restaurants through the years: this is the best restaurant I've been to in New Orleans since I moved here 10 months ago. The food array is "Gulf Coast with a hint of Creole." The atmosphere is lovely. Casual clothing is perfectly acceptable. Our service was good and the chef, Chappy, makes sure your meal is how you want it. He came and greeted us to make certain we liked everything. We had Fried Green Tomatoes for an appetizer. Perfection. My daughter and I shared the grilled shrimp with jambalaya and crab cake. Wonderful. No plate charge or extra hoopla about that. Our friend got a special: pork chops with fried oysters and dressing. Also wonderful. The entrees come with a side and soup or salad. Salad was good and the side we had was home-made sweet potato fries - oh my. There simply wasn't one thing we ordered that we didn't love. There are both small plates and entrees as well as an array of sauces you can add to any dish. The prices are really great for the amount of food you get. I can't wait to go back to try a filet, a made-to-order burger, and the mouth-watering dessert menu. My only surprise was why the dining room wasn't full. We found our new favorite dining spot. Please join us!Cute restaurant tucked at the end of magazine.  You walk in and you feel like you're sitting at an outdoor patio underneath the stars.  Entrees come with choice of salad or soup with a side.  Great price.  Had the spiced shrimp that came with jambalaya and a crab cake on top.  Delicious and perfectly spiced.  Service was impeccable and attentive.  Perfect date night spot.Chappys is a truly amazing restaurant with great vibes. Feels a little Christmas-y inside with a beautiful second floor that overlooks the dining room. Soup of the day was lovely and the dessert was great. Both the hostess and the waiters are so sweet and complimentary. Definitely a great place for date or a classy night out with friends.Great food!  Cute place.  The grilled shrimp/crab cake/jambalaya was amazing - lots of spice.  And the sides were great - especially the spinach/Brie (very rich) and the potatoes gratinee.  Also enjoyed the salmon and scallops.  Very friendly wait staff and chef- they even made homemade lemonade for the kids when we said they didn't like carbonated drinks - the kids said it was the best lemonade they'd ever had.A friend randomly chose this restaurant since none of us had ever been before. The decor is...charming but odd. The faux french quarter balcony feels weird when you're just a few miles up river from the real deal, but it's well done and the starry sky is lovely.
We started with cocktails and the oysters rockefeller and the crab cakes meuniere. The oysters were amazing; the addition of brie is genius. The crab cakes were fine but I wasn't as blown away by them as my friends were.
I had a trout special, one friend had the trout long beach and the other steak with sauteed mushrooms. What isn't clear from the online menu, is that when you order an entree, you get a starter and a side. I had a salad which was ok and gratin potatoes. My fish was amazing and the best thing about my night. The salad and gratin potatoes were OK but nothing special. My friends loved both of their meals.
We got a couple of desserts (Yelp checkin deal!). I got what was advertised as a doberge cake...which it wasn't but was a delicious, rich, dense, delicious chocolate cake. And also bread pudding which was served beautifully but differently in slices, rather than in a square or a ramekin. 
Service was good but no obtrusive. There was a preseason Saints game on so we knew when a big play was made, since you can hear Monkey Hill next door...if they're loud enough. Sadly, we only heard that once or twice on that evening. (Geaux Saints anyway...le sigh).Tried the Sunday 3 courses brunch(salad/soup+XXX+bread pudding). Great.
Next time will go for dinner.Lovely final evening in NOLA, kids vey much enjoyed their fish and chips (here was loads!), manshape and I shared fried green tomatoes which came in a rich hollandaise sauce with crawfish - very flavoursome! His steak was 8oz and thick and cooked exactly as he likes it (rare to find in the U.S.), my redfish was light but held its own with the crawfish étouffée. 
Jambalaya side was legit, soup de jour was crab bisque which was delicate and the gumbo had serious depth of flavour.
Overall lovely meal with great service, lovely to have a happy himself come out and introduce himself too.Great food and atmosphere uptown. Not crowded on a Saturday night (which actually worried me a little) but we had the Trout Longbeach and Crabcake and Spicy shrimp and we loved our dishes. Chappy visited our table, and the personal touch is always nice. Great spot for dinner.Lovely final evening in NOLA, kids vey much enjoyed their fish and chips (here was loads!), manshape and I shared fried green tomatoes which came in a rich hollandaise sauce with crawfish - very flavoursome but overwhelmed the tomato taste somewhat. His steak was 8oz and thick and cooked exactly as he likes it (rare to find in the U.S.) and was excellent, my redfish was light but was a little overpowered by the crawfish étouffée. 
Jambalaya side was legit, soup de jour was crab bisque which was delicate and the gumbo had serious depth of flavour.
Overall lovely meal with great service, lovely to have Chappy himself come out and introduce himself too. 
In the interests of being transparent, I was asked to give a good review and to show it before I could get my yelp offer of a desert - which is also FYI one per REVIEW not per entree. But the food and experience was bona fide so I was happy to do soThis is our second day in NOLA，we found Chappy's from Yelp，I have to say this place  is wonderful，both the service and food is great！Highly recommended：）Whilst on a stroll with Mafalda (bath salts, warm gin), we became rather peckish and immediately craved an over-priced burger in a faux-French Quarter decor.  Thank god for Crappy's!  They really came through in the clutch - a $14 burger served in the most heinous dining room I have ever seen (starry-night ceiling, fake balconies, the works).  Incredible service from some instantly forgettable people who are probably still waiting on their first paycheck.  Everybody was so nice, and chef Crappy came out to thank us for coming!  He was accompanied by an extrememly grumpy man in a Saints visor that appeared to have been worn in consecutive days since the Archie Manning era.  Chef was gracious and friendly, grumpy man was grumpy and said they didn't acceppt possum pelts as payment.  Mafalda, in her endless eloquence, said "Blerght, we don't have real monies, only pelts."  Chef accepted the pelts, on the fair condition that the next time we came back, we brought real money, and more conservative clothing.  See my facebook page for our outfits of the day!All dressed up with nowhere to go.  Had Grilled Shrimp Pasta, average at best.  Sampled wife's Blackened Reddish which seemed bland to me.  Food lackluster/ mediocre in quality, better to look at than eat.  Overbearing server and maitre'd. Chappy's attempting high end service with mediocre meals.  Handwritten menu beautiful but almost unreadable in limited light.  Best feature of restaurant was owners wife's charm.  Tourist trap in uptown neighborhood.   Good Luck!Fantastic dining experience!  We are locals that live Uptown and decided to try Chappy's.  We were greeted at the door, and I dare say, were treated like royalty...the doorman helped me off with my coat, pulled out our chairs...very pleasantly unexpected for a casual dining experience (not to mention I'm a guy!!)!  The ambience is a little dated, but they told us they would soon be updating the dining room.  The food is very good....the fried oyster appetizer was delicious...the redfish was a huge filet with their signature bearnaise sauce...is your mouth watering yet?! I wish we had had room for dessert.  The table next to us got the bread pudding and it looked freaking awesome.  The staff is very friendly...we met the chef/owner, his adorable wife, and the pastry chef.  We'll definitely be back!Great place, very homey! The owners are very friendly. The service was great! The food was the best! I had the steak- to die for! I will definitely be back! And you get free dessert when you check-in!We went to the Monkey Bar for drinks and loved the ambiance there and asked to look at the restaurant attached  and found another ambiance to love. Unfortunately we had already had dinner but when we went back to the bar we ordered an appetizer, knowing they were from the restaurant kitchen. The appetizer was perfectly flash-fried huge oysters placed over fresh spinach creamed with brie and presented on a long, narrow rectangular plate. Incredible! We went back a day later for brunch and we impressed with the food and friendly, professional service. The shrimp bisque was creamy and subtle, the omelet was perfect, eggs Benedict and bread pudding were excellent. Prices offer a great value in food, wine and cocktails.
We are both professional, working chefs and we will be making this our special place for romantic dinners and special celebrations. The décor is a treat and there is a lovely private dining room and off street parking. What more could you want?Everything we ordered was PHENOMENAL. Peaceful dining with quality from Fried Oyster Rockefeller, fresh salads, Redfish and one of the best Crab cakes ever. And of course the BBQ Shrimp was superb. Crabby checked up on us to see if we enjoyed our food, we loved everything and will be back. A go to spot Uptown.I cant remember the last time I went to a restaurant and the owner came and had a conversation with the table. The decor is so fun, the service was 100% on point. our server was Charlie. definitely do the chocolate doberge cake!This place is a little off the beaten path (aka not in the French quarter) so we were able to get a last minute reservation during Jazz Fest. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Ambiance was sweet inside. Nice artwork on the walls- inside courtyard feeling. 
It was our first trip with a baby (4 months old) and we brought her to dinner. They were super welcoming. She's an easy baby to eat out with (sleeps the whole time) but it's still nice that they don't balk at it. 
Food was great! I'm iffy on crab cakes but theirs are the best I ever had. We had a lot of clean plates from the dinner service!
Desserts (bread pudding and coconut cake) were WAY overly sweet. We split two desserts among 6 people and didn't finish them because doused in sugar. And I have a sweet tooth!
Definitely worth going to! I stumbled upon it by accident but would definitely go back!I don't write many reviews, but my experience at this restaurant was so terrible. If I can spare one person out there the from experiencing the same horrible service and lousy food then I've done a good thing.
Went with my cousin and aunt on a Friday night. It was not busy, so we were shocked when it took 20 minutes for someone to come over and get our drink order. And then when the drinks finally arrived, my wine was served to me in a dirty glass with lipstick stains all over it. Classy.
Our server had little to no knowledge of the menu, so asking her questions or for a recommendation was thoroughly useless. I ordered the scallops, my aunt had the salmon, and my cousin had a fish special. All 3 dishes were overly salted - mine to the point that I found it inedible. No one came by the table to see if we were enjoying our food (we weren't), and when the server came by to clear our table she didn't bother to inquire why my plate was virtually untouched...the salty, disgusting scallops still sitting there with barely a bite taken from the plate.
We passed on dessert and paid the bill, which, incidentally, was not cheap. When I go to a restaurant and pay $25-30 per plate, my expectation is that the food, service, and ambiance will all be EXCELLENT.
Chappy's is a far cry from excellent. It's in a dark, depressing space with lousy food and even worse service. With so many other incredible dining options in New Orleans, don't waste your time or your money.My friends and I were lucky to find a table at Chappy's during a busy Mardi Gras weekend. With six of us, tired and hungry and with no reservations, we fully expected to be sent packing. They were full but took pity on us and set us up in a corner of their banquet room. 
We were just happy to find a place that would take us and did not expect much from the food. Suffice it to say that all six of us were blown away. 
The gumbo was simply amazing. Crab cakes out of this world. Both dishes that are common everywhere but always just a little different. I've had gumbo and crab cakes more times than I can count but the ones at Chappy's were better than I've ever had anywhere.
I was too stuffed for dessert but pressed to take a bite of the bread pudding and it was a party in my mouth. 
Service was wonderful, friendly and fun. We left feeling like we'd made friends. 
We will definitely be back the next time we are in New Orleans!Excellent food, service and atmosphere.  We live on Magazine Street and I can't believe we haven't been to this restaurant before.  It was fantastic.  We ordered the crab cake and oyster's rock for appetizer's which were both incredible.  My husband ordered the filet and I ordered soup.  Oh, and the garlic bread is delicious!!!!  We will be back...If I could give zero stars, I would. This "restaurant" was terrible in every way. 
We sat down and it took about 20 minutes just to get water and for the waiter to acknowledge our presence, just because we asked. Then it took 2 HOURS to get our entrees and we didn't even order apps. 
The table next to us actually walked out because the service was so bad. 
The food was "meh". Nothing great. Presentation was terrible for a $28 entree. The food looked like a cafeteria lunch lady just slapped it onto the plate. 
The waiter was absolutely inattentive and just made excuses for the lousy service the whole time.First and foremost are two little words: Crab bisque. Great day in the morning! I could have made a satisfying meal out of it with the garlic bread (the bread is light and airy, perfectly toasted with just the right amount of butter and garlic) used for dipping. So savory, so well balanced... Eat it slowly and meditate on keeping from feeing randy because it is just so daggum good.
And the meal didn't end there. Seriously.
I ordered one of the chef's specials of the night, the oyster-stuffed steak with a side of sweet potato fries. I ordered the steak medium rare and it came out the perfect temperature. The remoulade, fried oysters, stuffing, and steak were surprisingly AMAZING together; the sweet potato fries provided a light and sweet juxtaposition to the extremely dense flavor experience of the steak.
If you're in New Orleans or planning a visit, eat here and ask for Story; she's a fantastic server with a great and unique name.Oysters Rockefeller and Redfish are some of the best I've ever had! Chappy and his wife Star serve some amazing food and drinksI've been here 2 times and I LOVE IT. Chappy and his wife are great people who will go above and beyond to make your meal special! I will definitely be returning as much as I can!!! The wait staff is also very great. They're all wonderful people. I had the best birthday dinner I have ever had because of them! I literally felt like I was part of their family.This was our second trip and everything was greatly improved.  In fact the food and service was excellent.  We live in the neighborhood and don't like spending big bucks for dinner.  The prices were fair and the food delicious.  We had shrimp bisque, 3 different shrimp dishes, trout, and the big amazing hamburger!  The decor is lovely and you can go from casual (shorts) to anything goes.I've been waiting years to eat at Chappy's again. It was worth the wait. The redfish was amazing! The Nectar of the Gods is one of the best margaritas I've ever had.
The service was fantastic! Chappy even came out to say hello and check on the table. 
Come here. Eat lots.Cannot imagine a better dining experience. Food and service was impeccable. Chef greeted us and brought out our entrées. Redfish was prepared perfectly. Never better. We'll be back.Simply amazing! I came with a big group, and everyone was raving about their own food. 
I had the pan-fried redfish, it was by far the best fish I had in 4 days in New Orleans. We also had the coconut cake for dessert, which was made from scratch in-house, again, really amazing. 
The atmosphere is quiet and classy, a bit of a 80s throw-back feel, but I personally love it. The food comes out at an unhurried pace, so plan to stay for a longer but completely decadent dinner. Highly recommended!Really lovely brunch menu! My husband and I went for their $15 brunch and it was truly fantastic. We also tried the Oysters Rockefeller and they were delicious. Definitely will be visiting again!This is one of the best restaurants in the city hands down (which is a tough city to stand out in) and so reasonably priced. The food is fantastic and fresh every day and u can't beat the ambiance. The chef and owner Chappy and his staff are friendly and welcoming. Not pretentious at all though they have every right to be with the quality of the food they serve. Brunch is only $15 for an amazing 3 course meal on Sundays. If u don't have the time for a sit down nice meal here go next door to monkey hill bar. Chappy does the bar food. One of the best burgers in the city and many more small plates.  I have loved everything I have ordered at Chappys or monkey hill. U need to try this place!Chappy is back!  Unfortunately we have to come to New Orleans to eat with him now instead. The food is still incredible. I had the blackened Red Fish (old favorite) and it was as good as ever. 
We had a party of six and every single person I joyed their meal. I suggest you get over there  and check it out.Old school Creole food with good seasoning and ingredients. Decor a bit dated but reminded me of dining out in the days of my youth. Tasty dishes, welcoming owners, great place for a retro diner.Brunch was great. Highly recommend the banana pudding. Staff is very friendly. Will be going back again.This place so cute quite and nice , I love the decor and its peaceful food is good!The staff was very friendly and the restaurant itself is very welcoming and charming, best of all, the food was delicious!! I had the redfish with crawfish etouffe with sweet potato fries and my friend had the Napoleon (2 filet mignons layered with fried Oyster), both very good. Will definitely come back the next time we're in town!They don't honor OpenTable canceled our reservation last minute no notice blamed OpenTable.  Don't trust them.Not a good experience at all. Frozen shrimp -- on the gulf coast! Not! Food overly salty. Service was meh. Restaurant had one other table on what should have been a busy evening. 80's decor. Hostess - I suspect owners wife over bearing with a joke to start off our greeting - turn off. 
Hoped for a great experience because I live in the neighborhood. Can't go back. You do NOT serve frozen shrimp to gulf coast residents!
Also plastic/vinyl table cloth should have been my very first clue it was going to be a bust.Chappy's was excellent! We were looking for a good restaurant off of the beaten path where we could have s nice brunch. For $15 each we had a 3 course brunch that was exceptional. The signature "Chappytini" cocktail was just the right blend of sweet with a little kick. And the highlight was meeting Chappy himself. He's a great family man who wants his customers to remember that we're all family. We will return and recommend it to everyone that we meet!Excluding cocktails, the bill was $50ish a head, and by the hand-cursive script on the fancy card stock, you have to judge it by the standards of a 3-4 star restaurant. By this criteria, the experience did not justify half the price tag.
The place was pretty bare the night I came, during a Saint's game. with two other tables in use. The menu is styled similar to other Nola historic restaurants, but accommodates a pretty wide range; burgers & fries along with the fancier fare in the $30 range. I think Chappy's caters for Monkey Hill Bar next door, and some of the menu spills over between the two.
The waitress attended my table well and knew the menu. I liked the appetizer and soup (eggplant & shrimp casserole; crab bisque) but wasn't thrilled with the entree (chicken pontalba). The crab bisque is pretty awesome. The entrees weren't worth it at all. Chicken pontalba amounts to fettuccine alfredo with broiled chicken, and my partner's entree was trout fillet. Both meat courses were crispy broiled in butter/parmesan and the salty butteryness pretty much permeated the dish.
The chef came by a few times. His wife (who was attending the door) also made an appearance, and we were even greeted by his grandkid, who came to the table with his toy sword, introduced himself, and explained that he was a police officer.My original two sentence post was this: "Writing this review quickly as I sit beneath the stars of this charming restaurant. I know I'll have to write a more comprehensive review later but for now let me just say "c'est Magnifique."
Now that I'm blessedly horizontal on a Serta Posturepedic, nestled in a feather comforter, the repast I recently enjoyed gently digesting, I can honestly say that it was wonderful. 
We had a 5 course meal (if the hand made cocktail counts--which I think it does). Crab bisque is stellar especially when scooped up with the garlic bread. That combination brought it to another level of deliciousness. This bowl sold us on the 5 stars. The salad was fresh with cherry tomatoes bursting with sweetness. My entree of grilled shrimp, crab cake and spinach Brie was yummy although I was already full by this point. The Nectar of the Gods cocktail I sipped through the meal kept urging me on to order dessert. I did. The chocolate cake was good, not overly sweet (thank god) and satisfying. Took a nibble of husband's bread pudding and it too was a treat. 
We had a jam packed day and our experience here was a lovely way to wind down. Story (I love her name) was attentive and helpful. She was honest about being two days old on the job which didn't negatively impact our service one whit. It was endearing actually. The chef and his wife came out often to check on us, (but not too often)--just enough attention to feel welcomed but not stalked. The banter was nice because it wasn't the staid "how is everything" obligatory question you always get from the manager. Conversation was breezy, brief and charming. A definite plus.
I can see why some yelpers thought the decor was cheesy because of the faux French Quarter vibe but it was ok with us. It was clean and thoughtfully retro. Chappy was a very nice way to end our 2nd day in one of my favorite cities.After walking all day around the city & the zoo, we found Chappy's via Yelp. I called and Chappy happily told me his restaurant is wheelchair accessible - many restaurants are not around this area of town. The food was excellent; neither my wife nor I had ever had Fried Green Tomatoes before but we were blown away by how delicious they were and the presentation on the plate was very appealing. I'm not one to take pictures of food but I did these so I could send the photos to friends & family. Dinner was excellent. 
We enjoyed Chappy's so much we went back for our last night in New Orleans. After eating at several restaurants, including a couple much more famous ones, none could compare to the flavors we had here. I appreciated the personal attention of Chappy and his wife occasionally throughout the evening - very nice people whom we can't wait to visit again when we next come to New Orleans.Was here on vacation for Mardi Gras.  Hotel was nearby, so we tried this place twice.  The first day I had Eggs Benedict (which is normally one of my favorite things in the world and I have had it all around the country and globe).  The eggs were ultra runny.  The eng muffin was burnt on the underside.  The hollandaise sauce was watery, ultra buttery, salty and tart.  Second time:  tenderloin steak was not butterflied but it had a huge slit down the center of it, where it parted while cooking.. Making it medium well instead of the medium rare I ordered.  NO quality restaurant slits or butterflies steak!!  Oysters looked slimy and smelled fishy and we were afraid to eat them.  To me, this place is another New Orleans "tourist trap".  Reminds me of the tourist traps on Lincoln Rd in South Beach.  Most of the patrons are drunk and couldn't tell fine dining from horse meat.  Everything is fine when you're intoxicated.  None of the patrons are repeat clientele.  That's why this place gets away with what it does.I love this place!!!! The Nectar of the gods margarita is the best I've ever had! Loved the fried green tomatoes and redfish! Oh and the coconut cake is the best ever!!!!!! A soon to be New Orleans favorite!!I had the most amazing experience at this place!  I am from NYC and we made reservations for 8 people.  The staff was incredibly warm and welcoming.  The food was incredible!  The ambience floored us and the lovely hostess shared the history of the architecture in the units. The bathrooms were so clean and the staff so helpful.  I had the scallops appetizer with amazing crawfish étouffée.  Affordable wine options. Next time I visit NOLA I am going again. :-)