The chicken was great! I got fries and potato salad as sides. The potato salad was too vinegary or acidic to me but others might enjoy it more than me. The service was great. I felt like I was visiting a friends house and my friends mom was inviting me to eat dinner. Very friendly and accommodating. They didn't have mashed potatoes but I got fries which were very good!I came and picked up chicken on Friday.  It was still hot fresh and the batter had great flavor!!!  I can't wait to return.  Place was clean and friendly and very affordable!After being let down by the closing of my previous favorite place to get fried chicken, I had built up quite the yearning.  Chap's did not disappoint!  Not greasy.  Seasoned great.  Even the fries were on point.  My biggest complaint was I burned my fingers on the hot chicken cause I couldn't slow down.  And the price was extremely reasonable for large pieces of chicken!Very tasty, hot and fresh chicken! The service was also super friendly. There's not a lot of space to park right in front but plenty of street parking when we were there. We will definitely return!After 6 years of living in the Nola area, I  FINALLY received excellent customer service!! I was greeting as I walked in by a very friendly lady. After explaining what comes with my order, she offered the remote for the TV and wifi password. Another employee began talking with me about sports and food. He was very cool and engaging. 
I got the chicken tenders, which were cooked to perfection and were delicious! I've already spread the word to my customers and can't wait to go backI love a hole in the wall. You don't find many of those in Lakeview. Chap's is a tiny spot located in a convince store on Harrison. The people were friendly and the chicken was great. It was fried to perfection with a crispy crunch. The insides hot and juicy!!! The flavor was perfect without going over board. The bonus was the sides. The coleslaw and red beans and rice were quality! I even slid over to the convince store and grabbed a Zero Bar on the way out.Hands-down best fried chicken I've had so far in New Orleans/Metairie. It's not a sit down kind of place so you just order it to go and it is hot and fresh and delicious with the perfect crunch and juicy inside... the side dishes are also very good taste homemade and best coleslaw I've eaten anywhere to date! They also have a few selections of local made desserts that are also very good. The price is great- pretty much a no brainer for fried chicken!Pretty awesome fried chicken. Quiet and casual local place. Slightly cold. The people working there are some of the nicest people I've ever met.Having had a lot of very good fried chicken in many places, I was intrigued by this small place not far from my new home in NOLA, a city that knows and loves good food. It takes some audacity to specialize in fried chicken, particularly here. The host and owner, Marilyn, and her team, are up to the task.
My wife and I started with an appetizer order of eggplant fries. This appetizer is a large basket of eggplant strips that have been floured or batter-dipped and fried just enough to be crispy on the outside and moist / properly cooked on the inside. They are served with a marinara dipping sauce that complements them very well.
We both ordered fried chicken. My wife got the white meat and I ordered the dark. (There are other options on the menu, but for our first time at this restaurant, we went for the specialty of the house.)
Although I am fond of a well-spiced dish, and am not reluctant to add hot sauce, I restrained myself and sampled the chicken as presented. By contrast with many places that add copious amounts of seasoning to the batter or flour, Chap's chicken is pretty restrained, letting the chicken shine. Both the white meat and dark meat pieces were crispy, temperature-hot, very moist, perfectly cooked, and very flavorful. 
The prices are reasonable, the food was great, and Marilyn was a welcoming host. We'll be back!
Remember that they close at 7 PM Tuesday through Friday, and 6 PM on Saturday ....Stopped in for a last minute meal not even realizing that they close in 3 minutes. The staff was very kind and welcoming even though I'm sure they were ready to go home. The woman at the register, I believe her name was Ali, cut up and joked with me while I waited on my dinner making it a very family like environment. If you're looking for something green and airy, try their new wraps! But you can't go wrong with the fried chicken or hot sausage po-boyDid an uber eat for a catfish on French and it was DELICIOUS. Food was hot and prepared fresh. I will definitely order againOne of the best fried chicken I've had in New Orleans. Their chicken is made by order and this is something you can't often find. I like the spicy chicken and garlic sauce;)So there is nothing that I enjoy more but than to stumble upon a true gem. I passed this little ducked off restaurant one day when I was trying to turn around after taking a wrong turn; and man I'm glad that I did so!
When we first walked in I could smell food cooking which is always a good sign. We were greeted by a wonderful woman that they call the lunch lady (who was full of spunk) and then a few minutes later the owner greeted us as well ( Marilyn, another sweetheart). They were so warming and gave us the history of the business and some other nice small talk until the food was done cooking, (that's right folks the food is fresh and made to order no old chicken here). The store is a really good setup for to go meals, or if you and another person wanted to come in for a tasty bite they have a few tables, not really setup for a large group to eat in. The food travels well and was very delicious   when we got home which always works for me. 
We got the whole fried chicken and the mac and cheese, and when I tell you I don't think I can taste chicken the same. The skin was extra crispy and full of flavor, and the major plus was the pieces of chicken where nice sizes, not super small and not huge like they have been pumped with steroids.  The mac and cheese was just the right amount of cheese and full of flavor. And the chicken passed the cold taste test, I always feel that chicken is REALLY good if it still taste good cold. The only bad thing I can think of is that they are closed on Sunday and Monday but hey everyone has to have a day off. I would encourage you to stop by Chap's if you got a taste for some good ol southern fried chicken!One of the best fried chicken place in New Orleans! The seasoning's just on point. Not just plain salt, but you can taste that flavor come from lightly sugar, pepper and garlic. The crunchiness is just right. I can chew the bone, but they are definitely not burned. The fried chicken is made by order. I think it's family own. I would recommend calling in to order and pick up, so you don't have to wait 10 or 15 minutes. They are inside a convenient store, and have a small parking lot in the front.Outstanding customer service. The fried chicken is the best in Louisiana. Take the time and make a trip to Chap's and enjoy a little piece of heaven. The food comes out smoking hot and extremely fresh. Watch some TV and enjoy your meal. Be sure to bring a friend to enjoy the great food every time you visit. You can taste the love in every bite.Best place on Harrison for a quick bite. Grab a drink at the convenience store next door while you wait.Went to Chap's today after having a craving for chicken and waffles. Chap's is a perfect hole in the wall in Lakeview, it's located in a little strip mall on Harrison. 
The lady who was working was super sweet and helpful. She explained how to order, offered suggestions, and gave us control of the TV remote control. This place reminds me of old school Nola /growing up in family restaurants in the 80's. 
We ordered at the counter, paid, and sat down. The food came out quick for being freshly prepared. The chicken (strips) was seasoned perfectly and the waffle was standard. We got fries and mac n cheese as sides. Both were fine but nothing outstanding. 
$9.95 each plate + 1 side, so a very fair price. 
Next time I think we will try the fried chicken or a shrimp poboy. A big bag of Leidenheimer French bread was on the counter...so a poboy has to be good here! 
We look forward to returning and trying other dishes!It was my first time visiting chaps and I must say hands down this was best homemade fried chicken I have had .this chicken you can only find if you get it yourself it's just that good they have a winner on there hands and I'll be back I had 2 piece dark with mac and cheese and it was good way to go chaps friendly serviceThis is the real deal! This IS your Grandmas chicken! We ordered 12 pc with potato salad and jambalaya. The jambalaya was like an inch away from the top so they threw in a free small green bean. The food was fresh and delicious and the chicken was fried to order. We had a great time chatting with the people there while our chicken cooked. Friendly staff, clean as a whistle and fresh delicious food. We will be back! Thanks Marilyn!Hands down some of the best fries chicken I've had in my entire life. Do yourself a favor and try this place out if you haven't already. 10/10!!!Came in her with my SO for some fried chicken!  The owner was incredibly sweet and gracious for our visit (we were her final customers for the evening) and chatted us up and told us about all the specials throughout the week.  I got a 2-piece white meat and creamed spinach.  I loved the spinach!  Good flavor and even had a little kick.  The chicken was very good also.  Nice and hot and juicy, good flavor, and plenty of meat.
Definitely a good fried chicken joint.I decided to try this place a little over a week ago about 3:30 in the afternoon after reading about it in yelp.  I entered and was greeted immediately by a pleasant lady behind the counter.  She took my order of a 2 piece fried chicken meal with macaroni and cheese for my side and a fountain drink.  She advised me that food was cooked to order thus it would be about 20 minutes.  There were two TVs in the dining area situated so that you could view no matter where you sat.  I got my drink from the soda fountain and sat down facing one of the TVs that was playing one of those true crime shows.  As I waited for my meal to cook I began watching the TV and became interested in the murder case they were profiling.  I continued to watch the TV while enjoying my meal.  I would just like to make a note that I rarely even watch TV.  However, at about 3:50 a woman came from the kitchen  ( not the woman who took my order but perhaps the woman cooking the food). She had a bag of chips and sat down at a table across from me also facing the TV.  She sat there for about 5 minutes then retrieved a remote control from somewhere and proceeded to change the TV channel without so much as even asking if I minded.  I thought that this was extremely rude and rather presumptuous as I was unaware that a TV set up in a restaurant dining room was for customer's viewing pleasure and not employees.  So Chap's gets 2 stars for customer service, thanks to lady who took my order.  Now for the food. The chicken cooked to order so it was fresh and hot and was seasoned just enough to compliment and not over power the chicken.  The skin was crunchy with just the right amount of batter; not too thick and not too thin.  I would definitely order this fried chicken again. The macaroni and cheese was just okay as the macaroni was mushy like it was over cooked and not much flavor at all.  I give the food 4 stars for the chicken because the side needs improvement.  So 2 stars for customer service and 4 stars for food averages to 3 stars.On a recent trip to NOLA, we ran across this little hidden gem of a restaurant.  I had three teenage girls with me - and they were hungry - so we decided to stop in here.  It was crowded - which we took as a good sign and we were so right!
Greeted by Marilyn B, the owner, who was so very warm and kind, we took her advice and tried a bit of everything.  The food put us in that transcendent state of happiness that makes you forget that your teenagers are, in fact, teenagers.  Just for a little while, everyone loved each other, the stars aligned and we were happy.
We started with the eggplant fries and OMG - smelling them cooking set the stage for the enjoyment to come.  Delicate breading, perfectly seasoned and not at all greasy, this is the way eggplant is meant to be cooked.  The marinara is clearly homemade - visible chunks of tomato and spices made for a perfect complement.
We sampled everyone's favorite sides - macaroni and cheese was creamy rich with a mix of cheeses that made me moan; potato salad and cole slaw were homemade and some of the best - and most different - you'll ever have.  No store-bought sides here - these were homemade and AMAZING.  
And finally - the chicken ... it delivered on the promise of flavorful, tender, juicy and not even a little bit greasy.  I don't know how they do it - the flavor permeated the entire piece of chicken, it was just heavenly.
This is a don't miss place - and yes, I know in NOLA there are places like this all over, but this one is a "can't miss."  We will be back - even if it's out of the way.
OH and Marilyn gave us great places to shop and browse and other places to eat as well.  Friendliest little chicken house I've ever been to - I highly recommend Chap's!!Great service and country cooking!  Chicken tenders are the real deal!  Mac and cheese so cheesy and delicious!  Very friendly, genuine customer service.  Super hot and fresh!  A true hidden gem worth the visit!Just as hoped. Chicken cooked to order - and you can request the pieces that you would like. Sides (cole slaw, jambalaya) were very good too.  All at a very fair price and the place is Clean, Clean, Clean!Woooooooow. This chicken spot is a hole in the wall attached to a convenience store. It can be easy to pass up if you're just driving by unassuming. 
First impressions are good. Small mom n pop spot with nice people and the beautiful smell of chicken in the frier.
I got the regular fried chicken, hot wings and Mac n cheese and dirty rice as sides for the family picnic.
Gotta say, some of the best fried chicken I've had yet. The coating is thin but crunchy and well seasoned. The meat itself was juicy and hot. The size... Not that size matters... Right? Well, the pieces are big enough to be a mouthful so it's well worth the price.
The wings were also good. Fair sized wings with a good sauce. The wings stay crunchy and don't turn into a sopping mess.
As for the sides, the dirty rice was solid. Will get this one again. The Mac n cheese was fairly disappointing though. Could use a little seasoning and they'd be up to snuff though.
Will be returning for all fried chicken needs moving forward.Stopped by there earlier today with my boyfriend .1st thing The wonderful lady with the glasses who takes your order I forgot her name but will never forget her or the other lady in the back cooking sooooooo nice.best customer service ever it was my first time coming there found out about this place on Instagram. People when I tell you its the best fried chicken damn it its the best .I don't know what the owner put in the flour what seasoning but I tasted every ounce of it . all I can say is ill be back and people please go try it out you won't be disappointed at all promise .I got the 12 pc box and mac n cheese. But sat and ate there lol couldn't make it to the car to eat it a piece it looked to good and by the way food was freshly cooked it was so hot out the grease and mac n cheese was just finish fresh out the pot .love the staff and thanks again lady'sBest chicken I've ever had. Not greasy and tasted incredibly good! I also had the macaroni and cheese, which was so delicious! The customer service was excellent and the owner recommended dinner spots for my husband to take me for our anniversary. Had a great time there! Met an awesome local that gave us so many cool ideas on what to do in NOLA. Eat their chicken because you will not regret it.Dopest dope ya ever smoked. Just the way chicken should be, can't wait to try the chicken fried steak next time. Tell them you found them on Yelp and they'll give you a free drink.Ordered the Cuban, they said they didn't have it. Waited 25 minutes for the Poboy I ended up ordering. I ordered it dressed; it didn't come dressed. It was quite expensive for what it was. I guess I should of ordered the chicken...To my taste, this is the best fast fried chicken in town. The tops. A tad on the salty side, but I can forgive that (far less salty than popeyes, for example). Anybody who loves fried chicken (and who doesnt?) Should really check this place out.Had potato salad and 2 pieces of chicken and both of them were truly 10/10. Obsessed with this place - will definitely be coming backWhat a hidden treasure!! Someone recommended this place when talking about good fried chicken. I'm So glad they did!! I got a 3 piece & baked macaroni with an order of eggplant fries!! OMG!!! The chicken was lightly battered with no trace of grease. (Unlike fast food chains)You can tell everything is homemade & made to order. I love supporting local owned businesses. I can always tell by the staff & how friendly people are when you're waiting for your food. If you're looking for some good homemade comfort food, try them out!Great chicken!   Placed a large catering order. It was redy on time hot and fresh. Ms. Monica was sweet and very helpful,  the place was clean and friendly! the new owners are doing a great job.  This will definitely be one of our regular Lakeview stops. So much more than just chicken everything was wonderful.If there is better fried chicken in new Orleans I would like to see it. The owner is a very nice lady.Hot, fresh, and the real deal Holyfield! If you would like to live when the meek inherit the earth Contact me at labellaglen@gmail. comJust had the most amazing Fried Chicken.  I was try to decided weather Is go to Willie Maes or this one. We decided to go with Chap's Chicken  and we were blown away.  Chicken is fried to order.We ordered 24 pieces of Chicken.  The chicken batter is light yet crispy. The meat was soooo moist. We ordered the Gravy & Cheese Fries. They were so flavorful. The fries were not overly covered in gravy and cheese.  We also ordered potato salad (Amazing), Mac&Cheese (creamy) Cole Claw (delicious) and 2 pieces of cake.  I will definitely come back again. We took the left over home and the next am the chicken was still moist 5 starts for me!!!This chicken is really good!   Fresh hot made to order so call ahead as they don't have pieces under a heat lamp waiting to be bought.  It's so good you'll wanna pump it seasoned well not spicy just tasty and crispy.Awesome Fried Chicken and I couldn't stop eating the fries!  It's worth the drive to Lakeview, but luckily for me I'm only 3 blocks away.After hearing about this place and seeing a picture of their food I decided it was time to give it a try . It's located inside of a store so don't go looking for a huge restaurant. Every order is cooked upon ordering and that's always a plus when eating fried chicken .. They use flour to batter their chicken and cook everything in peanut oil . The chicken was very good and like I said before cooked to order so you know it was hit in fresh . Great taste and well the sides could have been better so that's the only reason for the 4 stars ..Damn. Chap's Chicken REALLY blew me away. Best fried chicken in NOLA imho. It's super cheap, super delicious, and the people are super nice! I had recently injured my foot (dramatic toe stubbing incident the night before), and the woman there insisted on bringing my food out to me in my car. 
I went on a Saturday right when they opened, and they fried up the chicken for me right there while I waited! Since it's made to order, you should call ahead if you're in a hurry. They also have a bunch of yummy sides! I'm not even going to talk about how AMAZING the chicken was, just go get some for yourself!
They also deliver on Waitr.Small restaurant, great food.  The lady that took our order was very pleasant.  The price was right.  Some of the best chicken around...Awesome crispy chicken not overly breaded with good seasoning. The sides are good but was disappointed with the gravy fries. The wings were really good too.My co-workers & I ordered on Waitr while at work for lunch. I ordered chicken wings with a side of macaroni & cheese after reading on Yelp that it was really good. First, the chicken wings are huge! I wasn't expecting them to be that big. Second, the wings were fried to perfection! So crispy but still juicy. I wasn't impressed with the macaroni! I wish I would've ordered the red beans because one of my co-workers raved about how good they are while eating hers. Both of my co-workers ordered the shrimp platter. I tasted one & the shrimp were fried to perfection & very seasoned. Two of the sides that we ordered were missing from our order & they issued a refund for the missing sides which was really nice. I'll definitely be ordering again!So, this time I went in and was not happy. I ordered my food at 11:40. They told me 10mins. Mind you it was a special. So that means it should have been ready. WRONG. Got there at 12:04 and still wasn't ready. Then when it was ready it was given to another customer. So I had to wait again..Chicken was not seasoned enough and too expensive. The service was great but not enough to overlook the chicken. I don't like leaving this type of review because the employees were super nice.I loved the fried chicken at Chap's! 
My husband and I came in about 30 minutes from closing. Sometimes places get annoyed when customers come in that late, but they were super friendly. My husband and I each ordered a 3-piece chicken plate, one dark meat and one mixed, with macaroni and red beans as the sides. The macaroni was good. The red beans were really thick but tasted great. The chicken was outstanding. Hot and crispy on the outside, perfect on the inside. It was the best chicken I have eaten in a long time. I'll definitely be back!Highly DISAPPOINTED. Went there and ordered six wings  fried hard HOT... WAITED TEN to FIFteen MINUTES FOR REFRIED WINGS.  The wings were lightly sauced but soggy, nothing about them were fried hard. To say he had handed me my order less than two minutes ago, the wings were not hot. I love food and it's a few things you learn about fried food. REFRIED food don't hold heat well at all and you can't make em crunchy again because they just soak up the grease. If it's crunchy, you'll get a mouth full grease or oil and that's exactly what I feel like I had. On top of that the chicken wasn't seasoned well. For my first time, I was definitely hoping for a different experience but needless to say after that, there won't be a second time. And I will tell everyone who trust me to recommend their next great food experience to stay away from here.The fried chicken is delicious. Crispy, non-greasy, and very very tasty. You will not be disappointed.Wow, I just ordered some chicken here on Friday and it was super delicious. Fried chicken down here has been overtaken by Popeyes franchises. I know it sounds like blasphemy, but there are so many places with more consistent  and fresher fried chicken. 
As soon, as I entered this small business, I noticed how clean the tables and the food prep area was. Their prices were fair and affordable with great customer service. There was a small wait when I got there even after the estimated time of 20 minutes, but it was no problem. I definitely would recommend calling ahead to reduce wait time. (I mean who wants to eat undercooked chicken, right?! Lol.)
 I love when I get my hot foods super hot and this did not disappoint. I drove all the way back to the Westbank and my chicken was still hot. The only thing that I did not  enjoy as much was the jambalaya. It had this really overpowering spice flavor. The mac and cheese was good, even better with an extra sprinkle of salt. Overall this was a great place. I love finding local small businesses to support. Thanks Chap's! :)People were really nice. Chicken was cooked fresh and hot but over cooked. Very dry on the ends like it shattered. It's in a gas station, kind of a lunch stop place. I wanted to love it but honestly it had little flavor and we all had the salt shaker working overtime. Also had Mac and cheese that was bland and ok. Same for the red beans and rice. Also had fried catfish which was lacking in flavor and crust. I wanted to give it a 5 bc the owner lady was so nice and passionate about the food. Maybe a bad day, bc it was made to order and fresh and usually that means it should have been great. Sorry. Food a 2, owner a 5.Everything we ordered was awesome I couldn't give them 5 stars due to some phone line issues and an issue with my order however Ms.Monica was so nice an apologetic and the food was so good I couldn't stay mad. The fried shrimp and wings were excellent. The French Fries and Coleslaw also good!best chicken , always hot and fresh!! homemade like your mama type of taste lol really good chicken and really great customer serviceHot , more on the AT YOUR HOUSE FRIED CHICKEN , great size chicken pieces,  friendly staff on both sides , friendly guest . Pretty good spot , Tuesday was a free price of chicken with your chicken orderDelicious! Extremely friendly people and recommend the eggplant fries as a side with the chicken!