By far my favorite restaurant in the French quarter! I even got my boyfriend whose not much a foodie like myself hooked. I always get the blackened chicken Alfredo; it's my favorite dish out of everything so I'm really choosy about it but Chartres House has it going on!Kendra was amazing and the food was the best we have had.  Get the sausage po-boy With Bacon.  Kendra special.The crab & corn chowder & hush puppies were delicious, all the rest I could take it or leave it...great service, though!Excellent food I had the blackened chicken Alfredo and it was outstanding!!! Our waitress was great (Kelly) very friendly and great at her job. Would definitely come back.We should've gone somewhere else. New Orleans has too much good food to eat here!  I ordered a flight and server brought ones that didn't look like what I ordered.  She named them as she pointed them out and two were ones that I didn't order.  I told her what I ordered and she said, "Oh yeah, that's what they are."  They weren't what I ordered and I knew that, but I wasn't confident I would get the correct ones if I had her switch 'em out.....and I like beer, so I told her it was fine.  Anyway, we ate at District Donuts the next morning and Parkway for lunch and I HIGHLY recommend both of those places!Chartres House is A-OK. I wish you could give half stars on Yelp, they'd totally get 3.5. 
As a service industry employee in the Quarter, I often stop by here after work to grab a drink. They have good service industry discounts/specials and there is a good mix of locals and tourists despite it seeming like a total tourist trap from the outside. I've never eaten the food here but the dishes I've seen other people with have always looked appetizing and seemed to be a totally fair portion. 
Their specialty drinks are only so-so and a bit overpriced. I tend to stick to beer, wine, or simple cocktails like gin & tonic while I'm here. Friendly, helpful bartenders. Video poker. Working fire place. Any questions?Visited this spot last night and it did not disappoint! We had a group of six and was nervous it might have been a long wait. NOPE! We waited five minutes for our table! Our waitress was the best and food came out super fast. All in all, what a great place to visit!We came here after that awful Gumbo Shop establishment a few blocks away wouldn't seat us even though we arrived at 8:50 to join our party and the restaurant closed at 9. The waiter at Gumbo Shop whispered to us that the management consisted of jackasses and that we should go to Chartres House because we'd get great service and the food was better.
Our waiter was amazing, such an angel, told us funny stories throughout the night. He was brand new to the job and the billing was wrong at the end, but we were totally cool with it and everything was fixed pronto. All the food we got was pretty delicious. One of the dishes we ordered was the sample platter, so we got a little bit of everything which we shared. 
Chartres House is beautifully decorated with the perfect ambiance. Very romantic. Oh, and when I had to use the restroom, one of the employees walked me across the courtyard with an umbrella so I wouldn't get wet in the rain! Love it!We found this place by accident during our stay in NOLA, and a happy accident it was. Our first meal was incredible (highly recommend the crawfish pasta!). It was so good we went back the next day for lunch. The staff are prompt and very courteous. Check it out, you will not be disappointed!This was our first night in NO and the 4 of us used a restaurant.com certificate. 
We sat inside and the waitress was very good. We tried the crab cakes, and the sampler dish which included gumbo, jambalaya, and red bean/rice. All very tasty.Had the crawfish po'boy, fried alligator app, and some prosecco. Nothing special, underseasoned food with bland presentation. Service sub-par. 3 stars for the balcony experience in NOLA. Not recommended.Quick Summary: Decent food, slightly higher prices, good beer menu, slow service. They also charge for small things like dressing on your salad.
We came into this restaurant starving and there were able to seat our table of 7 pretty easily. However we felt we had to ask for everything! I ordered a round of water to start for the table that never came and when I asked again, I got attitude from our waitress. 
I ordered a small cup of gumbo and a small house salad with Cajun ranch dressing. My salad was a few pieces of lettuce, 1 cucumber slice, 1 onion circle and 1/8 piece of a tomato. On top of that they charged me $1.00 for dressing, which I had to re-ask for 3 times.  The gumbo is not impressive for New Orleans, especially with the gumbo shop being down the street but it was still tasty. My sister for the muffuletta which was actually pretty decent. 
I don't think Ill come back for food but their beer menu was filled with local beers and worth coming back for.Wonderful dinner great appetizers. Alicia was amazing with our changing needs:). What a doll!The food was ok.  I have had better seafood in New Orleans and their prices are pretty high for just a simple seafood plate in a basket.  The atmosphere is very fancy and the location is probably why they set their prices so high but the food did not seem to match the level of atmosphere.Disappointing, overpriced food. Portions were small. Fish was so over cooked, it was almost burned and so dry. It was supposedly redfish, but it could be been any cheap previously frozen fish. It took about 45 minutes just to get our food. By the time it came, we were so hungry, but it didn't make the food taste better.Womp womp... I ordered the jambalaya with fried chicken. Sounded good right? It came out with some thing cut chicken tenders. What a disappointment.
Other than that, it's a good place for lunch in the outside patio with friends. Oh and they have vodka on tap, whaat?? Thats cool.My mom and I came here after a recommendation from our hotel staff. We were seated right away on the balcony. Ordered the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer - highly recommend. My mom ordered the burger and I had the shrimp Caesar salad. Both were amazing. Great service! Would definitely recommend eating here if staying in the French QuarterRelaxed New Orleans atmosphere, very centrally located. Excellent roast beef Po boy! Good Bloody Mary's too, but too small.Stumbled upon this place for lunch. I had the blackened chicken pasta and really enjoyed it. Sauce tasted fresh and homemade. Chicken was flavorful but not overly spicy. Had a good cocktail (Strawberry Hill) with it.  
Hubby had a hot sausage po boy. He said it was pretty good. Not that spicy, so no warnings needed there. 
The room we sat at the front of the restaurant was open air, and it was a nice day for that. Other interior rooms were closed in and air conditioned. TVs in the room we were in and tuned to Saints game. Not overly crowded, and didn't seem like it was touristy.I would not recommend this restaurant. It leaves a whole lot to be desired. The stars are for the bartender and kitchen staff. 
We were some of the first people in for dinner, in the room we were in there were only other people seated at 1 table. We asked for waters while looking at drinks and it took at least 5 minutes to get them. Cocktails took 10. We were in the same room as the bar, saw them being made and sitting there while our waitress was nowhere to be seen. They were very good when they did finally make their arrival to our table though. 
Our app was very good, I forget what it was. I ordered a blackened Cajun chicken sandwich that had no flavor whatsoever, the fries were delicious though. We also had the red beans and rice which were pretty good. 
The bathroom is very out of the way if you're sat towards the front of the restaurant and there were multiple places that had puddles of water that needed to be walked around, including the toilet that was leaking. 
There are definitely better options and we will not be going back.Four of us had dinner and drinks here tonight. The food was fine, the drinks were good but the server was horrible and we will not be back. Two of us had soup and it took 15 minutes after our food came to get spoons to eat it. At the end of the meal we asked for separate checks and she eye rolled us but brought them. The straw that broke the camel's back was when she brought the checks back with our cards and change she literally threw them down on the table. It was just unbelievably rude. Never again.Really disappointed with this place. The staff was completely rude. The waitress that sat us brought us to a table that was dirty and just disappeared. She then came back to the table saying we were supposed to follow her to another table and was clearly irritated. She had such an attitude about it, even insinuated that we took a checkbook that was apparently left on the table. The waiter was alright and the food was average. Definitely would recommend checking out other places in NOLA.Slowest service I've had! We seriously waited an hour just for our DRINKS, despite there being only 4 other parties in the room we were in. The fried alligator was cold when we got it, and I've had better Muffaleta sandwiches. With all the options in the French Quarter, why go here?Overall this was a pretty good place to eat. I sat at the bar out front but in walking around the restaurant I found several large seating areas. I ordered two items, the Boudin and Fried Green Tomatoes. The boudin was light and very flavorful with a touch of heat but overall it was delicious. The tomatoes were sliced thin and coated with a light tempura breading which brought out the flavors. The crowd picked up as it got later but nothing to wild.The crawfish toast was excellent.  We tried the Muffaletta (shared it as portions are HUGE) - that was very good too.  Prices are very reasonable, service was excellent.  Location is great, I can wait to visit again and try the Duck Empanadas.We needed an afternoon drink and snack after our tour and were thrilled to find this gem.  Sat on the balcony so we could people watch and were not disappointed.  I had my first taste of crawfish via the crawfish cakes (yum) and hubby had sausage gumbo.  Our server was wonderful and efficient.  We would definitely go back!HORRIBLE service, clearly because of poor management and not entirely the fault of the clueless wait staff. First they lost our reservation which I had called to confirm just 4 hours before. They agreed to seat our party of 8 even though they didn't have enough staff to cover, then instead of turning people away they seated another larger group of 12 as well as two other groups of 4 that we knew of. It took 20 minutes to get a round of drinks and only did we get our appetizer order and dinner order in because I had to beg the waiter to take the order before he ran off. 
I could go on, but I think you get the point. I would stay away until they get better management and staff. I feel sorry for the cooks because the food was good!I am waiting for my food. The rat running around the dining room is highly amusing. I hope the food is ok.
Good news! The food was ok.We first ate here in 2014 when we came on vacation, and here we are again. I absolutely love this place. The red beans and rice and beyond amazing. Last night our server was Brittney, she was a absolute delight, she was so sweet and down to earth. We'll be back again for sure!! This place is a treasure!Tevin is a very nice server. Drinks are tasty. Food was good and they didn't skimp on rice in the gumbo. Gumbo is nice and smoky flavor. Bisque is nice and rich.
Would gladly come backIt's an ok place. I have had much better po' boys in New Orleans but the rice and beans was the best we have had in a long time. The restaurant is pretty dirty (a cockroach landed on our table at some point in the meal).  The location is convenient when you are staying in the French Quarter with children and you don't want to take the car to drive to much better places Uptown for instance.You can do much better than this place. It's really a last resort when you're hungry, hot and need a quick meal. The fries were super greasy - almost translucent- and the food was very bland. The two stars is for the great service we received from the waitress. Avoid if you can, your taste buds will thank you.One of the worst meals I have had.
Only redeeming feature was our waiter who was very nice, if not a bit too attentive, likely because of the place being so bad.
Gumbo servers should be against the law in New Orleans. Tasted like beef cube in dishwashing liquid.
Bread was hard enough to be used in construction (for the poor boy). Entirely uneatable. 
Brought me the wrong beer.
Bathrooms were dirty.
Avoid at all costs.Nice open air atmosphere, but if you're looking for good Creole food, keep walking. The crawfish étouffée was passable, but the gumbo is what merited two stars. It was mostly roux and rice. Now, you know how important the roux is. First, you make a roux. But then you have to add some other ingredients, like sausage or shrimp and some vegetables.Michelle was our waitress and was very friendly. The atmosphere is nice and opens onto chartres street. The food was very delicious (fried gator appetizer, cheeseburger, and the grilled shrimp Caesar salad). No one had any complaints. Beers are a little pricey ($4.50 for a bud light), and the bathrooms are outside, other than that, it was a very pleasant experienceSooo, we had a bad experience here. They sat us in a back room, off the street, all by ourselves, and then we had an annoying waitress. That aside, the prices were extremely high for what the food was. For two of us (an app, two entrees, and two drinks) it was almost $100. I would've expected to pay $60. The drinks were weak and the food was uninspired. There are better places to spend your money and time in the Quarter.Good food and good atmosphere. 
The waiter was kind and helpful. 
We had the spinach artichoke appetizer which was very creamy and a bit spicy. 
The crawfish entrée was good.Seriously a really bad restaurant.  From food, to service, to the cleanliness of the bathrooms... Very disappointing.
Just a sad sad attempt at trying to be a restaurant....Great service and they have a vegetarian entree!! Thanks for thinking of us veggies!!
The fried green tomatoes rock!Just checked this place out this past weekend, and if you are a vegetarian they offer 3 great Eggplant entrees to try out.  We tried the eggplant muffalata and the PoBoy sandwich.  Both were delicious.  It seems like they use the same eggplant patty for all the dishes, but its awesome.  Crisp, not too oily, and has a wonderful hearty flavor.  The PoBoy was hard to eat, but once i deconstructed the sandwich it was much easier.  Definitely  better than most places eggplant dishes.Incredible atmosphere, both inside and in the back dining area. Great portion sizes for your money. Had the Hot Sausage Po Boy - absolutely delicious. Definitely a slightly hidden gem.Best BBQ Shrimp recipe ever.  Get the BBQ Shrimp appetizer.  Get two.  It's delicious.  We went back and brought another friend who says the same thing.  Corn bisque, great too.  We tried the Taste of N.O. Entree as well; pretty good.  But that flavor of the BBQ Shrimp is insane and haunting me.  If I was rich, I'd fly here for that.Our server was great and very attentive.  My husband ordered the cashew crusted red fish.  He NEVER eats fish, but he ate all of it, it was that good.  I had the shrimp po boy which was good, not the best I've had, but I enjoyed it.  Overall we really enjoyed our food and I recommend stopping by.I love wandering around New Orleans and finding new places to eat. One of those journeys landed us at Chartres House, and it quickly became one of our favorite "fallback" restaurants. As in, when you're not sure what you want you can always head there and get something yummy.
The burger is among the best I've had anywhere. Thick, juicy, and best of all not too expensive. The beans and rice (available as a smaller side dish if you ask, instead of as a main course) is a perfect complement to the burger, and the fried eggplant was yummy too.
The building is old, and appropriately funky. It's almost like a complex of buildings mashed together, but it works. The sidewalk tables are great for people watching -- at least in spring. Eating at a copper table in New Orleans in summer is not enjoyable. Fortunately, there's a nice, cool dining room inside.
Been there many times on many trips to NOLA, and look forward to going back!Searching for a restaurant and stopped by.  The food was surprisingly good.  Had fish with crab stuffing -very moist.  Husband had sampler plate.  Large portions.  Food was served peeping hot.  Sat on deck and enjoyed scene below.Ask bartender Kurt to make you his drink-contest invention, the "Hot & Dirty Peppertini," a spicy martini made with a dash of habanero sauce. Also can recommend the étouffée & jambalaya. Great place to duck away from the crowd or catch a game on tv.Great atmosphere, great food and excellent service. I really enjoyed my fried alligator and the corn and crab bisque. My friends split a fried shrimp po boy and a grilled shrimp caesar salad.If you have a lot if time on your hands to suffer through our service, the food is good.  If they ban the use of cell phones by staff it would improve things for sureFelt like I was on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares. We ended up here because everywhere else had an hour wait, still waited an hour here after being seated for sub par food. Plus, we saw a rat running around in the courtyard and the service was TERRIBLE. Would not come here if you had a choice.Everything was good here except for the one thing that really, really matters to me: cleanliness. If it weren't for that I would have given this place five stars.
My friend and I stopped here on our first day in New Orleans. It had been a long day and we decided to eat here since the menu sounded delicious. We ordered crawfish cakes as an appetizer, the corn and crab bisque soup, and split the southern pecan pie with ice cream. I don't know if it was because we were tired and hungry, but the food tasted like heaven. 
Here's where it kind of gets gross. My water glass looked a little dirty, but I decided to not make a big deal out of it. I've worked in a restaurant before and I know that sometimes hard water stains can make a glass look dirty even if it's perfectly clean. Then, I unwrapped my silverware. There was food still crusted on my fork. My knife looked like it had water stains or it was just plain dirty. I grabbed the silverware from the table next to mine. The fork was clean, but the knife was dirty. I also noticed that our server saw me doing this and saw the extra dirty silverware on our table, but never mentioned it or asked about it. I have a feeling this has happened before. The only reason I didn't get up and leave was because we had already ordered all our food and the appetizer had been brought out to us. Actually, mostly it was because we were just extremely tired. Like, so tired you feel drunk and not willing to walk around looking for another restaurant tired. You better believe I inspected every single bite of food. Luckily, it seemed like the plates were clean and the food looked ok. Finally, the bathrooms looked like the ones straight out of a club around 2am on a Friday night. Dark, dingy, and dirty. 
Now, I'm kind of grossed out that I ate here since who knows how clean the kitchen is, but at least the food tasted good. Also, I was fully expecting to get food poisoning but I was perfectly fine.stopped in to whet the whistle on a daytime walk around the area. found some decent drinks and great company in Hannah, tending the bar. we didn't eat here; we just sat and sipped and visited.
this happened to be the location of [our] magical NOLA afternoon. perhaps the stars were just aligned. might could be there's something to this place.Stopped in here for some po boys with my mom. I got the shrimp and she got the fried fish. Both sandwiches were delicious! They messed up my mom's order at first but the wait staff and management were very quick to correct it and take it off our bill. The fries were the best we had out of the three days we had been here - actually salted and seasoned. And the bread for the po boys was amazing! Overall good food and great service. Would definitely return.Good food open atmosphere we had a bloody Mary and a mimosa at the bar the shared a blackened chicken club all was good.Came here about 45 minutes before this place closed and sat at the bar.
The bartender was super chill and drink prices aren't too bad.
We stayed until a little past closing time, but the bartender didn't even try to kick us out.
Didn't try any of their food so I can't comment on the food.
The place was pretty empty by this point; there were only a couple other customers in the restaurant. It seems like this would be a nice place to hang out if I had come here earlier.Good (and lots of local) beer selection and interesting drink menu. Great service.One of our favorite places in the quarter. Great service and good food. As visitors we visited Chartres House often and as residents we come back and also tell friends who are visiting to eat there as well! The crawfish cakes are amazing!This my second time here.  And it's just like the first time.  Excellent service . Chrissy was our waitress this time and she was the BEST EVER.  We absolutely loved her and her great service and attitude .  And as always the food was the best in New Orleans .  You MUST eat here if ur in New Orleans and try the taste of New Orleans Entree .  You won't be disappointed.I would give Chartres House Cafe 3.5 stars. I ordered a salad and it was pretty good, but how great can a salad be you know? The drinks were nice and strong though and the staff was really friendly. Great place to people watch if you get sat at a table that is right near the sidewalk.The husband and I ate here the other night and loved it!
My husband had the fish stuffed with crawfish and it was the best fish I have ever eaten!! His meal was a lot better than mine, but mine was still delicious. I had the muffuletta and fries and they were both great! We ended our meal with the bread pudding and it was the best I have ever eaten. Definitely one of the best meals we had in our short stay in New Orleans.2.5 stars - Well, I think I give it 3 stars and my hubby gives 2 stars.  I liked our fried catfish/shrimp/oyster platter slightly better than him.  But both agreed there wasn't anything memorable about it.  The hushpuppies were good though.  I guess for the price and beers added, I would expect more.  The host was nice and smiles a lot, which I like to see.  Overall ambiance, again nothing special.
What seals the deal for me to give the star rating at 2.5 instead of 3 is the bathroom situation.  Not the best - but where in New Orleans is?!  Also, wish the balcony or outdoor seating was available, but was closed for a party.We stopped in here for a late night supper. We were seated on the sidewalk so we could people watch. She got the Muffaletta, I got the Catfish Po' Boy. Both came with fries and arrived after a short wait. 
The Po' Boy was what I'd expected... crusty roll with tasty filet of catfish, mayo, romaine, tomato and pickle. She thought her Muffaletta a little dry, but the piece she let me try was soft, moist and yummy! Our ice teas were kept topped off, which was wonderful on a warm night in the Quarter!Got seated right away on a Friday night. The host and server were both great. My reasoning for the 3 stars is the food is definitely not the best in New Orleans.Best service & atmosphere UPSTAIRS on the balcony. Tables on the balcony only seat 2 people & very charming scenic French quarter street views down below. The bbq shrimp is consistently delicious. Soak up the delicious sauce with the French bread... mmmm & yes I've tried other dishes here (ordered by dinner companions) & everything is great! I go for the bbq shrimp though!During the craziness of Mardi Gras we came across this place. 
The food here is good we had Jambalaya alligator meat and all was really good. Plus it was served fast. 
Service was nice and in the spot, the place is bigger than it looks like and it can get noisy but that is part of the attraction.A great restaurant with a variety of food in the French Quarter. I had the blackened chicken alfredo that was the best I've ever had! I also took advantage of a delicious vodka mule and cheesecake. The best of it all was sitting on the balcony on a beautiful New Orleans spring night.Really good food at reasonable prices. Great beer selection as well. We had crawfish stuffed cat fish and pecan crusted red fish.  Very good! Service was excellent. Matthew was our server and the service was very attentive. He has a great personality and made excellent recommendations. We even got a free appetizer (crawfish bread) for checking in on Yelp.The food was amazing, easily on par with much higher priced fare in the quarter. Pierce was our server and he was impeccable in his service. Made sure to verify our order and was very polite and attentive with a great local beer recommendation. The crawfish bread appetizer is a must have!Atmosphere was nice.  I ordered a Roast Beef PoBoy and the roll seemed to be microwaved because it was soft but tough to cut.  Then I went to the restroom out through a courtyard.  The restroom was flooded with water, not sure if it was the toilet or rain water had run in from the day before and not cleaned up.  Don't believe I will go back.Sitting on the corner of Toulouse st and Chartes st, this cozy restaurant was nice spot for my lunch.  I sat overlooking the street, which made for excellent people watching.  The fried shrimp po-boy sandwich was good, but nothing absolutely amazing (but maybe Im just not a huge fan of po-boys?).
However, I had one of their cocktails called Summer Rain, and let me just say that it PERFECTLY described how it tasted.  Wow.  My new favorite drink.  I think I need to go back just for that.  It made me sigh and melt every time I took a sip.
I would go back simply because of that drink, and the general feel of the restaurant and service.  I want to try other things on the menu.Great location in the French Quarter. We stopped there for late night drinks and desert. The bread pudding was awesome as was the service.Nice atmosphere, meh food. After having an amazing  fried chicken and jambalaya at (eat at) Coop's Place (instead of this one), I thought the fried chicken was just okay, and found their jambalaya to be bland and *al dente*. Too bad, really, this place has so much potential, given its location, set up and decor.Petar our server was helpful with his entree recommendations right on. Our Fried Green Tomato and Shrimp-free through Yelp btw-was towards the best we had so far, the Portobello Mushroom Burger accented with Jalapeño Bread was just what I hoped for, and the Crawfish stuffed Blackened Gulf White fish was probably in the the top two ever. Thanks for the great Dinner and creative mixed drinks.I wish I could give them a better review, but I just can't; I had a terrible experience. The best part of the place was the hostess and the balcony.
My boyfriend got the BBQ shrimp which he ordered because he thought it was going to come just BBQ'd but it ended up having some sort of sauce on it, which he liked but it was not what he was expecting and it gave him a very very bad stomach ache. I had the Taste of New Orleans and tried the etouffee, gumbo, and jambalaya - all of which gave me a meh experience: they were all kind of bland and the meat pieces were very very small. All just tasted like rice with slightly different gravy and seasonings.
We sat outside on the balcony upstairs which we were very excited about and the best part of the experience...until a giant cockroach came crawling down the side of the wall. I understand it's a part of New Orleans but it came at the end of my meal and lets just say I was not happy. The waiter asked why I was standing in the middle of the room and I pointed at the bug, he half smushed it with his shoe and kept walking, while the bug was left to whither away on the balcony.
Perhaps if I had tried a different dish and the cockroach hadn't interrupt my meal I would have been able to give 3 stars, but I don't think I will be back on my next trip to NOLA.Excellent service! The staff were all very friendly and accommodating. Great food and atmosphere!Overpriced for the amount of food you get. I got the Taste of New Orleans with 3 of the 4 entree options and left hungry - portions are small. Food was 3.5/5.Food was good. It was a bit odd upon arrival because the hostess (who also turned out to be our waitress) told us it would be a 35 min. wait but then sat us right away and got us drinks but would not take our order for food for over an hour! She said the kitchen wasn't accepting orders. Having worked in restaurants through college I know they get "swamped" but this was ridiculous. By the time we were "allowed" to order the place was empty! The strawberry cream beer was amazing though!What can I say the fried gator was to die for. On a one week vacation we went here twice!! The location is great, they allow kids and even though they have a full on bar. Friendly servers, fast bringing out the food and the waitress NEVER let my drink get past mid way.We loved this restaurant! After 3 days in Nola this was our most favorite restaurant! We had dinner on the balcony and it was so charming. The fried green tomatoes chips were excellent. We also had the pecan crusted redfish and it was the best meal we had the whole time. It was delicious topped with some sort of cashew sauce. Excellent! Head straight for this place if you want a wonderful dining experience!!Stopped in for lunch on our first day of vacation. The restaurant and staff exceeded all expectations. The hostess and our waiter were so sweet and accommodating. My Aunt, in her 70's, has a hard time walking and the hostess just took her by the hand and helped her to our table. We sat in the courtyard and it was the perfect setting. Food was great. BBQ shrimp, crawfish cheese bread, mufalata sandwich and the corn crab bisque was divine.  Our server had such a personality and a beautiful smile and answered all of our questions and listened to our stories. The attention to service and the excellent food win us over!Atmosphere: Service was ok. We sat in the central courtyard and watched RATS run around throughout our entire meal. Every couple of mins we saw another RAT run between the service kitchen and restaurant.  
Food: I had the house burger with sausage patty (sausage patty was bomb!) and we ordered the artichoke crawfish bread. I definitely recommend this appetizer.