Charcoal's has only been open for about a week but they seem to be settling in okay other than their product ordering - they were out of bison, turkey, and veggie burgers (clearly the 3 most popular other than regular beef) as well as cheddar cheese.  I would think the popularity of those 4 items should have been pretty easy to predict but then again I'm sure I would have made other mistakes.
In terms of the burgers, they're pretty good.  I ended up with a venison burger on my first visit cooked medium rare and it was just about right - and the key is that it was still juicy which of course will often be an issue with lean game meats.  The brioche bun was very good and other than the burger being over-seasoned it was medium thickness, seemed to be good quality meat, and tasted pretty good.  Of course, it was $0.25 each to add lettuce and tomato then another $1.00 to add avocado then another $2.00 to upgrade from chips to onion rings then with a drink added the total bill came to almost $16.  For one person.  I mean, it was a pretty good burger and the homemade onion rings were nice but I could have gone to Wendy's for half the price and gotten a burger that satisfied similarly.  Charcoal's actually makes Tru Burger look cheap which isn't easy and it almost makes The Company Burger appear under-salted which also ain't easy.
I still haven't had a great burger in NOLA - give me Michael Symon's burgers any day from B Spot and Bar Symon.  I've also had much better burgers in my previous residences of Portland and Chicago - and they cost less even at sit-down restaurants.  For these prices I want the best and I'd prefer if Charcoal's had a menu of 5-10 great combinations rather than making customers choose all the ingredients for every burger served.  Certainly, I may stop by Charcoal's occasionally but I don't expect it to be a habit.
Wow, it's now an hour after I ate my burger and I can still taste the salt on my tongue...Great burger spot with a fabulous "build your own burger" menu. The upstairs balcony is where it is as with a nice draft beer and bison burger. Staff was super friendly and will definitely be going back.I had higher expectations for Charcoal. I'd heard good things and was excited to try it out. While I was tempted to sample something on the more unique side (i.e. elk burger), I really just wanted a classic American beef cheeseburger. Seemed like a good place to start.
The waiter asked if I'd like it done medium, which is pretty much what I always get. The burger came out well done -- there was not a hint of pink anywhere in there. I liked the bun and the toppings, though I could have gone for a few more pickles on there. The standard fries that I got were good too.
My girlfriend got the salmon burger. She was not impressed in any way. She also had the sweet potato tator tots, which she said tasted like they had been frozen. She said she wouldn't mind if we didn't return. I wouldn't mind if we did, but there are other burger places in town that I prefer -- namely Five Guys (still my fave) and Cowbell.I give this place 31/2 stars. We got there about 10:40 on a Sat morning. Although it was rather early, my friend and I were craving a hamburger. They were still serving breakfast so we waited until 11:00 when the lunch menu starts.  The breakfast menu looked good. 
This place is almost like 2 restaurants in one. Downstairs is counter service, upstairs is full service. We chose to sit downstairs. Both of us got the regular beef burger with various fixings. I ordered onion rings and my friend ordered the fries. I give the place A+ for the quality of the meat. My burger was also cooked perfectly. I give A+ for quality toppings. The atmosphere was also nice. My biggest disappointment was the onion rings that I paid $3.00 extra for. They looked and tasted like something one would find at Burger King. Why would everything be gourmet except something so basic and easy to make? I only ate 2 of them -- they were that bad. I probably would have better enjoyed the medley of potato chips that comes with the burger sans the up-charge. I tasted my friends fries -- nothing special. 
It is my understanding that they have an excellent happy hour that includes $5.00 burgers. This would definitely be worth checking out. 
Overall, this was an enjoyable experience but there wasn't much of a wow factor. Port of Call still has the best burger for the price IMO.It is what it is...a burger.  An expensive "I'll try it, but I'll never again justify paying that much for a burger" burger.  A "trying to keep this burger bill under $20 so I won't get fries" burger.
Sure, they have some other things on the menu.  Some of it seemed pretty interesting, but if "Gourmet Burger Bar" is in your name, I expect you to really bring your burger game.  
I ordered one to go.  When I got home, I felt like I was unboxing a new Apple product.  What I found was a burger.  BONUS:  No fewer than (7) seven potato chips were thrown in.  Who doesn't appreciate a little Lagniappe?Really not sure why this place gets such a low rating everything is really really good. Go sit downstairs and watch the chef make your burger. They make everything fresh you can even watch the buns come out of the oven. The prices do vary depending on what burger you want so go prepared to pay a extra if you want a more unique experience. But a lot of love and care is put into every item on the menu. Also, I really love the onion rings its got a really unique texture its a thick coating of what I liken to a hush puppy batter, if your into a thin breading on your rings you probably won't like them.First impression was not so good..the floor plan of this place is horrid! you walk in and  start to head into what should be the restaurant and are told by somebody that you need to climb up stairs that look like they belong in a parking garage..very industrial..they even have the sodium lighting that you find in a parking garage! I was really effected by the atmosphere..and not in a good way..very sterile, the lighting made everyone look like ghouls ,the chairs are uncomfortable..there was zero personality to the place..all those things are pretty easy to fix. Luckily, the burger was good. I got the plain old house blend with tomatoes, lettuce and secret sauce..the very basic and it was okay..nothing really to rave about though. Others at the table had kobe, elk and salmon and each loved them. We did all agree that things seemed a little greasy and the tomatoes were those unripe bland ones that I picked off..buy a case of tomatoes and let them ripen before using them! so, all in all..a-ok..nothing to rave about..nothing to really complain about...oh..except the manager type lady that came over and asked how it was and when one person complained that the bun to meat ratio was not what they liked, she seemed a little pissy about it and told us they stole the bread maker from the ritz..so how could their bread be bad?. It was explained that the bread was good but the ratio bad, when asked if she was the boss, she said no..but then admitted she was but had said no because she hates dealing with complaints..so they should probably re-think who they make  a manager in the future.I do agree with a previous reviewer about the method of ordering..it is too confusing and time consuming..much easier if the chef has worked out himself what goes best on an elk burger and offer that..our waiter was obviously new and overwhelmed with all the options.Tried the chocolate shake...it was great.  Burgers & fries were equally delish.  Charcoals is two for two.The drinks were delicious!  Omg! Good burger and loved the slap ya mama fries.  My coworker got the bblt salad and it was large and equally delicious.  The crab cake is subtle in that at first taste it seems ok then it sends the more you chew the better it gets!  Which means by the time you finish you're being for another!Just don't. I would give it less than one star if I could. The food isn't bad but it's not good. It's greasy, very greasy. We went for the happy hour special ($5 burgers and $3 draft beer). The restaurant has counter service downstairs and table service upstairs. We opted for table service. The acoustics upstairs are terrible. Don't go if you plan on conversation. We repeatedly had to seek our server's attention as he spent most of his time seated at the bar and playing on his phone. The few other guests in the dining room had the same issue. My fiance ordered coffee with dinner, which came in a stained cup. We're no strangers to coffee staining and didn't think much of it at the time. When she finished her coffee, she realized just how "stained" the cup was and wiped the inside of it. Nope. It wasn't stained; it was filthy. We asked to speak to the manager who eventually arrived at our table. He had such a cavalier attitude and simply said "yep, that's dirty. I'll take care of it" and walked away with the coffee cup. We never saw him again but the server arrived back at the table a little later with our tab. The manager took care of it alright. He took the price of the coffee off the bill; that's it! There was never an apology or any expressed concern that the restaurant is serving their product from dirty dishes. The table service is terrible and the customer service is worse. Don't waste your time, money, or risk to your health by eating at Charcoals.Such a fun place! The lower portion is for more of a Serve Yourself area and the upper portion is full service. There is also outdoor seating on the balcony.
The salmon burger and chips were delicious and fresh. My mint and chocolate ship milkshake was so satisfying and delicious. My only complaint is the bread pudding, which was a bit goopy and cold. 
Service is excellent and the people working are swamped sometimes but very efficient. The food takes a while to come out but is delicious. Thanks again!had salmon burger for takeout...delicious.....so to avoid the atmosphere problems..just take out a burger.
that is my advice.Went for lunch. Good service. I had the venison burger (medium) with slap your mama fries. Burger was tasty, slightly under cooked but very good. Would recommend for a "different" burger experience.My friend took me here yesterday and I was thoroughly underwhelmed. I don't think they know what seasoning is here, particularly salt. I ordered the buffalo burger. For a $15 burger is was completely average. Honestly- the burgers at In & Out Burger have more flavor. My buffalo burger was dry, even though I ordered it medium, and it was tasteless. I added some of my friends basil aioli to the burger which helped. The sweet potato tater tots were ok. Again- not much flavor. The fried pickles appetizer also had no flavor- I could not taste the pickle at all. The shrimp dip appetizer also had no flavor. I know I keep repeating myself but it's the truth. Also, my friend did the whole "build your own burger" thing, and they forgot 2 of the things she asked for, and they gave them to her on the side as an afterthought. How do you forget bacon & mushrooms?! Never forget the bacon. Ever! 
Check my other reviews- I mostly write 4 or 5 star reviews, so you know I'm not that picky. But there are so many great places to eat in Nola that you shouldn't waste your time here. Go across the street to Steins and get a pastrami sandwich, or to District Donuts (next to Steins) and get their sliders- SO MUCH FLAVOR at that place.In my quest to find the perfect burger. I came across the place. Not only do they have some of the most intriguing choices of meat from( Bison, elk, Antelope to Akaushi Kobe) you can build one of the most Amazing burgers how ever you want. 
The taste if the burger is amazing. I'm stamping this place as my mainstay !Who is allowing this deliciousness to exist in one of the busiest parts of town? We are!! Thank God for Gourmet burgers! Whether hanging out with friends or going on a date, this place is great for the laid back couple, the friends that love to laugh, or even the business partners after work. I've never tasted a burger with such exquisite quality: the burgers are made to order. I ordered the turkey burger well done on a wheat bread. For the life of me, I can't get past how juicy it was or even how it didn't need condiments to save the burger. I would recommend this to any of my friends or family that are looking for an upper scale version of the foods they love. Not just beef or turkey or veggie...but every burger you can think of at this place is waiting for you! It's only missing a star because of the lack of a parking lot but you should expect that since it is located on Magazine street. Enjoy!AWESOME, VERY JUICY burger and during happy hour the Beef Burger is only $5. YES, you heard me right, $5 during happy hour.  The bartender could have been more attentive but I find that female bartender's tend to hover over the guy's and not the chick's (and we're better tipper's). Whatever, still a REALLY good burger.I work down the block from this establishment so I've been waiting a long time for it to open.  Unfortunately, the wait and subsequent opening was parallel to my Star Wars Episode I experience.
Walked in Friday night to be told there would be a 35 minute wait despite the bare first floor (which isn't open for evenings yet).  Got a few drinks and partook in some conversation with friends that was probably much more clever in my head than in actuality.  After 20 minutes we were seated, not bad for a restaurant that just opened.
The menu was a bit overwhelming and the customization rivals that of a "Build-A-Bear" workshop.  Each stage of the burger making process (meat, bun, toppings, premium toppings, condiments, sides) had a multitude of choices.  The menu made it seem like you could check off what you wanted and give to the server (which I would prefer) but the waitress asked what we wanted and of course I completely forgot the long list of toppings I wanted/did not want on the spot.  I ended up with a beef patty, on a brioche bun, mozzarella, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, spicy mayo, secret sauce, and onion rings.
The food took another 20-25 minutes to come out (kitchen is probably still working out the kinks) and the onion rings were lost in the process.  The waitress was very apologetic and let me keep my fries and brought the onion rings out later.  Everything just seemed to take longer than necessary, from my friends drink order that was forgotten several times, to the empty glasses of water on the table being filled.  The burger itself was very underwhelming, I ordered it medium but it tasted somewhat dry, and the secret sauce was nothing to write home about.  The creole mustard that a friend ordered, however, was incredibly tasteful, but maybe too overpowering.  The fries were on the soggier end (hey, they were free!), but the onion rings were definitely worth the wait.  Solid bun choice as well.
I would definitely recommend waiting a little while due to the fact that most of my complaints stem from the fact that the restaurant just opened and they were just figuring out the process.  The price was off putting as well as even the simplest addition of lettuce or tomatoes costs money.  You can get better burgers at a cheaper price else where.
Pros:
Good Buns
Excellent Onion Rings
Bar
Balcony (w00t!)
House Magician 
Cons:
Slow service
High price
Better burgers elsewhere
House MagicianStopped by here for their happy hour that runs from 4-6pm. Upon arrival the first thing I noticed was the division between upstairs and downstairs. The downstairs is designated for counter service, while table service is upstairs. All of this is signified by colorful Simon-painted signs. We ate upstairs, and even though it was happy hour, only three of the thirty-something tables were filled. I'll let the reader draw their own conclusion on that one.
The service and the atmosphere were both above-average. Our waitress was quite attentive to our drinks and the food arrived at the exact moment we began to think about it arriving. We sat on the super-modern balcony and gawked at the few Mardi Gras beads that rested on the awning. Quite the journey for those little fellas. 
The food, however, was sub-par. I ordered a salad and my partner ordered a veggie burger, while her mother ordered the house burger. My salad was served in a metal dog bowl, which immediately threw me off. I'm not sure what kind of bizarre psychological experiments whoever's in charge is conducting, but something is up. Further complicating my experience with the salad was the overabundance of greens in proportion to the goodies (praline bacon, goat cheese, and roasted beets). There were maybe, just maybe, five pieces of bacon and three or four smudges of goat cheese. I guess I learned my lesson ordering a salad at a burger place, but a restaurant is a restaurant and if they're charging $11 for a salad, it should as least live up to its description. My partner's veggie burger, meanwhile, was essentially a red beans and rice patty. I get that it's a New Orleans' dish and all, but the menu doesn't say anything about red beans or rice, and for $11, it's just not worth it.
Service and atmosphere receive a thumbs up, food a thumbs down, and I gotta say, if this place ever goes under, the next restaurant to move in is going to be wildly successful. It's a brand new building that had a lot of money sunk into it. Cheers.I would give this place a 3-star for the food; however, I'll never forget our waiter. He made me laugh the whole time and then ate our receipt before we left. He was super bizarre but hysterical. There are better places to grab a burger in this city and the prices are asking a little too much for what we all received. We sat out on the balcony and the weather was overcast that day. Not too much to see around that part of magazine, but I enjoy eating outside when it's not sweltering hot.I was excited to try the kobe burger, because of all it came with- Abita root beer caramelized onions, praline coated bacon, arugala. However, all the fixings took away from the overall flavor of the meat. I would get those toppings again, but maybe on a regular burger.
They do have several meat options including antelope and salmon. It's a nice place with outdoor seating. Reasonable prices.My table shared a crab cake appetizer and I ordered it as my meal.
Probably one of the top 5 best crab cakes I have ever had and the others loved it, too.We stopped in for a quick bite and a cocktail. The burger was amazing!! Get the Kobe beef, you won't regret it. Amber Abita will wash it down like a dream. The crab cakes were to die for, but I love sea food. Great place, amazing staff, very helpful and honest. Great spot!!I love it! Its an awesome concept to begin with, the food is excellent. I love the choices of building my burgers. The place is great and I think its finding its balance and groove. I"ll return and with friends in tow. Service is improving. Salud......People are really hard on this place or are having single experiences. I've been here three times and not once was I disappointed with the service or the food. I had a slow order once because a large To Go was in front of me, but they informed me at the counter and I was okay with that.I feel bad giving only two stars, but my husband and I have tried 6 things there and only 2 were good. The first time we went the turkey burger was amazing! We didn't know what the bad reviews were for. The second time we ate there and service was fine but my bison burger was dry and whatever he got wasn't good. The most recent time I was craving a cheeseburger and he got the turkey again. This time our buns were stale and the cheeseburger just didn't satisfy that good juicy burger craving. There are just too many good places for food here. I doubt I would go again which is too bad I live close!Boudin balls and burgers!  We enjoy the variety of meats on the menu and always look for the special of the month.  I have always had a great experience with service and quality of food.  Recommend the milkshakes, too.  Adult milkshakes are an added plus!Not quite there but plenty of potential.
I think this place just needs a little more time to work the kinks out. Everyone we interacted with was very nice and I particularly enjoyed the balcony. That said, orders came out very slowly and not exactly as ordered. My burger was good, not great (the toppings could have been better executed but the house beef blend was cooked perfectly medium rare as ordered).
All in all, I think there's a good bit of room for improvement and both the ability and desire to get better. Little things, like a menu with checkoff boxes that isn't meant to be checked off or 20 minutes to get a new drink, will no doubt be ironed out soon. I look forward to returning in a month or two to enjoy Charcoal's when it's hit full stride.I don't know what the hell they were thinking with the damned layout. Apparently there's an upstairs, but it was chained off during the day (?), so we ate downstairs. It's confusing and the seating is uncomfortable--you have to park your ass on an indoor bench (like the picnic-table style benches) or bar chairs. Either way, you're going to be sitting next to a stranger (at least until people stop going here). Because when I want to spend $20 on a meal, I want to rub elbows with the wheezing geezer next to me. 
Service was non-existant because on the first floor, you have to get the burger yourself. Although they didn't write the order number on my receipt, so I had to get up and ask a few times. Whatever, mistakes happen.
The burgers are tiny and they are served on a gigantic bun, which is the equivalent of screaming, "Hah-ha! I stole your f**kin' money!" I can go to Beach Corner and order a juicy 10 oz burger with bleu cheese piled on top for $7. But you want me to pay double that for a palm-sized patty and a few toppings. Great.
Anyway, the food. I got the turkey burger, and it was good, but it wasn't $13 good. My friend made her own burger, but it was tiny, and she was done in a few bites. I did love the sweet potato tater tots, they were delicious, but they were also $4 or something, and you didn't get a lot. I'm not sure how much the drink was because I ordered a water and poured myself a diet coke, and I would gladly do it again. I recommend you do it too, because you might as well enjoy a free soda while you're getting screwed.
Charcoal will have to drop their prices by about a third if they want to appear fair. I will say that if their prices were lower, I would have rated them higher. But two burgers with two sides and a soda was $30...that's absurd.2 burgers and 2 shakes not worth the $40 price tag.....surly attitude of the counter staff...priceless!The food here is generally pretty good.  I've had the beef, venison, and antelope.  The last time I went, I brought two cousins with me.  I spoke so highly of the place while we were on our way over.  We went upstairs to get full table service.  To my horror, the waiter upstairs was sweating profusely from his face and the top of his head.  He brought us out waters and we all had the same thought which was to do anything we could to avoid drinking it.  When the waiter returned to the table, my cousins were asking for some recommendations.  As the waiter gave some pointers, he was dripping with sweat and wiping it with the back of his hand as he spoke. There was no way in the world we were about to eat anything delivered to the table by a man dripping with sweat and smelling that way also.  It was not particularly warm in the room and the kitchen is downstairs!  We made up an excuse to leave and ended up eating downstairs.I would like to start off my review with a little lesson on how a business works. When a new place opens it needs a minute to find it's groove. You can't go into a place on the first day and expect everything to be flowing like clock work. There are going to be hiccups. To go into a place on the day it opens and then rate it two stars when everything doesn't go perfectly is a little unfair in my opinion. Yes, they are going to run out of things. Yes, they are going to be a little slow. If the place has been open less than a month, please go in prepared for that.  Just putting that out there.
Today I had the delight of trying the new burger place in town: Charcoal's. As soon as I heard about the unique menu, I was in. I couldn't wait to try it out. Among some of the items besides the basic beef are antelope, elk, bison, salmon, venison and veggie.
Being the adventurous spirit I am, I decided to try the antelope burger. I got it topped with cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo on the brioche bun. You can get all kinds of fancy ingredients on it like bacon and avocado and grilled onions, but I decided to keep it simple.
The burger itself was so good. It didn't taste crazy or anything like that. It had a bit of a "gamey" taste, but nothing overwhelming. It was a really thick, juicy patty and it was cooked to perfection. The bun was soft and flavorful and really good. I got a side of sweet potato tater tots. I had never had them before, and they were obviously house made and delicious. They were almost like small sweet potato hash browns. They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. All in all, really good.
Although a little expensive, I would definitely check out Charcoal's again when I am in the mood for a special burger treat.While in town for St. Patty's Day shopping on Magazine St.,  we passed Charcoal's going one direction and after several blocks of shopping, my wife decided she really wanted to try you guys out so we made the long walk back.  I had read the article and saw the pic in the "Where Yat" paper and was intrigued.  We wanted to enjoy the weather so we went upstairs and were greeted and promptly seated at a table on the balcony.Our server was polite and friendly but not very competent as a server.  Our drink order was taken, menus handed out and the menu was explained.  Drinks came back and we ordered.  I had a "build your own Kobe burger" and my wife had a house burger (I think).  We waited for approximately 15 minutes and our waitress never came back for drink refills.  The food came approximately 20 minutes into our visit, only to find out that we had no napkins/silverware and drinks still hadn't been refilled.  The guys running the food brought drinks.  After our first few bites, we were all sitting there with grease stained hands when one of our party walked in to get napkins and order our next round of drinks.  Someone (a manager maybe) did come out and apologize and say to let her know if we need anything.  The food was ordinary at best.  The Kobe burger was a major disappointment for what I paid for it, while the sweet potato tots were good.  My wife's burger looked and tasted better than mine.  Our server did finally return and we got the check so we didn't have to wait another 20 minutes for her return.  She didn't seem at all concerned at the fact that we had to get out own napkins and refills, and seemed to be content hanging out with the hostess chatting.  I think my check was around $60ish dollars for a mediocre meal and sub-par service.  We come to New Orleans annually and after this experience, I won't return to Charcoal's if they are even there next year.Looks gourmet, but hardly tastes like it: 
The good: Sweet potato tots; Onion rings; food is portioned well and filling; swift service/order placement; friendly upstairs staff; lots of room upstairs and pretty cool patio deck/terrace. 
The bad: We were told the chips were not homemade any longer. The chips come with all burgers ($9-15) but you must pay extra for french fries. Yes - POTATOES that are fried cost extra with a signature American dish that has been coming with a side of fries for 200 hundred years, but this place believes they should change that standard. Would you rather onion rings? Pay an additional $3.00.
The ugly: Charcoal's is apparently named after a family dog and conveniently has nothing to do with how the burgers are made. I am pretty sure these were gas flame fed, which isn't great for the large variety of meats Charcoal's does offer. That said, I tried the salmon burger which looked great but was sadly bland. This could use some more seasoning and less lagniappe (cucumber, tomato, egg, guac, spicy mayo). Combined with salmon, this burger should have too many flavors going on, but to be honest you can barely taste anything. At $13 + $1.50 to $3.00 substitute (fries or onion rings respectively) our tab came to $50 for 2 burgers, with 2 substituted sides, and 2 Abita draft beers. 
I know rent on Magazine is going up and businesses are fighting like hell to keep corporate giants out, but the price model has to change (or something more given to customers) to justify this. Customers are probably really paying for the rent/real estate here, because the ingredients hardly justify the cost, especially for brunch on a Sunday.Hands down, this was the best Turkey Burger I have ever had.  Juicy, flavorful, wonderful.  The service was great too.  I will definitely be back again to try something else new!Today was bad experience #3 at Charcoal's. I'm very disappointed because the first few times I went it was fantastic and would have rated 5 stars. 
The good:
 - the location
- the building
- the staff are all great.  Always helpful and always polite. 
The bad: 
Experience #1: I brought friends from out of town.  We ordered regular burgers, all medium.  Two came out extra well (like hockey pucks) and one came out rare.
Experience #2: again with out of town guests.  Four burgers ordered this time and all came out rare regardless of how we requested they be cooked. 
Experience #3: I stopped by alone for lunch today.  I ordered the Elk burger medium well.  It came to me extra rare.  I love rare steaks as well as steak tartare, but I do not like ground meats warm and rare. The texture of warm, uncooked ground meat is unpleasant to me which is why I always request medium or medium well, depending upon the meat.
I'm not the type to pitch hissy fits and demand free food.  However, I will point out the problems to the servers and ask that they share the info with the manager, cook, and/or chef.  So, three times in a row, I have shared this info at the restaurant, yet the past three times I've been unable to get a burger cooked as requested.
Sorry guys. Three strikes.
UPDATE: I am going to bump this review from 2 stars to 3 stars based upon the response from the restaurant.  They contacted me quickly and it is obvious they care a great deal about customer experience and the quality of their food.  We have communicated through emails, I have provided them the specifics on my visit, and I truly believe they are going to make any necessary adjustments to ensure the kitchen resolves this problem.  I won't scratch them off my list permanently yet, but I'll give them a little time to address the issue before my next visit.  As I said, in the past every meal I had was very good, so if this is resolved it will go back to being a 5 star review from me.The reviews on this place are too harsh. Yes, it is a bit pricey for a burger, but you definitely get what you pay for. These are high quality burgers. 
I read the reviews saying the service was poor, so I chose to dine downstairs, where you can order at the counter and dine bar-style. The staff was friendly, and the food came out quickly. I guess maybe they worked out the growing pains other people complained about which are typical for a new restaurant. 
I had the Venison burger, which was damn good. $13 is a lot for a burger, but what I ate was worth $13, so I was satisfied. The meat was lean (unlike the overly greasy mess you find at the place somehow rated best burger in New Orleans) and savory, the toppings rich, and the bun warm and sweet. It also came with house-made chips, which were outstanding. The roasted vegetables were also really tasty. 
So don't believe the naysayers; this place is solid.Insanely over-priced but diverse quality burgers & sides.
Dining out is more than just the food. It is the environment, service, and cost. While the restaurant excelled in the first three, the cost made me spit out my food.
$13 for a basic dressed burger? $5 for fries? Who in the world do you think you are?!  $10 cocktails?
Drop the process to under $10 and price the sides more reasonably. Until then, your prices are offensively high and a disservice to your tasty offerings.
*****
I have since gone back to look up the exact price of my table's meal before taxes & tip. You can find them below.
I have increases my score from 2 to 3 stars. As I said, the quality of the food was great as was the service. The price on many items, however, still seems 20-25% too high for a burger joint, not matter how high quality the ingredients or homemade the food.
I felt the same way about Richard Blais' Flip in Atlanta, a "burger boutique", which charges less but for burgers far smaller.
$6: Fried pickles
$7: Guac & chips
$9: Jalapeño Margarita
$13: Elk burger
$4: sweet potato tator totsPeople really need to relax about this place.  From what I hear they opened a few months ago, sometime mid February. Perfection takes time, it's an art form to be practiced.
We stopped by for dinner, I had the health nut salad which was delicious & my bearded friend ordered an antelope burger. He liked it, I liked it and our server Martin was great.
They were pretty slow when we went, but I love when servers spend some time talking to you. He definitely did that. (Hi Martin!) I have no complaints but you should definitely try their chips, comes on the side of every burger I believe. I stole my boy's. Delicious! Sweet potato, purple, & Idaho. Going to go back soon & try the sweet potato tots. 
They also have a really great ambience going, they've named their place after the owner's dog and my salad was served in a dog bowl. :)Helpful, friendly young lady took my order.. root beer on tap in frosted mug. Bar style seating they yell your ticket number out which is kind of diner-ish. The super friendly manager Stacy stopped and chatted with me. I ordered a turkey burger with sweet potato tots and it came with chips. Everything is so fresh!Charcoal's offers unique meat choices and serves up a very tasty burger.
I normally wait to visit a new establishment for a few weeks to give them time to work out the kinks. I don't think it is fair to the business to review a place in its first few days without cutting them some slack for sow service, or menu shortages. I lucked out on my visit a week or so after they first opened and had a great experience.
I drive past the intersection of Jackson and Magazine quite frequently and have been curious about what the new building was going to be for several months. I drove by on opening day, but didn't go in because I hadn't heard anything about it. After my first visit, I know I will be back.
I was surprised at the different meat choices. There were several exotic game burgers along with their house bend ground beef. I was feeling adventurous so I decided on the antelope with cheddar. The burger was cooked perfectly. It was juicy and did not taste as odd as I would have expected antelope to taste. I guess I had no clue what to expect, but it was very good. The burger came with a side of homemade chips which were similar in style to plain Zapp's. I think I will upgrade to tots or fries on my next visit.
I was surprised at how friendly and efficient the staff were. I came in early to beat the lunch rush which I would recommend to others. At 11:00 a.m., there was no line and several open seats.
While I did really enjoy the food, I have a couple of slight issues. The first is that it was more expensive than I would have expected. With cheese and sauteed onions my burger, chips and drink ended up around $15. While not super expensive, some friends went another day and had a bill of close to $80 including alcohol. The other slight issue is the seating situation. Most of the seats were either bar style seating or at picnic tables. I am a friendly guy, but I prefer sitting at an actual table separate from those I don't know. Since I came early I was able to snag that table, but if I had waited I don't think I would have been able to.
In summary, I really enjoyed the food and service at Charcoal's. I suspect they will become one of my regular lunch spots.Last Saturday night, I found myself craving a delicious burger. One I can take home and devoure. 
Charcoal Gourmet Burger Bar was the first place that popped in my head. 
Shamsher, Thomas, Zack, and John really made my experience a top 10. They were very inviting, helpful, engaged, welcoming, and truly sincere. 
The icing on the cake was when  I got home and bit into my burger.
The burger was unbelievable! Deciduous! Every thing they recommended was a slam dunk!
I'm looking forward to my next visit. In the meantime- I'm telling all my friends about this place (:This place is pretty good, but nothing that special. I've definitely been to other burger joints that have more exotic and interesting burger and topping combinations, but I gotta say that you will always get a good quality patty cooked however you like it. Try the seasoned fries as well - they have a nice kick!Burgers are excellent here! The restaurant has two ways to enjoy their burgers, counter service downstairs for a quick bit or full service upstairs to take your time. We had a large group and everyone tried something different. All burgers were phenomenal. Sides are nothing phenomenal but again the main attraction is the burger selection.I'm sure you don't give a shit about my love for hamburgers and rubens, but I sure do! Steins has the best ruben, and I was hoping this brand new restaurant would have the best burger in town. The best burger. I'm talking Shake Shack worthy... Nope. I don't feel like telling everyone my entire boring lunch experience, or write a creepy, longwinded insane review like ol' Paul R. did, so I'll give you the highlights and lowlights. Most importantly, I hope the decision makers of this place that cost a fortune to build out are reading these reviews and taking them to heart, because most of them are spot on (and saying the same things). 
The only way this place is going to keep people coming back is if they keep it simple and affordable. No one gives a shit about building a burger. It's overwhelming, confusing, gimicky, and frankly, pointless. Give me 15 options to pick from and take it from there. Wouldn't that make creating pars and keeping a low inventory much easier? I spent $30 on two burgers and sweet potato fries, and two iced teas. Mind you, for that same $30 I could get a 3 course pre-fixe at August during their lunch happy hour. This is the big leagues, so give me something worth my money. You're overpriced and not worth it.
The elk burger I got wasn't bad. It was much too small for the bun, but the burger itself was a good size. The bun was too way too big for the patty, and made the entire meal underwhelming. The bun ruined it for me.
My beautiful girlfriend had the veggie burger, and I can say without a doubt it was awful. It was just red beans and rice, with what? Egg as a binder? Was that cumin? yuck. She couldn't even eat half of it. It was laughable it was so bad. Red beans and rice? Come on guys! Get creative or spend 5 minutes online to find a veggie burger worth eating. That. Was. Disgusting.
Sweet potato tater tots were really good, props on that. And sweet tea! You're giving yourselves away that you're not local, but I really miss sweet tea in this town and glad you have it. Too bad its not worth me coming back for.
In the end I won't be coming back, because simply, I don't have a reason to. Expensive food that isn't unique, delicious, or exciting. Make it cheaper for what you're selling and I'm in. Make a better product and keep the same prices and I'm in. You're trying to pay for your 2 million dollar buildout, I get it, but it's not blowing people away. There are too many options in this town, on that street, for me to spend my money at a place that isn't worth it.
Good luck boys, I wish you the best!Food not prepared competently.  The cook didn't know how to cook.  I ordered mine medium well and M. ordered hers medium.  Mine was way undercooked.  They both looked the same.  Portion size of onion rings is very small.  Paid either 10 or 12$ for shrimp appetizer and the shrimp and the bacon were half raw.  Good concept but managers and owners need to supervise.Wow. Just wow.  We stopped by for a quick burger (on Aug. 17, 2013) because we had coupons for a free milkshake with the purchase of a gourmet burger. The place was in no way busy, but it was lunch time, so understandable.  We waited 10 minutes before someone (the host?) came and brought us water -- another 5 for the waitress to come by for the first time.  There were a few tables of people in the restaurant, but looking at their faces we could tell that they were not happy.  Many of them confronted the waitress and voiced their complaints for everyone to hear.  As they left, the tables were never cleaned off and the dirty dishes remained until we left.
It took another 15 minutes for our milkshakes to arrive.  After waiting 30 minutes we began to wonder what was going on here and where our waitress was. You'd think she'd stop by to check on us, ask if we needed anything or explain what was taking so long. After another 10 minutes she brought some more water for us.  We waited another 10 minutes and decided to leave. I unwillingly left money for the milkshakes and we walked out the door.  I would be shocked if this place doesn't close in the next couple months. I'm betting mid-October it will be over. 
I don't want to hear that it takes 30 minutes to make a gourmet burger. It takes less than 10, let's be real.My first review! My wife and I went a few days after the grand opening. Although they were sold out of a few things the selection was excellent. The food took a little longer than it should have but considering the restaurant had just opened it was a non issue. Some of the reviews are unfair. You can't go to a restaurant when it first opens and expect everything to be absolutely perfect. If that is what you expect you should not go to a brand new restaurant. Overall the food was very good. The sweet potato tots were da bomb. The bartender,Jeff was excellent. We both really enjoyed the conversation.Cool place away from downtown located in a quaint neighborhood with antique and gift shops nearby.  Different types of specialty burgers to choose from (Kobe beef, venison, buffalo, elk...).  I had a salmon burger (good) and a peanut butter milkshake (awesome).
Overall an enjoyable place.2nd time there and the last. Sucks because it is right by my house. Service was horrible!Our first and last visit was yesterday.  I expected more for $40.00 spent on burgers and fries for a family of 3.  We went during their "happy hour" and the $11.00 house burger was half off, but because my daughter only wanted lettuce & ketchup, the cashier charged us $9.00.  When I questioned her about it and explained that it didn't make sense that we were being charged more $$ for less, her snippy response was well that's the way I was told to ring it up and I don't make the prices.  However, she told us when we were ordering that if we wanted to take some things off or make some adjustments to the burger, that would be fine.  Our food came out cold and dry after close to 40 minutes of waiting even though we were the only customers downstairs.  It's really not the issue of the $3.50, I had an issue with her response & lack of good customer service.1 hour for food to make it to table. Tables at 50% capacity. 1 waitress for all tables. Too many tables for waitress.
Wife's burger cooked medium; mine cooked well done. Should have been vice versa. Chopped Salad delivered to table when it should have been Health Nut salad.
30 minutes without any attention at table. 
Entire meal comped by restaurant. Not our intent whenever dining out.Second time. Raw AGAIN! Worst part was it was for a child. I want to like this place I really do but I won't be returning with price tag that leaves one feeling anything but "happy" at happy hour it's not acceptable to serve raw meat on stale buns.Piss poor service. We ordered and paid and then learned from the patrons that we would surely be waiting one hour for our burgers!!! Manager and cashier were unapologetic but did give us our greasy chips as starters! Will never come back no matter how good the burgers!!!! Boo! Hiss!Yes yes yes!  Get yourself a quality burger with quality topings!  Elk burgers, venison, kobe...they have it all and it melts in your mouth!  I highly suggest the sweet potato tater tots and Joe as your server!  He was AMAZEBALLS!!!!I entered, ordered, and was served a pretty standard hamburger.  It was a little over-cooked and the fries were a little soggy, but all the components were there:  meat, cheese, bun, etc. etc.  It was a hamburger, just as I expected.
Although we live in the so-called "Golden Age" of upscale fast food - and I know all about paying twelve dollars for a hamburger - to get a pretty standard, average burger at this price point leaves me a little cold.  If I pay as much as I did for this burger, it better sing, baby.  
There is a Wendy's across town where you can get an average hamburger for about a dollar.  
Just saying.Tried multiple times eating here. Customer service is severely lacking here. First time I went in guy behind the counter was extremely rude so I left. Today tried calling in an order Togo and was told that the manager wasn't letting them take phone orders. Seems like they really just don't care about making customers happy.Had a great time sitting on the balcony enjoying a quiet evenings breeze. Home preseason Saint's game had all its fans inside leaving the entire balcony to myself. Had the Coolinary Event dinner and chose the grilled seasonal vegetables (delicious and healthy) than the Kobe burger ( a mixture of sweet and salty greasy goodness) than had chef's choice dessert - vanilla ice cream chocolate pie (brought back reminisce of my own mom's pies). All in all a grand evening.Great burger place!  I do not eat meat but there are plenty of options for me.  My favorite is the salmon burger!  yum yum yum...We ate here twice while in town a few weeks back. The house we were staying in was just down the street, so when hunger hit and the lines were too long at the deli across the way, we found ourselves here. 
The restaurant is split into two zones. The first floor, which is a more casual counter service and the second floor, a table service kind of area. We ate at both over the two visits. 
One rub I heard from local friends and felt myself, is the buildout of the space. The materials used give a polished almost chain produced feel and doesn't lend much character to the space, which just about every other eatery in the area has tons of. It almost subconsciously sets you up with a feeling of unease while coming in for a bite because you're so used to walking into an old worn out building with weathered floors and warm woods, instead finding stainless steel and polished concrete. They do make a good attempt of incorporating NOLA into their decor though by having dozens of signs and works from local artist Simon Hardeveld strewn about the space. 
We had breakfast downstairs in the counter service area and it was great. I ordered a simple two eggs, bacon toast and other staples style plate and everything came out quick and good. A plus of the downstairs seating is much of it sits you looking out to the street for great people watching. Lunch, another visit, was upstairs in the table service seating. Their main attraction is the wide range of burgers on their menu. They offer multiple meats beyond beef, including wild game and plenty of topping options to make your burger your own. The regular beef burger I ordered was good enough, but for a place that focuses on burgers burgers burgers, I wasn't blown away. 
Service upstairs was great. Our server was very friendly, chatted us up and made sure our food came out as quickly as possible. 
All in all, I liked it better for breakfast downstairs than the table service burger house upstairs. It's worth a visit if you're looking for something easy, especially if you're an exotic burger hunter.I'll keep this brief for the quick readers.
The facility is clean. Customer service is astounding! Food is absolutely worth the drive no matter how far you are traveling from! A NOLA MUST VISIT SPOT!
Now for the juicy bits of the review.
For starters, you can choose EXACTLY how you want your burger! Toppings, style of bun, and how cooked your meat can be! The process is made extremely simple as well. 
Personal note: I've been there three days in a row. That should give you an idea of how EXCELLENT this establishment is.I agree with Yelp, this place is a solid three. Maybe three and a half??
Had guests visiting over TG and they suggested Charcoal's for dinner. Being a gaggle of vegetarians, that piqued our interest. 
The place looks amazing. Clean, lots of wood and cement but still comfy and some really good art. We arrived to the empty dining room for a table for 9 and were offered a couple of options. My husband and I were the first to arrive and we got cheese fries and drinks. I had a bit of a low blood sugar and we asked for orange juice, and it was a cocktail pour, rather than a full glass, so that was weird but fine. Cheese fries took so long that we asked if our server had remembered to put them in - she had. And this is pretty much how it went - the kitchen was just sooooooo slow. Now, the downstairs is for takeout and the upstairs is dining - I don't know if there are separate kitchens handling those two offerings but there can't be. Not with how slow food was. 
The vegetarian offerings were outstanding - particularly on the build your own burger menu. They only had four copies so there was a very involved process of filling out the menu in different colored inks, but from what I saw everyone's food came out exactly as ordered so HOORAY!! Towards the end of our meal I saw more BYO menus being brought to another table so they must've printed up or found more. 
We all had to eat our burgers with knife and fork. I had the salmon burger from the recommended menu, and it was woefully under-seasoned. The fried egg on it was perfect. My husband had the shrimp burger from the same menu and said his was drastically salty. So there's that. Onion rings were on the sweet side, sweet potato tots were a bit too big to cook all the way through (I tried to give mine away but no one really wanted them) and fries were perfect. Stick with the fries. Sadly, no one got the chips. 
Service was really good. Our waitress was bartender and server that evening and seemed to not get overwhelmed with our big party and the other two two tops that came in. But our dinner took over two hours and most of that was spent waiting for food. With kids in tow, that was just too long, and that's always too long for food that was just okay. Next time, as the locals, we'll speak up when guests pick a spot, but we were excited to try a new place. I think if I was needing food and down on that end of Mag I'd go in again, but I'd do the BYO menu and ask for salt.We have done this place multiple times. Nothing ever stands out. The concept is great. Pick a bun, pick a meat, pick your toppings, etc. It just Phil's did it years ago and executes it better with out the pretense. I recommend the deer on a brioche bun. The other meats I tried came out dry. They have some nice toppings and the shakes are worth a try. Not a bad place it just doesn't separate itself to a top burger joint.So great! Drinks were a bit pricey but the sweet potato tots and Cobb salad were wonderful! They have over ten types of gourmet burgers to try. Cute outdoor seating on Magazine St. Go check it out!We waited for over 45 min for our food. Service is really slow and not so friendly. Wouldn't recommend.Cutest place to grab a burger!
Praline bacon! Fab boudin balls appetizer! Expansive protein selections! 
Service was great too! Patio would prob be awesome on a nice day- drop in for lunch & try it out!Although SO many options, this place is just OK. Where to start....
bison, 
venison, 
kobe, 
shrimp, 
salmon, 
turkey, 
veggie, 
elk and so on. 
These are some, that's right, some of the burger options. This was the most convenient/casual place to dine in the area before our tour started. We didn't want anything sweet so district donuts was out (sadly, because they looked amazing). The art on the walls was unique, bright- bold colors and very inviting. We approached the counter and the woman at the register gave us the run-down of how the restaurant worked: casual dining at the counter downstairs or sit down/wait staff service upstairs with balcony seating. Since we were in a slight rush, we sat downstairs at the counter.
After an overview of the menu, we opted to build our own burger and oddly enough felt fancy to go for the ordinary house beef burger (see what I did there?). We generally like our beef cooked medium, but it came out borderline done. A hint of juiciness lingered, which made it palatable. Toppings: lettuce, ketchup, mayo, creole mustard, pepper jack cheese, jalapenos on a Hawaiian sweet bun topped with an order of Slap Ya Mama fries to share. It worked out nicely to share the entire meal because we wanted to save room for a larger meal later in the evening. We washed everything down with 2 for 1 ritas to celebrate Cinco De Mayo. 
Overall, the service was good; the ambience was cool, but I can't say this is a restaurant I'd keep on my bookmarked or favorites list. The seasoning on the fries were pretty good and the burger was pretty good, but all in all nothing to write home to mom about.I am not sure why this place seems to be getting a bad rap. It is a little on the pricey side I suppose, but it was well worth it. I got the venison burger cooked rare and it was pretty darned close to the best one I have ever had anywhere. Also, we got a side of the boudin balls; which were also quite good. While it might not be typical "New Orleans" fare, the food here was awesome and the service was great. I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you like funky burgers and are in the area.Went here during a Mardi Gras and was not disappointed. The milkshakes are stacked with awesomeness, I preferred the strawberry. I accompanied that with the elk burger and chili cheese fries. All were severed as asked for.
We dined on the downstairs level but there is an upstairs level, we didn't explore it. The downstairs have huge glass windows with turn stools that face the windows granting a view of the area.Not a bad burger.  I've eaten here a few times and I've tried several of the burgers here.  They are decent burgers; a little pricey for what you're getting but that just seems to be how it is nowadays.
I've had the beef, bison, and the venison burger.  The bison was my favorite of the three.  The beef burger is pretty good; nothing to tout about but it's a respectable burger.
The venison burger just wasn't that good at all.  It was very dry and honestly didn't have much flavor.
It's worth going to if you're in Lower Garden and don't want anything fast food, but I wouldn't go searching for it.
The the praline bacon if they have it!Don't get me wrong, I do frequent this burger bar. It's close proximity to my home so I can walk there or if its less than favorable outside Food Delivery NOLA picks up from there. I've brought numberous friends/family to this restaurant but my recent experience was less than favorable. 
I arrived a little before halftime of the Saints game (about 1:19pm), just me, and was seated promptly outisde upon request which was awesome. It took a while to be greeted by the server, she brought water and took my drink order then kept forgetting it. When she finally did come back with the coke & to take my food order we went through the Build Your Own option and away she went. I thought all was well until 1:34pm when she came back asking if she had taken my order already, and apologized for misplacing it. So I re-ordered and off she went. 30 minutes later a burger came out but it was not the BYO I ordered so she took it back. Maybe 3 minutes later she brought back what looked like the exact same burger sans the unwanted toppings and replated. There was still mayo residue on the lettuce. 
Sadly the kobe beef was overdone as well :(
After I finished eating, I placed the finished plate at the end of the table and waited about 10-15 minutes before asking another server for a box and my check as I had felt very ignored by the waitress - she passed by quite a few times and stopped at the neighboring tables but continued past mine despite the empty plate ready for bussing.  
I told the waitress it seemed like she was having a rough day, and her response was that 4 tables were seated at the same time. One of her other tables had gotten so frustrated with the service that a patron made a bit of a scene and the entire group left. 
Maybe it was just a bad day for her; NFL sunday, gorgeous weather & halloween weekend... I may just have to stick to week day visits.My friend and I tried this burger bar for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was empty when we arrived (we were the only customers) but it picked up as time went on. There is a really cool and relaxed atmosphere and great food. I had the buffalo burger with the Sweet Potato Tator Tots (which were amazing BTW). My friend had the regular beef burger which was also good. Also, try the chilli cheese fries as an appetizer. Wait staff was great also, very friendly. I would definitely recommend trying this restaurant/hamburger bar out!Great burgers and friendly staff. Kind of pricey and a bit of a wait for the food but no major complaints.Let me start by saying we never ate here.
6 friends of mine walked in to downstairs thinking we could order and sit at the 5 million chairs along bar like tables  they have lining the wall plus two picnic tables, but nope. They said downstairs is only for takeout. Here all these tables and all these people that want to eat there and nope, no food for you. It was pretty confusing. In addition before we got kicked out, they were out of half of the ingredients. After reading all the reviews, doubt I'll go check it out again. It's unfortunate too bc out of the party of 6+ people I was with I was the only one willing to go back after getting booted out of the "take out" area.Overpriced, under flavored, slow service, warm beer, cold fries, surly waiter.  What a waste of money. Never again,  stay away.I really should have payed more attention to the bad reviews on this place because my experience was just as poor as everyone else. I ordered the bison burger and proceeded to get nickel and dimed to death on toppings. Then I chose fries rather than the free chips that I didn't know were free due to the small print. My order took 45 minutes before it was ready. My friend complained and he was given a free dose of grease via the chips that were nothing to write home about. They are of a potato medley though the only ones out the medley that are decent were the sweet potato chips. When I finally got my burger it was good though you couldn't tell it was bison. I had my suspicion as to if it was actually bison due to the light color of the meat when bison has a much darker color. I have eaten many a bison burger from Ted's Montana Grill and you can tell when you get bison over beef there. The meat also didn't have that little hint on tang that bison normally has. The so called slap ya mamma fries were tasteless at its name, I had to dip them into a hot sauced mixed ketchup to provide any spice. Overall the bad reviews are true and its best to just stay away from this place. The only good thing that has changed since the early reviews is that at least for me and from what I saw the patty is much bigger than some I've seen posted on here. If your in the area go to the District or Stein's across the street. UPDATE: "WHERE IS MY APOLOGY?"This place is average at best.  The list of burger options looks impressive, but building an interesting burger gets expensive quickly because they all add to the price.  Even the interesting meats (e.g. elk and antelope) are blended with a significant amount of beef.
The burger itself was nothing special.  Go a little further uptown to Company Burger for the best burger in town.  You're only about two miles away.This place was good not great. I did the build your own burger and it was excellent. But service was extremely slow. It took almost two hours from start to finish for two burgers. We ate outside and it was really pleasant. Our waitress was nice but really scattered and seemed averse to writing things down as she had to come confirm with us on a few different aspects of our order. The bathroom was a horror movie. Super dirty, overflowing trash cans and no TP in any of the stalls. Really surprising for this place as they'd only opened a few hours earlier which leads me to think that no one cleaned it the day before like at all. Like I sad good but not great unfortunately.I have been here twice now and have left both times with the same disappointed feeling. Why after the first time did I choose to return? I couldn't tell you. The first time I went i placed a to go order and sat for nearly 30 minutes waiting, at about 4:00 in the afternoon. The burger was good, but definitely not worth the $20 or the wait. The second time, I went with a couple friends hoping for a better experience but boy was I wrong.  We again sat and waited, too long, for what was sure to be a delicious gourmet burger, right? Wrong. Firstly, we all ordered one after the other at the counter downstairs but it took about 5 minutes if not more in between each of our burgers coming.  Second, when they finally did come, they were overdone. Even after sending one back, it came back overdone...again. I also ordered onion rings, which I were also pretty poor.  
If you're looking for a good satisfying burger, make it at home, or go to The Company Burger uptown.The Kobe burger was 100% perfect.  Best burger I've ever had in my life, and was worth every millipenny.  I can't imagine someone regretting this burger, and this place deserves far more than 3 stars.