I LOVE this place!  Every single thing I've had here is good and FRESH.  They do take a little longer than a grab and go, but thats what fresh requires.  Staff is very friendly and the decor is beautiful.
The owner's take pride in their place and it shows.  
CAUTION: You will become addicted LOL.there is hope if only they would only have a dining room manager with overall oversite to keep things moving. the staff is too busy to see what is needed next leaving guests frustrated waiting for tables, beverage refills, meals, checks and change. glad to see them so busy but that can wain if service is not a top priority. food is incredible!First off I'm a trained chef went to this hyped up breakfast spot strictly out of curiosity. After an extremely long wait to be seated as usual, your told 15minutes that could easily turn into an hour and that's just the appetizer. My girlfriend and I are finally  seated, and I notice the waitress is giving my girlfriend plenty of eye contact as we place our order and giving me very little to none  like I was  a freakin ghost very unprofessional and I'm thinking" what's up with that" this is the first course. Right now already not feeling this place. Anyway, I ordered the jerk wings with the waffles. HORRIBLE ass salty caked on jerk like paste they use for the wings the waffles were good but those wings could've found more of a home in the trash. That was the icing on the cake for me. Had to even ask for more napkins from the waitress as she proceeded to look as she was rationing them out. They give you one silly paper napkin and I guess that supposed to hold you. At the end of our luxurious meal I told the waitress the wings are way too salty, she looked disappointed as if she personally made them. She asked if I wanted something else "right know I'm really disgusted " I said no just bring the check. My girlfriend said she would take them and maybe scrape some of the brine off they should be okay.What ever.... The waitress still looking like she was very disappointed. Oh well.... I see why Gordon Ramsey stays so angry at some of these restaurants. Because they really don't know what they are doing.If people are so hyped about this place I want to know what they are ordering please post. Maybe the cook didn't feel like cooking today. Or I should've ordered water and lemon as the main course.Love this place! Cinnamon swirl pancakes are amazing. Great addition to CH. employees are super sweet and always nice to my toddler. The service is a little slow at times but I appreciate the care and thoughtfulness that goes into my order and into the service. I always come here when I want a real breakfast with a side of kindness.Just dined there for the first time this week.  Overall - GREAT menu options and it was really difficult to pick just one (good thing there was a group of us and we could sample each other's plates!).  Welcoming atmosphere, and even for a weekday morning, it was crowded!  The only hiccup would be to make sure you have time to sit and relax when dining here - it did take a little bit of time between ordering the food and it coming out to the table!  Overall though, our group enjoyed our yummy breakfasts and the overall vibe!  We plan on going back!They serve breakfast all day with lunch options in the afternoon.  The staff is really friendly.  There is not very much space so best to get there early before it fills up.Had a delicious experience. My Shrimp and Grits were good with eggs. As savory as in Atlanta,  Georgia. Plenty of food. Our waitress was quite nice and accommodating. Called in for a reservation and we were able to be seated with less than a 5 minute wait because I could not stand long. Appreciated the accomindations.Absolutely the perfect breakfast place..
Food is delicious, reasonable prices and cute atmosphere..The food is delicious...no question. I arrived at 9:00 AM on a Sunday morning and the charming, intimate space was already filled. I was promptly greeted by a server and within 10 minutes was seated at a table for a party of three.  A patron recommended the whiting with cornbread and grits, which my cousin had, and she was not disappointed! I had the sampler, which was pure breakfast decadence. Imagine one red velvet waffle, a piece of stuffed French toast and a cinnamon pancake with a turkey scrapple side. It is a super busy place and reservations are accepted if you want to guarantee seating quickly. Do not plan on lingering over breakfast during the weekend! Be ready to eat and make way for the guests who arrive every five minutes. The husband and wife owners are phenom chefs and I will be back!So nice to have a great (and yet reasonable) breakfast place in Chestnut Hill! Great gluten-free options (buckwheat pancakes and waffles) and exceptional eggs and bacon. My husband said his scrambled were cooked perfectly, as was the bacon. Loved my buckwheat pancakes (do wish they could put fruit in them) and turkey sausage! Our waiter (Gus) was Awesome, both pleasant and attentive. Be forewarned - there probably will be a wait. Always is when a place is good!We had breakfast here on Sunday.  I'm giving 3 stars because of the wait time.  People waiting in line said "it's worth the wait."  I agree with previous customer reviews, no food is worth a 90 minute wait.  They had no idea how long the wait was going to be but told everyone putting their name in 30 minutes. At 1:15 they told people who had been in line for a hour or more that they were not going to be served since the restaurant closes at 2P.  As you might suspect people were upset.  We were one of the lucky group who got seated. The wait staff were very nice it took sometime to get beverages after we were seated then a few more minutes before our waitress took our order. Our food was served relatively quick considering the wait time for a table. 
The food was hot and enjoyable. One plate was served poorly, the shrimp & grits was on a plate that was too small. All in all I would not wait 90 minutes for a table at any restaurant despite the food being good.  I hope they get their wait time worked out or they will not have a location in CH. Good luck!Very attractive please! Well decorated. They have a breakfast menu with some Southern items. Be sure to try the grits and shrimp! They also make salads - the Israeli  salad is awesome!Went to the Breakfast Boutique yesterday and I was a bit leery because of a few negative reviews. My experience, however was outstanding. On a Saturday afternoon, there was a bit of a wait (about 25 minutes) but this was expected-Saturday afternoon is prime brunch time. When my party of 2 was seated, our drink orders were taken promptly. We both had the bottomless coffee which was refilled (and asked to be refilled) more times than I could count. The food was cooked to order and delicious! So good that we sat and ordered more food! The staff were courteous and a we tipped our server 50% of our bill because we had such a lovely time. I think the owners have been reading reviews. Kudos to them for responding. I can't wait to returnHad the opportunity to eat here on October 11th... seated immediately...service was great (Gustavo) 
The food was just OK... I sent my eggs back due to no cheese that I ordered..2.50 for cheese smh... the pancakes to me were terrible..awful.. heavy..it appears as though they use oil & not butter & they were sprinkled with powdered sugar (no-no) another family ordered waffles & sent them back...
The fish & grits were tasty... I will not go back but I do wish them continued success...There was a hair in our food (no big deal, it happens). Waitress was super apologetic and handled it well. I was willing to just pick it off but she insisted as she should to replace it. Turned out the hair was practically weaved into the topping so it certainly did not just fall off at the table. It must have come from the kitchen. Manager was the total opposite of the waitress. He came out and said is it possible that the hair is yours?
A - this shouldn't be asked
B - no it's not bc it wasn't just sitting on top
Manager actually RETURNED TO THE TABLE with a PIECE OF HAIR to show to us that it maybe could have been ours because it was a similar color.
Waitress was great. Food was good. Manager is rude and has no people skills. Won't be returningA fantastic addition to Chestnut Hill! We wanted to try even though some reviews were somewhat concerning. It seems since those reviews were written, management made some significant changes.
First, the food is tasty and portions are large. In our party we had some basic eggs and bacon, home fries, etc. Then also a salmon cake, hominy grits, and jerk chicken and waffles.
All were delicious. If any suggestion, a little lighter on the salt in the jerk seasoning. Other than that, we were very pleased with all the flavors.
Regarding service, we got in, got coffee quick, placed an order, and had a short wait until our food arrived. The place was packed, people waiting inside, and even out on the sidewalk. If you want a quick breakfast sandwich, maybe head elsewhere. If you have a couple minutes to wait for great food - you'll appreciate this place.I ordered scrambled eggs, bacon and quinoa potato hash (significantly more potato than quinoa). I tasted the hash first. It was cold and was crunchy due to the ice crystals. I sent the food back and a warm plate returned in which my bacon was smaller and more bacon fat was on my plate than before. Microwaved? I've dined in, as well as had take-out from the Ogontz location and have had food delivered from the Broad Street location and have always been extremely satisfied with the food. This meal completely missed the mark. Additionally, I obviously was not as attentive to reading the menu because the hash added $2.50 to my overall meal purchase of $8.50. Clearly not worth the price.The breakfast of French toast consisted of three large pieces of actual French sliced bread. It was very moist, very tasty. Really it was enough to share. My partner had fried whiting which he really enjoyed as well. 
The servers are so sweet. The decor is cute and cozy. Sundays are very busy. Nice spot, great prices.Cute little breakfast place. If you don't get there early, you'll end up waiting (a while).  But we got there about a half hour after opening and there were plenty of open tables.  The staff was super friendly and attentive.  It was really nice being at a family run place where everyone shared the work load (whoever was walking by at any given time would help you with whatever you needed). 
Food was Excellent.  We got the eggs Florentine and the boutique skillet.  Both were delicious.  Overall just a nice environment and I love supporting locally/family owned and run businesses.This is a nicely decorated restaurant. The atmosphere is nice! I met my friend for a late breakfast ( 9:30). The place was hopping! We got a seat within 5 minutes. The menu is amazing-- everything from eggs to pancakes to French toast to pancakes plus so much more. Both my friend and I ordered the Boutique Frittata. I was a little worried that it was taking some time but when our frittatas arrived it was obvious that they were made from scratch. As a cook it took just about what I would have expected time wise. ( might suggest the waiter tells everyone that when ordering something that might take a while). On to the waiter--- he was one of the most pleasant and respectful people I have met in a while. Our coffee cups were never cold or empty. I would definitely return to try many more items on the menu. Also reasonably priced!Great food! Love the atmosphere, a bit small but it fits the "boutique" theme. The host, waiter and waitresses are all nice and pleasant. Service was a bit slow but understandably so, they were very busy. Black owned , will be back soon.This little place is very pretty inside, and the staff were friendly. The food was not special even though the menu looked interesting. I got a waffle which had no decorations and just cut-up pieces of banana on it. No butter was served with the waffle. My friend got an interesting mound of eggs and some ham which looked skimpy in the middle of an otherwise empty plate. My iced tea was served without sugar or sweetener. When I asked for some, I was handed two Equals (no container of choices), and my friend had to make a separate request for sugar. He received a container with a spoon in it. He asked for cream and was handed three small separately wrapped cream containers. 
At a breakfast restaurant where you pay 2 or 3 dollars for drinks, the restaurant shouldn't be so cheap as to hand out individual servings. Lots of us use more than three of those tiny cream containers.
My other major complaint was the background music. A few selections were fine (solos, soft etc) but music that involve large groups of singers or drummers and bands  disrupts the dining experience and makes it hard to hear conversations. This was extremely distracting.
I won't be going back.Arrogant and misleading. We (2 people) arrived at 11 am on a Sunday morning for breakfast. We were placed on a wait list and told it would be 1/2 hour and we'd be called on our cell phone. We left our phone number, walked to shops and returned 35 minutes later to check because we had not been called. We were told there was one party of 2 before us and then we'd be called. We also noticed SEVERAL parties listed AFTER us  had already been seated. We said OK and went outside to wait (there is little room inside and it was crowded). Another 20 minutes went by with no call (now 55 minutes total). We decided to walk to another place on the Hill for brunch and were seated right away. I checked my phone a couple times during during our meal because we wanted to let them know our thoughts when they called. 2 hours pass. They never called. Guess they think they can afford to treat potential customers like crap, but that won't go far in Chestnut Hill with all the other choices.Heard good things about Breakfast Boutique and decided to check it out. I gave them a call shortly after they opened last Sunday and asked for a reservation. I'd heard wait times averaged around an hour. They gave me a table for 2 at 10. Arrived early and was seated by 10:05. The place was packed. Lots of people from other neighborhoods flocked to Chestnut Hill. 
Love the decor and the service. Best shrimp and grits I ever ate. The many options on the menu insures I'll be back to try them.Four of us ordered make your own omelets ~ yes, they warn you it takes time because all the food is made to order, and yes, it took a lot of time - not sure why though.  3 of us ordered "with onions"  which were not even cooked ~ cold onions; 2 of us asked for well done hash browns = they were not.  When the omelets arrived, they were dry and rather cool-warm, certainly not hot and moist. We all ordered multi-grain toast ~ it arrived about 10 minutes after our omelets and it was cold and a bad version of some kind of wheat toast - not even multigrain. Just a really horrible experience ~ we certainly will not go backThe food as well as the service was excellent. The staff was extremely  attentive  to the patrons. The food is very fresh.Great menu with a great variety of breakfast favorites. Their pancakes were light and fluffy. Service was friendly and prompt. Nice atmosphere!Oh my goodness the food here is delicious. The service also exceptional. If you like shrimp and grits or chicken and waffles you will love it here. Visiting from out of town and plan to come back before we leave to sample other items on the menu.Never go to this restaurant.  First and last visit today.  Extremely poor and very rude service.  Had to ask 3 x for coffee that was ordered when we sat.  Waited 45 minutes for food expecting since everything was made fresh it was worth the wait.  Food served cold and had obviously been sitting before it ever got to us.  Honestly it's not hard to make an omelette.  Had to flag down our waitress to tell her the food was cold - she acted shocked and said ok one minute I have to do something.  Then sent a very uninterested person over to apologize who said he'd have our food remade quickly.  Waited another 15 minutes  and asked another waiter for the check for our coffee - he sent our original rude waiter over (who still hadn't removed the bad food from our table yet) over and she said I'm going to go check on your food.  We told her again - no thank you we need to leave it had been over an hour since we sat and still only had coffee.  She went downstairs got our food and put it in a Togo container. (REALLY).  I didn't want the disgusting cold eggs you served the first time why would I want a cold omelette in a to go container.  Told her again to please bring us a check for the coffee so we could pay.  She walked away and started helping other customers and would not come near us.  Finally told another waiter or said no need to pay for the coffee.  Absolutely terrible service - never been treated so rudely and the food that was served to me was cold and disgusting.  If you want to run a boutique restaurant then you need to invest in wait staff with manners.  Oh and think about serving the food hotnifnyour gonna make people wait forever there should be a good reason!  I'll stick to the Fairlane!Greeted by a nice handsome man, server was super friendly, vegan options that are actually vegan. Def my new place to go to. A picture of the owners (I think) on the wall as you walk in, it's adorable. Everything about this place is adorable. 10/10 would recommend.I really enjoyed my breakfast at Breakfast Boutique.  The staff is friendly and the place is so cute.  My Eggs Benedict were cooked perfectly with the perfect tang of lemon.  The garnish was a nice addition to the plate.  Go early if you want to have some time to enjoy your meal.  The Boutique fills up quickly.Wanted to support this black owned establishment so after having a poor experience the first visit I decided to give it another try. During the first visit (a weekday so not extremely busy) I waited so long to be waited on even after others came in after me that I had to get the attention of the waitress. When she finally came over she was completely oblivious. When the food came out and was different than she described it to be she said "oh the kitchen decided not to prepare it that way. I don't know why." The food was just ok. She forgot one of the items that it said the dish came with and when I asked her about it she said oh it doesn't come with that even though it says it on the menu then she comes back and said oh it does. Then she brought out two pieces of toast--one burnt with butter and one burnt without butter. Then omelet was greasy but not horrible. 
Tried it a second time today and it was even worse of an experience. The food again was just ok for the price and I didn't get something that I ordered. When the bill came I told them that they needed to take it off because I never received it. The waitress said ok she brought back the check it was correct so gave her the card but when it was swiped it was for the original incorrect amount. I told her it was wrong then a man came over to us and asked "what do you want me to do?" I was so annoyed at this point that I just said forget it we just won't leave a tip. Either way terrible service and overall management of this boutique. Very sketchy that they would swipe the incorrect amount and then have that type of tone and response of "what do you want me to do?" Not sure about the other locations but this one isn't a good reflection of what I thought the experience would be. Won't be back to this one or risk trying the others. Can get better breakfast food at a chain restaurant like corner bakery or probably even ihop.My sister friend and I was there this morning.  This is my third time at the
Chestnut Hill location. Male folks I don't 
know there positions too much conversation with folks who are dinning
that has nothing to do with the meal.
We were seated at a table for two near
The wall where the door is used for
Bringing food upstairs and downstairs 
Every time someone went downstairs 
My chair was knocked. Toast was
Brought to the table Burt we had to
ask them to take it back. I had to pay $1:00
a slice for toast because I had whole 
Grain bread. Salmon cooked to hard
Big chunks  of onion and green pepper in
Side.  We asked for separate checks
The server put numbers in red on checks
And told us who's was who instead of handing us our check.
Not consistent don't know which way
It's going to be.  Spoke with the merchant 
At Robertson's florist who has not dinned
There yet said she was told that they
Are not consistent.  I hope they improve 
I would like to see them be successful 
In Chestnut Hill.Simple menu, good selection.  Had the salmon patty and grits- delicious.  Tried the avocado toast but it was too loaded- made bread soggy- was not good.Had been wanting to try this place for awhile but was afraid of the lines I'd heard about. Don't want to wait in line for breakfast. First the positive, really good quality ingredients, very fresh and delicious eggs, yummy turkey bacon, many gluten free options. Biggest complaint besides slow service, their coffee is just bad. A place called Breakfast Boutique needs excellent coffee. They need to up their coffee game. I will go back but will get coffee somewhere else before I go back.The Breakfast Boutique in Chestnut Hill routinely offers good food and good experiences but the same cannot be said if their new place in Mount Airy. Tried it today and the experience was horrendous; the wait staff was disorganized, disinterested, and inept at best. Not a good experience at all, I definitely will not be going back and will gladly share the same advice with others.Good food, but a long wait for it, and we were the first ones there! It was almost comical.  They would bring coffee, but forget cream; they would bring food, but forget salt and pepper; they would bring food, but no water.  We had to ask for everything, and wait a long time for each thing.  The food itself was good, but it was chaotic in the place.The food was extraordinary- the service was beyond unacceptable. AGAIN, the food was extraordinary-the service was poor. 
We are foodies and will travel for a great meal. On this particular Sunday, we traveled nearly an hour to dine at this establishment in Chestnut Hill. We waited a little over 30 minutes for a table, no big deal given the nice local shops in Chestnut Hill. We visited a few before getting our call regarding the table being ready. 
Upon being seated, it took over 15 minutes before we could place a beverage/coffee order. Another 30 minutes before we received a refill- while waiting for our meal...which took ONE hour. Really-an hour, probably a little longer if I consider when we were seated. Our total time at our table- nearly two hours...for casual breakfast. Given this is a small -casual place, turning tables quickly (with quality service and food) should be a top priority. 
The servers appear to lack proper server skills, although pleasant. Our server forgot to put our order in...(she admitted after we were waiting over 45 minutes). She didn't return to provide coffee refills (we had to ask the host twice to send someone). I would recommend that an investment be made in managing the front of the house as customers were pouring in and happily waited for a table. Unfortunately once seated, we witnessed customers get up and leave or openly discuss their disappointment with the service. It was really simply unacceptable. 
Again great food- service is yet to be desired. I hope that the service piece can be sorted out as this place is a gem.First time at this location and they did not disappoint. Definitely a step up from the Ogontz location. They are a little on the small size, quite cozy great for small dining groups. The tables are set up for party's of 2 or 4. Would most likely not appeal to large groups and Probably not somewhere to bring the kiddos. The decor is warm and inviting with light music playing in the background. 
The food is very tasty you can never go wrong with the red velvet waffles. The chicken and waffles are also a great go to item. The staff is very friendly and attentive, you are greeted quickly upon arrival. Takeout orders are processed quickly and correctly. During my visit they were nearly full yet the still managed to take my order and get me on my way in under 30 minutes. While I waited for my takeout order no less than 3 staff members walked to the front of the restaurant to greet me and inquire if I needed seating.  
I will definitely be back with friendsI wanted to love this. A black-owned breakfast place. We need more of both (black-owned and breakfast) around here. The service was fine, seems like they've worked out some of the kinks from earlier reviews. We are used to breakfast places having a wait on a Sunday morning. The hostess was courteous and competent. The place is clean and fresh-looking. But no one in our family of three loved their meal. We waited a long time and it was "meh." Both my daughter and I got something on our plates that seemed suspiciously like store-bought-fake-cream-cheese-icing. You know, Betty Crocker. The home fries were salty and dry. We want natural, homemade breakfast. Also, my husband's meal and my side dish came out at least five minutes after the first two entrees. We will keep schlepping to Sabrina's and Honey's and Morning Glory. So disappointed.Been there 4 times. Eaten only twice.  Food was very good but service was slow. Also pricing was a bit off kilter. Certain potatoes were more but not clear on menu   The other two times I was there  once on a Sunday at 12 w grandson and told a 45 minute wait. Unbelievable for only 3 other people waiting.  Today went in and was told 10 minutes. Was third in line but after other two couples were seated the hostess game out table to people who came in after us. Btw. There were two tables in back that were empty the whole time.  Never ever again wil I waste my time.The atmosphere was calm and inviting.  My server, Gus, was polite and attentive.  The menu choices and prices are reasonable.  I will definitely suggest to my family and friends to check out this restaurant. I just have to figure out how to get to the parking lot in the back.I went early on the spur of the moment so I don't know what happens when they are booked. However, my meal was delicious and the service was friendly. We needed a place with flavor in Chestnut Hill.Went for brunch one Saturday. My husband and I were the only ones there but were left unattended and unimpressed. They BLASTED very inappropriate R&B music the whole time. I guess I should think "bumping and grinding" and making "sweet sexual love" is appropriate brunch music.......I was finally able to stop in and visit the new attraction on the hill. 
The food was great. The three of us all had pancakes and they were great. I included a picture of mine, the cinnamon pancakes w/ buttercream and vanilla sauce. Amazing! I am a bacon snob and they nailed it (also in the pic). 
I enjoyed the atmosphere and felt that, while small it did not feel as though we were on top of the other tables. 
The only reason I did not give Breakfast Boutique five stars whas (like over reviews) the service was slow.  Our waitress was nice but not nearly as available for questions (or to remind them that my friend did not get her side of fruit) as we would have like, given that it was a late Tuesday morning and it was not crazy busy.  The person who took our drink orders seemed out of his element and we all wondered if we would even get the right drinks. We did!  
I am a local and will definitely be back.  I am looking forward to trying other things on the menu, because if today was any indication the other dishes will be great!Waiter Gus was awesome, good food, great vibe and decor...will return for sure...I love the look, quaint, clean and nice musicThe wait was 30 minutes not bad. Got seated took 20 minutes to for a random ass server to come by and take our order, then waited about an hour for our food, the people behind us were seated after us but received their food before us, then when we started to get our food, it didn't even come out together. Food was okay, definitely not worth the wait. when I ordered food from here on ubereats it came quicker and looked better. I won't be coming back here again until they get their shit together.We've been here a few times and very consistently half the food on our table is great and the other half is terrible. Oh, and their wallpaper is upside down.Sadly, this was an extremely poor experience. I take into consideration that they are new and were slammed on Memorial day but knowing that this is their second location I expect most of those kinks to be worked.
When we arrived we were told 20 - 30 minutes. We waited for 45 monutes before they seated us and another 25 at our table before anyone acknowledged we were sitting there. The manager (owner?) was chatting with one table of customers and the hostess sat up front on her phone when she wasn't answering the business phone. No one was refilling coffee or water.  Finally, the waitress took our order, we received our drinks and continued to wait another 45 minutes for our food. We ordered eggs with hash, pancakes and traditional eggs, bacon and hash-browns. The pancakes and eggs with hash came first. Two fluffy pancakes topped with a strawberry and "Iknowthatwasnt" butter, served with maple flavored high fructose corn syrup. The eggs and hash were over hashed and under seasoned. Then the bacon and eggs appeared with typical cubed potatoes, nicely browned with little to no seasoning. The bacon was tasteless. The egg-white of the over easy eggs were clear and even cool on the inside. But no one returned to ask us how our meal was until we were finished. I mentioned the eggs and the waitress said "that's over easy". She did offer to have them cook me new ones but by that time we were DONE. I did eat a bit of the under cooked egg and was sick for about 24 hours. Sadly, we were really excited about a breakfast in our neighborhood but this won't be it.Waited 10 minutes even though tables were available - front desk person not very welcoming . We were 2 and she explain that the table (for 4) was for a bigger parties. We hesitate to drive all the way to Germán town because of the poor service related reviews - The reviews were right. We left and found CAKE - what an amazing place!