I've eaten here numerous times and every time it's been absolutely fantastic. Great food, nice people, calm and quiet place. Their crepes are the best crepes I have ever had. Amazingly delicious. I recommend this place to my friends all the time. I've always heard great things from them as well.walked by here and decided to go in to eat bc supposedly best crepes in town. I got a savory crepe with ham, mushrooms, Swiss, and some creamy sauce inside. it was very crispy, which is what I look for when deciding whether a crepe is good (I've had plenty of crepes in the past that were not crispy). we also got one called "el gitano" which had bacon, tomato, mozz, and basil inside. overall the food itself was good, but the ambience was a little lacking bc of the emptiness. woulda tasted better psychologically if it was a bustling restaurant, esp since we were there for brunch. servers were very French and polite.Never have I had such a delicious crepe outside of Paris, maybe even in Paris. I ordered 3 crepes ($30 Groupon), 2 savory, 1 sweet, and each was the essence of perfection. The crepe itself was soft with a warm buttery flavor and had a slight crispiness to the outside. Just incredible. The inside was well seasoned (savory) and had just the right balance of ingerdients.
After taking the first bite, it was so good that I didn't know if I could stop myself from stuffing it into my mouth as fast a possible, but I knew that I should slow down to savor every morsel.
The service was perfection and the only drawback was the slightly high prices. But hey, you get what you pay for. I will definitely be coming back...and bringing all of my friends :)Both the sweet and savory crepes here are DELICIOUS! So many choices and hard to pick which one is best. The teas they have are also wonderful. This is a quiet, quaint little place with the sweetest wait staff. I've been going here for years and would recommend to everyone wanting to have a casual meal in an unpretentious setting.So the prices are unjustifiably high, no getting around it.  Save yourself the pain of ordering a quiche because at that price I expect a sizable piece not a sliver.  The variety of crepes (especially the savory ones) is amazing and the quality is good but woof my poor wallet.  If you are craving authentic and tasty crepes this is the place to go but know you are going to be paying a hefty price.La Creperie Cafe was very cute with tasty food. We had a really sweet waitress who was attentive even though she was the only person working the dining room. The menu had a variety of salads, crepes, quiches, and paella so you can be sure everyone will find something to eat. Be sure to leave some room for dessert! The dessert crepes are definitely big enough to split between two people. Try the Napoleon. You'll thank me.
Remember: This is a BYOB so don't get caught without a good bouteille de vin!We peeked in and were  really hungry and thought crepes would be great right now. Once seated I should have trusted my instincts and left. Even my 8 year old complained about the dinginess of the place. It needs a complete rehab to capture the once cute rattan chairs now with stained cushions. The floor even with a severely good mopping would never be clean enough. Our server yes flaky no real complaints, it was slow and my daughter noticed her chatting with the other server and then talking to the customers a different  voice. It was kind of funny, she should have her own Yelp page. I felt like we were in the Twilight Zone, talking about our weird server while two girls in the next table chatted so loudly making it impossible not to ease drop.
On to the food..The Iced Tea was painfully sweet, she said it was sweet but even diluted with water was just over bearing. AND $3.50 . The Caesar salad was just okay. The crepe was actually very good. But if I really want crepes again I will go to Beau Monde.
 I had my wallet out before my daughter was finished just to get out of there quicker. We decided to pass up a desert crepe and head over to Ben and Jerry's for a cone. see next review!Saw a $30 Groupon and with my love for crepes, figured this place was worth a shot!
Went there with my boyfriend and we waited to be seated. In waiting, we observed two servers and about 5-6 other tables seated with patrons.
We were seated after a few minutes and given menus. We then watched the two servers walk by several times and have a disagreement with a patron. 
A table of two ladies sat patiently for several minutes and tried to paid cash but was told they did not have any change. They had to rush back to lunch after waiting to pay and then being told they did not have any change prompted their exit without paying the full tab.
At this point, a few other tables had cleared out so they were not busy.. though it still took what felt like an eternity to get water and order.
3 Min: Seated
13 Min: Asked for water
18 Min: Received water
28 Min: Asked to order
31 Min: Order taken
44 Min: Food served
I parked at a meter and at this point, I wasn't sure if we would even have time to chew our food!
The portions and quality didn't warrant the price tag (fortunately we had a Groupon). Our crepes were very crispy and a bit burnt at the top. Can I say, overpriced and disappointed?
I won't be returning but I do hope it was a one time incident.. for their sakes. They certainly didn't leave a good impression on me or my boyfriend.I just came back from my first time here since Great Tea closed next door (about four years ago) and since I feel like I can't give any place a fair review without three fairly close together visits, I can only (in good conscience) give this place a four at most.
The server was very pleasant and pleased to speak with a semi-native French-speaker. We shot the breeze a bit, which was nice, then my party and I ordered.
Between us, we'd ordered crêpe á la rivage (with tuna, egg, tomato), gâteau de crêpe au jambon (ham, mushroom, spinach), crêpe de mergeuz et something else (haha, I don't quite recall what he got in it other than the lamb sausage, I'm afraid) and nutella et poire (pear and nutella). 
We shared amongst ourselves and we all rather enjoyed them. The tuna one was less my style, but I couldn't stop raving about the ham. It's perfectly balanced of sweet, savoury and delicious and the paper/wafer-thin pancake had that lovely nutty aroma one can only get from a well seasoned pan. Hints of butter made me happy.
The lamb sausage one was cheese-filled. In fact, none of our orderes skimped on the fillings at all. One gripe from our group was the pear we chose for dessert; none of us save one had this issue, but he'd gotten, it seems, all the pear skins in his portion. Sorry, Dan, but the rest of us were enthralled!
Even after several visits, I don't think I could give above four stars due to pricing. I understand; Rittenhouse, yes, expensive, nonetheless, it may be a bit much for a light meal. The server did, however, cut us a price break. I haven't a clue why, but he charged us about 10% less than we'd expected.Yummie crepes! We had ordered 3 and everyone was delighted. The gluten free one was exceptional even though I had to ask them to omit some key ingredients in a crepe like cheese due to food allergies. Totally delicious and kind staff members. If we weren't leaving early the next morning we would have went again for breakfast!!Definitely recommend! :)Awesome crepes! Great service and fresh tasting crepes. I had a strawberry, French cream, chocolate sauce, and sugar crepe. It was awesome!French crepes, french service. Took forever to get our food while the wait staff noisily bused and washed dishes next to our table. Not worth the 2 hours or the headache.LES CREPES SOMMES MAGNIFIQUES! Oh quelle surprise qu'on avait d'apprendre  que la femme qu'on a adoree depuis longtemps est la maitresse de cette restaurant. On ne peut pas croire que c'est la meme personne qu'on a connu, mais on avait ete tres content apres on eu manger. Et on a manger encore et encore.  
Alors, voila...vous allez ici aussi et vous mangerez les crepes magnifiques aussi. 
Essayez le lait avec du menthe. C'est tres délicieux.
Peut etre le service est un peu lent, mais c'est la vie en la cuisine française.The place is cute enough.... I guess. The tables are a little too close together for my taste, but I guess that doesn't matter because the place was empty!!! So then, please tell me WHY, with so much space in the place, our waitress crammed  other patrons at the 3 tables closest to ME??  That's a serious pet peeve of mine. I like to BREATHE, and I honestly felt suffocated.
Their crepes fall into 5 different categories :Les Bourgeoises (rich and light taste),  "Les Classiques (traditional taste), Les Savoureuses , ( seafood delight ), Les Tentantes (very creative mix), and Les Rebelle (Revolutionary, delicious taste,  Pizza Crêpes). Then,of course, you have the brunch menu and the sweet crepes.
I ordered  the Chatelet" off the brunch menu. It's a savory crepe with scrambled eggs, smoked salmon, swiss cheese with boiled sautéed potatoes for $13.00. I thought it might taste better w/ onions, so I asked for them, and I was right. It was DELICIOUS! My potatos were just ok.
My bf ordered a sweet crepe with banana, strawberry and nutella. he wasn't impressed. He thought it was too "crispy." We both ordered black tea to drink, but they did have a variety of loose teas to choose from as well.
Overall, I'd say, the place is far too overpriced, because it simply doesn't have the ambience to charge so much money. They're also pretty stingy on the portions.
We will returm, but RELUCTANTLY!  lolThe food here was nothing spectacular but I really enjoyed the ambiance. I went there on a Saturday night and we were literally the only group of people there. 
I tried three different dessert crepes, and they were all good. I would go back for brunch, but I probably wouldn't bring anyone visiting from out of town here.Service OK; crepes were bland, but acceptable.
The staff was observed exchanging unpleasantries, which is not a good sign.  Especially when only two tables were occupied and no stress situation was in effect.Just getting around to writing this review.  We went on Valentines day.  It was real nice with the French atmosphere.  I liked the savory crepes better than the sweet.  We had the Gyro Crepe and the Asiago Crepe, both were delicious.  We didn't try the Nanza but we will go back for that, they are flatbreads on iIndain Nan bread they sound great.  Wee ended on the Crepe suzette.  The service was excellent.  We will go back.Loved it !!! Food was fresh, portion size perfect and crepes DELISH!!!!!
The tables were not the best but I think it all helped create the Parisian ambience ! 
Service was great the staff spoke french which also was impressive ! 
I will definitely go back and try other dishes on their menuI went here with my girlfriend and the place was awesome. The waitress was nice and very attentive. We loved the house ginger juice! The sweet crepe was also great and so was the salmon quiche. The decor, including the bamboo furniture was cute.Absolutely amazing crepes, made with amazing ingredients. Le Creperie Cafe's crepes are some of the most authentic I've had this side of Paris. 
Service is quick and friendly, and the atmosphere is cafe-cute. Bonus for their French pop and lounge music.
Most crepes will average you $8 - $13, so I wouldn't call this place expensive, at all.Great place. BYOB. Gluten free crepes are available. Great service. Start with a savory crepe as a main meal and share a sweet one for dessert. Yes, chairs are a little weird, but very nice ambiance. I've taken my niece visiting from Alabama and various friends there and they all really enjoyed it.A charming cute lil place with simple decor.
The menu is simple too, but delicious.
Hv been there a couple of times with my Friday lunch group since the portions are not huge n it also suits the budget.
Delicious n awesome crepes. 
Vegetarians also hv a good choice since my wife prefers veggie crepes.
We def do wanna try their deserts soon.
Def recommend this.Came here with my mom for dinner and a Restaurant.com certificate, and absolutely LOVED the food here.  The place is absolutely adorable--actually looks like a little cafe in Paris.  And the menu is quite extensive - there are crepes for just about anyone.  And if you still can't find anything, they'll let you substitute or create your own crepe.  For dinner, my mom and I split La Panopolie with brie (Turkey, Brie, Apple, Roasted Almonds, Olive Oil & Basil) and Bon Appétit! Merguez (Sausage, Brie, Feta Cheese, Onions, Green Peppers, Tomatoes, Garlic, Olive Oil & Herbe de Provence).  Both were unbelievable.  They were just as good as the crepes in Paris--crispy, with flavors that blended together perfectly.  For dessert, we split La Finale Flambe (Banana in Rum, Strawberries & Coulis de Chocolat) and Oh La La (Pears, Nutellla, Grand Marnier and Whipped Cream).  They were delicious, but not too sweet.  The ONLY downside to the food was that we were both hungry a few hours after dinner.  But I definitely will try to come back here again next time I'm in Philly!!La Creperie has one of the best crepes in the city, they also have delicious coffee and orange juices. However it is pretty expensive. I think the orange juice was 5 dollars and the latte was 5 was well. 
The other posters are correct about atmosphere both time i went it was a weekend and there was only one other party there, so it is kind of dead. 
They serve their water in a fancy bottle with lemon and mint in it and I appreciate that they leave this at the table. 
Overall very good, a little expensive and lacking in atmosphereI went for an early dinner/late lunch before a shift at work. I walked in and it was completely empty. Red flag maybe? I shrugged it off and was sat by the waiter. He was a nice gentleman. He pulled my chair out for me and poured a glass of water from a swing top bottle. It was a nice touch, the water had lemon slices and mint sprigs but when I took a sip, it wasn't cold. 
I asked what his favorite crepes were and he directed me to one classic style and one that he described as oriental with sweet and sour sauce and couscous. Yeah, I went with the classic, which had ham, mushrooms, spinach, and Swiss cheese. Once it was served, I could smell garlic, but after the first few bites, I couldn't taste anything. No garlic, no seasoning, just a few bland bites of crepe and sliced deli ham. 
I finished the crepe which was pretty underwhelming but I had work later that evening and wanted something to fill my stomach. I couldn't find any pieces of garlic but the smell was overpowering. There wasn't any distinct flavor so I added a little bit of salt and ground pepper. Yeah, that didn't help either. 
I don't think I'll be coming back again. The server was nice but not very attentive. Then again I was the only person in there in the 20 minutes I spent ordering, eating, and paying about $16 for a lackluster bite. 
Spare yourself the cutesy wicker decor and make some crepes at home.The food is great! We will definitely be back to try out more varieties. The waiter is a friendly guy and his smiles are so heartwarming.Man, some people on here really have an issue with this place. For the life of me I do not know why. 
1) Place is empty - Yeah, both times I went it wasn't jammed. Attribute this to the location. I consider a place that serves great food and good prices to be a positive, not a negative.
2) Staff - Every time I have gone here I have been service by the owner (I think). Either way he is the nicest guy ever and had great suggestions. I've ordered an African crepe both times for the main course and I am in love with them.
3) Decor - It is pretty simple. I go to Del Frisco's or Barclay Prime and expect nice furnishings. When I am paying $6-10 bucks for a crepe I am happy sitting on an orange crate. The furniture is nice and clean so no issues. 
I've been to Creperie Beau Monde & L'Etage a couple times and both are really good. I think comparing that place to this is both unfair and incorrect. BM is more expensive and you basically pay for a full restaurant experience. This place is just as good and you get normal chairs and tables and you don't have high end service. 
This is a great place and the food is good. The tab is cheap and the service is friendly. I've gone by myself and taken people there and everyone was nothing but happy with their choices. I can see someone giving this a 3 star review since a person liking or disliking a place is subjective, but any rating below 3 starts is either a fluke or someone who doesn't know what they are talking about.I've always passed this little place and wanted to try.  It did not disappoint -- large light crispy-edged Crepes were excellent. Service was also perfect.
Crepes for breakfast after our Christmas party were perfect.  Wife had strawberries and creme fraiche and I had onion, lamb sausage and cheese (Swiss I think).  
My wife's cappuccino was good but my coffee was a little weak. Would love to have had a nice French press, but didn't see that option.Went here last week after not eating here for over five years. Hasn't changed a bit.
Slow service (just like France), great crepes (just like France), unpretentious setting (just like France), French music playing (just like France) and most important, cutest French waiter (just like France)!!
This isnt a date place. Its not a good place to serve a large group of people, not a good place for children and isnt the type of place if you have sooo many dietary restrictions. 
Go in, enjoy a fantastic crepe and leave. It's that simple.The food is excellent - good portions -its a french cafe - so the portions are smaller - but good sizes.   I find it a bit expensive; but the crepes are really good.  I love the crisp.If you've been to Brittany you'll know that what the French eat for a main course is a Galette, made with "black" flour.  Here all the crepes are the desert type of white flour, but with many different possible fillings - my favorites are the "Chef" and the "Royale". 
I suspect that the major business is at lunch, but we eat there about onece a month Saturday night.  Sometimes it's full and the staff can be overwhelmed and slow, but most of the time it's throughly relaxed, with everthing from Piaf to contemporary French rap in the background.As soon as I saw the yellow hipster kitten heels and cankles approaching us I should've run full speed anywhere else.  Based on my love of crepes and fabulous experiences at every other creperie I've encountered I thought La Creperie Cafe live up to my basic crepe standards.  
I am fully aware that no one will beat Beau Monde, but what I didn't expect was the raw flour and pancake tasting oddly layered and barely filled mess that was placed in front of me. The food was awful, the service was worse and when I complained about the inedible food I heard a very loud and angry cook yelling about it. Awesome. Stay away, far, far away.My boyfriend and I just went to this place for the first time. It was rather empty, but we have no idea why because it was the best place EVER!! We have been to many other crepe places, including Beau Monde and found this to be just as good, if not better in some ways. It is different than Beau Monde, and was a nice change for us. These are more traditional crepes (flat, circular). It is not a pretentious place--it is relaxed and not fancy at all, but we really liked the atmosphere. 
One big thing is that they feature GLUTEN-FREE crepes!!!! As a gluten-free person for over 5 years, I have never had better gluten free crepes. I have never had any gluten-free crepes in the city at all. These were insanely delicious. I had nutella and banana. It was cooked to perfection, crispy in all the right places, ooey-gooey in others, lightly browned, with dusted powdered sugar. The other crepe we ate was savory--egg, mushroom, and herbs. This was simple and done perfectly. We devoured both.
The guy who waited on us was extremely kind, hospitable, and gracious. He was knowledgeable about the gluten-free crepes. The whole check was pretty inexpensive considering how pricey fancy crepes can be. We spent $18 ish on two wonderful crepes with great fillings. We would have happily paid more. There were more expensive options but we left totally satisfied with our choices. 
Bottom line, we have no idea why some other reviewers have maligned this place. We'll be going back ASAP. Yummmmm....Overpriced blah food with poor service.  My $10 crepe tastes like something I can make at home and was tiny.  $4 for a Lipton tea and a refill is another $4. Service was unfriendly.Although the crepes were good, they were not very filling. Also, I was cheated out of more than $15 of my Groupon. When I tried to order a dessert, I was informed that the kitchen had closed, even though I am sure I placed the order before the restaurant was closed. I will not be returning to this restaurant.The crepes are decent, but not good enough to make up for the surly staff, slow service, rickety furniture, and dirty glasses.  I'm not sure if takeout is an option at La Creperie Cafe, but that would be my choice if I had an uncontrollable hankering for a crepe while in the neighborhood.   
One star for fresh-squeezed orange juice plus one star for (begrudgingly) allowing substitutions.Interested in having dinner in the middle of a heated domestic dispute?
Me and my fiance had dinner here last friday night, and it was a disaster.  For starters, their credit card machine was down (but he failed to mention that until he gave us the bill) and there was general pandemonium from a payment perspective.
This is obviously a minor issue.  But the story continues
Our dinner felt like we were in the middle of a domestic dispute.  The poor waiter guy was the only person on, and he was constantly in heated, loud yelling arguments with "Fatima", the chef (and I presume his wife) upstairs in the kitchen.  At least the arguments were in French (how authentic!)
Anyhow, the table next to us ordered a crepe that normally included cheese.  The woman specifically said "I'm allergic to cheese" and requested it be left off.  
when he delivered the crepe  the woman said "I'm sorry, but this still has cheese in it."  He took the plate upstairs, where there was Armageddon in the kitchen.  I took a little french in high school, and I could make out the following:
server:  Fatima, I forgot to say she was allergic to cheese
Fatima:  I don't care, they still have to pay for it
and various iterations of that until the server came down, shame faced, and tried to give the cheese crepe back to the woman who would obviously have health issues if she ate it.  
THEY MADE HER PAY FOR A REPLACEMENT CREPE BECAUSE THEY SCREWED UP!! inexcusable
i feel bad because the server was having an awful tme (and this kitchen dispute took, no joke, 10 minutes and everyone in the place was silent and uncomfortable for the next 30).  They ran out of cash to make change and it took him 30 minutes to catch up and clear tables after the throwdown with Fatima.
anyhow, to make a long story long, the "dinner theater" merely exacerbated  the slow service, lack of credit card machine, and OK food.When we came in, the waiter sit us but did not give menu. We had to wait like 8 minutes before he came back and we had to ask him for menu. 
The menu in general seemed good, but when we got an order, crepes were very greasy and not very tasty. Tomatoes were old. 
Sweet one was better, but not great.Armed with my $20 living social deal I tried La Creperie Cafe today. I walked in and to my surprise the place was pretty empty. The host/waiter brought me to my wobbly table for 1 and left me with the menu. If crepes are your thing, there are many to chose from. I went with Feta et Lardon and Suzette, both poor choices. The bacon was dried , almost like beef jerky, not crispy or flavorful. The Suzette was awful and tasted sour;  after 1 bite the fork went down and I asked for my bill. Granted I am not sitting in a Paris cafe but a street on Sansom Street; but i just thought this would be better. If I want crepes I will go to France.I ordered ahead on 04/6/12 & was already in Center City. Had to wait an eternity before my meal was brought from upstairs. The bill came to $25.92 & they were given $40.00. They had no change, so the guy in the back scrubbing the floor had to go & get change. I was given back $14.00 instead of $14.08. the waitress & the floor mopper had to scrounge up 8 cents between both of them & then copped an attitude as I waited for my change. Will never go back.Stick to the crepes, which are wonderfully light (not on the calories) and crisp, but pass on the appetizers, drinks etc.La Creperie Cafe is one of my family's favorite spots in Philly. The service is excellent, warm and inviting atmosphere. And the crepes are delicious. They have a lot of flavors and combinations to choose from. And it's all served with a smile.The friendliness of the staff was exemplary, so I'm sorry for the low review. The crepes were delicious, but I really have had better and for a fraction of the cost. Though the quality was high, I did not expect to pay almost $30 for a crepe and a cup of coffee. To clarify, I did ask to make one of the omelette options into a crepe. I was so thankful for the flexibility of the restaurant to accommodate this request and they did warn me that there would be an additional charge, but I really wish that they had told me upfront that it would be $5 extra. I think that is a bit too much, considering it is more than a third of the cost of the omelette.
I came with a group of nine and we had a good time, but others in my group experienced the "surcharge surprise" at the end as well. Perhaps we should have asked upfront for more detailed costs, but I think the add-ons were overpriced regardless. I want to repeat that the staff was perfectly attentive and kind to us and there were no mishaps with serving our large group. This is just a case of the food not quite matching the price we paid. For the bill total at the end, you would have thought we had a fancy brunch of "best ever" crepes, but they were just OK in a mediocre setting.My friends and I loved to hang out in La Creperie on the weekends. This place has pretty authentic crepes. Do try both savory and sweet crepes as they are all really good! I especially recommend the La Complete (with a sunny side up). Very yummy! There aren't that many choices for their drink menu, but they do have fresh orange juice. 
It is not a fancy cafe, but it's a great place to have good crepes and hang out. Definitely recommend to crepe lovers!!3.5
We loved everything we ordered...  We started with the warm goat cheese salad with walnuts and sundried tomatoes.  I thought I knew what this flavor combination would taste like, but it was so much more interesting than I expected.  For our entrees, our clear favorite was the tomato, feta & basil crepe.  It made my mouth melt!  All of the dessert crepes sound delicious -- we loved the nutella, banana & coconut.   
Service was slow, but we weren't in a rush and they seemed to accommodate another table who needed to leave quickly.This is a charming French bistro at 17th and Sansom that specializes in, you guessed it, French crepes.  I met a friend here for lunch, and I really enjoyed it.  We both ordered a lunch crepe (so meat and veggies inside), but their dessert crepes sounded fantastic.  I was just too full from my lunch crepe to order anything more, but the veggies and chicken and cheese inside my crepe were perfection wrapped in thin, pastry-like deliciousness.  The waitress was also very friendly, the prices were reasonable, the decor is sunny and cute, and, all in all, I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants a quiet, leisurely, French meal.  Next time, I'm going for dessert.I stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon.  The staff was delightful and attentive.  The atmosphere was lovely - french feeling and calm.  The food was amazing!  I recommend La Chouette - a perfect, sweet crepe.I  was at la creperie last night and i really do not understand what people are talking about but, it was busy till the last table! My crepe tomatoes and feta was delicious. Dessert was pear pie love it. This is my third time going there and i really like it.  Was a bit septic with certain review at first but, this place is the real deal. Was seating next to a table of 10 who got free bottle of wine!! They applaud when the server give it to them. Will go again in few weeks this for lunch and will keep you posted. 
Love the place.Heavenly crepes.  My favorite place for lunch when I have a lot of time on my hands.  It's a great place to read a book and have a leisurely lunch.  Really recommend the traditional crepes -- the one with mushrooms and eggs is lovely.Decided to come here for a mid afternoon brunch for hangover relief.  I previously purchased the $15 for $30 groupon and decided today was the fateful day to use it.  Arrived at La Creperie around 2:00pm only to find it empty save for two or three tables.  Come to think of it, every time I've walked by this place or eaten here, no matter what time of day, it's EMPTY.  Dying restaurant?  Perhaps.
In defense of La Creperie and in disagreement with previous reviews, service was fine.  Guess it's hit or miss.  Our crepes came out fairly quick.  I had the La Gitane--bacon, some kind of cheese, onion, and herb de provence--and my gf had one with mushrooms, ham, some kind of cheese.  I can't remember exactly what we got simply because it wasn't memorable.  It was good, just nice, simple, and flavorful.  However, for what it was, I think the price points are too high.  At the end of the meal I was satisfied, but maybe even still a slight bit hungry?  In comparison, go to the crepe place on Penn's campus and you get a monster sized crepe for $7.  Granted, it isn't as tasty and delicate, but it serves me TWO meals, a feat that should not go without praise.  So is 75% of a meal worth twice the price of a meal worth 200% stomach full-ness?  Everyone still with me?  haha.
Unfortunately, the answer is no.  The price is just above the line of what I'd be willing to pay given quality and size.  So is that what keeps La Creperie empty?  I think that's part of it.  The reasons why I give this place three stars ends here, but I will offer up my opinion on what other factors might be making this a less than appealing dining spot given its populated center city location.
1.  I'd rather go here on a cold rainy day than a warm and sunny.  It's sooo stuffy in there, the windows don't open, and air circulation is poor.  I feel like a caged animal in there when the weather is nice.
2.  Location.  Sansom street has a lot of hidden gems on it, but I don't think it gets the walking traffic that it deserves.
3.  Decor.  The tables will rock back and forth with the slightest touch of an arm.  My girlfriend commented that she felt she was in the Caribbean, not France.
4.  The double edged sword - I think when people see an empty restaurant, they wonder what's wrong with it.  And they will skip over it.
In conclusion, if you read this essay on La Creperie, bravo.  I hope you find it useful.  All things considered, this place is the definition of mediocre.