When I used to live in Philly and did not have a lot of money I went to this Indian restaurant, its cheap and you get a lot of food. While the quantity is great, it lacks quality, there are much better Indian restaurants in Philly this is not one of them. You get what you pay for, there used to be 2 other buffet Indian restaurants near this one.Drexel/Penn student joint. Good for a quick swing in for take-out or a buffet plate. Nothing to write home about. Reasonable prices and quality.I did have a bad review for this restaurant, but now that the manager has made contact with me and cleared up the issue, I decided to change my review. Not only is the food amazing, but the service is extremely friendly and cares about your food. Five stars from me.Ordered from grubhub waited an hour and a half for delivery so I called naturally no one picked up for another 20 minutes then when the guy answers his explanation was that they were on break and hadn't made my order yet and gave me the " oh well" attitude and didn't offer any kind of compensation.Went there for first time and had a buffet which for price is not bad considering the quantity of items served but quality wise it's not good at all in my opinion. I tried everything but really didn't like anything and specially I was eager to try the deserts kheer and gulab jamun and they were most terrible. I'm giving three starts because the manager was attentive and was doing his job very nice nicely. The restaurant is under renovation they are making it more appealing but in my opinion food quality and taste must be improved. Sorry for the bitter truth but writing this review in only hope that they improve. Good Luck!Over the summer I ordered from here without incident. Then comes fall and a particularly cold evening.
We placed our order or tried at first. My friend repeated the order three times.  The repeated her card number 2 times.  Then became tired of repeating my address.  I gave them my address the 4th time.  We were told we'd get our Indian goodness in 30 - 45 minutes.  Not a problem.  We were fine with waiting.  We thought the repeating-ourselves-thing was pretty comical until...
Over an hour later we had no Indian goodness.  We called the restaurant.  We let them know the time frame they gave us and that it was well past that time frame.  The person on the phone didn't seem to understand "we've been waiting over an hour.  Can you tell us if the driver is near?"  Several times.  This time the repetition wasn't comical.  Then came Irate Guy On Phone.  "DO YOU WANT YOUR FOOD!? DO YOU WANT YOUR FOOD!? WHY DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU WHERE THE DRIVER IS!? WHY!?"  My friend and I looked at each other as if to ask what just happened while Irate Guy On Phone kept screaming "DO YOU WANT YOUR FOOD!?," Etc.  
Driver finally showed up while this phone call was taking place.  My friend collected the food and paid the tab.  
The food, mediocre.  Before to night I was fine with waiting to get it on the latter end of the stated time.  Tonight, a little late because of a lovely nor'easter but the person who answered the phone left such a rotten taste in my mouth that next time I will get into my wheels and haul my butt to pick up from a much better restaurant with less abusive service.
Bad service made the mediocre food... meh.
Portions or naan and poori: fail.  Yeeeeeaaahhh. No.
Will I order take out or delivery again from this establishment? Nope.
In short, Tandoor India, you bite and not the way I like.Please do not go to this place. The food is just horrible. I thought of giving this place a second chance, and I was disappointed again.
Not that Sitar and New Delhi are great, but they are much much better than Tandoor.
Please do not torture your taste buds by going to this place.The food is pretty low quality, it's almost always dead and the only reason we go there is for BYO'ing. 
Definitely a place to steer clear of if you are looking for real Indian food.Came down to 40th Street to meet a good friend, and parked right in front of Tandoor India.  When he arrived, I asked where he wanted to go, and he pointed to the doorway right behind me.  Auspicious beginnings...
First impression was of an old establishment somewhat in need of refurbishment, but with inviting scents of curry and coriander drawing us in.  I checked the buffet as we walked past to our table and saw an extensive collection of yellow, red, brown and rusty sauces, all looking fresh and inviting on a cold Sunday night.  The place was not crowded.  Settling in, I decided to take a look at the menu because I was not in the mood for a cascade of flavors and tastes, but wanted to relax with only a few.  We were given copies of the take out menu, which somewhat surprised me.  On the cover it said: "We believe that the joy of eating lies in the art of fine cooking."
I'll drink to that.
We ordered Tikka Masala (with Chicken), which came out in a fine pink sauce of tomato and ginger, and was quite good. The Baigan Bharta was tasty, but was chopped fine rather than with the chunky eggplant I expected.  They cheated a bit on the Garlic Naan by bringing us regular Naan painted with garlic butter.  It didn't work, as it was not integrated into the bread, but sat on the surface, and lacked the baked garlic pieces I love in true Garlic Naan.  A disappointing way to pay an extra buck. The Mango Lassi was pretty good,  but a little thin from using milk rather than yogurt.  A nice plate of rice came with the meal.  
This was a meal in which we were more engrossed in the conversation than attentive to our food.  The strong brotherhood carried the day, and the meal became background.  For the overall experience, I was quite satisfied.
We didn't solve any world problems, but agreed we would get together soon, and try again.Buffet is probably the best I've had in the area, and for only $7 one would really get their money's worth.  I love raita.  I could easily put it on anything, and thoroughly enjoy whatever I was eating, and they do raita the way it should be done here.Tandoor is good. The buffet is definitely worth 12 bucks. There's chai and desserts as well as a salad bar. I got 2 plates worth of food and was very satisfied. Seems like more of a take out or family style place but it's always quiet when I go. The service is alright but since I get the buffet it doesn't really matter. The waiter still came by the table very often. This will always be my go to for Indian food in Philadelphia.Delicious!!! Well priced. Friendly staff. My husband got the buffet and I got the chicken kabobs and garlic Naan. Naan was the best I've ever had. My husband tried goat meat on the buffet. Great curry.Had lunch here the other day.  Not bad, but I've had better. The Makhani Chicken was a little on the tough side.  Loved the Chana Masala, Saag Paneer, and the salad was crisp and fresh. The naan was ok, but they didn't have mango OR tamarind chutney. This was a major disappointment for me. Nevertheless, the Ghulab Jamun, Kheer and Chai tea were all okay.Great Indian place in West Philly. The buffet is very good, but the special orders, fresh from the kitchen, are the bomb ! Fresh and great tasting ! Awesome value and BYOB !I come here every time when I am in university city. Food is good specially the chicken tika. Some of there other dishes or a bit on the greasy side. But overall is a good restaurant to take your family to for a nice dinner.The other reviews seem to say it all: the food just isn't that great.  Not to mention I came down with a terrible stomachache after eating here.  But, if you like your Indian food good and greasy - you're in the right place.My boyfriend and I really like this place and we prefer it over the other Indian restaurants we have tried in Philly.  It is reasonably priced and the portions are very filling with lots of protein in the meat dishes (we almost never finish both our curries).  Their naan is good but not the best that I've had.  I like their eggplant vegetarian curry although some people may not like that there is no texture to it becuase the eggplant is mushed up.  The chicken tikka masala and biryani are good but we prefer the lamb korma and the house special Makhani chicken.  The saag is also very delicious and the chili chicken is very good but it tastes more like a Chinese dish because the chicken is fried and there isnt really a curry sauce.
Their buffet is reliable, cheap and good as well but the atmosphere is a bit dingy so I prefer delivery.  They usually take about 30-40 minutes to the Domus on 34th and Chestnut.I waited to write this review as my first time being here was my first time having Indian food. I've eaten at several different places since so I feel I can give this place an accurate review. 
As far as overall value goes, this is extremely affordable for the buffet and the options provided to you. The buffet can vary in options but generally has popular dishes most expect at an Indian place along with several vegetable and dessert options. 
The customer service is very attentive and friendly and I often see that they have regulars that they are casual with and I think that's nice. 
I found out through a friend that they do serve lassi's (just ok tasting) and gulab jamun (included with buffet) but you have to request these which is a bit strange as they do not even offer a regular menu when ordering buffet. It kind of makes me wonder what else they offer via special request. 
Realistically I give this place 3.5 stars only because the food has been hit or miss when I come. Sometimes it's flavorful and excellent while other times there are several dishes lacking substance and flavor. I will continue to come here because the location is convenient and I like to have various options when eating ethnic food so I'm not restricted to a single dish I may not like. For the price, it's definitely worth mentioning or recommending to someone who's checking out places in University City.The server is attentive. The food is decent. However compare with the other choices nearby, their buffet has less option.Under new management, Tandoor has the best Indian food we have had in Philadelphia.
They reguiarly change their buffet offerings, are concerned about their ingredients, and offer wonderful flavors. Their vegetable soup is a particular favorite. They have done a great deal to improve the appearance of the restaurant (especially the bathrooms). We go there about once a week. My only reservation is their tandoor chicken. It is just OK. However, the rest of the food on the buffet is so good, the tandoor chicken can be easily ignored.The food was very tasty but spicy.  I'm not really a fan of Indian food so I'm not a great judge of this stuff but I think it was pretty good.  Very well done, but unbearably spicy.  The only items not spicy were the white rice, pita bread, and vegetable pakora.
Aside from the food, the people were very friendly.  And the lunch buffet was $8.99 which was fair.  My main complaint is the state of the restaurant. The interior is outdated and dark and the exterior is shady, but the atmosphere is comfortable.Absolutely horrible. I ordered grubhub for lunch today. I ordered chicken tikka masala and garlic/cheese naan. My order arrived not even 15 minutes later, (I work about a 15 min walk away). This really worried me because they have a menu where you can order your food and they have a lunch buffet. As soon as the driver called and said he has arrived I was not too happy because I was worried and assumed that my food was just scooped from the buffet. Well, I opened my food, COLD. COLD chicken, COLD naans. PISSED. being preggo and hungry and wanting a specific craving only to have it arrive cold and totally tasteless is such a let down. For 2 dinky naans and a 12oz container of food scooped from a buffet cost me $22. A freakin rip-off.We have always come to this small Indian buffet for almost 20 years. The food is fresh and delicious under the new chef and new management. The NAAN is wonderful! Don't be turned off by their shabby décor. It is as authentic as it gets. It is also very inexpensive. Love it!I had a pretty disappointing lunch buffet here this past weekend. Their food was edible and okay at best. The various dishes were bland and a chore to eat. I had 2 plates and was still hungry, but nothing was notable (and dare I say bearable) enough for me to want to go back for a 3rd. As a self proclaimed glutton, that's saying something. I've definitely had better Indian food.Funniest thing...  I went here expecting a not-so-great meal... Why would I go somewhere expecting subpar food?  I don't really have an answer for that, just wanted to try it I guess.  And hey, I'm glad I did.  Everything there is clearly homemade, everything was really pretty damn solid.  
They had goat, which was the first time I had ever eaten goat.  And it was really tender and tastey.  
Despite it being the last half hour of their lunch buffet everything was still pretty fresh.  
I will say, I do still prefer New Delhi (which is right around the corner and the same damn price) but this place is a really solid alternative choice.Tandoor is one of the best Indian buffet restaurants. It's always consistent. Never too busy. Service is adequate. Since it's buffet you don't need much. The food is good and the husband/wife proprietor are very friendly. I eat here with some frequency and it's always worth while and no expensive. Easily recommended.Not the best buffet option in the area. Everything  is bland and tastes like it is reheated from frozen, samosas are especially mediocre.  Go around the corner to New Delhi or Sitar India.Tandoor is welcome newcomer to the neighborhood, with adequate portions, and reasonable prices.  I found that Tiffin and Ekta have raised their prices and lowered their portions.  
I see people have given a lot of 3 star reviews, but then read and they chose the dinner buffet.  I get take-out and it's delicious, but if you choose a dinner buffet you should not be able to review it, or at least take that into account when doing soStaff was uncourteous and refused to provide us service because we only wanted snacks and not a full meal. If it is a policy, please mention it on your menu. Walked a minute to New Delhi restaurant and had the most amazing veg platter ever.I had my food delivered to me, so I can't comment about the ambience or the atmosphere. However, the person who took my order over the phone was extraordinarily friendly and nice, and the food was absolutely terrific. I got the vegetable samosas, Chana masala, and some naan. Everything was well made and tasted wonderful. I highly recommend this place.So I use to go to this place back in 2005 with my family & haven't been there since, so I decided to go there with some friends. BAD DECISION! They quality of the food had went don't tremendously! We waited 20 minutes for some naan and the waiter got upset when we got new food because ours was cold. The place was NOT sanitary and the chicken had little pieces of rocks o_O Save your $$ and go to New Dali instead!   
Last note: The tandoori chicken was raw, like still bleeding raw!!!Ooops! I thought I reviewed this place when I first joined Yelp. 
Let me correct that over-sight now. 
This is my favorite Indian buffet. Their food is always tasty the naan is not dry or overly greasy. The buffet items are always fresh & hot. I don't mind the lack of service really. Give me a pitcher of water and let me chow down & I'm good! The plate clearing is always pretty timely and the staff & owners are friendly. I love coming here when I want something cheap, quick, when in University City.Decent food for a great price with lots of vegetarian/vegan options at the buffet. They also have an awesome topping bar, which I enjoy.in our search of tasty indian food in west philly, we walked away disappointed.  the malai kofta balls were like clumpy cream of wheat. not so good.  
it seemed to cater to the university student crowd with it's overemphasis on the buffet.  give me some love, not buckets of food.  
ok, enough knocking it.  the baigan bharta was decent. but we'll keep searching.I ate at Tandoor again yesterday and the food wasn't the only thing I ate; I had to eat my words from the previous review too. 
The customer service this time was extraordinary! First, my wife and I went in with only about 15 minutes to go to closing time (on Xmas eve!), but the waiters were kind enough to request us to come in and have the buffet nevertheless. They kept the buffet open for a few minutes after closing time, allowing us to refill our plates. And once they closed the buffet, they brought dessert out specially for us right at our table. And throughout all of this, they were very friendly, courteous, and didn't make us feel hurried in the least. I've rarely experienced such a complete turnaround in customer service!
The food was also excellent: I've always liked their buffet's panner/chicken masalas and the palak paneer, but this time they also had a very delicious navratan korma (which thankfully wasn't sweet!). Their chicken biryani's quality was also up a few notches. The naans that they gave us were steaming hot, buttery and delicious. 
It was by far the best experience I've had at Tandoor, and hope it stays this way in the future!Last nite, I ordered take-out. The Appetizer 'samosa chaat' left me craving for more. The entrees 'chicken tikka masala' and 'lamb rogan josh' were prepared just the way I requested 'medium & mild spicy.' Chicken tikka masala had all white meat pieces and lamb rogan josh was succulent. However, the entrees had a home cooked taste to 'em.
It's a new restaurant so I will definitely try more selections from the menu.The Buffet was pretty mediocre. Chicken makhani had sugar in it. Goat curry and chicken curry was average. The dessert (gulab jamun) was good and masala tea on a cold night added a nice touch. The appetizer (Samosa and pakoras) were ok. We had to ask the staff to refill the empty dishes though. Maybe the restaurant was having an off night so I will try it again during daytime and order from the menu.
I'm a New Yorker and have given up on finding a decent Indian restaurant in university city. My suggestion if you're craving Indian food, skip it!the lunch buffet here is very solid. i was pleasantly surprised by the amount of vegetarian options! usually i find buffets are half meat half veg, but this was like 75% veg. i don't know if i just caught them on a veg heavy day, but i loved that. there was so much to try! all the food was super tasty. i'll definitely be back.Had dinner with my husband on 5/31/2015.  We've been regular diners since the restaurant opened.  
The food is always very satisfying.  My husband favors the Tandoori Chicken. I am partial to goat, the Gobi Gulistan and Spinach Paneer.  They serve fresh Naan to the table.  Chai tea is also available in the buffet.  The condiments are excellent: mint chutney, onion chutney, tamarind chutney, and raita.  Some Indian restaurants water down the chutneys, but this is not the case at the Tandoor India. We also like the Indian desserts.  Great value and delicious.  A great place to satisfy your desire for authentic Indian food.
We bring out-of-town guests here often.
The staff are friendly and attentive.  Great location.I love it here! The service is warm and welcoming; they're always by the door ready to greet you. I feel like I'm walking into one of my Auntie's houses and she's about to serve me a delicious dinner. I love the buffet at lunch and dinner, everything is delicious. It's like Indian comfort food for me.Having gone to India twice I can say that Tandoor India is on par with typical Indian cuisine.
I am fiercely partial to the lunch time and dinner time buffet options.  The selections for the meat eater include goat and chicken.  I am particularly impressed with the meatless options that I had to choose from ever since becoming vegetarian.  Available during my visit were chick peas, hot spinach dishes, steamed cabbage, vegetables fritters all very very tasty.  
The staff is present attentive and well mannered but not intrusive and pushy.
I like the traditional Indian music that plays from the PA system. 
The current decor consists of framed currency from all over the world.
It's spacious enough that I have had several staff in-service meetings here but have also come here alone to feel as if I am transported to India for the length of my low lit flavorful meal and you can comfortably and not be rushed to leave.
This would be an ideal place to bring a date because the food is great and you will not feel crowded or overloaded with the modern day dining added amenities like a booming drowning television.  
-BUFFET-
When you arrive and are seated just know that you then have to get up, get a plate and serve yourself.  When you are done with your food leave your plate on your table, remove your eating utensils, and get up to get more food and your used plate will be removed by the staff.
The buffet is around $9.00 until 4:00pm and $11.00 after.
Shafi, the manager has always been good with me and aims to please his customers.  If this place ever renovates I hope it does not lose its attention to service that keeps so many people coming back for seconds.This buffet leaves a lot to be desired. I find that if you order off of the menu, you will have a much better experience.Tandoor India is the best Indian food in the city, hands down. Whenever I went to New Dehli, I felt like I was being shadowed by the Indian mafia. Besides that, their food was lackluster. Never been back. 
If you're vegetarian or vegan, you absolutely have to get the Vegetable Shahi Kofta (they only serve it on weekends in the buffet) or get it from their menu. It's amazing. Everything else there is highly flavorful and the staff is super accommodating.Solid indian food, typical buffet. Sometimes the people who are taking-out, pick the big pieces of meat our of the curries, but that is not the restaurants fault. Nice place, since it was re-done inside. Good place to come for quick tasty food .So I use to go to this place back in 2005 with my family & haven't been there since, so I decided to go there with some friends. BAD DECISION! They quality of the food had went don't tremendously! We waited 20 minutes for some naan and the waiter got upset when we got new food because ours was cold. The place was NOT sanitary and the chicken had little pieces of rocks o_O Save your $$ and go to New Dali instead!   
Last note: The tandoori chicken was raw, like still bleeding raw!!!I've had delivery from Tandoor India a few times.  Some of the vegetarian dishes I've tried are GREAT and definitely better than others I've had in Philly (including TIffin).  The meat dishes I've tried (chicken & lamb) have been disappointing, except the fish, which was tasty. The raita & veg samosa are not bad.
I'd heartily recommend:
- saag paneer
- channa masala
- malai kofta
4 stars for the veg dishes but I'd avoid the meat dishes in general.I've been to this place a few times over the past two years. Not the best food in my opinion. They have a lunch and dinner buffet, but the options are slim compared to some of the other places around. Good thing is that its never very busy -- so finding an open table is fairly easy!Yes, I'm a fan, though it's a bit hit-or-miss depending on the dish. The dosas and vadas are awesome and a great value, but the idli left and the buffet me disappointed. Still, it's great to have some South Indian veg stuff in Philly, which has had a lack of really good Indian restaurants since Ravi got sick and Samosa Vegetarian closed some years back.We had catered from Tandoor for a club event, and were incredibly happy with not only the food but also the awesome service! Brian, the owner, brought our food to our location himself and helped us rearrange our tables several times! He made sure to constantly check that everything was ok, and whether Tandoor could do anything else. I really think they went the extra mile! Tandoor offered the best price by far! We have already placed our next big order with Tandoor, and look forward to catering from them for many more events to come!The minimum for delivery is $15 here, but the guy on the phone insists it's $20. He just called me back and continues to insist on a $20 minimum. As a courtesy, they should've let me slide, as my order was $16.14. Screw these folks! I'm hungry and angry.