Today again we went this restaurant.its lovely atmosphere and staff was friendly.i took two friends with they also happy about chicken tikka masala,chicken shahi korma and veggie somosa was yammy. We will back again.Excellent fresh large portions true North Indian vegetarian-friendly and great service. They supply complementary popadum as appetizer. Great garlic naan.Service was friendly and attentive and made us feel at home. Food was delicious, but I will say if you like heat, ask for "spicy." I made the mistake of asking for medium and it was closer to mild. I suppose that's better than going overboard and having it be too much. But the flavors were fantastic.
Very accessible menu for those who aren't fully acquainted with Indian food. We had a few questions and our server was very knowledgeable about the cooking process. The more you learn! They also have many options without being overwhelming. Plus they're a BYO and they have a rear seating area to impress your date with.
I hope they're around a while, South Philly doesn't have many options for Indian. Definitely going back here.This was my first time coming here and it did not disappoint. The food was delicious and the service was good. Everytime I eat at an Indian restaurant,  I must order the samosa and nan. The samosa was crispy and was seasoned nicely,  the 3 sauces that came with it made it even better! The garlic nan was piping hot and was topped with the perfect  amount of herbs and garlic. I was hesistant on what to order for my entree so I played it safe and ordered the chicken tikki marsala. I asked the waiter to make it hot because I love spicy food. Lucky for me, it was spicy but not to the point where I couldn't enjoy and taste my food. The chicken was juicy and there was surprisingly a good amount of it because I couldn't finished and had to packed it to go. I can't wait to eat my leftovers tonight, so what does that tell you?The food was fantastic! Full of flavor and spice but not all the cream at some Indian restaurants. The place was inviting and had a great location, even large enough for events. They even have an outdoor The wait staff was diligent and our food came out quickly! Overall a great restaurant that I will be bringing my friends back to.Best Indian food!!! Nice atmosphere and great service!!!! Specially Owner was very customer friendly. If anyone loves Indian food then highly recommended this restaurant!!!! Welcome to the neighborhood and best wishes for them!!!Service was excellent, very attentive and friendly. Food was delicious, we ordered the lamb korma and a chicken dish with ginger (forget the name) and both were great. Also the garlic cheese naan was awesome. 
I'm super excited to see an Indian restaurant open in the neighborhood and hope they stick around.The food is simply amazing! We ordered lamb vindaloo, mixed tandoori, and a couple of other small dishes. The amount of butter and oil was just right and the taste was very authentic. The food came a little slow but it was worth the wait.This is a welcome addition to Passyunk. My first experience with this restaurant was ordering delivery. The food was excellent and delivered quickly. The second time was dining in. Service was prompt and attentive. The food was again excellent and combined authentic Indian flavors with accessibility. Like most Indian restaurants, it is very vegetarian friendly. The nan was great and the samosa chaat as well. They have a large outdoor patio similar to the magic garden on south street. When I went it was too hot to dine outside but I'd like to try it some day.I love Indian food and I found their food good especially the rice but the spice overwhelmed the dish. I couldn't taste anything else. Too many peas in the muttar paneer. But good other wise. I had the mild spice. I can't imagin the hot.Ordered delivery through Yelp and was pleasantly surprised my order arrived in 20-30 minutes! The food was very tasty. We ordered lamb samosas, lamb Rogan josh, chicken shahi korma, and naan. All of the items had great flavor. The chicken was fairly spicy even though I ordered mild, but I enjoy heat so wasn't a problem. We will be ordering again and will definitely be trying the dining in option.Yesterday was our second time visit 
The Palace Of Indian , oh my god it was full of customers and we didn't reserved the table before any way They were able to give us seats, food was awesome as same my first visit . This place is so popular and busy so we can't expect like home service, restaurant was full and whatever they gave us service it was more than enough of our expectations, we visited so many restaurants and somewhere we have to wait outside fo long time for seating, so definitely we got the good service, and they have lot of delivery from Grubhub, 
Definitely come back again,Excellent food and nice atmosphere 
Services is awesome , we ordered Chicken Tikka
Masala , veggie samosa and Garlic & cheese 
Naan , it was delicious and flavorful 
Definitely we will be backJust had lunch at this location. I typically choose Masala dishes. But the owner was super helpful in helping me select something just as tasty. I had a jumbo shrimp dish that was awesome! They have lunch specials until 3. Dinner starts at 4. Definitely a neighborhood gem!This was our first time eating at this restaurant.  We were greeted and seated at a window seat over looking the singing fountain square in Passyunk.  The food was consistently delicious for the four diners.  The vegetarian appetizer offer a mixed pakora.  The entries were as familiar as chicken korma to more complex lamb dishes.  There is the option to select how much heat your taste buds can handle.   Service was very good and friendly.  Will definitely return to this restaurant.I was excited to see an Indian restaurant open up in East Passyunk. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, and the garlic naan to go. (We were in the neighborhood and didn't feel like dining in that night) I'd say the food isn't as authentic as other Indian places I have tried. However, I do think it's a good place for those who never tried Indian food before and would not get too overwhelmed by their strong flavors. Would I come back? It would depend if I'm going with friends who hasn't tried Indian cuisine before.We tried this place last night for the first time - it was fantastic! The staff was really friendly and worked with us on the menu, what level of spice and checked in just the right amount of times. The atmosphere is cozy and has a great view of the square. A bonus is that it's BYO as well. It's a bummer to see so many negative reviews but they seemed to have worked through their growing pains as a new spot in the neighborhood. I'd suggest it for groups too!Loved it, sooo delicious ! I'm definitely coming back massively satisfied with the samosa chat. Be ready for the lady that runs it. She is a little pushy.Were on our way to visit another restaurant in the neighborhood and the mood struck, suddenly for Indian. 
We were not disappointed with our choice. The Palace of Indian staff was very friendly, helpful and attentive. But ultimately, the food was wonderful. Goat Biryani, Lamb Korma & Tandoori Chicken along with vegetarian fritters and garlic naan suited out palates wonderfully. 
Very reasonable cost too!
Visit our new friends.It's awesome! Quick delivery. Yelp wants me  to keep writing because my review is to short. So I'm just going to say it's awesome and it's in my neighborhood and I support it.The food and service were great.  The staff was very accommodating as we brought a stroller and they were about to seat us away from the crowd which we appreciated.
We each had the korma (my wife had chicken, I had lamb) and it was easily the best we've had in Philly. The naan (plain) was amazing...it tasted like the best brick-oven pizza I've had, just without toppings.
If you can get a table near the window, the view of the fountain is nice, and we want to return to eat I'm the back patio ASAP.  
They were very busy with Grub Hub deliveries, so we'll also be ordering from home soon. Great addition to Passyunk Ave!First time going tonight. Spoke with owner, opened exactly one month ago, such nice people. 
Excellent food, great warm environment and extremely clean. Was so full we got to take leftovers home.  I will be back for sure!I wouldn't of even bothered to leave a review if it weren't for how bad the service was. The food was very delicious and the portions were good but my god that service sucked, we were rushed through our entire meal, both servers were condescending. I could tell neither one of them wanted to be there and we asked questions about the menu but they were annoyed to answer. It was Friday night at 7:30pm. We were one of 4 tables. They close at 10:30. We didn't show up right before they closed so it was weird to get such rushed service. Go for the food but maybe just get take out to avoid the shitty service.Super tasty and the server, (maybe proprietor?) was hilariously funny!I would sum up my experince in just 2 simple words.... revolting and vile !
The food was deep fried again. The paneer was clearly frozen. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.So delicious and authentic! Lots of choices! I ate family style with friends and everything I tasted was yummy, the chicken tikka masala being a personal favorite of mine. Also, ask to eat outside, as they have a back patio area with beautiful mosaic, reminiscent of the Philadelphia Magic Gardens.The other night I placed on order on grubhub that ended up coming over 30 mins past the time it was supposed to arrive. I get that grubhub is contracted by the restaurant and sort of its own entity, however when I called to ask about the food, what transpired was by far the rudest interaction I have ever had with an owner. 
When I gave my name, and address I was told there was no record of the order. After asking again, the owner eventually realized he did have my order, but said it's not his problem where the food is and that I needed to call grubhub. I have ordered food enough times to know that sometimes things happen, but I was just trying to find out if the order had been received by the restaurant and if it had left yet for delivery.  The owner was raising his voice to me throughout the call and dismissed the questions as the delivery service's problem. He wouldn't even tell me if the food had been made or was out for delivery. 
Had this review been solely based on the quality of food it would still only be two, maybe three stars. The chicken was dry, and the quantity was lacking. The paneer mutter was flavorless. Not surprisingly there were few cheese cubes. Garlic naan...not even sure what to say about this. Seems like they sprinkle freeze dried garlic on the bread before sticking in the microwave. We also ordered everything spicy and the food didn't have a hint of kick whatsoever. 
On a side note, I have throughly enjoyed reading the owners responses to any reviews below fours stars. There is clearly a pattern of hostility. However, I am thankful to the owner because if it had not been for his flippant responses to my questions, I may not have discovered the much better, and friendlier place a few blocks south, which you should TOTALLY check out. Eagerly awaiting the response to this review.I've eaten here a few times and it's all so delicious. A great addition to the restaurants on the Ave. Twice they gave us a complimentary dish when we went with a larger party. The staff is friendly and the service is great. One of my favorites is the tandoori shrimp.Best Indian in South Philly -- so happy to have it in our neighborhood. Eat in or take out, service is awesome, people are great, and food is so, so good. Highly recommend, all!This is the second time I've ordered from here. Last time, my partner and I both agreed that the meal was very bland, which is rare for him because he doesn't handle spicy very well. Today, I ordered some paneer makhani as a comfort food, I had a crazy dental procedure. Anyway, the curry sauce was very watery and the spice level wasn't accurate. (I ordered medium it was more of a mild). I'd love to try this place again, maybe third time is the charm?I have been here several times. Both times, I had the chili paneer appetizer, which is just amazing. The naan bread is pretty decent, cooked at a high temperature and tasty. The lamb tikka masala tasted fresh but lacked some flavor development. Raita was runny and not very flavorful.
Service is friendly and the dining area and bathrooms are clean. The surrounding area is very safe and many tables have natural light with a view of the Fountain.
This is our go-to place when we must have Indian in South Philly. For even better flavor, though, we make a special trip to New Delhi in University City or King of Tandoor in Fairmount.Every dish we ordered was delicious! The baingan barhta (eggplant) was nuanced and smoky. The owners are very friendly and the service was great! So happy to have great Indian food on east Passyunk!!Food is just ok. Not bad, not very good though.  The chicken tikka masala and rice were fine. However, the naan seemed doughy and undercooked, garlic was better than the plain. The palak paneer was a big let down, just not much flavor at all. My husband got mulligatawany soup, that was just confusing! Came in a small sauce container, seemed much more like a sauce than soup. We really only knew it was the soup by process of elimination from the rest of the order. Nothing was bad but I wouldnt order from again seeing there are many other better options.Just gave this place a shot as my husband and I live in the neighborhood. We won't be going back. Server was rude and flippant, food (malai kofta and lamb korma) both bland, the naan was fine, but oily, but besides the totally underwhelming food and rude waiter, it was SO HOT inside the restaurant that I literally wanted to get out of there after sitting at our table for 5 minutes. Complaining to the wait staff about the heat  at this establishment (even when you are 8.5 months pregnant) just gets you a to go box and smirked at. Don't waste your time and money here and if you're in the mood for good, authentic Indian, just go straight to Ekta.
- update** - I'm not on Yelp to argue with business owners, but the fact that he felt the need to respond so defensively to my review AND accuse me off lying on top of that should really tell you something. AND.... what Indian restart charges for extra rice??? Ridiculous.This place is a gem! We got a variety of veggie and meat dishes and everything was delicious. The service was also very friendly.Delivery was timely and the driver was very nice. The chicken really seems like it was cooked on it's own and then tossed into the sauce, not simmered in the sauce.Ordered chicken Tikka Masala with Medium heat through Uber eats. Was delivered fairly quickly so that was nice but the chicken was over cooked and the sauce was watery(not creamy like it should be) and flavorless. Seems like they reheated leftovers and added water to make it liquid-y. Extremely disappointed.Had chicken tika masala with naan. The food was made with love, and it was neatly packaged. Will def order from them againI am giving 3 stars, not because of the food but due to the service. I went with my wife and friend for lunch on a Sunday. We were the only patrons in the restaurant and decided to eat in the outdoor section in the back. It is gorgeous back there with beautiful mosaic art. Having lived in an Asian country, I found the food to be very authentic and not too Americanized. The spice was right, the meat was tender and the portions were huge! The server, however, was a bit standoffish and didn't seem as if we wanted to be there. When asking about WiFi he said they had it but he didn't know the password. We asked a little about certain dishes and he was unwilling to explain further. I will certainly give it another go, but might get take out instead of eating in.We ordered from here tonight for carry out. The portions are quite large and each entree can easily feed 2-3 people. We ordered the lamb biriyani, chicken tikka masala, shrimp, and chill chicken. 
The ordering was very easy and the food was fresh and hot. We ordered most of our food at a "hot" level of spice and really enjoyed it. The food had a great kick. 
We would definitely recommend this place and will be ordering from here again!Literally so good. Ordered from here at least 10 if not more times and EVERY TIME it was delivered so fast and the food had me dreaming of what I ate. Had to leave a review because everyone deserves this much love in their food.In-person dining was incredibly slow and the waitress had an attitude problem. Spent most of the meal incredibly thirsty due to poor service. Food was average at best-- any redeeming qualities were overshadowed by the long wait time and rude treatment. My party was also over-charged on our bill-- when we asked our waitress about it she claimed she served us a dish we did not receive and refused to refund us. Would not recommend this place to anyone.I honestly would never support a business that treats it's customers so poorly just out of principle!! Worst restaurant experience of my entire life. My family was seated and there for over 2 hours while we watched them rush take out non stop and never tend to us. Our waitress (owner?) was very rude and didn't come to our table until 25 mins after we got there to take our drink order. She charged us for naan that we ordered "to go" but then we open the container at home and she only gave us a container of rice not naan?! We called and lady screamed at us on phone saying we are wrong? Insanity! Never met such a nasty woman in my life. Food wasn't that good either, don't order from here they will screw you over. The other bad reviews on here are right and some guy will probably comment on this and say we are wrong but he is trying to cover it up. What restaurant screams and yells on phone to its customers who just wanted to enjoy a nice night out ?This is my new favorite Indian Delivery in Philadelphia. The veggies were so fresh and tasty. The sauces were amazing. The NAAN to die for. We had chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, veggie curry, and spinach/potatoes. Each were the best I've ever had.This place is amazing 
Food is excellent and great service 
We got chicken shahi korma 
Lamb tikka masala and garlic naan
Everything was so delicious 
We will be back againReally good, authentic Indian at a reasonable price. Super friendly owner and chill atmosphere (back patio in the warmer months has nice charm). I hope this place survives the crowded E. Passyunk neighborhood. It's a gem!The food was ok, but a bit bland. We love Indian food, so we have experience with which to compare this. Here, medium spicy seems to mean bland. I will compliment them on the rice, as that is so often a weak point. 
The real problem was the service. We were only the second table when we arrived, and the other was occupied by just one person. The woman server seemed nice enough, if not warm and friendly. But, the man was just rude. He doesn't even seem to know how to place dishes when they arrive; he just handed the platters/bowls to us and we had to set them down. His entire attitude was one of being irritated - by the presence of customers!  As we were leaving, he rushed up to a table of two women who arrived after we did. He snapped at them that they had to pay cash, because his card processor was down or something.  They were both startled and neither had enough cash on them. I don't know how that worked out. I'll just reiterate that this man, apparently the owner, is unpleasant. None of us at dinner - 3 of whom live nearby - will go back.Brian Newmark visited The Palace is Indian for the first time. WOW!  The food was excellent!!!
We over ordered way too much because there are so many great things on the menu. We had Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori mixed grill,Lamb Rohan Josh, Bhindi Masala, Dal Makhani, Mutter Mushroom Curry, maybe more. Everything was Great. 
I eat a lot of Indian food and can't say enough good things about Palace of Indian!!!!  Service was also great!  Don't forget rice puddingWe were a little desperate last night because many of the restaurants in the Passyunk area closed up really due to the curfew - there was confusion about the curfew time which was actually 8 pm.  We showed up unannounced at POI, ordered on the spot, and got our food quickly.  We want people to know that this place turns out FABULOUS Indian food.  Everything was excellent especially the chicken dish.  Such nice people too!We ordered 3 items, chicken tika masala, paneer makhani, and palak paneer. The portions we got were great, they all came with a full serving of rice. Enough to share with another person. With that being said, the flavor for all three dishes was not there. It was very watered down, bland and sweet, not at all spicy. What we got looked nothing like the pictures posted on Yelp. I've eaten plenty of Indian food to know that's not how it's supposed to taste like. Very disappointed. Was hoping this place would be good. Wouldn't order again, although the workers were nice when we called to ask questions. The only reason for the 3 stars.