This place is fantastic!  Delicious, simple, healthy. Literally could not ask for anything more, especially at under $10! Beef is my favorite but I could also go for the chicken. If you haven't been here and you are still reading this review, stop what you are doing and go right now.I called in an order for a chicken dish, and it was hot and ready 10 minutes later when I arrived.  The owner was very friendly and made some conversation.  The food was hot and tasty.  The ingredients were made well, with good flavor and texture.  I got chicken and a coke and the total was roughly $10, and I was stuffed.  I would definitely go back there again.The menu isn't extensive but great to go to if you're craving a classic bibimbap.  I would recommend the extra dollar for the stone bowl.  The man who runs the shop is sweet and makes sure you have a good dine in experience.   Also, the location is close to the Magic Gardens.Solid rice and fresh vegetables. Pricey for what you get, although understandable given that the location is on South St. Also try the panjeon (Korean pancake) and yukgaejang (beef stew) on a cold winter day. Small restaurant, seems like most people take their food to go. Very friendly staff.I ordered from BAP using UberEats, and enjoyed it. The food was warm and delicious, and there was a nice ratio of meat and vegetables to rice. I liked their kimchi as well, which they did manage to keep at a cooler temperature than the bibimbap.Little disappointed considering all the stellar reviews.
The veggie bibimbap was delicious but the yukgaejang was just ok, and a tiny portion despite being labeled as 16 oz. Also, it didn't come with rice which I thought was weird, and they charged me $2 for a small bowl of white rice, so the $4.95 yukgaejang became a $6.95 yukjgaejang. The pa-jeon was just ok too. 
I guess Philly has a pretty weak Korean food scene in general, but I wanted this place to be a little better. If it was next door I'd probably hit it up every now and then, but the problem is that we're not that close to here, and its just not good enough to warrant going very far for it. 
Inside only seats six.Fresh, delicious, and satisfying. Perfect dinner to pick up on the way home from work.
Don't tell my mom, but it's better than the bibimbap I grew up eating :OI will be eating here every time I go to Philly in the future.
It's a little place - primarily take out, i think.  just two people in the kitchen prepping and cooking and waiting tables / tending register.
the bibimbap is great - super fresh, flavorful, spicy (if you like it spicy- or not if you tell them not to make it spicy), filling without being a gut buster.
if only every meal could be this satisfying and wholesome....Great bibimbap! Fresh veggies, great flavor and very reasonable. The owners are very nice as well. This is our favorite bibimbap in the city!BAP is a quaint hole-in-the-wall thats great to pop in for bibimbap or to grab take out. The menu is short and sweet (no frills), but the food hits the spot!
You walk up to the front and order; there's no true waitstaff. It seemed like only one man was running the place when we came in, but considering that, we didn't wait very long at all for our food. 
My dolsot bibimbap came out delightfully sizzling. I thought the flavor was excellent, and the egg was the perfect amount of gooey. I finished the entire bowl (something I've never managed before) and was just the right amount of full.
For $11, I'll definitely be going back!Gripped a veggie bibimbap, gotta say it was tasty, I'll come again, but I don't think I'll bring friends because I don't have anyMostly rice, very little meet. Dol sot pot was not hot enough to crisp the rice.I LOVE THIS PLACE. I would eat lunch here twice a week if I could. As it is I go out of my way to come here. The tofu bibimbap is my go to but the menu is so healthy, tasty, filling and affordable!! The owner is so sweet and there are 5 small tables (no server) for eating in. So convenient. Go here often :)Really cute place that is run by a husband and wife team. The Bibimbap in a stone pot was delicious and fairly priced. The portion size was solid and I left feeling completely satisfied. I agree that this is a hidden gem and worth going to, especially if you live in the area. Also, I like supporting nice small businesses like these. The owners were very friendly and nice and other than the Bibimbap, my wife really liked the Ginger Cinnamon Tea. 
Of note, they take Credit Cards. I think the yelp reviews previously had said cash only. 
4+ for the food, extra star for kindness.Came here on a Tuesday at 8:40 w/my SO. We ate in and ordered the chicken bibimbap, the dolsot beef bibimbap, and the homemade ginger cinnamon tea.  
The good:
- The chicken was moist and tender and the beef was seasoned perfectly. Both had awesome flavor and were generously portioned. 
- Great veggies in the bibimbap (and all very fresh): cucumber, red cabbage, broccoli, zucchini, bean sprouts, etc. 
- Perfectly cooked runny egg =]
- The owner/cook is incredibly sweet!!
The less good: 
- The rice to meat/veggie ratio wasn't great. They should either give less rice or give more veggies & meat
- The ginger cinnamon tea was a bit bland. It could have benefitted from a bit of sugar. 
- Not the best place to eat in (it seems like people go more for take out). It's sort of bleak and depressing...Stopped in for lunch around noon on a Saturday. I expected it to be busy, but there was only one other couple there. We both got bibimbap, I got tofu, he got beef. He also tried shrimp pancakes and kimchi. Both of us enjoyed our stone bowls. My only complaint is that it was spicy, which some people may not love, but I enjoyed it. One thing that was noted is that the beef is scarce, but the portion overall was good. He also liked both other dishes, declaring the kimchi the best ever. In addition, we both got the ginger cinnamon tea that is made in house. While I liked that it was not sweet, he would have preferred a lift sweetness. This is a great spot with excellent service and good food.Great bibimbap! Fresh veggies, great flavor and very reasonable. The owners are very nice as well. This is our favorite bibimbap in the city! Truly a hidden gem.I am always on the lookout for good Korean food in the USA, and this hole one the wall
restaurant serves good, non-fussy, fresh, and healthy food.Uh I don't understand why there is such a craze for this place. When I went, the restaurant was empty, which is fine with me since the food should have come out faster. But it still took 20 minutes. With that said, my bibimbap came out cold. Like not cold because it's meant to be served cold, but cold as in the food was already cold when it got to our table. I don't know how you can really go wrong with bibimbap but this place does not deserve 4.5 star. The owner was nice so I feel bad for giving this a bad review, but the food is not that great. Won't be going back again.A bare-boned place, so don't expect a lot of ambiance, that being said....I don't need ambiance as long as the food is good. BAP has a nice short menu and the bibimbap was wonderfully prepared and delicious. 
I will be coming back for more!
I also saw they added pajeon (korean savory pancake) to the menu, and i'll definitely be trying that on my next visit.
the price is great too - compare it to Rice & Mix on Walnut (also a favorite of mine) and i think BAP can hold its own...price is more affordable too!
The proprietor is also a very friendly man, courteous and helpful too. The portions are large - so there was no mistaking it would keep you sated.The best 'hole in the wall' places keep it simple and do a few things well - this guy does exactly that.  There's not a lot about bibimbap to screw up, and a lot of it hinges on fresh crisp vegetables and your gochujang/kochujang.  This guy makes a bangin' gochujang and everything is done exactly how it should be.  I had a chicken bibimbap, but the protein you pick really doesn't impact the dish very much, honestly.
It's not particularly traditional, but it does have the basic spirit of bibimbap:  take a bunch of leftover vegetables and turn it into something new.  Mine had fresh broccoli, carrots, cucumbers and sprouts - none of them seemed to be dressed or pickled.  Honestly, no flavor was lost by that - the kochujang seasons it perfectly.
I'll certainly be back.I wanted to love this place. I've passed by for years while wandering South Street, always keeping in mind that there's a cute, convenient little place that solely sells bibimbap. Finally took the plunge one day and went to order the 'bap. 
I've had my fair share of Korean rice in stone pots that have warmed my soul and whet my appetite. This came to me in a large aluminum bowl to accentuate the size of the meal. I wasn't completely wowed even knowing full well the guy prepared it just there and then. Good assortment of veggies, rice, meat but definitely echo some of the other reviewers here - it just wasn't enough. Typically bibimbap makes me keel over from sheer amazingness; quality and quantity and delicious. This gave me more of an: it's alright, feels sufficient. Lots of options for similar prices on South Street and surrounding area but if you want 'bap quick and easy, it can be an easy fix for you.Very small and casual. Counter walk up with sit down and take out options. Fast, kind service. If you are looking for solid, quick, cheap bibimbap, this is the place for you!This place is super cute and homey! Really good food and super fast! Will definitely order from here again!I created an account just to write this. 
This place is terrific. The gentleman who runs it is very nice, and its modest appearance belies the quality of food on offer.
The menu is quite small, but the bibimbap is excellent. $8 gets you a whole meal of fresh vegetables, quality meat (or tofu), and just the right amount of heat. There is no heavy-handed dousing of sauce all over the vegetables, and you can finish a meal without feeling like a hot mess. I've sampled almost the whole menu, and each time the experience is the same - a full stomach, great taste, the freshest ingredients, quick service, and a kind proprietor. I'm not sure what else you could ask for. Highly, highly recommended.This restaurant is a neighborhood gem. You can get really delicious and healthy food fast here. The owners are also super sweet. It's a perfect place for takeout.I no longer live an Philly and this might be the place I miss most.  Everything on the menu is delicious, authentic and consistent.  The atmosphere for a hole in the wall on South Street is perfectly fitting.  I always enjoyed the classical music, tasteful decor and the friendly service that makes one truly feel welcome.  I can't wait to come back next time I'm in Philly.  Thanks for all the great meals!I came here right before closing one night. I lived right outside of Koreatown in LA for about a year so I think I might be a bit critical. The food here was okay. I definitely think it's overpriced for what you get. I had the chicken bibimbap and still felt hungry afterwards. 
Customer service was a 10/10. Super friendly people!Very delicious, fresh, fast and a good price! The menu is small, but the flavor is not. I got the vegetable bibimbap and my husband got the beef. We also got a small kimchi (nice and crunchy) and a hot ginger cinnamon tea. Everything was great!Absolutely delicious little mom and pop joint. Prices were a tad high for the amount of food but still worth it. Try the cinnamon ginger iced tea.I've been meaning to come here for the longest time and I'm so glad I finally did! It's a hole in the wall and the menu is very minimal, so you know that they've perfected every item. I got the beef bap and the sauce is so good, they have a bottle of sauce if you'd like to add more. You can dine in or take out. The inside is a cute little spot and the man taking orders was very sweet. As you can see I killed the bowl.Cute little Korean couple serving authentic Korean bibimbap. As someone who grew up eating bibimbap, I can say it taste just like my mom's. I will definitely be going back! Great food, great portion, great price. I highly recommend this place!Very nice korean bibimbap on the go. 
It's a small menu so it's great for people that wanna come and look at a simple menu in front of ur face and go.
I do like the japchae, but it was half the box. And do they mean by "vegetable" japchae because there wasn't any meat.
But in my opinion, you get what you pay for the beef bibimbap.
The vegetables and rice did not even fill up half of the height of the take out bento box. The marinated beef was good though.
I was full but it's not enough for a male tummy FYI.It isn't the best bibimbap in Philly, but it is a decent deal and a great quick lunch or dinner if you are in the area. The owners are very nice and the food comes out hot if you get the hotpot bibimbap. The bowl isnt really a stone bowl like how I have usually had it, which was disappointing. I enjoy Giwa and Tampopo more for my hotpot bibimbap needsI was a little sad to know that my local Chinese takeout spot was no longer there.... But am thrilled to welcome a Korean mixed rice bowl takeout!!! I heard there were going to be other new additions to the menu and I can not wait. I got the beef bibimbap and there were all different kinds of vegetables: red cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, zucchini, and cucumbers. I picked beef which tasted like bulgogi (Korea. Style sweet/soy marinated beef) and it came with a perfectly over easy egg on top. The red sauce that was on the side was perfectly portioned (even though the guy gave me extra) i could see it being a little spicy for people who can't handle the heat so just be cautious and taste before you mix!!!  For $5 it is definitely worth it. I'll be back again for sure!!!If you like things healthy, authentic and naturally flavorful, this is your place. I highly recommend the chicken bibimbap and cinnamon ginger tea. I don't detect added sugar anywhere, just clean fresh eats.
I would rate this as my personal favorite bibimbap I've ever had in the US. I've had it all up and down the east coast, mainly in the DC/NoVa area where I'm from.Ahh what can I say?  BAP is truly a  hidden gem on South Street.  The food is absolutely delicious and satisfying.  They provide the perfect portion for such a reasonable price.  The sauce they serve is out of this world and keeps me coming back for more.  The owner is the sweetest man-- always friendly and serves with a smile.  I visit BAP every Thursday (sometimes more)!  My favorite, quick, take out meal!  Keep it up BAP, you rock!I love this place. I come here probably twice a month. Quick, easy, healthy (relatively) and cheap (once again, relatively).Great bibimbap--fresh ingredients, well seasoned.  Plus I can walk to it from my house!  My partner and I both had the tofu bibimbap and beef soup.  Delicious!BAP!! My cousin and I got a beef bibimbap!! The taste was very scrumptious! The vegetables are definitely fresh. Every time I took a bite, a crunch could be heard! Nom nom nom! For the meat, it's seasoned properly and the portion ratio was just right. The reason I'm giving it three stars is because it wasn't warm at all! Beef was room temperature! Kind of felt like I was eating leftovers that wasn't microwaved! Maybe it was because we came the last twenty minutes, who knows.  We also got the pancake! It was so crispy, which I like! 
Customer service! The owner was extremely nice for letting us come in, even though it was closing in 20 minutes! He kindly let us try his homemade tea! He's a really humble guy!! 
I'd come back again to try a different type of bibimbap though. Hopefully it'll be warm next time!Great little spot with a super friendly owner. 
Beef Bimbebap in a Dolsot:
Great spice, great flavor, and great texture.  The rice is creamy on top with crispy rice on the bottom. Veggies were nice and crisp too. Beef was tender. The egg on top speaks for itself. The only thing this dish needed was a touch of soy sauce/salt which I added at home and made it 10x more flavorful.BAP is one of my neighborhood favorites. The place is run by an older Korean couple and they are two of the nicest people you will meet. Major points for a family owned spot with kind people and good service.
There's not much to say really: it's exactly what you'd expect Bibimbap to be. The menu is small. It's basically Bibimbap and then Kimchi with some specials that change from time to time. The only negative, but not enough to take off a point, is that the portion sizes are quite small for what you pay. I always order extra meat and it still doesn't fill me up. I'm not even a big eater. The only thing I'd recommend is go elsewhere if you're starving. I'm not sure this will satisfy you fully.
Points for: Service, neighborhood place, BYOB (I think? I've never eaten there. Always takeout).
Negatives: Portion sizeBAP is awesome! Really great food, fresh ingredients, and the owners are very nice (they gave us a free pajeon). If you have a little time, it's a great stop before going to the Kimmel Center. 
My only comment is that I wish the bibimbap was a bit warmer. But it didn't ruin my experience at all.Love their bibimbap, especially in the restaurant with the stone bowl. Their kimchi is also delicious and the chef is always friendly.BAP is as good as it gets for a hole in the wall bibimbap shop..... the decor is charming and warm, the owner is welcoming, and the food is delicious and fresh.  Lots of tender chicken and vegetables and a perfectly runny egg in the chicken bibimbap... the kimchi is nicely funky and moderately hot... I love the spicy ginger cinnamon beverage... service is quick and friendly.  I wish it were open later and on Sundays, that's my only complaint.I'm breaking a personal rule here by writing a review after a single visit.  But--what can I say?-- it was a terrible, horrible, no-good meal.  My fellow Yelpers deserve to know!
I had the pajeon (vegetable pancake) and it was disastrous.  Now maybe you can fault me and say that when I go to a place called "Bap," I should order the namesake bibimbap.  Ok, that's fair.  
On the other hand, if you can't adequately prepare a dish, don't offer it on your menu!  
This pajeon, a sort of egg+vegetable concoction, was tasteless, utterly without taste!  I couldn't even taste the vegetables that I could actually see in the pancake!  There also appeared to be something similar to cornmeal in the pancake.  
It was like eating fried construction paper. 
Even though I only spent/wasted a little over $5 on this meal, I left the restaurant hungry, disappointed, sad, and livid.  
Not the way that you want to feel when you leave a restaurant.  
Never again, BAP, never againWe trekked down to this hole in the wall after seeing the first reviews on Yelp and it didn't disappoint!  There is no quality place in Center City to get Korean food and it made me really sad.  Bi Bim Bap is so delicious and BAP makes a standard traditional version with all the pickled veggies you could want.  The portion of meat on the dish was a little small for my protein-focused boyfriend so maybe it would be good if they offered a double meat option?  The cinnamon tea was soooo good- I never thought about cinnamon tea before and I'm not sure why it doesn't exist in more places.  Anytime I need some Korean comfort food I will definitely head down to BAP.  It is a little hard to come from afar though because they have very limited seating!  Great for takeout though.Awesome little place, they do a great job focusing on a few classic items. The kimchi was some of the best I've had in CC, service was fast and friendly and the portions were satisfying. Great stuff!Really good service, amazing food with fresh and yummy ingredients, and fast delivery. I love the mushrooms in the bimbibap, and the numerous variety of veggies. Cheap, friendly, and awesome, I love this place!A small, mom and pop type restaurant, this is primarily a takeout place, but it has a few small tables where you can sit and enjoy a meal.
The menu is quite simple - bimibap made with your choice of beef, chicken, tofu, etc. Ordered the beef and was not disappointed! The dish was prepared quickly - fresh ingredients, great taste. Don't miss out on the vegetable pancakes while you're there.