Walked by this place and decided to check it out. Great beer and burger place, made even better knowing many things were organic. You can order from the menu, or create your own burger. They also have rotating beers and specials. Nice atmosphere and staff. Burgers don't come with anything, so order from the sides if you want some fries. (There's also sandwiches and salads if you don't want a burger) Vegetarian friendly.I was trying to find a decent place for dinner tonight for my moderately health conscious self when I came across this place. After figuring out what I wanted and put the Be My Bison burger in my cart for the online order, I realized it would be over a two mile round trip excursion from my job. Defeated, I started to search elsewhere but I could not get that burger off of my mind. I came back a few hours later and submit my order. I hiked it there and it just came out of the kitchen as I walked in.  I grabbed my burger and continued on my way back to work. O-M-G! Absolutely in love with this place. It has been quite the task to try and find healthy places that fit my diet but this is a dream come true! Thank You!Stopped for a very healthy burger while visiting Philly after performing a nearby Prince tribute show; discovered one of the greatest burger places on planet earth! Thank you Alya & company at Bareburger!! 
(-: 
Andrew von Gregor 
Pro Session & Touring Guitarist 
Los AngelesTerrible service, food came out cold even after waiting about 1 hour during lunch, way too pricey. Don't waste your time.Awesome burgers. I went adventurous and tried the Wiki Wiki, which is wild boar with duck bacon. My wife had the Buckaroo which was a beef patty topped with brisket. Both were very tasty. A little on the smaller side, but great flavors make up for it in spades. Fries and rings were great too.Ready for some unique meat burgers?
From Bison to Elk, Bareburger has you covered. Not to be left out, they also boast a nice selection for vegetarians.
While here on a visit, I had the El Matador.  A Bison burger with Queso Fresco, pickled jalapenos, guacomole. green leaf, and pico de gallo on a brioche bun. 
Can you say mouth party?!  Between the juiciness of the bison burger and the snap of the jalapenos & pico de gallo; I was delighted. 
In addition to my burger I noshed on the spicy pickles and fries with an assortment of dips. 
If I ever find myself in the area again, I will not hesitate to make stop.To update, the business owner has been in contact and has apologized and made up for it. Overall the Bareburger experience in Center City does have potential to be a good restaurant to check out.Insane!   The best foodie joint I've eaten at for fast casual chain....   Burgers are amazing!! But you MUST try the onion rings.....Burgers were ok. Service was a little slow, which was surprising considering it was dead in there. Apps were fantastic!No more Maine Root???? No more Pimento cheese??? It's these items that made this place a go to for us. No longer.If you're looking for fresh spins on the classic burger, this place is for you. Huge fan of the firequacker and the onion rings. Oh and did I mention their milkshakes are incredibleeee! The service is quick and the food is fresh every time! This place is fire.I'm a big fan of "exotic" meats.  Went to Bareburger two days in a row.  First time I had a Wild Boar burger (The Wiki).  Good sprouted wheat bun.  It was dressed with pineapple relish and duck bacon.  Meat was a bit underdone, even though cooked medium.  Delicious burger overall. And very good sweet potato fries.  Second day I had a build-your-own Elk burger with Blue Cheese and Alfalfa Sprouts with a side Kale Salad.  Again, meat was undercooked.   I ordered the hemp milk bun, a gluten free option.  Good flavored bun, but dry and crumbly.  I think toasting of this bun is NOT needed.  Going back today for a third visit.  I plan on a goat burger.  Stay tuned!I thought this burger joint was phenomenal! I ordered a chicken burger with pepper jack, bacon, guacamole, pico and ranch and the flavors were excellent. The chicken was AMAZING. I also thought our waiter was very attentive and helped with recommendations as well. This is a very cute/ hip place that seemed filled with the typical gluten free hipster but I really enjoyed it!Really cute new burger joint... Kind of a rustic grey decor that sets the tone for its exotic array of beef, elk, boar, and goat burgers. I had the elk and it was fantastic...I'm in town for a conference and turned to yelp delivery for an easy in-room dinner. This place looked good so we gave it a shot. The ease of ordering was great. Interesting menu with a lot of choices. Our food was delivered to our door about 10 minutes before the projected delivery time. The food was tasty but not out of this world. The portions were rather small and one of the burgers was over-cooked. Overall it was good though. I'd eat it again but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.So.. I needed dinner.. this place is close to home. A burger sounded like a good time. 
The Good - Burger was yum (El Matador) // They have a good beer selection // The staff is nice and attentive. 
The Not so great - Burger and fries didn't come out at the same time & I spent 34.00 for a burger, fries and a beer. This included the tip I left.. But 34 bucks for a freaking burger fries and beer?? come on dude. 
Ill be back, but for the lunch special which looks to be the best time to go.I expected to go there, try the veggie burger and leave without giving it that much thought.
It turns out a place that sells a lot of beef might become the new vegan hot spot of Philadelphia.
They label their menu which shows they are attuned to the concerns of vegans. So they meet the bare minimum. Good thing they surpass it.
For starters, get the pickles and slaw "bare snack". Two kinds of vegan slaw. The whole thing is fantastic. It made the perfect sharing item for a party of three.
They also have so many toppings and sides that are vegan. The vegan sandwiches they offer can be modified to add these items such as chickpea onions and stout onions. 
My wife and I split two vegan sandwiches, Guadalupe burger and the Mazuma tempeh sandwich. Both were great. I especially appreciate that they make their own veggie burger. No Morningstar Farms here.
For dessert we had the vegan carrot cake. The only item we ate that we didn't love. I would skip it net time.
Seriously, the meal I just had there compares very favorable to the many great all-vegan restaurants in Philadelphia. I am very very impressed.I cannot say enough good things about Bareburger!! First, let me begin by saying that I have been here twice so far and both times I have had the best burger in my entire life. Absolutely exceptional!! The quality of their food is top line, the best - if you need convincing, go to their website or better yet, give it a try because I promise they will not disappoint!! Their service is also great, but they do get rushes and there could possibly be a wait depending on when you go to dine in. The good thing about this place though, is you can order to go! If I lived in the area, I would definitely order out all the time. The restaurant itself is very clean, it's just a little small, but it's nice and intimate and the atmosphere is fun!! I would and have driven from the suburbs, sat in traffic, just to eat here - it's THAT amazing!! For those who are looking for a vegan or gluten free place to eat, this is it and for those who are looking for a delicious meal, this is also the place!! The first time I went with a group of friends, the manager stopped by several times to ensure we were getting nothing but great service. I could go on and and on and on about how earth shattering their food is, but I implore anyone who reads this to go!! Also, save room for dessert (I know this can be challenging) but their milkshakes are to die for!! What are you waiting for, go now!!It was my first time here. I love the wild boar burger with the duck bacon. OMG! It was so interesting. Duck bacon I never heard of it before. I'll be going back. I also sweet potato fries.I had the elk burger here and was completely underwhelmed. My wife had a beef burger and she declared it excellent. If it weren't for that I think I'd give it 2 stars. Service was spotty at best. If i went back, which i might, i would definitely go with the beef burger. When in rome i guess, but that Elk burger was really not very good at all - i do not recommend it - if that's the best they got for an elk burger they should pull it off the menu. Decor was kinda cool. ;-)I love Bareburger and have dined at many Bareburger locations in NYC, but this one is by far the worst. I have eaten here twice. Both times I was seated and then had to wait 15 minutes for a server to even approach my table. The food takes very long to come out, and I had to find somebody to ask for the check, since my server never checked in with us. Strange too since it's a relatively small location. A very frustrating experience.Big fan of this place and don't know why it's not overflowing with people. Aside from the many delicious burger/sandwich items on the menu, you can create your own burger with a huge array of options to choose from, including: bison, wild boar and elk! The space inside is open, light and airy, a little kitschy albeit. They have a bar in the back and a few TVs also spaced around the restaurant. Servers were friendly and attentive. Great place for a good quality burger.I always bring my friends here when they're visiting from out of town. They always love it even if they're not into burgers! Gotta say this place never ceases to please. Their whole look and feel and belief system is awesome. 
They're big on recycling, so all their locations are made up of old torn down barn parts, including the tin ceiling tiles, the chairs, tables, most of the decorations, etc. I love their take out menu. It's pocket-sized and really cute with a great selection of items that are all made to order. It's a little harder to follow that their dine-in menu but even their dine-in menu can be a bit overwhelming to follow. My favorite topping is the chickpea onions: its just shoestring onions dipped in a chickpea batter and fried to a crisp. Goes great on any burger! The appetizers are really pricey and are only really worth it if there's a bunch of people eating. Good for groups. The pickle and slaw appetizer is a good one to share. The sweet potato fries and other side items are just enough.
My favorite server there is Heaven who always knows just what to recommend and is very charming in her presence. My friends love having her wait on us. She is always smiling and keeping things upbeat! The bar staff are a great group too. they are always willing to mix drinks up together for you. I always mix the iced teas together (which are all really good with a little agave).  
Seriously loving the Philly location. Wish they stood out more. Its dark from the outside and pretty easy to miss, even with the marquee sign outside. The space is great, love the booth seating and the bear theme. 
Bare Burger is pricey but so worth it. The ingredients are always fresh and the menu has something for everyone. Lots of customization in their burgers make it even more enjoyable. Definitely give it a shot if you're feeling down and want to treat yo' self. :)I didn't want to risk having a dry burger, so I picked bison meat, specifically the Southern Caviar which also contains bacon, pimento cheese, stout onions, and a horseradish remoulade.  I didn't pick up on the onions or remoulade- the bacon and pimento cheese stood out as the heavyweight topping champions.  I have to admit, the bison burger was thick and cooked to a nice pink, medium. I could actually envision my bison roaming around happily in his humane pasture.  It wasn't very seasoned, but the salt from the bacon and tang of the cheese balanced it out. I also liked the hearty, seeded brioche bun. A side of spicy pickles instead of fries ensured that I could walk out without feeling gross in the stomach area. I ended up being way less upset that I spent $13 on a chain burger than I thought, in fact, I would recommend spending the money on a Bareburger burger.SoCal burger = so darn good!  So good, that I've eaten at Bareburger on at least 5 occasions, but always order the same darn thing!! Avocado, pickled onions, and I always add a little jalapeño for some extra heat ...
I also love that they deliver.  As such, Bareburger has been my default lunch option for rainy days when I'm in no mood to leave the office.Not the best burgers in the city, but it's my favorite out of the other burger-oriented places in the area. They have a large menu with interesting options, different meats and milkshakes. The hot honey is delicious. 
They serve some of their chicken sandwiches with funky cuts of meat, so if you're a white-meat only eater then ask before ordering. I've had one bad experience with an order and the manager rectified it, so they're fine in my book.
Have ordered delivery a few times and it always came within their estimated time.Food is solid and they have many unique options such as elk and wild boar. Definitely check out their menu if you are interested. Small portion compared to most burger places. The only downside is that the service is super slow - not enough waiter/waitresses. To be honest, this place doesn't have to be a sit down restaurant and will do just fine allowing self service. My roommate and I waited over 40 minutes for our burgers, which was a bit annoying.Amazing food. Ridiculously high quality ingredients. Definitely will come back whenever I get a chance.I was fiending a burger last week to pick up and devour in the car and this was the closet joint to my location.  I ordered the house burger and sweet potato fries and it came out to about $18.  The bun was airy and light, the meaty part was cooked fine and the sweet potato fries were average.  All in all it was a solid meal but left my super Asian metabolism wanting more and overall worth of the meal felt more in the $12 range.  I liked the inside vibe of the place too as it brought a tranquility to my random anxious states.The excellence in food and service that was there when they opened has been completely maintained. With the high quality of the ingredients, I never feel weighed down after I eat here. Milkshake is my favorite in the city.I ate at bareburger for lunch today. Started with the pickles and salads. All of the pickles were yummy. I liked the one salad (coleslaw like salad) but didn't love the wasabi carrot salad. My fiancé ordered the Hog Wild (wild boar, pimento cheese, fried egg, chickpea onions, green tomato, brioche bun), which was sooo good! I ordered the Cali fresh salad and added the black bean as my meat. I didn't realize that when you add meat to your salad, it comes in a burger form. So I had a black bean burger on top of my salad. The salad was ok. It had a lot of bean sprouts and lacked on the amount of kale. I wouldn't go here for a salad. I would go back for their burgers. Next time I'll have to try a shake.Like others, I've been a fan of Bareburger. Today, I am disappointed and questioning that I'll go back, even with a groupon and a $10 credit. 
BOTTOM LINE: I invest in you; you need to invest in customer service training and scripting. 
I've been to Brooklyn Bareburger a bunch of times for dine-in and takeout. No problems. 
I dined in once at Walnut St. and had no complaints worth writing. Today, I ordered takeout, and am now doubting that I will ever go back. 
I ordered the Wiki Wiki and a full order of sweet fries (with curry ginger ketchup) to go. I drank a Mexican Mule while I waited; no complaints about the drink. I live a distance from the restaurant, so I wasn't expecting the perfect experience when I got home. I just wanted my Bareburger. 
While waiting, I sent the groupon to skeptical friends. You know, the ones who can't see paying over $20 for a burger and fries. Yeah, I was a fan. I left happy. 
When I got home, I saw that I'd been given a side order of regular fries with a single packet of generic ketchup. Disappointing, yes, but not fatal. What ruined the experience was poor communication. 
The bartender, whom I'd liked, first responded by saying he hadn't bagged my order (not helpful, since we both knew I was there, and already knew this). Then he added that he would look into the problem. If only he had said the second part without the first. At one point, he commented that he knew I was so looking forward to the sweet fries. This sounded condescending, particularly since I hadn't shared any sweet fry fetish with him. After he offered me a credit for exactly what I was missing, I asked to speak with a manager. 
The manager's (John's) first response was "But that was a while ago." I offered to send a snapshot of what I'd received, and he declined. I then told him just how far away I live. I won't write about how inappropriate it is to begin a customer service call with skepticism. I'm not a trainer at Bareburger. But the implications of this sort of approach can be found in the writing of Ta Nehisi Coates. 
Then John confused my complaint, thinking I'd received sweets when I wanted plain fries. I corrected him, as did a voice in the background. Then John suggested that everything was probably gross by the time I got home. It sounded and felt as snarky/dismissive/disrespectful/unhelpful as it reads. I asked him to clarify the point of that statement. He dropped that tactic, and explained that they'd normally deliver the corrected order, but I was too far away. I expressed that I understood. 
I asked John to tell me what he COULD do, since a credit for exactly what I was missing seemed inadequate. He asked me how I'd paid (groupon plus a credit card), told me he could look into contacting groupon, and told me he didn't know how that worked. I asked again "What CAN you do John?" I also explained, again, that an even credit wasn't enough for the current disappointment. 
Finally, he explained that they usually add a little extra to the credit, to make up for a past error. He used the price of a side order as an example. I asked him what the credit would be for exactly what I'd ordered. Then we got to $10 and an apology. 
I still don't know why it was so hard...??? Customer Service skills are not automatic, and my sense is that Bareburger is winging it. Unfortunately, winging it has had an alienating effect on me. I'm contacting Bareburger corporate, and groupon, for a more satisfactory customer service experience.This is where you go to experience a burger that you can't get most anywhere else, such as an elk or bison burger. Don't wimp out, try something new here; the very friendly staff will assuredly help you out with recommendations.Wow I just had one of the worst experiences at Bareburger. We live very close but have frequented Shake Shack which is a bit of a walk. My husband suggested we try Bareburger tonight because it's close and thought it might be nice. We went with some friends and could not have had a worse experience. First and last time. When we arrived they said that they had a busy weekend and were out of a few things. Hostess said fries, sweet potatoes and onion rings but they had plenty of other things. When we were seated and were about to order, the waitress informed us they were out of about 20 things (fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, sprout rolls, bison, beers, vanilla and chocolate ice cream - we came with kids! -  .... and the list went on. Everything we ordered they did not have. Then as we are eating, we see orders of onion rings pass us. And then sweet potato fries. When asked about it they said they ordered prior. They were not even seated when we ordered! Clearly not possible. It was an absolute s@&$ show. And the level professionalism was a 1 at best for honesty and handling a challenging situation. Sad because we probably would have gone often. Terrible experience had nothing to do with the items they were out of and everything to do with the way in which it was handled.This place is really good. Lots of variety, they had 3 different types of veggie burgers and a lot of topping options. I had Guadalupe (I think) and it was amazing as is, but even better with pickled jalapeño. Everything had lots of flavor! Be careful with the build your own burgers though, all the toppings and options can add up and get pricey. Your better off ordering one of the ones already on the menu. Overall really really good meal.I love BareBurger.
As a New York transplant, I was so excited to see that BareBurger is now here in Philadelphia!
The menu is varied and suitable for pretty much every single person. 
Vegan, gluten free? You have options here...
Want to just eat nothing but meat? This is your place!
I've come to dine here four times, and take out twice. Each meal has been delicious. 
What is really fantastic is that the staff is so welcoming to little kids. My toddler is great and will eat almost all of his cubby meal- but often bits and pieces (mostly the apple slices) fall to the floor. 
Never once has anyone seemed bothered by this.
The dining area is open, but has the same welcoming rustic appeal that all Bareburgers have. While my favorite is the original is Astoria, Queens- I feel any time I am a little homesick I can stop in here and I am welcomed and it's a great experience.Excellent burger place and very creative with their menu. Staff is very friendly and accommodating, and knowledgeable. esp the slim guy up front ringing the orders , he makes some great suggestions. U ask why only 3/5? I love everything about the place but I have yet to give a restaurant a 5 and 4 are scarce too and also cant its a burger place. If we r looking at only bar food, this place is easily top 5 in my list.Most delicious bison burger and sweet potato fries I have ever had. Service was great, even though I walked in 20 min before closing.Have walked by this place a million times and finally said, why not?! The wait staff was really nice, the hostess not so much. Built my own burger and it was actually really really great, the side pickles was awesome, sadly the fries and onion rings were just meh (kinda was hoping for a little better there), only complaints were the ketchup and soda were both some all natural gross version of themselves, Ketchup should be Heinz.  No exceptions there.  Priced as a casual dining restaurant.Great atmosphere, even better food. I created a wild boar burger and you could taste the quality ingredients. Worth every penny!Had the buckaroo burger. Too expensive for what you get. If the meat is high quality why feel the need to cover it up with so many other ingredients and condiments???  Granted I'm not a huge burger fan to begin with but the quality did not warrant the price.Had the elk burger with manchego. Great burger despite the organic ketchup. Little expensive for a smaller burger. Overall a great experienceMore vegan options than I expected. The collard green wrapped farmstead was hardier than expected.I've been to this location twice. Yesterday the service was so-so: timely and polite but no smiles and seem bothered slightly by a couple questions. Other time it was great, food and decor are awesome, I am still giving 5 stars because service was ok still but general experience is top notch. LOVE the quality! My favorite place for a burger- sandwhich with nice veggie options as well!Below average 12$ cheeseburger. Small and underseasoned. California BLT, probably decent but kitchen cheaped out and used the butt end of the loaf of bread. Out of first 3 beer choices I selected. Will not return.I'm obsessed with Bareburger. There is literally something for everyone on the menu. When I visited, we had someone who was vegan and someone who was gluten-free, and they both found plenty of options on the menu. The have multiple veggie burger options and a very decent tap/bottled beer offering!The food here is phenomenal. There are so many unique menu options and knowing that all the food is organic makes it even better. I had the "Duck Duck Gouda," which I instinctively ordered because it had the word "Gouda" in its name. I had never heard of duck bacon before, but Bareburger opened my eyes to it. It was delicious.
I deducted one star because we sat for a long time without water refills and it took one person in our party a long tIme to receive her change.TERRIBLE SERVICE
I had out of town guests and took them to Bareburger. We were a party of 4. When we entered, we were behind a party of 2. The party of 2 was immediately seated at a 4-person booth, while there were multiple tables for 2 available. Host told us they were just clearing another booth (and pointed to it) and said we would be seated there shortly. In the meantime a party of 5 came in after us. It took 10 minutes to clear the table and then another hostess came up to the original host to ask who was waiting for a table. He told her our party of 4 and a party of 5. She proceeded to seat the party of 5 at the booth, adding a chair to the end of the table. There were no other tables, let alone booths, available for 4. When we told her we were supposed to be seated first, she said there was no other place for the party of 5 and it was just logical to seat them there!?? In what world is that logical?  We walked out and will not go back. Went down the block to Barra Rossa, seated within 5 minutes, had excellent service!
Another annoyance at Bareburger, while we were waiting to not be seated, a hostess came and shouted at the several groups of people waiting to MOVE TO THE BACK OF THE RESTAURANT SO PEOPLE CAN GET THROUGH! Has management never heard of customer service training?This review is for take out only. I ordered the Hot Honey Chicken, it was cold and just okay. They didn't trim the fat off the chicken. I requested extra crispy french fries they came cold wet and soggy. They quoted 45 minutes and the order arrived in 1 hour and 15 minutes. Don't get take out from here, they don't have their ducks in a row yet. I'll will give them another try but in dining only.Got a wonderful burger on a soggy, white Wonder Bread-type bun--didn't taste like any brioche I've ever had. Very disappointing.