This Chef only buys fried chicken from this place. My only Soul food spot, good & consistant. ALWAYS call ahead!Had some for a building holiday party. Very good food. Meatballs and sweet potato's were deliciousI got the baked chicken...or should I say chicken jerky. This measly piece of breast meat was so overcooked the edges were turning translucent. I could barely chew through it to swallow. They were out of EVERYTHING when we arrived, which made me assume my food would be tasty. The black eyed peas tasted like they were just boiled. Had something weird looking in it maybe bacon, but absolutely no flavor. Cabbage was the same, just boiled. Not exactly sure why we had to wait 20 minutes for food that they popped in the microwave. I'm assuming at one point over the years they served cornbread, well no longer. My bf got fried fish and chicken; it all tasted like flour. The mac and cheese was super dry and burnt, and tasted like boiled noodles nothing else. Sweet potatoes are definitely from a can, probably why they taste so good in comparison to everything else. We only went here because we had a free gift card. STILL wound up spending like 20 bucks. Wasn't worth the drive we made half way across the city. And having to listen to the cook curse and complain about working there made those 20 minutes seem even less fruitful. Definitely won't be back.I went to a nail salon near the area and asked the ladies for some fast food recommendations. They immediately told me that Butters had great soul food. I was hungry and in the neighborhood so I thought I would give it a try. Man, I was surprised that a take-out like this existed in the neighborhood. I've lived in the neighborhood for two years but I didn't even know about this place! I had fried chicken dark meat (2 drumsticks and one thigh) with two sides, greens and rice with gravy) which came to $10.80. The wait was long (35m) for one entree with only several people around but it was worth it. They seem to make things per order. The best part was that the chicken was pipin' hot and crispy. The batter was good- could use some more seasoning or honey but good. The collards were good as well- simple, just the way I like it. When I got home, I added some red pepper for some spiciness. The rice with gravy was nothing special. Overall, I'm glad a takeout such as this is around the neighborhood and I will be ordering again when I crave fried chicken. The staff was friendly too. This time I'm calling beforehand though.Street Parking only. Get ready to wait for 25 mins for your order. Portions are small for the price you pay. Collard greens are very salty. Beef short ribs were tough and chewy. It was not tender at all. All side orders were all gone by 6:30p. Only collard greens was left.Butter's catered my grandmothers repass yesterday. Kevin was very professional and delivered as promised. We found Butter's online, as we are from Brooklyn, NY. Upon arriving at the repass, all the food was set up properly with linens, drinks, and utensils. We didn't have to do anything. The food was great as well! We ordered fried chicken, baked chicken, Mac and cheese, collard greens, string beans, African rice and salad. If in Philly again, I will stop in and dine.I thought the wings were small, like wings you get from the Italian Market. Reflecting on it, they probably were the size a normal chicken wing should be. I'm just use to chicken with hormones that are twice the size....
The Macaroni and Cheese lacked flavor. 
The yams tasted like they came from a can. 
Meh. I've experienced better.The worst meal I've had, ever. The green beans were total mush, definitely canned. The chicken was extremely salty and the BBQ sauce was awful. I cannot believe how much money I wasted on this poor excuse for food. Don't eat here! Try the Jamaican jerk place a block away instead.Butter's is hot.  Fried chicken, ribs, chops, fried fish, greens, mac & cheese, etc.  The whole deal.  And it's good.  
Take-out only at this place, tho they have a little table that most people wait at while their food is prepared.  The standard way to order is to get an entree and the two included sides, but you can do a la carte too.  It's all delicious.
Mostly, though, Butter's is a block icon.  Between this place, the All Aboard Seafood next door, and a few of the upscale barbershops on the block, you've got some great culture on the 2800 block of Girard.First time I ordered here, food was great!! I mean really good. So due to working an hour away from home I don't normally have time to cook, so I went to go ordered the 2nd time around..... Gosh was I disappointed!! I mean I almost cry because not only was I really hungry but they dropped the ball. My fried chicken was not even season properly, I mean even salt and pepper would have done justice somehow it was blank!!! I had a hard time swallowing it, called the store and let them know of my dissatisfaction, the guy was very nice and all and said he will make it up... I guess they had a big order that day a lot of things slipped through the cracks. I gave it a 3 stars because it is a decent place, walkable distance and great patrons.this happened 7 months ago but i meant to add, i went back the day after this & got pretty much the same thing- everything sucked. i was eating leftovers. das rude.We ordered the rib and fish platter we had Mac and cheese, the yams, greens, and cabbage was great.Food was hot and fresh 
Simple things done right 
Will eat here again ...good service too 
Had the chicken mac and cheese and greens ..all was seasoned well and crispy chicken ..
I'm all smilesThis place is a local eatery. People from all over stop-in and place orders for their comfort food to go. I was suprise at how much I like the fried chicken breast platter. It comes with two side of your choice. The chicken is cooked just right and the sides are pretty good. It is comfort food, so expect to gain some weight. lol. I would recommend this place to everyone who is looking for some comfort food.I'm torn between meh and a-ok. I stopped by Butters Soul Food because I was craving fried chicken. I got a fried chicken breast (I really wanted thigh, but they were out) with mac & cheese and greens. The chicken smelled amazing, but wasn't really anything to write home about. It wasn't bad, it just didn't fulfill my particular craving for a particular type of fried chicken. Having worked around the corner from Hill Country Chicken in NYC all summer kind of spoiled me for fried chicken. 
The mac and cheese was comforting. Not gourmet in any way, but what you'd get at your grandma's house in the country. The greens were the same way. Tasty, comforting. 
I think that the thigh will be tastier. It all came with corn bread. The corn bread was stellar. I'd go back just for the corn bread. Although, on the plus side, they take LevelUp, so between random credits, I didn't actually have to pay for dinner, which is always a plus.Never had to return food before in my life. But I think it's a sin to charge people for food with no heart and passion in it. Ordered the turkey wing platter , and they said it would take 15 min. That's the amount of time that turkey wing spent in the microwave. Dried out, tasteless pile of crap costing 13 bucks. There's also a 5 gallon bucket of collard greens in the soda fridge too if you want pre-cook then microwaved soul food... No wonder philly is still looking for a good soul food restaurantI went to Butter's last night for my redemption of the Groupon.  After reading the reviews, I became a little hesitant because some of the reviews were bad, but then I noticed that the bad reviews were over two years old.  Time changes.  Street parking was pretty good, I arrived around 7 pm and was out by 7:30pm.  There were two young men who were managing the place and they were doing a good job.
I got three platters, turkey wings w/gravy, potato salad and greens; chicken wings (4), mac/cheese and yams; grilled chicken breast, cornbread stuffing and mac/cheese.  The yams  and potato salad were fantastic.  I had a craving for some potato salad for a few weeks and this was freshly made and still warm.  The yams were not too sweet and not too runny. The greens were fresh (not the can) but they were a little salty.  The other items were also good, freshly cooked and spiced just right.
I had to call the young man that served me and told him that I was so glad that I didn't let the previous reviews deter me and that they have surely made me a future customer.If you need some southern cookin, check this place out. Everything here is great. The chicken breast, macaroni, and greens platter is my favorite, but everything is top notch. The guy who works her is always really cool too. Expect to pay about 10$ per person. Call ahead because stuff is cooked fresh when it's ordered.The food was OK, the Mac and cheese was good. The black eye peas I wasn't a fan of at all. Sweet potatoes were way to sweet. But everything is was pretty good. Customer was good the guys were really nice.Meh. 
That basically sums it up. 
We ordered fried chicken with stuffing and mac and cheese, ribs with stuffing and rice, and fried shrimp with greens. 
We got chicken with stuffing and greens instead of mac and cheese, everything else was correct. Disappointed because I was really looking forward to mac and cheese. The chicken was crunchy, but really bland. The stuffing was also very bland. I took a couple bites of both and was done. Tried the rice with gravy and the gravy at least gave a little flavor. The shrimp was the most flavorful, so no real complaints there. I don't eat ribs but the hubby said they were good, not as sticky as he was hoping, but nothing to complain about. 
All in all, I'd probably rather get a chicken sandwich and cheese fries from Shake Shack over this meal, so I'm pretty disappointed, but it is what it is. Wishing it was better since it's a neighborhood place, I'd go there all the time if it had some flavor and the order was correct but I'll take my business elsewhere now. Kind of expensive but I'd say at least try it for yourself, maybe it was an off night or something.I came from out of town to Philadelphia for a few days. I want to check out the best and local soul food. Butter's Soul food was not even open. So I guess you can't go by there hours I would call first before actually going to see if there open. The food appeared to be good I really wanted to try it but I guess next time.this place the roast beef was very tough my guest could not even cut and the gravy was salty
you can tell the meat was rush and made sure that everything was taken care off before time , 
it seem as their was some mis understanding or something I will not be back thanks but no thanks.They catered our 45-guest wedding in a 5th floor walk-up(!) art gallery in old city Philadelphia.  There was plenty of food, and it was so tasty that we saw our guests coming back for seconds.
We were so glad that we chose Butter's for our big day! Kevin, the owner, really takes the time to sit down with you and work out the logistics and details. He arranged to rent big, round folding tables and sturdy white chairs and took responsibility/supervised their delivery in and out of the gallery.
I should also mention that the restaurant part of the business is solid too: it was our consistently good experiences there that convinced us to choose the catering side of the business. When getting take-out here, it's best to call first: it's not a McDonalds, real food like this takes some time to prepare to-order.Three words about Buttter's -- DON'T GO THERE.  Made the mistake of trying this place for take-out before going out on the town,  Overall, the food was barely edible:
*  The "Salisbury Steak" amounted to two small, violently oversalted hamburgers with thick rice gravy (not even brown gravy!)
*  The "Baked Turkey Wings" were just okay, but could have been a bit more tender
*  The thick layer of gravy on the "Rice & Gravy" was possibly thick enough to layer between bricks, but barely seasoned
* The hint of soy sauce in the "String Beans" probably explain why they were salty enough to choke a horse.
*  The "Candied Yams" were okay, but I've tasted better from several other restaurants, and my own kitchen
*  The cornbread was pretty good (after I put butter on it and HEATED it) but it was such a small piece that I was forced to wonder whether or not they could actually spare it
* The "Fried Chicken Wings" were actually pretty good -- light, crispy, and not too greasy.Went here about a week or so ago and it was just "meh". I REALLY enjoyed the mac & cheese, the yams were way too sweet for my taste, the cornbread stuffing was typical stove top dry, and the fried chicken breast was rather dry as well. I don't know. I WILL try them at least one more time just to be sure how I feel.Good soulfood I always order the fried chicken with Mac n cheese and green beans! Friendly staff too!all of the bad reviews deterred me from coming for the 5 months i've been living just around the corner. i'm glad i finally stopped in yesterday, i was pleasently surprised. the guys were nice and the food was actually pretty good. i got ribs and greens and i couldnt believe how much i liked the greens- i was anticipating having to season them myself at home but i only added hot sauce. the ribs were good, they weren't amazing, but good. my gf got fried whiting and mac & cheese. i tasted her mac & cheese and i was actually semi blown away.  it was really really yummy, and i usually only eat macncheese made at home.This is the best home cooking you will ever have the honor of ingesting. It's literally absurd. Everything that they have to offer is well worth it: fried chicken, collared greens, mashed potatoes, you name it! Best kept secret in Philly. Seriously, go there now.Went here Sunday for the 1st time. Place is very very small, only one table to eat @ if dining inn and that would be very uncomfortable because patrons are in and out and that is the only place to stand when your ordering food. I like my food fresh if ordering hot food the meat was cooked fresh but some of the food like rice and cabbage ribs were put in microwave that had a day old taste. We had to wait over 50 mins for the mac & Cheese to arrived but when it got there it was dam good!!! The Sweet Potato cheesecake and collards were all good.Giving it two stars simply because the collard greens were good though the portion was small. I ordered the boneless chicken breast- there was a bone in both- not sure how that happened. Also, though it looked appetizing, my chicken was still slightly pink inside and uneatable. My money was wasted.Good soul food is hard to find, & this wasn't perfect, but it was very good & I will order from there again. I had:
smothered pork chops (DELISH), 
cabbage (good flavor, but overcooked), collards (the only disappointment. No seasoning whatsoever. I added hot sauce, & it fixed it up, not overcooked, a plus ), 
Mac & cheese (again, I could have used a hit of salt, but should cut down anyway, right? Lol. Great cheesy creaminess though! Def ordering again),
Fried chicken wings (good, same salt sentiment)
Smothered turkey wings (yummy)
Stuffing (cornbread. My fave. Yumm-O)
I'm looking forward to repeating all the above, sans collards, & want to try the short-rib & salmon cakes, which they were out of tonight. & dessert next time too. I'm full & happy overall. :)Got takeout from here, and it was great for the most part.  Fried chicken was amazing, as was mac and cheese, green beans, and collards.  I prefer my ribs smoked, and these were baked in the oven with a sauce that was a little on the sweet side. Mashed potatoes were so so, but might be better with gravy.  Overall great food at a great price, and I'll definitely be back!We were visiting from California and Maurice served us that day. It was our first time having soul food. Needless to say it was great! Everything you would expect soul food to taste like. (Shrimp is from frozen, not fresh)
Maurice was very friendly and did a great job cooking and serving us. I would definitely return here if I'm ever in the are again!My new go-to for consistently delicious soul food.  
The fried chicken is crisp and juicy.... but what really gets me are the sides.  ALL the sides are SO SO good. The candied yams and mac n' cheese?  Perfection!  
If you're in the mood for a soul food feast and have time for the resulting food coma-- Butter's is without a doubt the place to go.I use to love this place when I lived around the corner, the fried chicken is so good and moist.Good comforting Mac and cheese, the ribs were ok, kind of dried out. Def would go again tho!Went at dinner time on a Friday.  Be advised to call and order ahead otherwise you will wait 30 minutes for them to make your food.  Had fried chicken, mac n cheese and greens.  Fried chicken was ok, I've had much better, mac n cheese didn't have much flavor.  The greens were extremely salty, but had good flavor.  I like salt, but they were salty for me.  Got a side of chicken wings, very small and overcooked.  I probably will not go back here again.  The cornbread was very, very, very dry.   You definitely needed a drink after eating it.What kind of place advertises their close at 8 but are closed at 3p in the afternoon? Customer bewareThe best thing about my dinner at Butters was the pineapple soda I purchased from across the street.  We had wing dinners and the catfish.  The wings were lightly seasoned and no crunch at all.  We did do a to go order so I'll be a little forgiving on the latter.  The fish wasn't fresh at all.  They were supposed to be catfish nuggets but they were chewy and flavorless.  All of it went in the trash.  Oh...it gets worse.  The potato salad was SOUR!   The smell was off but I thought I'd taste it and I had to immediately spit it out.  The collards were ok., cabbage yuck, and Mac and cheese, meh.  I am a lover of all things food so we ordered dessert, not knowing a cake was coming out of the fridge, but yep...it did.  Lemon cake out of the fridge.  Now when a cake is still dry coming out of the frigde, that means it's probably been in there for forever or was just bad to begin with.  This goes to show there is nothing like home cooking...meaning your own home!  Save your money.  Sorry Butters!Where do I begin. Well I came in at 12:45 and was told we open at 12! I'm like its 12:45 so then the young man says it will be a while (well I previously purchased restaurant.com gift certificates for this place) so I decided to wait. Well I asked for shrimp, um no shrimp. OK well tilapia it was. So I gave him my certificate and then was told to pay 20. So I decided to pay after my wait. When I came back I was told  you owe 34.75.....wtf happened well my order was added up wrong! Whatever! This is the worst part now there was a torn piece of plastic mixed in with my ribs...this place needs to GET IT TOGETHER.TERRIBLE! They disrespected me by selling me these baby wings. I never in my life seen a chicken wing so small and it was tasteless. I also had Mac & Cheese, Yams and corn bread. The Mac & Cheese didn't have any taste at all and it seems as if they used boxed Mac and cheese sauce. That's shit was disgusting. The corny bread was dry as hell, insulting. The yams were surprisingly good but fuck that shit, one side of yams can't make up for a whole meal. I couldn't believe I had to wait 45 minutes for this instant food to be handed to me. It literally doesn't make since once you taste the food. I'm 100% sure the only thing that's fresh is the chicken (which only take about 8 minutes to fry). PLEASE SPEND YOUR MONEY SOMEWHERE ELSE! You will not be happy and it will leave you unsatisfied. You'll end up spending more money by eating elsewhere after you taste this poor excuse for soul food or just be plain ole unsatisfied.It was getting late and my husband and I didn't want to start cooking dinner, so we decided to put in an order for fried chicken while I put the baby to bed. Twenty minutes later we were eating a delicious meal - their chicken far outshines the tough bird we had recently at Federal Donuts. Next time we'll order sides!First time trying this place. Best part of I love about this place is the portion size & all day special. My food was ready for pickup within 15 mins and it was fresh. Definitely recommend to anyone who likes good food!So I had a taste for some good Ol Soul Food today. I searched online and realized that reputable soul food restaurants are not easy to find in the city!! Finally I came across Butters Soul Food, located on Girard Ave. 
   I called ahead and ordered 3 platters: Fried Wings w/ Mac n cabbage, Bbq Wings w/ Mac n yams and Fried Whiting w/ Mac n greens. 
  I walked in and realized that there was a lot of history in the building itself. The restaurant was small and quaint, you can tell it used to be a fabulous home back in the day. There's a long wooden bench against the wall, with wooden tables and (cheap) colorful center pieces. There's a small open kitchen as well. The entrance appeared clean, however there was a bunch of junk  going towards the back of the restaurant. A beautiful curtain would hide all of that clutter!!
  I approach the counter, and no one acknowledges me. UGH A PET PEEVE OF MINE!!! Please make guests feel welcome and wanted. Don't have me standing there like a fool. I'm not expecting backflips and a song, but a simple "hello, I'll be right with you" will do! Finally someone says hello, and asks if I pre-ordered. I have to wAit a moment to process the payment, there was a short in the CC machine, not to mention it was dusty as I don't know what!! 
     Now on to the food: Less than impressive. The wings are WAYYYYY too small. I mean the food cost must be phenomenal because they must buy a 4 for 1 special on wings. They were so freaking tiny I almost made a u-turn n took them back! The fish- BLAND - I mean I had to season them myself!!! The greens- BLAND- I asked my 10yr old how her wings were and she said "blehhhh". Smh- the Mac was good- not fantastic but surely the highlight of the meal. Did not care for the cabbage, and the yes were ok. I mean what's the point of soul food if you can't season correctly or at all?? 
I was so disappointed. A real waste of money. 
Would I go back? Nope.
Would I  recommend? Nope.Do not waste your time and go there - I will never order from this place. please understand customer service! I will make this long story short - we ordered 7 platters... most of them were fried fish .. was on the phone for a good 20- 30 mins Bc they wanted to make sure they had the orders correct and had the food-- thn says it will be an hour even before they start cooking. We still wanted to support. However we get there about 2 1/2 hours later and they say.. oh we couldn't find your number we don't have fish. The first thing you should do is take the number down and know who your speaking with I feel like that's customer service 101. And laughed while saying they don't have the platters it's like they just didn't care how far we traveled  ... nothing. However, we did go down the street at another soul food restaurant- Deborahs Kitchen and the service was WAY BETTER! Please train your staff.The soul food wasn't as I expected! I visited for the first time with my boyfriend and the experience will not bring me back. Mac & cheese was too gushy to enjoy and friend chicken was "made to order" but unseasoned!!I just left Butters Soul Food.  I am extremely frustrated and confused.  I looked on groupon a few weeks ago and noticed it there.  I told my husband we must go there to eat!  They close at 8pm on Sundays.  Well my husband and I made it there by 7:25pm thinking we had more than enough time to order.  Well the cook said he wasn't taking anymore customers!  I said well it's only 7:30pm and you don't close until 8:00pm?  He then said he takes his last order at 7:30.  I then said well it's 7:28pm and we came all the way across town just to try the food!  He said he wasn't taking any more orders!  WOW!  I WON'T BE BACK IF IF THAT'S HARD TO ORDER AND BE SERVICED!This was my first time eating here and it will be my last. A friend recommended this restaurant as having good ribs. They weren't tender and very chewy. What makes it worse is I couldn't even eat the sides because the were loaded with salt. Waste of time and money.I called spoke with cook who was rude. Dear owner, please update your menus. I will never order from this establishment again.The star rating says it all: Meh. I've experienced better. Too salty greens, bland mac n cheese and meats that did little to inspire a comeback.