Free drink refills and friendly service and allows Sundays off for all their employees? Awesome place to eat. All this an an airport location where customer expectations are low?!  
Good sandwiches and waffle fries are delicious. Good value.Why 2 star ? I came here first time. and I only lived few minutes away. the place seems  very clean. The lady that take my order was very nice,after waiting for around few minutes  the other lady which she gives the order to me was very rude and when she gives me the order she just throw it to me :( not just pass it to me . After I got my food I walked out the door and I check my order,  I order 6 large fries and somethings else but 1 large fries is missing so have have to go back to the store and this rude lady which the one give me the order. Same way she throw that fries in front of me. With the customer came back with the order is missing she didn't even apologize just throw the order to me and walked away. Not sure if I can give my business to them againThere is only one word in the English language to describe this Chick-Fil-A, Amazing! Even when it's crowded you get the fastest service. When I go, I go simple, and order the #1 (Chicken Sandwich, w/ order of waffle fries and a small drink). As soon as I order it they send it out to me ASAP, and I'm already sitting down eating. Other than the fast service, you get the best tasting food you can get. Waffle fries to die for, and the best chicken sandwich in Philadelphia.RIDICULOUS establishment!! I had to call corporate multiple times on a single employee think the name is Jasmine.  This young person has BY FAR THE WORST ATTITUDE EVER!!!!! Quick snapshot I am a public servant went through the drive thru to pick up my order which is NEVER an issue with any other employee I while in uniform asked can you apply emergency service employee discount? She said "WHAT" I again repeated myself same question she immediately turned her back and threw my bag of food on the counter and said I can't believe he wants a discount.  That made me be not so kind in response...my wife spoke to the manager and then called the corporate office they were going to look into it.  Fast forward about a month later went inside same location hadn't went there for a long time because of the little jerk employee she strikes me as the type that would spit in your food... anyway went in there with regular clothes on not sure if she recognized me from the month ago anyway she said "is there a reason you are looking at me?"  Again my response was not to kind as I wasn't staring or giving her any reason to say anything to me.. She just in true HOODRAT format I guess called herself challenging me! The manager while seemingly a nice guy has ZERO control over this little young employee to the degree my assessment was I have to reach a higher level to speak on this.  I know that CHICK FIL A everywhere and I have lived in many places has an extensive hiring process to include keeping Bokeefa and dem out dat spot.... through multiple interviews, ensuring no visible tattoos, no mixed hair color, assume a personality check.. Although the aforementioned person doesn't have the hair or tattoo issues the personality is indeed dysfunctional!! SO obviously they missed one!  Had to call Corporate again on the second incident they said they were sending someone to this location based upon second complaint on the same person! Again manager was a nice guy but lacked the control of the establishment! CHICK FIL A is not the cheap place to eat as such (fast food) u just expect a little better in the service department! Do better or change the staff!!! Other than that further up Roosevelt Boulevard is 100% always on point ZERO issues!!!!  Which in my opinion is the best option..... to ensure the correct location I am speaking of the TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE this was at Rising Sun Plaza at Roosevelt Boulevard and Adams Avenue! The one to go to is up by Red Lion Road!Of course Chick-fil-A is great. But this franchise consistently has the slowest service compared to any other franchise I've ever been to. Word to the wise, when you see a long line, move on somewhere else.My first time here and it was crowded. Nonetheless it was a very clean looking environment. I ordered the number 4 which was a spicy chicken sandwich. It came with the potato wedges that were nothing like anything I've ever seen but they were alright. The sandwich was delicious. 
I also bought a large strawberry milkshake which I can honestly say was the best I ever had. The employees all had a very upbeat attitude unlike the rude ones you get at the typical bottom of the barrel fast food spots.  The two cashiers who served me in particular were very energetic. After I said thank you they both said "my pleasure" which was a nice unique touch and a first. They probably say it to everyone but it was a nice note to end on. I will return to try out other items! 
*And they do have a play area with a slide for those of you with small childrenBest service d ever. I promise I thought I was somewhere outside of Philadelphia. I never thought to write a review on a chic Fil a but these guys raise the bar.Always had a good experience here! Staff is always great. Occasionally they have a small hiccup, which it's only human to have a mistake every now and then. They always make up and are sincere about their hiccups. The store is always clean. The staff is great. Definitely my favorite fast food chain when I'm want something tasty and fast!Now I finally understand what all of the commotion was all about. We don't have any Chik Fil-As near where I currently reside in Seattle. I've had chances to go in Cincinnati but the timing always ended up occurring on Sunday when the restaurants are closed.
Anyway, on a snowy Friday evening in Philadelphia I finally got my shot. I ordered the spicy chicken deluxe chicken sandwich meal. It came with waffle fries and a soft drink for a little more than $7.
The sandwich was outstanding. It did not need any type of special sauce. It was more than spicy. It had serious kick. I was surprised and loved that it truly brought some heat. All too often items are advertised as spicy that merely have a little interest. This sandwich was truth in advertising.
The employees were polite. It is apparently a company policy to say "my pleasure." The staff in this restaurant seemed to mean it.  Great job.Yes they food is good but the service is very slow and the drive thru takes way too long sometimes I want chic fil a before I got to work but they take too long and I won't get to work on timeThe service at Chick-fil-A far surpasses most restaurants I've been to. I sat down at a booth and someone brought me my food AND asked if I wanted a refill. I can't even get some waitresses attention at actual sit down restaurants. I love their spicey chicken sandwiches with pepper jack, and I normally sub out the fries for their small salad. Yes you heard that right, I actually wanted a salad. Their avocado ranch dressing is made by the hands of god and is downright amazing and worth sacrificing my waffle fries.My Boyfriend and I went on a Wednesday night around 6 or 7 PM to grab a quick dinner and it was packed. They were very organized with taking orders. There were tons of kids running around, and old people talking loudly, but it was full. If this sort of thing gets on your nerves, just remember its not an intimate BYOB downtown.I absolutely love this place. I wish there were more around and that they were open on Sundays. Those are my only complaints. Other then that there are no words to describe this place. I usually get the chicken salad sandwich which is amazing. I love their waffle fries and their chicken nuggets are the best.If u haven't had a chicken eggin cheese, than shame on you! This kicks Wheaties ass and is now the breakfast of champions! I saw Michael Jordan, Mary Lou Renton and that other guy that was on the cover of the Wheaties box all eating breakfast here together. I know what you're thinking, why not take a picture of those three, I thought the same thing right after I left and by then it was too late....... It was just too late :-(They have the best service by far that cant be beat. They really deserve up to 10 stars.Because the food is really , really good and served super fast and accurate. Anytime u go there its worth the wait. I even  like their iced coffee, and i never drink it elsewhere.  No body can compare to them. Their cob salad is delicious! And their soup.is good, chicken noodle. Just cant stop raving about thrm. They should have more stores.I've been a chickfila lover since the moment I came out of my mother's womb. I've never had a bad experience, have always been treated well, and preach to everyone the greatness of the staff who serve so well. 
But today, Chickfila disappointed me beyond belief. 
I was visiting from NYC and we ordered at the drive thru for our family of 7. The woman on the ear piece kept saying what and couldn't hear and even though we confirmed our order over the speaker and at the window a total of 5 times, they mixed up and forgot multiple items from our order. 
I won't be visiting this location again!Just like any other location I've ever been to good customer service. Fast service. Hot food. & u don't have to go through a song/dance for extra sauceI know it is a chain but this is my favorite fast food place. Great kids that work there and I love their milkshakes more than nifty fifties around the corner. Always get the same thing but if I am going to cave for fast food I will do it here.I try not to eat a ton of fast food but sometimes you need to due to time restrictions. I came here for lunch during rush hour and was pleasantly surprised how fast and accurate our order was. The cashier was very warm and inviting and seemed genuinely happy to take our order. The tables were nice and clean for the next set of customers. They even brought out our food when it was ready so we didn't have to wait at the counter. 
 I ordered chicken nuggets and I always need more sauce, she was very accommodating and didn't try to up charge me for my extra BBQ sauce. They will refill your fountain beverages for you at no additional cost. The food was very fresh and delicious.Amazing food ! Great Customer service and everything is ultra fresh. Amazing how nice everyone behavior is. Keep it up !i do believe this establishment follows the same mission statement as disney
i am sorry to be waxing poetic about a fast food place
but
no matter how long the lines are ....inside or out...
the service is swift, sweet, and scrumptiousWhen you consider all the fast food restaurants, you think the same for hear. But that's not the case, I don't consider here a fast food place, I consider it good food that's more on the healthy side. 
This is some of the best chicken I've had. Especially their sandwiches, the waffle fries are amazing, and there milk shakes are really some of the best. 
It's a great spot to go especially in the winter time with children they have a nice play area inside for the kids to enjoy themselves. 
Their menu is average, Great staff always polite, food is always warm never had a cold sandwich. With good menu price options. 
If ever get a chance try the breakfast, it's good. And worth getting. I'm more of the dinner kind of person when eating hear.I'm pretty much done with this particular location.  Every once and a while I'll drive by, hoping that things have improved, only to end up scolding myself for wasting my time yet again.
The first problem is with the drive through line.  It's always wrapped around the building.  That wouldn't be so bad if the line moved quickly.  It doesn't.  Plus, because the restaurant is nestled in a corner of the parking lot, you can't see how crowded it is from the street or even across the lot.  Since getting in and out of Whitman Plaza is a nightmare, it's a huge disappointment to get in there, see the length of the line, and then have to find your way out again...without any food.
The next problem is the inside of the restaurant.  It's always crowded with a million little kids milling about...and, of course, the parents are nowhere to be seen.  Then there are the beggars that they allow to wander around.  Sorry, but having your meal interrupted several times by bedraggled people asking you for money or food is...why I'd rather use the drive through in the first place.
Lastly, if you do manage to make it through the drive through without falling asleep or starving, don't bother asking for condiments like ketchup or mustard.  Even when THEY ask YOU if you want them, 9 times out of 10 they won't be in your bag.  "So," you say, "ask them if they put them in the bag when you're at the window or check the bag before you pull away," right? Well, I've tried asking them, been told several times that, yes, they put them in, only to find none in the bag when I get home.  As to checking the bag...after sitting in line for 10-15 minutes, the guy behind you is in no mood to wait while you rifle through all the bags looking for tiny containers of sauce.  That goes over just as well as when they ask you to pull forward because they have to "bring (something that's not done being made) out to you." You're sitting there, waiting for it, with one or two hungry carloads of people blocked in behind you, who now (finally) have their food but have to wait for your order of fries to be brought out.  Not good.
Other locations don't seem to have these problems.  I'll be going to them instead.This is one of my fav go to fast food lunch spot. I love their spicy chicken deluxe sandwich, and their waffle fries are to die for. Service is always excellent, I have never had issues with the staff here. The best part is that they NEVER mess up your order. And I love that they respectfully greet you and always say "my pleasure" when you thank them and not "uh, huh".The food at Chic-fil-A is tasty and consistent.  We typically get the signature chicken sandwich with American cheese.  We also get a side of nuggets.  I just found out that Chic-fil-A has Chic-fil-A sauce which is a cross between honey mustard and BBQ sauce.  The staff is great and always friendly.  They offer refills if you eat in and walk around to help people clear their trash.  I only wish they were open on Sunday's.Simply the best fast food restaurant 
I enjoy coming here 
Drive through or sit in 
Great food overallPoor service..... A real mad house at Lunch time and the poor service don't help I love these places but this is a bad apple got to the other one in Bensalem horizon plaza much betterI love chick-fil-a, but this one is the slowest one I have ever been to. I ordered curb side pick up and I waited for 30 minutes before I went inside and asked where my order was. Apparently it had been sitting on the counter for almost 20 minutes. Then, it took another 5 for them to give me my food that I could see sitting right there. One of the managers finally gave me the food and apologized. But I shouldn't have had to go inside to pick up my food when I ordered curbside. I've had this problem a few times with this particular restaurant and I'm not sure if I will order from this one again.Not only is the food delicious here, the service is also great!  The drive-thru employees always tell me it is their pleasure to serve me, and they gave my dog a biscuit when I drove thru with him.  The dining room is also great, they give you free refills on your drink if you ask, sometimes they even walk around the dining room offering refills and clearing your tray.  The line looks long sometimes, but it goes really quick.  Very well managed restaurant overall!This place has a new owner! He is always looking to do things right!  I'm sure this will be the best CFA in philly!Stopped here for lunch on a work trip and boy was it busy! There was a decent sized line but it moved super quick. Once i ordered, my food was ready in about a minute. Food was typical for Chick-fil-A, which is my favorite fast food place. Service was great, everyone was friendly. This location even has a play area for small kids. If in the area again I will stop back.First time trying chick fil a here and I loved it!!! Prob now my favorite fast food. 
I was not very hungry so all I got was te spicy chicken sandwich and waffle fries. Both were delicious and what made it next level delicious was the special sauce ( honey mustard + BBQ). It's great with the fries and I used some on my chicken sandwich too!!
Wish we had more of this chain in NY :/ though it may be good enough to justify a long drive when I have the craving!I hate fast food, but this is the only fast food I eat. I usually come for lunch, sometimes its super crowded, sometimes its not but on the days that it is crowded, they make the line go really quick. I never had an issue with any of the employees, one time I wanted the grilled nuggets but I said the number of the fried nuggets but said I want them grilled instead (politely mind you), I got a rude" WELL THATS A DIFFERENT NUMBER".  Well I'M SORRY, I wanted grilled today, don't have a cow! I have the app where I can get free things after a few purchases, I will keep returning for waffle fries and awesomeness!Wow, best service, speed, and cleanliness... Friendly environment and always packed but speedy service. I recommend this over the other fast food placesThis place is awesome!!!  I've been here for lunch and dinner. They staff is super friendly. I sometimes take my nephews to this location to play in their fun house. They sometimes have workers walk around to see if you need anything.  I stop here every time I take a trip to Philly.Very clean place.  Staff goes out of their way to ensure your satisfaction.   Recommend this location to everyone.It was weird , all white staff that did back flips for the black customers while I waited longer then all of them who were behind me in line . Food was OK but just a really weird experience  .Was there this past Saturday, drive thru was backed up so we went in. The place was very dirty, straws, food and napkins all throughout the lobby, food all over floor behind counter. We left. If it's that visibly dirty, basic food hygiene is probably being ignored as well.This location never disappoints from their food to the customer service. The curbside pick up feature is fantastic. Black Friday the drive thru was 15 cars deep. I ordered while in the car and packed in the dedicated parking spot and a nice young lady came out and delivered my meal to me.It has good food, and great service. I tried the spicy chicken and salad, and they were delicious. Must try once.What's there to say that probably hasn't been said already. Good food & pleasant atmosphere here..Me & my family favorite fast food. This location is always nice..gets real busy during lunch & dinner. Staff has always been polite & helpful.Always had a good experience here! Staff is always great. Occasionally they have a small hiccup, which it's only human to have a mistake every now and then. They always make up and are sincere about their hiccups. The store is always clean. The staff is great. Definitely my favorite fast food chainLove this location. The employees are always nice and respectful and the food is always fresh and hot. Yes it can get busy but it's Chick-fil-A they are always busy because the food is so good. I also like that they have events for the kids my kids love coming here.I ordered Chick-Fil-A through the DoorDash app, the official partner of food delivery for Chick-Fil-A. I was SO IMPRESSED. I did not feel like leaving my house on New Year's Day after being hung over and sick for five hours, and was so thankful to hear that Chick-Fil-A was open on New Year's Day AND that someone was available to deliver the food. Ordering was super convenient. I was able to track when the Dasher (the delivery guy) arrived at the store to pick up my food and when he was traveling to my house to drop it off. The Dasher was super polite when handing the bag to my fiance. The bag had many stickers holding down the folded bag, to ensure the food would be nice and warm and that nothing was taken out of the bag. The food was very warm when I received it (my house is a 10 minute ride from the location). The food was delicious and cooked to perfection. Thank you Chick-Fil-A for curing me of my hangover. I needed something that wasn't super greasy, but satisfying, and boy did they hit the spot. THANK YOU TO MY LORD AND SAVIOR, CHICK-FIL-A CHRIST. :)Come here pretty often and recently I have not been happy I ordered curbside the first time they forgot fries for 2 of my meals I didn't see until I got home and the fries are my favorite part. Another time I used curbside i did it because the drive thru was so long and I wanted my food fast I sat there for 30 minutes before receiving my order i was mad because the drive thru was moving faster then I was getting my food. Finally got my order and there was no sauce. I had to go inside and flag someone down because I was not waiting again. Other times i have went for breakfast at 6:30am before work, I ordered the chicken biscuit 3 days in a row they said the biscuits werent ready when they opened thats the only thing I liked so I left each time. how are you gonna have that on your menu but not have it available when your open. Today I went again for breakfast I was the second car in line for the drive thru and I sat there for 15 minutes you just opened how is there already a delay. I made it into work with no time to spare. I would go to another chick but this is the only one in the northeast. You guys really need to up your game.Ignorant ash only gave me 3 nuggets and no cheese on my sandwich and sprite instead of Dr PepperThe best chicken. Lightly breaded. Friendly staff. Even gives my dig a dog biscuit. Breakfast burritos are better than at mickey d's.My happy place. S/o the homegirl Mary who got refills on deck. The homie Danny C for hooking my boy up with the free chicken sandwich voucher. Shawties in the drive thru are beautiful too. Highly recommend:Great service, orders are always correct, and staff is always so friendly and helpful. Their spicy chicken (sandwiches and strips) are absolutely delicious, as is the Chic-Fil-A sauce. Their fries and non-spicy chicken are a little overrated IMO though still very good. The only bad thing is the place is always packed so the wait times are long.
5/5 stars because the spicy chicken and Chic-Fil-A sauce is mmm baby yes gimme more.Great food and service. The staff is friendly and always greets you with a smile. My go to meal is the chicken sandwich. It's the best chicken out there in my opinion. I love the waffle fries. For some reason, fries just taste better in waffle form! I haven't tried their breakfast yet but I definitely want to soon. I've heard many good things!