Great Mexican BYOB! I went to Las Cazuelas for the first time for my birthday.  We had a wonderful time.  I was looking for a fun and festive place to go with friends.  This was the perfect choice. We brought our own bottle of tequila, and they made tasty margaritas for the table.  Those were a big hit with my friends, and a cool twist for a Mexican BYOB.  The restaurant is cute.  Plus, the food here is delicious. 
I'm surprised this place doesn't have higher reviews on Yelp, because it far exceeded my expectations... 
The guacamole appetizer was fresh and yummy.  I ordered the shrimp entree with rice and vegetables, and asked for it spicy.  My entrée had an attractive presentation on the plate (i.e. looked classy), and was delicious, well seasoned, and very fresh. On my suggestion, my partner ordered one of their mole sauce dishes (i.e. a sauce usually made from unsweetened chocolate and pureed pumpkin seeds), and it was tasty too. 
I should also note that the waitress was very attentive.  When I placed my order, I explained to her that I have mild lactose intolerance and can't eat much butter or cream (but am okay with cheese), so she had the chef cook the veggies in olive oil, rather than butter.  Thanks for being so cool about accommodating that request!  
The prices are extremely reasonable for fancy and unusual Mexican food, and I love the fact they're a BYOB.  The chef serves creative and inspired cuisine, which has a traditional flair and style to it.  In other words: Don't come here for regular tacos or burritos.  Come here for a fun foodie experience at a reasonable price, and bring tequila for the perk of BYOB Margaritas!The food is terrific.  Not just the food -- the presentation.  The arroz con pollo I ordered came to my table artfully arranged on my plate.  And it was delicious, as was every part of my order.
Why the two stars?  As it seems others know all too well, the service was abysmal.  On one occasion, we waited interminably for a table, only to find out that the waiter thought we were part of another party, when there had been two seats available the whole time!  
Once we were served, the waitstaff ignored us.
This place seriously needs a management shakeup.  It needs a better manager, and a dedicated hostess/outside manager.I tried Las Cazuelas recently, after hearing pretty good things about the food and atmosphere.  The first day I went in the place was crowded but we were seated promptly and our order was taken right away.  The food came out fast for how many people were there.  However, it lacked any real flavor.  Camarone tacos for me and a seitan dish for my friend.  The seitan was way too salty with no other flavour and the tacos were very bland.  Still hungry, we got the ceviche.  This was the ONLY good thing about our meal.  Water glasses weren't filled at all during the meal, even after the restaurant emptied.
I decided to go back a few days later, to give it another chance.  We had a different server this time, who seemed very new to the business.  Tables who sat after us had their order taken before.  However, again, the food came out fast.  (Wrong order first, but quickly fixed.)  This time I got the veggie enchiladas and my friend got the camarone dish.  Again, VERY disappointed.  Salt and pepper seem to be their only seasonings.  The shrimp had NO flavour, they were very much overcooked.  The sauce on the enchiladas was the same salsa put out on the tables as you are seated.  The veggies on the side of the shrimp meal were the exact same as the ones in the enchiladas.  There is no creativity or thought behind any of these meals.
I will not be going back.  I have had MUCH better Mexican off of the trucks in South Philly.For authentic, fresh and flavorful Mexican food, you have to go to Las Cazuelas. The enchiladas, Mole, and Mole Enchiladas are fantastic. The Horchata and Mexican Coffee are excellent drinks. It gets major points for being BYOB. The meats are so tender and the rice is perfectly cooked. The main reason for the perfect five stars is what topped the whole experience for me: the dessert. THE BEST DESSERT I'VE EVER EATEN. EVER. You MUST order the Cheesecake Bunuelos!!! It will blow your mind. I will forever be returning to Las Cazuelas.BYO mexican spot in Northern Liberties
Came for brunch and the service was great. Food was delicious. I'm a fan of chorizo and they highlight chorizo a lot in their dishes.
Bring some tequila and order some margarita mix.Great family owned restaurant with fantastic mexican food and BYO (T).  Medium sized restaurant with two separate dining areas, good for large groups as you can reserve the entire back room.
The service is fantastic, even when we've shown up 20 minutes prior to closing time, the wait staff was still incredibly hospitable.  The margaritas they mix are great, which is saying something as I typically don't enjoy margaritas.  The food is delicious, and parking is very easy in the area.  If you find yourself in Northern Liberties, give it a try!  They frequently run specials on Groupon and Living Social, so keep your eyes open and save a few bucks!We were there for a group birthday  (as well) and it was wonderful. Our servers were very attentive. No one in our group left hungry. Grab your favorite bottle and enjoy a good meal at this little gem.I used to live a few doors down from Las Cazuelas in 2005 and went there faithfully because the food is DELICIOUS! I dont' know if they still make it, but the Chilean sea bass with pumpkin mole was one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten. 
My husband and I visited last Sunday for Brunch and we ordered a TON of food because we had a $50 gift certificate to use up. I can highly reccommend the Huevos Divorciados and the Omlette Poblano. I am a poblano and mushroom lover and the oaxaca cheese melts into the eggs and veggies in the most wonderful way. My husband had the Divorciados and it was both unusual and tasty! 
My favorite at Las Cazuelas are the tacos- the steak with fresh onions and cilantro is by far the winner in my book and I confess, I have dreamed of them and often cannot resist the urge to go get a big plate of them! We tried the marinated steak tacos this time and did not like them very much- there was a red coating of marinade on the steak and it was overwhelming. You could not taste the yummy, meat-y, grilled flavor that is so great in the regular steak tacos. My husband loved the shredded pork tacos and I thought they were ok. The shrimp tacos are always a winner and taste fresh, crisp and light. I suppose it is the pure flavors and how they usually treat the fresh ingredients that brings me back time and again, I will veer away from the overly marinated items in the future. As always, the cafe de Olla (coffee with cinnamon +) and desserts are very good. I tell everyone about this place and always bring it up as an option when we have folks in from out of town. Keep up the great work!!I came here for my birthday dinner, and the waitress was very forgetful and basically sucked. We brought a bottle of tequila for margaritas and I am almost certain the waitress stole a nice amount of it, (the bottle was returned with 1/6th left and we only had two pitchers) and the two waitresses were acting drunk when we left. Good food, poor serviceMexican food in the city can be a hit or miss and it's hard to find a place that serves the authentic stuff, and his place nailed it!! Went here on a Friday night and brought a bottle of tequila. Unfortunately the free pitcher of margarita mix is only valid Monday through Thursday, but the pitcher wasn't that expensive. The empanadas and fish tacos were to die for. We also got shrimp quesadillas. Service was great! Initially they brought out the wrong type of quesadillas, and gave us the shrimp ones on the house.  The only pitfall of this whole dining experience were the complimentary chips and salsa... They were a bit mehEverything is amazing here as always the mole is out of control you can taste the cinnamon the toasted sesame seeds and the chocolate coming thru!Had a great time at this BYOB near Northern Liberties. It's just a little bit out of the way, so though I really enjoyed it many years ago when it first opened, I had not been until I saw a Living Social deal for a gift certificate and decided to try it again. 
Am glad I did! The sauces are well made and use a variety of great chiles for this-is-definitely-not-from-a-jar-like-other-"mexican"-restaurants quality. I ended up having the empanaditas and a great cactus salad and was really impressed with the range of flavors. They have a wide ranging menu and several great sounding specials. 
We also lucked out because the people next to us had thoughtfully brought more tequila than they needed and let us have a few glasses of the BYOT margaritas. The mixes were fresh and flavorful and they will mix the tequila in for you. 
Our only complaint was because it was so small, every margarita order meant we had to be very near a loud blender, but that's a small price to pay for excellent food, friendly service, and a lovely little restaurant.So I love spicy food.  At most places,  I load on the hot sauce.  So I assumed when I got the arroz con pollo with chicken, rice, and mexican sauage (which was delicious) that it wouldn't be spicy enough.  I so stupidly didn't even taste it and asked for some hot sauce, which they brought me in a dish.  It looked like Franks Red Hot, so I dumped it on.  Big mistake.  The hot sauce was SO SPICY (which unbeknownst to me, they charged me $1 for).  It was so hot that I downed 5 glasses of water, had tears in my eyes, and couldn't finish the rest of my meal.  On the plus side, I was stuffed from water and hence, didn't overeat!
The service here is really fantastic.  The server was so friendly and kept our water glasses filled.  We had a groupon ($15 for $30) and although it didn't say it on the groupon, the server told us that it came with a free dessert!  We got the crepes with bananas, caramel, and fresh berries which was tasty.   You also get free chips and tomatillo sauce, which was great.  The place is BYO, takes credit cards, and they offer different margarita mixes w/ your booze.  They have a private room upstairs which is great to reserve for large groups.Went here with 4 other people for our friend's birthday and it was great!! Our waitress was very friendly and the food was incredible (I got the carnitas tacos). Definitely bring your own tequila and get a pitcher of Mango margaritas- awesome! I'll definitely be coming back here.My experience here was all around very positive. My waitress was extremely attentive and helpful, from explaining many menu items individually and catering to our table as if we were the only ones there. 
I ordered the nachos and Mexican corn as my appetizers. The nachos came in huge portions and very stuffed with cheese, jalapeños etc. So delicious! The Mexican corn was very flavorful and not too spicy, which I really appreciated.
The table came with complimentary chips and salsa which was very light and appropriate before starting the meal. A nice touch. Chips could've been more salty but overall everything was still fine as the salsa gave good flavor.
I ordered the enchiladas which were a bit too bean-y for my taste. 
Great service and nice, clean atmosphere. Food is terrific. I would definitely recommend!One of the best place to eat in the city and region. The service is great, the food is sooooo good and the decor is wonderful. I have been here a few times but this time they had live music witch added to the experience.
A Place you must go to. On the trendy Girard Ave.This is my longest review because the service was pretty terrible so I have a lot to say. 
My boyfriend and I had bought a Groupon for this place in efforts to try something new for our anniversary dinner. This place is cute, small and intimate. We were greeted by a women in a T-shirt which I thought was odd because she was dressed if she was working in a pizza shop and not a restaurant. She sat us down at the table and went over to the computer and tinkered around with it. We assumed she was just the hostess and not the waitress. As we waited for someone to take our drink order, It was enough time that we  read the entire menu thoroughly twice. When we figured out what we wanted the women in the T-shirt was still at the computer  and no one took our drink order yet.  My boyfriend then got up and asked if she was the waitress and she nodded her head yes, so he told her we are ready to order when she was. She then took another several minutes before walking over  with some chips. 
We both have a gluten allergy and my boyfriend has a vegetable oil allergy. We asked the waitress if the chips were cooked on vegetable oil and explained my boyfriend was allergic. She said she didn't know and just stared at us. My boyfriend then politely asked if she could go check. She informed us are cooked in vegetable oil so of course he didn't eat them. We ordered a chicken fajita and a chicken quesadilla. The menu said have a choice of corn or flour for both items and we asked for corn. Our waitress was very confused as to why I was specifying corn tortillas because she said "we only have corn tortillas not the flour ones" I wasn't going to argue because I wanted corn. (At this point she still didn't take out drink order) She placed the order and returned and tell us everything is cooked in vegetable oil... So I asked her if we should leave or do you have any other substitute for vegetable oil and of course she said "I don't know" and stared at us. Again, my boyfriend had to asked her to go check for us. At this point I imagine the owner or manager got involved. He said he would cook everything in Olive Oil, and let me tell you the food was delicious! We were pleasantly surprised after the huge headache of being there. After the food came out we still had nothing to drink so we asked the manager if we could get some water and we ate. I can't say enough about how good that Mexican food was!  I got the check and the bill was $30.25 which was perfect because our Groupon was $30 and our card could be charged .25 so we could tip the waitress. (I always tip regardless of the service, some people have bad days) The check came back of wrong, not surprised and she took $25 off our bill so I showed her it's $30 not $25 so I hand her the bill to adjust it and my card to charge me the .25 difference.  She comes back the bill saying it was now $28 and we had no bill after the Groupon. I explained I only had my card and I wanted to tip her even if she did run my card for .25. She stared at us and said "uhhh, I don't know" My boyfriend said hey if you can work it out we will tip you but she said not worry about it. I did feel bad but my boyfriend even said, she made the decision on not taking a tip.
Pros- Great environment 
             Great food 
             BYOB 
             Accommodating to food allergies if you asked someone other then the waitress 
Cons - THE SERVICE. It was enough to not go back unless the manager agreed to let me take own order and personally give it took the cooks. Also help ourselves to some water...because the waitress won't. It's a shame because the food has been amongst the best. It could have been our new favorite place.Great little place! Ordered the pastor tacos and the chicken empanadas. I loved the tacos and the fact that they put pineapples in the taco, which really enhanced the flavor of the pastor. I thought the empanadas were okay, I probably wouldn't get them again. The service was good and you do have to find street parkingI've been trying to get my wife to eat Mexican for years now and she insists that she doesn't like it and it's "too spicy".  Well, Las Cazuelas has has converted her.
We sat outside on a breezy evening.  We were promptly greeted and our wine (BYOB) was iced down.  The server gave us the specials and was very attentive.
They serve extra crispy chips w/  salsa verde w/ just the right amount of spice.   We got 4 appetizers and could not even finish!!  Seriously, the Queso Fundido may have been one of the best things I've tasted.  A buttery ball of Mexican cheese w. mushrooms inplanted throughout.  We ate it like a pasta, twirling it around a fork.  Overly simple, but so right.  Quesdillas w/ chicken served w/ pico de gallo were perfection, beef tacos served w/ lime & salsa verde were delicious.  Tres Marias were the low point of the meal.  Corn patties w/ black beans topped w/ chipotle chicken and ground beef were a bit bland and soggy, but I ate the shit out of the toppings.
We ended the meal w/ a Tres Leches that was extra moist and not too sweet, one of my favorite desserts in any food genre.
To top it off, we had a $30 Living Social voucher, 4 apps and dessert came to $11 before tip.  There is no reason NOT TO GO HERE PEOPLE.
I'd say 4.5 stars.Yummy fine dining mexian food. Portions are good, although plates could be $1-$2 cheaper and I would be a regular. The service is excellent, friendly, and they go above and beyond.Great Mexican BYOB but not the best neighborhood. Very small so make sure you make reservations. Try the ceviche appetizer!!Made a reservation last week for a party of 30, we were accommodated on the second floor which was nice and roomy. We even had our own bar and the best part that its BYOTEQUILA. The food was fresh and delicious, the staff was friendly and very welcoming. We had some vegetarians in our party and we're very accommodating to their needs. Love you Las Cazuelas. We will definitely book another party there soon.One of the best restaurants in Philly. They make all tortillas and chips on premises.  Lots of amazing dishes! Almost everything on the menu is gluten free. Friendly service and amazing food. Love this place!Had a wonderful dinner tonight. This was our first time here. Our server was excellent and went out of her way to make sure we were satisfied. She had the kitchen prepared meals that were not on the menu. All the ingredients were fresh and delicious. It was the Saturday before Christmas but we were re not rushed. The only reason I didn't not give it five stars is because it's my first time here. We'll see what happens in the future, I'm sure I'll make an adjustment.My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly. It's unpretentious and delicious. Only complaint is the margarita mix they use is ehhh at best, but considering they allow you to BYO, it's not the worst in the world. Salsa and chips are great, appetizers satisfactory, but the strength is in their dinner entrees.I have been here a few times this year and have had a great experience.  Last night...not so much.
Started with the Ricotta Chz Empanadas.  Based on another review that raved about them, I decided to try.  They came out golden and crispy on the exterior.  I broke one open and the smell of MOLD hit me in the face.  I tasted one to make sure my assumption was correct.  I told the waitress and she gave me the excuse that, "that is the way they are supposed to smell and taste b/c the ricotta chz they use is not American."  WTF?  The waitress took the barely touched app away.  I get the bill and they are still on the check.  I called her over to ask to have them removed and she says,"The owner says you ate them".  Now I'm a straight up person...if I ate em, I will pay for it.  She delivers the newly edited check back to me with an attitude.  THAT will affect your tip, chica!!
On the plus side, the CHULETA NORTENA (pork chop) was juicy and flavorful.  Accompanied by the slightly sweet and creamy sweet potato.  The chipotle-tamarind sauce gave the thick cut chop a sweet and slightly spicy accent.  A must have.So, we have been here three times now, and each time I have been SO pleased with our meal.  Finally getting around to writing a review... sorry it is long, but I know I find reviews with specific recommendations helpful, so read on if you would like to hear them!  If not, then here's the short review: GO HERE!
First of all, as a vegetarian, the dishes are rather expensive (more expensive than the meat dishes, which is odd).  However, they are DELICIOUS... well-seasoned, nourishing, large portions of goodness.  They range from $14 to $15.50 or so.  There are a lot of non-vegetarian dishes, ranging from $9 or so to maybe $15.  We have not tried any appetizers or tacos.  HOWEVER- between Yelp Deals and Groupon, it is not difficult to find a $15 for $30 or $10 for $20 deal, which more than makes up for the prices.  
First time we went, I got the Mexican Seitan dish (seitan being one of my favorite meat alternatives) and was highly pleased.  My boyfriend had the vegetarian enchiladas, so that we could share each others' meals... it was, perhaps, even better (though both were excellent).  Even the cute little pyramid of rice and little pile of beans were superbly seasoned.  Now, other vegetarians, do be careful- mention you are vegetarian.  The Chile Relleno dish in the vegetarian section was one of the things I was looking at, and when I asked the waitress for vegetarian suggestions, she mentioned that sometimes they put some animal fat in that dish- though she suggested it would be possible to just ask to make sure they would keep it vegetarian.  I really appreciated her honesty and knowledge about the dishes!  The chips and tomatillo salsa (which I normally don't like) were excellent- so fresh and yummy.  I was having a rough day, so we got a dessert to share to cheer me up... the Banana Crepes.  UNBELIEVABLE.  So tasty... we would have gone back just for that.  AND, if you check in on Yelp, you get a free dessert!!!
Second time, we tried brunch, which they have on Saturdays and Sundays till perhaps 3:00.  Our meals (some vegetarian omelet and Heuvos Rancheros for the BF) were quite good- not as good as the dinners/lunches we've had, but still very good- and were all under about $11.  This is a great time to use the $10 for $20 deal... you can get two brunch entrees for about $20.  But don't be like us and expect to use it on a Saturday- the Yelp Deal doesn't work on Fridays and Saturdays!
And now for the time we just got back from- we had our Groupon Now, which was good until 3:00 PM, and we didn't get out until about 2:20, so we were pushing it.  Our waiter offered to ring us up early to make sure we were able to use our Groupon, and was super friendly and gracious about it.  We took advantage of our savings to each get a Cafe de Olla (sweet spiced coffee).  SO GOOD.  When we inevitably come back for a brunch, you bet we will be getting that again.  Be warned, it is quite sweet- but I just loved it.  I got the vegetarian enchiladas again, but the BF got some pork tips with avocado dish, which he said was extremely delicious and satisfying.  We ended up getting our food so quickly that we were done by 3:00 anyway- but we sat around for a bit sipping our delicious coffees and remarking on how happy the meal (which we now have leftovers of) made us!
In short, GO HERE!  We are always nervous when the small space is so empty, and would love to see it getting more business.  They deserve it!We love this place. We typically go in the summer and eat on the street. The food is great AND it is BYOB so bring yout tequila and have them mix an awesome pitcher of margharita's. Our  5 year old daughter LOVES the tilapia on the kids menu. Most days the owner also comes out to make small talk with us and to say hello to our daughters. My husband always gets a kick out of that!  I would like to see a bit more variety with the sides that come with the  fish.  They generally serve it with a white rice and some boring veggie mixture.They also have an upstairs that we have seen people have small parties.Good little gem on Girard Ave if you like Mexican. BYOB. Recommend bringing Tequila and asking them to make you a pitcher of Martguerita. Nice quaint interior9/13/12-
Anybody been?
Went last night, and really enjoyed it.  First of all, I'm not a giant fan of Mexican food, or heat, but I found this place to have enough choices that there were quite a few things I would have ordered easily.
Started with the empanadas de tinga, which were stuffed with good shredded chicken, some onions, and just enough heat. I'm sure there's something else in there, check the menu.  Another started was a very good salad, served with pineapple and pear, (I love salads with fruit in them) and a delicious cilantro dressing, the menu said glazed almonds, but they weren't there, and it was still very good.
Entree's were enchiladas de cangrejo y camaron, which was packed with tons of crab and shrimp, and the only complaint my companion had was that they wished the topping sauce was just a little spicier.
I ordered mole poblano, and I have to say, it was very good.  A very good size portion, served with rice and black beans (yech, don't care for those). We both couldn't finish our entree's because they were so generous, and we wanted to save room for dessert.  Flan....wonderful, but honestly, if you go there for no other reason, go for the banana crepes.  The crepe was so light, almost see through, and it was a very good finish to the meal.  I think the next time we go, we'll just order a bunch of the appetizers, and sample more.
No entree is over $20, with most in the $16/17 range.  Plus we had a groupon.
I liked it and thought the food and service was fine.  Such a nice little neighborhood treasure, I just thought I would share with anyone who hasn't been.
http://www.lascazuelas.net/Menus/Dinner.htmlLove this place! Second time here, but first time for brunch. WHAT A DEAL! Spent $16 on food for 2 people and HAD LEFTOVERS. Love the BYOT and got a pitcher of margaritas. I know dinner is a bit pricier but this is the perfect place for brunch with a bunch of friends looking for great food on a budget.Great mole!  We ordered the mole negro and a HUGE appetizer plate.  Both were delicious.  The mole was thick and flavorful and pretty close to some of the Oaxacan restaurants in LA that I miss so much.  I was so happy to find authentic Mexican food in Philly that tastes good.  Horchata was not on the menu, but something made me ask.  After all they had other aguas frescas.  Our waiter said, "let me check."  He came back with two horchatas for my friend and me.  Wahoo!  
Las Cazuelas is a BYOB, so stop off for some Negra Modelo or tequila before you get there.  But do visit.  It's not cheap Mexican food, but it is delicious.  The atmosphere is nice (it could even be a nice date spot), and the staff are great.
UPDATE: horchata is still not on the menu, but it's there if you ask for it.  The mole poblano was good, as were the shrimp and beef dishes we ordered.The service was polite,  the food came in a great portion and very delucious. Our waitress was wonderful. One of my go to placesWent here with a large group yesterday. Our service was amazing and so are the nachos!!Made a reservation last week for a party of 30, we were accommodated on the second floor which was nice and roomy. We even had our own bar and the best part that its BYOTEQUILA. The food was fresh and delicious, the staff was friendly and very welcoming. We had some vegetarians in our party and we're very accommodating to their needs. Love you Las Cazuelas. We will definitely book another party there soon.I ate here with a friend a few weeks back. Quick and friendly service, I really liked the environment. We ordered and split an appetizer and an entree, decently priced, but worth it. Also, the establishment is BYOB.Changed their menu since I was there last, and regrettably did away with my favorite menu item... The puntas. I had the parillada tonight which is essentially fajitas without the tortillas, which was strange. Needless to say, I ordered a side of tortillas. I liked that they had a veggie option of saitan for an extra $1.50, but also found it strange that the default meat for the dish was beef but if you wanted chicken it was an also an extra $1.50! Not that it's necessarily gone downhill over the years, but it has definitely changed... Just not sure yet if it's for the better. Love the BYOB thing though!Went on a Saturday night and was surprised that the restaurant wasn't more crowded. Server was attentive and knowledgeable.  We ordered the chicken quesadillas, chorizo quesadillas and vegetarian enchiladas.  All were excellent!  
It's hard to find a good BYOB Mexican restaurant in the city and this one does not disappoint.  We will definitely be going back to try more things, for sure.  
Make sure you check in with Yelp and you'll receive a free pitcher of margaritas!I love Mexican food and while I don't care too much for Mole there were plenty other items to try which we found delicious and everything was so fresh and made to order.. Such a cute small spot and definitely overlooked.. Try it out with a Groupon deal I cant wait to go back!!We went here on a Sunday evening at 820. They gave us seating outside and informed that their kitchen closes at 9. We were ready to order everything by 825pm. No one came to ask for water or take order. There was one waitress outside service other 4 tables but kept smiling at us and did not stop by. Finally at 845 I called inside and requested to be served. So, finally someone came outside to help us with water and get us wine glasses. So our first experience was not that good. 
The only reason why this place gets 3 stars os because the food was very good and tasty. The place is also byob with no corkage fees. They give free chips n salsa. Salsa was descent too. Although our chips took 45 mins to arrive and came with our apps instead of upfront. For food we ordered their friend banana with beef and chicken with saffrin rice for entrees. Recommend this place for food but be prepared for lowsy service.
Note: Dont forget to try their Deablo sauce. A little goes a long way.....With Mole on my mind we decided to try Las Cazuelas. Believe it or not it's tough to find a Mexican BYOB with Mole dishes on their menu in this city... From the get go I knew service was going to be an issue. The hostess couldn't accommodate us sitting upstairs because she claimed she had to fill the first floor first so she squished us into the only remaining table downstairs. For the entire meal I felt like everyone in the restaurant could hear my conversation and I could clearly hear theirs making it a very uncomfortable dining experience. 
After being seated we waited over 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink orders which was completely unacceptable as there were 2 servers and only 20 people in the tiny restaurant. 
Anyways, you now understand that the service was terrible, on to the food! We started with the Chicken Quesadillas and Las Tres Marias which were corn patties topped with pork, chicken, black beans, and chipotle. The apps were yummy but I would pass on the Quesadillas as they were nothing special. For dinner we had the Chicken Mole which was only slightly above average.  The portion was average and it was $17.50 for the entree which was a bit high considering I finished my meal and was still slightly hungry. 
I would return only to try other items and if I happened to be in the neighborhood. There are other mexican restaurants in the city that are much better and as affordable.First went with my hubby about a year ago, due to a LivingSocial deal. During that visit, and every time we've gone back, we've received very good service and an excellent meal. We've been there on quieter dates and also with a group of friends-- it's great for both!
My husband's favorite is the arroz con pollo and mine is anything with their mole sauce. It's not for everyone, but if you like mole it's delicious here.
I believe it's a little pricier than it should be, entrees running a few dollars more than expected. But it's a BYO and they make great margaritas (which I don't ordinarily like, but I do here) if you byo tequila. Plus, you'll find deals on Groupon or LivingSocial pretty often, so snag one when you see it!Love this place! The mole sauce is the best and the service is great.We had an amazing table upstairs by the balcony. Great service and food was SO GOOD! Mole is delicious. Burrito is huge. Hot sauce is VERT HOT!Excellent food. Simple decor. Nice waitress and owner. I highly recommend this placeDefinitely the best mexican food in the city! Although Pico de Gallo on 15th and South is close. It is a BYOB, but a little on thepricey side. The decor is cute, and the service is good. The food is just delicious!!!My friend and I bought a living social deal to this restaurant and found ourselves very pleased! We unfortunately did not bring any drinks with us, so we could not taste the drinks that they would mix for you, but were very happy with the food!
We split the nachos and the shrimp and crab empandas. The nachos came out piled high with guac (I was very pleased that there was no extra charge for this), meat, beans, salsa, and tonssss of cheese. It was clear that the tortilla chips were homemade as they were crunchy, thick, but not too greasy. Everything about the nachos was great and messy, exactly what I wanted!
The crab and shrimp empanadas were also really great! Came with some rice and fall vegetables and the pistachio mole blew me away! Complemented the empanadas perfectly, and the filling was great. It was a creamy filling, so if you're a fan of crab rangoon, this was kind of the mexican version of that.
On top of delicious food, we had excellent service. My water cup was constantly being refilled and the waitress checked on us just enough so that we had everything we need, but not too much that we were annoyed with her. 
Overall a great spot! I'll have to come again with drinks and taste the mixed drinks they have :)A good BYO mexican joint... especially with the deals that are usually available. The food is tasty and the atmosphere is very laidback.My boyfriend and I had a groupon. We didn't have to drive long to find a street parking. This is an adorable little corner location.
My boyfriend has the moles enchiladas and had the eggplant vegetarian dish. The mole enchiladas were a traditional Hispanic dish, and it brought back memories of studying abroad in Costa Rica. The eggplant dish was poorly seasoned with little to know flavor. In addition, it was really hot and ice cold in other places, which was confusing. However, the eggplant was well cooked and not mushy. Also, it had a beautiful presentation!
Why the three stars? This is a small location and my boyfriend and I went at the end of October. We sat next to the door because that was the only spot opened. There was a party in the upstairs room and the wait staff kept opening and closing the door allowing cold air in and the people arriving at the party kept the door open constantly too. I asked for café de olla despite being eight o'clock at night because I was frozen. I told the waiter I was very cold and so was my boyfriend. He said he would try to keep the door open, which didn't happen. My boyfriend got up several times to shut the door. The waiter also forgot the coffee. So, I was annoyed and my boyfriend felt bad. The food was fairly good. But, the atmosphere of the meal took away from it leaving it disappointing.We went for lunch and although it wasn't very busy when we were there the staff was great.  Especially since we had our two kids a 2 yr old and 3month old with us.  We were really wanting some authentic mexican food.  We had just left our home in So Cali and missed being able to get some great food almost anywhere in town.  The food measured up!  We will definitly be back to try more on the menu.  The food did have a twist of class which was nice.  The food was pretty and the price was right.  
It was hard to get parking due to the location on the corner of a main street and a one way.  But it was worth the couple of blocks we walked.  Also, don't bring a stroller.  There isnt any room.  Oh and all the food is super fresh and homemade. YAY!