O Sole Mio is a great addition to the neighborhood! We were welcomed by the friendliest owner who accommodated us with high chairs for the kids and cold waters on the hot day. Not a ton of seating options, but it worked perfectly for us to park our stroller right next to the outdoor tables. They also brought us a basket of bread just to help keep our kids occupied. We ordered the Caprese salad, buffalo margarita pizza, and the pesto pizza. They were so good and IMO better than some of the "trendier" options close by. I am rooting for this place to do well bc we will definitely be back!Great pizza! We had the Diavolo and Arugula and Prosciutto, both were excellent! Friendly wait staff, great casual addition to the neighborhood.Delicious pizza! The crust was excellent and truly authentic.  We also had the tortellini with blush sauce, the sauce was a perfect balance of cream and tomato. Great neighborhood spot!So happy to have this great new pizza spot in the area. The little balcony has a great view if you eat in. Service was great, very quick. Pizza was delicious and unique from other pizza places in the are, this pizza is more like traditional Italian pizza. Also recommend the burratta salad!Delicious pizza and food overall was great (Rosa sauce, bread, salad!) Can't wait to go back. BYO as well.This is in our neighborhood and we had a lovely experience last night. Walked up and sat outside on a balmy summer evening. Pizza was excellent and the service outstanding. Everything is made by hand and the crust and sauce were perfect! We will definitely be back. Next time with a bottle of red wine in hand. It's a BYO.1st time in Philly from Jersey and I must say this place is nothing but amazing. The staff is amazingly great and very attentive. I came with my kids and they were very patient and very nice with them. The food was everything we expected and more, everything freshly done. You can bring your own bottle of wine. They even offer beer if that's your choice of drink.  When I'm back up here in Philly I will make it a priority to come in and eat again.. It was the best choice we made on our trip..Yummy salads, bread, and pizza. BYOB. Very family friendly with high chairs available. We ate downstairs where there is a bigger dining area. Good service. Great addition to the Queen Village restaurant scene - definitely coming back soon!The Spicy Diavolo Pizza is amaaaaazing! The honey on it is genius! The owner is very friendly. Everything is made fresh to order and made super fast. Outdoor and indoor seating.After reading the very positive reviews, I was excited to check out O Sole Mio. The pizza is just ok--didn't exactly taste like it came out of a wood fired oven and prices are comparable to much better spots like Nomad and Stella. I know the place is new so I understand that the restaurant is nervous. We even let go of the fact that they screwed up both our drink and pizza order. But honestly, the wait staff needs to relax. Too much hovering and asking how we liked everything. I felt like they were part of our dinner after a while. It's incredibly annoying to feel like every bite and every move is being watched. I wished they'd pay more attention to pizza quality and order accuracy instead of nervously hovering over patrons.Loved this place! Was staying at a friends around the corner and about 3 minutes to closing we called to see if we could come pick up a pie. Sure, no problem, come on in! The guys working there were so friendly and the pizza was done in a giffy. We had the margarita with cherry tomatoes added. It was so delicious, hands down one of the best I had while we were on the east coast between Philly, NJ and NYC.My daughter and son-in-law just moved to Queen Village and we got two pizzas from O Sole Mio today- a Margarita and a Prosciutto and Onion.  They both were delicious!  The owner was the cashier and pizza maker and he was so nice.  It was very clean inside, although we took the pies home to devour them!  If you like thin crusted brick over pizza, I highly suggest you try O Sole Mio!We love the pizza, especially the broccoli rabe  with sausage!  Great place for midweek take out when you don't feel like cooking.The pizza here is absolutely delicious! So glad we finally tried this place. Great addition to the neighborhood.Absolutely amazing, the diavola pizza with honey was to die for! Great addition to south philly. Incredible customer service and efficiency!Maybe different to dine in however, we ordered two pizzas delivered. The pizza came hot, except it was so soggy and the cheese was completely off the pizza and in a big glob in the corner of the box. Basically it was naked pizza by the time it arrived to our house. Had higher hopes, but next time I'll try to dine in. No more delivery from here that's for sure.Perfect pies, friendly staff. My favorite of the many pizza jawns in the neighborhood!Really good pizza!! Friendly staff and a lovely addition to the neighborhood. They also deliver now.Amazing pizza. Some of the best in Philly. Simple, great ingredients and great service!What a great beginning for the last full weekend of the summer. To begin with, the service from this family run restaurant is fantastic. They kept checking if anything was needed. The pizzas are delicioso.My husband and I have eaten here and taken out a few times so I think it is fair now to say that we've had enough experiences to leave a great review, without a shadow of a doubt! The first time we went was around the time they had officially opened - brought our bottle of wine and ate outside - it was great! The owner was super friendly, explained their intentions as a new establishment and recommended a few specialities form the menu, which we agreed to... have to shout out the Spicy Diavolo was sooooo good! What a unique blend of flavors with the sweet honey, spicy soppressata, spices like oregano and pepper flakes and then that sauce  For dessert, he recommended the tiramisu, his mom's recipe, and of course it was delicious, too! Since then we have taken out or ggotten delivery a few timesand everything has been consistently great. We have stuck to their brick oven pizza, so far, because they do it right. Tonight I asked for it to be well done and I did not regret that crispy crust! Definitely give them a try so we can hold onto this gem neighborhood for good!Top notch hospitality and food that makes you joyful. I have been here five times in the past two months and will be a regular! The folks that work here really make you feel like you're part of the family.
I tried the eggplant, pizza, tortollini, and ravioli. All are amazing and the pistachio cake was lovely. The homemade bread sets the tone and I could eat it everyday.
This is my first yelp review, and I'm not usually a fan of taking the time to rate things, but I really feel compelled to highlight this place. I have owned a small ice cream shop in the past, and I know it's tough to be in low foot traffic areas. I wanted to make sure people discovered this gem.Food is fine, delivery was late and incorrect and I wasn't credited by the restaurant for their mistakes.Best pizza around! We just moved here 6 months ago and have yet to find quality pizza until walking into O Sole Mio on a whim. Their pizza is fresh and made to order. The owner even made a buffalo chicken Stromboli for us even though it wasn't on the menu. The family that owns this business is extremely considerate and service is wonderful. We will be back! 
Thank you for the warm welcome to the neighborhood!Manja Manja! Food makes the world go round, but Italians make it worth the trip! Bravo to chef Salvatore, who changes the concept of the corner pizzeria. 
O Sole Mio is within walking distance to Fabric Row, South Street in Historic Queen Village. 
The Napoli style brick oven pizza made me feel as if I traveled to Italy. 
This restaurant deserves 5+ stars and is worth the trip.We ate there for the first time last night.  The food was excellent.  At our servers recommendation, we split a Ceasar salad, a margharita and also a pesto pizza, followed by lemon gelati. The service was attentive without being too much.  They even have a frequent guest punch card.  We will definitely be going back.A great neighborhood place - not just for pizza, but for the pasta dish specials they have! We get takeout from there often and the pasta and pizza have never disappointed us. Highly recommended!I am not sure which I like more the pizza or the people but needless to say they are both wonderful. Our entire family really enjoys there pizza. They use great fresh ingredients made the traditional way. Very nice family from Naples.So I was in the mood for chicken parmigiana, after looking on yelp I came across O Sole Mio.  I called in and asked to substitute the penne pasta with ravioli, and the obliged (slight up charge). When waiting for food the chef asked if I'd like a slice of Nutella pizza, and obviously I said "yes". Not only was that very nice of him but it was amazing!!! Great dough, Nutella, bananas and walnuts. After driving home (about 25 mins) my food was still piping hot. 6 huge ravioli topped with mozzarella, and 4 whole pieces of delicious chicken parmigiana. It also came a very fresh side Caesar salad.  I definitely give this place 5 stars. 
Although I didn't eat in, I will in the future, place is nicely decorated and has beautiful Italian music playing.Took my wife and 2 young kids here last night. Our usually stop is Stella but this is definitely right up there with it and is truly an Italian old school authentic experience. Plus it is a BYOB and prices are low. Pizza was great, ravioli delicious , meatballs were homemade, and the dessert and coffee was .  Definitely be back!!Just a walk away, I ordered takeout since I was craving pizza. The place is a small corner building and the order was ready quickly. There's a counter space as well as a couple tables in the back. Service was super nice, and I was in and out in a jiffy. 
I got the small spicy diavolo pizza, which was perfect for a person and half or one super hungry person. Although the sopressata wasn't super spicy there was small kick to it. They were generous with the meat and the honey which is a super interesting combination. 
I downed the pie real quick, but I do wish they cooked the pizza a tiny bit more. I love the burnt bubbles of pizza and the slight crispness to crusts and this one didn't really have that. Although this is wood fired, it didn't really taste like wood fired pizza. 
They told me they're releasing a new menu so I'll be on the look for it and maybe give them a repeat.Delicious. Great people. Consistent. 
Nice addition to the corner that already has a neighborhood dive bar and a Greek seafood restaurant.Grabbed dinner here before a show at the TLA. It's in the heart of the neighborhood at 3rd and Catherine. We came for the pizza, but they also have paninis, several pasta specials, dessert and espresso/cappuccino. The pies are personal size, but filling. The bottom of the pie is Neapolitan- thin with a wonderfully doughy, outer crust. The log-fired brick open produces pizza in 5 minutes with a nice char. My daughter really liked her margherita and she's picky about them. I had a the parma and burrata with basil, cherry tomatoes and Black olives. Delicious! Our server made us feel right at home. 2 pies, 2 cokes and a cappuccino came to $40. Great option if you want to escape the chaos of South Street.There have been several failed eateries in this spot over the years, but the curse may finally be broken with O Sole Mio who offers homemade Italian meals, along with gelati and espresso imported from Italy. I tried a margerita style pizza to see if the sauce and crust lived up to the homemade hype and found they did not disappoint. The crust in particular had the perfect balance of airiness and crunch from the brick oven bake. The sauce could have been more flavorful, but the fresh basil and burrata toppings picked up the slack to deliver a very tasty bite. I will be back to sample more menu items, but this was a promising start!We decided to try someplace new for dinner. I've heard good things about this place online so we decided to place an order. There were two of us and we decided to order the Chicken Milanese, the Italian hoagie and a Pepperoni pizza. 
We both really enjoyed the Chicken Milanese. We weren't sure if it was going to be an entree or sandwich. We received the entree and it came with a side Caesar salad and piece of garlic bread. We split this and were both sad when it was all gone!
The Italian hoagie wasn't bad. I felt like it was a bit dry and was missing something. I can't say that I would order this again because I've had better ones other places. 
We really liked the pizza. The crust was soft and flavorful. I wish it came in 18 inch size. We pepperoni was food and it wasn't overly greasy. 
Overall we were pleased with our meal and would order from here again.I highly recommend!! The family/ownership is lovely and EVERYTHING I have had is delicious, high quality, and very reasonably priced! Our favorites are the margharita and the buffalo chicken pizzas.We were feeling Italian food, and decided on trying out O Sole Mio. We were pleasantly surprised! Fresh oven-baked bread was brought to our table almost immediately after we sat down, with olive oil and parmesan cheese. The quality of this bread was incredible - I would come back just to eat unlimited bread. We brought our own wine to go with our pizzas, so talking while they prepared our pizzas in the restaurant was very pleasant. Our waitress had helpful recommendations as well, if the long list of pizzas available leaves you in a paradox-of-choice situation. 
The pizzas came out very quickly, and they were pretty good. The Marguerita: the person who ordered this had already eaten dinner, but still managed to eat half of their pizza. The Capricciosa: good, tastes just like what you get in Italy and with generous toppings. The Mimosa: excellent, it's a great mix of toppings, with a white sauce that doesn't overtake the taste of the cheese but just adds a creamy flavor. 
Hands down, our new favorite pizza spot in the Queen Village area. We'll be coming back!Had a phenomenal dinner with my wife, and in laws. Food was outrageous, and Sal and his family were wonderful people.
Cant suggest this place any stronger. Do your taste buds a favor, get to this place!Purty durn tasty prosciutto & arugula. I forgive them being out of soda due to holiday rush. Delivery was timely and the delivery woman was Philly funny. I'd do it again, even at $33 fir a 12 inch & a bottle of Perrier.The best brick oven pizza in town!  Their dinners are fabulous.  All made fresh.  The staff is friendly and attentive.   Great food, great service, great family-owned and operated restaurant.   Nonna's tiramisu is out of this world!Another OUTSTANDING meal!  Sal & his family have a great restaurant in O Sole Mio.  They are all great hosts, they make you feel like family.  And the food!!!!!  The food is outstanding!  Authentic Italian cuisine.   We've had everything from the salads to the pizza to the chicken, meatballs, eggplant and desserts!  Sal and his family never disappoint. My family & friends love O Sole Mio!Oh my.... oh Mi oh My.  This is my 1st time trying this place and I grub hub'd it.  It took like an hour and some change.. so I didn't expect the pizza to be quite as good.  Boy was I wrong.  I ordered the Spicy Diavolo pizza (14").  That spice with that honey is Ri-got-damn-diculous!  I literally ate half of this in under 10 min.  I had to force myself to put it away just so I can have it again later..
I can only imagine how good this is right out the oven..
This place is now ON THE LIST and I am anxious to go there in person and try other items.
BRAVOReally enjoyed the Spicy Diavolo pizza, and the Margherita was also solid. Try the wings! We live in the neighborhood so we called to order for pickup, and it was quick and easy!I was on a business trip in Philadelphia and wanted to try a local restaurant.  If you want to experience great Italian food in a small, casual atmosphere, you've got to try O Sole Mio!  The service was excellent!  The owner even came to our table to greet us and gave us a little history about his restaurant.  I will definitely visit his place again.  He wanted me to remind you that he is closed on Mondays.  Just a short Uber ride (10 minutes) outside town.Go for the food, but stay for the people/service.  My wife, daughter and I stopped by to try this pizza place since it is new to the neighborhood.  We were blown away by the gravy they used on their red pies (get the diavalo) and the overall service.  Our servers and the owners were constantly checking in on us making sure we had everything we need.  
Pizza review- Crust is thin and chewy and is better than what you get at Nomad.  Gravy was sweet, but complimented the heat of the hot soppressata.  
Dessert- get the lemon water ice and thank me later.  The ice makes John's look pedestrian!
Highly recommend this place for an afternoon or early dinner spot to sit outside and enjoy a glass of wine before it gets too crowded and touristy!It was my first time ordering from this place and I was thoroughly impressed with the pizza. I ordered the Spicy Diavolo and the Nomma tomato pie. This is the best pizza I've had in Philly. I will be ordering from here a lot!Ordered take out on a weeknight. Pizza was amazing! Ready in about 5-10 minutes and reasonably prized. Glad they are in my neighborhood can't want to go back.FINALLY tried this place, its literally right around the corner from my house...I don't know what's wrong with me. 
My boyfriend and I got take out a pizza and a caesar salad. Pizza was excellent but the caesar was a little confusing..more of a runny dressing than a creamy one. I've just never had a caesar like that..no big deal, I'll get the house salad next time. Can't wait to go back and actually dine in.The BEST brick oven pizza in Philly! Haven't had pizza this good since I was in Napoli! Very friendly family-owned, amazing homemade bread and BYO!After having pizza in Naples, Italy, no other pizza lives up to the hype...that is until I discovered O Sole Mio.  We've only done take out, but I can't wait to dine in and experience the service everyone keeps raving about.  The crust is so good, fluffy and fresh making you want to eat every last bite of the crust.  Also tried the eggplant Florentine, which was also delicious.  The Rosa sauce is so flavorful I couldn't help eat it with a spoon once I finished all the eggplant.  The crust is a little droopy, but that's how it's supposed to be if it's authentic Napoli pizza!  So happy to have this place in Philly!