Service was good. Mesquite wings are very good  best to share or save some don't be greedy like me and try.and go back to work. Only downside was the weak lemonade. It was the weakest I ever had.This place is VERY crowded and not in a good way - unless you enjoy smelling other people's BO while you eat and drink. Gag! I guess the smell of the patrons matches the smell of the bathrooms which are also gag worthy and dirty. 
The prices aren't really great for the meh food available. Service was also meh. A few times we wondered if our server was every coming back. There are so many better options in Philly as a foodie city to try, so why waste your time and money here? Pass and head somewhere else.We went here on a Saturday night for dinner and drinks.  Service was quick and friendly... and they were able to sit us all together.  The football games were on... drinks were well-priced and always filled.  I highly recommend Smith's!A coworker recently talked me into going to lunch at Smiths and I was surprised to have an awesome meal.  There was this amazing salad on the menu that had all my favorite foods.  I ordered a kale salad, served with sauteed butternet squash, prosciutto and topped with sea bass. So good! 
I'd give Smith's 4 stars, but the service was not the best.  We called in advance to make reservations for a group of 7 and were told they didn't take reservations.  When we arrived, the first thing we were asked was if we had resevations.  What???  Annoying.  We ended up sitting and waiting, getting very little updates from the hostess.  
Not the best service, but I'd go again for the food.Smith's Bar and Restaurant is well priced and had great service.  We were very pleased with our easier who took no time at all to give us our bill. The menu doesn't have the most unique options, but the food itself is different.  Try the flat bread pizza which is extremely thin making it fun to eat.  Their chopped salad is wholesome and coherent; each spoonful is a perfect blend of different flavors (unlike one of those large pieces of lettuce that take up an entire bite). You also can't beat $4.00 mimosas.I can't speak for the food, but the drinks are great. What makes this little gem even more of a standout, are the employees. My boyfriend and I flew into for a quick weekend from Florida and this place was around the corner from our hotel. We were greeted  right away by John - one of the best bartenders I've ever had and had to pleasure of meeting. He made this place a standout. Kind, courteous and friendly. If we gained something more than a hangover from here, it was a friend I. Him. thanks for everything John!!!! You're the best!!!I totally agree with Heather M.  
It's a very nice setup to watch sports or hangout.  On Sunday's it shows the Cleveland Browns games (the other games are on/no sound), but they're a pretty entertaining crowd :) $2 Yuengling lagers and $5 secret nachos round it out awesomely I think.My crew and I come here on Wednesdays to Play Quizzo. The questions are somewhat easy and you aren't leaving like you are an idiot. I'm down for that.
As for the food and the service. Not a huge fan of the items on the menu, but I didn't come here nor expect to have a five course meal.  It is a bit overpriced, but its fine. I am not upset.
They do have happy hour drink and food specials.
Huge fan of Smiths as a Sports Bar to watch a game or Happy Hour after work. Especially if you are a lawyer -- get on board, all your peers are here. Serious networking if you ask me.
Minus a few stars because the food is not my favorite, but plus a few for their quizzo and kind staff.Won't come back for food.  Nice space and drink prices. Took a while to get service.  Initially, had to get up from table to look for servers.  When ready for check, had to look for server again.  Servers were pleasant and friendly.  Bathroom was a mess and looked to have vomit residue near trash can.  Unfortunately, this also effected meal experience. Seems like a nice place to socialize.Awesome bar, quick friendly service, appropriate prices, and great crowd. This should be your go to spot.I was here twice in the early afternoon and it was a pleasant experience. The food here is solid but a bit over-priced (no more over priced than other places in this area) and the service was adequate. Plus you get a TON of fries (in a little metal bucket no less) with your burger, so I 'd recommend splitting a dish. 
The bartenders were all attentive. I've never been here at night, but around lunch on a weekend it's not crowded at all. The beer on draft will cost you around $6.50 (this was for the Guinness and Sam Adams Seasonal). 
There was nothing remarkable about the place (it lacks the character of a McGillin's Olde Ale House) but I'm a fan of good food and a pleasant atmosphere. I'll be back.Good bar....good specials during Saturday college football games.  Service is slow. Faster to get a drink at the bar then wait for waitress to come around.I will never go back to this place again.  Went there for lunch at 1:00 p.m.  The restaurant was far from crowded.  We ordered a plain flat bread pizza and a side salad.  After 1/2 hour, the side salad showed up.  We waited another 20 minutes and the pizza never came out, but it was coming in 2 minutes.  After another 10 minutes we finally walked out.It's a pretty good go to spot.  Has a menu that offers a variety of foods.  The drinks are pretty good. Service is okay.  Pros: Big tvs, good crowd when a game is on. Cons: can get tight when crowded.Went here for lunch with some co-workers .. Service was decent and it was very busy.  I had the Chicken wings , which are huge and a decent portion for the price.   A cool spot to grab some lunch and reasonably priced.Great place for happy hour. 5-7p Mon-Fri. $1 off drafts and some half price starters. The boneless buffalo wings are great. Quizzo Wednesday nights @7p.So Patriots fans give you so much business but you close out half the bar for Eagles fans during the Super Bowl. Lame dude. Lame.I went to Smith's just for late night drinks (no food) on a Wednesday night with friends. I liked that it was a place you could have a conversation in without yelling and not too crowded. So, not a great Saturday night fun spot, but a cool low-key meet up spots for friends mid week.I went here with some friends for quizzo, and I was really pleased.  The beer list covers a wide range of tastes, and the prices are reasonable given the area.  The happy hour was pretty awesome too.  
Some friends and I shared some appetisers along with our beers.  I had a few bites of the guac and fell in love.  The chips are fresh and delicious.  The pizzas have super-thin crust that is almost cracker-like, which i really enjoy when i'm having a few beers.  I hate that too-much-crust + wheat beer feeling.  I tried a slice of the margarita pizza, and a slice of the mushroom pizza.  They were both phenomenal.  The margarita was so simple, yet tasty while the mushroom had this amazing truffle oil taste that gets me every time.  The only complaint i have is that they cut the pies weird.  If you want a middle slice, it's a commitment!  If you get an end piece, you're lucky the crust isn't doughy.  I'd come back here for sure!Have not had the food here, but Smith's is a good place to get drinks and hang out with friends. Two bars! Smith's can be really random though. Some nights it is packed and people are dancing on the small dancefloor and other nights, it's totally dead.The food was decent but nothing special. The service was extremely slow, the waitress forgot to give us our appetizer, and the bill was wrong. The worst part was that we were the only people in the restaurant, so it's not like the waitress was busy with other duties. Just poor service and we were very disappointed.Went in a few nights ago and liked the layout of the bar, enjoyed my drinks which I think were reasonable for a center city bar. There was an irish gentlemen bartending who was very nice and polite, and attentive.
However im only giving this place 2 stars because the women with the blonde hair ( maybe the manager)? Was extremely rude and dis respectful as we tried to pay our tab. I probably would go again but if i seen her working in any capacity i would def not stayThis is my sports go-to. Being the partner of a - gasp - NY sports fan, we are constantly looking for those few Philly bars with Sunday Ticket or MLB Extra Innings. For the sake of the relationship. Well, Smith's doesn't disappoint. Rarely a problem finding a seat at the bar. Always with the drink specials during games. 
The food is usually very good. Above average bar food I would say. Love the boneless wings, love the pizzas, and even have been know to get adventurous on occasion with the fish tacos. I have been disappointed a few times but nothing consistent. Hit or miss specials during games.
Tons of TVs. Including the sneaky back room with the comfy chairs and dart board. I have watched a movie in this room, I hate to admit.Omg omg omg get their nachos!!!! They are called habanero nachos, so you know they have a lil kick to them. The nachos are so fresh, they taste like no nacho I've ever had before. I swear they make them fresh, it's no way they come out of a plastic bag. I've tried other food from here but I can't remember, didn't have a lasting impact on me. Drinks are drinks, noting special. But those nachos though, try em! 
Oh yeah they have a lil dj booth and one side of the bar turns into a dance floor for ppl to get their jam on once nightful hits. Music wasn't really my type but the atmosphere is cool.Smiths is a cool hang out with a great selection of beer and a great atmosphere to chat with friends. The waitstaff is lovely. However, the food that we had was mediocre at best, which was disappointing because the food choices looked extremely appetizing. 
We had two orders of two different types of wings. We had the classic and an asian variety, both of which were undercooked and neither of which were particularly good. Then we had the cheesesteak spring rolls, which were okay. Lastly, we had the BBQ chicken flatbread. While it wasn't terrible, it could have been better. It was a lot larger than we had anticipated. 
We ended up staying all night drinking. As I said, it is a really cool and unique bar scene and if you are just looking to get cocktails, Smiths is a good spot.I often stop by Smith's after work as it's very close. The drinks are good and the food is always impressive. They've got some delicious guacamole too! The service is always friendly and usually pretty speedy and I always meet great people here.
The drinks can be a little pricey, but they've got a great variety. They also have many TV's so you can usually watch whatever game you're looking for.
The reason I docked a few stars was because it can get really packed for being such a small place and when that happens it's not very enjoyable. Along with that, they used to have an awesome special for Phillies games ($1 hotdogs and $2 Yuenglings)- I loved the dollar dogs and told a bunch of my friends about their promotion (they would do it every night there was a Phillies game) until one night in the middle of the season where they just decided they were no longer doing it. About a week after I told everyone about it. Kind of odd to take something like that away.
Aside from no longer having any unique specials and crowds, the drinks are good and the service is good- stop by if you're in the area!Do you need a low-key place to watch a college football game without too many loud customers around?  Then Smith's is the place to be.
As they were our hosts for another Cal Alumni football viewing (against UCLA this weekend), we were able to coordinate with the head bartender, Ashley, for a good corner spot in the back area. We were able to get our own big screen TV with audio (big plus) and enough real estate for our group to hang out at.  Ashley made sure that we had the channel we needed and even got us audio for the ballgame...great job as always.
Our server, Brooke, who in her first day on the job was great in promptly taking care of our orders. She was also fantastic in  checking up on whether we had enough beer around at our tables.  The alums that came out really like the spot as they commented that we could actually watch the game comfortably and not be overrun by other groups that were watching games (such is the case at other sports bars).
In terms of food, I went with the chicken sandwich again...and as always it was delicioso. Brooke even made sure to let me know when it coming and kept us all informed about our orders.
Everyone was pleased with the set-up and we hope to be back soon for another Cal alumni football viewing event.My wife and I have been "living" in the Embassy suites waiting on our movers to deliver our stuff - relocating from TN.  We Yelped to see what was close to the hotel on an awesome warm Wednesday night and we saw the listings for Smiths.  I'm going 5 stars here because I was impressed....it's probably a legitimate 4 star joint, but count me in at pleasantly surprised.  
Plenty of bar space with 2 bars and lots of tables.  Bartenders were friendly and very attentive - let us sample some draft before we decided. Beers were good and cold with a decent selection.  
The food was damn fine for a bar - maybe better than fine for a bar.  It was really good.  We ate a black peppered tuna appetizer - which was delicious!  For dinner wifey had a Mahi salad - Brussel slaw, kale with mustard vinaigrette - said it was great.  I munched a chop salad -  chicken and the works chopped with a cilantro dressing - excellent salad.  Prices were reasonable with specials every day - tonight was $5 chicken nacho night which looked ample and decadent.  The flatbreads looked good as well.....crispy thin and huge - size of a large pizza anywhere else.  
Go there....you'll dig it.....cool atmosphere and a great spot to stop for a drink and a bite.I'm giving this 5 stars because it is my go-to bar for happy hours after work and I love this place.  Staff usually pretty awesome. TVs all around if you want to watch a game. Great guacamole.
Some people docked this place a star or two because it can be pricey or crowded. I can't blame the bar for drawing in its customers. That's just because it's a great place to go.  Having the drinks be $1 or $2 more than, say, drinkers down the street, means that it attracts a slightly more mature crowd instead of college kids.A great spot of happy hour, especially if your friend gets there early to save you a seat.  The staff was super accommodating of my vegetarianism and made us some specials. The moral of all the food I tried was definitely order something if it has their house chimichurri on it! They have a nice selection of beers, I went with a seasonal local craft. It is definitely an Irish bar, as many of the staff members are sporting super accents. Johnny at the bar was great to talk to and I can't wait to come back .Came here for the phillies game on monday and really enjoyed myself.  We got in for happy hour and it $1 off all drafts and half priced on certain apps.  I loved the brie with apples and the boneless buffalo wings were fantastic.
Our server was very pleasent and attentive.  It looks like they have about three TV's on every wall which makes it easy for everyone to watch the game.  It was a great night and the phillies did well so the whole bar was in great spirits.
Great local bar!Their cheese sauce for the fries is good but the fries were way over salted. My burger was charred, could hardly eat it. The salad looked really good but had too much dressing on it. We went her because we had a gift card but I would not visit again. Also is very noisy - incredibly hard to hear.I came here to watch my Patriots beat the Chiefs on Saturday afternoon.
This place is packed during Patriots games. All seating full and tight for standing.
On the day I visited, the staff was very good at constantly checking on our table and promptly bringing out drinks and food. 
If you're a Pats fan and want a place to watch the game, come to Smith's. You'll love it.Came here with the girls for happy hour. 
The buffalo bites are soooo good we order two or three orders ( they were half off as well! double whammy!) Sara tried the filipino empanada which was kinda disapointing. My darling Rebec who is a avocado afficianado approved of the guac wholeheartedly....again I think we had two orders!
Beers were a dollar off, wine was five bucks a glass I think? However, then quizzo started....avoid wednesday nights!They overcharged my friend and I by over 15 dollars. The bill only shows the total amount so when we asked the waitress to see each item she said she couldn't change it because there was no manager on. (It was a Saturday night). She proceeded to give us cash - but not enough. We both lost money. I will never go back because the good and drinks were not even that good. I can't stand businesses that just take your money and give no explanation. DO NOT GO HERE BECAUSE THEY OVERCHARGE YOU.Came here to meet a friend on Thursday night for happy hour. Its gross. First there were flies all over. There were 2 people sitting at the bar when I got there and the bartender completely ignored me while wiping his nose for five minutes. When I finally did get the bartender to take my order, 3 of the drafts were kicked and not replaced. One of the waitresses stood next to me at the end of the bar and grabbed one of those bamboo knot toothpick things and began to dig under her nails with it. Right next to me. I've never had a great experience here, but never completely wrote it off until now.Amazing service and food. I Come here all the time. I like how you can get any salad as a wrap or any sandwich as a wrap. They have a. Great happy hour too.. $4 for all drafts is amazing!!! Boards are hilarious.I only gave one star because they at least had HD TV's. If your looking for a college frat house that's also a bar, your in luck. Watch out lady's because these guys can't handle their alcohol. I decided to leave after only one drink because my wife deserves better.20 people came out before our group of 4 were allowed in. Bouncers are terrible. Definitely not a good spot to go late night on the weekend. Over priced drinks and service is terrible. Good luck having any sort of fun here. Not that it mattered but it was my birthday and it sucked.I went in to Smiths a few times. Once for a slow happy hour where the unfriendly bartenders didn't even know what the specials were, & I had to flag them down for refills several times after waiting at least 10 minutes. The other time I went to Smiths was during lunch where I was the only person at the bar & the female bartender basically made me a drink & disappeared for the 25 minutes I was there. A food runner brought me my food & then the bartender re-appeared long enough to drop off my check. Never again. It's called the Hospitality Industry for a reason.Went in with low expectations and was mildly surprised.  Went during a happy hour on a Thursday and were treated to $3 Magic Hat and $10 pizza specials.  The pizzas are huge and refreshingly different.  Flatbread pizza, ultra thin and tasty ingredients.  My girlfriend and I shared the classic and the jimmy pizza.  The jimmy was my favorite with it's sirachi sauce and chicken sausage.  We also split some buffalo shrimp which were really tasty.  I liked the buffalo sauce and look forward to trying their wings sometimes.  The place has lots of TVs if a game is on and isn't terribly loud.  Service was exceptional and surprising after seeing some reviews on here.  Our waitress whose name I can't remember was extremely attentive.
Go check it out!I've been here quite a few times for lunch.  The food is always good but it takes forever to come out, and the service is very slow.  You have to ask for everything - drink refills, the check, etc.  Most recently my friends and I noticed a strong dirty bar-rag/mildew smell when we walked in.  Both yesterday and the month before we noticed it.  Something needs to be done there because it's very off-putting, and I can't believe the manager and wait staff haven't noticed it.  My friend had the Quinoa salad with chicken - I think the salad was $13 and it was an additional $6 for the chicken making her salad $19 - way too expensive for that salad, but she said it was good.  The steak salad was good but overdressed and the dressing was very salty.  The steak itself was good though.  All in all, not great but ok!Stopped in to get out of the rain. Turned out to be a really good choice. Friendly staff and a really solid burger. Will definitely go back.The Sunday Game Day Smith's experience is both exhilarating and exquisite ... I thought that my Sports Bar days were in my rear view mirror along with Buddy Ryan and Doctor J, until my Housemate, a New Englander and Patriots Fanatic for life, started taking me there to watch Pats Games on Sunday. The crowd is boisterous and exciting, the Bartenders , [ Angelica, Molly, Kendal, and Jacqueline to name a few] are hard working and good looking...and nice not surly. The Food? Mio Dio! It's incredible ! I've eaten my way through the Menu, game by game..from the Signature Burger to the Ahi Tuna Wrap ... Delectable & Delightful !
  Having said all this, my experience has only been 14 NFL Sundays..others may have had a different drinking and dining experience. A+I come here every Wednesday, not like most of the bars in Rittenhouse. Very chill. Service is always friendly & fun. Good bar food, great spot to watch games and darts in the back room.Smiths is a great place for food and drinks.  The bartenders are nice and know what they are doing. Whether you are there on a Sunday for NFL, food, and beer or a random night for dinner and drinks, you are bound to have a good time.Oh so you haven't been to Smith's yet?
Get off your ass and go. NOW.
One of my fave spots in the city, good for a pre-gaming and planning out the night, a casual dinner/drink with friends or a just to chill and watch a game. I'm not a huge sports fan, so many sports bars make me pretty uncomfortable. There's none of that here - the atmosphere is the perfect blend of welcoming and enthusiastic rowdiness, and strikes a great balance between "Cheers" and something out of Sex and The City. I've been just fine sitting by myself and waiting for a friend to come in. The food is yummy- I'm a big fan of the fish sticks, which sound much more childish and basic than they are. The spring rolls, pizza & tuna burgers are pretty high on my list too.
But the important part: The. Drinks. 
Yes, they're a little pricier than the average "neighborhood bar", but you get who and what you pay for. The "who" are Ash and Steve. Besides the fact that both of them are hawt(!!!), Steve is hands down one of the best bartenders in the city. No hype, no exaggeration. I'm very, very picky about my liquor and he makes me like things I swear I've always hated. Also, his drinks are creative (have you ever had elderflower? How about a strawberry thyme martini?) without being pretentious. There's a really good  blonde bartender too, but I forget her name - sorry!
If you're lucky, you might bump into Mr. Smith himself on a slow weeknight.GREAT happy hour spot. The beer selection is decent and the service is knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating, as they charged my phone for me behind the bar. Without knowing it was the owner, I sat next to a man and had a nice conversation before he handed me a Guinness free of charge.
The food is OK. I would recommend the pizza.
At night, the tables clear out and the south side of the bar turns into a dance party.I just love Smith's bar food and I don't think it gets enough credit. It's also one of the best places to watch a TV event with a group in my opinion.
To the food: the wings are simply the best, and I am not even really a wings person. I could also order that prosciutto, arugula, mushroom and Boursin cheese pizza weekly for the rest of my life and be a very happy camper. 
Although the menu is rather limited I'm quickly learning that everything on it is worth trying.Love breaking it down on this dance floor. The DJ they have on the weekends is always killing it. 
I love coming here late at night when Im already feeling pretty good. There is always a nice sized young crowd and surprisingly good looking guys. People tend to be more dressed up here but hey who doesn't love throwing on the old heels and tight black dress every once and awhile?