I'm very happy with the food, and most of all the service.
I ordered biscuits and gravy and was not happy with what came to the table, the server quickly fixed it and even the manager came out to apologize.
You can tell everyone cares.Great food, excellent surface. Many options, so try everything. I highly highly recommend the oysters!Love this spot! I've been here twice now, trying different dishes each time, and the food is consistently very good. 
Food: get the fried chicken. Also, get the Mac and cheese. You can feel guilty about it later. 
Atmosphere: cute and cozy with I've music. Just be warned that sitting near the musician means you won't be able to hear much of anything else. 
Service: always prompt and courteous!I live in the area and am thrilled ot have live music 5 nights/week.  We have eaten here for both brunch and dinner--both were very good, not standard bar fare at all.  They are reaching for gastropub and some of the menu hits it squarely,.  The Onion Tart and Vegetarian Shephard's Pie, for instance.  Wonderful vibe inside.  And did we mention the live music...a juke joint on Headhouse Square...c'mon people, you gotta love THAT.We made reservations, and were seated upstairs about a foot from the band at a table that seemed more like a bar table. After sitting for 45 min with NO SERVICE, just empty glasses and silverware, we left. While leaving the host kindly insisted to grab the manager after we told her what happened. (The hosts were wonderful!)   The manager did nothing besides essentially say that this wasn't typical and to come back.Came here on Friday night for happy hour...great prices on drinks but the food was subpar this time. The fried green tomato Blt was very tasty...I will come back for brunch. 
During winter months sit in the room on the opposite side of the door... Be prepared to wear your coat most of the time.The food here is really incredible. I had the fried chicken in a bag and it was delicious! The menu offers a nice twist on southern comfort food. I love the decor and the service is excellent. Our waiter Adam was friendly and attentive and thoroughly explained the menu to us. We had a bunch of desserts but my favorite was the chocolate pecan pie with BACON ICECREAM! Yes! I highly recommend this place. Can't wait to go back!Great music, AMAZING, most comprehensive bourbon list anywhere in the city, with the nicest, most knowledgable bar tenders ever.  I did not have a chance to eat there - we can later at night for drinks and the music (honky tonk / rockabilly amazingness).  I love the interior, total retro cowgirl.This place has the best wings ever and the fries totally rock.  We frequent this place and the food is consistently good and the servers couldn't be more friendly or helpful.  We highly recommend it for a fun casual atmosphere with great food.
Sherri and Steve
PhiladelphiaI went to Twisted Tail with my father. We were definitely not disappointed. We got the 4-course meal and loved every part of it. The specialty grill they used brought out some interesting flavors. The service was very good and attentive to our orders. The atmosphere was fun and different compared to the modern scene I've seen in many other restaurants in the city. I will definitely be coming back to this neighborhood treat.Good Craw Mac n' Cheese
Excellent Kale Salad ! 
Waitress was really nice and nice lunch outside !Charcoal grill "pre apps" are a nice touch. The quail paired nicely with a bourbon, the mushrooms not so much.  They were good otherwise.
My wife and I shared a baby leaf greens salad and the Cornish hen and succotash.  It was delicious.  
The ambiance on the lower level is mediocre, but the acoustic guitarist was a nice touch.  Head upstairs to enjoy some louder music and hang out for a bit.  The decor is much more authentic.
Will return again , but with friends.Twisted Tail Score: 18
Burger Quality: 4
Bun: 4
Fries: 4
Extras:  3
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: Decent burger with a nice presentation.  Love the downstairs vibe and the bourbon makes me happy.
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)I'm not quite sure I get this place. It's a pub, but doesn't feel like one, and is definitely not priced like one. The live music is cool, but overall this place lacks character.My favorite place in Philly! First found this place last year but didn't remember the name, Yelp to the rescue! So glad I found this place. The decor is to die for, from the outside seating to the first floor dining room, the upstairs side room to the bar area with live music this place has it all. 
The live music is amazing, need to find a place like this in DC! Both times I've been the band and singer had people up and dancing and everyone clapping. The drinks are great, the bartenders are more like mixologist and the food is not your average bar food. Never had a bad drink, they are light and refreshing and strong! My boyfriend and I ordered the pulled pork empanadas and I ordered the mushroom salad. The 2 medium sized empanadas came out hot and filled with tender perfectly cooked pork. The pork wasn't covered with seasoning or sauce which was great because it let the natural pork flavor shine, if they don't have the cover with other flavors you know it's good! The mushroom salad was light but filling (if that makes sense) looked small but once I mixed it all together it was a good sized salad. The tart and tangy dressing was a perfect mix with the creamy goat cheese and the crystallized ginger gave it a little sweetness. The mushrooms were the perfect topping and blended right in. The bartenders are very friendly, attentive and fast. This place is a perfect 10... well, 5 star.So we've been here a couple times, I decided to review it this time because it really is a wonderful place to come! They have their own version of city wide specials for $5, which is amazing paired with their cheese board, as strange as that may seem. We originally came here for the crawfish mac & cheese which ended up being the side highlight, it didn't really have a savory crawfish taste in every bite, but either way we still love this place!!I consider this place a second home! Very friendly staff and delicious cocktails & bar snacks. Upstairs has a funky living room vibe with bar games, TV, and great live music.A favorite spot in Philly, right on Headhouse Square!  The atmosphere is great with a very cozy downstairs with live acoustic music most nights of the week.  Perfect place to meet up for a drink and low key relaxation.  The upstairs bar provides a more lively time with consistently good blues and rock bands and the adjacent club room is complete with shuffle board, darts, and couches by a fireplace, a fun place to chill with friends. 
They have good beers on tap and the cocktails are top notch.  I mostly snack on their small plates and appetizers while at the bar, all of which are delicious (crawfish mac-n-cheese is my go-to). 
Most importantly - the service is great with awesome staff.  They go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable and "at home".What a great experience! We went for restaurant week and by far this has been my best restaurant week experience ever. The food was so great and the drinks were even better. The best part of the whole evening was the service. I saw managers running food, taking drink orders and helping out their servers. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for an evening with great food, drinks and live music. The pork belly was incredible!Never have I had such over cooked seafood, one of the worst temperature cooked scallops and octopus I've ever had. The romesco from the scallops was delicious, but ruined by the fact they were completely over cooked. Don't even get me started on the octopus, chewed like beef jerky. Kitchens gone down, wait staff was kind if there but never when neededOn first impression, I'm wooed by the details: the sheet music wallpaper, the booze barrel bar stools, or cowboy hats on hooks (which you're encouraged to wear while kicking your heels to the in-house bands). 
The owners have certainly put a lot of thought into this new space. Live blues bands add to this fun, inviting atmosphere. Guaranteed, you'll see my friends here on many many weekends to come.
As for the menu, there are still kinks to work out. I think the biggest fault with Twisted Tail is their identity: it's not quite solid yet. The board has some interesting dishes to fit into  their "bourbon and blues" and open fire concept, though there are plenty that do not. 
The Smokehouse Lightning cocktail was deeeelicious, for starters. The mac and cheese was intensely rich, though a bit bland, even with the addition of chewy crawfish meat. Lamb sliders were juicy little bites, though I tasted none of the sun-dried cranberry aioli listed on the menu. The "primal chili" had a great balance of meat and beans, topped with a bit of melted chocolate and (too much) sea salt. 
Service was friendly, attentive and clearly nervous. Had a bit of a mix-up when we paid our check, leaving me a bit salty, but I won't fault them for it here. Shit happens, especially when you're a nervous new server.
Maybe I'm being nitpicky, but all restaurants have to grow to really make it. I have high hopes for Twisted Tail, though, and am really glad they're in our 'hood. Give it a few months and I'm certain things will even out.Went with a party of 8.  Food was good.  Service was a disgrace.  Arrived at 830, main course didn't arrive until 10:30.  Waiter was setting tables instead of accommodating our already aggravated table.  To hold us over at one point a solitary salad was brought out for one of the eight people at the table.  When main course was brought out 7 of 8 people received their entrees.  Last persons entree was a shrimp dish and when it arrived 20 minutes after everyone else's the shrimp were raw.  Shocking service!The best meal I've ever had in Philly. Love this place. Great cocktails. Great service too. Also love that they have shuffle board upstairs.This review is for the downstairs bar, drinks, and service. The place was not crowded, yet the bartender acted as if he just could not be bothered with making our drinks. If you're going to work in an environment in which high end cocktails are advertised, at least pretend as if you enjoy making them.We had the upstairs area booked for a company event in November 2015 and could not have more pleased to have chosen this venue. The space itself is cozy and inviting with hardwood floors, exposed brick, and has a very relaxed vibe. The food was excellent (we ordered the mac & cheese fritters, rice balls, and pulled pork sliders) and our guests were raving about it the entire evening. Loved the drinks menu and highly recommend their specialty cocktails all of which were great (especially the bourbon drinks). Also I want to point out that the staff were exceptionally friendly all night from the event manager, all the servers and bartenders. I will be back any time I find myself in Philly!very disappointed in the food...so let down i can't think of anything else to sayQuick Summary:  Slightly overpriced yet still great bourbon bar with a diverse blues entertainment lineup.
I've been to T3 five times and have eaten there on three occasions.  I've consistently had good food, though I struggle with the price for the value and portion size.  My most favorite foods there so far have been the fried tomatoes (on special), corn fritters, primal chili, crabcakes and blackened catfish.  Prices are too prohibitive on their charcoal menu offerings (with no sides?!?!) to entice me.  Service has always been quick and accomodating and all of my meals have always come out hot with the appropriate condiments.  Great bartending with special emphasis on liquor/cocktail knowledge AND food pairings.  I've never been bored with my bourbons there, and it never fails that I am offered something that I've not tried before.
The decor in the venue is simple yet interesting.  Whiskey barrels serve as seats and foundations for the tables and bar upstairs, though the hard bar seats are hell on the ass with little back support.  The lounge area has inviting couches, a fireplace and shuffleboard.  There's a distinct lack of scuzzy people hanging out and that's almost enough for me to give them an extra star!
Twisted Tail has become a hotspot in the Delaware Valley for blues performers.  House band Mikey Junior and the Stone Cold Blues Band (have competed several years at the International Blues Challenge in Memphis) rock the spot weekly and host the Open Jam on Sunday evenings.  Other local and regional acts have graced the stage, to include Roger Girke, Georgie Bonds and Deb Callahan.  My only whine is that acoustically, the band space is far from perfect. The narrow chamber limits the ability to get a substantial audience in to see the musicians; there are only two tables on the floor up in the front of the room.  The bands are backed by glass windows and surrounded by brick in the long, narrow room; sound vigorously jettisons around in the room.  It would be easy to put some stylish acoustic material in the clamshell where the bands play to control some of the harshness.
My other criticism?  My sense is that the chef and management is overthinking, coming close to ruining the simplicity of southern cooking with nouvelle techniques and ideas.  This isn't a BBQ joint an they should probably stop peddling themselves as such unless they truly change the menu and employ KISS priciples.  In turn, they'd be bringing in far more people and getting far better reviews with easier-to-deliver fare.I'm definitely a fan of this place, but I agree with commentary on the other yelp reviews.
Came in for happy hour, had two abita beers, shared mac & cheese and the pork empanadas. Really great stuff and the total only came out to about $12 each for my friend and I.
I did honestly feel like the bartenders were all in a sour mood. Just asking a question here or there or ordering something from the menu, I felt like I was inconveniencing them. I was also disappointed because so many reviews said they have great popcorn and I was there from 5:15-6:30 and no popcorn was served. We asked about it and they said they would bring it out, and they never did - so womp womp.
I would come back for happy hour, just be prepared to not expect a warm welcome from the people that work here. No idea why the bartenders don't like the patrons!Live music and southern style comfort food? Sign me up! Great drink menu too. Service has always been great and will continue to go back. By far my favorite restaurant in Philly!Craft cocktails, huge whiskey/bourbon list and some really interesting food choices.
Thoroughly enjoyed the grilled corn, grilled asparagus, shishito peppers, and the fried chicken.
Tried several of the cocktails, Summer Solstice was the perfect blend of sweet and heat and a must try drink.This places seems to fly under the radar screen. It's a solid value across the board:  food, prices, atmosphere, wine selection, live music and location in heart of Head House Square.  The food is good, service friendly. The best aspect is the lack of crowds, which can kill the whole brunch concept at many of its competitors.Somehow I had never been here, but that was rectified on a Saturday night.  I met up with a large group and we were able to get a table and enjoy a few drinks.  I had a stout, others had a bourbon flight.  The music was a little loud downstairs to the point of having to walk out for a phone call, but otherwise no complaints.From the moment you meet the host and you server, all are very friendly and helpful. Live music set the perfect atmosphere. Bourbon cocktails, I had the bomber, was outstanding. Cheese and crackers appetizers set the stage for roasted duck with snap peas. For top off, benet's with bourbon Carmel and coffee. Highly recommend and will visit again when in Philly.Go Upstairs - Awesome bar, Awesome live music.  Like, REALLY awesome music. Rockabilly Honky Tonk Blues - Old Dudes that really rock out.  Try the 'Angel's Envy' bourbon.  Heard that food the downstairs is awful.Nice atmosphere, good food & service, very enjoyable lunch.  I also liked that they have gluten free options.Went during restaurant week. Enjoyed the variety of the pre fixe menu. I'm only giving them 4 stars because the service could've been better. I would absolutely return for the hangar steak!Nice location and atmosphere.  Stopped in for a late lunch.  Got chicken sandwich on a bun.  Chicken was fried (I should have paid attention) and too hot to eat.  Brioche bun was stale and had sesame seedsWe had dinner here last night and I was extremely impressed, as it exceeded my expectations from what looks like just another bar.  But once you look at the menu, you realize this is more than just your average pub food.
Tip: Do the 4 course tasting menu for $39.  If you buy an entree and one other item, it's already paid for itself, what a great deal!
There were 4 of us so we were able to try each others' dishes.  I ordered the shrimp in the shell and the presentation was great but it was hard to get the shrimp out of the shells and it tasted a bit fishy.  My friend ordered the octopus and I wish I had ordered that instead.  It was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of spices to give it some unique flavors but not too overpowering.  I also liked the lamb meatballs, which came with a yogurt sauce so these reminded me of a greek dish.
I do like the live music but we were with a group and wanted to talk to each other, so they seated us in the back corner and it was perfect!I've been here twice - once in the early evening when we needed a quick bite to eat before a movie, and the other late at night on a weekend for a relaxing couple of drinks with friends.
For the first meal, I had the crawfish mac and cheese while my boyfriend had a pulled pork slider. The mac and cheese was served in a skillet - definitely a shareable appetizer, or in my case plenty for an entree. It was well seasoned, with the crawfish being flavorful, but not doused in spice, which I appreciated. The pulled pork slider was great - I prefer sauce to a dry rub, and the bbq sauce on this was delicious. He also had a very large portion. We each also had a beer, and the happy hour price was fair. By the time we left, the live music was still setting up, so we didn't get to see anyone perform.
The second time we went there, was for drinks and some snacks late at night. There was a late night menu, with a good number of options to choose from. I don't remember what other people got, but I remember ordering a side of hush puppies. They were so good, they reminded me of the ones I had in North Carolina. Crispy and fried, but not too dry on the inside. The sauces were also very flavorful. 
As a side, a few of my friends ordered the flights of bourbon - each had only great things to say, and it was especially nice that the server explained each one in detail, and the recommended order in which to drink them.
Bummed that I haven't made it back for any live music nights - they happen pretty frequently!First time here and have had a great time!! 
Joe was super helpful on our wine selection and service. I will most definitely be coming back!Very nice romantic chill setting.  Beautiful decor.  Spacious seating.  They offer chairs with backs if you don't want to sit on the ottoman.  I came here back in November so I can't remember the name of the drink that I loved so much.  I think it was bourbon with cinnamon and ginger.  What ever it was it was strong as hell, my type of drink!  Had to have another.  
I had the Maryland Crab Cakes and the Crawfish Mac and Cheese.  Damn, damn, damn, finger linking good. My friend had the Grilled Shrimp, Brussel Sprouts (infused with bacon) and Corn bread in a skillet.  My bff had the chicken in a bag.  The only one complaint I remember is the Brussel Sprouts.  My friends don't eat pork.  Not sure if it said on the menu or not that it was infused in bacon but thankfully no one got sick.
Will come back the next time I'm in town.First time and really enjoyed it!  Our server was Shelby was super friendly. Owner got involved in the meal preparation for my wife when he heard of her allergies. Very nice bourbon selection as well. The steak was excellent too.The bartenders here are really knowledgeable. The food is delicious. I'm giving it a 4 because it's a little expensive and, sometimes, the bartenders can be a little slow.Stopped in here on a Saturday for a few drinks and really enjoyed it.  
Ordered a bourbon flight - which came in a nice little bourbon tree! Went for the Colonial Iron Flight for $14 - Eagle Rare, Johnny Drum, and Jefferson Straight.  Very tasty!  
The lady had the Red Southern Wine Cooler - tasted very much like Sangira! 
Oh - and the live music of Nate Myers and the Aces was awesome - I'll definitely be coming back! The food looked fantastic too - looking forward to get back there to try the food!I highly recommend Sunday Brunch here.  Every thing we had was great.  Of course we sampled some pours of whiskey.  Parking on a Sunday was not too bad but was meter parking. 
Our server was very attentive.  I forgot her name.I went to the Twisted Tail after hitting a few other places earlier in the evening.  I was having a cool evening with friends and we happy to find this cool place to bring our night to a close.  It was super crowded, but we hung out and stood real close to a few people sitting at the bar and they finally got the hint and we grabbed their seats....LOL
Although it was busy, the bar keep and was patient and friendly.  I enjoyed the energy of the patrons and I think it was because it was different age groups here and that was a nice balance.  
We ordered some appetizers and drinks and both we pretty good.  I had the lamb meatballs and friends had the cheese plate.  
I would go back to really enjoy the atmosphere when it is less crowded.  I also like the neighborhood.I would probably give this place a 3.5, not a 3. We went during beer week so it was a little hectic, but we had a table outside which was nice. There's an extensive drink menu- beer, wine, cocktails, and specialty whiskey and bourbon. I had wine and my boyfriend had a beer and a cocktail. We liked all the drinks! Started with the crawfish mac n cheese and the mixed greens salad. Mac n cheese was bomb and a nice sized portion. Mixed greens were good but nothing special for the price. It weirdly had mint in it too. I got hanger steak and he got the duck breast. Good food but nothing spectacular for the price you're paying. We got 15% off food for checking into yelp and it still seemed overpriced. I probably would come for lunch or happy hour, but for dinner it's not worth the price.I had a great experience at Twisted Tail with my fiance and some friends.
Lamb sliders are delish!!  Crab cakes have no fillers!!
My fiance got the Cowboy Steak.  It was amazing!!  I got the salmon which was decent, but I will definitely be getting the steak the next time we go back.
Drinks are good, but a bit expensive.
All in all - great new restaurant!!  We will be back!Stopped in for opening. Great atmosphere.  Tasty original cocktails. Overwhelming beer/bourbon selection.  
Food is fresh and they have a completely unique menu.  They're still working out the kinks on the food but I think this place is gonna be a hot spot for either a yummy sit down schmancy dinner or chilling out upstairs playing shuffleboard sippin bourbon.From wallpapered walls on which spotlit photos of homes are hung, to plain brick facade, to large blown-up portraits of Joplin, Hendrix, and other classic rockers, Twisted Tail's lower level is somewhat confusing. This confusion extends to the kitchen, wherein the recent chef switcheroo of Michael Stevenson for Leo Forneas has led to the restaurant's refocus from the pure Southern bourbon and blues motif that previously and not very successfully defined them since opening a few years ago.
On a normal day, this would be enough in itself, but I chose to visit during Mother's Day, pretty much the worst day for dining out, especially when you're part of a party of eight. So the service, while not bad, per se, gets a pass. What doesn't get a pass is the prix fixe menu from which we were forced to order. The menu consisted of literally every item of their normal brunch menu, plus a couple of desserts, for a significantly higher price than normal. So say you wanted to order the salad and buttermilk chicken sandwich - $15 on a normal Sunday. $35 on Mother's Day. But you got a choice of beignets or panna cotta for dessert, so I'm sure that warranted the extra markup. Needless to say, I made it a priority to choose the absolute most expensive things on their normal brunch menu.
Another problem with just throwing your entire menu onto a prix fixe is portion sizes. My tuna tartare was simply mixed with the occasional sliced cornichon and served alongside a few potato chips, but it was fresh and a good size to prime to palate for the rest of the meal. Some of my fellow diners got the pigs in a blanket, which were nearly a main course in themselves. After plowing through a few of them, multiple people remarked at how full they were getting, and the main course hadn't even arrived yet. 
The Maryland Crab cake eggs benedict isn't what you'd expect to find in a Southern-slanted restaurant, but I'm glad it's here, because the crab cakes were almost all crab, and went really well with the eggs (poached well for me, though others weren't so lucky), mustard hollandaise, and English muffin. Serving them alongside french fries seemed like they just didn't want to take the time to prepare an additional starch, and I didn't want to take the time to eat the underwhelming slices of potato. 
Fried dough is an easy crowd pleaser, and the beignets hit the spot, even if they were still a little doughy. The gluten-free diner amongst us described her panna cotta as "interesting," and not in a good way, though she seemed unfamiliar with the dish. 
To be honest, the combination of food and company provided an overall positive experience at Twisted Tail, though there were enough missteps to not make it a priority to return. Regardless of the good service from our server, and the great service from the managers in seating us in what must have been a hellish time for them, the food still needs a little bit of refinement.