I remember when this was a great restaurant, decades ago.  So,as we're walking by heading for Indian food, one companion tells us about the G.R. makeover, so we go in.  Well, he may have changed the management and the menu, but he forgot to introduce the kitchen staff to their spice shelf.  My chicken mole looked nice, but the sauce had zero taste.  The steak tacos, while done with good meat [diner was not asked how he wanted his steak, by the way, and it was rarer than he likes] but the steak was totally unseasoned so didn't have any pizazz.  I won't be back.Trying very hard to be a high-priced fine dining establishment, but all you get are small portions of food for an exorbitant price.  I've said this before, and I will say it again:  please don't charge me for chips and salsa.  Five bucks for a small 4-ounce bowl of salsa and a basket of chips is insane.  I will not be going to Zocalo again.About 25 years ago, I hit Zocalo with one of my kitchen buds, Mark V. What an incredible experience - my first savory cocktail (Pablotini with a habanero), first true mole, first kiss in a life long love of chorizo. We knew Jackie and Lou professionally and from the restaurant school. Long before JG made the seen, they were rockin nuevo mex. For about 5 years, we would make a pilgrimmage and each time, introduce our friends to the incredible cuisine and dining experience. Then came kids...
Well, a quarter century later, son number two goes to Drexel and we've been to Zocalo two times in the last six months after a long, long hiatus. Good things - the prices are reasonable adn the service was fast. The carnitas and chicken were flavorable and juicy. the guac was better than average. As for the rest., the service was more or less indifferent, maybe because the servers are staring at an iPad while they wait on you. The food was ok, but has completely lost the balanced authenticity and innovativation sparkle that made this place stand out back in the day. 
I might go back for a taco and a beer at happy hour, otherwise ... no mas, no otra vez. Gordon Ramsey? Bring back Jackie and Lou!the red sangria is fine. it tastes like fruit juice...exactly like fruit juice...like as in "no-really-there-isn't-alcohol-in-here-Betty-drink-more" and so Betty drinks more and gets really drunk.Pumpkin seed salsa is fabulous.  Crab and shrimp empanada will give you sweet dreams. Puffed pastry filled with chocolate yummy!  Oh and my absolute favorite margarita..the tamarind margarita rimmed with pepper....taste like a sour patch kid!  YUMMY!Went for lunch and ordered carnitas tacos ($11).  Lunchmate had the shrimp.  Came on a plate with refried beans, rice, guacamole, sour cream, pico and a basket of corn tortillas on the side.  Serving size was enough for lunch (with a bit leftover).  My food seemed salty...maybe even too salty.  Not just the pork but the rice and beans too.   
Anyway, the guacamole was five-star.  Really, REALLY good.  Better than the other local places (Distrito, Gaucamole, etc...).  The presentation wasn't anything special (served in a clear glass bowl with chips around the side) but it was really fantastic.  I'd go back at happy hour for a margarita and some guac.  For lunch I think I'll continue going to Distrito for the $15 2-course lunch deal.I've eaten at Zocalo twice, and never been too impressed. The prices are extremely high for food that is hit or miss.  On a recent lunch trip the shrimp was quite over spiced, and the beans rather watery. Perhaps I have been spoiled by the Mexican food of New York, but charging for ordinary tortilla chips and salsa seems rather silly to me. Both times I have been there the restaurant has been almost empty, likely reflecting the fact that the portions are too small to be worth the price as well. Service was decent but all in all the lunch felt like a waste of time. Just up the block is Lemongrass, a thai restaurant which is a much more satisfying dining experience in my opinion.Five stars for the margaritas. My tamarind margarita with the sugar rim was one of the best margs I've ever had. Amazingly delicious. Three stars for the food. My dish would've been excellent if it wasn't so salty! Am I the only reviewer that noticed that? Lordy, I couldn't finish the thing. And the average dips with the delicious chips, along with the silly 12 dollar charge for them, keep it at three stars.
My friend enjoyed his meal a lot, although he said his was a bit salty, as well. The service was really good. The waitress was very friendly and kept up with me and my friend's dry humor. what a good sport!Decent Mexican fare with good service.  Also one of the few attempts at authentic Mexican food on this side of the city.
Personally have been to Zocalo a few times, with mixed experiences each time.  The food is on the upper end of decent, with my personal favorite being the chile relleno.  They seem to consistently pick good peppers and the spiced cheese is of a very nice quality, although the same cannot be said about the sides.  The beans routinely seem to be overcooked and the rice way too hard and undercooked.  Very unfortunate, but I guess that the main dish is where they put the most effort.  Students can avail of a 10$ lunch special, which is very very reasonable for a UC eatery with above-average food, and there is also a 25$ prix fixe menu which is a good option for those who aren't too financially constrained.
The story of the restaurant is nice, with a husband and wife who worked in the food industry for over 30 years outside the city coming together to open their own eatery and serve traditional food.
Unfortunately, the staff seems like they are forced to work there, and this is very evident with the service.  A few are nice, and actually help out with the food selection, but the majority just don't make the cut.
The bar selection seems to be decent, although I cannot personally comment.
All in all, decent pricing and above-average food make this place a good visit, and honestly, ymmv, depending on the staff and which chef is there for that day.
Good eats!So I'm not sure where some of the other Yelpers get their Mexican, but I thought Zocalo was amazing.  Located in the heart of University City, the decor is authentic Mexican - yes the owners are Mexican themselves.  Food was fantastic; we ordered from the $25 Prix Fixe menu which gave us our choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert.  Crab and shrimp empanadas melted in your mouth, and the service was attentive and super friendly.  My fiance and I aren't big drinkers, but I've heard great things about their margaritas!Good food, very fresh-- had the nopal salad and carnitas tacos. It was understaffed when we went Thursday night.It's regular date-night cost... under 22 dollars for an entree, under 11 for an appetizer. 6-8ish for drinks? 6 for dessert.
All our food was very good. I got a soup, but it was 9 dollars I think- ouch. Not the best soup, I guess. but the pumpkin empanadas app was AWESOME, about the size of two perogies for 9 dollars... but yummy.
Entrees are a pretty appropriate meal size. Lots of seasoning in all their food.
We also got a flan which was a little different than regular flan--- they tell you the syrup is bittersweet. More bitter than sweet. It is a genuine burnt taste of caramel sauce. Not my fave.
We also tried their Vampira beverage... a bizarre take on the tequila bloody mary that we decided was good. It tastes like they added worcester shire sauce or something... it reminds me of venison marinade. You might want to get one to share with someone to try it.
Service was sort of awkward. And it's cold in there in the wintertime, so of course they put you next to the window. Just ask to move, they understand. Asking for personal opinions helps the staff warm up to you, instead of seeming dissatisfied with their job. A bit slow, though.
The place is beautifully decorated with all hand-made decor  from mexico, including the tables, chairs, custom dishes, curtains, photographs.This place is consistently terrific.  You basically can't go wrong in whatever you order.  The service is friendly, the ambience is memorable thanks to the hand-carved furnishings.  Much to be preferred over Distrito--no pretentiousness here, just good, well-prepared food.Their is nothing authentic about the food at Zocalo. The burrito was lackluster and fell a part. I've had better food at Chipotle."The Cochinita Pibil is marinated and slow-cooked until it is wonderfully tender and full of flavor.  I get this every single time and will probably continue to do so.  The accompanying rice is nicely seasoned and fluffy, although I'm not a fan of the fried plantains.  The crab and shrimp empanadas are a nice diversion from the usual beef, pork, and chicken, and the guacamole is very fresh.  The service is very friendly and the sangria is great.  If you're a margarita person, they have pitchers of those, too.  The menu isn't very extensive but they do a good job on the dishes that are offered.  A nice place to grab some Mexican food and ritas.The decor is, as has been remarked, incredible, with hand-carved and -painted tables and chairs.  Service was excellent, although it was late on a Sunday and therefore not a good test of what service would be like when the restaurant is full.  My one complaint is that they could have used a little more of the Chinese restaurant water-glass ethic of constant refills.  The food was hardly spicy at all--if you like hot food, you should let them know and I assume they will make it hotter--but was incredibly flavorful and well-seasoned.  This is not your typical American Mexican place, and if that is what you are looking for you will be sorely disappointed.  It is, however, an upscale restaurant to compete with the best of Philadelphia, only at half the price or less.Went to this place about a year ago, so this review may not be a fair assessment  of it's current standing.
Anyway...
No complaints about the environment. It was definitely a cute little restaurant -converted from a house, it has indoor and outdoor seating with appealing decor (dont remember exactly what haha...but i remember thinking it was very tasteful).
The menu was typical of any mexican restaurant. We ordered drinks that were very small for the price tag. I don't know if the waitress was new, but she was pretty clueless about the menu items. We decided to keep it simple and order some traditional favorites. The queso fundido came out - tried and immensely disliked. It was basically spicy ground beef with cheese melted on top. We both got fajitas - both sub par. 
We got the bill and could not believe we were going to have to spend that amount of money for the meal we just had (like $90 for the both of us). Should have just gone to Lolita for that price....or Qdoba, which probably would have been more satisfying for 1/5th the price.Wow, what a disappointment. Very, very overpriced, the food was really boring and they couldn't get us out of there fast enough. The service consisted of someone coming over every couple of minutes and trying to take the plates away while you were still chewing.
I had the enchiladas which were pretty flavorless and tasted the shredded pork, which was better - but probably just because it was heavily salted. The flan was slightly bitter and the burnt tasting. The best thing about this place was the margaritas. Unless you're into giving money away for no good reason, go somewhere else.I think I would rather throw $20 in the Schuylkill and hope someone finds it than ever go back to this place. It really stinks.
The food was bland, the place was empty and it was overpriced. The location on the corner and the deck have a lot of potential, but instead it is just an empty and bland place. No personality. I think the neighborhood and block would benefit from a little life on the corner -- why not drop the prices a bit (like in half), make the place actually fun, and have some customers? Word on the street is that the owners are absentee and have a pile of cash and no interest in making their restaurant appealing. Otherwise, how does a place like this -- with no atmosphere or customers -- survive in a neighborhood full of college kids?I went here for dinner :
a) since it is relatively close to my apartment.
b) i was craving mexican food
c) I'm always down to try a new restaurant
Anyways, the atmosphere was great, its rare to find a place with enough outdoor seating that is spacious enough so you aren't bumping into the people seating directly behind you.  The dishes were not bad, quite tasty, but what else is there to expect from mexican food?  Duly note that the prices are a bit on the higher end.
After dinner however, my stomach did not feel so good.  But, I think that's just how my handles mexican food... Just be wary.Have been here a few times, both for snacks/drinks at the bar and for a sit down meal. I've enjoyed both experiences. I really like University City and am always happy to find another worthwhile eatery in an ever evolving section of the city. The interior is very homey and relaxing. I've been treated very well by the bartender and when we ate at a table the service was good as well, even with my 2 year old along. As far as the food goes, the guacamole is very tasty, the salsa fresh and spicy and I love the thin tortilla chips. They're well worth the couple extra dollars. Main dishes are good too. There's more authentic Mexican dishes as well as some of the regular Americanized classics. All were very good. The sides (rice and/or beans) were a touch on the bland side. I wouldn't consider the prices to be cheap, but they're not outrageous. It's been empty every time I've been which I hope is not a sign of things to come. I'm looking forward to my next visit.Went there with a large group of people from work for lunch. Really nice decor, decent bar area. I would like to come back for happy hour to see how it is.
Food was very good, although portions were so-so. A little over priced but I enjoyed the chicken quesadillas. Service was a bit slow but maybe it was because of our group size.
Overall, if you enjoy mexican I'm sure the lunch trucks can give you a good meal at a good price. If you want a nice setting give this place a try.service has always been great, food though for beening in a u-city neighborhood is over priced for small portions. also i can only sit so long listeing to mexican operaWe went to Zocalo a couple months ago because it's pretty much the only Mexican restaurant in the area.  We wished we hadn't, and we haven't been back since although we live just a few blocks away.
The sauce on our rellenos was an almost Italian-style red sauce.  You could've poured it over spaghetti, truth be told. The butterfly shrimp were exorbitantly priced, to say the least.  In short, the food was overpriced and hardly ought to be described as "Mexican."  The drinks were extremely expensive.
So why am I writing this review?  Because it's lamentable that there are so few decent restaurants in West Philly.  When will a good Mexican place finally move into the area?  It's really sad that there are two universities and long-standing neighborhoods here and cheesesteak, pizza, and hoagies dominate the dine-out market.
But maybe it's more reasonable for lunch...Went here for dinner on a Thursday night unplanned, was walking with a friend and we liked the menu. They have a cute area to sit outside. Zocalo has the best guacamole, it was fresh with chunks of avocado and just a hint of lime. I split the chicken burrito since the portion is huge, and we filled up on chips & guac! It was very tasty and not to spicy, the chicken was shredded and very tender. We both had frozen margaritas which were very refreshing and I couldn't taste the tequila which is fine with me, since I am not a huge fan of  the taste of tequila. Our waiter was nice, we were limited on time and he made sure we had our food quickly. It is very cool they use ipads to take your order and payment with a credit card. I will definitely be going back.The dinner started out well with great drinks - I had a white sangria with strawberries that was very good and my husband had a margarita with fresh lime juice.  But then our dinners came and I was shocked. The tilapia I ordered was $22 so I had high expectations for it. The fish was moist, but the portion was tiny. Filling up the plate was some plain, stir fried zucchini and a large heap of steam table white rice with peas and square carrot chunks - clearly from frozen. I couldn't believe the low quality of the food for the price i was paying. If I had been charged $8 for this food at diner I would have been satisfied. But not $22.Zocalo serves "high end" Mexican for what I considered to be outrageous prices.  It's not creative like Lolita and it's smaller portions for higher prices.  Why go here...ever?   Well, when you're trying to stay local to UCity and want to class it up one night you check it out.  
My crab empanadas were excellent.  Lightly fried and filled with a creamy crab concoction.  Paying like $6 for corn chips and an average tomatillo salsa was ridiculous.  
The decor was cute and the service was solid, if unspectacular.  I'd only return if someone else was paying.  Even then I'd try and talk them out of it.  Two stars for high prices, small portions, and making me pay for chips and dip.Decent food.  Lunch prices are reasonable, but a bit steep for evening fair.  Would definitely go there again at lunchtime.Every time I go, I'm disappointed by the poor service. Food is decent but overshadowed by the bad service. Portion are on the smaller side. I hope this place gets their act together. It'd be a shame if they went out of business.I really love Zocalo.  They have some of the best guacamole in town (that's not from my kitchen), and some really yummy deserts.
I try to only frequent this place in the summer since I think their dining room is a little cramped and I LOVE their patio, and the patio is perfect for a late afternoon cocktail.  
Zocalo can be a bit expensive, but mostly worth it.  I don't recommend the shrimp del diablo, because the amount of spice on them is literally from Beelzebub himself.
This place has enough awards and Zagat ratings to satisfy a mom, a date, or even a boss.We arrived around 5 on a Saturday, as we were with the kids. The hostess asked us if we had reservations which I thought rather strange as no one else was there and this place is huge. My guess is 8-9 groups of people showed up in the hour + we were there. The restaurant is dimly lit, which is strange. It's a Mexican place not an upscale Italian restaurant. 
Anyway, when the waiter informs you the margs are sour. Trust him, they suck and I like sour margs... these were undrinkable without a shot of Grand Marnier. 
The guac is pretty good, not too exciting with flavor and the house made salsa was... not good at all. 
I ordered the vegetarian enchilada (made with spinach) with the red sauce. The red sauce had no distinct flavor, it was just bad. The rice was okay but the beans were watery and tasteless. Just gross. Hubby had the shrimp special which he said had really no specific flavor and was not spicy at all. I got from the waiter that the chef isn't into spicy food as not much on the menu is. The kids had a quesadilla's made with corn tortillas which they enjoyed but it was just cxn and cheese. FYI, for you fellow Ceiiac's, the chicken is marinated in soy sauce. They happened to have a couple of pieces that hadn't been marinated yet, that's what the kids ate.
I left feeling like I should have just stayed home and ate leftovers.I was really hopeful for this place after reading their website, but as my motto states, I am still looking for good Mexican Food in the northeast.
The Margaritas were OK, nothing great, nothing terrible.  The star of the visit was probably the Guac, but the homemade salsa was disappointing.
My wife had the enchilada and was disappointed, not much flavor or spice.  I had a special, shrimp in chipotle sauce, which was also disappointing.  Bland, overpriced food.  Luckily we used a Restaurant.com certificate so we saved $25.
The waiter was very nice, but that does not make up for everything else.Oh my what an awkward place. I was waiting for the waiter to go "Listen, this isn't my real job, my real job is playing bass for a def leopard cover band". What I am trying to say here, is the service wasn't great. The food is WAY over price, and the quality and portions of our meal were just terrible. 
The place is also an eye sore. The restaurant looks like a middle age divorcee's idea of how to decorate her new apartment as "south western".
I didn't know you could mess up Mexican food.
I learned the true definition of  "Ignorance is bliss".When I read about this place, I was excited. Finally a potentially good Mexican place west of the Schuykill(I don't count Distrito since its more Mexican fusion/tapas).
I went here on a lazy Sunday night for a dinner break. The place looks really nice and the decorations are tasteful. It felt warm and comfortable. 
I ended up getting an order of empanadas and chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce. The empanadas came out first and were filled with  pumpkin blossoms, queso fresco, onion and jalapeno according to the menu. There were pumpkins blossoms, queso fresco and there was jalapeno. But there was enough jalapeno that it took over and prevented me from tasting much onion or the pumpkin blossoms. The empanada skin was nicely baked/fried and they put on enough but not too much crema.
The enchiladas came out next. For me, enchiladas and salsa are usually two dishes that can tell me whether a place is going to be good or not. Sadly, these enchiladas were pretty mediocre. I got three of them, and they were of pretty decent size/proportion. And there was a fair amount of chicken in them. But the tomatillo sauce was bland at best. It didn't taste like it was made from canned tomatillos, but it definitely hadn't been made in a while because there was no fresh tangy taste with plenty of garlic. It just kinda sat on the enchiladas. Also it was a bit watery for my taste. 
Service was pretty decent and both the waitress and the bartender were both friendly.
Its sad, this place had potential. But I felt gipped after paying 28 bucks for a mediocre meal that I could have gotten for half as much down on Washington Ave.This is my favorite restaurant in Powelton. Aside from the Thai place up the block, it may be the only restaurant without "pizza" in the title. 
I force my co-workers to take me here for my birthday lunch every year. I also try to get here at least every two months or so for lunch. It is not a bad deal, although when you add the three salsas app and a coke to your bill it comes out to about $15 a head. 
I have eaten a couple great meals here. If you like chicken, Pollo Santuario is a good choice. If you like steak, Arrachera is a flavorful dish. I like the empanadas, though its hardly a meal. Guacamole is a favorite as well. 
4 stars for being too expensive for dinner. Its like the exact same menu, but the portion isn't any larger and it is twice the price. What happened between 1pm and 7pm that warranted that?I noticed many people complaining about price and size of portions.
Try going here during UC Dining Days--Its a flat price ($30 I think) and you get TONS of food. The tortillas are handmade by a woman who is stationed right by the bar so you can watch her in action.  I arrived for my dinner early and had some nice drinks and conversation with a friendly bartender. The food is good for mexican. They have all your semi upscale mexican staples...enchiladas, skirt steak, shrimp, fried ice cream and margaritas. The roasted pumpkin seed dip is an interesting twist on salsa--try it!Above-average food, but below average drinks which was disappointing. Service was decent, but not stellar. Indoor and outdoor seating - would be a great place for a large party. I probably won't go back considering there are better drinks in Philly to be had.Went here for dinner and I've never heard of this place. I was surprised because it was really really good. I had a little sticker shock when seeing the prices for the entrees but after I had a few sips of my margarita, I was ready to order.
I ordered the flank steak and chorizo entree. It came with guacamole, rice, and refried beans. I was surprised how soon the food came out on a Saturday evening. 
The flank steak was very very good. Perfectly cooked and and tender I put it in a homecooked tortilla that was warmed with rice and the beans and gauc and it was heaven almost. I could have eaten that all night long.
The meal was very worth price and would go back here again. 
I would like to note that the Hispanic music sounded a lot like the Police except in Spanish.Found this restaurant on a lazy Sunday.  Surprisingly, the GF and I were the only patrons between 2 and 3pm.  I guess it was a really lazy Sunday...
For appetizers, we tried the pumpkin seed dip and guacamole.  While guacamole isn't quite as interesting (or original) as the pumpkin seed, both were amazing.
Everything on the menu sounded tasty, which will make it hard to choose.  Looks like the chef tries to fuse original recipes with local flare.  We decided on the flank steak - the spices were spot on and the portion was perfect.
If the prices were more reasonable ($45 lunch with tip) I would give this place 5 stars.  Regardless, it is a diamond in the rough.  A great restaurant tucked in a not-so-great part of the city.I tried this place out because my mom got me a Restaurant.com coupon (I think that's where it was from)
We ordered a few things, but the one that stood out to me was the hot lava bowl with cactus. DELICIOUS.
Who knew that those mean prickley looking things tasted so good! I highly recommend that dish if you're looking to try something exotic.As much as I hate to admit it, Zocalo isn't on par with most of the other Tex-Mex & Southwestern restaurants located in Philadelphia.  Even though it's a little worse off than other restaurants it still has a memorable decor, service, drinks, & specials.  Located in West Philadelphia, this is for any local looking for a quality Mexican dinner.Gordon Ramsay finished redoing the restaurant for Kitchen Nightmares earlier in the week, and we thought it would be a good opportunity to try some of his recipes, and to see what he did to the place.
As for decor, it doesn't feel much different than before. It is still a little shabby in places. Not horrible, but it doesn't look like it was just redone. The major change seems to be new paint on the walls and some murals, as well as few brightly colored crates in the bar area.
The food was easily some of the absolute worst food we've had anywhere. For a starter, we tried the crab and shrimp lettuce cups. While fresh, they were just bland. Mixing in the dollop of bean salad that was on the plate helped a bit (the bean salad may have been quite good, but with only about two tablespoons on the plate, it was hard to know for sure). Overall, the dish wasn't bad, but it was very disappointing. No excitement, no wow flavor, just bland crab meat and even blander shrimp. Not taking the bean salad into account, the three leaves of lettuce were actually the star of the dish.
We also tried the chicken mole. The chicken was overcooked, tough, chewy and rubbery, depending on which piece you happen to be able to cut off and taste. What little mole sauce had no hint of chocolate, chipotle, or any good flavor at all. It was thin, sparsely applied, and only had the slightest hint of any flavor. The side of rice with mixed vegetables was a sad combination of plain white rice with some canned corn and bits of other canned vegetables thrown in. The 90 second microwave rice you can buy in a pouch is light years better.
The diet sodas with lemon we ordered arrived quickly, but the lemon never did, nor did the carbonation in the sodas.
The owner came over and asked us how the meal was. We told her it wasn't very good. She was pleasant, and told us about other Mexican restaurants that she likes. She talked to us for quite some time. So long, that our horrible food was getting cold. She made no attempt to remedy the situation. She did, however, send her husband (the chef) over. He, too, was pleasant, and couldn't stop talking. We told him that we were not pleased with the food, and he, too, made no attempt to remedy the situation. We were so disgusted with the food and the owners that we decided to not order desert, and get the heck out of there before the evening was ruined further.
Paying the bill was an exercise in annoyance. the new wireless devices used to order the food are also used to pay the bill. This boils down to the bill being paperless, which means the waitperson stands there, device in hand, while you attempt to review the bill. You then add the tip, pressing the 15%, 18%, or 20% button. All while the waitperson is standing there, device in hand. This provides you with no opportunity to review the bill, reflect on the service, and decide how much to tip. I tipped 20%, or at least tried to. I was able to get a paper copy of the receipt, and saw no tip on it. I don't know what it was a paper copy of exactly (our order? the entire bill? I couldn't tell, so I'll find out when I get my credit card bill.) I hope the waitress got her tip, but I wasn't going to tip twice.
To summarize, on a scale of 1 to 5, I would give the place a zero, but 1 is the lowest number I can assign.Everyone seems to love to dump on Zocalo, so we went to check out how bad it was post-Kitchen Nightmares. No matter what happened, we knew that the ($3.75) margaritas would save the night.
We went the day after hurricane Sandy, so it was quiet.
Not amazing food, but it was solid. Reasonable  value - 3 margaritas, two large entrees and an order chips and salsa (with chip refills) came to $40. The margaritas were a bit weak, but they were cheap. No major complaints.Lousy so call Mexican restaurant.
Ok so here is my background: Latin, hospitality manager graduate, worked in the restaurant industry most of my life, currently a food buyer for a major national company and as a second job I'm a flight attendant for an international carrier. If all of the above doesn't entitle me to make a restaurant review then I don't know what does.
We went to Zocalo's last Saturday to celebrate a friend's birthday. I should have known better when we came (3 of us) to the restaurant and we were the only ones there! Ok so we get seated and the drink order is taken. The waiter brought some chips without salsa. We asked for it and she said there was a charge for salsa. Charged for salsa????  When have I ever been charged for salsa in a Mexican restaurant...? NEVER!  We should have left at that moment but it was really cold out and I didn't want to make a scene with my friends.  My margarita arrived and to my surprise the glass was 1/2 full, I asked the waiter about this and she said that is how they served them..... Uhmmm 2nd warning! Our meal arrived, nothing special to mentioned, no specific taste or smells. It could have been heated up from a 10 lb bag and it would have tasted the same. We order some hot salsa to see if we could bring the taste a bit more authentic and to our surprise (or maybe not at this point) we were presented with a bottle of Tabasco sauce..... Please, do not insult my senses this way. Even if it is bottle sauce, please put it in another container. This is not Taco Bell; we are paying $27.00 for each dish.
My question is to the owner and manager: do you really care if you go out of business? Besides our table there was one more table with a party of 8 people. The count for a Saturday night: 11 people. No wonder. Please save your money and go ANYWHERE else. This place doesn't have atmosphere, good food, good drinks, or anything.My two visits in the last two weeks were very disappointing.  Regrettably, I cannot justify a third. 
Here's a summary:
Visit #1: There are three empanadas on the menu. They were out of two. The service was incredibly slow and the waiter seemed ill-prepared to manage the tables assigned.  Nonetheless, I decided I'd give Zocalo another chance.
Visit #2: Things started off poorly. I ordered tamales. They were out.  Then the entree order for one person in our party was lost. Apparently the new iPad based ordering system is still buggy; or, possibly, this was the first of two user errors made by the server.  Our group waited about 15 minutes, hoping the wayward quesadillas would arrive, but then started eating b/c our dishes were getting cold. The food was actually pretty good; but we were all halfway through our meals when the plate arrived.  Mistakes are understandable, but there was no update by the server during this time; and apparently the server didn't think it was much of a big deal, because I had to ask for it to be comped.  Finally, the iPad based credit card scanner decided that the server deserved an automatic 20% tip. The server couldn't/wouldn't reset the device.  I could've insisted it be resolved but was just so frustrated I just signed the screen and was happy to leave. 
I'm not sure what happened to Zocalo. It used to be a reliably good, if not excellent, place to eat and drink. No longer.You would think that a Gordon Ramsay Kitchen Nightmares visit would make a restaurant better.  You really would.  Unfortunately, it seems that Zocalo may be on the same path to closure as the other Ramsay redone-dive in Philadelphia, Hot Potato.  At this rate, I'm really hoping that Chiarella's doesn't suffer the same fate as well.
Regardless of the Ramsay element, Zocalo's problem used to be (and still is) the same.  As long as stubborn owners like Mary (and to a milder degree, Greg) rule the ship with an iron fist, you're not going to experience much progress, and this certainly still shows up in the restaurant.
Aesthetically, sure, Zocalo has gone miles ahead of where it used to be, and the iPad POS system definitely adds the "cool" factor to the dig.  Nevertheless, the food still remains sub-par, with certain items borderline disgusting, certainly ruining the experience.  
The servers, however, definitely have a more positive vibe amongst them, and while I question the need for 12+ servers (that's how many I counted, at least) in such a small place, I think that they are the only positive element to this place.
Long story short, swing by if you're interested in experiencing the ambiance of a Ramsay makeover, but don't hold it to any of his other standards.  One-time visit, if even that much, and definitely not worth the money.I was here for dinner with a group (someone else chose the place) and it's edible.
I wasn't sure what would be good there and the waiter recommended the Grilled Filet, so I went with it.  Steak was tough.  Not good.  Sauce was all right.  I'm a little confused why she'd recommend something so clearly not good, but maybe that's the best they can do?
I wouldn't choose to go back if I had to pay full price.  Or if I had a choice.Went to Zocalo last night with some friends and was seated immediately then told after we ordered drinks that they were out of Guacamole and the kitchen was closing in 15 minutes...should have left then but we already ordered drinks.  Food was ok, drinks were watered down.  Service was not so great...as if the waitress wanted to get home.  We sat outside and unfortunately at the end of our meal, we saw several cockroaches crawling around the feet of our table.  On top of all this, my friend was up all night getting sick.  This was truly a bad exerience and although I try to think everyone deserves a second chance- heck, we all have bad nights...I simply cannot bring myself back to this place for another go.Even after hearing all the bad reviews from my friends at work, my wife and I decided to stop in.  We had gone to Mad4Mex but it was way to crowded. We noticed upon our arrival that Zocalo is a little pricey.  Having been craving tex-mex we ventured in anyway.  When we went inside no one was there to meet us. We waited for a while in the bar area but no one showed up for a couple of minutes.  The waitress showed us outside into the outdoor seating area.  I ordered a margarita and my wife ordered a water. I love margaritas, but this one had so much lime in it that it was nearly undrinkable. It was so sour that I forced myself to drink it. 
We asked if the meal came with chips and salsa or anything, but were told that you had to pay for it....which is fine with us....It's just not typical for a restaurant that has such expensive entrees.  We ordered the guacamole which was listed as coming with chips and salsa. When it arrived the guacamole was topped with a tablespoon of pico de gallo, but that was the extent of the salsa. The amount of chips were meager for the size of the guacamole, which was presented in a really cool pestle.  We then ordered a separate order of salsa to get our fix.  The guacamole was decent, not the best I have ever had, but not the worst either. The salsa was thin, but good.  We were not given extra chips with our salsa, but instead were supposed to use the ones that already came with the guacamole.  As a result, we had to wait 15 minutes for another basked of chips when the first ran out.  The waitstaff was VERY slow. There appeared to only be 2 waitress on staff and they were also serving as hostess, bartenders and the cleaning crew.  The 15 minutes we waited for the chips, our waitress was inside cleaning dust off of tables. 
We each ordered a salad. Mine was a spicy Caesar salad and my wife's had cooked mushrooms and onions. Both of our salads were decent, but nothing spectacular. 
All-in-all. The food here wasn't great and it wasn't bad. Every step of the way (side of dressing, extra chips, happy-hour only at the bar...which had no bartender, etc...) we felt nickled and dimed. The place didn't have very many people and almost no atmosphere. The waitstaff was slow as %^&*, because they were either cleaning, chatting or trying to do 3 jobs at once. 
I wont be back to Zocalo, which is a shame because it is so close to my work.  The food, drink....and more importantly the waitstaff and prices are better elsewhere.I am giving zocalo three stars for two reasons: 1) they had this awesome pumpkin seed dip on special, and 2) awesome margaritas with fresh fruit options that were really good.  Besides that, there are too many awesome mexican places in philly for zocalo to compete with them.  I would go back if it were during their happy hour except that it is only until 6:30 :( 
They have a parking lot which is very convenient if you are coming from outside of univ city.
They are $25 on uc dining days. It would have been smarter for them to do the $15 option to get people in the door and then they order margaritas and up the bill.  There is a reason why this restaurant was on that restaurant show on tv.