Eating well in New Orleans is easy; eating well in New Orleans as a vegetarian is hard.
This bar/restaurant is located in a hip, slightly off the beaten path and highlights the veggie food while having a bunch of meaty things for the carnivores.  BBQ tofu sandwich was excellent and much needed to keep the walking energy on a hot New Orleans summer day.  Looking forward to a return visit.Fun fact: 13 is open during the wee hours of Frenchmen St drinking and they have vegetarian treats.
I've been into 13 a number of times and their service is always a little more on the lax side. While that doesn't get to me, necessarily, I generally hope it's compensated with a bomb sandwich. They offer a number of vegetarian and vegan sandwiches yet I've tried many of them and they're nothing more than what's expected. With minimal veggies on decent bread, each one has been OK and a nice treat if intoxicated but I wouldn't suggest 13 for your typical dinner hunt.I like this place. It's right in the quarter with good vegetarian food, frozen Irish coffee and friendly staff. Service was a little slow, but really not a bad little spot!The place to go late at night when you need some vegetarian snacks, loved the tater tot nachos (tatchos)!This is the only bar I've been to on Frenchmen street that hates it when really drunk "woo!" people (tourist) drink here. Every time someone does a "wooooo!" or screams "New Orleansssssss!" the bar tenders physically get really tense and their body language screams, "please leave this establishment." It's really interesting to observe as a third party. 
It doesn't matter because their tater tachos are funking amazing and it keeps my mouth filled so I can't scream "wooooooo! Taaaaaaaaaater taaaaaaachos!" Of all the tasty, salty treats you can combine, tater tots and nachos is simple and amazing! 
Come on in if you're looking for a peaceful place out of the chaos that can be Frenchmen Street. Also come when you are looking for a late night snack and the taco truck has a line.3.5 stars. It's a bar with a few tables the back. They have some good looking vegan and vegetarian options on the menu, along with some other stuff. I had a barbecue tofu sandwich, which I enjoyed but did not change the course of my life.  Decent vibe and, on the whole, welcoming.Late night of Blues left us hungry for some good food. 13 came through for us again. I had the roast beef debris po boy. It was excellent. Not a traditional New Orleans one, but very good on its own terms. Both the beef and the generous gravy were full of flavor. My wife had the spicy tofu wrap and it too was very good. Zingy but not too spicy. Great texture on the tofu strips.LATE NIGHT HEALTHY GOODNESS!!!!!!  We feel we stumbled on some of the only hipsters in NOLA... and it was delightful.  You feel you are in this hiply decorated warm & welcoming bar, but instead of the crap most places serve late night... these guys are serving up healthy options with a ton of flavor.
The roasted veggies and goat cheese were my JAM!!!! We'd also recommend starting with the Tator Tachos... they don't feel super greasy... and they have the savory black beans underneath, fresh, made to order, without the heaviness of normal "tots".
The quesadillas are LEGIT!!!!!! The veggie special was out of this world! I really really really wanted to try the Veggie Philly... with portabello mushrooms instead of steak.... but sadly we were unable to make it back. Someone try it FOR me!
You won't be disappointed. This neighborhood is also super cute, so you could do a stroll around the block checking out the one of kind bookshops and beautiful architecture. Make an afternoon OR a late night of it.  We were there on Christmas 
Eve, so we enjoyed all of the lights as we walked.Great late night food. The Tachos are delicious. Great options. They only place on all of Frenchmen St. My husband had the red beans and rice which he said were awesome. Will definitely be back to try more. The service was pretty decent, nothing above and beyond. 
Side note- They are sell cigarettes, only place on Frenchmen that does.Service was slow even though we were sitting at the bar. I had the breakfast sandwich and my buddy had the burrito. That being said, it is open late!We heard this place had vegan/vegetarian friendly options, so we ventured to Frenchman Street for late-night snacks. It was completely empty when we arrived, so we sat in the back and ordered some beer, a side of the tator tots, a grilled cheese sandwich, and the tofu mushroom philly. The place was dead, but they were so slow to bring out the drinks and food. The service was average, not unfriendly, but not exactly welcoming either. The tator tots were the highlight of the place and nothing else is really worth coming back for.I was in New Orleans during Christmas (way better than the hell I experienced in July)  and was so excited to find out I had plenty of vegan options.  13 Monaghan was fantastic - the black bean burger was delicious as well as their breakfast burrito with tofu.  Portions were huge! I completely forgot about the tachos I read about (maybe next time)!  It was so quiet in there the few times we went (but the whole city was eerily quiet).  Staff was super friendly - definitely recommend to anyone looking for some delicious vegan options.  (Bonus - away from the tourist traps).I stopped at 13 Monaghan twice during a four-day trip as it was right near my hotel.  Both times, the service was S L O W.  The first visit was for food. The music was WAY too loud. We ordered the Tachos, a Tofu Reuben, and the Tofu Banh Mi, which were all delicious, but took forever to come out. Our server was nice but obviously had too many tables.  
The second visit was just for a cocktail before I left town. I sat at the bar near another customer.  We were both ignored for ten whole minutes by a big dude who seemed to be doing inventory.  When I asked if he could take our orders, he barely looked at me and said, "I'm not the bartender" and went right back to what he was doing behind the bar.  I will never understand how people who are rude to customers keep their jobs in the service industry.  Based on the other reviews, it seems like poor customer service is an ongoing problem at 13 Monaghan.  I was about to walk out when another guy came over and apologized for the wait.  He was friendly and funny.  I ordered a Southpaw, which is one of three specialty cocktails on the menu. He had no idea what I was talking about and could not find a menu anywhere.  I pulled up the menu on my phone and showed it to him, but he still had no clue. As time was wasting, I asked for a tequila drink instead.  I twice specified that I wanted silver tequila, but he poured gold.  I drank it anyway.  Meanwhile, the other patron and I had struck up a conversation, which is what kept me at 13 Monaghan that afternoon.This is Vegan/Vegetarian food for drunk people.  meaning there was an awful lot of bacon and cheese for a supposedly Vegan joint. haha.
I had the BLT with goat cheese, shared a plate of Tater Tachos (tater tot nachos that were recommended to me by every door guy on Frenchman St).  BLT was super.  Tater Tachos were overrated and not something I'd eat sober.  
Staff was fun.  They did some cute dancing while cooking.  I can always appreciate that!  
Decent food. Fun staff. Open late.  A-okay in my book.Huge fan! Frozen irish coffee is too damn good. Dangerously good!
I have to have them add an extra shot of Jameson to make it less palatable. Otherwise, I'd drink a million. 
Roasted veggies with goat cheese is my absolute favorite but I've never had anything that wasn't super yummy when I branched out from my 'go to'. Yesterday, I had the spinach portabella pizza - delicious and crispy. Something magical with the cheese too... can't put my finger on it.
The tachos (nacho toppings on tater tots) are yummy especially late night and with a belly full of beer. 
Lots of vegetarian options. No smoking. Great menu both bar side and kitchen side.
Bartenders can be a bit surly but then again it wouldn't be a Monaghan joint without 'em.13 is an awesome spot on Frenchmen close to Esplanade.  The Tachos are my go to drunk food in the quarter. I would say 90% of the time that we go to the quarter, we end up at 13 eating Tachos.  Also, the goat cheese pizza is delicious although their boudin is nothing special. Most of the staff is pretty nice, but there are a few snooty hipsters that aren't the greatest waiters or bartenders.  There is a good beer selection and a jukebox.  Since this place is related to Molly's, they also serve the delicious frozen Irish coffees. The only real drawback is the time that it takes to get your food.  If it's a Friday or Saturday night, be prepared to wait a while.  However, the Tachos are worth it every time.The food was delicious and the margaritas were the best.  I have to give a shout out to Madelyne ( hope it spelled it right).  She took orders for everyone with a bus boy and the food came out right and on time.  She is amazing, nice and a great server.  Thanks girl !!!This place is open late. With selections very limited at 3am, I opted for this over pizza. The menu sounded good and I couldn't decide so I asked the cook what was good. He dryly replied, "everything". So I ordered a tuna melt and it came quickly as they weren't busy. It was bland and flavorless. Definitely not included in "everything" I guess. Long story short, choose the pizza.Overrated. Got the Mushroom Philly & Tachos and they were bad. We ordered from here on Uber Eats. I figure the uber drive was responsible for the cold, soggy, potatoes & hardended cheese, but my review isn't about those aspects. Plus restaurants should have proper "to go" packaging. Philly was ok, tachos were horrible, and the side salad was the best thing we got! Food prep took way long too! They get 2 stars for effort & because i don't like to leave 1 star reviews.This place is awesome! The food is amazing, drinks are delicious, and the service is fun! We had a great time! You MUST go! Us Tampa girls love it!The place is right on Frenchmen street which is good and easily accessible. I had a original Tatar tots and mushroom  Philly sandwich. The food was greasy and presented in an extremely unappetizing manner. The place was neither the cleanest or nor the best looking. I would not recommend getting a meal here but maybe decent for a 3am after drinking go to place.I completely misjudged this place at first glance at their menu and almost wanted to leave because I was in a low blood sugar sleep dep tizzy. So glad we stayed. The pork boudin is proper. The grilled veggies with goat cheese and pita, had my boyfriend, who hates two of those three things going bananas. Pizza was decent too, they use a bit of oregano on it, which I find a nice touch. The service is prompt and extremely friendly- it's really nice to see hip dudes with mustaches behaving like total sweethearts. We felt very welcome.  Bonus points for them bringing us water without asking. We actually went two nights in a row- it's kind of the perfect grab a quick bite and keep rolling spot and I had no problem giving my money to an establishment with such kind staff/yummy simple food.This is an inexpensive little dinner in New Orleans' hipster enclave (Marigny).  If you are staying near the convention center or French Quarter, this is very walkable.
The night we went, they were out of black beans.  Considering this was a crucial ingredient in a number of their dishes, I was a bit surprised.  
We started with a round of a regional IPA that was pretty tasty (not Abita, NOLA, or Dixie, but I can't remember what it was) and black-beanless Tater Tachos.  I love that tater tots are making it out of the elementary school cafeteria and onto menus.  Who needs French fries and potato chips when you have tater tots?  My husband and I then split the TBP and Ham&Swiss sandwiches.  (I had wanted the homemade black bean burger, but was unable to order it as they are out of everything black bean.)  They were pretty tasty, but a bit too salty and hard to eat.  Also, they were out of swiss, so we had to choose a different cheese, and out of sourodough, so we had to choose a different bread.  Do you notice a theme here?
Our friend had the BBQ tofu sandwich, which he said was quite excellent.Veggie friendly, Tachos were great. I wasn't a big fan of the BBQ Tofu, but loved the place otherwise.My boyfriend and I are just becoming Vegetarians. This was our first vegetarian experience. We had the BBQ Tofu Po-Boy which was pretty good. We had the Tachos with shredded cheese, jalapeno peppers, and vegan chili with black beans which was better than Sonic's. And we also had the Sesame Chicken Salad which was a bit bland to me but my boyfriend found it to be pretty good. I am a very picky eater. I would have never thought I would be eating this kind of food but this was the best experience. I would recommend this place to anyone who has decided to become a vegetarian. I am looking forward to visiting this place again and to try something else.The BLT is something I crave and service is better now! That BLT has the pesto goat cheese and is unlike any other BLT I've had. They use to have this delicious cranberry mayo that they out on other sandwiches about a year ago. I miss that.The food took forever.  The chef looked lost. The waiter took forever to bring our card back to sign. But the food was pretty good.  .I am happy we found this place with the help of Yelp!! 
We ordered the tater tachos and a couple of sandwiches. I can't even remember the sandwich I had!! OH I had the grilled cheese with tomato... I think it was good! 
The star were the tater tachos in my opinion. I thought it was a clever combination that works well. I actually think I prefer tater tachos over regular nachos.. SO GOOD. I will be making them at home now for years to come.
I'd suggest paying this place a visit when on Frenchman street.I read some great reviews and was really excited, but I was quite disappointed.
My situation was not really normal, though, so I might give it another chance, if I'm back in the neighborhood. But probably not.
I was traveling alone, it was late and I was tired, so I just ordered take-out. I ordered the BBQ tofu po' boy, based partly on the reviews here (e.g., "Absolutely incredible").
For me, it was really underwhelming. It seemed like it was just tofu, straight out of a carton, drenched in bbq sauce, maybe also straight out of a carton, served on bread with the basic po' boy toppings. I was really hoping / expecting some kind of creative spicing or cooking! But it barely seemed warmed up, and I think it would have been much less "goopy" if the tofu had been firmer. Maybe breaded and fried.
Also, the guy on the phone who took my order seemed pretty brusque and not courteous.
But since i only got take-out, I can't comment on the atmosphere, decor, service, or whatever else.There's nothing especially special about this place, which is exactly what's so great about it. There are no servers, so you place your orders with the bartender and the food is delivered by the people who cooked it. There's something comforting in that, when the cook is willing to look you in the eye and say, "Here, I made this for you." Anyway, they have a great goat cheese-basil-BLT, yummy chips (which I recommend coating in Crystal hot sauce), and the boudin was yummy. 
Side note: someone should take whatever seasoning it is they use to make boudin and bottle it up and sell it, and make potato chips flavored with it, and sprinkle it on everything that's ever been in a fryer. Like Old Bay in the mid-Atlantic. Seriously, it's so good.
Back to the story: I was not a fan of the two New Orleans beers on draft (that blonde ale tasted slick, almost like oil), but that's not 13's fault. The bartender was nice, they had Godfather 2 on the TV, and the food was good. What more could you want for a quick post- or pre-drinking dinner? Plus, they serve free shots for every Saints touchdown.Why I gave it 5 stars...
It was Tuesday afternoon. My girlfriend and I needed a place for a late lunch, around 3pm, we were both recovering from the night before. The food was good, decent, homemade food. Living in new Orleans that's what one expects when we go out to eat.
The service on the other hand... WOW!!! As a local when going to casual places in the French Quarter and especially on Frenchmen Street more often than not you will get a bartender or server who is jaded, rude, snarky, and just a miserable person. Not at 13 Monaghan! The bartender and the cook were great! It wasn't from impeccable service, or a fine dining atmosphere. No, none of that. What made these guys stellar was their friendly, approachable, pleasant demeanor. 
I will go back to 13 again, and again, and again. Good food AND friendly staff? Yes I'll be back!Late late night dinner on a Friday night. They gave me and a friend the wrong sandwich, but we were drunk and hungry so we didn't mind. We were grateful that we could find something to eat that late without it being dreadful street meat.I have been so excited to try 13 Monaghan for months. Multiple tofu sandwich options at one restaurant, how could it not be amazing. Also, tachos!!!! (tater tot nachos) Incredible. I could eat them every day. 
Sometimes I even make them with eggs or tofu scramble on top.
Before even arriving I completely believed that I would love love love 13 Monaghan. It is set in the french quarter (almost marigny) and parking here is impossible. Literally, we drove around and around for thirty minutes before finally finding a tiny spot to sneak into and then walked a few blocks. The boy was a little put off by that, but, my spirt was not broken! I was still mega excited. 
We walked in and were ignored by all the wait staff. So after standing there awkwardly we just sat ourselves and waited. I guess I just like ot be acknowledged if multiple waiters are standing around. 
There are 4 tall tables and 4 regular tables- there is also a bar area you can eat at. 
I knew what we would order before we even arrived. Tacho appetizer. Bbq tofu po'boy and the spinach and portobello pizza. The tachos were amazing. I make tachos at home but 13 Monaghan had a good mix of ingredients and a great salsa. So good. The pizza was tasty. The crust was thin and crunchy while still being a tiny bit chewy- unlike anything i've had before. The spinach was layered underneath a mound of mozzarella (mmm) and portobello slices were laid on top. We enjoyed it. The sandwich had the best po'boy bread that i've ever had in the city. The tofu was good- warmed in bbq sauce, not fried any not baked, just kind of warmed. Oh and NOLA beer was on tap- $4.50. There was way too much food so we ended up bringing more than half of it home- too bad the boy left it in the car overnight (eww)!
All in all I enjoyed the food. I love that this place has veg options that are really tasty. 
Things I didn't like:
* the location- i probably won't return very often because it's impossible to park here,
* while the food was good, it was not any better than I normally make at home,
* the prices were not great. Two beers, a sandwich, a personal size pizza, and one appetizer to split cost us $40. Meh, I probably wouldn't pay that again. 
* my side of chips was just the broken pieces from the bottom of the bag- they should've just said they were out of chips because that really put me off. 
Has a jukebox and three gaming systems.
Attire is very casual.
Takes multiple forms of payment including credit cards.Great food but the slow and uninterested bartenders taking food and drink orders make it hardly worth your while.I ordered for 13 Bar food from Grubhub.  The restaurant was electronically delivered the correct menu item but did not pay close enough attention.  They gave me a REAL BEEF Reuben sandwich instead of a TOFU Reuben, which is kind of a big deal to a vegetarian.  The guy at 13 Bar, after admitting it was his mistake, wanted me to drive over (I'm in town on business) and swap out the sandwich.  Grubhub wanted to refund only the sandwich and have me pay ANOTHER delivery fee if I wanted the right sandwich.  The whole experience was a frustrating and expensive waste of time.When I'm in the mood for quick & kinda healthy, I always stop at 13. The bartenders are always super nice. My favorite is the Asian chicken salad! But when you've had a few cocktails, I have one word: TACHOS!Good food and fun atmosphere! Great for late night eats. Easy to get a table and menu for vegans, vegetarians and omnivores.My favorite veggie sandwich place in the city! The "Baked Tofu and Herb" sandwich is amazing. The BBQ tofu sandwich/po-boy is also awesome too. They usually have some great specials and don't forget to get tots with your meal! The atmosphere is nothing special but the food more than makes up for it. Nice Frenchmen Street location as well and service is always good.Okay so I yelped this place looking for some vegetarian options. According to Yelp, " Vegetarians go crazy for this place," I don't see how because the vegetarian options are sparse. So first of all, I did not appreciate my super warm beer. Beer should never be served warm. Second, I did not appreciate waiting about 35 minutes for a order of "Tatchos" (tator tots with melted cheese and scallions). The Tatchos were just ok. Cheese wasn't fully melted and it was served in a paper bowl and the very little amount of cheese that was fully melted stuck to the paper bowl, which was also not appreciated. I also did not appreciate the bartender stacking up dirty beer glasses right in front of me. However I DID appreciate the frozen Irish coffee, it was superb. The Irish coffee gets them 2 stars. Would not go back.-A bar off the beaten path.  
-Open into the wee hours.  
-Healthy or greasy, they've got both.  
-Serves breakfast all day long.  
I think I'm in love.
*Frozen Irish coffee? Yes, please!  If you're looking for a good frozen Irish coffee in New Orleans, have no fear, stop in here.  Thick and frosty, with careful attention to a swirl of ground espresso on top...or maybe I was special, because (not to brag) my picture looks awesome in comparison to others...eh, but most likely theirs looked the same at first.  I'm guessing they just couldn't fight the urge get on in there and sip up perfection before snapping a pic.  I understand.
*Roasted Veggies and Goat Cheese ($10).  Yum.  For this appetizer, I thought the two ingredients would of been whipped up together, similar to dip of some sort, but it wasn't.  It was simply as stated: roasted veggies and goat cheese.  I know, crazy, right?  Fluffy triangles of pita bread, waiting to be assembled, lined one side of the plate.  The flavorful roasted vegetables (olives, onions, peppers, mushrooms, squash, and tomatoes) lined the other half.  A generous portion (about the size of ones palm) of goat cheese was slapped in the middle of the two.
They've got the right prices at 13 Monaghan and the portions are large enough to share.  The sandwiches ($5.50-$10.50) and breakfast burrito ($8.50) are all huge!  They have inexpensive options for sides.  For example, a side of tasty andouille sausage will run you about $2.  I dig it.
In addition to all the meaty choices, they also serve up a ton of vegetarian options.  Black Bean Veggie Burger.  Barbeque Tofu Sandwich.  Veggie Philly (substituted with portabella mushrooms).  Spinach Quesadilla.  And more!  Vegan mayo, too.
The food is great here.  The waitstaff, cooks, and bartenders are all laid back and personable.  So before checking out who's jazzing it up at Spotted Cat, stop in at 13 Monaghan and grab a bite to eat along with a frozen Irish coffee to go.Staff were really lovely. I say this because we came in, were seated, given waters and then didn't order anything and left.. and at that, they were still friendly and cool.
Nothing against the place but it is defined as vegetarian/vegan and it certainly has that covered IF you eat tofu.
So if you love tofu call a cab to the place I doubt you will I wrong, if not save the disappointment.
I would give 3 stars but the staff attitude wins.We came here for one reason only, and it was Tachos!  Unfortunately, since we were in town the week before Mardi Gras, they had a modified menu with only one type of tachos.  We were gonna get a couple orders to split, but we had to go with the classic only...  Now I'm not gonna say they weren't delicious-- and really pretty reasonably priced, but I wanted to try a weird kind too!!!  Oh well.I love this place. As a local that has been coming here for the past 6 years, I've always counted on 13 to have great late-night food. However, recently I've gone there and the service has been less than stellar (i.e. a bartender that cares more about flirting with every moderately attractive woman that sits at the bar, or being offered plasticware, when I can see clean silver in view). The food is always good, but damn man, I've been service industry for a while now. I know they can do better. Don't ruin one of my favorite late-night eat spots. Y'all can do better.Blonde was a bit judgey when we walked in with our drinks. Original and loaded tachos were great.  Crawfish sausage tasted and smelled like hot garbage.  Overall, average with a hint of pretentous hipster.Service: Meh
Food: We wanted to eat a late night snack. Since there aren't that many restaurants open we opted for 13 Monaghan. We ordered the TACHOS.  Sad to say that we finished ALL of it at 1am in the morning (we took it back to our hotel). If you aren't a jalapeno person, ask to put it on the side.
Time of day: 12:30am on a Tuesday morning, no wait, plenty of seating
5 stars for the TACHOSNOLA is kinda funny... everyone gains weight here-- except for vegetarians.  We starve.  Thanks to Yelp I found this bar and had my first non candy bar dining experience: a Po'Boy!  Awesome!  Loved the Caesar salad with homemade (and anchovy free) dressing.  In true Louisiana style, there was about 3x more salad dressing than lettuce.  Sinful.
My friends got about 15 pounds of meat each so everyone was happy.
Only drawbacks are that even though it wasn't busy, the service was kinda slow.  You're warned about that but it still sucks when you're starving.  And it's a bar, with a bar atmosphere but the food is definitely restaurant quality.  But I guess every place in this city feels either like a bar or like you're in your grandmother's house, covered in plastic and all.
Extra bonus is that Frenchmen street has a great vibe, artsy and funky but doesn't feel touristy.  Lots to gawk at.After a long Friday night with the Jazz Vipers on Frenchman Street, red blooded Americans need an order of Tater-Tots to take the edge off. 
Monaghan's 13 is pretty much your only option.  It's a happening little place that vaugly resembles and irish pub.  The food is the main draw and its not fantastic.  It's a fun place to grab a bite with friends on a late night.  They bake their tots so expect a wait, but it's worth it.
Snap Shot- Wait staff may have facial tatoos and/or staggering bod oder (in the good way).This place was great.
My friend and I dropped in after a long day of walking around the city. We had never heard of it or knew what to expect, but we were hungry and saw that it was vegetarian. It worked out perfectly.
The food was great, everything was reasonably priced, and the service was awesome. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone, vegetarian or not. 
It was certainly the best meal we had on our vacation.As usual the food was outstanding. Tachos were excellent but the Boudin was amazing. The Reubens the best with that corned beef made in shop. Don't pass the by on Frenchman.This place didn't do so well tonight. Yes, anything "tater" on the menu was yummy. But they bill themselves as a viable place for vegetarians to eat, yet they only had a couple options that were veggie. And no tofu or other veggie protein options (cheese is not really a viable protein source). Pulled pork tasted like it had been soaking in water for days. No flavor, no BBQ sauce (or any sauce), just watery chewy muck. Really awful. Apparently, the menu is limited because it's the weekend of the French Quarter Fest, but frankly, that's not an excuse. Service (which was also not great) and menu should be better during an event not subpar. Because tourists like myself are looking to Yelp to guide them to good places to eat, and now I'm disappointed and ruining their yelp ratings. Sorry...VEGAN REVIEW: Cool bar with restaurant seating in back. Good atmosphere. Food was okay- we had the Tofu BBQ & the Tofu Bahn Mi, both with Tots & vegan mayo. It was a little one-note in the flavour department, and both options were pretty much cubes of Tofu in french bread, relying on the condiments and other fillings for flavour. Quite functional and a fine snack as part of hanging out / bar hopping around Frenchmen St, but wouldn't seek it out.Service is not great, but I love love the sandwiches and food and the late hours. I'm really upset the got rid of that cranberry mayo spread. That was to die for.Really nice bar with off beat, great food and friendly staff. Get the tachos while you are hereThis place was so prefect for our last dinner.  I'm sad we didn't know of this street before our tour guide told us where the locals prefer (which is always better).  We did come to New Orleans for the Bourbon St experience and that got old super fast.  This place was more upbeat and our style.  I got the tot nachos (they had a different name obviously) but they were super yummy.  My husband got the debris Sandwich also so good!  Our server was great and we had an awesome time.  4 stars only because they had many beers but most are in cans (eww) but that's personal preference.Like Daniella F. I stumbled into this place after a night of drinking with a good friend on her last night in NOLA before moving back home to take care of her husband's parents. It was a bittersweet evening that we didn't want to end. So we stopped in to eat in the wee hours and I was fascinated that it was still serving food and how many people were in the restaurant eating! The menu had lots of healthy, veggie choices and it was EXCELLENT! Waitress was great too!Came here while looking for a place to watch the World Cup in a downpour. Looked inside, saw they had a TV with soccer on it, so we went in. Got a round of drinks and some tater tots. 
I tried the sriracha and chicken variety. Pretty good, although the chicken was a little bland and I thought there was too much cheese. The sriracha ranch dipping sauce was really good though. 
My main gripe with this place was the service. Our first waiter wasn't very at tentative, although the second one we had was much better. 
Overall, not a bad place, it's just that there's so many other bars that are better.Wow. Walk right in, set right down..... We'll take your order and then fill every take out and UBER eat order before serving you 1 1/2 hours later .  Perhaps it is not the fault of the 2 worn souls staffing this place at 1 am& instead is the fault of a tightwad who owns it. But waiting over an hour for 3 orders of tater tots is ridiculous- unless they were harvesting the potatoes and curing the bacon out back. Plan ahead and do not go here hungry - it makes for a humbling display of ones dark side....
We won't be back- that's for sure. So glad we were there in good company to ease the hunger pains .If you are vegetarian, get the tofu bahn mi!  SO DELICIOUS!  You won't regret it.  My boyfriend ate it one night and loved it.  We got two the next day to go.  I put mine in the fridge for a few hours and it was still good.  I highly recommend for to go orders and in house orders.  Service was very friendly.Love this place. I make a point of going a few times whenever I am in town. It is great for a vegan friendly hangover breakfast or a late night BBQ tofu poboy. Definitely check this place out.  Nicely removed from the tourist chaos too.VEGAN REVIEW:
13 was the first eatery after 7(ish) hours of driving from Atlanta to NOLA. It was a long day and we were looking forward to some good food. The restaurant was empty so we were able to pick a table close to the cook's station. 
I ordered the BBQ tofu sandwich ($11 + $1.25 for vegan mayo) and specified that I wanted it to be vegan. My brother and I also ordered "Tots for Two" as a side. The bartender/waiter said it was a better deal than just ordering a side of tots to go with your meal. Our food arrived about 15 minutes after ordering and I was ready to dig in. 
The sandwich had a great BBQ flavor which was complimented by the greens and vegan mayo. The bread was crunchy and overall made for a filling lunch. The tots were also good, but I wish we had more! The portion of tots felt small, especially if shared between 2 people.
As a vegan, I appreciated having options at this eatery, but I think my brother (carnivore) was not as pleased with his meal. His sandwich was sparsely filled. 
Overall, 13 was a fine place to stop at but I am not sure if $12.25 for a sandwich is the way to go.Came here with a group of five girlfriends. The place was cool and the food was good, but our server had a terrible attitude. It seemed like every time we asked or needed something we were bothering him. We waited for our food as we watched the kitchen people play on their phones not doing anything. Then our server failed to tell us when we were first ordering that we could not split our checks and when the bill came I was relieved to see 18% gratuity the menu had stated would be added for groups of 6 or more was not. I would come back for the tots, but definitely not expect much as far as service goes.Food took forever and was barely mediocre. We asked the waitress why the folks who came in after us got food first and she got an attitude. They also ran out of the vodka they used to make their signature drink... meh. Disappointed we walked so far for this.The balsamic veggie, herb cream cheese sandwich is TO DIE FOR! The best late night food in the best area of the city for live music. 
Win-win!Of course I'm going to mention TaterTachos. After a late night on Frenchmen I may forget the name of 13 Monaghan, but I never forget to say TaterTachos. Of course there is more than these yummy layered pieces of drunk food gold to 13, but I don't really care about their vegan/vegetarian options. Yay for you guys having these choices. They have the frozen Irish coffee of the rest of the Monaghan places as well as a full bar. Bottom line: great place to grab food after a long night of dancing on Frenchmen. TaterTachos.
And to close with a tale, I once saw Tim Robbins eating in here. I then saw Tim Robbins making out with some 20yr-old skank outside of here. I then said to Tim Robbins "Well, she's no Susan Sarandon." I was then told by my friend to shut up. I stand by my statement.Long story. 
I ordered a corned tofu reuben through Grubhub to be delivered. 45 minutes later, a corned *beef* reuben shows up. I don't eat meat, so I immediately called the driver who told me to call 13. I spoke with Martha, about whom the bulk of this review is written. 
Martha explained that she would refund my order but I'd have to reorder through Grubhub to have a driver sent, but that she'd throw in some tots to help make up for the wrong sandwich delivery. 
After doing this, I contacted Grubhub customer service to address the refund to my Apple Pay. Grubhub subsequently cancelled my second order. Martha called me to let me know this and to explain that Grubhub would not confirm if they were sending a driver or not. 
At this point, I decide to just drive to 13 to get the food because I'm starving and Martha's like "I'm so sorry, it's here for you if you want it, it's free, this is a total dumpster fire." As I'm pulling away from my home, Martha calls to say that she got a driver and the food was on its way. 
Martha, you're an MVP! Thank you so much. 13, please do something special for her because she went above and beyond to not only rectify the restaurant's initial mistake, but the subsequent mistakes from Grubhub.
And the sandwich and tots were delicious!Great place for late night eats!  Quick and affordable fun eats.  I had the pita pizza and my husband had ham and collard greens poboy.  The food comes out on paper plates, so don't come here expecting linens and fine china.  13 is listed as a vegetarian restaurant but they serve meat too, so don't shy away from this place because you think you won't get your meat on.  You certainly can.  They give you tofu options with almost every meal which is what makes it vegetarian friendly.We came here for dinner and had a less than grand experience. They were clearly under-staffed which led to slow service. The bartender was also the waiter and he was stretched thin and forgot to take our orders. (I felt pretty bad for him to be honest) When we did have our orders taken I requested no onions (adamantly) because I am actually slightly allergic. When the food came, the onions were in the food, and my friend got the wrong sandwich. The frozen Irish coffees we had were delicious though. I would go here for a drink, but would not go here to eat again.Thanks Yelpers for helping find another great eatery in a very non-vegetarian-friendly city!! 
This place was 'interesting' but I really appreciate the effort, the concept, the passion and the execution. The food was more a 3-stars, but overall they deserve one higher. The staff was helpful and happy and the menu was quite different and really gave vegetarians special treatment. 
We had the tachoes (you might want to request lite-on-cheese as ours was loaded with it!!), pita pizza, which was the best item, and the bean burger on po' boy bread, which was the most A-OK. 
But overall an enjoyable dine-out in NOLA, a city where nothing is made vegetarian otherwise!Great for vegetarians and meat eaters alike, or if you just want a magnificent mid-day mojito from bartender Lloyd. The juke box, as in the other Monaghan establishments, is fantastic, and the location can't be beat. Frenchmen Street is THE place for music and bar-hopping any day of the week in New Orleans. Try the grilled veggie sandwich and the tater tachos. Good choice for late-night dining or breakfast...or anytime!
***Update!** Lloyd no longer works here as of end of January '09, which is sad, but 13 is still a frequent stop for me and I enjoy eating or drinking here any time of the day.I was sadly underwhelmed by this place. All the great reviews, the cool vibe, the decor, the hip but not too hip hipsters inside...I was expecting some 4-star worthy eatin. But then the food came. *sad face* I was really looking forward to giving my mate his first lesson in American greasy late-night food, and, in particular, introducing him to the fabulousness that is the tater tot. Maybe it was just a bad night, but our tachos were a bit cold and not crispy or oily the way a real tater tot should be. No one is happy with a dry tater tot, ya know? We also ordered a pizza, which was on the "it'll do" side. At least the bathroom was relatively clean. If I were visiting NOLA again sometime, I might be willing to give this place another shot, just to see if it could live up to all of the other 4 and 5 star ratings from others. For now, it doesn't make the highlight list from my trip here.Really underwhelming, like that time your both not into it and you both leave out of boredom and disappointment.After being rudely if not cruelly refused service at Dat Dog down the street, because the blue haired women behind the bar refused to believe my friends dog was a service animal, even after she provided her proper identification and answered her extremely rude and personal questions about her condition. 
We came into 13 and where greeted with nothing but warm smiles and excellent service. The girl behind the bar was nothing, but understanding and didn't bombard my friend with inappropriate questions about her disability, like the woman at Dat Dog did. The service was fast and warm hearted and really helped my friend feel better about the embarrassing encounter at Dat Dog. 
The service here is how all establishments should treat their customers. five starsSurly servers and amazing drunk food in a "I spent all my money on hookers and blow" price range. Good craft beer selection. What more could you ask for.TACHOS!!!!!!
Talk about the best drunk/snack/anytime dish there is.  I have rated 13 with an extra star or two simply for the Tachos.  Tachos are Tater Tots topped with black beans, cheese, salsa, jalepenos, and sour cream.  We were in New Orleans for 4 days and we went to get the tachos twice!  We also went there for breakfast and it was great!  It is the perfect place for vegetarians to eat in New Orleans.  There are many options for all meals including late night food as Chad C. mentioned.
They also have a great juke box!Came for the tatchos and because apparently "vegetarians go nuts for this spot". Not sure what kind of vegetarians you attract but literally every item on their menu has meat. 
Draft beers were decent, but warm cups they serve them in were not. It also somehow took a solid 30-40 min for them to bring out my tots with some melted cheese on top. Nothing spectacular to say the least. Like are you cooking these tots one by one??
Would have given this place 2 stars but we had a delicious frozen Irish coffee before we left that definitely bumped it up a star.I had the best vegetarian po boy here.  I don't even like Mayo, but this one was a special of the day with cheese, giant portobello mushroom that was grilled to perfection, lettuce, tomato, mayo...all on a perfectly toasted bun.  
It may have been the most satisfying meal of our trip to NOLA.
The man had a really nice sandwich, filled with meats.  I think it was a ham and cheese?  Great portion, he loved it as well.
Nice on-tap selection.  Fun place to hang out.
Our bar tender even broke open her bottle of advil when my allergy/sinus headache started back up.  She was from Pennsylvania, if I recall correctly.  Very nice person!
Great experience!During our 4 month stay in New Orleans, this was our regular place. Being vegan and vegetarian it was the best option in the city, with several other places in the Marigny neighbourhood to wander into if we ever got bored (other veggie food, middle eastern, Japanese). We did not often get bored. 
Whether we got the BBQ Tofu po-boy, the breakfast burrito, scramble or pizza, we were happy. My only complaints is that the tofu scramble should be scrambled like eggs (my preference at least), not little hard squares, but it was good nonetheless. 
When we weren't hungry, we went to 13 Monaghan for drinks - good strong mixed ones and Guinness by the pint. 
On the weekends it's a great place to people watch, being close to the French Quarter (but not too close) there were plenty of kitsch locals mixed with bewildered tourists. It was never too busy to get a seat, though a couple times at the bar which was fine. No outdoor seating but the central streets of NOLA are not ones you want to sit and eat on anyway (wafty smells, nuff said). 
Overall our favorite place to eat and drink in New Orleans.
They also sport an awesome Jukebox hidden next to the front door. If you get a chance, fill it!Cold local brew. Delicious Boudin Banh Mi and cup of sausage rice soup for $6- BRILLIANT! Gracious service!Maybe it's because I ate at 13 on the heels of 3 straight days eating, smoking and drinking like a moron in New Orleans. Maybe it's because I'm from Canada and I'm a spoiled, self important brat when it comes to stupid stuff like "how best to eat cheese and gravy on fries" Maybe It's because I was dining with a vegan who's order was botched. Maybe it's becaue my service was slow and apathetic and the food was lousy. Whatever the case, my experience was disappointing. 
The restaurant was not busy and yet it still took over 30 useless minutes to prepare cheese and gravy on a basket of high school cafeteria tater tots that were singed to a crisp. It's rare that I don't love a snack like that, but I had to tag out at the half way point. It was rough. 
My girlfriend ordered the Vegan Ruben which for the record was not some annoying "vegan ordering off the menu" nonesense. It's an actual thing on the menu, which is why we went there. Upon her Vegan Ruben arriving, She was delighted to find how much the tofu looked, smelled and tasted like Corned Beef (it was). This situation was handeld well for the most part but it was disappointing. I'm not a vegan, I will never be a vegan but I happen to live my life with one. Seeing that person get shorted after making a point to seek out a vegan friendly spot in a city full of fried meat was a bummer.  
If you claim to be a vegan friendly fast food joint don't let customers down with slow service, inedible drunk food and meaty vegan sandwiches.Tater Tachos!!!! They were so good and perfect after a night of hanging out in the bars on Frenchmen Street.