Great drinks! 
I sat at the bar. Once I got the bartender to slow down and realize I would be a great tip if she treated me like a "table of 4" instead of "1 at the bar." Then they took care of me like a Rock Star.
I recommend the Puerto Rican Zombie ... multiple times. Couple's or large groups get the fish bowls. They are far from weak.
I had the shrimp and grits... and while the shrimp were "meh" the grits were amazing.... no... freakin' amazing.
This is the quintessential dive bar with off the hook drinks... and even better food.
Don't mind the wait staff. They're used to blowing people in and out, but once they know you are going to spend some time with them, they loosened up... laughed... and had a great time.
Highly recommend.A great place to start your day in New Orleans! Fun atmosphere; great drinks and awesome food.....and Alian the bartender is great - good conversation and some good tips for the area.  We haven't traveled here for over 10 years but had to come back to this spot as a great place in New orleans to sit and enjoy!I have no idea why this place doesn't have a better rating. My wife and I are visiting from Dallas. No doubt the best shrimp tacos I've had in my life. Extreme casual. No kids. Local pub, but beach style.Not the greatest experience. Waitress Sofie had a terrible attitude. She was hateful to not only customers but her co-workers as well - arguing and complaining in front of guests. It made the "Dining experience" very uncomfortable. Couldn't wait to get out of there - won't be going back.Late night at Lucy's ! Happening place. Outdoor seating, lively environment. Decent cocktails, good service. Ordered nachos minus all of the dairy and animal products. Good food!When this place was Lucy's I enjoyed eating here. Food was decent and drinks were affordable. Now you have to use cash or they will automatically charge your card an additional 3% surcharge for credit or debit purchases. When we told the host that's why we were choosing to not eat here he informed us they have always charged the 3% even when they were Lucy's which is a lie because we ate there pretty often. (Unless the 3% was rolled into the prices on the menu) So additional fees mixed with lying hosts just didn't do it for us.Best casual, family friendly bar in town . . .The best food we've had on our trip to New Orleans. An unexpected treat that we stumbled on walking around the warehouse district. The tacos were delicious - don't miss the shrimp pao pao. And Lucy's margarita was tasty too.- Ordered 2 hot teas and both mugs came dirty around the rims
- chips were very salty and the salsa tasted old
- the breakfast burrito was bland and full of scrambled egg and huge chunks of potatoes
- the fish tacos were okay but the tortillas were cold and hard
- the server was nice however she spent a good amount of time sitting at a booth talking to someone so we had to search for someone else to help us get the bill.Happy, laid back place.  Came for lunch with husband and 2 teens.  Great California-influenced menu.Best tortilla chips I've ever had. Made in house alittle thicker and don't get mushy like others I've had. I ordered the nachos with black beans and crawfish talis. Although it was 14 bucks, it could easily serve 2 and possibly 3. Extremely good and the fish tacos are also excellent. Love this place!  And tons of beautiful women on weekend nightsLucy's rocks. Great food and drink. Fish tacos make you think you are in SoCal. Fun and lively atmosphere. Recently had a lost item there and management took extraordinary steps to make sure I got the item back. Could not believe the steps they took to help me. Best casual bar/restaurant in the warehouse district. They treat you like family. Enjoy!Stopped here for lunch and had the crawfish enchiladas and fish over a corn dish sort of like a succotash. Both were tasty! I also liked the hot sauce selection. Service was quick and the food was tasty, unique and fresh.Just had the appetizer/meal.  Fried Avocado with Shrimp and tomato relish.  It was very tastie but to
much for one person.  I highly recommend!This has the best tasting food I've had after 5days of being in NOLA. Great place to relax and prices are awesome! Highly recommend the Fajitas! Drinks: Puerto Rican Zombie and Da' Killer WhaleGreat, laid back atmosphere with delicious drinks and TONS of great app, taco, sandwich, & entree options! Prices aren't had either!Came to New Orleans for a work conference and found this place the first night.  Such a fun place to just chill and get settled.
We ordered the smoked tuna dip for an appetizer.  My boyfriend doesn't even like tuna but he loved this.  The tuna was chunky and smoky.  The pita rounds were awesome and I loved the siraccha sauce on top.  Had tuna dip at another place on our trip and had to come back to lucys on our final night to get theirs cause it was so much better.
I had the jalapeño shrimp and grits.  Took half with me but loved it so much I would eat the whole thing.  
Drinks were good.  Service was good.  Loved seeing all the locals strolling in cause you know it's a keeper then.  
Thanks Lucys for making my trip start on a great noteReally love Lucy's... Great atmosphere, great service, great food, great drinks. They have a fantastic happy hour with half price apps. Fun place to go for sure.Its goss and bad service !! If I could give this place 0 stars I would! My husband and I sat down and ordered our drinks and our meal at the same time it took forever to get our drinks we didn't get them until we got our food. My husband asked after 15 mins if we could get our drinks and the waitress said the bartender is making them now. Got our drinks and food started to eat and my husband was eating his food and the lettuce on his plate started to move he jumped up and there was a half dead grasshopper still moving !!! Way to turn us off ! We called our waitress over to take a look she called the manager he sat down at our table and accused my husband of putting the grasshopper on the plate !!! I spoke up and said they were gross and I couldn't believe they were calling us liers !! They ended up not giving us a bill at all! So not worth it even for free food GROSS!!I got the shrimp and grits and it was fabulous. The waitress was very nice and had great suggestions for everyone.What a great surprise! While wondering around on our first day we stumbled upon this Gem! Cameron "Dude" was an excellent bartender! He gave us several suggestions for our trip and was so friendly! Taco Tuesday was pretty awesome as well! Recommend the shrimp tacos!This is Lucy's renamed for a reason unknown to me. Must stop by during mardis some
Of the parades roll right on tchoup so this corners is Always poppin. The food
Is not great but the bar is always a
Good time. Stop by on a weekend
Night and get your dance moves on throw up some paper Napkins and make
It rain before hopping on to your next bar.Great if you like beer, all-American burgers and country music. Fine if you don't. A good happy hour place to go with your friends and pretend to be in college.
Food: 4 stars
I ordered the Cali Purger. It was fresh and filling. Food came fairly quickly (~15-20 min). They were very accommodating when we asked for menu substitutions.
Atmosphere: 3 stars
Clean enough but nothing special. Bathroom wasn't terribly dirty.
Service: 3 stars
The waitress was average-friendly but she didn't say much.We had a large group and were having trouble finding a place to seat us that didn't have a 1 hour wait.  We "stumbled" upon the 701 Bar and couldn't have been happier.  They staff was great.  The food was terrific.  We had a wonderful time.Honestly the one in Baton Rouge is superior. This may be a good bar,  but the food was awful. The avocado fries were mushy. The server left our food in the window until it was cold. Cold poboy and soggy mahi mahi sandwiches with no flavor are nor tasty. Kind of leaning more garage trashy than fun surfer. Pretty sure our food was dumpster quality too.Had a wonderful lunch with my daughter on day 1 of our trip to NOLA!  To start we had Queso topped with Fried Crawfish tails, which was full of flavor, a little spicy but, not where I couldn't eat it or had to wash it down with water after each bite, it added to the wonderful flavor.
We went on Monday, when the daily special is Red Beans and Rice, my daughter and I split an order, they were also delicious and just like I make at home.
My absolute favorite food item that we ordered was the Pao Pao Shrimp Po 'Boy, the shrimp were fried perfectly, the bread was soft and the Pao Pao sauce pulled it all together.  We wished that we had time to wait for them to open before we left for the airport, the Pao Pao Shrimp Po 'Boy would have been our on plane meal :)
Not to neglect the drinks, we had a frozen drink which I can't remember the name of, not Tito's Frozen lemonade, which we heard was also good and had planned to try on a return visit but, we ran out of time.
The staff was very friendly and attentive, it's a perfect place to eat, have a drink and relax, and the best part for us is that it was right across the street from our hotel.  Lucy's is definitely on our list of places to eat when we return to NOLA!Great inexpensive Cal/Mex with a New Orleans twist. We have eaten here over the years and find the food to be healthy and plentiful. We've enjoyed the fish tacos, the fajita plates, and the salads.
It's a couple of blocks from Poydras St in the warehouse/Museum district.Even with a line to the street the servers are still in good spirits and do all they can to get the food out in a timely manner. To prices are fair and food is hot and seasoned! Thumbs up!Low class bar for low class people ... Their security is associated w low class girls who want to fight people for taking a picture. Was celebrating my graduation from medical school here and I wish we weren't. This one girl elbowed me for asking her to move to take a pic of my friends. After spending hundred dollars here , all we got was aggression. My first fight in my 30 years of life.. The security guard behind her, tying to fight my friend ...Yes!  It's been about a year since I almost wrote off one of my favorite local eats.  However, I am happy to report that my last few eating ventures at Lucy's were a real treat.  The food is better than ever and reminds me of long ago when you'd have to wait 40 minutes for a table at lunch time.  I'm impressed with the improvements that the new management has implemented; a super pleasant wait staff, and NO dishrag odor.  Gone.  Even the sidewalk is clean!
It's good to know that not all restaurants take their customers for granted.  We love our local hangouts; we 'grew up' there, and want to keep returning for great food and fun.  Lucy's IS New Orleans and I'm thrilled to put it back at the top of my "where to go" list.  
Thank you, Lucy's, for coming back strong.  Kudos to your management team and staff.  Can't wait to get back.  Yay!Husband's food hot, mine cold BUT their music of choice is disco.  That's enough for me.The lunch was good, and the service was excellent - very dog friendly, they paid as much attention to the dogs as they did to us (that's a good thing)!Excellent food and drink.   Reminds me of home.     Fish tacos are to die for.   Beer is cold but Lucy is hotCame here right after we settled in our room, I took my oldest boy with me on a business trip. This was the first place we ate. The food was great, this isn't anything spectacular as far as decor, but the food made up for it. It is good bar food. The service was one of the best things about this place! The people working at this place make it totally enjoyable. We didn't see any surfers though! 
-BrentStopped in to Lucy's looking for a good spot for food and to watch the NBA Finals. It was a great choice. Lucy's is not a tourist trap, its locally owned with great decor and vibe to it. Its a favorite for beautiful women tourists and locals alike. They offer great beer specials even on imports. The food was excellent. Calif/Mex style food featuring excellent chips and salsa that is not overpriced. The fish tacos are the star of the menu, some of the best that you can get in New Orleans. They also have boiled crawfish when in season and great outdoor seating. I will be back.Came here with my friends because we went to Syracuse University where there is also a Lucy's. Have nothing bad to say about the food or service, but I did see a tirade of mice as we were eating. 
This does not mean one or two, this was enough sightings that I quickly lost count, tucked my feet off the floor and asked for the check.Recently started charging an extra 3% when paying your bill by credit card.  While this is now legal to do, it is poor business practice.  So many other great places in this town-- I'll take my business elsewhere.Slow. We were dining in with about the same number of guests as employees and we waited 30 minutes or more for burgers...
The waitstaff seems
More interested in casual conversation with other employees or guests than tending to their tables. 
The food, however, was good. Shrimp and grits were enjoyed by the other half, and my fiesta burger was pretty good. The grits were cheesy and flavored well. The burger had a nice mix of texture and flavor. Good proportions and filling. Prices were decent. Most meals between $9-15. 
I would probably give this place another shot. I travel to New Orleans often and have seen quite the crowd in the restaurant before. I know they have good drink specials. The only thing keeping from a higher rating on this visit was 1. The wait, and 2. My order of sweet potato fries was not acknowledged, even though it does show on the receipt as ordered. Regular fries were brought, they were decent.Best shrimp n grits in town. Love the atmosphere and the happy hour is good too. Please don't stop carrying Kona beers!! Sometimes bar staff gets distracted with other employees, but overall still one of my favorite joints in town.Service was good. Atmosphere great- how would have thought to find a surfer bar in New Orleans. Good was basic and basically prepared. I had chicken Caesar with very dry chicken. Nacho chips with guacamole was ok. I thought guacamole was going to be fresh made - didn't seem to be. I did enjoy the atmosphere- so worth the visitWe read some of the reviews, and almost didn't stop in because of the service reviews.  Now, the service was not what made the experience, it was the food and the mixed drinks.  However, we had both bartenders come to our table, and Chelsea stayed on top of things.  So don't let the reviews fool you. The food was awesome.Great place to hangout with the locals, get away from the tourists areas of Nola, and experience the area with the people that make this city so great. They have the best ever loaded nachos. The staff is friendly. It's a must stop when your in the area!The food is consistent. That's pretty much the best that can be said about it. Nothing outstanding just consistent. 
The best part of this place are the drinks. Brunch specials on the weekends and Wednesday night happy hour is on point. 
Pretty frequently gets packed at nights almost taking over the whole block, but it's still pretty fun even after having to wait a while for a drink.We came here after a Pelicans game on a Tuesday night after watching my Grizzlies win (Go Grizz!), and decided after perusing a number of local spots open at 10:15pm on the Yelp! app, we decided to try Lucy's. My significant other has lived here for 6 years and had always wanted to try it, and I was getting hangry (anger resulting from prolonged hunger) so we decided to try it out!  It's a hoppin' corner spot with a nice patio on the sidewalk and a large patio in the back/atrium area. Sadly, it was raining and chilly so we were sat at a table in the restaurant area in the room behind the rambunctious bar area. I wish I was in the mood to indulge in a few cocktails, because this definitely seems the place and the atmosphere that I adore! 
So, the only reason I took a star away was for the service. I'm a service industry veteran, so I have patience and empathy for service industry employees out the wazoo. We were greeted by another server who took and brought our initial drink orders, as well as the table next to ours. Our server didn't appear for another 10 minutes, and it was a rushed process henceforth. We started out with the cheese dip, and contrary to another review dashing it to pieces, we found it to be amazing! The spice is different, but delicious.  My S.O. got the fish tacos (taking a cue from the yelp! suggestions) , and I ordered the pork tamales - both entrees with beans and rice. The fish tacos were devoured immediately, and the pork tamales were AMAZING! I only wish we had a server around so I could've added some hot sauce! It took us another 15 minutes to get the check, but we were in no rush.
Great food, great ambiance, glacially slow service (on this night). The food is worth it!Went to Lucy's for brunch and had a great experience. Ordered the California Benedict and would highly recommend it. The service was also superb. Our waitress, Lindsey, was very attentive and enjoyable to be around. Would definitely go back !I've never eaten here but we go to the bar scenes during the weekend and we always have a lot of fun! Atmosphere is chill and always great selection of music that makes you want to dance. It's a lot of college students so it's not the most classiest but always a good time.Apparently there is several around in NYC, Paris, Miami, etc. The one in NOLA is laid back and easy to have fun in. Look forward to visiting the NYC locationGreat service by Kris Batiste! Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a laid back brunch experience!Fish and shrimp tacos are awesome. Quick lunch destination if you're in the convention center area for a conference/training.Drinks were great. The hot homemade chips and salsa better then most Mexican places. Chicken fajitas are really good again the guac was as good as most Mexican restaurantsLove this place the food and service are great. Nice to hang out with friends and still be able to talk without the music being over powering. But don't get me wrong they play great music. Can't wait to my next trip to New Orleans and visit Lucy's !!!!!!The crawfish enchiladas are maybe the best enchiladas I've ever had. The atmosphere is really fun and laid back. Service was terrific. We had a party of 12 on a Friday night and the hostess worked us right in. She was very accommodating and friendly. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. Couldn't have asked for anything more.Good little joint love the crawfish  , servers are great beers are cold.. Fun hangoutWe hit this pretty late at night.  It was cool.  They have a drink that involves a shark in some manner.Cold beer and cold queso. Apparently a hamburger takes about an hour to cook and somehow it takes 45 minutes to put a chicken wrap in the microwave. Thanks for dropping food off my plate onto my cell phone and not noticing. Floor still smelled of chemical cleaner to mop up vomit.Great place to eat, had the serious nachos and loved them.  Will definitely be back to try out other menu items!I was surprised to see Lucy's wasn't at five stars. We've had the worst time finding a decent lunch place and this restaurant was a pleasant surprise. Excellent and friendly service. Yummy vegetarian options. Highly recommend.TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!! Waited 30 min for a drink order- would not let us order food. Waited another 45min to order our food. It was ridiculous. The service was horrible. Waitress was rude.
We were so hungry when we got here. We were about to leave, but ended up staying. The food wasn't bad but definitely would not come back...
The Mahi was VERY dry. 
Waitress added things to our bill that we did not order. She ended up giving herself a nice 20% tip that she did not deserve.Went for dinner with 2 others. Sunday night, 7:30 pm the weekend of comicon (we were there for a science conference). We were seated right away. Great atmosphere - character -- but not what you might expect in NOLA -- beach themed Mexican. 
It was loud with the music, a bit tough to have a conversation. 
Food. 2 words..... Fried Avocado. order it! Fantastic. 
Chips and salsa - thick chips, just the right amount of salt. 
Tacos were ok....avoid the beef (chewy and generally not great). Chicken sandwich, good - sauce on the side was tasty. Sweet potato fries were a tad bit undercooked but still tasty. 
Our server was fantastic. Friendly, helpful and chatty but not to the point of being overwhelming. 
One person we went with said she goes for lunch regularly and really likes it. If we are back and i have the opportunity to visit for lunch will check it out for sure!Service was good. Atmosphere great- who would have thought to find a surfer bar in New Orleans. Food was basic and basically prepared. I had chicken caesar with very dry chicken. Nacho chips with guacamole was ok. I thought guacamole was going to be fresh made - didn't seem to be. I did enjoy the atmosphere- so worth the visitWe walked by this place several times on our way home from the convention center, and finally stopped by to try it. We loved the surfer/relaxed feel inside, and the interesting decorations, it's quite different from the other places we've been to so far. It's a good place to go for happy hours ($4 cocktails) or with friends on a taco tuesday. 
I ordered the shrimp fajitas with a few modifications -I had a double order of black beans instead of rice, and they brought our an extra order of shrimp for me by accident. The shrimp was delicious, a little spicy, and I really liked the black beans and guacamole. The onions and peppers were a little too oily and greasy for my liking, and I think since my body's not really used to such rich fare, it made me a little uncomfortable after the meal. However, the portion was huge and I had enough for a second meal ($12).
The server was really friendly, made sure we had everything we needed and made sure to come check up on us. 
I can't really remember what my friends got, but I would definitely recommend ordering seafood since that's what New Orleans is known for.I'm a big fan of this local neighborhood joint. The food is pretty decent. Not bad. It won't blow your socks off either. The real draw to this place is the bar scene. Thursday - Sunday fun day it's usually a pretty good place to start at or kill a few buckets at. Pretty awesome destination in the warehouse district.Here's my one of my FAV restaurants for eats.  However, I was totally turned off when I walked in the door the other day.  I can overlook the fact that they haven't hosed down the sidewalk outside the kitchen in the last 20 years. But when I walk in where I am supposed to eat their food and it stinks like an old, damp, bleach-soaked dish towel that's been sitting in the sink for days, I really wanted to leave. Actually, I would have left if a friend had not already been seated in the back and waiting for me. 
The server was very pleasant.  On my last several visits, the waitresses had major attitude, but thankfully not today.   The salsa has always been amazing but the restaurant switched to flour (FAKE) tortilla chips instead of corn. Poor decision, but it doesn't stop anyone from ordering it.  My black bean quesadilla was yum as always (albeit a little skimpy on the beans) and my friend said her food was yummy too.  
Over all, the food is good, the wait staff has improved, but Lucy's really needs its manger/owner to give the place some TLC.  On the other hand, if it only wants to be a stinky, college-dive watering hole, then carry on.  
Hose the place down, inside and out.  Seriously.This is Lucy's Retired Surfer bar, they changed the name to 701 "Chapatoulas". Taco Tuesday's.Very nice bar/restaurant!
Waitress (Sarah) was great. Food was good. Drinks were legit. Dessert approved by 14y.o.!I never really thought of Lucy's as a "restaurant"... rather just a neighborhood watering hole that was popular by luck.  BUT, as it turns out, Lucy's does serve food... and Lucy's is about as Dive-y as a bar can be & I will still consider eating the food.  That said, the food is fine, the drinks are fine, the place is fine... it's in an exceptionally good location.  The other thing that sets this place apart is that it is super dog friendly & even has a dog menu.  The first time I ordered food here, it was for my dog.  He loves the chicken breast!The service in this restaurant is unbelievably sad.  I ordered a Margarita and it tasted like water.  I signaled a waitress to have her come replace it.  She states, "I will let you waitress know."  We physically see her let our waitress (Ariel) know about the poorly made drink.  17.2 minutes go by without our waitress ever acknowledging us or even bringing the new drink.  A server ends up bringing our appetizer and I let him know my dissatisfaction with the drink.  He says I will get you another one, please note 31 minutes has passed by this time.  After a few more minutes the original waitress comes by and ask if Ariel has come by the table and we say "no not at all."  She let's us know she will go get Ariel and let her know again.  After 13 more minutes "Ariel" comes to our table and says we can't make you another drink it is against our policy.  Please note this is after an hour of sitting in the restaurant and none of the staff whom we talked to have stated anything of sort.  I ask why did it take so long for you to come to let us know this....she says the waitress never told her.  My wife quickly says that is a lie I sat here and watched her tell you twice!!!  ARIEL then says," well they didn't know we can't remake drinks.  Please note we have not received our entrees at this point either...over an hour of waiting.  If the manager or owner reads this post, please note you have a cancer in your restaurant, get rid of it before it becomes chronic.Lucy's has a selection of tiki type drinks that all seem to be over the top sugar bombs rather than anything creative. The bartender seemed to care more about his phone than actually speaking to or waiting on customers. Plenty of other places to go instead.Staff was extremely friendly! They don't make their Maverick any longer but the killer blue whale rum drink was great! I had the Pao Pao shrimp po'boy which was really good but bread was almost too hard to eat. Should have gotten the same version in tacos. But the shrimp was great!! Would go back for sure.Ok really wanted to try this place as it has been suggested by the hotel concierge as a family friendly place. At least one were kids under 21 could get in. First try so noisy and no "hostess" available. Went to another restaurant to eat.
   Day 2 tried again. This time no problems getting a seat. Staff was  nice.  Same manager as night before. Ordered the boiled crawfish as it is usually awesome and in season early. Nothing to write about less then stellar, actually all small,over cooked, and mushy.  Cool they also had a sign to have a discount for comic con folks. Asked about it was told had to be in costume. Mind you both kids are dressed up, but we have changed. Ok no problem guess they decide what is your costume and if you qualified. Should have been my first clue Ok!
   Guess the bottom line is this if you are looking for mediocre food. Don't get the grilled cheese for kids tasted like burnt plastic. This is your place!!!
Waitress was great mostly attentive. Make sure and read the fine print on your receipt. Spoiler there is a surcharge for using a credit card. Understandable but at least tell me before you bring me the bill to sign. 
   You will be charged for everything even if they don't tell you. Husband asked for some salsa expecting it with the $13 burrito as they sauce was gross. When the bill was brought $3 for the salsa. Actually it was not the pricing that was an issue it was the communication. Tell me if it will cost me. Got mad enough by the end cause any one item would be ok, but all together ridiculous. Paid bill and left. Husband stopped to talk to manager Ed. He appeared to try, but I believe it was a lost cause.  I was not impressed with the food and the deception by the staff. Be warned. Maybe and I am hoping that it was a one off.The Really Good:
-The fries. They have the really good, seasoned, crispy fries. The fries everyone should have.
The Pretty Good:
-The breakfast burrito. It was a breakfast burrito. Eggs, cheese, tortilla, guac, sausage. I like these things. I've had better, and I've had worse.
-The shrimp and grits. Lots and lots of grits, enough shrimp, and decent flavor. Could've used a little more moisture (sauce, butter, something).
The Not So Good:
-The service. They were slow to take our order, slow to bring anything we needed, slow to bring a check. Our waitress was kind enough to tell us that she wasn't going to be back for a while (bathroom break, dropping off another check, helping another table)...but I'm not sure if that makes it better or worse. 
-The Bloody Mary. Just wasn't up to par.Kinda kitschy and kinda cool
Alice was the spawn of the public school
Lucy however surfed all day long 
And at day's end knew where she belonged
In a place with drinks where mermaids are swimming
And visitors come by before and after their gyming.
Grab a cold brew and a burger at the bar
Do a quick shot but let someone else drive the car
This is a place where the keeps know your name
And in return they ask just the same.
They'll see me again even though I don't surf
But this place is fun where it sits on dry turf
Tell em I sent you and see what they say
I doubt anything at all but oh well what the hay