Terrible. Honestly, probably the worst Vietnamese food in New Orleans. 
Banh mi bread is an oversized Portuguese roll. The sandwich has too much meat and not enough vegetables. Barely any cilantro or cucumber on the sandwich at all. And the pork roll and pate both did not taste good. And worst of all it costs $9! Twice as much as it should.
The rice plate wasn't any better.
The meat was bland. They gave me brown rice even though I ordered white. And replacing the typical accompaniments was carrots and steamed broccoli. Such a disappointment. Such basic food messed up so badly, and it's not even fast. Really, no upside to eating here.
And the biggest shame is that their location on the West Bank is pretty good. So they know how to make good food, they're just dumbing it down I guess and trying to make money. I don't know. But don't go eat here. You've been warned.I wanted to like this place so bad. My co workers had said great things about it. I ordered the Thai tea with tapioca, chicken pho and an egg roll on the side. The service was decent. I was the only person in the restaurant for a little while. The egg roll came. The flavor was off and the sauce was not good. I'm used to pungent fish sauces but I just did not enjoy it. The Thai tea tasted watered down and the tapioca tasted old. The pho came. The broth was good, as was the veggies on the side and the chicken was cooked pretty well. However, the noodles in the soup were not cooked correctly.. the texture was off and they were all stuck together in an unappetizing way. Oh well. I'll try again some other time.Excellent fresh Vietnamese food in a simple and nice place. Friendly service too. Definitely recommend.I had the steamed tofu bun and the shrimp banh mi, both were absolutely delicious. Staff is super friendly. It was great to find a true Vietnamese right in the middle of the French Quarter. Menu has most of the vietnamese classics and is very fair priced.Yes, I'm a tourist from Dallas / Fort Worth. But I've eaten ~a lot~ of Vietnamese food from ~a lot~ of restaurants. Some good, some great, and some that were incredibly disappointing. 
I can confidently say Nine Roses is one of the great ones. 
We started with the crepe and pork/shrimp spring rolls. If they weren't freshly made, it certainly fooled me. They were tender, and they included mint in the filling which is a favorite recipe of mine. The crepe was perfect. The crispy crust was flavorful as it should be. The sprouts steamed perfectly. One of the things that really set it apart was the dressings of cucumber, mint, and the pickled carrots. The other was the lack of a greasy presence on the bottom. That's quite an accomplishment. 
Next up, the pork vermicelli bowl (bun thit nuong). Did I mention I've eaten a lot of Vietnamese? This was hands down the best grilled pork I've ever had. It was tender and juicy. Flavorful. Both sweet and savory as it should be. Enough said. 
The staff was eager to take care of us and consistently kept our drinks full. 
This experience has ensured Nine Roses will be on our list of places to visit each time we're in town.Excellent clean fresh Vietnamese food. Had Thai tee-ready made. Had the egg rolls and crab Rangoon. Had Pork Banh mi, chicken vermicelli bowl, and rice plate with beef. Wonderful subtle flavor. Fast and hip spot across the square from hotel.Best Pho Ever!!!
The Pho here is outta this world! What a nice oasis in the middle of the French Quarter. Refreshing Bubble Teas and literally the best Pho I've ever had . The broth is very complex, with deep rich flavors and the quality of meat matches the dish. Will definitely be back!The Pho here is outta this world! What a nice oasis in the middle of the French Quarter. Refreshing Bubble Teas and literally the best Pho I've ever had . The broth is very complex, with deep rich flavors and the quality of meat matches the dish. Will definitely be back!If you're not into fried or greasy food, or just like a good deal, this is not only the best meal I've had in town but also the least expensive.Hands down the BEST Vietnamese cuisine in Nola. The crepes are absolutely to die for, their beef spring rolls are the best in this country. Their pho, super delicious and lets not leave out the beef banh mi sandwich. If you need a change from Cajun food, you would do yourself a disservice of you didn't make a visit here. Until next time!Amazing shrimp spring rolls! And the pho soup is to die for. Really inexpensive - 14$ is the most expensive item on the menu.Went with my SO and ordered shrimp banh mi, a lychee bubble tea and a coffee bubble tea. Neither of us cared for the tapioca balls in the bubble tea as they weren't as firm as we are used too. The bubble tea is also more of a smoothie than iced tea, but is yummy. The banh mi was very tasty. It had a ton of cilantro, some pate, and  used shredded carrots and jalapenos instead of pickled carrots and sliced jalapenos. It was not spicy.Great Vietnamese food! We needed a break from the fried and heavy New Orleans food, and this was the perfect choice.
We got the yellow curry, spring rolls, and beef vermicelli bowl and loved everything. For under 40 bucks too!Came to New Orleans for vocation with parents, my parents had to eat something Asian after spending a day here.  Found this place near our hotel, the restaurant is really small and comfy for smaller parties.  Our family is a big fan of the combination pho, we order the same dish at every Vietnamese restaurant so we can really compare.  Back home in Houston TX, the combination pho comes with sliced beef,  beef meatball, beef tendon, and beef stripes.  But the combination we ordered at 9 roses only comes with sliced beef, beef meatball and some shredded chicken.  The taste isn't bad, it is just not what we expected, the soup is not as flavorful as the ones back home.  I guess the food is more authentic back home since we have a huge Vietnamese community.  Overall, we still liked the food, and I really recommend their fried sprinG rolls.This place has a perfect location for a group bike ride lunch or dinner. We stopped and ate in the beautiful alley that was well decorated for the season. With a group of 12 we ordered much of the small but potent menu. I ordered the meatball pho and shared some spring rolls. The spring rolls were excellent along with a great peanut sauce. The meatball pho was just ok, the broth was great but the meatballs were store bought frozen meatballs that were tough and rubbery. Other than that the service and price was excellent for this big a group in the quarter.Great rec from our tour guide.  Dumplings, chicken curry and veggie curry all nicely spiced, good size portions and excellent value.  Forget the gumbo one night and go here! Cozy and casual.I am visiting New Orleans for 5 days. I have tried a lot of food in New Orlands ! I know some people enjoy different tastes and styles of food. I passed by 9 Roses and took a look at the menu. I was surprised about their prices. Very reasonable. I read the reviews..all good except for a fews customers. Well...not easy to please all.  Today, I stopped by and chatted with the owner. She was very friendly.  I found out she lived in Ben Tre, Vietnam near my home town. The young man who worked there lived in My Tho, my home town. Wow! No wonder the food was so good and yummy. Tomorrow, I  leave and go back to San Jose. Since my flight leaves early,  I ordered a dish I love so I can warm up before my flight!Back when we lived in New Orleans (1995-2007), Nine Roses on the West Bank was probably my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the metro.  It has a huge and varied menu, and pretty much anything you tried was going to be delicious.  
We were staying in the Quarter without a car on this visit, so sampling some of the Best Bank eateries was not an option.  But we were happy to see that Nine Roses now has this French Quarter outpost.  Our current town, Cincinnati, has improved its Vietnamese offerings from virtually zero to a few during our time there, but some of them aren't very convenient for us to get to, and some of them aren't very good.  So we often take advantage of Vietnamese-food opportunities on the road.
If only by comparison to its West Bank parent location, the Nine Roses Cafe is a bit disappointing.  In contrast to the novellas that you get for menus across the river, the menu here is tiny (just a few pho, bun, and banh mi options for the most part), and seems geared toward making the food palatable to the many tourists who might end up here.  Don't get me wrong:  Everything seemed like it was prepared with care, and the ingredients were fresh.  But a pho dac biet here doesn't mean what it usually means.  "Dac biet" basically means "combination," of course, which can mean just about anything. But with pho, it usually means not only the rare beef but also tendon, tripe, meatballs, i.e., all that good nose-to-tail stuff.  But here, tripe and tendon get replaced with bland chicken, which adds nothing to the flavor profile.  And the beef itself was basically well-done.  Still a nice bowl of pho, but with somewhat muted flavors.
My wife was pleased with her bun with chicken.  That chicken--in contrast to that in the pho-- was very tender and flavorful.
Goi cuon (spring rolls) were a bit better.  We get these things in Cinci sometimes and they'll have no herbs to speak of, except for a couple of cilantro leaves, and they'll have shrimp or pork only, not both.  These are stuffed with both proteins, plus three or four herbs.  Excellent.
The French Quarter pricing is a bit of a drawback, too.  Twelve dollars for a bowl of pho is high, no matter how you slice it.  (For that matter, café sua da will set you back six dollars.  Ouch.)
Service was friendly, pleasant, and efficient, and the decor of this cozy little cafe is sharp and attractive.
Nine Roses Café is fine.  But as one who fondly remembers various Vietnamese restaurants around the NOLA metro, I'd say it comes off as a bit of a watered-down representation of Vietnamese food, especially for this town.We were interested in having Vietnamese for lunch and this spot fit the bill.  The service was attentive and water refills were plentiful.  Really, our server busted her ass and her efforts were appreciated.
We really enjoyed the food.  The tofu spring rolls didn't have a lot of flavor (but that's tofu).  The vermicelli was really good and the chunks of pork were meaty and plentiful.
We would return here the next time we're in town.Perfect warm pho on a cold night. Great find off the main path if you're looking for a quiet spot.We had an okay experience. I like that there is another inexpensive place with vegetarian options in the quarter. I've always loved that charming location on Exchange Alley and it was nice to sit outside and be a bit secluded. Service was ok, they were busy but still had open tables at 6:30 on a Saturday night. Staff were very nice. But service was a little slow and they were out of the special already, shrimp on sugarcane, which I was excited to try because that was the first Vietnamese dish I ever had, like 25 years ago in Houston. Lemongrass tofu was tasty. The ban mi was big and filling with lots of that tofu. Veggies were fresh. However there was only one little piece of jalapeño and it wasn't even hot. So pretty good but not the best. Still it's great to have an option besides fried food in the quarter. Caveat: cheating vegan pho is just vegetables in beef broth.I had lunch here on a whim, and was very satisfied with the experience. The food is excellent, service is fairly quick, and the prices, for what you get, are reasonable.
One of the stand-out features of this place is its setting: right on Exchange Alley, and very near the wonderful sweet shop, Sucre. I chose one of the patio tables beneath a giant shade umbrella, where a few feet away a painter was at work outside his studio. Such a pleasant way to relax and refuel.
I ordered the yellow curry with tofu, made medium spicy. There was A LOT of tofu, which made me very happy, and it was fried the way I like it. The extra touches were nice--the steamed veggies on the side which can be dunked in the curry, and the topping of ground peanuts. 
I missed potatoes. They're usually included in this dish, in both Vietnamese and Thai cuisine, and they add substance and starchy goodness. In fact, most of the veggies were on the side, rather than in the sauce itself, but I suppose the profusion of tofu more than made up for this.
Overall, it was a delicious meal, and I'd gladly go back to try more of the menu.Spring rolls are fresh as well as large enough to share as appetise. Pho is awesome. Period.This is the best Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans bar none.  The pho here is the best I have eaten anywhere.  The cafe itself is bright, clean and well decorated not a hole in the wall like some other restaurants.  This is probably the most affordable eating place in the French Quarter.  The fact that it is located next to Sucre Salon is a definite plus.  I highly recommend this place.This place is so good! I make a point to stop by here every time I visit NOLA now. Great food for great prices.There was hair my shrimp spring roll and my chicken dumplings didn't taste good. The crab rangoons tasted good but barely had filling. I'm definitely not going back.This is the best Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans bar none.  The pho here is the best I have eaten anywhere.  The cafe itself is bright, clean and well decorated not a hole in the wall like some other restaurants.  This is probably the most affordable eating place in the French Quarter.  The fact that it is located next to Sucre Salon is a definite plus.  I highly recommend this place.
I just found out that there is another Yelp account for this cafe with nine spelled out as in "Nine Roses Cafe" instead of "9 Roses Cafe".  The other one has the accurate operating hours and the menu with pictures.Everything we ordered was delicious. The place was packed and the service great. You won't be disappointed.Absolutely love this place! My sister and I were looking for a good restaurant with vegan/vegetarian options while on vacation in New Orleans. This place is located in the French Quarter which was perfect as it was a short walk from our hotel.
As soon as I walked in, I fell in love with the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was decently sized with lots of indoor and outdoor seating. We came for dinner so we decided to sit inside. The decor was simple, but really fit the restaurant.
Now the only downside to this restaurant was that our server was fairly quiet. It wasn't too big of a deal as he didn't forget anything we ordered, but it was slightly awkward. Besides that, the food was A M A Z I N G.
First, we decided to share the taro slush boba, which was definitely not the best boba drink I've had, but it did remind me of going to the Chinese restaurant near my house and ordering the same drink as a kid. We also got the fried tofu spring rolls. This was my favorite dish. The presentation was beautiful and the tofu was fried to perfection. The vegetables inside tasted deliciously fresh and the peanut sauce was everything you could ask for.
For the main dish, I ordered the "Chegan" Pho. Again, the tofu was prepared perfectly and there was a good amount of tofu in it as well. I was truly surprised when I saw the amount of tofu in the pho because most restaurants will only put two pieces of tofu in your soup. Additionally, the broth was very flavorful which is an aspect that most Vietnamese restaurants lack in when they serve vegan broths.
Overall, this place is just perfect. They do not just serve vegan/vegetarian food, which is something I forgot to mention earlier. So if you're looking for a great Vietnamese place in the French Quarter, definitely stop by Nine Roses Cafe!A gem! We are from NY and we have to say, this is the best Vietnamese food we have had east of the Mississippi. We didn't think we could find good Asian food in NOLA but we were wrong.Really good food and excellent service. If you're looking for a nice Vietnamese restaurant near downtown and the French quarters this is the place you must visit. Next door has a nice dessert shop as well! Try it out you won't be disappointed!Probably the only Vietnamese place I know in the quarter. Service, food, price were all reasonable and nice. Had chicken dumplings and Lemongrass tofu bun. They got outdoor sittings too. They are located in the heart of french quarter, in a tiny alley. Definitely recommend and I do see myself coming back.Small corner Vietnamese joint that serves very slowly with very bad pho. Overly-priced pho that's basically water with noodles with some slices of beef with service that was traveling in a ship from Mars and back. I was very disappointed in the food and service. I don't consider this food.Great serving of combination pho here. When you are hungover this will get you ready for Bourbon Street again!Picked up dinner a few nights ago from here and it was pretty good. They had just opened, so we got some free cupcakes to go with our dinner, which was great!
I got the blackened shrimp bun which was just like your basic bun, nothing really stood out. My husband got a bahn mi, which he thoroughly enjoyed. Overall, the restaurant was really friendly and the food was pretty good!Ordered shrimp roll and tacos and it was not good at all. Total waste! I didn't try the pho so not sure if it's good but I wouldn't waste my time with the other foods. Not impressed with NOLA foodFirst time trying this place and it such a horrible experience. Our waiter if I'm not mistaken is Hispanic who had no clue about the menu. Took him a few trips back and forth to ask us what we ordered. When I wanted my order to go he told me come on man you here to eat finish it. The food isn't bad but that kind of service would prevent a second visit. Not to mention the check was basically thrown down our table . I wonder how this place still running.This is simply on the service. The food was good but too bad it was overlooked due to the horrible, disrespectful service provided by the young man who refused to answer any questions and kept rolling his eyes at anyone who needed a bit more time to look at the menu.The chicken tasted great!very nice service.was not feeling well and gave me a free tea for my throatGood if you need something inexpensive and quick, we both had the veggie pho (the broth is still beef though!). It was delicious :)I needed a break from the heavy food and wanted vietnamese.  We ordered pho, tofu spring rolls, flank steak and meatball pho and eggrolls. It was delicious. Price was good.  Service was good. Definitely recommendHad the flank steak phô, the steak itself was fresh and tasty but the broth wasn't all there. It wasn't amazing but it was good considering all we had week long was creole food. The fried egg rolls were good. My Thai tea tasted water down but my bf got the strawberry boba and OMG it was so delicious! Tasted like I was eating fresh sweet strawberries. There were only two flavors for blended drinks that they use powder for. Our server was very friendly and welcoming. That's a plus considering most Vietnamese restaurants in California have bad customer service.Earnest service, not perfect but they mean very well. Food is fresh--dumplings especially! The wrapper is so thin, you want to eat three orders just because. Grilled pork is ground and the somehow skewered, not sliced, but tasty anyway. 
Yum.Much smaller menu than the original westbank location with about 1/4 the seating as well. But they also offer solid Vietnamese in the FQ for a good price. So basically heaven!
They offer many basic Vietnamese dishes and some vegetarian fare. Like with most places, ask about fish sauce so you won't get a surprise. I had the lemongrass tofu bun and it was delicious and just the right amount of food for me.
Service was quick and courteous and the space is small but airy. I was surprised to see they had a liquor license, maybe only beer and wine. But they didn't complain when folks wandered in with drinks in hand. I also noticed several police officers (station is a couple of doors down) picking up takeout and enjoying the cuisine.Excellent! List of replenishing soups, comes with lots of different greens. Reguarding quantity and quality, prices are extremely reasonable.Great place on Conti, near the 8th district NOPD station.
The place is new and look pretty clean, people are nice and the food: Savory crepe and Yellow curry shrimp were good. i will return to try the braised pork belly and some spring roll.
Overall its a good experience...The only Vietnamese restaurant and centrally located inside the French Quarter! The table inside and out do fill up quickly! It's a small operation and the kitchen seem to be slightly overwhelmed by the in house and take out orders. The food wait took awhile but worth the patience. Our pork Spring Rolls were good! The Combination Pho were well balanced with the meat and rice noodles ration. Plus the light broth was flavorful. A nice break from all the rich food from the nights before!I'd give them 9 stars or roses! Just give me the peanut sauce!
I had no idea this place existed until I yelped Vietnamese food while in the French Quarter.  Have a seat overlooking Exchange Alley a bit away from the tourist traps and fried seafood platters.
Delicious and generous portions.
Start with the egg rolls.  They are fried to perfection without being greasy at all! They come on a bed of lettuce and carrots and served with fish sauce.  Excellent! 
But then the SPRING ROLLS., glorious spring rolls.  Lots of options!! They are super fresh and amazing! Not overstuffed with vermicelli noodles and filler!  The peanut sauce is to die for....I honestly drank it from the dip cup!   And I'd do it again. 
The rice plates are great as well.  I cannot wait to try a Bun next! I'm delighted to have this cuisine in the French Quarter..
And it certainly does not hurt to be next door to Sucre andThe food was on point. We had the Thai ice tea, pork summer rolls, vermicelli with chicken bowl and dumplings. Each was a 10/10. The ambience and service was good too. Definitely recommended.Excellent food at a fair price...the service was excellent. I had the vermicelli bowl with fried tofu, which was really good..,Excellent spring rolls and shrimp curry. Fresh and real vietnamese taste.
Very nice staff and relax atmosphere. Definately recommendble place if you are looking a vietnamese place in NOLAgreat spot for a quick meal. banh mi hit home and spring rolls were fresh! Pho to go was a bit on the small portionDuring our 6 day NOLA trip, we came here twice. First time for lunch, then for dinner. Good flavour authentic Vietnamese food. The Banh Xeo was crispy and delicious with all the yummy veggies, the Pho Gai was tasty and the chicken was not rubbery. Dinner, we had Rice noodle and rice plate, both delicious and meet my san franciscan standardsRegularly indulge in their downtown location. The pho hits the spot, every time. Served with aromatics, allowing you to create the perfect bowl. Small little spot, but great for to-go or quick bites.Excellent Pho! Authentic!! Just like Vietnam. Great service and wonderful food.  Try the spring rolls with grilled shrimp.Coming from California, this is definitely a surprise. My city is filled with pho/banh mi shops, but this place is where I found the best banh mi I've ever eaten. The bread is so crisp and light. There's a good balance between carrots and meat. Price wise, it's a little pricier (there's a lot of buy 2 get 1 free deals in my area) but it's worth it, knowing that a lot of places around here serve mostly fried or cream-based dishes. 10/10 would come again.Delicious fresh Vietnamese in the heart of NOLA. Be sure to try their pork dumplings and their delicious duck 'cole-slaw' (their term- not mine!).I ate here with a large group of cyclist. The service was fast and accurate. We sat outside in the alleyway at night.  It is in a great location in the French Quarter. The prices were very reasonable for the area. I ordered the brisket Pho and the broth was luke warm and very salty. Overall this place is decent and reasonable.An absolute tourist trap. The food here is horrible. I'm from the northern Virginia area, so I am fairly familiar to Vietnamese food, because the population of Vietnamese people is large.. I'd have to say the is the worst Vietnamese I've had in a long time!My partner was feeing sick. This was the best place to get chicken soup. The Pho was delicious and the service was timely.
Crab Rangoon and spring rolls were also delicious.Food is not good. Service is bad. Curry in curry chicken is terrible.The grilled beef vermicelli bowl was amazing. Came with lettuce, mint, bean sprouts, peanuts, and fish sauce vinaigrette. Celebrated our personalized tour of the Historic New Orleans collection. Learned much about the history of New Orleans.Ok I guess, but a little pricey. Will give 4 stars for fresh ground shrimp rolls but peanut sauce is a little pulpy.Stopped in for lunch with a friend. We placed our orders and a few minutes later were told that they were out of a bunch of ingredients. We ended up selecting from a very limited menu. It wasn't busy, so I'm not sure how they were sold out. The service was good, and the chicken bun appetizers were excellent; however, our main dishes - the shrimp and pork crepes - were tasteless.Absolutely delicious! Must eat in there place. Being european gourmets we were so tired from hamburgers of any kind and local sea food all cooked breaded so we decided to change for an evening. And it was so worthy of! We took 3 starters and 3 entrees and all was just so fresh and amazingly tasty. Overall - cozy, tasty, attentive. If you happen to be around, don't miss!Just had a great dinner there. Chicken "cole slaw" was fresh and delicious and service was friendly and fast.The place is located on a street, Exchange place, that puts you in Paris or Rome.  Truly an incredible hang out.  
The Banh Mi sandwich was terrific. Service was awesome. I sat outside with my dog and it was quite relaxing.Looking for a vegetarian meal before hitting the clubs on Frenchmen Street and stumbled on this place in the French Quarter. Highly recommended. I had the Thai peanut curry with tofu and it had a very rich flavor. Nicely steamed veggies on the side. Classic hole in the wall, although it has a small patio too.great standard Vietnamese food. I had Pho, friend hade a noodle dish. Spring rolls are fabulous!Let me preface this review with the fact that I am a Vietnamese woman from San Jose, CA (aka Little Saigon). Now, I didn't get food here, so the rating is for price, service, and drinks. 
First off, this place is incredibly overpriced. Yes, I get that it's in the French Quarter, but ph and spring rolls cost maybe $1 to make. Maybe. 
Second, why are you making bubble tea with milk?? Stop. Milk tea is different. 
Third, did I see you LICK MY SPOON that you made the milk tea with???? And after I told you I was lactose intolerant, why did you hesitate to make me a new one? (I ended up canceling the order.)
Fourth, it smells funny in there.
Worst Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. And I've been to a lot on my lifetime. C'mon, let's try to represent better than that.This was my first time eating Vietnamese and it did not disappoint.  The Beef Pho was amazing!  Service was quick and prices were affordable.  Loved it!Thought we'd change things up and go for some Pho and Vietnamese food in New Orleans.  We ordered the Combo Pho and Rice and Beef.  The Pho had all the meats including chicken and all was tender and juicy while the broth was rich and tasty.  The Beef and Rice was very good where the beef was seasoned well.  We were surprised to be able to get this type of comfort food in the French Quarter.  Highly recommended!Amazing food! Probably the best Vietnamese food I've ever had. My boyfriend ordered the bowl of vermicelli noodles with beef and I ordered the yellow curry bowl with shrimp. Both were incredibly tasty.Some of the best Vietnamese food we have ever had. 
We shared the summer rolls which were super refreshing and flavorful and I had the best banh mi. My husband got a pho and even though it was over 100 degrees out, ate every bite and finished the broth!If you're looking for an alternative to the heavy traditional New Orleans cuisine, try this restaurant. The food is fabulous, the service is attentive, and the ambience is warm and inviting. We are a party of five, including a 13 year old boy and we were all delighted with our meal. We shared 3 appetizers, vegetable dumplings, pork dumplings, and grilled chicken sliders. Each of us had our own main course: flank steak pho, 2 won ton soups, shrimp curry rice, and egg roll vermicelli. The food is fresh, well-seasoned, delicious, and feels very authentic. The portions are substantial. The prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food.If you're looking for a break from heavy New Orleans cuisine, come here. Cheap, good, and has friendly service.
My sister and I wanted a light snack before our heavy dinner and happened upon Nine Roses. You have the option of sitting outdoors in the most adorable alleyway - do so if the weather permits. 
We shared:
-fried egg rolls ($5 for 2): Good! Filling had good flavor, and the egg roll skin was slightly chewy with a nice crisp. Wrapped in lettuce, topped with picked carrots, and dipped in fish sauce - you have a yourself a good solid snack.
-steamed dumplings ($6 for 6): Dumplings filled with pork and served with a ginger soy vinaigrette - just your average dumpling.
-Gulf shrimp and pork spring rolls ($6 for 2): The spring roll was filled with vermicelli, lettuce, mint, avocado (a first for me), cucumber, and picked carrots. The peanut sauce was pretty good and had a little extra kick with chili mixed in. 
I liked it here. The flavors were authentic (although slightly muted, but that's okay), and it was exactly what we needed - something to satiate our hunger, but not enough to fill us up before dinner. If you happen to find yourself in the area and hankering for a snack, check this place out.This is probably the only pho place in French Quarter.  We ordered two appetizers and they were pretty tasty.  The pork bun and spring rolls was a good change from all the Cajun/Creole food we have been eating.  Surprisingly they have boba here and it was fresh.  It was a little pricy but it was the only place in French Quarter that had it and the boba was cooked perfectly.  The shrimp bun was good but the pho was lacking in flavor.  The broth was a little too plain and the pho noodle itself was kind of clumpy.  If you are in the mood for pho this will satisfy your craving.i've ordered from here all the time, the people that own it are very nice. my favorite thing to get is the curry chicken with veggies, you have a choice of white or brown rice... I have also gotten the Bún and the Banh Mi... Feels like I've gone back to SaigonWho knew we'd eat the best Vietnamese we've ever had while visiting the French Quarter? Service was quick and friendly in this small establishment. We ordered the pork Vermicelli and beef pho. It was the perfect lunch and a break from Cajun.A place in the heart of the French quarter where you can get fresh, healthy food (including vegetarian) for under $10....AND $3 beer?? 
Needless to say, after two days of eating overpriced, heavy, buttery, rich 'traditional New Orleans' food laced with toxic levels of salt, I was beyond thrilled to find Nine Roses. 
They offer the perfect array of Vietnamese & a few others Asian dishes, from a little decadent -- think Crab Rangoon, thick Thai-style curries, and very good steamed pork belly buns, to super healthy -- think brown rice bowls with steamed veggies, lean protein, herbs, and healthy, flavorful sauces; fresh spring rolls, and crisp salads. 
It's simple, yummy, healthy, friendly, and fast.