I came here with my girlfriends and let me tell you, it gets packed fast. We ate oysters for breakfast and it was so worth it. The server that we had memorized all 6 of our complicated customized orders. I was very impressed. Oysters here taste like the fresh ocean. I ordered the oyster po-boy and that deliciousness came out fast. I definitely recommend this place when visiting NOLA.Small restaurant in the casino. 4 stars because there isn't much service. You order at the counter and they deliver the food to you. Busing of the tables were slow as well. However the food we ordered was great! I had the fried oyster platter and it was really good. We also ordered the charbroiled oysters and they were AMAZING!!!!Charbroiled oysters are the bomb.  Don't get 6 get a dozen!!!!  Tastes like cheese pizza.  Then the yummy shrimp and oyster po' boy!Tried oysters for the first time here , DELISH! It's always a line but it's worth the wait. I was on vacation there in January , had an amazing time. Definitely will be back.After raving about how wonderful Acme Oyster House on Iberville St was to our friends, we were very disappointed in the food at the Harrahs location.  We arrived in NOLA mid afternoon on Monday and were just too hungry to wait in the line.  Excited to see that they had another location in Harrahs so we went there.  Very, very disappointed.  My shrimp po boy was one of the worst I've ever had.  If a restaurant is going to have multiple branches, the owners should make sure the food is up to the primary location's standards.My wife and I went there on memorial day weekend to the Acme oyster bar to experience the taste of New Orleans oysters as they were highly recommended by  friends who would been inprior when I tried to order a dozen charbroiled oysters I was told that there was no one available to shuck oysters. Are you kidding me Memorial weekend and nobody available to shuck oysters Also the bartender was a complete beoutch. Totally unfriendly. I rated it one star because nothing worse was available. Want oysters DONT go to Harrahs Acme Oyster Bar. POORWho can say no to oysters when in NOLA? Acme was on my list from the moment I knew I was heading out South so I was excited to find out that they had this location. Located in Harrah's Casino, the vibe of this location is more Las Vegas than NOLA for vibe so if you want the more authentic feel I would go to another spot. 
The line doesn't move as quickly as you would think so if you're coming with a larger group come after 8PM because the line/tables emptied out by then. 
For $20 you can get yourself 1 dozen oysters. I thought the oysters had a yummy herb butter/cheese sauce but they were on the smaller side of the scale so the 1 dozen went by really quickly. The oysters were good but I think the shrimp etouffe was the clear winner of the dishes we had here.Came to Acme 1-3-16. Very cute little oyster bar inside the Casino. It's connected to the Hoodoo Lounge so there's constant music playing and bar patrons. 
I ordered a bowl of Gumbo, one word, AMAZING. I loved it! Flavors were amazing and very tasteful. Only thing, wasn't any crab legs or crab meat in it :( 
Also ordered a side order of Red Beans and Rice, great also!! It had some sort (not sure) of meat in the beans, BOMB. 
I also tried my friends Fried Oysters, OH MY HEAVENS!! Amazing! Best fried oysters I ever tasted, made me jealous I didn't order them :(
The cashier was very nice and attentive and explained the menu and choices to me to where I could finally make a decision as it's hard for me, we all know ;)
Overall great experience, great food and good music. Kudos!Love it! The location was within walking distance to the Jazz festival I attended and the Oysters were served perfectly in my opinion. FANTASTIC serviceIt wasn't an issue considering the full-service bar, but anyway, half of our order took about 15 minutes to get to us. My friend and I both received a free bowl of delicious gumbo for the "inconvenience".
After our order of broiled oysters arrived, I would've waited an hour for them--they were delicious. The atmosphere, staff, food, and drink are top-notch.We waited outside for a hot minute. And was not worth the wait. Server was great. Seafood Etouffe was good Boo Fries decent . Char grilled oysters were a 6 out of 10. Felix's accross the street is better if you know what to order.Stopped in while on vacation and really glad I did. With so many great choices to eat this is a must visit! Had the shrimp and fish poboy and the seafood gumbo. Both had great flavor and very good portions. Very spacious and we were sat immediately, even though the place was packed. Great drinks as well! Was not disappointed and definitely worth another visit!This is the Acme Oyster House Lounge inside Harrahs, basically a casino typical fast food joint with a bar at night. I ordered a half smoked sausage Po'boy and a cup of the Oysters Rockefeller soup. The sandwich was light in saysage and what was there was charred as the pic shows; the soup however was delicious. For my half sandwich, little bowl of soup and Pepsi, I paid $19.25. That's a rip off. To the young girl who took my order and was a sour puss; you work in a service oriented industry suck it up and be a little kinder to your patrons.Best deep fried crab claws I've ever had!!! 
And if you're playing there free drinks!!!The service is extremely slow. The bartender had no interest in serving a drink to me or a young lady also waiting at the bar. Instead she played with her computer for a few minutes while joking with the three regulars at the end of the bar. Afterward she served them each a refill and then prepared a drink and took it out on the casino floor. I gave up then. She did all of this while never even looking down in our direction, even as she walked right by to take the drinks to the floor.A friend of mine shot me a text saying I had to eat at Acme Oyster House since she knew I was in the Big Easy. Of course I looked it and found the other location in the French Quarter. The line was out the door. No thanks. I parked my car at Harrahs and found this location. It was meant to be I suppose.
I kind of figured that no matter what, this location would be a little subpar to whatever was going on at the other location since this was inside of the casino, but I figured I'd still give it a try.
I ordered a lot because I wanted to really see if I liked it here. For starters I got the half Po-boy with fries and a side of coleslaw. The sandwich only comes with one side so the slaw was extra. Then I ordered six charbroiled oysters, because this was the main reason I was to come here.
The service was alright. One girl working the register and one cook. The poor girl was ringing people up and delivering food as well which delayed things.
I sat down and waited for my food. First came the Po-boy. The half was huge. It looked more like a whole to me, and thank goodness I didn't order the whole because it would have been entirely too much food. The fries and slaw were great, but I didn't love the Po-Boy. It was ok, but just that- ok.
I was finished with my meal and still didn't have my oysters and finally they arrived. Wow. Now looking back on it, I should have just ordered these. The oysters were amazing; cheese and lemon- yum! They were absolutely delicious. They were hot and still bubbling when they arrived and I ravaged the plate.
Next time I'm in town I want to go to the real location and order the same thing to see how the real place stacks up against this version. I'm sure it's even better.The customer service was great.  
Our food was ordered, we had the oyster and shrimp platter which arrived quickly at our table, hot and seasoned with great flavor!Not much better than McDonnald's for service & atmosphere. Way overpriced and less that mediocre food! Don't waste a meal here when there are so many better places that are much more reasonable in price!I just finished eating a bowl of chicken gumbo. I will give credit where credit is due. The gumbo was very good. I have two issues. Size of portions at different locations and terrible service. As you can see from my picture a bowl of gumbo at Harrahs on Canal is sized different than a bowl at the Iberville location. Not sure why? Next the young lady that served our food was flat out rude!!! She put our food down walked away without saying anything. Not sure what is up with her but it is now 11:25 you can see the time of my ticket and she has not come back to us once. Terrible service will keep me away from Acme !!The food was good and the line was short compared to French Quarter. The management and service need help! Watched a staff, manager, and customer almost get in a fight over bad service no less. Scary!Food is ok at best but...what makes this place stand out is the b@&ch at the counter taking the orders and delivering our food she is a special kind of stupidity, after getting attitude when ordering I asked for horseradish her reply was great she said"why" I replied "for the oysters" and again in all her glory said in a beautiful moment of  ignorance with a wonderful expression of middle distance on her face said
 "uuuuh no" ...please run fom this place and save your self..Bomb ass Oysters! A must place to visit whenever I come to New Orleans.  Raw oysters are very tastey, but you must have the charbroiled Oysters. They are amazing!! It's all about the Oysters at this spot! Be ready to wait in line, definitely worth the wait though. ...Salty & terrible chargrilled oysters. Waste of $$! go to Drago's at the HiltonDISCLAIMER: I've never been to the Acme on Iberville, So I don't have anything to compare this to. I was staying right next to it & it was definitely on my list of places to get to but they had a long line one morning so I never went. Imagine my surprise when I saw an ACME in the casino later that night. 
I can't say if it was better or worse than the Iberville location but it was pretty damn good. The ambience was perfect for what we were there for (sports bar vibe more than fast food - but better food than most if not all sports bars I've been to). Food came out quick for me, didn't experience some of the things I read in the reviews after I ate there.  
I order the sampler.. jambalaya, gumbo, red beans and rice were all FIRE! Not afraid to use seasoning, felt like I was eating at home.
I would recommend this place for the sampler at least, and I would stop by again if I'm in the casino. However, I think next time I'll give the Iberville appt a shot.Coming from New York, I had heard so much about Acme. In fact I was told this was THE place to come to.  The restaurant actually out did my expectations! It's small and quaint but the flavor experience will blow your mind! We ordered the grilled oysters (get the dozen - don't do the half it won't be enough), the seafood platter, seafood gumbo and topped it off with Banana Foster cheesecake.  Everything was amazing we will definitely come here againTHE black lady who takes your order very unfriendly and food sucks. Will not come back.  Table was dirty and had to clean it myself.On vacation for essence fest I kept seeing Instagram pics of char grilled oysters and people raving about them. Early Fourth of July morning I decided to wake up early, leave the hotel and venture off for oysters. is ordered a 1/2 dozen to be safe and a bowl of gumbo. My sister decided to sample one and then she kept eating them. They tasted like heaven. so good. We just told the waitress to make it a dozen. Next time I know I need my own dozen. I highly recommend but I am trying drago's next to see what all the hype is.Came to Harrahs after walkimg about the French Quarter.  As I was debating what to eat for late lunch, I stumbled upon the ACME Oyster House menu. You order and pay at counter, take a number and your food is brought to your table.  Its open seating in the bar area on high tops.
The atmosphere in seating area is sports bar vibe with TVs and music thumping. 
I ordered the sizzling charbroiled oysters in herb butter sauce, topped with a blend of cheeses. It was excellent!This was our first stop upon arrival in New Orleans.   We were seated at the bar and the man behind the bar shucking oysters greeted us.   He suggested we try the local seasonal beer, Abita Strawberry.  It was very refreshing.  We ordered the grilled oysters, fried oyster platter, and the Étouffée with fried crawfish tails.  The étouffée and the fried oysters were very good, but the chargrilled oysters were outstanding, huge and juicy.  Can't wait to go back for the Boo Boo fried.With so many restaurants and so little time during a weekend getaway to New Orleans (9/16 - 9/18) we had to fit in some po'boys. Staying at the Doubletree Hotel, Acme at Harrah's was a convenient location to try.
We had a filling, late lunch at Johnny Sanchez so decided to have a half po'boy and cup of gumbo each. I had the fried shrimp and seafood gumbo. About 4-5 crispy shrimp were on the fresh, crusty bread with lettuce, tomato, and dressing. The gumbo was a warm and delicious soup with plenty of seafood over fluffy white rice. My husband had the roast beef po'boy with chicken & andouille gumbo. Even though I wanted my seafood meal, his was just as good. 
I can't speak for other locations, but here you order at a counter, seat yourself, and the food is brought to you. The location off the gaming floor in the casino has lots of high top tables and several booths with lots of televisions which were tuned to college game day football.
For a casino restaurant meal, I thought it was pretty good.I like the food here. had to wait in line but this place was recommended.  had the sampler with soft shell crab and dozen oysters. no complaints from this guy.    Oysters were fresh and excellent, and enjoyed trying their gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice.  definitely a tourist place but being a tourist myself, this place was worth a trip. (Correction: THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ACME NEAR THE BURBOUN ST AND NOT FOR HARRAH'SWhy no char-grilled oysters or raw ones?! This is what the restaurant is known for so why not have their signature food?! DISAPPOINTED. No point of going here....sigh.Wow. What a disappointment. Acme should be ashamed of putting their name on this food at Harrahs. I have had better gumbo and red beans from a grocery store and was served in the same plastic bowls.If you don't want to wait in line, just go to this one at the Casino.  We almost waited for the hour long line at the ACME off bourbon street but came here.We arrived late to our hotel and area restaurants were closing by 10 pm. We ducked into the casino and found the Acme Oyster House. We had the chicken/andouille gumbo, fresh oysters and a shrimp Po-boy. The food was hot, tasted great and arrived quickly. We were very pleased.I never knew there was an Acme in the casino. I wonder how long has this been in here?I've only been to the one on Veterans and on the Lake but I'm not sure if that one is still there. My brother claims Acme has better charbroiled oysters than Drago's so I'm only here for a taste test then back across the street. We decided to get a 1/2 dozen. The charbroiled oysters here are . I had one and let my bro eat the rest. Let me add---we did eat at Drago's later that night and even my brother admitted, the oysters were 10x better at Drago's. Let me add, I am only talking about charbroiled oysters. If you want raw oysters then Acme is the place to go; the best in the city to me. However, if you want charbroiled oysters then Drago's is the place to go.
Sincerely,
A former residentBelieve me this is a place you want to try when in New Orleans. I've been drooling over their pictures for so long. I finally got to try them and I'm hooked. Went during Essence Festival and the line was long for the French Quarter location. Went to the casino and lucked up. They were out of crawfish hush puppies so I'll have to go back soon. Had the chargrilled oysters for the first time and loved them. The catfish is good and so is the bread pudding. This is a great value and delicious food. This is a place that will be a regular stop on my food tour through New Orleans.Looooong line.....waited anyway ...EVERYTHING OFFICIAL ...Grilled oysters are the BOMB!!! Bar atmosphere and very tight but worth the experience...Just go and you'll seeThis is their fast food version located inside the Harrah's casino.  Quick and easy.  My fried oysters and fries platter were darned good, but I was surprised how good the combo plate of red beans and rice with sausage, gumbo, and jambalaya was at this location.  I also enjoyed the bread pudding.  
Unfortunately, no charbroiled oysters at this location.Friendly service and fast. I've never tried étouffée and thought if I should have it anywhere it would be here. It was great. Small portion was plenty. Loaded with seafood! Good boom boom shrimp appetizer as well! Only downside is if you want oysters, they don't have them at this location.Super crazy busy place! The oysters came out well after our meals and they were ordered first. Our server was awesome and very apologetic. They were worth the wait! Cold and fresh. A must visit place when you are in New Orleans.stopped in to kill some time before a meeting.. first turn off was the bar was closed in the restaurant portion so I had to go to a different bar to order my drink from the food.. Ordered the deep fried crab claws and they had that old refrigerator taste.. I tried a few then peeled the breeding off and smelled it to find a definite metallic scent rather than the sweet crab claw smell you would expect.. I took them back to the counter and they said they were just fine.. lol.. ok ? So I live in new orleans and have eaten plenty of crab claws but I guess I'm mistaken.. no offer of substitution or refund (95% of the bowl returned uneaten) 
They also exhibited all the classic signs of poor service, clerk was on the phone or away from her station most of the time.. Her phone call was hardly interrupted by my order..  Lot of better options in or around Harrahs..Ordered the shrimp salad.  Asked the server for ranch dressing and returned with a half used container of blue cheese dressing.  Totally gross.  My friend ordered raw oysters an was told there is a wait of 30 minutes so they can defrost.  The woman taking the order was also clearing the tables.  A hard worker.No raw oysters or char-grilled oysters.  But it's not crowded and the gumbo poopa is just as good as at the regular location.Being a long time Acme Oyster House customer I can honestly say that this place needs to be closed. It does not deserve to carry the Acme name. 
The po-boy tasted as if it had been frozen just prior to it being served to me. In addition, the gumbo while nice and hot tasted nothing like the bowl I had earlier at the original Acme. 
If you are up late and crave something taste, go to McDonalds.They run out of food... example: fish and bread.. no apology or adjustments. Overpriced and Small oysters too.. save your time and go to the main one. I get late night eats are not the same, but this was just a sad experience.The service is the ABSOLUTE worst! I went to Acme Harrah's at 1:50am and the lady at the counter was dancing, cleaning, and didn't even acknowledge my presence. After about 5 minutes, I had to ask her were they closed. "I need to check and see if they are still taking orders"... mind you, they close at 3:00am. She then states the system is down and had been down for 10 minutes. I waited for an additional 15 minutes hoping my craving for oysters and a Peacemaker would be fulfilled. After waiting, she asked me what I wanted to order... she then stated they were out of oysters and did not have the "supplies" to make a peacemaker. She stated she was glad the system went down because they "were running out of everything ". 
I came back the following day around noon. The manager takes my order. I asked for Chargrilled Oysters and she responds "we aren't doing those right now". By this time I am annoyed. I tell her about my experience the night before and her response to me was "so you want me to write them up, because they were lying. How do I have the supplies to make a peacemaker this morning and they didn't". Never mind the fact I wanting freaking oysters and it's on the menu during business hours. All in all, avoid yourself the frustration of dealing with this location and just stand in line at the main French Quarter location. You've been warned...These fresh little bottom feeders are good after all.
Enter the pearly gates to this Oyster paradise...even if you have to wait outside for an hour. Don't trip, send a friend across the street to get you your favorite beverage. Must gets are the Charbroiled Oysters, the Boo Fries, and the Raw Oysters. If you are feeling daring, order up a round of the oyster shots for you and your friends, have a chaser ready. The fresh Charbroiled Oysters are covered in parmesan and come sizzling to your table. The Boo fries are covered in a meaty beef sauce and cheese, seriously good. I ate these appetizers and left to get main entrees elsewhere although I might try their cajon entrees next time I visit. Even if you have never enjoyed a slimey oyster, you should still check this place out. Your wife of girlfriend will be glad you did....CHAAAAAW. Calm down super freak.0 stars. Horrible service and understaffed. We ordered a dozen and a half oysters (already paid) and were short 2 oysters. We politely told the waitress, waited for over 30 minute while everyone else got their food, politely asked again, waited another 15 min, and asked again. When another table got their oysters, we decided to ask for a refund, only to get attitude from the staff. We got our refund but had an unpleasant exchange when we were asked to hand over our receipt to confirm the time of our order. Super frustrating and a waste of time. Don't come here, just go to the Acme in the French Quarter.We tried the one in Harrah's after being unsuccessful in the French Quarters.  The line outside was just too long. I ordered the seafood gumbo and from the first sip knew it was not for me.  Why do they say seafood when it is mostly rue and rice.  It was terrible and very....very bland.  Coop's Place in the Quarter's still gets my vote.  My husband had a fish po boy which he stated was so...so.  No worries I can take this off the list as a "won't come back"Acme was one of the places on my list for NOLA when we came to visit for a conference. We didn't have much time for foodie adventures due to work and social obligations. However, the fiance wanted to perfect his blackjack skills and I saw the little sign and decided to get a snack. 
I got a half dozen of their grilled oysters. This place is about 10-20% more expensive than the Acme Oyster House down the road. The cheese and butter that they put on these oysters just made my day. I usually go for raw oysters but I would choose these grilled oysters in a heartbeat. 
Funny story. My fiance liked the grilled oysters so much that I was able to convince him to make a quick trip over to the "real" location before our flight. When we were there they said that the location in Harrahs wasn't actually affiliated with Acme Oyster House??? I'm not sure how that works given that all the branding and food items are exactly the same.Go to any other location than this one, unless you're looking for a McDonald's experience. Wait! That may be doing a disservice to McDonald's. These folks just don't give a damn about anything...food quality, service, etc. Awful experience!The Chxn gumbo is amazing! It's a mix of gumbo and a mole consistency and is thicker than some others and just enough hot spice. Loved it so much went back next day and got two for lunch and two for the road. Po boys were good, but gumbo was it!Placed a takeout menu- brought it home And devoured it in minutes. The oyster po-boy, so clean and on point! The sandwich didnt become a mess when eating it so they wrapped it real good. Amazing food, although they charged a dollar for each entree (better than paying tip) so it was worth it.I was quiet surprised by this place. We ordered they oyster shooters to start off our trip - came out at room temperature- definitely ask for chilled vodka. We opted for the Peace Maker po-boy, the sampler(red beans, seafood gumbo, jambalaya) and the chargrilled oysters. The peace maker was good - but then again anything fried is good. The sampler was unimpressive and the chargrilled oysters still had bits of sand and brine and showed up to our table after we finished eating our dinner. We were here 10 years ago or so, definitely wasn't as fond of a memory this time around.The Chargrilled oysters over butter and special blend of parmesan cheeses were tasty.  It is a must.  Fried crawfish tails were crispy.  The New Orleans medley provided an opportunity to taste gumbo, jambalaya, red beans & rice and grilled smoked sausage.  The shrimp & fish were good. The fish was fried just right while the inside stayed moist. The Seafood Etouffee was very good.  Service was fast and friendly.  Wait time for us was 20 minutes.At the recommendation of a coworker,  I wanted to try grilled oysters for the first time.  As we got ready to order,  there was a sign that said cash only.  Thankfully someone in my group had cash for me to borrow since I had none.  Between the 3 of us,  we got a dozen grilled oysters,  shrimp plate,  & catfish plate.  
The grilled oysters were really good.  I'd definitely get them again.  They had a parmesan cheese & butter taste.  The shrimp & catfish were also good.I'm usually lit by the time I stumble in here. I always remember it as exceptional. This time I was completely sober. Still better than average oyster po boys but I'm guessing I was less excited when I realized I had been paying $17 per sandwich all this time. Definitely much better food and better deals in New Orleans. I know I'll be back here anyway lol.Was expecting the hype but maybe bc it was in a casino and not on the main strip but it was subpar.  Won't be returning.  And the staff weren't happy or friendly.   Only ordered the bread pudding bc it just seem inviting.  Didn't take a picture of it be it wasn't anything worth taking a picture. :(. Maybe we should've braved the long lines at the other locations.I was so excited about the possibilities of this restaurant. It was close to my hotel and I wanted to go more than once. This location is in the back of of the casino in a sectioned off area in front of one of the bars. When I noticed the cook with a visible attitude, I should have bolted to the closest door. Instead, I ordered an oyster platter, fries, coleslaw, red beans/rice and seafood gumbo. All of the food arrived to the table cold. I watched as it sat in the window. The cashier was too busy and did I mention the cook had an attitude? My oysters were chewy and tasted as if they were fried earlier in the day, the gumbo was tasteless until I added hot sauce. The other items were just okay but not good enough for me to return.We were in NOLA and the ONLY reason we selected this restaurant was because there was a long line to get in.   Kind of silly to choose a place with a long wait but my experience has been people wait in long lines like that  because the food is good, the portions are large, its cheap or all of the above.   
We had a good time chatting and waiting in the line so it did not feel too long but I love that they have a person come out to the line to get your name so you know they are working on having your table ready.  Also, I KNOW what I am about to say is a nit. You might call it petty to even mention it.  Okay I will accept that BUT I drink a lot of seltzer water.  So I had in my hand, in the line a Peach flavored Perrier water.  It was hot and all you do in the French quarter is walk so I purchased it at a convenience store for $4.00.  Tourist trap over priced seltzer.  Acme would not allow me to being it into the restaurant even when I offered to close it and put it in my purse.  We had to toss it and I was not all that upset about it, but do wonder why.  
My youngest son introduced me and his brother to oysters so we are newbies.  The previous night we had AMAZING oysters at another restaurant so we are so ready to try them again at Acme. Now we didn't know how to eat them or what to expect.  I am sure we looked goofy but we are a family who enjoys laughing at ourselves.  If others want to join in on the fun...why not!  Goofy can be good.  So my you g men ordered a dozen grilled oysters. 
Well this place had Fried oysters appetizers.  Fried you say? I had to have them #whatdiet?  I ordered a crab cake platter and we also ordered some gumbo and we basically shared all of it.  
Everything was good but those fried Oysters just melt in your mouth.  I cannot stop thinking about them.  I am being haunted by the experience.
 So now that I am back in Raleigh, I am dragging my husband all over town ordering oysters just praying I find something even close to being that good. 
Acme has a old school burger joint feel to it.  Tables are close together but just enough room to be comfortable.  It is larger than it appears from the front. Service was fast and very friendly and yes it is worth it to stand in line and toss your Perrier lol.  I AM going back the next time I am in NOLA.  All of the other food was good too and the crab cakes are huge which is rare and very good.Visiting New Orleans? Acme is a must on your eating itinerary.  Since this is our third trip to NOLA some restaurants are hard not to come back to.  Just real good food.  Most places are gonna be real good.  This is what makes New Orleans a place to be, the most delicious food you'll find in the world.  I mean that!!!!  Acme has different locations but be prepared to wait in a long line in the French Quarter.  This Acme just happens to be in a Harah's Casino which makes it convenient for us our hotel is across the street.  There is no long lines and even with a limited menu it's still delicious and good.  I would highly recommend Seafood Gumbo and Jambalaya.   Hard to keep up with yelping all check ins but this is definitely one on the books.  The prices are good and service, well mostly everyone is amazingly friendly.  It makes the visit more pleasant. Friendly service goes a long way.  Eat well my friends.So my buddy flew in last night around 11pm and he was excited to get oysters. Only place I could find was acme inside the casino. Go there and order and they wouldn't do oysters that late. Super bummed. So ordered the boom boom shrimp and I think they just use breaded shrimp from Walmart or something. Was not good at all. Bartender there kept yelling and kinda rude. Not gonna eat there again.First came for convenience during my business-related stay. Needed a quick place to grab some food without the walk further into french quarter. Ended up eating here four times and at worst, matched up with most other places I ate while in New Orleans. Great gumbo, Jambalaya, Red Beans and Rice, Po boy was decent, but the fried oyster platter was outstanding. Some of the best slaw ive had too.I often break down the good, bad and ugly of a place but I can't find anything remotely nice to eat about this place. It is revoltingly dirty (bordering on filthy) with rude staff and terrible (as in - nearly inedible) food. 
Literally: while we were waiting for the sullen and volatile server to throw our food on the table (also literally), we saw three groups walk out and another patron get cursed out by the cashier for "ordering sh*t so close to closing". 
I understand that the point of having a restaurant in a casino is to keep people inside and gambling but I'm shocked that Acme Oyster House would attach their name to such a place given their reputation in NOLA. They need to truly rethink this partnership.not the same acme as on iberville st. Ordered the combination seafood platter. Only got one fish fillet. The iberville location gives 2 fillets. Also, this location doesn't let you choose a side dish. They choose for you : cole slaw. The iberville location lets you choose any side dish. harrahs location is a franchise. They also charge $1 for drink refills. Could use additional server.  Counterperson was also the server.Bar seat watching them shusk the oysters was the best seating the house! Worth the wait for chargrilled oystersI had such a lovely experience with the Chargrilled Oysters at the Iberville location of Acme Oyster House, that I decided to try the one inside of Harrah's Casino despite the lower reviews at this location. I figured why not have some yummy oysters and a drink while my hubby plays a hand or two! I shouldn't have. The service was poor (but I let that go, since they are not staffed like a larger location). I was however excited when I saw that the dozen chargrilled oysters were piping hot, but as I ate each one, I had leftover grainy sand in my mouth. Also, the shells were overly charred, so my fingertips were black after the meal. The one saving grace was that the bartender at the VooDoo bar in the same seating area was nice and attentive. Too bad he wasn't an actual employee of Acme House ‍.Worst food I've ever had. The shrimp tasted bad as well as our oysters. Our hush puppies came out burnt, completely black. We didn't eat our food so When I asked to speak to the manager he gave me the run around and avoided to speak to me. Once I finally did and explained to him POLITELY that we simply wanted a refund for our food, because it tasted horrible and we hadn't eaten it he was rude, and Condescending. He tried to say that it was supposed to taste that way. Shrimp and oysters shouldn't taste rancid. He finally gave me a refund but was rude about it. He didn't want to give me a copy of my receipt. I had to take a picture of my original receipt and finally the new one he gave me that didn't show a refund but just that he charged me for my soda. Extremely bad service and petty. Never returning and I would suggest you don't waste your time with the horrible rancid burnt food and EXTREMELY RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL SERVICE.This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. Bad service, bad food and bad atmosphere! The cashier told me I was going to have to wait a long time for my food like I was going to cancel if she told me that. Then got fish with batter that was not cooked thoroughly. I was with 9 other people and all our orders were messed up. They ended up refunded all of our money back. Don't waster your time with this place. 
O' and the drinks.... we had to take them back to the bartender and have her make them over.No lie y'all please don't waste your money on the oysters. Horrible!! Over priced & just plain & simple not worth it. The sweet tea was amazing to be honest lol. $15.99 for half dozen chargrilled oysters. Once I was being stupid but not again. I will take my business to the Metairie location. 1 star is for the sweet tea.We had the etouffe...it was one of the best things I ate on my trip!! We also ordered a dozen chargrilled oysters...very rich and a bit more cheese than I normally like but still good!I was pretty excited for this place because of the amazing reviews. The long line was not an issue for us because we thought it would be worth the wait. 
Food was ok. The char-grilled oysters were gritty and I had to continuously remove pieces of shell out of my mouth. I got the soft shelled crab po-boy and my friend got the shrimp po-boy. Both were dry and almost too salty. 
The server seemed to be annoyed and not pleasant at all. I am glad I tried it, but I will never be back here or recommend it to anyone. After having had dinner at Peche the night before, this place was totally not worth the hype.So disappointed! Go seafood gumbo in a cup since I've never had it before. There was literally nothing but rice and some kind of brown sauce- no seafood. 
When the waitress came around asking how everything was, I told her about the cup of gumbo. She said, "let me speak to the manager". So, she comes right back and says, since you only bought a cup and it's so small there's not going to be a lot of seafood or meat...well then why the heck do you sell it? What a rip off! Paid $5.79 for dirty white riceI couldn't get to the location in the French quarter but the counter at Harrah's was not crowded and hopefully had similar quality as the restaurant. The po-boy was a huge sandwich and it was flakey and a good consistency. Really loved it!Nothing like the other Acme's. Extremely limited menu. You order at the counter. My food was served cold. I sent it back and they literally microwaved my plate.Delicious! Must try when in NOLA! Highly recommend the Charbroiled Oysters as they will tell you when you're welcomed in.I've heard about the long waits for the other Acme Oyster House locations so I was super excited there were no lines for this one. I already had raw oysters at a different restaurant during my trip so I wanted to try Acme's chargrilled ones. The oysters were a little small and had A LOT of garlic. Might be a good dish right before any vampire tours ;) Will stick to raw oysters going forward.
We also ordered the Boo Fries which are fries topped with roast beef gravy and cheese. I actually really enjoyed this... I LOVE fries! I didn't really taste the roast beef flavor in the gravy though. The Chicken & Andouille Gumbo was pretty decent. It was a nice break from all the seafood we've been eating.Sort of a theme restaurant - If you like going to the planet hollywood/hard rock cafe of oysters, then this is your place!!
Upscale and Fun.This place has to be the best restaurant in all of New Orleans . I recommend this place hands down! And remember to order those grilled Oysters