I just tried Alma's pop up at Roux Carre, and was super impressed! I had a burrata and tomato salad that would have been at home in any of the fancy restaurants in town. But it was only $8! The presentation was also surprisingly beautiful for it being in a to-go box. It was a nice midweek pick-me-up because I definitely felt like I was treating myself. I'll definitely be back to sample more of the menu!Literally one of my favorites in all of Nola. Everything I've had has been perfect. The flavors, textures, all of it.   Totally addicted.   You will not be disappointed!Alma seems to be doing everything right so far and I'm here for it. I've swooped in for a drink and I've sat down for lunch - both experiences were on point. Happy to have a spot like this in the neighborhood and I hope people give this spot a shot!On a whim we decided to try breakfast at Alma this morning. Boy am I glad we did; this is truly a Bywater gem and holds its own with restaurants costing several times as much.
Despite arriving just before noon today, we were seated within ten minutes. Our waiter was fantastic--water glasses were kept topped up, and he seemed to make appearances at all the right times.
I had the American breakfast (yes, I know it was a cop-out and I should have been more daring), and it was executed masterfully. My scrambled eggs were light and fluffy. The potatoes were a savory meal unto themselves. And the pancakes were some of the best I've ever had.
My wife had the Alma breakfast, and she hammered back everything except the dinner plate itself. Judging by the grin on her face, it was every bit as delicious as my meal.
We will be back, unquestionably.Wow. The spot was amazing! Apparently they've only been open for about two months. The restaurant is decorated exceptionally well. I loved all of the beautiful tile work and antique lighting fixtures. It was so clean and bright. John, our waiter was spectacular and gave great recommendations. The coffee was absolutely fantastic, the lattes were delicious as well. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious and the pancakes were to die for. I would 100% eat here again, in fact I would eat here right now if I was in town.Delicious food! Sweet service! One of our first post quarantine restaurant outings and we felt very safe. Sliders-amazing! Wagyu and eggs were perfect. We will be back!The service here was so great. The atmosphere was cool and clean. The food was excellent excellent: fresh ingredients with interesting flavors. Highly recommend.Great food! My gosh, what a pleasant surprise! We truly appreciated our starter, our main entrees and dessert. The drinks are to die for! Super delish. We recommend.This place is a must go, the Bloody Mary is one of the best I've ever had. Renee was absolutely amazing server and the atmosphere is one that you just fall in love with. Now the food, the food, it is one if not the best cafe food I have ever had in the southern states. Highly recommend this place. Just get here early so they don't run out of there famous biscuits!Probably the best brunch I have ever had. The food was made with fresh organic ingredients, the variety was great, presentation was beautiful. Compliments to the chef Melissa for a great time!Very excited to have a new breakfast and lunch spot to get my Latin cravings met.
Alma is posh yet very cozy, staff is friendly and very attentive and the food is divine.
I went in for lunch and settled on three selections from their small plates offerings.
The Empanadas de Carne are a savory blend of spices and beef wrapped is  cloud like pastry that adds a touch is sweetness to the dish, can't recommend enough.
The Chicharrones are  x 3!!! Fatty, crunchy and meaty and the portion is more than enough for two people. I recommend getting a side of the cabbage and some limes ;-) 
I wrapped things up with the Cri Cri sliders packed with flavor and wonderfully grilled.
Growing up drinking aguas I had to order the Tamarindo and I could drown in it that's how good and refreshing it was.
Will def return with friends and family to try some of their other dishes especially the Ceviche.Ate here yesterday for Sunday brunch and it was delicious! Also way to eat gluten free here and they offered gluten free pastry that wasn't on the menu. Definitely recommend!I wanted to love this cafe because it's in our neighborhood and am happy to have a new restaurant but unfortunately , it sucked. The service was terrible - we waited for 30 mins for someone to bring us a menu. After which he just wasn't really friendly. The food was mediocre. There are so many great restaurants here with friendly and kind people that there doesn't seem to be a reason to return. Too bad.Five stars for the  Moros y Cristianos.  
Five stars for the Brussels Sprouts.
One star for the Pollo Chuco.
Four to five stars for the banana chips with pickled red onions and red sauce.
Zero stars for the wait time and due to the wait time, one star for the service.
Remove the unacceptable wait time, and overall the experience was 3.5 to 4 stars.
The ambiance was great.  Our server was friendly.  
We waited about 45 - 50 minutes before our appetizers were brought out, and another 5 - 10 minutes before the other food was brought out.  Our server indicated that the restaurant was not prepared for the number of customers, which is understandable during these times. and due to the fact that the weather today is absolutely beautiful and people want to get outside. 
My fried chicken dish (reportedly a fried chicken thigh with various other things...described as a "dirty fried chicken") had far too much batter in relation to the amount of chicken meat and was overcooked to the point that the cooked batter was black in spots and the chicken had hints of an overcooked, burned flavor.  The dish was underwhelming.  
The other items were very good.  
We may return one more time, but if the wait time is equally long, it will be our last time.  Seemed to take the girl cleaning bottles behind the bar about 30 minutes to realize that she could assist our server with the other tables that he had.This place is phenomenal! I ordered take out from here and everything was amazing! I can't wait to try it again. On a whim I added a pastry to the order and I have to say that it was probably the best croissant that I had in years. The staff was awesome too, I was only in there for a short while picking up my order but they were knowledgeable and really kind.Amazing Restaurant! Amazing Atmosphere! Amazing Owner! Amazing Food! Great place to dine! Central American food (Honduran). No offense to all the other countries but Honduran have the best food and you will say the same when you go and give Alma Cafe a try. From the coffee, food, drinks, employees you will love it! Love that the owner interacts with customers! I go at least twice a week by far my favorite restaurant! So what are you waiting for go give Alma cafe a try!This place is DELICIOUS! Everything was so flavorful. Even the pancakes had depth of flavor. The staff was also very kind and accommodating. We had to wait for about 40 minutes, but the host sent us a complimentary pastry to apologize for our wait which was so kind! We didn't even mind the wait because everything was so yummy! I'll definitely be back!Alma Cafe is a lovely spot in the Bywater for breakfast or lunch. They have nice indoor and outdoor seating. I ordered a chai latte and the cric cric sliders. The restaurant was lively for weekday lunch and the staff were very friendly. My chai latte was very good. The sliders were good, but pretty generic. The menu described them as "mini Honduran burgers" but they were just regular sliders with cheese, lettuce, and onions. The plantain chips on the side were excellent and I wish the chips had come with a dipping sauce. I think Alma Cafe is a great addition to the Bywater area, but I would not go there expecting to have much Honduran food. The menu mostly consists of modern, upscale brunch food with uniquely named dishes to make them seem more "Honduran" than they actually are.This is my new favorite neighborhood breakfast spot.  Best baleadas in town.  Great spot to hang out and people watch on a shaded patio.  Melissa the owner is lovely and talented.A great breakfast in a beautiful restaurant. The decor is great laid back vibe. 
Avocado toast was great creamy with dill tomato and diced cucumbers. 
Huevos rancheros was good a bit different than I'm used to. I was kinda soupy with black bean but still delicious. 
The  blue berry ricotta pancakes were great fluffy and delicious. 
Only complaint is the extra charges they don't tell you about they charge for regular coffee refills and the hot sauce the make in house the charge 2.50 for about 1oz. Not a big deal if they would have let me know.Spectacular. Fantastic. An experience. A treat. A destination. The Arco iris pancakes are a must have. Blueberry heaven. The pack-cake batter is rich, flavorful, sweet and crispy, doughy but not overdone. Simply sublime. And the rosemary sprinkled on top is a perfect complement to a creamy, buttery, whipped cream, fluffy fancy white stuff that sits on top of the pancakes. What is it? I don't know. But it's great. Alma, dont change a thing. The alma breakfast refried beans, cooked in what tastes like bacon grease, are possibly the best refried beans I've ever touched. Maybe you think I'm exaggerating. Maybe I am. Who am I? Nobody. If you don't trust me trust yourself. Try them.The Louisa Toast and pineapple agua fresca are outstanding. Tons of lump crab and flavor on the toast and the agua frescas are made fresh daily. I had my dog with me, so we sat outside, but the inside looked gorgeous from what I could see.We went to Alma on what was a very off day for them, they had just gotten busy post COVID and to be honest, it was terrible. We waited for 1.5 h after being quoted at 30 minutes almost solely because the host continued to literally give away tables to people who yelled at him. It was hard to convince my boyfriend to try it again, and I'm so happy I did. The food is truly so good and such a great cultural addition to the food scene. I've never seen a bar menu, they should advertise this aspect more because the drinks that the waiter recommended after we asked were delicious (rum horchata was incredible). I think they're still going through some growing pains, but I'm excited for this spot in the neighborhood.Oh my gosh! This place was so good. If you're craving tacos but it's brunch time, please go here! It's a great mix of both. Brunch with Honduran flavors. We started with the celebration of tomatoes -- don't miss out on this one! So good + refreshing. We love burrata! I also had the cafe con leche. Just an average hot latte -- I would get it again. Not too sweet! Then I had the pupusas. Reminded me of a tamale. The masa was so good. I'll dream about it later. I wish they put more onions, coleslaw, and veggies though. The red sauce that came with it wasn't spicy at all! I also got the Spanish migas and was underwhelmed after having the tomatoes and pupusas. It's just a plain ole potatoes and scrambled eggs. I would come back to try the other things like pork belly salad, pollo unchuco, or even the Campechano! Props to Megan for being such a sweet waitress. Her input was invaluable and bedside manner was impeccable.My review on Alma will be a little biased because I've had the pleasure to experience Melissa and her food during her time as a caterer; so when I saw that she was opening a restaurant I already knew the vibes would be dope, and the food would be amazing! I went for breakfast and the food along with the service for sure surpassed my expectations. All I'm going to say is go and try it for yourself, I promise you won't be disappointed.My favorite thing during this pandemic is outside seating and they have it! They have one table tucked off to the side all by itself and that's the one I was able to grab. Our server was very sweet and explained happily things on the menu and recommended certain things. 
I really enjoyed my lemon ricotta pancakes (their pancakes are really sweet but not in a bad way they have a great flavor even without toppings). The green onion chorizo was SO yummy. Be warned though that you get one tiny patti for like $5... I was def disappointed about that! The crispy potatoes were also so so good!
I wouldn't rush back to them but they are worth a try and I would recommend them!Visiting family while in town. Decided to venture out for breakfast. We found Alma near by with great reviews. We had the opportunity to meet owner/chef . She came by the table for some small talk and introduced herself. 
Accommodation for Covid19 are in place. One place to check out.Went here for brunch since the reviews were good. But left here disappointed. The service was not great, since the place is small, loud, and busy they barely came by to check on my group and I. The Avocado toast was nothing special. Lacks flavor, needed seasoning. As for the burger, it was OKAY. Another thing that lacked flavor. Didn't help that my burger was also cold when it was brought out. They also ran out of bread so they just used the toast. Definitely a place that's not worth the 1 hour wait, way too overhyped for basic food.Beautiful Restaurant
Great food 
Amazing Staff
Indoor/ Outdoor seating 
Order and pickup to go
Affordable- Fresh and sustainable 
I really enjoyed my dining experience. Chef Melissa came out to check on everyone and thank them.
Great addition to the BywaterReally nice staff and great flavors. This will be a killer place when they get their kitchen speed to ticket ratio worked out. We got takeout, and the place was mostly full. We ordered a baleada with pork and the huevos rancheros. 
It was a long wait, but they were clearly hustling with lots of take out orders- one staff member even ran halfway down the street in a mask to give something to a customer. Strong service. The same person made me a coffee with the horchata de cacahuate. It was really a delight- and I don't drink coffee. 
When we got home we discovered that the baleada had really beautifully done brisket instead of pork. I think the ranchero sauce was tasty but so mixed with the black beans it was hard to pin it down. The highlight was the fried tortilla under the egg. 
We'll likely return to try some other items but, as some other posters have stated, will wait to do so. Price point is what you would expect from that location- slightly painful. 
All in all, it's a cool and spirit-nurturing concept, with good flavors that needs a little work.Portions were great! 
Redfish tacos were locally sourced and delicious! 
Avocado toast was fresh and plentiful. 
The sliders were amazing!
The staff could not have been any more courteous including the owner/chef herself came out to chat about our food.Alma 4/5
Stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday and I was pleasantly surprised to walk right in to be seated rather than a long wait. The staff was phenomenal! The service was quick and personable and were so sweet to our toddler in ensuring he was entertained during our meal. 
The ambiance in the restaurant is so cool. It's situated right on the corner of the street so there is plenty of street parking nearby. Indoor and outdoor seating is available but it is on the tighter side for space!
The coffee was delicious and really smooth! And our meal was amazing! I ordered the Arco Iris Pancakes and they were unlike anything I've ever had. The lemon and ricotta flavor was fairly muted but the blueberries were a fresh addition. The pancakes were too subtle to stand against the spiked syrup. It was too strong for my preference since it just overpowered everything. The Alma Breakfast was the star of the meal and gave us a taste for authentic Honduran cuisine. The refuted beans were unlike any I've ever had. They were so full of flavor and amped up to another level. The avocado was perfectly fresh and rip and the plantains were absolutely insane. My eggs were cooked perfectly and  the homemade cream were delicious. However I didn't care for the chorizo as it was extremely dry.
Overall a really great meal! I recommend giving this place a try if you're in the area!If you're looking for something a little different, Alma does that well. Not traditional, but has plenty of flare.Went there for lunch! Delicious. Food is authentic Honduran cuisine and made with fresh ingredients. Cool ambiance and great service. Had the ceviche and the heart attack sandwich. Can't wait to go back again. 
This is post covid so of course social distancing, masks and hand hygiene was observed by staff. Outdoor dining as well.we are back, and I brought friends.  LOVE this place.   This time we had a friend from Honduras with us, and she was in heaven.
Baleada's so yummy, dranks, LA LOUISIANE OMELET, short stack, ALMA BREAKFAST, CAMPECHANO BREAKFAST, CHICHARRONES, ANA SHRIMP DIP, CARNE ASADA, TORTILLAS CON QUESILLO tons of drinks, table of seven, stellar, including espresso with milk.
kudo's as always chef.Alma did a pop up over at Old Rd Coffee! We went because we were really excited about their new restaurant opening in the Bywater in a couple of weeks. We want to support this chef and business owner who has gone out of their way to check in on the needs of the community and create the spaces that we want, that are affordable, delicious and welcoming. 
I got the Baleadas (tortilla with refried beans, avocado, fried egg). This recipe was reworked by the chef (who heard the communities' request for more vegetarian options) to not use pork fat in the refried beans. She uses high quality olive oil instead. It was delicious! Highly recommend! Can't wait to go to the physical location!Came here to eat a couple times and the food is delicious!! I had avocado toast and breakfast tacos and everything tasted so fresh and had great flavor. The coffee is the best I found in New Orleans during my stay, I even had to get a cup to go before I left the city. Outdoor seating was very nice.Delicious food, amazing service and honestly, best coffee in New Orleans. Also the decor and design is also dope. Location is on lovely street cornerThe is a hidden gem! The food made with very fresh ingredients. The pancakes are light and fluffy! I had the omelette with blue crab meat excellent flavor. The potatoes are so good as well. The service is top notch!The restaurant space is great- indoor and outdoor seating options and they were diligent about making sure their indoor capacity didn't exceed the COVID restrictions. We had tea lattes and two of the large plates... incredible flavor and already want to go back to try more dishes! Baliadas Sencilla with pork was the favorite.Super cute cafe in the Bywater! I've been here for brunch and happy hour, great deals on both dining options. For weekend brunch, I'd recommend arriving before 10 as it will get crowded, the price is great for the amount of food. Service can be a little slow as it is with most places but I enjoy my experiences there.Wow, where do I begin! The food and service here are fantastic. I had the Spanish Migas, Charlotte Bowl, and Pollo Chuco. They were all so tasty! The Pollo Chuco was my favorite, it had the best fried chicken i've ever had, if I ever visit NOLA again I promise I will be back! The Charlotte bowl was so unique and delicious, I was blown away! This place was 10/10, my family and I really enjoyed it!Always a great meal! 
You may know Chef Araujo from her Pop Up Alma in Central Central or her many catering gigs (I was at a wedding that offered her cuisine....Uh yum!)
This former Paloma Cafe location was the perfect transition to bring Alma food to a larger more permanent crowd. 
I love the food, familiar with Honduran cuisine this place was an easy fit. 
I've had several dishes, but The Pollo Chuco keeps calling to me. 
On a recent visit, I got there bright and early for the Alma breakfast, which is typical for a Honduran breakfast. Egg, avo, beans, plantain, cheese and in my case, added bacon. Simply delicious......And my beloved Chuco? Yeah I got two orders to go. 
The staff is so great working all together and making sure your dining experience is a pleasant and satiating one. 
I do have a personal confession, my friends Captain Cupcake, Mumbles and my beloved Pirate are all from little islands off the coast of Honduras, so i know the food. Perhaps, I'll try something  more typical next time like the Pancakes? Or the Baleada? So many choices, so many more meals to come.  
On a fun note: My friend artist Gary Hirsch has a fun mural s ross the street.  What brings you joy?.........Alma does!Alma. Alma Alma Alma. 
This is hands down my favorite newer place to eat in the city. I went twice in two weeks and each time they haven't disappointed. I've had the baleadas two different ways and I'm sure that all of the other variations are delicious. The first time I went they had an insanely delicious mint lemonade frozen thing that I still dream about. 
Also, it's Nicaraguan, female-owned, and very green. They literally can do no wrong in my book.Today was my second visit to Alma. My first visit was right after they opened and I figured by now they would have the kinks worked out, but unfortunately that was not the case. When we were seated we were told they didn't have enough menus. How is this possible?? There are reviews from 2 months ago that mention this and it still hasn't been fixed. Our server was nice and tried to be as attentive as possible but they are just too busy for the number of staff they have. We ordered two entrees and the tortillas con queso. They didn't bring out both entrees at the same time and the menu mentions a red sauce comes with the tortillas but our dish was lacking that. When we asked our server she said that doesn't come with it...huh? To her credit, she did bring us some sort of sauce but it wasn't great. The huevos rancheros is a bit odd, way too soupy, but the baliadas was tasty. I had high hopes for this restaurant but unfortunately was let down a second time.Alma was a favorite find in New Orleans- we came back for brunch a second time during our trip! We loved the plantains and beans and great cocktail selection as well!I wish it were possible to give this place 10 stars. My family visited Bywater last week and stumbled upon this gem. It's bright, calm and cozy which made it very inviting. They were very proactive on Covid protocols which made us feel safe too. 
My family is Brazilian so to see a tamarind água fresca made us excited! We got three of those and espressos. Our server John was outstanding, super down to earth and kind. His suggestions were the Louisa Toast and the  Baliadas Sencilla. We also got the mouthful biscuit. Did not disappoint. After the first bite I thought "omg I could eat this everyday" and then heard a table near me say the exact same words. Softest tortillas with mouthwatering, fresh ingredients. 
We loved this place so much we came back the next day. This time we had Mischa (could be misspelling) as a server and she was not only super helpful but delightful. Sat outside and got the toast, again lol, and this time the short stack and huevos rancheros. No lie these were the best pancakes I have ever consumed and I wanted to lick my plate clean after finishing the huevos rancheros. Chef came out to talk to us which made the experience that much better. She obviously is a master at her craft and is very passionate about local ingredients. Also very friendly!!!
Tastiest food we consumed during our stay and we wished we went a third time hahaha. I'm back in Atlanta dreaming of this place. Hands down my new favorite restaurant . 
Do yourself a favor and get to Alma. Listen to your waiter and tip them fat because they deserve it (also times are tough for the industry). If you're able to thank the Chef do so because she is a rockstar!! Authentic Honduran food, chill vibes and kind folks :):)Alma was delicious! The hue is rancheros was a little cold, but the flavors were outstanding. I loved the fresh tortillas and plantains.Eat at Alma! Grabbed some food from Almas for an outdoor picnic. This was my first time having anything from this restaurant and EVER-RYYY--THIIING was delicious. All yums across the board. The meat pies and blueberry pancakes were my favorites. On top of that some avocado toast with some day drinking. Beyond please with this meal.  I look forward to exploring the entire menu!Phenomenal. I can't remember the last time I was this impressed with a breakfast spot. The staff was kind, food was great, & reasonably priced. The Peanut butter horchata was to die for. I will be back again & againDefinitely 5 stars. This place is the real thing. My friend says her mother would be proud but either way this place has the best platinos I have ever had and I've been eating them my whole life. The accompanying dishes of beans, shredded cheese and creama are perfect. They bake the platinos in the peel.  The flavor explosion is deep. The flavor is perfection, no kidding. We split the Anna shrimp dip, enchiladas and platinos which was plenty for the both of us. The shrimp were cut in small pieces but still I would consider it chunky. The sauce was lite and accented the shrimp just right. The enchiladas ( 2 to an order) had a crispy tortilla with just enough ground meat seasoned wonderfully and their version of something like a cabbage slaw. Sooooo Good!
Check this place out. The prices are extremely reasonable. The atmosphere makes you want to sit all day and people watch and the service makes you want to eat/drink the whole day. Just bring it on.
I will go back until I have tried everything and then start over. Rest assure I will get the platinos every time.I can sit and type out a whole review about how awful the service was but I'll just keep sort and "sweet" our waitress was horrible. My husband got the burger for $16 and they gave him probably 1 oz burger patty. Sorry but if a restaurant wants to charge almost $20 for a burger than it should be a little bit bigger. I can't imagine what their sliders look like. There were flies EVERYWHERE it was impossible to enjoy the food. The lady that attended to us had the worst attitude. Usually I would ignore it and say "whatever" but it was like she was enjoying being a jerk. Will not come here again.I was blown away by both the quality of service by the team at Alma, the presentation of the food, and the taste of every dish.  I have only just recently been to this cafe, but am confident that all their meals are well worth the wait and the price. 
While you're at it, watch Kitchen Queens on NOLA PBS and fall in love with all the amazing women making New Orleans the food destination of your dreams. 
Chef Melissa, you have outdone yourself!Just had breakfast here and I think they've got a lot of kinks to work out but we're gonna give them another shot, just later on. 
The space is beautiful, they really didn't have to change anything after Paloma cafe was there. The set up is the same with the coffee bar and outdoor seating. 
Sadly the food was disappointing. We ordered two drip coffees which were excellent, but beware you'll be charged a dollar for milk in your coffee. But they did have free refills so it was totally worth it. Now for the food, we ordered baliados, chorizo tacos and a biscuit on the side. What arrived at our table, staggered, was a massive plate of biscuits, they were out of jam, baliados and a side of sausage. When we discussed with the waitress that we ordered a biscuit on the side and chorizo tacos she apologized and offered us a cookie...... well, we didn't take her up on the offer and instead shared a massive plate of biscuits and two sausage links. The biscuits were just good, the baliados were very salty and beautiful in appearance. They didn't have any hot sauce sadly. So all in all, they've got room for improvement. Breakfast for two was $40 and we payed for what we didn't even order. Despite that, I'll be back for the coffee.A gem of a new restaurant in Bywater. Delicious food that has elements both familiar and brand new / different; beautiful space and vibe; good service. Would strongly recommend and will be back.
Came here for two meals - one breakfast, one lunch. Ordered the Alma breakfast and breakfast tacos. Alma breakfast was just dang good. The refried beans are unlike anything I've had. The breakfast tacos, in contrast, were near flavorless. It was almost like they forgot to put sauce / salsa / seasoning on the dish.
Either way, the alma breakfast was good enough for me to come back for lunch. I ordered the rice and beans plus shrimp ceviche. Again, fabulous food.
To top it all off the food here is reasonably priced. I'll be back!OMG this is quite possibly the best coffee I've ever had.  I had the Mocha and my Wife had the iced americano.  Both were superb.
I had the Eggs in Purgatory, which is a Honduran take on shashuka.  It was rich and flavorful, and quite possibly the best bite I've had in days of visiting New Orleans.  Monica had the Campechano Breakfast and the steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the beans had a wonderful smoky flavor.
I cannot recommend this wonderful restaurant enough.I am at a loss today. I came with high hopes after seeing some great reviews and excited to support a woman owned business. However, after today, I can't say that I will be back.
Alma is a good entrée for a person who's never had Honduran food before. The quality and value of my favorite spot in midcity, Los Catrachos, far exceed Alma and it is situated in a strip mall on Tulane Avenue. The rice and beans were fine and the breakfast tacos were extremely basic with a sauce on the side that was so spicy it was virtually inedible. I was only able to get through one taco before I found someone's hair underneath the a little underripe avocado of the second one.
The server was nice, but he was put in a position to tell me that a few things were unavailable (Wi-Fi down, kitchen out of sweet potatoes after the dish was brought out). That's ok. But as one reviewer put it, the experience from getting seated by the host to leaving was "awkward."The atmosphere of this place is A1 it's so beautiful! The food was great. The plating and presentation was even better *I'm a sucker for presentation* I'm not a coffee drinker but it was very good! Our waiter river was very nice and attentive, he even help me pronounce my order! Everything was perfect I will return.Been coming here for breakfast a lot lately. Everything I've tried has been excellent. Good coffee too.OMG this place was so tasty. I just celebrated my birthday by having breakfast here with my family. Everyone LOVED their meal. The lemon ricotta pancakes were delish (we shared these at the table). My parents got the Alma breakfast (the beans were AMAZING!), my husband had the Bfast tacos (SO good) and my brother had the steak and eggs. I had the huevos rancheros which were not my fave (more of a soup with a grainy texture), but everything else was amazing. Including the coffee and OJ.This is a great brunch location!   They have a wide variety of sweet and savory options for everyone!  I got the breakfast tacos and the short stack.  The breakfast tacos were very filling.  The pancakes were perfect.  We split the tres leche cake--this is a must order.Amazing food! I loved every bite and recommend the rum horchata. The tortillas alone are worth coming in, add the platano side and you are set!Excelente comida. El lugar tan bien decorado. Un gusto estar ahí. Los meseros súper atentos.The atmosphere of this restaurant is amazing along with the delicious food served. I really enjoyed the service at this restaurant; the waitress was attentive and the owner, Melissa, is very kind and makes sure to interact with all of her customers. We started with hot chocolate for me and a latte for my boyfriend. The hot chocolate has a cocoa taste  and he mentioned that the latte was strong and smooth. The presentation for all the dishes were spectacular and tasted great as well. I think the price of the Baleada is a bit pricy in my opinion, but it makes up for the high quality brisket. Finally, the arco iris pancakes were my favorite!Food is great but the service could be better. They should put on the website when they stop seating customers. Instead of one showing up and then being turned away 45 min prior to closing.The service and food is always top notch. This is one of my families favorite brunch spots. When people ask me for brunch suggestions I am very quick to suggest Alma.BEST experience here. Incredible food, incredible drinks, incredible service. I was amazed. Couldn't recommend this place any moreSmall Honduras café, with outdoor seating. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. The Spanish Migas was delicious, will definitely be back to try other dishes.This spot is so dang good, and I plan on eating here probably more than what is socially acceptable or financially responsible. After hearing SO MANY rave reviews from people, I stopped in on one of my days off this week from teaching, and it definitely lived up to the hype. The coffee: phenomenal! The refried black beans: give me a whole bowl! The queso fresco: put it on everything! The sweet plantains: please don't ask me to share!This place is amazing and the staff too. They are professional and witty and made our first experience so warm and welcoming!!  Its our new place now that so many places didnt make it through the covid restrictions.I don't know how to put into words how obsessed we are with Alma. It's been such a long time since we've walked away from a restaurant feeling totally satisfied and happy with every aspect of the experience, but Alma did it. 
The wait was longer than we thought so def join the waitlist ahead of possible. But I think that's just Covid and capacity issues. Plenty of outdoor seating though! 
The service was incredible - very sweet, personable and attentive. Our waiter was incredible and Melissa, the owner, came out to check on us and chat which we appreciated. I love that the restaurant is woman owned and Melissa also told me the kitchen is all women which makes me so happy. 
My boyfriend and I couldn't decide what to eat, so we both got entrees to share and two small plates - and it was a very happy mistake, haha! The portions were HUGE and we could barely finish. Which I'm shocked by because they were SO well priced given the amount and quality. We were totally expecting traditional small plates. I was told they're still trying to right size the portions, but honestly I thought the sizes were great. 
The pastelitos de carne was AMAZING - probably my favorite dish. The pastry dough was delicious and the sauce was to die for. We also got the Arco Iris pancakes which were everything you expect out of fancy pancakes - def a winner. The huevos rancheros was different than I'm use to but delicious and flavorful! It was a little soup like - but I enjoyed it! We also got the plátano Maduro which was the most unique thing we ate there - it was huge and a delicious combo of flavors! Crispy potatoes were also delicious. Overall, every single thing we ate was absolutely incredible and full of flavor. I can't imagine you'd order anything bad here. 
Also the drinks were AMAZING. the fresh orange juice tasted exactly how fresh juice should and the PB horchata was so sweet and nice.
Overall, we had a wonderful experience and Alma is a new favorite of ours!This place is called modern Honduran food and it's sooo good! It's a relatively small place but if you come early-ish you can most likely get a table. I'd definitely call ahead if you have a big party. I got the baleada with chorizo and it was so good!! I've never had such well seasoned black beans. The homemade tortilla was so delicious as well, the whole dish worked so perfectly. I'd definitely recommend.I was super excited for Alma's opening as I've been following on Instagram and drooling for a while. Unfortunately I left kind of disappointed. 
We ordered a drink and three dishes. 
The peanut horchata had great flavor but was MEGA sweet -- like sweeter than Mexican coke sweet. It was so sweet we really couldn't drink it. 
We got "The Mouthful" which is a biscuit, egg, cheese, and sausage sandwich. The biscuit was cakey style (which is fine with me) but dry. And the breakfast sausage was under-seasoned. Basically between the huge biscuit and the huge pile of eggs, the cheese and sausage weren't enough to stand out and offer much flavor. 
The Spanish Migas say they are made with chorizo, but there was no spice or heat coming from the sausage -- honestly it tasted like it could have been the same breakfast sausage we got in the biscuit sandwich. It is sausage, fried potatoes, and eggs -- there wasn't any pop or flavor contrast with this -- it could really have used a spicy salsa on it, or something vinegary... It didn't taste bad, but it was blah, and at $16 felt way overpriced.
The Ceviche was by far the most flavorful of the three dishes. It was beautifully prepared, the shrimp were big and perfectly cooked. But the salsa verde it is made with was heavy on thyme and I think also tarragon, and those flavors just weren't super appealing to me. 
The staff was lovely and the space is absolutely beautiful. Maybe we just ordered the wrong things? Nothing was terrible, but I've had better versions of each of the dishes we ordered at other places in the city.This place is hit or miss.  And pricey.  The meat pies are good, as is the huevos rancheros. But the migas is just a bowl of chunky potatoes, the shrimp ceviche had this funky herb "salsa" and the shrimp was fishy, and the MAXX is a messy, over-sauced hunk of chicken on a tiny, soggy bun with a side of greasy, soggy chips.  The owner is also rude and berates the staff in front of customers.  I was really hopeful when it opened, because there aren't many breakfast-lunch places in the neighborhood.  I wish it were a lot better.Restaurant is decorated beautifully! Great vibes and the music was everything !  Our waiter John was pretty awesome as well . The food was great... devoured our steak and Spanish migas! So sorry for no pics of It! The plátano was delicious especially with the beans(yummy). The Madura wasn't ripe enough as far as being sweet goes but still so taSty! I think they fry it!  I will definitely be going back! My only complaint is that I did order some coffee and it was not hot at all, it wasn't even warm. It was room temperature so I asked the waiter if he can maybe warm it in the microwave and he said there was no microwave but that he would get me another one. I can hear the barista speaking loudly, complaining about making another coffee to our waiter in an aggressive tone. The new coffee I received tasted  great and it was hot like the other should have been. I thought that maybe she was having a bad day or something.Something about my experience just compelled me to leave a review. 
The service would get five stars. 
The drinks would get five stars (espresso and bloody mary). 
I LOVE that they're open for brunch on Saturdays and before 11am when many other brunches start. 
My dish would get five stars. I had the Louisa toast and just thinking about it has me craving it all over again. Is it authentically Honduran? Don't know, don't care. It's divine. 
Now for the not so fantastic...my husband ordered the campechano breakfast with "Louisiana raised Wagyu flank steak." For $17, neither of us actually believed it would be Wagyu but we both love flank steak. 
It was terrible. It was cooked properly but so incredibly tough that it was inedible. It couldn't be cut with the steak knife. He definitely has discerning tastes, so I thought he was just being critical but I tried it and had the same feeling. And I'll eat anything!
Also, the server offered us hot sauce and mentioned that they have some that's made in house. Sure! No mention that it was an additional $2. Not a big deal but not cool either.Safety measures set in place definitely places you at ease. 
Food is absolutely terrific. Authentic and comforting. Definitely hitting again before taking off!This place might not look like much when you drive by, but it is 100% worth the stop! The vibe is great, and the food is delicious! It's Honduran food done in a modern way. My husband tried the Alma breakfast which has mostly traditional foods like plantains, eggs, refried beans, avocado, and tortillas. He chose corn tortillas, and they were clearly homemade and yummy. The beans were incredibly flavorful, and the plantains weren't greasy at all. I had the Adult French Toast, and it was equally good. The whipped cream with herbs (thyme and rosemary) was a great addition. The chai latte was amazing, and my husband thoroughly enjoyed his vanilla latte. It was so good we went for breakfast two days in a row.I ordered the vegetarian tacos that were made with homemade corn tortillas. I highly recommend this place for the authentic food and great cocktails!My girlfriend and me decided to come here for a nice brunch for Valentine's Day. We've always heard great things about Alma Cafe and being foodies, we're excited to try. My family is from Honduras , so I've tried the food from the motherland and am very skeptical of many "Honduran" restaurants. Alma's did not disappoint at all! She puts a new spin on classic Honduran dishes and elevates them to new levels of sofisticación. My girlfriend and myself both got the Almas Breakfast with the wagyu carne asada, which was deliciously cooked medium *per our request* and the flavors and juices would not stop running down this delicious steak. We also ordered the chicharrones (not pictured) as a appetizer and had a great blend of crispy ness, heat, and flavor. Definitely a great spot for breakfast or brunch. Will definitely be back for more @almascafe save me a spot permanently please!  With love from your fellow catracho.