Good spot, could be amazing. The space is beautiful. Lots of deck space for lounging in the sun. Bar is cool (try the frozen lemon drink) and rooftop pool is small but great feature.
Huge downer was the staff. Took forever to get a drink. And not because the staff was overwhelmed, they were standing around complaining to each other about having to do their jobs. Two bartenders, while ignoring at least three patrons (me included) waiting patiently for drinks, had a very loud conversation about how they wished all "these people" would leave. I'm paraphrasing nicely.
Guys, I get it. I grew up in a resort town and was a bartender for over ten years. You had a group of normal people there (some of whom work long hours at stressful, dangerous jobs and rarely get the chance to relax with their families) who were totally respectful to you. Try returning the favor. If you don't like your job, go do something else. Bartenders downstairs in the main bar were excellent on the other hand.Great rooftop pool.  Good vegan hot dog.  Very friendly staff.  Steph is super nice and will take care of you.
Great place to chill and bask in the sun.What they neglect to say in all the reviews is there's basically a $20 cover, if you're not a hotel guest. I was told they wouldn't charge my card until the end of my tab, then they promptly charged $25 to it. Then charged it again for my bill. So now I have to watch to make sure the first charge drops off. Not good. Pricey for the food. I gave it 2 stars for the nice bar staff.THEY GET ALL THE STARS
Because they are a fucking 
Oasis- that's why!!*
*but seriously, go on a weekday, get drunk, get tan, get in the pool and forget that the North existsSo glad we came here! Beautiful rooftop pool/bar area with a nice (tho not amazing) view, nice bartenders, and the yummiest mule I've ever had! It's made with house made ginger syrup and a coconut liqueur, sooo smooth and refreshing. There are a few long-ish bar tables and a lot of varied seating arrangements (mismatched chairs, couches and tables) around the pool. There's an L shaped pergola on the side facing Harrahs with screening overhead for shade, and the bar and grill area is covered as well. It's a great laid-back spot at sunset, especially if there's a nice breeze.Overall a great hotel, very hip, but we booked a room for two nights and weren't told the pool would be closed from 4pm onward on our second day. Would have stayed elsewhere if we'd known. Make sure to ask when reserving a room.Stayed at the Ace Hotel over the wknd for a friend's bachelorette. While the hotel staff wasn't something to write home about, hanging at Alto, their rooftop bar, brought us to Paul who was nothing short of amazing. I forgot my sunscreen, she not only offered hers up but then let me hold onto it throughout the day for reapplications. She also came to my rescue when I needed a stamp to order one of their frozen drinks. (Yes, I'm well over 21.) On our last day we decided to head up to the pool 10 mins before it opened, just to ensure we'd be one of the firsts to stake out a great spot for our last day. She greeted us with a huge smile and let us enter early to get comfy, bringing us towels and waters as soon as they officially opened. Overall it was a fantastic wknd. Thank you Paul for fulfilling our expectations of what Ace Hotel employees should embody. Anybody coming here to enjoy those good rooftop vibes, ask for her!I loved this place but I honestly hate being surprised every time with different rules which is why I don't want to go back. Some weekends they charge a cover, others they don't. Some weekends the rule is "chairs are first come first Serve" the next it's "chairs are for guest only, sit and we kick you out and keep your $20". Sometimes they enforce a $20 minimum (on top of the cover), sometimes they don't. I'm sick and tired of going there expecting one thing and getting another. Make rules AND STICK TO THEM or don't have them at all. Seriously, all my friends and I will be going to the country club from now on....Cool place, although a little awkward ordering food and such. There's a list, but it doesn't mean much. The pool closes rather early, so make this a daytime to evening thingThey have a 20.00 per person cover if you aren't staying at the hotel. I can totally understand that for late night but not for happy hour. That's asking a couple to spend 40.00 before ever buying anything. I was okay with a 20.00 minimum purchase but I think the cover is just greedy. We walked away once we were informed and I won't be back. Also, they need to update their signs and website to reflect their change. We walked all the way there and were not informed until we attempted to get it. Very unfortunate because I had heard good things. As bad as I wanted a drink there, I would rather spend my money elsewhere.LOVED! We were in town for a business conference and we came across this rooftop pool/bar in NOLA. The staff was so friendly and we actually stayed until closing time. BEST PART was the view of the French quarter. Will be returning with friends.DO NOT USE YOUR CREDIT CARD at the rooftop pool bar. I received 4 charges to my credit card in different amounts. Pay with cash! Clearly, the servers were using my credit card without my authority. 
If you are not a guest at the hotel, you can use the rooftop pool just as long as you spend $20 or more at the bar. They take your credit card immediately upon entry and give it back to you as soon as you leave. I was there for an hour and a half. I ordered a cocktail and a glass of white wine. My bill was $22. Somehow, I received 3 other charges of varying amounts. 
I will never visit another Ace Hotel.I wish I had come early enough to get a picture of the gorgeous view of the city, but I was here just as the sun was setting.
New Orleans has been really knocking it out of the park with rooftop hang outs as of late. Between Alto and Hot Tin, you can get some really good views on both sides of town. This is a nice spot- there is a bar area that has a tropical type feel, a pool (that might be just for people staying at the Ace Hotel), a kitchen that serves food and plenty of space for lounging.
I was here with some friends for a post-work cocktail and I was delighted because I didn't even know this place was here. The bar was pretty crowded, but luckily there were some waitresses who were taking orders, so we didn't have to wait in line. I ended up getting a frozen Mai Tai that was really good and had a nice kick to it. A "large" was still pretty small, but the drink didn't taste like a mix, so I was happy. I didn't have any food, but the food my friends had- a skirt steak and a burger looked really good, so I will have to dine in next time.
This is really going to be a great spot to hang out, especially when the weather gets a little cooler. I can't wait to sip a fancy cocktail under the stars once fall arrives.One star for the delicious drinks and one star for the service during my first two drinks.
I've been here a couple times before, so I understand why the service is slow, especially with the fancy drinks, two bartenders, and swarms of thirsty people. But last night as I waited for one more drink, I waited far too long--it felt like 10 minutes, but maybe it was more like 5. I waited to be served as the people around me and the people who came after me were served first. I was offered drinks by two separate couples who came after me. It was embarrassing. I was paid no attention until I finally just said aloud that I wanted to close my tab while one of the bartenders was bending over for ice or something. Sorry if I don't wave my hand, my credit card, or tip money in your face, but what the hell.
I suggest coming here when the place is empty because ugh.We were looking for a spot to relax and get some sun and we found it here. We were immediately greeted by Koko. She was very friendly and welcoming. Since we weren't guests of the hotel she explained there was a $20 food or drink minimum. The rooftop was cool and trendy with trellises and plenty of seating. The frozen drinks were amazing. We didn't eat but the food looked and smelled delicious. It stared to get busy about 2pm so I recommend getting there early.It took 2 hours to get up here on this beautiful Sunday, but the service was charmed and the music was nice. This place was a nice escape from the craziness of New Orleans. It's own little oasis.Alto is a great summer place to lay around and people watch. Drinks are pricey, hostess are sweet and kind, food is great, pool is a little small. If you don't have a pool this will work. Sometimes there is a cover, bring cash!Escaped work for a mini vacation. This place is beautiful with a great view of the CBD! The fish tacos were ok and small for the price, but you're paying for the atmosphere. Soft music playing in the background, feel like you're in a tropical place!I've only been once, but I really want to go back. 
I loved drink on the menu. The frozen drinks are delicious! 
Our server was a doll. Other servers sat down and chatted with us a bit. I love their personalities. 
I went just before sundown and the view was awesome, the fresh air was a relief from the heat, and the pool wasn't too crowded. 
Just know, that the pool is super chlorinated and there is always the possibility of a bachelor party of  bros that don't know  how to act.Came on a Sunday afternoon at 2pm. Left at 6. Overall a good day to be out. The pool was nice and heated. It was a good crowd. I just wish they had better music playing for more of a fun vibe. I would come back. The drinks were overpriced but good happy hour deals.Great drinks and loved the laid back vibe. We stayed at Ace Hotel during a business conference last month, and I'm so glad we didn't skip Alto! My husband had some local Louisiana brews, and I tried the SummerDaze. Y'all. Do not skip the frozen drinks. So good. Gorgeous views and a great place to end our night by the pool.Frozen Mango & Coconut drink excellent.  Hostess very nice.  Bartender blond tomboy chick, rude & said there's an awesome pineapple rum drink she loves.  Horrid!  Sour & needed sugar.  She told me I should send my horse to the glue factory.  Left asap cause I truly hate animal haters.  Their drinks aren't even worth the view w/ that kind of bartender.This is great place to swim during the week for a small price of five dollars per person. During the weekend this price goes up to 25 dollars a person. This was a great place in the morning before it started filling up. The waiters and waitresses were great and would get drinks and food right away. It fills up very quick and gets very cramped before you know it. The menu is quite small for small bites, I don't know how to describe the menu, but it was a sort of "fancy" menu. Half the ingredients I never even heard of or just sounded very unappetizing. Just not my cup of tee when it came to the food. Great place for a rooftop pool and chill though.So I tried this place after seeing other Yelpers' reviews raving over their policy of free admission for locals with just a $20 bar or food purchase. I showed up last Saturday pumped for a great time at the pool, to find out that they've changed the policy to $20 flat fee admission per person. I wasn't concerned really, since that's not an unreasonable price imo. The downside, though, is that you pay 20 bucks to get in, and preference for chairs/lounge seating is given to hotel guests. We were literally booted from the lounge we had been seated on... I wouldn't have minded if we weren't also paying to be there, but we had literally just finished paying admission. The attendant was kind enough to give us a refund as we just left since there were no other chairs available, but this setup is very uncool. I'm not sure who they're catering to, since obviously we were unsatisfied and as we exited, we rode the elevator down with a group of hotel guests who were upset that they too were unable to find anywhere to sit at the pool. I probably won't try going back, and I really wouldn't recommend staying here as a guest if you plan on using the pool. What a bummer...If you need a mini escape from your dive bars and Bourbon Street bars, this is a nice place! It reminds me of a simple NY-esque rooftop bar, which is cool. We needed a little different scenery and this place gave us that! They have frozen cocktails (one is their standard, and one is changed every week if I'm not mistaken). They also have sweet specials! The ambiance is nice and chill. Drinks were good. Service was nice. What I like about this rooftop is that it is open for non-visitors of the hotel; just a $20 minimum purchase, which is not bad at all. 
When in town, definitely check Alto out!Drinks/food: 4
Vibe: 5
Staff: 4
Came to New Orleans for a Conference and thankfully decided to stay at the Ace Hotel. This rooftop is an oasis in NOLA. It has the best ambient music, great sunlight, and a pool that does the trick. 
It does have a $20 spend requirement if you're not staying at the hotel, but during happy hour that can get you three drinks or two drinks and a small meal. It is 100% worth it.Literally got escorted out for using a NON SCENTED vape. We were sitting in the corner so it's not like it was even bothering anyone. It was a friend's birthday so it really put a damper on the evening. We were enjoying ourself and was forced to leave.Always had a great love for rooftop bars, even in cooler weathers. I originally came to this bar when it was really popular a few years back and seeing it the other night, I really admired the added greenery and multiple fire pits! The drinks were decent but sometimes you just want a simple and straight up drink to keep you warm. It was also a very nice touch that the pool can become heated during the cold seasons which makes for a VERY NICE touch!!I come here a lot because it's a local place for a good swim in a hip atmosphere, nice cocktails and good views. Lots of tourists stay in the Ace Hotel so their pool is basically always packed year around. The pool is heated so you can take a dip anytime. I was hungry this time coming here so I had their vegan dog. It came with fresh sautéed veggies on top. It also had a pretzel hot dog bun which I've never had before! It was good but it's literally a pretzel so you have to chew slow. All of that put together is a mouthful... lol it comes with chips, just the regular Zapp's  chips... I wish it came with a flavored Zapp chip, that would set off the hot dog even more!$20 "cover" meaning they take your card when you walk in and have to spend that much or more on drinks, otherwise you'll get charged the 20 bucks anyways. I guess you're paying for the view, but there are other rooftop bars with no cover you can go to in NOLA and see just as good of a view. Also, they close pretty early (9pm) so just account for that if you're making dinner plans or something ahead of time!
The drinks were served in plastic cups, which I wasn't expecting for a rooftop bar and the prices of the drinks... Their drink menu was pretty good though, lots of interesting/unique options for every liquor preference. Not sure how crowded it gets, but I went on a Sunday night after dinner and pretty much had the whole place to ourselves for a bit. The pool is really pretty and there is plenty of seating! Good place for a date night or just to hang out with friends. Lots of photoworthy backdrops for those of you who like that sort of thing!Lovely place for drinks with an amazing view of the city. 
The bartenders always seem a bit confused, but they get the drinks right.The service is SO incredibly slow and the bartenders do not seem to care at all and will waste time chatting with customers or their friends while there is a HUGE crowd of people waiting to be served. They do not at all honor who came up to the bar first so you basically have to fight your way just to get your order taken. There is one bartender who is quick and kind and makes good drinks (woman with shaved blonde head). Other than her, this place is soooo overrated and over priced!Alto is incredible. We were too late to try the food, but after dark looking out over the city was awesome. The bar staff was very inviting and polite, and prices were average. The pool and deck makes this the best bar we visited in NOLA. I can see where this area could get very crowded.A pleasant, relaxed setting. I had the vegan dog for lunch. It was tasty, with a pretzel-type bun and grilled onions and peppers. Nice. Zapps chips on the side sealed the deal. Disappointing selection of beers, only two on tap.
The bartenders were pretty uninterested and unprofessional, I guess that goes with the vibe, not sure. When I paid the tab, the bartender ran another group's bill on my charge card, about twice the amount of what I should have been charged. I caught it before I signed and the resolution of the issue involved digging receipts out of trash cans and a "trust me" answer. I left unconvinced, but I'll watch my charge account.
Not up to the standards of the rest of the experience I had at the Ace, a very nice hotel.Went to the pool today with my friends for the first time this summer (have been going for 3 years) and we arrived at 3:50. One of my friends purchased a 12$ frozen drink but me and my other friend told the bartender we were going to wait until 4 to come back to the bar and order because happy hour began at 4. (He did not look pleased at this and made a face at me) At 4, I ordered one of their happy hour cocktails and told him I would be opening a tab - he charged my card and came back to tell me it had been declined - He had already made the drink so i paid for it in cash and then went to sit down where I then checked my card balance (I had MORE than enough money on my card for a 6$ drink) 
Later on I returned to the bar with the last of my cash to purchase one more drink - when I paid for it, the same bartender said to me "you know what? When u come to a nice place like this you are expected to tip - dnt come here if you cannot afford to do that" 
He said this loudly and rudely so that everyone around us stopped and looked at me. 
(I had intended to tip him when I closed the tab that he would not allow me to open)
When I got home - my card HAD been charged for the drink he claimed i could not afford when my "card declined" 
I think it is disgusting to be treated like a child just because I look young by a bartender who is probably no more than a few years older than me 
Extremely disappointed and embarrassed by what was supposed to be a nice afternoon by the pool with friendsThis is a great place to relax on a hot and humid day in New Orleans especially if you're jut visiting. It does cost ($20) to gain access, but free if you're a hotel guest. The fish tacos on their apps menu are amazing. They look small and simple but have big flavor in both the fish and Serrano salsa the put on top. The other menu item I have to rave about is the Eternal Summer drink. Three simple ingredients blended into a frozen Daiquiri has become my favorite drink ever! Now this would have been a five star experience except for the $25 authorization charge to my card that they did not remove until five days later. Also I was told it was happy hour but apparently it wasn't. Maybe I misheard. This is still a spot you have to try.Great spot to cocktail and enjoy a great view of the city! It was fairly youthful, but they were really cool with my 71-year old mama!Went to this place from a recommendation but wasn't told you pay $20 cover to enter in to the rooftop. No thanks found another rooftop with no cover charge.Okay, so this is what I'm expecting of a rooftop bar! A pool with cool lights with changing colors, a good view of the city from high up top, and a nice little lounging area to chill with friends.
Only downer was that they ran out of some liquors by the time we were there. We still had a great time though! Enjoyed the views and company.Omg love Scott the bartender! We stumbled in after having a few drinks at our hotel and Scott was awesome! We got one drink which was plenty. He got the vibe that we definitely needed some food haha he gave us a map where tons of places he recommended. Loved it here!Such a great, chill vibe! I came here about 3 times throughout my trip (Summer 2019) and the first time it started raining which was a bummer but the staff was very accommodating. They gave us rain checks and we were able to come back the next day for free. Just a note- the entrance fee is $20 if you're not a guest at the hotel. I didn't mind the price as it off the beaten track and was like a mini escape. They have the option between beds or lawn chairs. The beds come with an umbrella and have a mini table. The view is really nice and there are cute little photo ops for IG. I did find the foods and drinks to be a little pricey - spent $160 for about 4 hours but I did really enjoy my time here so it wasn't a big deal to me. They have a variety of drink and food options. I tried the burger, margherita pizza and tacos and they were all very delicious and filling! They even had a frozen specialty drink with grapefruit and banana that was soooo good. I definitely recommend everyone to stop here at least once during your trip. I'm not sure how it is with COVID now but I guarantee you won't want to leave. I sure didn't.Went for the fun Yelp 2019 Kickoff Celebration. 
Delicious apps were passed and drinks had. All that are available regularly at the rooftop bar. 
It was a crazy chilly night but there were fire pits around to keep us warm and the HEATED POOL looked so warm and inviting with the steam rolling off the top. I was bummed I hadn't brought my bathing suit!
Weather be damned this is a great location to enjoy a rooftop bar, which can't always be said about all rooftop bars.Dave was amazing, super friendly and fast with our drinks. Will definitely go back next time visiting.This rooftop bar and pool sits on top of Ace Hotel, where we were staying for a few days in July during the annual Beachbody Coach Summit. We wanted to grab a drink and small bites before heading over to the Mercedes-Benz Superdome, which is only about a 15-minute walk away.
To be honest, it was so hot and humid that I decided to pass on a beverage, have some cold water instead, and move from the bar to sit by the pool while eating my wings. The wading pool was really small and packed with a bachelor party and few others, so I hung back and I ordered the Smoked Vasca Wings, which were three full wings with roasted garlic, hot sauce, honey, and mustard. I was surprised that the hot sauce seemed to just be Frank's/Tabasco instead of anything homemade, and the mustard was just regular yellow mustard. The wings seemed grilled, which added a great flavor, and were cooked just right, but I do wish they did something more/unique with the sauce(s) they drizzled on. Not sure it was worth the $13 plus tax and tip.
They seemed pretty busy and it took us awhile to get our orders, and to get our bill and get it paid. They didn't have any containers left to take the rest I couldn't finish due to time. I couldn't wait any longer so I shoved them in a glass and went back to my hotel room. Ghetto, I know, but I ain't wasting my $13! The tacos my friends looked good but also small, so perhaps the portions are just smaller here for the price. Next time I'll definitely get a cocktail or four. They sounded amazing with ingredients like elderflower, ancho chili, and honeysuckle vodka.I had the great pleasure of attending the Yelp 2019 Kickoff Celebration at Alto.  This place is absolutely amazing. The bar and pool have unbelievable views of downtown. There are plenty of places to to sit, relax, and enjoy the moment. 
The food was delicious. The bar offered several options. I tried everything...I'll start my New Year diet later. My favorite was the Ceviche. It was so fresh with a hint of citrus. 
The drinks were tasty as well. Again, I tried all the drinks offered for the event....no comments please. My favorite was Fireside Chat. Imagine an Old Fashioned made with butternut squash infused bourbon. Now that'll keep you warm on a cool night. I'll definitely be visiting Alto again soon.Great rooftop spot. Small bar on one side, small kitchen on the other.  We were greeted by a couple of very friendly, smiling staff members. The staff in the bar and kitchen were also friendly and helpful. 
Great view overlooking Lafayette Square and you can see the Mississippi River bridge. The pool looked nice. It started out as a beautiful day.  Unfortunately,  mother nature did not cooperate, and it started raining about 15 minutes after we got there. 
The staff was apologetic,  but hey, it wasn't their fault.
I'll try it again sometime.Dave made the best lemon drop will be back in the near future! The view is amazing and the fires keep you warm even though its cold!By far my favorite rooftop. Instead of unrelenting sun and wind (Rosie's) or surly staff (Monkey Board), Alto is shady and intimate, and the view is better. The pool is beautiful to look at even if you don't use it.
You order everything at the bar, take your drink, and they bring your food to you. Nearly all of us ordered the Fried Chicken Milanese sandwich and tots. It's a long ciabatta roll, 2 chicken patties, cheese, and aioli; you'll probably have lunch tomorrow, especially if you eat all those wonderfully crunchy tots.  My friend "forced" me to eat a piece of her pepperoni pizza, it was good too.
They have several of their own cocktails, several local beers, and house wines. Prices are a little steep (get it, you're on a roof? Sorry.) but well worth experience.Went here about a month ago, Friday, summer evening, around happy hour time.  large group of already lit crowd sun bathing and and floating in pool having a high time like they are retired 25-30 year old's..  EXACTLY what I was hoping to encounter at 5:00 on a Friday!  Have no idea who these people are but they sure know how to party.  Bartenders were a bit out of it, really slow....but very friendly and attentive, just slow..  The whole bar/pool lounge area has a nice vibe...so I don't care about the slow service....and it's a rooftop bar so I expect overpriced drinks.  The people floating and and bobbing in the pool who have been drinking ALL DAY (apparently) aren't complaining so why should I?  I give them 5 stars because at least the bartenders are having a good time and not all rude and snippy like half the bartender are in the CBD and FQ.  And the plants, wood structures etc. is how a rooftop bar should look and feel.Chic and fun rooftop bar with a pool. The selection of beers are decent. Nice view of the city. Would probably come and stay at this hotel next time.Seriously one of the best rooftops in town! The pool is hip, the drinks are strong, and the view is FANTASTIC. The pool is a little on the smaller side so I suggest that you get there early to get a chair and claim a spot in the pool. No swimming, just lounging and looking cool, lol. I also suggest you go during Happy Hour. The drinks are pretty reasonably priced, but if you're not a guest of the Ace- the cover is $20 . Now to the food, the margarita pizza is great. Cheesy, plum tomatoes, flavorful basil coming off of a grill? (It tastes like a grill). I've also had grilled watermelon here before, which was surprisingly tasty. Tasty enough that I recreated it at home! Anyhoo, check it out and don't forget your sunscreen!Definitely a place to see and be seen, at least once. 
It gets crowded very easily so don't expect to do laps in the pool; it's much more of a "have your drink in the pool circled around your friends" type of pool scene. While the lounge chairs and circular day beds seem abundant, they are claimed and it takes a keen eye to watch when one becomes available. Generally, the crowd is 21-35 age range, if I had to guess - not quite suitable for the kiddies, IMO. Personally, I find the drinks to be underwhelming and overpriced. I have not had any of the food except for the cookie which I do not recommend given its price point, size, and overall taste. 
*NEW TIP* - as of my visit on 5/31/19, they are now CHARGING $5 for towels. This was previously not the case so please be sure to pack towels! I do not know if this applies to hotel guests but it most certainly does to non-guests so make sure your pack you bag accordingly! Also, the $20 cover does not extend to food/drink. 
The pros of Alto include good service which extends into the pool (yes, the servers will bring you drinks to the pool perimeter!), and you can order from any of the servers so you don't have to look for the same server over and over again! It is a beautiful space both in the summer and cooler months when they have their marble laden fire pits going. They've definitely nailed down the ambiance factor which lends itself to being a very Instagram-my spot.Alto made me actually like New Orleans. Yep, a rooftop bar made me enjoy a city I normally don't care for.
Very sleek and chic spot with lovely ambiance at night (twinkling lights strung overhead, city skyline views.) The drink menu is small but that didn't deter us from having a few (too many.) We didn't incur a cover charge, as some have mentioned, so I'm not sure about that... but if you want to relax in a space that ISN'T Bourbon St. (or with patrons who love Bourbon St.,) I'd suggest sitting back at Alto.