Fantastic option for Indian. Generous portions, great naan, loved the curry. Can't wait to try more from hereDefinitely Some Great And Authentic Indian Food In A New Convenient Spot In Downtown NOLA!!!Wow usually don't eat too much Indian food but this place blew me away!! We got takeout and ordered chicken pepper fry, chettinad chicken, chicken tikka masala, the lamb vindaloo, and the murgh malai, along with the  Peshawari naan, garlic naan, and chili naan as well as gulab jamun. Everything was so well flavored and delicious!! Would highly recommend the murgh malai the pepper fry, the garlic naan and the gulab jamun (sweet fried doughnut balls in a syrup). If you're not too spice tolerant stay away from the chili naan. Overall Loved this place!!Haven't had Indian food this good in years! The lamb Chettinad was phenomenal. Spicy and hearty. This is my new go to takeout spot.We look forward to dining at Aroma again in a few months. For now, they're really just ready for delivery or pick-up orders. We didn't know that, so I imagine that we shook their world, but they handled it pretty well as did we. The onion kulcha, kir kuri bhindi(fried okra), lamb chattinad, and shrimp masala were as good as any Indian food we've had, if not better. I wish I knew the name of the stellar employee working the counter and handling all of the food delivery people with the aplomb of a diplomat to the U.N.- he deserves a huge raise. The owner checked on us several times and gifted us with a dessert to go, which I have discovered to be gulab jamun- fried balls of dough soaked with an aromatic syrup. He said they will eventually have a better dining room in the next door space. Also, many extra points for the nice reusable containers they package food in, not styrofoam.Totally solid Indian. Veggie Pakora remind me of the ones Usha Sellers used to make (which is really good). Vindaloo was a little heavy handed with the seasoning. Sort of brute-forced the flavor, but I still enjoyed it. In brief: I will be eating more of the menu in the near future!When we walked in, the smell of seasoning hit us. Like the name, the aroma was just amazing. After taking our food home and finally digging in, all I can say is I'm a fan! So delicious, seasoned extremely well, and very spicy! We got the the Lamb Vindaloo, Lamb Kolhipuri, and Chili Naan. I highly recommend all three of these dishes and cannot wait to the others they offer. Aroma will take you on a spicy adventure!This place is relatively new and now sits where Subway used to be. What an upgrade! It was super easy to get in and get out of parking lot, and the food was ready faster than expected.
If you are a fan of Indian food, or have never had it before, you have to give this place a try. The Chicken Chittinad was very well done and was full of flavor and spices; there are actual chunks of peppers and other curry spices in the dish. It has a little heat to it, but just enough to add to the flavor of the dish. The naan was also spot on as far as texture goes. 
The staff was incredibly friendly and invited me to come in and just hang out with them. They were very social and great to interact with. If you are looking for a great spot for Indian food, you definitely have to check out Aroma!I ordered lamb korma and garlic naan. Service was fast and friendly. It was AMAZING!!! It was truly the best Indian food I've had, and Indian food is my favorite. The dining room was under renovation and will be closed soon to complete reno. Looking forward to when they are reopened!Highly disappointed in quality and tast.  Very small portion for the price you pay.  I don't know who's cooking the food but it not anyone from India. Wound not recommend to anyone who know what truly good Indian food tast like. If you don't know then I guess   It's passable. My guest barely ate there dinner.  Sorry for such bad review in these hard times. But get your act together.This was a delivery order.  The tikka masala was great.  The garlic naan was great.  The samosas were great.  I also ordered the lentil meal and it is so heavily salted that I'm going to try adding some vinegar which I've read can temper the salt.  It's too salty as it is.  I wanted a side of some kind of vegetable.  I also don't have an issue with salt, but these were just way too salty to be edible. I wish I knew if this was they way they are usually made or if someone over salted the lentils.I'm a big fan. I like my chicken tikka masala without pulp if you know what I mean. I'm not trying to have vegetables in the way when I'm smothering my naan in that sauce. Comes with a reasonable portion of basmati rice. Samosas were great.
The only letdown was the cheese naan. It was described as a naan stuffed with cheese but in fact its just a naan with cheese melted on top. And my garlic naan was burnt in places. I still ate everything and will absolutely come here again.This place is amazing. The service is excellent, they are a bit slow, its to be expected just starting during a pandemic. 
The food quality is superb. The dishes are all delicious as well.I have generally been unimpressed with Indian food in New Orleans, but Aroma is different! Seriously, everything was good, perfectly flavored and it's now our favorite Indian food in the city! 
We got the fried noodles (Indian-style Chinese food is a thing - get it!), chicken tikka, lamb boti kabob, chicken korma, and the peshwari naan. Everything was PERFECT and we'd order it all again. The peshwari naan is the best I've had so far and the chicken korma was a favorite. The meats were perfectly seasoned/grilled and as someone who doesn't really like lamb I was impressed. 
The menu is well priced and the serving sizes are generous. Will definitely be a frequent customer!The food here is soooo good! I've been looking for good Indian food here in the city for a long time and this place has the best! Really really delicious! 
Everyone there is so nice & the place is very clean. Prices are excellent! The food is fresh as well! 
I got the lamb chettinad, chili chicken, samosas & naan. Everything was 10/10. So excited this place is here & close to fill my craving.Food was AMAZING!!! Best Indian food in NOLA. Service was great as well. Will definitely be back!I am leaving this review because I would really like to see this restaurant succeed! If I were just reviewing the food alone, it would get 5 stars because everything was delicious. The reason for the two star review is due to the poor service and COVID precautions. I called in an order and requested curbside pickup and was told that they didn't offer curbside. When you google the restaurant it lists curbside pickup as an option - this discrepancy should be corrected or they should just start offering curbside pickup. I agreed to in store pickup and was told , "it will be ready in the next 30 minutes." I showed up exactly 30 minutes later and still had to wait another 25 minutes for my food. I even had to remind them of my order because it seemed like they had forgotten about me. None of the employees were wearing masks in contrast to every patron who was. They seemed to struggle handling to flow of orders and turning out plates on time, even while there was one employee who was literally just standing around doing nothing. I hope this place can get their act together because the food is truly delicious.Omg! You can literally taste their love for food and all the detail that goes into their preparation. Literally one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever tried! 
*ive ordered here 3 times and the naan is always totally undercooked but the rest of the order is so bomb that this doesn't matter.. 
Eat here you'll NOT regret it! Just tell them to leave the damnn naan on in the oven for 30 more seconds  
Best Indian food everThis might be the best Indian food in Nola. Won't recommend for sit down dinner but the food is good... Hope the Cooks and owner keep the same taste. We need a typical Indian food joint and this might serve the purpose..Really hyped about this new spot!! I haven't found anywhere I really love for Indian food in New Orleans with good quality and portions and also a decent price. This place went above and beyond and exceeded my expectations! Ordered takeout and it came fast and still warm. Highly recommend!They forgot to make our order. When I arrived, the worker at the counter had no idea about my order until he found the ticket under some receipts. I guess the guy who took my order just wrote it down and forgot immediately? Since they hadn't even started our food, I got food somewhere else because it was going to take so long to make our dishes. What a waste of my time.
Update: My wife ordered from them, and the food was delicious. Hopefully them messing up our first order was a rare mistake, and they have better service in the future. I hope this place succeeds!This new restaurant is a little hard to find on Claiborne, but it's a hidden gem! I've eaten a lot of food in New Orleans and this is the best you'll find without having to sit down and pay a lot more money. The prices are great and the portion size are pretty big, my fiancé and I order 2 entrees and an appetizer which lasted us 2 days. Will definitely be going back!We've enjoyed Aroma in the past, but when I ordered on Waitr yesterday, they had the driver call me over an hour after I'd ordered to say they didn't have any of the items I'd ordered online. Not even the naan!? When I asked why they hadn't called me, and said that I thought they needed to offer alternate items, I was hung up on. Won't order from Aroma again.I'm an Indian food snob after a month-long trip eating my way across Northern India. Aroma transported me back there through the spices, sauces, and yes, the aroma of the delicious dishes.
Indians eat family-style, where many items are passed around and shared. The sauces are sopped up with bread and ladled over fragrant rice. For this reason, I got the bread sampler and extra rice, which paired well with the creamy umptuousness of the malai kofta cashew sauce and spiciness of the channa masala chickpea curry.  
The star of this meal was the chili gobi; I've been searching for this preparation for years after first trying it at a remote monastery in Bir. While not as spicy as the original, this version was still delicious, somehow transforming cauliflower into savory, almost meaty morsels.
The delivery process was exceptional; quick, accurate, and packaged in reusable round containers. The portions are ample- be ready for leftovers! Would definitely order again.This spot near my work opened last week and my coworker let me snitch a couple of appetizers. Yum! Loved both the pakora and the samosa. So today we did a big group order (via an app) and got lunch for 4 of us who are in person at work today. 
We picked up (and they seem to mostly be dealing with app delivery) and the space has only a couple of tables and chairs so I think they are mostly doing takeout and almost no dine in at the moment. Both staffers put on masks when we arrived. 
I had palak paneer and my coworkers got a variety of dishes. All are tasty. Also they have fried bhindi aka fried okra. Yum!
They have been very grateful for our business both times we've been in. Indian can be hard to get in NOLA so super glad this place is close to work.I was in Nola for work recently and was craving Indian food. This place is the real thing and I knew it was going to be good as soon as the smells of delicious food hit me. It was take out only at the time, but I took it back to my hotel and finish all of the large servings in one sitting. It's that good! Thank you Aroma and you're now on my list of best NOLA food off the beaten paths out of the FQ. I'll definitely be back!Holy shemoly my lamb chettinad and cheese naan were amazing. The lamb was tender and cooked to perfection and the spices and seasoning were on point. To my surprise the portion was much larger in person than in the photos. It's enough to make three or four meals depending on how hungry I am!  I am so excited I no longer have to drive to Metairie when I'm in the mood for Indian which will be more often since finding Aroma.  Currently they do not have in house dining available but they offer takeout or delivery through grubhub or Uber eats etc.My fiancée is from Tamil Nadu (state in Southern India) and was delighted to find that the chefs here are also from there. The food immediately reminded him of home, something we rarely find as many places serve mostly North Indian food. Don't plan to sit and eat, there is no ambiance in this little place just yet, (they are expanding) but get your food to go, it will be worth it!
We loved the rasam, paneer kadai, chili gobi, chicken korma, and garlic naan. And the mango laasi was nice and thick (the way I like it).I have ordered twice from Aroma and both times were great. I have had the garlic naan, tikka masala, palak paneer and chicken biryani and I would absolutely order them all again. They are super fast and polite and everything is packaged in reusable containers (no styrofoam!) I highly recommend this the next time you are looking for delicious take out.We had the garlic naan, samosas, chicken tikka masala, and dal makhani. Overall the food was pretty good! The dal had great flavor. The chicken was not over cooked, which can be hard to find from local Indian places, and the flavor was okay (not bad, just different than others I have had). Will definitely give this place another try!While the restaurant is located in an unlikely place, it is aptly named as the aromas are indeed divine and can be already smelled from across the street. The food was exceptional as well. I wish the rice was a little fluffier. Perhaps next time should try one of their specialty rice side dishes instead of the default white basmati rice, which was just that- plain white rice. 
The staff were also very nice.I've always been highly disappointed with the Indian food here in New Orleans, all the traditional restaurants just didn't do it for me in quality and taste and any good restaurants for more Indian fusion which is just not what I was looking for. So, I was so excited when I learned about aroma and it is honestly been fantastic every single time I've ordered from there. The food is incredibly fresh and tasty. Highly recommendDelicious! We were really happy that this place opened up. More good Indian near us...we had takeout and it was all delicious.This food is fantastic. Been desperate for good Indian food. I'll change to five stars if they stay consistent. 
I will definitely order again.This is the best Indian food in New Orleans. Food is delicious. For now it's carry out only, but they have dine- in only. As with any great restaurant, they are busy. I recommend ordering ahead for pick up. They are on Uber Eats and Grubhub as well. I highly recommend this restaurant. I am a regular here. My favorite dishes are chicken tikka masala, paneer tikka masala and butter chicken. Their Garlic naan is out of this world!  The Samosa chat is EXCELLENT!! If you're in the mood for an amazing Indian meal, try this place out. You won't be disappointed.This is some really good AUTHENTIC (No, Saffron doesn't count) Indian food in New Orleans.
Boyfriend and I ordered this to go, we got Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken. We also got Garlic Naan and Cheese Naan. Both dishes were pretty solid, though I preferred the Chickens Tikka over the Butter Chicken. I also thought the Cheese Naan was Phenomenal.
Would come back here again, and it's so easy too since it's right off the Claiborne Exit. That being said, it is a bit hard to find...Well whaddya know - Nola's got OPTIONS for Indian food now! Imagine my surprise when I see this Indian joint pop up on campus so you know I had to check it out. Given the pandemic, we've been doing a lot to-go so I called in my order for some naans, aloo gobi, bhindi, indo-asian noodles, raita, onions and green chilies on the side (a little GERD never hurt nobody...yet). 
Everything was beautifully packed in high quality containers - yeah, the ones you wanna save - and ready for pick up when in about ~20 minutes. Hopefully I don't ruin this for us but the portions were very generous especially for the price!
To my understanding, Aroma has two chefs on board who spent time in NY but are originally from Tamil Nadu. Regardless, they've got this Indian food thing on lock! Go check them out and get your family style feast going!The burst of flavors this meal was absolutely divine! Me and my friend ordered the shrimp tikki masala, buttered chicken, the bread basket, and the samosas! Definitely will be back!Having lived in Chicago for years and being used to some great Indian food - Aroma has made our evening!
Even though there were hardly any reviews for this restaurant, we decided to take a chance and ordered through Uber Eats.
My husband has finally found his happy place for his chicken vindaloo fetish.  Seeing him devour his plate, only confirmed my suspicion that this is a hidden gem.
If you need authentic Indian food, just go ahead and order from here. You will not be disappointed!For the record, I am here on a Tuesday night. The window is open for takeout. However, there is no seating. Also, there is no menu.Nearby, affordable, and such a great taste. Though there are few Indian restaurants around Nola, they are either fine-dining or far from where I live. Moreover,  the nearby ones are not affordable as Aroma. I had samosa chaat and it was incredible. Hats off to the chefs!Great Indian food. Prices are excellent, too. First order we had butter chicken, chicken gongura, lamb pepper fry, and briyani rice with no added protein. All were really delicious. And of course garlic naan!Was traveling uptown to do some shopping and stopped in for the first time. The food was great! I've never had Indian food before and it was a treat. Will definitely come back again soon. The garlic naan was absolutely amazing!! Thanks againI feel like I have gone here several times in this month... this food is so good.. I am ashamed to say how many times I've been here.  The Lamb  Korma is to die for!!  I'll be back multiple times!I've been missing good Indian food, and jumped at the opportunity when I saw the menu left on my door. Probably the best Indian I've had so far in town. Ordered the Lamb Vindaloo, Shrimp Pepper Fry and Chili Chicken. Everything was fresh and full of flavor and was ready to pick up in no time. Definitely will be back.This is my 4th time to order from here and they do not disappoint!! Easily my favorite restaurant. My mission is to try everything on the menu. They knock it outta the park every time. Can't say enough good things  Do yourself a favor and order up.Awesome little spot in near Benz Stadium. When you get out of the car you can already smell the goodness and cook inside.
Today I ordered the butter chicken and garlic non-the side of chili chicken. The total was surprising that it was only $23. What a freaking deal!
The food was phenomenal and the service was fantastic! Bryan (Running the register) was freaking awesome!
Highly recommend this spot.The most legit Indian food I have eaten in New Orleans. I ordered a couple of lamb dishes, the paneer and the garlic naan, all great. The business is mostly take-out and delivery but its worth going in for as the name says the aroma hits you when you enter, it will clean out your nostrils. The food is spiced perfectly and the owner is a very nice guy.Excellent food. Tried the spicy cauliflower, garlic naan, samosa, butter chicken, chicken vindaloo and all were delicious!discovered Aroma through Uber eats. Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala & garlic naan. Holy moly. 
eating delicious Indian food is like receiving a bear hug! It's so comforting, warming, & makes you feel so loved.
Also tried the Lamb Vindaloo, Paneer Tikka Masala, Pepper Chicken, chili naan, & cheese naan. 
Haven't disliked anything, honestly, really loved everything !!
Had a few first timers for Indian food to eat with me because family style is the only style lol. & they all really loved it as well ! Never been to the location but bubs said it's a take out spot.
Definitely adding Aroma into my weekly rotation dining spot.Aroma is an apt name for this fine little establishment. As soon as we walked in, it smelled so good, I knew the food was going to be delightful--and it was. They don't seem to do dine-in as the place is not really set up for it. They have a table by the window, but it looks like their business is primarily take-out, delivery services, and catering. 
I tried the samosas, an amazing veggie korma (not on the menu), rice that accompanies it, and plain naan, hot out the oven with butter. Stellar, all of it. Seriously, not a bad bite in this whole meal. Best korma I've had in NOLA thus far. It was richly creamy, veggies perfectly cooked, and flawlessly spiced. Might have liked it a tad bit hotter but my stomach will probably appreciate that it was on the mild side. 
Prices were decent. I split the samosas with my friend, so my meal came to around 25 with the tax and tip. 
Next time I'll order grubhub since they're in a weird locale, right next to the freeway, but day-umm, this food was good. The staff were nice and accommodating, and asked how we liked things. We loved it, my friend agreed too.Food is delicious but the portion sizes are too small to continue paying $20 per meal. 5 pieces of chicken each times doesn't cut it.We dined in at Aroma tonight and very much enjoyed the food. We started out with a brothy soup called rasam.  Our server and coowner Anthony assured us that it would cure what ailes you and comes from the south of India. For appetizer we had the vegetable Pakora and the chili paneer, both were amazing. For our mains we had the Aloo Gobi and chicken vindaloo, both very tasty. There are plenty of vegan and vegetarian options on the menu. Aroma offers dine in as well as take away.  Many thanks to Anthony and Jay for a terrific dinner!Incredible! the finest Indian food in the City. Poor location is worth going out of your way to get there. Everyone behind the counter is Indian - that's a hint. Puts the other area Indian restaurants to shame. Ridiculously low prices for huge servings. Very fast take out only for now.  If you know Indian food, THIS is the only place worth visiting.Best indian food in Nola. Super expensive though and do not offer dine-in. The butter chicken and naan are an amazing combo. Garlic naan is too salty.I was scrolling through UberEATS when I saw Aroma listed as a new restaurant and clicked to see their menu. I haven't had Indian food in a while so I decided to order a few things and give them a try. I impatiently waited for my food and dug in.
I had ordered the lamb vindaloo, chili chicken, biryani rice, and bread basket. The lamb vindaloo is amazing! The spices in the sauce and the tenderness of the lamb paired with the basmati rice were above my expectations. The chili chicken was spicy enough to have me reaching for my drink and some naan. The bread basket consisted of butter naan, garlic naan, and onion kulcha. The butter naan and garlic naan were your typical naan but the onion kulcha was new to me. It's naan that's filled with onions, spices and herbs and I enjoyed it the most out of the three. The rice biryani was delicious and I think for my next order I'll have to get their chicken biryani. The serving sizes aren't small so I'm definitely looking forward to eating my leftovers!Been eyeing Aroma for awhile. Finally got the chance to try it out. Ordered online for pick up. It was ready in 30 minutes. We ordered the samosas, chicken 65, bread basket, lamb vindaloo, and chicken tikka masala. It was packed really well and everything was hot. Samosas were wonderful and do come with one mint chutney. Loved the chicken 65 and it wasn't too spicy. Both the vindaloo and tikka masala were great. I loved the onion kulcha that came in the bread basket and will be ordering it on repeat moving forward. Aroma is definitely going in the rotation. I was already thinking about the things I was going to order next time before finishing my meal. Note it does feel pricey, but we definitely can get three meals out of what we ordered for two people. Well worth it to me.