Best sushi around town in nola. Best quality fish. The rolls have less rice and more stuffing. My favorite rolls are nemo, shaggy dog, and the rice paper roll. Its a must try! Avocado popper is one my fav appetizers. The owner is so nice and service is awesome! Come check this place out if your near. Better than mikimoto!Everything was great, food, service and ambiance.
I rarely enjoy the soup at sushi restaurants and the salad is sometimes lacking in flavor, but both the miso soup and ginger salad were on point.
The crunchy rolls were fresh and delicious!
The hibachi rice, steak, shrimp and noodles were seasoned well and cooked to order. 
The only negative is that they don't serve fountain drinks, only bottles, so no free refills. However, I haven't had a Sprite this strong and tasty in sometime. 
Lastly, the service from Nick was great. He was very knowledgeable, personable and fast. And he is hilarious. They should just install a stage in the center of the restaurant and give him a mic.My new fave place, super fresh sashimi thick center cuts, nice staff, I can't wait to go back to try more!  It's small and not in a fancy area but its better than any St. Charles or Magazine spot. I asked for extra wasabi and ginger and got exactly that.  The salmon was some of the best I've had anywhere, melted in my mouth.  The other cuts just perfect.  The octopus super fresh and soft.  The miso soup was exactly how its supposed to be if you like the real thing and I could tell their ginger salad dressing was made in house.  I don't really eat rolls I'm a sashimi purist but will be checking out the other items with a non sashimi eating friend soon.  I'm a happy camper.  If you don't like the place you don't know good fish.  If all you want is something cooked in front of you go to some other crappy place for Anericanized sub par fried rice and flavorless cooked food.  THIS is a great sushi bar.  I was born and raised in Hawaii, I know fresh fish and this place rocks...it really is a hidden gem!Amazing!!! Had the Nemo, LSU and the Saints go go go rolls!!! I use to frequent Hana and Mikimoto, this place is between the two if you are heading down Carrolton, but trust me, this place gives them both a run for their money-go here !! It is the best sushi I have had in NOLA! I am just so excited about this place. I came here on Friday after reading the yelp reviews and am back again this Saturday..I really enjoyed the sushi here . It was fresh, tasty and good quality . The service was fast and friendly . It's a small place so the setting is intimate . I think this may be my new favorite sushi spot . I can't wait to go back and try more .I eat here almost an embarrassingly often number of times. But I feel no shame because these people are great at what they do. Consistently high quality food and  preparation. Friendly. 6 stars.Delicious sushi, great prices and wonderful service! We had the El Diablo roll, Metairie roll and I can't remember the other one:/ BUT of course that one was our favorite. They have photos of most everything on the menu though, which I love. Must try place!Best sushi in New Orleans. Hands down. Great quality for very fair prices. And they will let you BYOB!!! Highly recommend the Koi roll, LSU roll, and the Mango roll.I want everyone to know that Asuka is STILL the BEST sushi in town, and I have now tried quite a few. Every time I think to myself "Oh, I'll try that other place tonight, just to be different" or "this place is right in front of me and it's the only option" I am only supremely let down because it is NEVER as good as what I can get here, and it is usually more expensive to boot. I have only had fantastic service, whether it was lunch, dinner, or take-out, so I really can't relate to anyone saying differently. My husband and I only go once a month or less but we are apparently regulars nonetheless as at least one hostess/waitress knows us by name (and we primarily do take-out). Please give this place a shot, and make sure you try the chef's salad (spiralized cucumber and heavenly sauce and other yummies), the Nemo Roll, the No-rice Roll, El Diablo, Sexy Girl Roll, Tuna and Tuna, and I could go on forever because we've tried so much and it is all stellar. Of particular note is the above-and-beyond quality of the fish, especially the salmon. I have never had salmon so delicious. PLEASE eat here because I never want to face a world where Asuka is not there to make delicious sushi.If you are near Ochsner do yourself a favor ant try this place. Without yelp I would have driven right by it! Absolutely fantastic food and service. A gleaming gem in an interesting neighborhood! This time had the tuna and tuna and one of the rice free rolls. Can't wait to eat my day through the menu a roll at a time.My experience here was great! Yes, it's a small establishment but they offer great service. Don't expect this place to be loaded with servers like other sushi places around town. I'm generally carb conscious when I'm eating out. I'm so glad they offered some rolls with no rice. I tried the Snow Crab Naruto roll and the BR Roll. I think I'm in love with the BR Roll! I loved both rolls! I loved it so much I had to order a couple of orders to go to share with my family. Everyone loved it! I'll definitely come back again. You should give it a try!Yay for fresh and tasty sushi with lots of creativity in the specialty rolls that are available.  Yes, it used to be a Daiquiri drive-thru, and yes, on driving past you probably would drive straight past.  However, don't let appearances be deceiving.  Asuka Sushi is VERY clean inside.  They've been open for about a year and will soon have their  license so you can enjoy a beer with your meal too, but in the meantime, you can bring your own.  This was our first visit and we will be back.  We had the Louisiana roll and the Red Devil roll - both lightly fried, but very lightly fried and so delicious.  We also had the El Diablo roll.  We would reorder all three rolls next time, yes even if that was tomorrow!   We also tried a side of the hibachi shrimp and rice and it was good.Great food reasonable prices. Currently byob.  If you like spicy the Mexican roll was my favorite.The sushi was very good...we ordered an entree with a variety to share.  We also ordered some hibachi entrees...the meat dishes were somewhat overdone.  Probably not their strong point.I would give it 6 stArs if I could. Best sushi I've ever had. Our server Nick was incredible. He made great recommendations for my unique palate. The more crowded the dining room became the more obvious it was that he could handle anything. Will come back whenever I return to NOLA. The owner greeted us warmly & chefs prepared sushi within view.Delicious! I tried to order online and it told me my address was out of their delivery range, so I called and placed my order and they gladly delivered! Will def order from here againWhoa!  I was not quite prepared for this.  This the perfect humble little neighborhood sushi bar gem.  Haven't yet found one in NOLA.  Not fancy but comfy.  Why do I like it so much?  Because the sashimi is freshest and best I have had in this city.  We only got one roll (black and gold) which was solid and prepared with care.  
But the killer was the sashimi dinner for $20.  The fish was ungodly fresh and delicious.  The yellow tail killed me but the escolar was the best piece of sashimi I have EVER eaten.  U can order this plate without certain items so if you don't like giant clam, they'll sub out something else.
Oh BTW...they have fresh wasabi, the real stuff.  To die for.  And they deliver and cater... so next Saints game can have a sushi second half.Look past its seemingly unwelcoming exterior for incredible sushi in an actually very welcoming interior! I always get the salmon sashimi when I go--it's simply the best in town--but the rolls are great too. It'd be hard to go wrong with your order!Wow! Defiantly don't judge a book by its cover! This place was amazing. Staff is really friendly. I had the snow crab Naruto and Louisiana roll. Boyfriend had the steak and chicken hibachi..needless to say we sat in silence bc everything was extremely delicious. Happy food dance approved! Will be coming backThis is what real sushi houses should be modeled after. Family owned and they actually roll the sushi right out in the open, meaning no pre-made stuff here folks. The waiter was a nice young man and was very attentive and polite. Will return soon.Recently discovered this place while looking for delivery sushi on Yelp.
Have to say, it is absolutely my favorite sushi restaurant in New Orleans. The fish is fresh, the prices are reasonable, and the delivery option is an automatic plus. Never again will I have to order from the comparatively subpar Mikimoto.
I absolutely recommend "The Tower" appetizer. It is my favorite dish on the menu.
Some negatives - the actual restaurant isn't in the most convenient location or neighborhood, and the space is a little small. The Hibachi options are passable and the anime poster decor is...interesting. 
Even so, I don't plan on going anywhere else for Sushi in New Orleans anymore.
Closed Sundays.This is the best overall sushi joint in NOLA proper. We frequent it regularly and haven't had a bad meal yet. The Aloha and Nemo rolls are favorites as is The Tower. Their hibachi rice side dish can turn a couple of pieces of sushi into a whole meal for just 3 bucks more. I am perplexed by the people who don't like Nick- he is part of the reason we love this place. Nice as can be and really knows how to be a professional server- remembers little tidbits about us and I always enjoy even brief interactions with him. I think perhaps some people don't know what humor is, but more sushi for me. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.My second visit here- very impressed.  Our server Nick was exceptional!  He was the only server and maintained a high level of personal attention to all tables in the dining room. He knows the menu well and made some great recommendations. Wish I lived closer so I could come more often.Found this gem on Yelp and we took a gamble and won! Amazing sushi and service! I loved that they had an option for everyone ie if you want sushi, they had quality fish, and if you wanted fun rolls, they have that too.
We were really impressed with the sushi, the salmon, hamachi, escarole and tuna, and would have gotten more if we could have fit it. 
We got a few rolls too, my favorite were the rocky roll and the nemo, but all were great. 
This place is total hole in the wall gem, just remember to bring your booze as they are still getting their liquor license.I absolutely love Asuka!  We order take out from them at least once a week.  The staff is always very friendly and helpful and the food is delicious.  I highly recommend the Hibachi Noodles and/or Rice.We've chosen this place by positive reviews on yelp and headed for the address. Upon arrival we thought we got in the wrong place- the parking lot is kinda small, easy to miss(which we did) inside it's really tiny as well,with just a few tables. No hibachi tables( it's cooked in the kitchen)but I'm so glad we stayed! The food was great. First-miso soup was just right for our liking-saturated enough but not too salty. Rolls, even though looked pretty regular, tasted absolutely ah-mazing! Fresh, not too much fake crab meat, neatly packed. And hibachi-y'all have to give it a try. No oily buttery taste, hint of garlic with rice. Noodles-just the right texture, kids ate them in no time! Shrimps-good size and even better taste. We had Tiger Roll and Crazy White Fish( deep fried roll), while at it I have to mention- they have a variety of fried rolls. Our server was Louis, he made our visit very welcome. While he was pretty busy with other tables as well, he always made nice remarks, checked on us, kept friendly conversation with children and did drink refills in timely manner ( however, they don't have soda machine- kid's sprite came in bottle).  We will defiantly come by again to try other rolls that we couldn't possibly fit in our overjoyed tummies this time.I leave reviews rarely. The thing is, I ate at this restaurant a year ago for my birthday and I cannot stop thinking about it still. I almost want to make the drive from Houston just to be able to have it on my birthday again this week. The sashimi was insane. The tuna and ponzu (I think) appetizer had my boyfriend and I craving it forever after. The TEMPURA CHEESECAKE blew me away. I would leave more stars if I could. One of the best meals I've ever had.Very good sushi.  The place is sketchy but don't get alarmed. The outside is very broken down but the inside is great. The food was good and worth remembering. Probably top 3 sushi place in new Orleans.Our server, Nick, provided great consumer service. He recommendations were wonderful.  The food was amazing.  I'll be backWow - just got incredible sushi delivered to my front door!!! Great fresh fish put together with creative spices - the price was very reasonable and the driver arrived on time! Highly recommend!I eat sushi weekly/bi-weekly. I made this my new go-to place.  I just really like the freshness & quality. Delivery is slow, but they do deliver! I have had an issue with placing an order online, so I recommend calling it in.OMB!!!  Oh my Buddha, for those of u who are not in the know.
Can't believe this place is a five minute drive from our place and we had never been.  Probably because it's pretty inconspicuous, and it's kinda in a somewhat sketch area.  But, don't let that stop you!  It's small inside, but has a nice vibe... Lots of anime pics on the wall too.  The hubby and I went for an early dinner and were the only ones there.  Staff was super friendly and the food came out quick.
Here's the run down:
For our appetizer we had the seaweed salad.  Fesh, cold and delicious!
For dinner, we just got three special rolls.  The New Orleans, the Nemo and the Black and Gold.  The New Orleans was by far the best of the three.  A little bit of everything with an added crunch.  The Black and Gold was the prettiest, with more roe then I could ever ask for... But, it didn't have enough eel for my taste.
Overall, great find!  We will definitely be back!My husband and I love Asuka! We get it to-go weekly. Great quality and prices.This is probably the BEST sushi I've ever had.   It's so fresh and unique.  So far we've had the Aloha Roll, the El Diablo Roll, the Sumo Roll, and the Rice Paper Roll.  We've also had the Seafood Salad and the Cajun Seafood Salad.  I can't say which one was best because each time I get something I'm convinced it's the best thing I've ever had and it's my new favorite thing.   I hesitate to post this because I don't want it to get crazy and get too crowded.  But on the other hand, it's so good, they deserve for it to be popular.  Location is iffy, simply because it's in a small space, shared with an obviously popular Honduran restaurant, which I haven't tried yet, but I will soon.  The parking lot is small, but there is neighborhood street parking.   Go there.  Now.  It's good.This place exceeded our expectations.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but the food and service is world class... The food is full of flavor and so fresh!!! This is the best Japanese place I've been to in nolaThis place is hit or miss. Don't expect high quality sushi here. But it's also not the worse in town. Some days their sushi is fresh & other days it smells like rotten fish. Last time Hibachi chicken was soaked in some sort of disgusting sweet sauce & the chicken tasted like rubber.The outside might not be the best but the food was so good! We got apps and sushi rolls. They were all good! The El Diablo roll was amazing!The food is pretty good but the service was slow tonight. The only server here was Nick who clearly needed help. The only time the owner (Asia lady) assisted him with something was when she wanted to collect money and turn tables to make her more money.This is the best, freshest sushi I have found in NOLA. We love sushi and have eaten it all over the US. The first time I ever ate raw fish it was on a boat, right out of South Pacific. You can trust us to recommend good sushi. Asuka is it.As you drive up you will def think "should I really be eating fish from this shady shack"? The answer is YES! 
Once you step inside you find yourself in a very traditional sushi restaurant with a very corky waiter.
Order by putting the number of rolls you want on the sheet provided. My advice, be adventures everything will be very fresh and tasty. 
My favorites are The Tower and the Devil Roll. When you eat the tower make sure to include wasabi peas in your bite it will add a nice kick to it.
Great for lunch, dinner or a date. Only downside is parking is very limited.
Lesson of the day "don't judge a restaurant by its cover" ;-)The sushi may be good but the service was not. I used to order delivery frequently now not at all. No matter how many times I asked for wasabe they did not send it. The sushi itself is amazing. The sushi apps are some of the most creative yet delicately delightful items I have had the pleasure of eating. However, even the best dining experiences can be tarnished when a main item is missing and when you specifically ask for said item and its still not delivered well that can be infuriating.Parking lot is more like a scrap of concrete and seating is very limited. I have been twice with a party of four and five and i get the feeling that 5 is the limit for a party. I had the same male waiter on both occasions an he was...different . I don't know how to describe it. He's a bit on the strange side but you can tell that he wants you to enjoy your food. The sushi is top notch and I occasionally daydream about the Aloha Roll. Go here now before they get too popular and experience the odd waiter.Pretty good sushi yall!!! Good place to hang out and have some conversation. Also the prices aren't to badHands down best, freshest sushi in New Orleans for unbeatable prices. This is the opinion of everyone I know that has been there as wellBest sushi in the city!!! The Nemo roll and the Pesce Maguro were delicious! Everything is fresh and yummy!This is our favorite neighborhood sushi joint. The food is excellent and the service is stellar. I particularly like their hibachi noodles. The decor is nice and not pretentious.New Orleans was missing out on better sushi but now Asuka has arrived.  No more pedestrian excuse for sushi.  Beautifully prepared.  Intersection of art and food.  Fish so fresh it melts in your mouth.  Excellent no rice sushi options.  
Only negatives are no liquor license and a very funky location.  Otherwise I'd give it 5 stars.  Liquor can be had at the Hispanic bar next door.  The food is 5 star quality though.  Try the hamachi apps and the house special sushi.  
Finally some real sushi in NOLA!Ordered for pick up.
Fresh fish. Decent hibachi rice.
Not my favorite sushi restaurant, probably won't order again because they do not deliever to our neighborhood.Asuka is so far away from any restaurants of its type  but it's worth the drives even though the negatives.
Positives are that the food is great and can be customized however you desire. It's a nice, small but quaint place create for a date.
Negatives are that the service is very poor. They really need help with its server. The main server was very forgetful and sometimes tried too hard causing him to miss the target.This was good but not as good as I had hoped.  I really enjoyed the sashimi and my daughter liked her sushi.  The steak hibachi was really only average as were my wife's veggies.  The atmosphere is casual but cute.  There is not reason not to come here but it didn't blow us away.Growing up in and around New Orleans, I've had my fair share of sushi and I can confidently say this is the best around, and some of the cheapest. It's absolutely fabulous. The service is always quick and the wait staff is never unfriendly. In fact, our waiter was serving a bottle of sake to another table that had the name "haiku" and he recited an original haiku as he poured it that he came up with on the way to the table. The food is always perfect. You can splurge here for $15 a head and you can't say that for a lot of restaurants today.
I recommend the BR roll (I typically get it without cream cheese), crazy roll, and habachi rice side (it's only $2.95 and works so well as a side to room temp sushi)My husband and I have ate here quite a few times. Their food is absolutely delicious! I love the hibachi rice and I think they are the only ones that have the yum yum sauce! It's a little pricy, but it's well worth the money!!!Ok so don't be put off by the location!! This place is super adorable inside. It's very... Quaint and cozy. The staff is really friendly and patient (took me forever to pick what I wanted since I'm indecisive)... They have pictures of all the rolls (super helpful). Prices are decent. We had edamame, the house salad, shaggy dog roll, hibachi steak, and beef teriyaki. Roll was impressive (came out quickly), and both kitchen dinners were great (cooked to correct temperatures). Overall great experience in an unsuspecting place. Our server and sushi chef Johnny and Louis was hilarious and sweetFood was mad delicious. It was the first hibachi restaurant I've been to where the food was prepared in the back, but this did not take away from the experience, and it was plated better than any hibachi I've seen also. Anime art on the walls, odd choice which we found different and fun. 
The best part was our server, Nick. Very down to earth dude, did not recommend the most expensive thing on the menu to us or any other customers. Super funny. I'd totes be homies with Nick if I lived here. I mean of course that would have to be a mutual thing... but Nick would be my homie, right?
Great food, service and atmosphere.Such a great lil sushi find! This place is small but super clean, the parking lot is snug with no a lot of parking but the food definitely makes up for the lack of space.
Our waiter Nick was so nice, polite and quick.
I got the BR roll and my husband had the chicken hibachi plate (yes they have hibachi, no hibachi tables though) We had edamame as an app. Everything was great! We will definitely return to try out more rolls !!Cheap, fresh, local, small business and they deliver! Basically this is everything you want in a sushi spot...no reason to go anywhere else...that is unless you can get over the sketchy location lolFirst off, if you're not paying attention, you will drive right pass this place. However, the sushi rolls here are exceptionally good. My personal favorite so far is lion King roll. I also had other rolls such as lsu roll and Louisiana roll, also delicious as well.Went here for my daughter's 11th birthday dinner with family! She loves anything Japanese, so I made it my job to find her a great Japanese Restaurant. This place food was great! Our Server Nick was Superb :-) When we finished our dinner we ordered dessert and he brought it out with a candle and dim the lighting. She loved it and I love when she is happy. Food was very reasonable. Only draw back is that it was pack that night and some of our party couldn't sit with us. Other than that we all enjoyed it!Asuka is easily New Orleans' best kept sushi secret.  All of the rolls are on. freaking. point.  One thing I can't stand about a lot of sushi joints in New Orleans is the lack of authenticity.  I totally get that we live in a city where po-boys are the end-all, be-all... but that doesn't need to translate into nearly all the specialty rolls available at a sushi spot (fried shrimp, fried oyster, etc.).  It's creative, but it's not sushi.  
Asuka, on the other hand, has a diverse array sushi rolls to choose from, even if fried rolls are your thing.  My personal favorites are Queen of the Sea, Tuna & Tuna, and Dynamite.  Though honorable mention goes to Aloha (that mango, though...) and El Diablo.  I can't say for certain since I haven't tried them all, but I'd be willing to bet that you'd be happy with any roll.  Good seaweed salad and miso, too.
The service is super friendly and quick.  I love how fresh the fish always is.  I've certainly never had a bad experience with Asuka.  Try it if you're in a sushi slump; you will NOT regret it!Really great sushi! Fresh and exactly what we wanted. Wait staff very friendly as well.This sushi restaurant is a good value for its price. It's cheap, like 3 dollars for a basic roll and decent quality. If you're looking for decent sushi on a budget, this place is it. The seaweed salad is also a great price for the size. If it's happy hour time, I'd recommend sake cafe over this place.Sketchy location, great food. It was raining so it smelled a little like dirty dishes but the food made up for it. Deff recommend.I have to say that this isn't the best sushi place in the city, but its better than anything in it's price range. I have loved this place for a while and only recently started going there for lunch. Today I had the sushi lunch. 6 pieces of sushi, a cali roll, a salad, miso soup, and water for $10.85 including tax. It was amazing! The sushi was huge and the portion was great! Honestly the sushi was far better than the roll. My favorite was the salmon. It melted in my mouth and was a delight to eat!
Asuka has some of the best sushi for this price point anywhere! If I have a hot date I could take her to one of the impersonal sushi places that require a suit and tie, or I can bring her to Asuka. A place that has great atmosphere, a family that runs it, and delicious sushi without breaking my wallet.I've dined in at Asuka twice now and enjoyed myself thoroughly both times. It's a small joint but the staff is extremely friendly and your food comes out quick and well prepared. Prices are reasonable and the menu variety is comparable to nearby restaurants Hana or Mikimoto. On my last lunchtime visit I had the snow crab salad special, which was a generous portion of crab topped elegantly with avocado and roe. It's a great deal at three dollars. 
The lunch roll special gets you two rolls of your choosing, soup and salad. The miso is savory and salty like it should be and the salad was one of the best I've had in a Japanese restaurant- the dressing was creamy and tangy, whereas Mikimoto's is thin and bitter. 
I've previously had the Chicken Teriyaki and the Hibachi Beef as takeout and the takeout experience was flawless. The proteins are executed well but it was the hibachi rice that stands out in my memory- that savory, crispy mass of carbs is something special. We fed three people that night for less than 30 dollars, which for the neighborhood is better than you'll do at Five Happiness, Mikimoto or Cafe Nino. 
Give these guys a shot- everyone in the neighborhood would like to see more development along Earhart, but it won't happen unless we support the people who take the risk of opening up in an unconventional location.The food was okay, but the prices were high for the portions. The service was fine, but the atmosphere was definitely lacking warmth or excitement.Best hole in the wall sushi place around!!! I hate trying new sushi places unless I've heard excellent reviews. This sushi restaurant is located close to my boyfriend's house so I decided to give it a chance. I'm so glad I did, I got a miso soup and dragon roll. Both were awesome! Sushi prices are excellent! Def cannot beat! Food was ready in about 15 minutes! We will be back.This place was a hidden gem! The inside was pretty cool and I'm weird but I really liked the bowls they used for the soup and the salads. 
The food was so good!! And very reasonably priced. We got 7 rolls of sushi for about $60! I think that's pretty awesome. My favorite roll was definitely the Aloha. The sauce is so delicious with it and their fish is super fresh. 
The seating inside is pretty small and limited, and the parking is scarce but it's totally worth it. And I found it pretty sweet that they offered delivery!
I would definitely recommend this place this anyone, and plan on going back someday!My first time here. Nice vibe inside, and the food was delicious, however...
It's rare that I post anything negative as I'm easy to please but it took quite a while to get the food on the table. A little over 30 minutes for me and I'm pretty sure the waitress forgot to place my girlfriends order as that took about 45 minutes only after asking about it shortly after I got mine. I understand things happen but honesty, apologies, and coupons will make me happy in any circumstance. None of that happened. Other than the lengthy wait and no alcohol to pass the time I would've given them 4 stars instead of 3. Good luck.This place is great for sushi fans and non-fans alike! My boyfriend and I stopped in to try the lunch specials, which are very reasonably priced. He ordered one of the sushi lunch specials and was very pleased with the quantity, quality, and variety of the sushi that he received. Since sushi is not my thing, I ordered the hibachi steak, and WOW, it was delicious. The steak was tender and flavorful, the vegetables were cooked just right, and the hibachi rice was perfection. All in all, an absolutely delicious meal for a very reasonable price.this place is the best ! i have spent an absurd amount of money here because it is so delicious. the dinner 5 cooked roll is such a good deal, and i love their avocado popper. thanks, asuka!!!!I ate here for the first one on Friday- and it did not disappoint!! First of al, the service was wonderful. Our waiter was attentive, quirky and engaging. My husband and I split a crunchy till to start. And then we each got a steak and chicken hibachi plate for our meal- which comes with rice, vegetables, soup and salad. The roll was delicious, as was the salad (divine dressing!), rice, vegetables and meat. The only thing I didn't care for was the soup, but my husband really liked it. Overall, it was a great experience and we can't wait to return!!I've been meaning to write a review for Asuka for a while now. This is the kind of place that you want to be successful- great service, friendly staff, delicious food and reasonable prices. It's hard to find good hibachi in the area, and Asuka does it well! Sushi is great too. Take out is speedy and online ordering is also efficient. We'll be back again soon!This place is a hole in the wall but very good! We ordered the Louisiana Roll, the Asuka Roll, California Roll (not just because I'm from there but because that's all my son will eat), the Tiger Eye and the Steak and Chicken Hibachi. Everything was great! The rice on the Hibachi was so good! My favorite sushi place to go to is Rock n Sake but we decided to try this because it's cheaper and gets good reviews on Yelp and I have to say, I'm glad we tried this place. The only downfall is the lack of sushi chefs so it takes awhile for you to get your food. But they were very nice and the food was great! The Vanilla Mochi was awesome, the mango was okay. I usually get strawberry but they did not have it. I would eat here again and it's a plus because it's close by.BLUF:  Best sushi in Mid-City (not many options...but still).  Very friendly service in a small cute little restaurant.  Good menu options with helpful pictures.  
Yesterday was my birthday.  We felt like sushi but were tired of Tokyo (nothing wrong with Tokyo).  Asuka is in a weird location but glad we went.  Just a few tables so we were surprised we didnt have to wait.  One waitress but she was super nice.  Cheap $4 glasses of wine.  
We got 4 rolls between the two of us and it was the perfect amount.  I have no clue what we ordered but they were all amazing.  We got 2 that didnt have rice and they were great.  All of them had substantial amount of fish in them as well which was nice.  Prices were fine.  
Really a great place and we'll be back the next time we want sushi in our neighbhorhood.Well worth the trip for Sushi in a town that lacks on awesome Asian food. Spicy Cajun Salad was great and Escolar (white tuna) that melts in your mouth. We will be back!!!Interesting menu.  Delicious light options.   Loved the Pesce Maguro - tuna sashimi wasabi yuzu sauce and truffle oil.   Beautiful Hamachi and perfect rice paper rollBest sushi in the city. Very friendly staff. The rolls always taste fresh. I never tire of the N.O. roll. Try the Tulane roll as well. Haven't been disappointed yet.This was probably the grossest Japanese I've ever had. Got it take out and the rice tasted fishy. Don't recommendLove this place!
Sashimi is great. You get a lot and it is always fresh.
Reasonably priced wine and we love Nick, our waiter!
We tend to stick to our favorites: crab salad and nemo roll which are the best.Finally something good in the hood!   This place rivals my favorite sushi places in quality and creativity. It's a little small but the service and food and prices are great. You'd be foolish not to give it a try. Five stars when they get booze.
So they got their liquor license.  Good prices.  This is a great little place.  Check them out.