Located in a sleepy residential neighborhood, Atchafalaya was a nice little gem. Live jazz being played in the bar area made for a wonderful soundtrack for our meal. The food was solid, the service was super friendly (albeit, a wee bit slow). See the photo of my shrimp and grits... tasty!Everything about this place is great! Atmosphere, hostess and server were both super nice, food and drinks were both great. I just can't say enough good things!Front door service is terrible. We walked in Monday night to a half empty restaurant during dinner time and the host's first words literally were "who are you?". We're we're stupefied and gave him our name, only to find out you needed reservations even when the restaurant is half empty. We were sat on the bar--which was empty-- and although the bar tender was very nice, we didn't get much service. The menu looked full of great and interesting dishes, but we decided to leave. Upon our exit from the restaurant, the host followed us outside to suggest another restaurant with a more "touristy" menu. This added insult to injury as we didn't ask for his advise, but he extended his rude treatment further by clearly judging our party. I spoke with the host about his behavior and explained that we were leaving not because of the menu, but because of his poor service. I'm disappointed that we didn't get to eat here, because the menu looked great and other yelp reviews attest to the menus quality. I hope you have a different experience. If not, walk out and voice your opinion. Good luck, at this place you'll need it.My wife and I enjoyed a fantastic brunch here while in town visiting New Orleans. Another plus is that the location is in the Irish Channel and right by the Garden District so afterwards we were able to burn some of the calories we just packed on by walking around this beautiful part of the city. But in regards to the restaurant, we were very impressed with the food and drink. They had a bloody mary bar and a nice list of creative signature cocktails. The bartender held her own and did a great job communicating to the customers in this busy environment. We ordered the Gumbo and their Chicken and biscuits. Both were phenomenal and we really enjoyed the vibe in the restaurant - funky music and funky décor. All around a great place to visit!My husband and I went for our anniversary and found it quite romantic. Great food, great service. We had the mango pork with corn pudding, crab cake, gumbo, filet mignon w/truffle mashed potatoes. The gumbo wasn't what I expected though. It was too rich and an overbearing amount of oregano and spice. Simple is better when it comes to gumbo and this was definately a complex chicken and andouille gumbo.   
We also had dessert. Tirimisu and a homemade chocolate ice cream with brownie pieces and Macadamia nuts. Loved the tirimisu, ice cream was too nutty and not chocolatey enough.
Overall we really enjoyed our meal and we plan on visiting there again in the future. Can't wait till next time to try something new!Wasn't sure it could ever happen, but I have a new favorite New Orleans restaurant. Thank you, Atchafalaya! 
The first thing you'll notice is the beautiful ambiance. Nice lighting and wood working. My friend pointed out the repurposed and reused items that were salvaged from across the city after Hurricane Katrina. It made it even more special.
The wine list is huge and delicious! Lots of old standbys, but we drank some new wines that were recommended by the bartender. Yum.
My favorite items were the devil shrimp, it had so many layers of flavors. And second was the vegetarian succotash, the peas were SO fresh. The succotash was also recommended by the owner and I'm so glad I listened to her. My friends also had the duck, which they raved about.
Thank you again for being a great host and for all your recommendations, Rachael and team Atchafalaya! I'm telling everyone I know to come visit you.The food was really good, but WAY overpriced.  I got the smallest portion of gumbo (I'm talking less than a dozen bites small) for $7, but it was delicious.  On a totally unrelated note, the paintings were incredible and so was the live music!You will not regret your dining experience, here.  Going with my family of four, I had the vegetarian plate, another had the steak, another had pork chops and then seafood.  Everyone loved each other's dishes.  The flavors of the distinct dishes compliment each other and almost surprise you with how delicious they are.  The food is fresh and the service is spectacular.  Note that when you order, they do not like to place orders in any other way than all at once.  That means that your appetizer and entrée should be ordered at the same time.  Their specialty cocktails are pricey but worth the experience to watch how they make them.Great place. Really enjoyed the food and wine. Nice atmosphere and super servers. The food had great flavor and complexity. Best place we ate while in town. A little out of the way but worth the walk or cab fare.I picked Atchafalaya for my husband's retirement party. They easily accommodated my party of 16 and provided a comprehensive prix fixe menu that satisfied our vegetarian and non-pork eating guest. Our servers were prompt, knowledgeable, and courteous.  The food was awesome. We were a late party and finished about an hour after the restaurant closed and we never felt rushed. I would definitely go back again.This food is life changing. I don't think anything will ever taste as good again. The duck hash has an amazing blend of flavors- blackberry and mango accent the duck perfectly.The food was great. We had such large portions that I couldn't finish my plate. I loved the experience of the Bloody Mary bar and, can now say that I'm a fan of the drink! 
You have to go for yourself!Looking for great breakfast/brunch this is the place to be. There was a bit of a wait so we took advantage of the bloody mary bar. Once we were seated i was impressed with the menu, I love trying different things. I had the crab cakes, can't remember the name. The portion was are smaller than I would like, especially for brunch so I filled up on drinks. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great brunch just get a snack before you get here.A fabulous place for Sunday jazz brunch with build-your-own Bloody Mary (olives, green beans, celery, peppers, creole mustard, horseradish, 18 kinds of hot sauce - ie: you name it, they got it). I had the "Treme" which was a boudin cake topped with poached eggs, hollandaise and popcorn crawfish tails. Holy crap, was it good. Also got a side of grits I ended up taking home which are quite possibly the best grits I've ever had... Suggest making reservations to cut wait time. Friendly staff, good live music and sweet local art on the walls, what's not to love?We try to get together with friends when we can, and we have special ones in New Orleans and special friends who travel to New Orleans for the second week of February every year.  So we made our travel plans, found out we'd be in New Orleans for Saint Valentine's Day, and truly was inspired to visit Atchafalaya by one of my client's stories imparted upon me weeks before our visit. I did some homework on the web, found the rave reviews and the chef Chris came from one of Emeril's restaurants, so I sold the idea to the group, and they were all in, and we made our reservations for six on Valentine's Day, as there was a BIG Mardi Gras parade (Endymion) to catch after dinner.
We found Atchafalaya on the corner of a quaint tree covered street neighborhood off Magazine Street and Louisiana, and HAD to take a picture in front of the 8? foot high iron skillet adorning the side of the restaurant. We no sooner walked in the door when we were greeted, seated promptly, and the unbelievable dining experience began.
Our waiter, Jake, was very attentive, explained the menu items and specials for the day, and offered to take our beverage order while we decided on our entrees. Catching his attention, we had one guest on a very strict no salt, no fat diet, and asked if the kitchen could handle a special order that might not be on the menu this evening. Jake checked with Chris, the chef, and returned to confirm they could accommodate just about anything we asked for.
So with friends from New Mexico, and friends from New Orleans, and me and the beautiful wife from south Florida, we had quite a varied cross section of palates to please.  We started with three appetizers, the gnocchi, a warm goat cheese salad, and a charcuterie board of interesting items that all were truly scrumptious!
The Jalapeno Ginger Margarita was amazing, not over powering, and had all the hints of ingredients that perfectly blended with the tequila. The wine list was extensive, but as we had a big night ahead of us, most of us enjoyed water at the table. To my pleasant surprise, the wait staff were like an indy pit crew, completely attentive to any of our needs and we never had to ask to have the bread or water refilled, it was just done. Cleanup between courses was effortless and without feeling rushed, it was great.
I ended up with the house special veal chop, with a white bean and asparagus ragout covered in a demi glace, and the wife had her special order entrée delivered and cooked perfectly. Our guests also sampled the Shrimp and Grits, and the fish of the day, and they all enjoyed their choices.  The ambience and noise level were just right, we had a large table and party of six and we could have our discussions without having to compete with music or other close loud tables, etc. It was very nice.
Towards the end of dinner, the owner Tony visited the table, asked about how we enjoyed our meal, where we came from, and stayed for some time with us, which was special.  We were trying to select a couple of desserts to share when we found all four we were deciding to try were delivered, some as compliments of the owner.
The coffee and dessert selections were incredible, and I think the blue cheese flan was the winner (OMG flavors!) By the time we ended up leaving our incredible dining experience, 2+ hours had passed by and we had no desires to chase after a parade downtown. Dining at Atchafalaya was a more memorable experience, and we will return again the next time we visit New Orleans!Simply amazing. Duck dish was top notch. Highly recommend. The fried green tomatoes were on point. Great service and nice relaxed location. Nice for brunch.Awesome brunch vibes! Music, mimosas, munchtastic!Atchafalaya is as good as any brunch place I've been to in New Orleans or really anywhere else, and the price is right, but the green tomatillo bloody mary is easily the best rendition of a bloody mary I've ever had.Delicious! The food was amazing and their double mimosa wasn't too shabby either:) had a sweet Bloody Mary bar- didn't partake but it looked legit. The bar staff was fun and service was great!Best dinner we had in Nola. We came on a Sunday night without a reservation, and managed to get a table. Kind of a fancy, white table cloth place, but we still felt comfortable in our jeans and tshirts. Get the shrimp and grits and the blue cheese flan. The flan sounds weird, but it was fantastic. Our waitress was very helpful in suggesting what to order (including the flan).For being a first timer to NOLA, this place is quite off the beaten path. A lot of food blog research was involved to find this hidden gem but I think my parents were quite surprised when I told them we should come here for brunch. All of us were very impressed with our food choices.
The chicken and biscuits were HUGE. You are literally served half of a chicken. My low country Benedict with eggs was outstanding. A lot of flavor and just the right amount of heat. The brunch burger was rated 8/10 from Papa Bear. The Bloody Mary bar is fantastic. $11 for a Tito's Bloody Mary and $12 for Grey Goose.
As far as ambiance and atmosphere, be ready for a hipster/trendy vibe. It's very opulent. The art work on display was amazing to look at and overall a cozy but bright dining area. 
As far as reservations go I had a reservation for noon. We were seated behind other groups and about 15 minutes post reservation time. I understand friday is busy for brunch, but why make a reservation if we have to wait anyway? Don't understand the logic there. Would come again just for the food if I was on that side of town.I went to a wedding reception dinner at Atchafalaya and it was one of the best meals I have ever had!  The shrimp and grits were the best I had on my visit to New Orleans, and the filet melted in my mouth!  The staff were accommodating and made sure everyone had a great experience.  I would highly recommend this restaurant!Just ate the Grilled Pork Chop. Absolutely the best I've ever had. It was served on a bed of mustard greens and surrounded by black eyed peas and had a sweet and tasty corn cookie on the side. Very creative dish and each element was delicious.amazing!  from the cocktails of perfection by chris at the bar, to the amazing creole inspired dishes, it was all perfect.  interesting unexpected cocktails!  we started with the atchafalaya salad - light with pear highlights simple, clean, delicious!  the lamb meatballs were cooked to perfection, the sauteed drum was amazing - light, fresh, delicious combination of flavors!  mellow spot, not over the top, just a wonderful neighborhood feel, good service.  all in all a wonderful experience and highly recommended!Eggs atchafalaya (poached eggs on top of fried green tomatoes with hollandaise and jumbo lump crab with fried potatoes) was delicious. The crab was delightful and the hollandaise was rich and creamy. Perfectly cooked potatoes. 
Cochon du l'egg (eggs over easy on cornbread pudding with pulled pork and blackberry syrup) was incredible. Pork was perfectly tender and bursting with flavor, contrasting beautifully with the sweet  cornbread pudding and creamy egg yolk. Unbelievable with every bite. 
Finished with the chai creme brulee. Subtle spice in a delicate custard - very good. 
Iced coffee was also on point. 
Great service for brunch on a Monday. The place started to fill up around noon. More than I would usually spend for brunch for two, but it was absolutely worth it.Fabulous neighborhood restaurant serving updated versions of classic New Orleans dishes. Specials are whatever is fresh on the market. 
Have the fried green tomatoes topped with crabmeat and the free form ravioli. We all had market fish done superbly. The apple tarte tatin and crepe dessert were sublime. And we enjoyed the Crooked Mayor Barolo, locally bottled was great too.NOLA's neighborhood AAAA restaurant!  I do not know where to start! Shrimp & Grits!  Fried green tomatos & Crab Meat! Pan Roasted Chicken!  Everything was great and it is located in the garden district so it's easy to get to.I have to update because I didn't realize that Atchafalaya was under new ownership from the time I wrote the original review. I just went to look at the menu today because I was feeling nostalgic for their fried green tomatoes. Holy price increase Batman! The menu is all fancified now. You can disregard the pictures I uploaded because those were taken in 2004. Apparently they are not serving the same food. I'm sure it's still good...it's just not what I remember from my 2 trips to NOLA. *is sad*Had reservations for 6 at 8:45. Waited at the bar beforehand. Bartender was very nice but didn't seem very knowledgeable about the products. No beers on tap if that matters to you.
Mussels: excellent. Chicken and sausage gumbo, dark roux and tasty but needed a little more salt. Having said that, my shrimp and grits were overly salty. I should have said something to dude but I try not to complain about things unless they are horrible. Still, the grits were creamy, the shrimp well cooked and the rest of the dish was great but very salty. Depending on who's putting together the dish back there, it can clearly be hit or miss.
Everybody else seemed to enjoy their dish. Cheese plate looked tasty, sample of the pecan crusted grouper was decent.
Wait staff was nice although when the food came out, several dishes were given to the wrong people and the server got a little defensive about it "just hand it over to him!" Maybe she wasn't having a good day.
I'll definitely try this place again if I'm in the area but you guys really need to make sure things are being tasted in the back please.Came for brunch and wasn't really impressed with it , I will say the Bloody Mary bar was very impressive but I don't drink so I can't say how good it was or wasn't . Overall I would say it's a little over priced and not worth the wait but that's just me .Such a quaint neighborhood house turned into a restaurant.  We called in the afternoon to see if we could get in for dinner same night.  They were extremely accommodating and we got in.  The menu was not vast,  but the items were superb. The pork chop was huge and tasty,  but was bit too sweet for me.  The crab claws were outstanding as was the Lamb. My husband enjoyed the gumbo and his seafood dish. The tastiest dish was the creamed corn grits,  but the Blue Cheese Flan was the hit of the night... Delicious.Excellent food, service and knowledge of the menu.  Clean establishment tucked off of busy Magazine Street.  Great fried chicken!  Recommended brunch spot.Locals Secret!
Fortunately we know people in NOLA, and they were kind enough to suggest a place they go to a lot ... and after having dinner at Atchafalaya we know why. It was delicious! After seating at the bar enjoying creative cocktails, we were escorted to a nice table in one of the several rooms for what could have been our own private dining room. The, want I am calling, the deconstructed ravioli was INCREDIBLE, light textured ravioli filled with crab, spinach and meyer lemon sauce was SO good. Then for dinner a delicious drum ciopppino with shrimp, crab and roasted fennel was the perfect symphony of flavors. The rear tuna was really good too. But ... by far the most creative tasty part was dessert ... pinenut, honey, feta cheese ice cream. Now, don't turn your lip, think sweet, salty nutty caramel heaven. We really can't say enough about this place. And as we were told, but ran out of time on our visit, the brunch is amazing too -complete with Bloody Mary bar. Do yourself a favor, stay out of the Quarter, and wind down the river to Atchafalaya! Y. U. M.Ugh. I never want to like this place. The Bloody Mary bar is a fun distraction during hectic brunch but is, in the end, overwhelming and gross. BUT the food was dank as hell. The cream cheese grits are the best grits I've had. I grew up in New Orleans. My dad's dad made me grits almost every day. I've tried cheese in grits, which I don't like, and I've tried just cream in my grits, which is not good. Cream cheese grits is incredible. Had y'all's cream cheese grits with grillades for a fundraiser once and wish those grillades were also on the menu.Very good choice in a land of so many good places to eat.  Food was very good, service was great and it was just a great meal.  I had the shrimp and grits which was super, I thought the fried green tomatoes were good not great.  i would eat here again without pauseBest chicken and biscuits I have ever had!  Super awesome waitstaff!  Will definitely be back on my next visit to New Orleans!O_M_G - Delicious brunch! I had the Eggs Atchafalaya and it was one of the best meals I have ever had. The restaurant - in a house - is adorable; very bright and sunny, and the tables are spaced out nicely so you don't feel like you are eating on top of people. Everyone in my party of 7 rated their meals very highly. 
This will always be a must on any future trips I take to New Orleans!Great little neighborhood restaurant! I went here for lunch and was not disappointed. The service was actually pretty slow, but the food made up for the waiters sluggishness. 
I had the Hanger Steak Sandwich. It had blue cheese on it. Need I say more. The steak was good great and was very tender. 
I really want to try it for brunch one day. I hear they have a build your own Bloody Marry bar! I will give you an update if I make it for brunch.Was pleasantly surprised with every dish. Got the Korean pork belly, fried chicken, gumbo, and alligator sausage. Good flavors, not overbearing. Would come back!hey, how can you not love a place with a full-on bloody mary bar--with fresh horseradish, house pickled veggies, homemade juices...  and yummy new orleans brunch food.  cheers!  hint: order your vodka on the side and make a slew of bloody marys..you need at least 2 or 3 to experience the range of possibilities.  i am making bloody mary bars like this now in CA.You MUST go here for brunch on Sunday morning. It gets packed, so be there early. Loved the authentic live band. I had the Boudreaux. This was basically Eggs Benedict on some cajun steroids. Jalapeno cornbread, with alligator sausage on top, topped with a fried egg and the best cajun hollandaise your tastebuds can handle. I will be back. I have been dreaming about this place. And their French 75 is to die for. So refreshing for the New Orleans summer heat.Took a bit at first to get in on a 2 person reservation but that gave us a chance to get the Rasputin Revenge at the bar and my god that was good. Once we sat the jalapeño corn mini breads were great, as well as the mussels, fried green tomatoes and the Ravioli was something special. 
Definitely check this place out.Coordinated a 50th birthday dinner for 13 out of town friends this past Saturday.  Jake the manager and Rachel the owner were super helpful and patient during the planning process.  The night of the dinner Jake and Glen, our waiter, took excellent care of us.  The service was attentive and the food delicious.  Thanks again for a great evening. We will definitely be back.All I can think to write is HOLY F#CK!!!!  One of the best meals EVER!!!  I had the duck hash, which was absolutely incredible. I normally put salt, pepper, and/or hot sauce on my food, but I refused to bastardize this dish!!!!  Same goes with my husband's Korean style pork belly. Wow!!!!  I'm already planning my next trip back here!!!!Five of us ate a late brunch. This restaurant is fantastic. Two of us had the make your own Bloody Marys. The selections to put in the Bloody Mary's was grest.  We had among the five of us the duck hash, truffled egges,alligator sausage, shrimp and grits, chicken and biscuits and Pimm's CupMy boyfriend and I stabled across this place  after walking down Magazine street and using Yelp to find a place to have lunch at. 
We both ordered from the prefix menu:
Gumbo, gaspacho, friend green tomatoes w/crab, shrimp and grits, and bread kidding. 
The entrees were delicious and this place was a more sophisticated and quite atmosphere compared to what we had experience as tourists in the French quarter/market/bourbon street areas.
The food was delicious.We had a nice meal here. The chef prefers not to make any substitutions so just be aware of that if you have any allergies etc. 
The menu is short but has a mix of seafood, pork, chicken, steak that makes it easy to find something you like. The app special was fried soft shell crab so we ordered that as well as the fried green tomatoes. We all agreed the tomatoes were better. 
The drum and shrimp and grits entrees were very well received! The portions and taste were all perfect. The child chicken entree was less appealing. 
We had the drink special, a peach old fashioned, which was fine. They have many wines and an interesting cocktail menu.This. Place. Is. Amazing. I visited Atchafalaya on a Saturday night for a dinner with a large group and had one of my best dining experiences in New Orleans. The restaurant is totes adorable and the ambiance is amazing. Think West Village in New York City and you'll get the idea. We had a chance to meet the proprietor on our way out. Very friendly guy and mentioned that he had recently visited New York City for some R&D. I think that's why it was a slice of home (I'm from New York) with that special New Orleans flair. I would be a regular if I lived New Orleans.
On to the meal... I, like many Yelpers, had the Quail stuffed with Boudin. Ahhhhhhhhhmazing! Perfect meal. Beautifully presented. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
Oh, one last thing: whatever you choose to drink, make sure it's not the Beet Martini. Gag.FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NEW ORLEANS!!!!!
On the first night in New Orleans, we were kinda tired, so were looking for a place near us- Garden District, that had good cajan/creole food.  After reading yelp reviews, we made a reservation at Atchafalaya and walked over to the restaurant.  IT WAS AMAZING.  The shrimp and grits were soooo good! Coming from the Northwest, I had never had grits before and I now know that I like them.  They were creamy and flavorful.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the sauce was very tasty.  My friend and I got as close to an adult should to licking the plate!Like the Open Table online reservation service. 
Luckily I used it because this place was packed on a Sunday morning. Jazz brunch was kicking. 
Even though we had a reservation, we weren't seated quickly, and we could barely hear the hostess because the jazz band is practically on top of you when you walk in the door.
But this is NOLA and loud in your face jazz comes with the territory. Most people need the pick-me-up after a long night of drinking anyway. 
Dishes are from $13-20. I got the namesake dish with fried green tomatoes, poached eggs and lump crab meat. Next time I'd ask for grits instead of homefries because I'm not into potatoes. I wouldn't recommend the green tomoato part because they weren't ripe, but the crabmeat was fabulous. Next time, I want to try the crabmeat salad. mmm.
There was a serve yourself bloody mary bar which looked like lots of fun. 
I recommend giving this place a try, but don't expect star treatment if you are in a small party. We never saw our waitress after someone dropped off our food. I had to ask someone to get her after I was done with my entree to bring me jam which I had requested early on and to refill my water. My dining partner asked for more coffee three times before she got it. In the waitress' defense, her other table was quite large, and they were getting all of the love. 
I'll try it again sometime because the atmosphere was sunny and upbeat. Speaking of sunny, I felt bad for the two tables out front. I bet they got a sunburn. ouch.I have literally driven by Atchafalaya probably a few hundred times in my life. I always wondered about the small restaurant on Louisiana that I had always heard good things about, so when a friend suggested that we get dinner here, I jumped at the chance. Walking in, I was surprised at just how small the place is. There is a cozy bar area that leads into a dining room and a little more space upstairs. We had no reservations, but we were immediately seated. Maybe it was a slow night.
We started with a beef tartar app. I usually shy away from what is essentially raw beef, but I was feeling pretty adventurous, so I decided to give it a try. It came out and it was topped with a soft cooked quail egg. What you do is break the yolk and mix it into the meat. Ooohh...primitive! The meat was nicely spiced and the egg added something interesting to the dish. Honestly- I didn't hate it. AND I didn't get sick or anything, so all in all the experiment in raw meat was worth it. I actually would get this dish again without hesitation.
We also decided to get the soft shell crab app. I LOVE soft shell crab and I have taken to sampling it wherever I can. This app had a thick crust on the crab and I do prefer when the crust is a little lighter. However, the crab itself was delicious and perfectly cooked. I had no complaints about the dish at all.
Last but not least, I got the shrimp and grits as my entree. This was delicious! The shrimp came on the bed of grits and the whole dish was covered in an amazing sauce and served with andouille. My only complaint was that the shrimp came with heads and tails on. It's easy enough getting the heads off, but the tails were a struggle with the sauce. No matter, I couldn't get enough of it. I loved how buttery and smooth the grits were. When mixed with the sauce, they were the perfect consistency and really tasty.
I am SO excited about getting back over to Atchafalaya. I have heard such amazing things about the brunch that I know I will have to try it at some point.Excellent!  Got there at opening for Sunday brunch.  We sat at the bar, which filled up quickly.  The atmosphere is relaxed and casual and the service is spectacular.  The two bartenders (I wish I could remember their names) were REAL bartenders.  They were impressive to watch and functioned like a well oiled machine.  The Pimm's Cup was superior!  Try one.  The Bloody Mary bar . . . MMMMMMMMM!  My gf asked to be surprised for one of her drinks and she was blown away by what they concocted.  These guys were great.  They work together every Sunday.  Go see them!  The menu was impressive as well.  I'm sure you wouldn't go wrong with anything on it.  We shared the Eggs Atchafalaya and the Duck Hash.  I'm still salivating as I type this review.  And the value is great too.  We had 6 cocktails and the two entrees and my bill, including tip, was only $130.  Atchafalaya is most definitely worth a visit and we can't wait to return.Absolutely wonderful. I really enjoyed the prince Edward island shrimp and grits. It was tossed with some amazing (really amazing) sausage and tomatoes. This was my first meal in New Orleans and it did not disappoint. Best of all though, the host, Tony, is really friendly. We talked with him for a while when we were on our way out of the restaurant and he cares a lot, and it shows.
I put $$$$ because it's probably more of a $$$ place, however it's currently listed as $$. So I'm trying to move the needle.Best brunch I've had in New Orleans. I am taking off one star because the food took way too long. 
I got eggs Atchafalaya and they were amazing! My husband got the eggs with pork - he loved his too. The blood mary bar is creative and the live music during lunch was great - especially for our baby who was with us. 
Service was good, but the food took a long time to come out. I'd go back but just be ware of the food wait.On our most recent trip we had Monday morning breakfast at Atchafalaya. I had the stuffed mirliton, my wife had the blueberry brioche French toast and our son had French toast and bacon. My wife and I both enjoyed the Bloody Mary bar very much. The food was very good, our waitress was a little kooky, but I would definitely eat here again.Great food, wait staff and ambiance. 
This casual neighborhood restaurant is beautifully situated in the Irish Channel of New Orleans. It's a favorite with us locals. The decor takes you into the bayou, but with elegance.
On this occasion I had their salad with warm goat cheese, the salmon special, and two desserts, the bleu cheese flan and the bread pudding. There were four of us. The real hit of the night entree was the sautéed drum fish in cioppino broth - OMG. Other great entrees included the redfish and the shrimp and grits.
You just can't do better.First time in NOLA and came here for a late brunch meal. Such a cute place and the setting is relaxing. Everything on the menu is amazing. Definitely coming back again!Awesome is not good enough to describe Atchafaya!  Great service, tremendous soul and superb food.  The Blue Cheese Flan is amazing and the gumbo is wonderful.  I highly recommend!Had brunch with my parents here and it felt like the quintessential NOLA experience. All three of us ordered something different and all of us loved our meals. We really enjoyed the band during brunch and my Dad and I made frequent patrons of the bloody bar. Great location for a true New Orleans brunch. Reservations are a must.Fantastic brunch spot!  We came here for the live music and awesome Bloody Mary bar, but ended up having incredible food as well!  We started with the Fried Green Tomato appetizer, which comes with a crab salad, greens, and remoulade -- fantastic flavors and texture combinations!  We also tried the alligator sausage, which was also delicious. For entrees, we had the Duck Hash and their special for the day, which was a blue cheese and buffalo chicken Po'Boy. Would absolutely come back for brunch. Great ambience, wonderful service, and fantastic food!Nice atmosphere, unpretentious, good cooking.  The price tag was a little steep so I would give this $$$ but quality and local ingredients.  The wait staff was very knowledgeable and caring.  I would come back here.I was really looking forward to eating at Atchafalaya, and found the meal quite unsatisfying. My wife ordered the skirt steak special and I had the pork chops. Both were overly fatty.  Our server started out a little cold, but did warm up as the meal went on.I went with some friends to celebrate us all being in town together for the Christmas holidays. We were all so excited to be there since we had all heard such great things about it. I can't comment on the quality of food because honestly our service was so terrible, downright rude even, that it completely detracted from what would have been a lovely dinner, and it ruined our experience there. Not only will we never go back, but I have dissuaded others from going. Why pay money to be bullied?
Everything was going great until our waiter asked us if we wanted to order cocktails. He was extremely pushy and would not take no for an answer. Once he finally understood that we were not interested in ordering drinks, his demeanor towards us changed COMPLETELY. He had been cordial, charming even, but then he became huffy and rude and downright mean. He slammed our silverware and plates down in front of us, as if to let us know how mad he was to be serving us. Eventually, he stopped coming to our table and instead two other random servers waited on us. He barely cast us a glance, except to glare at us and be sure someone else was "serving" us. We watched him serving the other tables in his station and he seemed to be perfectly cordial with everyone else. At the end of our meal, when we were asking for our check (we weren't anxious to spend any more time there, or to give Atchafalaya any more of our money), we were again pressured into ordering something (dessert) that we didn't want to order, but this time by one of the other servers--who must have relieved her coworker, our first waiter, from the horrors of our dealing with our terrible table. She pressured us so badly to order dessert and asked us at least 4 times and would not take no for an answer. She kept saying things like "Are you sure?" and "come on, just try it", and when it finally clicked for her that we didn't want dessert, she too became huffy and rude! We saw her rolling her eyes at us and talking about us to other staff. We weren't even told goodbye by anyone when we gathered our things and left.
I've had bad service experiences at restaurants before, but it was passively bad, like I/my table was being neglected. I have never, ever had aggressively mean service before, and I refuse to go back to Atchafalaya because of the appalling way we were treated. Honestly, I've had better service at McDonald's.Was in town and went for Sunday brunch. Chicken and biscuits was off the charts and shrimp and grits was as good as I've tasted. Definitely  make a res far in advance.I really enjoyed my meal here! I shared the steak with my 7 year foodie son and he liked it. I want to thank the gentleman that shared his Pokémon go experience with my son. He was getting "bored" and you saved the day. I also had the charbroiled oysters....yummy! I will return!Great cocktails. Bloody Mary bar for brunch! Been here three times, twice for brunch, once for dinner. Never been disappointed. Great atmosphere, great food, and if you're lucky great live music!Taking a roundabout road trip from Austin to Pittsburgh, my wife and I were determined to make each of our stops have memorable food (not too difficult a task for New Orleans).
Atchafalaya met and exceeded my expectations from the Yelp reviews. My wife and I shared the fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, and the scallops. Everything was truly delicious and an upscale take on cajun/creole cooking. Traveling from a more inland location, fresh seafood is always a treat, and the fish definitely did not disappoint.
While a bit pricier than our usual fare, the high-quality service and tasty food were well worth the indulgence. I would definitely go again next time I find myself in New Orleans.I went here on a weekday morning and had no difficulty getting a table. As others have said its definitely on the $$$ side. The ambiance was great as was the service. I got the Eggs Atchafalaya which I unfortunately found very disappointing for the $18 I spent. The whole dish was very bland and I left feeling quite unsatisfied with the meal. The duck hash that the table next to me ordered did look good, however, so that might be a better option. I don't think I'd be returning any time soon though.Came here for Mardi Gras. Was suggested by a friend and this place didn't disappoint. They had a wide range of items for the brunch menu. I ordered the chicken and biscuits, with breakfast potatoes. My family ordered the bananas foster French toast with rum sauce syrup and apple smoked bacon with cream cheese grits, and a slow cooked brisket po boy!! All the items were really good, and the mimosas were really good as well. The only thing is that the food did take 20 mins to come out! Other than that the atmosphere was great, they had a live jazz, and the service was good also. Expect to spend between at least $15-$25 per entree but the portions are nicely sized. Definitely would recommend if you are visiting or local residentWonderful brunch! Took my parents here when they were in town visiting. We all loved it! Every brunch item we got was fabulous - Eggs Rockefeller, Louisiana Crab Omelet and one of the special for that day - might've been the Boudreaux or something similar. They were all delicious and just the kind of brunch we were looking for. The Bloody Mary bar was also fabulous - a ton of options! I am looking forward to going back and trying some of the other brunch items. From previous reviews I'd read, I was kind of wary about 1) how the service would be and 2) the volume of the live music they have on the weekends during brunch. Neither one of these was an issue. Our service was great and the music was fine. I think it'd be great to sit outside as well - it was a little chilly the morning we went but I think sitting outside when it was pleasant and warm would be perfect to hear the music and not have to worry about talking over it. Can't wait to go back!Fantastic restaurant - great food and cocktails! I had a great beet martini there! Another one of my NOLA favs.For the second weekend in a row, I popped into a restaurant that was actually a last-minute alternative to a more well known eatery.  With a fellow Yelp-er's suggestion in mind, we headed down Louisiana, a street that seemed devoid of any quality food.    
Nonetheless, my experience at "New Orleans only five 'A' restaurant" was satisfying from top to bottom.  Despite the busy night, they squeezed us into a bar top.  The staff was down to earth, responsive, and honest with their favorite menu selections.  Plus, someone was always opening the door for incoming diners.  A nice gesture on a busy night.       
My entree, red fish, was a little on the salty side, but a delicious crab cake to start made up for it any sodium overload.  The bartender threw together a simple, yet tasty lemonade and vodka with what had to be fresh lemonade.  Lemon peels instead of lemon slices were subtle, but appreciated.  
While eating, we rocked out to a nameless band who we were told shows up on a spontaneous basis.  Led on vocals by a Mardi Gras Indian, they need to throw together an album.  Apparently, Atchafalaya has live music every weekend.
Lastly, the men's room is the "behind the tree."Dark, chic, and romantic.
We came in a huge group (via reservation) and pretty much had the upstairs room to ourselves after the already sat diners had finished.
There's a lot of great options on the menu and I opted for 2 appetizers - the scallops and the crab ravioli.
Since we were in such a large group, the orders took quite a while to be prepared and served. In the mean time, the cocktails were great and the bread and butter were delicious. Really, many types of bread rolls and stuff.
The scallops were cooked perfectly and well seasoned. Light, tasty, slightly chewy and tender. The crab ravioli was good too- which was a lump of crab in one big ravioli sheet with a delicious sauce on top.
For drinks, they have a great vodka selection - both Kettle One AND Tito's. There is 2 bathroom stalls on the upper floor (not sure the bottom)
Service was great. Drinks were also filled. They even found an earring that someone had dropped and brought it to us as we were leaving.
Ambience is definitely very dark and romantic. Hard to be a photodocument dishes.
Would definitely come back.Very high quality, awesome dinner. Everything was great from the smoked ny strip to the shrimp and gritsVisited New Orleans for a weekend and wanted a nice dinner on a Sunday night. A lot of places I had on my list to hit were closed on Sunday...but luckily found Cafe Atchafalaya via yelp.
Had a perfect meal there:
The bread was sublime...wispy and warm in the middle, toasty on the outside. And of course, the butter was at room temperature, which made the experience all the more pleasurable.  Realize that I'm still just obsessing on the bread.
The gumbo was unlike any I've had before. I don't really know authentic gumbo, but my past gumbos have been generically seasoned stews with overcooked starchy rice. This gumbo was more like a soup, had rice sprinkled over it, and had a delightful kick.
The shrimp and grits was AMAZING. The shrimp were done just right...thick and tender. The grits were creamy and complimented the flavor of the shrimp so nicely. 
My side of collard greens also broke previous records for good greens. They weren't a watery mass of wilted vegetation -- they were tender, but still had some bite... They had a vinegary zing to them that also worked nicely with the shrimp and grits.
The peanut butter pie with chocolate ganache was incredible. The graham cracker crust had just enough saltiness to balance out the sweetness of the peanut butter and chocolate that filled it. I was stuffed...but could not stop taking just another bite.
Coffee was freshly brewed...and perfect.
The staff was incredibly thoughtful and friendly. 
I dined alone, so the interesting crowd of other diners made for good people watching.Wow, where do I even begin with this place...
First, I have to say, this is hands down one of the best brunch places I've ever been to. I'm not usually a fan of cocktails but they were very delicious here! I had a lychee bellini and the Category Five. The bellini was light and fruity and the Catergory Five was the right combination of spices to alcohol. 
I ordered the duck hash and my friend ordered the special for the day, french toast (Different from the one that is on the menu) Generally breakfast potatoes to me are just filler items to make yourself less hungry but the breakfast potatoes here were probably the best I've ever had and I was begging for more! (Literally) It was perfectly cooked and it had parmesan seasoning in it that added a nice twist. The duck was also very good and they didn't skimp out! The addition of the poached egg on top with slices of mango made for a perfect sweet and savory meal. My friends french toast was presented so beautifully we almost didn't want to touch it! lol We were afraid the french toast wouldn't taste as good as it looked but it completely exceeded expectations. Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this brunch place. GREAT atmosphere, loved our waitress (extremely friendly and personable), and most importantly of all, amazing food.AMAZING food! Good service, nice atmosphere! Only visited one time on my trip to NOLA. Can't wait to go back. I'm addicted to the grits!Loved it. I went there for a Sunday jazz brunch. Very inviting decor. Food was a modern take on the regional classics with delicious drinks. Staff is great, with a perfect timing and a way of making you feel at ease while receiving a great service.We were searching for some great Cajun food for our last lunch on the way out of town. My wife was on a limited diet, and got a lackluster Jerk Chicken salad.  Really, you can't diet here in New Orleans.  That was her fault.  To be fair, she ordered it without the cheese and tortilla strips, so she didn't get the real deal.  But the salad dressing was a bit bland.
I, on the other hand, had a simply devine order of shrimp and grits. This dish features head-on gulf shrimp, Andouille sausage, smoked tomatoes and a crispy grit cake.  The grit cake itself was a revelation.  Think of a perfectly fried, finely textured, creamy and savory custard and you are almost there.  One of the best things I have eaten in some time. The rest of the dish was great too.  Nice, big shrimp. Delicious sausage and a rich creole sauce.  As if that weren't enough, there were several smoked tomatoes accenting the dish.  I had noticed them on the menu description, but did not understand them until I ate them.  They were a perfect taste sensation.  Little heirloom type cherry tomatoes that had been perfectly smoked,  The flavor explodes in your mouth.....
The kids all had the Shrimp Po-Boy.  They liked it, and so did I.  Nice bread, flavorful shrimp and a delicious remoulade.  They came with fried potatoes.  Not french fries, but thinly sliced fried potatoes.  Just like my Grandma used to cook up in her cast iron skillet.
We had a chance to meet the proprietor.  Nice guy, who seemed genuinely concerned with our meal and our experience. I would be a regular here if I lived here and will certainly come back if I ever get back this way.
One last note.  I have to give a shout out to our busboy "J".  Best ever.  Thanks for your outstanding service!One of our best dining experience in NO. The waiter is very friendly. The interior setting is casual, comfortable and intimate. I like the duck hash best, great flavor and well balanced. The chocolate creme brulee was very good. On the other hand, the blue cheese flan is a little too sweet.