We went to this place 4 times in our 3 day stay in New Orleans. The Best Orange Juice I have ever tasted!!! We kept coming back for more! Also try the bagel sandwich! Definitely cured the hangover from too many hand grenades on Bourbon St. the night before!great cafe!, we were visiting NOLA for NYE and stayed at an apartment nearby. our first morning we just wanted a nice cup of coffee and good ol' yelp brought us here. it did not disappoint, we ended up coming here every day during our stay! we enjoyed pour overs and pressed coffee and a delicious sweet potato, maple, bacon biscuit. all highly recommended!While during my stay in the Garden District I stumbled upon this place while just walking around looking for a local coffee shop. It's a cute shop with amazing coffee! I had the iced coffee New Orleans style, and it was probably one of the greatest iced coffees I've ever had!  I sat outside and enjoyed the weather and view. :)We love this place. Clean, chill, with great food and coffees. Never too busy and the staff is really nice.Love the fresh fruit juices!  Owners are the nicest!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND :)A gem of a coffee shop. Friendly staff, clean, pleasant decor. I was in town for a few days and did not care to eat in my hotel's restaurant. Was so pleased to have this place down the street.I wrote my previous review a few years ago and boy have things changed at Avenue Cafe! It is now an excellent place to get coffee and breakfast. Must be a good place to work now, because the staff stays the same, so you can go in and order your "usual" and they know exactly what to do. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are awesome, as is the spinach and goat cheese salad. This place also served me the best hot mocha I've had in ages not too long ago. Mickey, the owner, really did a great job in turning this place around. A solid five stars for being my favorite neighborhood cafe now.great cold brew coffee, great service, recycles and cares about the environment which is great to see in a city that normally doesn't and the bacon biscuit is great too!Avenue Cafe has undergone quite a few changes, all for the better. New(ish) ownership by people who actually understand coffee culture and offering a pleasant daytime environment. 
Bright space with good coffee, great cold brew and tasty pastries. Haven't pulled out the laptop here because the tables are usually full! I'll have to stop by earlier in the AM to fully see the place in action. Soon.Excellent espresso-based coffees. Best latte I have had over the past 6 weeks in the US, such a great surprise. Aussies in Nola, get a great coffee here. Located just by a St Charles streetcar stop. Only down side was its a bit expensive at $4 per cup.The food is good and the fresh squeezed juices are great, but this is NOT a brunch spot. It's order off the menu and breakfast consist of sandwiches and quiche.. Also serves good coffee, espresso, cappuccino,  lattes etc. I'm giving them a 2.5 stars because anyplace that has a tip jar at the counter and expects tips before they service you or provide a product is just not ok. What has American cafes come to? People think they deserve more money just because they took your order. These aren't real waitresses or waiters who actually provide a service and bring food to you then check on you to make sure everything is ok...that's how a tip is earned. People should look up the acronym for tip and then deliver the professionalism part. Standing behind a counter with a smile should be expected and should continue...but to earn a tip...work for it AmericaHipster paradise. Great coffee, and you can get your pour over, cold brew, etc that you want. Real cups and glasses if you're eating in.
My croissant sandwich was kinda dry and not as freshly made as I would have expected in a place like this. 
They have wifi and plenty of space, so of seems like a good place to work. People do that, but not to the extent that they take over the place.Every time I go to the cafe, they always charge me something different for the only 1 item I get from the cafe.  The last time I went she explains to me that she's been charging me the wrong price for the tuna and that I suppose to get a 2oz cup of tuna for $3.00.. I wish I could post a pic of what she wanted to give me for $3.00 . I advice her I will never visit this cafe again .I really like this place. I do wish they were open past 8pm though.  This area is missing cafes that are open past this hour (something I miss greatly from when I used to live in the Carrollton area). Anyway, the staff is really nice. At one time, I had carrot juice, and it was good.  The first time, I ate a croissant, and the person who was working at the time thought she might have burned it. She said if it was, I could give it back, and she could give me a new one. It wasn't burnt, but the gesture was nice. I'll update the review when I have some coffee.I am a coffee addict. Never read any of the stupid lists of "best coffee in NOLA" with the Avenue Cafe into it. And is not fair. The place got nice bartenders, who know their job, is not expensive at all, got plenty of space to sit, outdoors and indoors, is clean and got a wide range of opening hours. But seems not to be hipster enough to be on that lists. And, honestly, that makes me feel bad for the owners, 'cause they are making less money, but it's great for me: I can go there anytime and not find it crowded, and they will not rise the prices absurdly. In the meantime, is one of the best coffee spots in New Orleans, and one of the less pretentious, which make it even better.Cute little place for breakfast. Staff was nice, coffee was very good, and ham and Swiss quiche was great as well. I thought $6.50 for a large slice of delicious quiche with a side salad was very reasonable. I will be back.Great service. Good selection of pastries. Good chai latte. Good location - super close to trolley stop.Clean, organized, organic, and the staff is lovely. Maple Bacon cheddar sweet potato biscuit was super yummy. they also have fresh squeezed juices and artisan coffee. I am a huge coffee snob, and I give this my seal of approval! They have lots of natural and organic sweeteners, as well as a full selection of milk alternatives (coconut,almond). All the baked goods look amazing. I wanted to eat everything.Excellent veggie quiche  & spinach croissant. We have eaten there every day since arrive her for the essence festival.Good coffee and pastries.  I had the cold brew, which was refreshing and tasty! Got the artichoke heart and caramelized onion brioche.  Tasty, but more artichoke than onion flavor- I love caramelized onions so I wish they were a bit more prominent.  
They had recycling, garbage, and compost there, which we appreciated since New Orleans tends to have a lot of styrofoam and no recycling!Great coffee, pastries and sandwiches. Loved that they had a variety of alternate milks. Many coffee shops either just have milk or Soy. Coffee had a sweet smooth taste.The food was really good and delicious! My problem was the service. Girl with green hair has resting bitch face and an attitude that needs to be knocked off her shoulder. I think she doesn't realize she works in a customer position position and her rudeness needs to get in check. 
The food part was delicious and I'm sad that because of how rude the girl was I will not be returning.Great spot to watch the world go by on St.  Charles whilst sipping a great latte or two. Food is prepared with love. Hearty maple bacon sweet potato muffin and their multigrain bread are but two delightful pastry treats.I happened to walk by this place while watching the marathon and I decided to drop in for breakfast. I was really happy to find they make fresh squeezed juices on the spot. I got a carrot-apple juice and it was just like I make at home. This alone was enough to make me love the place. I sat in the window and had a great view of the race, and some fun people watching. I also ordered a toasted bagel with honey-pecan cream cheese. It was good, but I was kinda wishing for a little more cream cheese than they give you. Maybe that's just what I'm used to being originally from NYC where they give you a slab of cream cheese with a bagel. They had a nice looking selection of quiches and if I was going to be in the area longer I'd definitely like to try them out!For a place that has the word "bagel" printed on the building front I was extremely disappointed to find the bagel was sitting in a display case wrapped in saran wrap. It was nothing special I could have bought a better bagel from rouses to toast in my own kitchen. 
After my first visit I was disappointed and went on to find better breakfast options (which New Orleans is in no short supply!)Simple but great tasting food. The ham quiche was awesome. Good coffee and great service. 16 bucks for breakfast for two people. Awesome!Great little cafe.  Wifi if you need it.  Great for breakfast bagels.  Real bagels that were good.  I had the bagel with lox of course.  Good coffee and reasonable price.  Hours go into the night.  I think maybe around 9:00.  Recommend to go, sit and chat.
Similar to Starbucks situation but, independent restaurant.My husband and I could not stop coming back here during our week long stay in NOLA. The coffee is good, the food is good, bit they are a little on the slow side. Other than that, every experience we had at the Avenue Cafe was great.I was in a rush, so really didn't get a chance to take it all in. I ordered a triple espresso and I got it pretty fast. Espresso tasted awesome, unlike PJs. I checked out their pastry case and it looked amazingly delightful and fresh. The place is very open, and not like a traditional coffee place; they have an iPad for the register! It's more of a modern, office type place. Staff was friendly, place was SPOTLESS, coffee was amazing. I will be back, and next time I'll grab a bite to eat!I wouldn't have even known this place existed if a friend hadn't told me about it, big I'm glad I do now. I'm vegan and they have great dessert options. 
I love a simple quick breakfast, when I'm on the go and this is the place for that. 
I had the bagel with hummus, spinach, and tomatoes. The bagels are HUGE. I could only eat half of one, so definitely worth the money. The vegan samosas are also very good. The pastry melts in your mouth. 
The only odd thing was my beet juice was lukewarm, which made it taste a little different.I just had the fresh squeezed carrot juice! Delicious!  All there food looks so good/tempting!My go-to spot for a great salad, coffee, pastry! Staff is friendly and food is consistently fresh and well prepared. I'm stuck on the spinach salad which always has perfectly ripe strawberries.Siting here once a week they have some vegan choices , great latte love the bagels and the environment the tables outside has great breeze .. Worth checking it outWhenever I travel, I always look for a go-to cafe and Avenue Cafe was my home every morning on my trip to NOLA. I was staying at a nearby hotel and am so glad I found this little gem. Do yourself a favor and get some fresh squeezed juice there! The shop itself is air conditioned (YAS) and the staff is friendly.LOVED Avenue Cafe! I was in town last week for a business trip with my father - we ate here Friday morn right before a 5-hour meeting. I ordered a hummus bagel sandwich (on a gluten-free bread). I knew I would not be eating any protein till later so the kindest employee, Berçin, put some extra hummus on it for me. Turns out she makes the hummus from her family's recipe in Turkey! .... Delicious and kept me going strong through the entire meeting! It should be called "Berçin's 5-hour Energy Hummus Bagel" :) I also had a large juice (beet, carrot, celery and ginger). So impressed with Avenue that before our flight that night I got 2 vegan gluten free brownies to go. Would be there all the time if I lived in Nola! Thank you Avenue & Berçin for your excellent service, recipe, and kindness! You made my trip very special.We found this adorable hipster cafe in the garden district pretty close to our hotel, Hotel Indigo. 
I had the bagel sandwich with sopressata, provolone, and organic eggs on an everything bagel with fresh squeezed orange juice. 
The cafe has tons of fresh squeezed juices, organic food options and very tempting pastries. 
The walls are decorated with local art for sale and has a hipster feel. Glad we wandered into this gem!This place is great! I love the space and the view. The coffee is really good and the sugar selection is pretty awesome!This is a delightful spot right in the middle of the avenue. They have pastries, fruits, smoothies, coffee drinks, tea and the like.
On the night I stopped in, it was kind of late and I was craving some carrot and beet juice (who doesn't?!) and I was majorly bummed when the woman behind the counter told me that they had just begun breaking down the juice machine. Really made me blue, especially since they were an hour from closing. I decided to get an iced green tea. It was okay, and I really have no complaints. It didn't knock my socks off, but it's tea.
I like the atmosphere here. A lot of tables and chairs for people to study (many were) and a lot of space to spread out. There's a nice seating area by the window, so you can look out onto the avenue as you enjoy your breakfast, lunch or coffee.
I definitely want to return and actually try their fruit juice. I'll be happy to re-review upon a future visit.You know a place is good when it's absolutely bustling in the morning, and it's all pretty much just locals. They have an amazing selection of both breakfast and lunch foods, and a very large selection of drinks. The drinks you're also very unique, so aside from the normal coffee's, they also have lots of juices and smoothies. There's plenty of seating, plenty of outlets, and a nicely stored bathroom. The Wi-Fi here is also super fast, and I've never had a problem with connections. However, sometimes the service is a little slow during peak times, but the food is definitely worth the wait!Small coffee and sandwich shop. It's right on St Charles with very few places to park out front. 
They have a great selection of coffee and tea as well as pastries and sandwiches. If you are a coffee snob, like me, you can get french press too.Walked in at 8:23 pm. Wouldn't make me a sandwich. Only concerned with going home. Not very nice people.This was our go to place for breakfast during our recent stay.  Quiches, coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice were all very good!  Very friendly staff.This place is a short walk from our timeshare at Avenue Plaza. The staff is very friendly. I had a plain bagel with their home made marmalade and their 24 oz smoothie. So good I would not even share a bite. My wife had a quiche and fresh squeezed orange juice. This was our second visit in three days. They have sandwiches for breakfast and lunch. Everything is very fresh and delicious. There is a continuous flow of customers but there is plenty of seating available. Make this one of your stops on St. Charles Avenue. Free WIFI.Looking for a place to eat an early breakfast was a laborious task. Luckily, I happened upon this place on yelp!
I had a croissant and a tea... it was good. I liked their tea selection. I had the vanilla nut creme decaf tea and I added cream and sugar to it. English Style.
The croissant was warmed and I got butter and jam delicious. 
There are plenty of outlets for computer users, so don't forget your power cords!
Free wifi. nice staff. 
I'd hit it.This place is right next to the St. Charles trolley stop restaurant. It's easily missed. They serve the freshest juices and delicious breakfast croissant egg sausage and bagel sandwiches. I would recommend this place over the above mentioned.I just wanted to start by saying that the coffee shop has been under new ownership since February. But this is my favorite place ever to study!! I am here probably 5 days a week - no exaggeration. Micki (the owner) is the best and all of the other employees are incredibly nice. The environment is sometimes quiet and sometimes noisier depending on the day and time. They take your order and bring the food out to you when it's ready, so you're never waiting in line for very long like in other places. The staff is very friendly but still very professional, the bathrooms are always clean, and the best part is they have the best coffee I have found anywhere in NOLA.I go there frequently and give this place a solid 4 stars.  Their house coffee, Tanzania Peaberry, is some of the best I've had. I order the granola and a bagel and that sets my morning up right.  The tables are just a little close together but other than that, great cafe.So happy we found this gem! Good coffee and food. We had bagel sandwich, chocolate croissant, and an Americano.  Very friendly staff and a view!  The owner was super nice and we wish him and Avenue Cafe all the best! Buying a second cup to go!I drive out of my way and fight to find parking because this coffee is SO GOOD! And the people are so nice. I always get a New Orleans style iced coffee (large is only 4.25!) and a piece of quiche. Sometimes I switch it up and get the morning glory bread (zucchini+carrot+cinnamon bread) or their bacon sweet potato biscuit, it's all absolutely delicious. I have also had their iced caramel latte and their Japanese style iced coffee, which was great too, but the New Orleans style iced coffee is what keeps me coming. Strong, slightly sweet and smooth.This is a great cafe. The coffee is good- especially the New Orleans ice coffee in the summer and the espresso is good.The food is delicious, in particular the quiche. 
They always have soccer on which I love. This is a great coffee shop to work/study in.Reliable coffee shop that I frequent at least twice a week. My fav dish is the quiche with salad, pretty affordable and yummy lunch option. Nice ambiance, comfortable seating and decent Internet. By far one of the best coffee shops for those that need a place to work/study in NOLA.Always very pleasant.  The coffee is wonderful and bagels are fresh.  The service is quiet, quick and efficient.  The sounds of the place varies but always up beat.I indulged in a beautiful and savory salad (honey drizzled over a Dijon vinaigrette arugula, blue cheese, pecan, and prosciutto...one of the best salads ever) and amazingly tasty cold brew coffee.  The young woman at the counter was super pleasant and gladly offered to make me the salad, even though it was a variation of the 2 offered on the menu. And free wifi to boot! I can't imagine a better way to spend a very rainy holiday afternoon.The two girl working the counter seemed overwhelmed, but needlessly so. When I approached the cashier, she told me to wait. I was nice, didn't mind. Eventually ordered our stuff - two coffee drinks and breakfast sandwiches. Not hard.
Firstly, they don't call out your drinks, so if you sit down, you won't know they're ready. The girls will not yell out for you or come find you, either. Secondly, it took them twenty five - 2 5 - minutes to make a bacon-sausage-cheese bagel with 3 ingredients pre-cooked, AND they just assumed somebody made my burrito and forgot about it. Thirdly, we were not the only ones in there, no, but everyone received the same crap service. No smiles, no help, and everything was the customer's fault.
I'm a barista at a coffee shop on Magazine. I know how this works. These people need better training and a serious overhaul in customer service.Coffee drinks are all great and the food is tasty, light and healthy. Plus the internet always works. This is everything a cafe should be.Great spot with lots of healthy options 2 minutes walk from Avenue Plaza resort. Sandwiches, smoothies, coffees and bagels. Great vegetarian and Vegan options. We had 2 sandwiches and they were both fresh and delicious. Friendly staff, fresh food and reasonable prices make this a solid breakfast or lunch option.This place has the best Club Sandwich in NOLA, no joke. The coffee is good too, and it is locally roasted. The pastries are tasty too. Good cafe!Got the New Orleans style iced coffee and drip coffee.  Both really delicious! Friendly fast service. Great environment. Fun for a quick stop :)Oh, I'm happy they are open until 9PM! Later is better, but I'll take it.  Staff is still just as friendly.  I must say I'm an absolute fan of the New Orleans Iced Coffee.  Let me just say, I'm really picky with coffee.  I drink espresso, and I add the right amount of sugar and milk.  So, everytime I order brew, even a flavored latte, while "good" it's never good enough. It's always missing something. Well, I must admit that iced coffee was almost near perfection to the point that I had to slow myself down.  That cold brew was soooo good.  Support the local businesses!Croissant sandwich was delicious. Don't be in a hurry, very chill. The consummate Big Easy experience. The store was located in the Garden District and the locals were aplenty. Good people watching!We've come here every time we visit New Orleans. It's never super crowded, the menu is simple but somewhat diverse, and the crowd doesn't seem to be touristy. Super chill and laid back vibes. Fresh squeezed OJ and croissant/bagel sandwiches are my favorite kind of breakfast and they do it well here. The pastries always look so temping but I've yet to try them. Highly recommend!After too many days of heavy and fried, I was desperate for something fresh, light, and anything green. Avenue cafe to the rescue. I had the tomato basil quiche with salad, Apple and carrot juice and an iced latte. Hubby had the grilled cheese and soppresetta(?) with a side salad. Everything was delicious. Light, cheerful atmosphere.I absolutely love this place! The owners/staff are super friendly and the service is exceptional. The food is fresh and healthy(except for the sinful pastries) and mostly local. Hands down, this is my favorite cafe in town!Amazing food!! Amazing people!! Comfortable prices,  VEGAN options!!! 5 star place! Coffee is wonderful,  service was good, friendly employees.  The location is great, saint Charles is a beautiful street.Fourth day in a row. Still the cleanest, best food we've eaten in NO. The cafe au lait is the best I've had-ever. Highly recommend!We ate at this fantastic cafe almost every morning of our week long vacation in New Orleans! We were staying just down the street and loved having this cafe close by. The bagel sandwich and croissant sandwich are both delicious, and we loved the option for fresh juices! The coffee here was delicious too, it was one of the few good spots for espresso we found during our trip. My boyfriend really enjoyed the vegan bagel sandwich, as it was admittedly hard to find fresh veggies or vegetarian options at the majority of restaurants in the French Quarter (where we ate most of our meals). Coming from Seattle, this cafe reminded us of home!They have the best iced coffee here. Great salads and sandwiches. Plenty of room to hang out and read a book or something.My favorite cafe in New Orleans, and one of my favorites in all cities. Cortado is great, service is wonderful, salmon bagel for breakfast is spot on. The two times I've been here have been great.Good and not crowded. The staff has been pleasant every time I've been there. Not even close to being as cliquish as other N.O. coffee houses.Excellent food! Very friendly staff. The carrot juice is amazing!!! Keep up the good work.Vegan Bagel and a fresh squeezed pineapple juice was a great light lunch for us! The juice was insanely fresh, and totally worth it! Only regret was not asking for the bagel to be toasted! Nice seating options and quite an extensive coffee menu!Best cold-brew coffee shop in the Lower Garden District. The owner and every barista I've encountered are all super-friendly, especially once they get to know you. Each one is trained to prepare the coffee in the same way, so the taste rarely varies depending on who makes it.
The check-out process is easy, especially if you use a charge card. Loyalty points are kept in the system, so you don't have to worry about losing yet another rewards card.As much as I love this delightful little cafe and everyone who works in it, I cannot give them a fourth star. The coffee is amazing, they do a great sandwich, an amazing quiche, a perfect soy milk hot cocoa with a tiny hint of hazelnut.... They just don't do any of it quickly.
There are way too many people standing around behind the counter to be getting that little done. I have somewhere to be. There is absolutely no sense of urgency here. 
On many occasions, I've been promised that my order would only take a minute & then witnessed that 1. Noone had begun making anything and 2. My quiche had yet to be put into the warmer. A coworker of mine once spent 10 minutes waiting for her order before I arrived to find her in a very similar situation. 
In order to overcome this, I now call in my order when I leave home so it's definitely ready by the time I make it uptown. This seems to work. So far. 
Good luck & Godspeed of you were on your way to work.Great vegan and gluten free sweet treat options.  They have almond milk for dairy free patrons and I thrilled with their composting efforts and organic choices.  This cafe was everything I could ask for, while being earth / environmentally friendly.We stayed in walking distance, and ate here a couple of times. My go to was the croissant. flaky, tasty, buttery, just so yummy! Hubs really wanted to eat there every day, but it is on the pricier side for breakfast but if you are looking for some fresh squeezed juice and savory pastries, go for it!Good coffee, my husband and I got the croissant sandwich as well as the bagel sandwich. While I love bagels, I wasn't personally a fan of the salami that came on it. Luckily my husband did enjoy that one, the croissant with ham was awesome!I'm not upset with homeless folks but this dude is always standing near the front entrance asking for money. Every day. The staff don't seem to mind.  Some of your customers might, if more panhandlers start showing up.  Still giving you a 3 rating but holding back 1 star for the storefront situation.Fresh squeezed orange juice tastes like Cuties or Halos.  SO delicious.  The mimosa is made with the same juice.  The orange cranberry scone was a perfect scone.  The plain bagel with the honey pecan cream cheese was perfect. It's not cheap but it's really good quality food.Spent many afternoons here for study sessions. A good spot to meet up friends. Great, reliable wifi. It's reasonably priced. Depending on how much you want to spend on your cafe day...avenue can be cheap. Plenty of seating, though sometimes it can get a bit noisy in the kitchen.Had the croissant egg sandwich, it was actually not bad for a small cafe. They are definitely more on the small breakfast side than an actual sit down and have your bacon and eggs. Tried the freshly squeezed apple juice, and the cappuccino, not bad at all.