Just what we were looking for.  A neighborhood bar with better than average bar food.  The meatloaf sandwich was delicious!  Sara was a wonderful bartender and gave honest suggestions.  Great find!Good chill spot to grab a drink and a bite after nearby restaurants have closed. Kind of a trendy dive bar if that makes sense.
We had a Cuban and a BLT, both of which were delicious late nite fare.
Drinks were decent but nothing write home about. Can't get 5 stars without Luxardos if cocktails and food is your thing. That said I didn't peruse their beers on tap so maybe that's more of a focus. Guess I'll have to come back.
Good friendly crowd in there on a Tuesday night.The Whitman Roast Beef is a solid sandwich bc it includes fried oysters tenderloin tips, and cheese. This seems like a good spot to grab a drink. Interesting decorations with old typewriters, a cozy fireplace, friendly bartenders and it's much cleaner than neighboring spots. Check it out!The Whitman sandwich was delicious. The fried oysters come on the side but I put them inside the sandwich and it tasted even better! But the beers tasted old. Overall an okay experience-much better places to visit in NOLA.Been to NOLA a bunch of times, but just stumbled upon this little Whitman-loving spot this year. I absolutely adore the writing theme present throughout the space, from the literary menu to the vintage typewriters lining the walls. It's very charming!
I had a Moscow Mule which was delicious. I THINK I also had a "Death In The Morning" (absinthe and champagne). Tasty but a little too strong for me ... my own fault of course, the name speaks for itself.
We stopped here more than once during this trip. It's just a cozy little spot. Perfect to grab a drink, admire the books on the mantle and sit on a squishy chair by the fireplace. Friendly bartenders too!Wonderful quaint bar with cool clients and an incredibly charming staff. Chefon made me feel so at home. She's beautiful and very funny! She recommended the poutine, mmm. I wish I could stay in New Orleans forever.We stopped by for dinner, the food was great and the service excellent. The Whitman roast beef sandwich is delish! We got an appetizer, two sandwiches and three drinks for less than $30. Highly recommended!Cleanest bathroom in the quarter, felt like a laboratory. Best bloody Mary's ever. You got to love pickled green beans in a bloody.We traveled from sunny Dunedin Florida to find the perfect dive bar. After arriving in New Orleans someone recommended the Backspace Bar. After visiting a few places and being disappointed in their service, we arrived at Backspace with an open mind. Vinnie was the bartender and his hair was as majestic as the cocktails. He recommended many local shots but we settled on his signature spicy tequila spirit that knocked us off our feet. Morgan cooked us a fantastic meatloaf sandwich that rivaled anything I've had at the Cheesecake Factory. Wow, what a wonderful place, everyone who visits this majestic city needs to visit this bar!Nice local beer selection. Rotating NoLa Brewery tap. "Craft" cocktails average on the inexpensive side. Good food, with an all day breakfast option I greatly appreciate. Comfortable seating. If I didn't live on the opposite end of the FQ, I'd be there more often. Don't be alarmed when you see a cockroach. It's inevitable.Great little spot off the beaten path. Very laid back atmosphere. Since it was our first night back in New Orleans we didn't want to plan reservations anywhere not knowing what the night may bring. We ended up having dinner here and it was awesome. I personally ordered the red beans and rice which were awesome and the burger, also great. My fiancé ordered the meatloaf and It was amazing! I was also able to try the gumbo and it was delicious. Not a location you would expect great food, one guy in the kitchen and one bartender taking care of everyone. I would recommend stopping here while in town. Looking forward to going back to try one of their bloody Mary's everyone keeps raving about on here.Cozy place on charter street.
My burger was phenomenal!,  I went with a group of 6 and everyone loved there food and it was fairly priced. Very clean bar, great decor. The bartender was very nice and friendly. 
Great place.Kuddos to Chef Liz...her spicy creole mustard on the fried oyster roast beef sandwich was amazing!!!!Impressive food and drinks from what outwardly appears to be just another french quarter bar.  The pricing is way too low given the quality..but that's great for us patrons!  
Backspace Bar is open late and has a full kitchen until "at least" 4AM according to the bartender.  Cocktails are made from scratch from house-made syrups, fresh squeezed citrus, etc.  They're really affordable too!  A Pimm's Cup ran $5 or $6 at 1am, sans any sort of happy hour, and beers were ~$4, which were mostly local drafts.  
Food...so good I ended up here twice.  The roast beef sandwich (The Whitman) is one of the best sandwiches I've tried anywhere.  Seriously.  The Meatloaf was also good, but I didn't love it as I'm still not sold on anything that has the words "meat" and "loaf" combined together.  The grown up grilled cheese was just okay, however.  Also, fried pickles are $2.  $2??  Stupid cheap.  
Downside is that just like almost everywhere else down here, they allow smoking.  No smoking, and this is a 5* joint all day.This is a quaint little bar just down from Bourbon Street. Just far enough from the ruckus. Let me start by saying they, by far, had the coldest beer I've ever tasted. $3 Blue Moons.....say what?! Yes, please!  
My crew ordered the backspace burger minus the fixins but RAVED about how great the burger tasted.  I had the adult grilled cheese. Equally great.  I would given them 5 stars but the kitchen was a one-man-band so our food took forever.  Granted it was the day of the Alabama/Ohio State game, but  the place isn't that large. It was well worth the wait. So much so we came back on the January 2nd for our farewell meal. This time I ordered the Backspace burger with the works. OMG! Definitely a must visit.I would recommend the Backspace burger, without a doubt one of the best burgers ever! An iced coffee with Jameson and Baileys as well! Laura the bar tender was awesome and took care of us all! An off the main bourbon st path which makes this literacy themed bar amazing! We will be back!Loved this place.  The bartender was extra helpful and polite.  The atmosphere was laid back.  It did not feel like we were sitting in the middle of the french quarter.  The wings were tasty, but were a little undercooked.  My wife and I would definitely return.I love this place. One of the simplest and most well thought out and refined bar food menus in the quarter. I stop here on late night romps through town or like today, treat myself before a long night at work. Today I'm celebrating my free parking find with a ham and Brie with sliced apple on French toast and an incredible sazerac. It's a quite, comfortable and welcoming and with friendly and quick knowledgable service and laid back atmosphere, despite the chaotic surroundings. My usual favorite is the Hemingway Cuban but I also enjoy the meatloaf sandwich on occasion. Today I had my sights on something different but phenomenal. Now, it's off to work!This is such an awesome find. Their burgers are kick ass, their drinks are on point and the wait staff is awesome. I just told the waitress what kind of drink I like and she made the most amazing drink for me. And the backspace burger is so freaking good. JADOREI would say 2.5 stars but I'm being nice. I love this place & want it to succeed. It id very cozy and I love the atmosphere.  It's got really great potential as I love the names of famous cocktails, such as vieux carre' and the vesper, written on the board in front of me. But the bartenders really need to step up their game. I asked for an old fashioned and when I received it, I noticed that it was lacking bitters. I asked and received, no big deal. But, Then I tasted to find out that it had sprite in it.  Really guys?!  If y'all are going to be a late night service industry haven, lets get it together!  Other than that, I haven't tried the food yet but I heard it was good.I've been working week long Conferences in New Orleans for five years, and I'm no stranger to bars and restaurants here, and great service in New Orleans. The service industry is such a huge part of New Orleans, I've got nothing but admiration for the patience and hard work of servers. I had such a bad server experience at Backspace- it was bizarre, and seemed purposely directed, so much so that an acquaintance of mine also seated at the bar stepped in to call it out. 
After working 50 hours in 3 days at my Conference, I was super stoked to get a burger and a beer here after reading all the great reviews. Bellied up to the bar, asked for a menu, and ordered an Amber. It came in a plastic cup, which was the first strike when obviously dining in.  Then when I got my food, the bartender talked loudly about his bowel movements in front of me while I was eating, and joked about doing so. And here's when bad service felt like it was being done purposefully, I'm not a naive diner. My friend seated nearby comes to Backspace whenever he's in town, and called the server out (that's how obviously gauche the service was). 
New Orleans is great for its choices when going out, and I'm happy to Yelp about those great experiences, and spend my dollars elsewhere.The food and drinks were top notch. I ordered the backspace burger, my husband ordered the roast beef sandwich. The burger was delicious, the bread was incredible, all of the flavors combined wonderfully. His roast beef sandwich was the best he's ever had, and he highly recommends pairing it with the fried oysters. We first ordered drinks off of the specialized menu, and the bartenders were fantastic and suggested we choose otherwise. We got long island iced teas, and wound up staying for two because their sour mix was freshly made and made the drinks delicious. We will be going back there by the end of our stay.My boyfriend and I went to this bar after leaving a show at House of Blues. It was a short walk and an easy decision to go into the bar. It looked so cozy and welcoming. There was a fireplace and not too many people. The bartender was conversational and respectable at once. I ordered the vegetable sandwich with no cheese. It came out with cheese (a common mistake) and the bartender was extremely accommodating and apologetic. We enjoyed Moscow Mules there all night by the fire and didn't want to leave.Great little bar and restaurant. The bartender was beyond great, he was Superb. An artist. Go in and ask him for his favorite cocktail. You will not be disappointed. 
The food was uniformly good. Cajun Piutine wa probably the best of the bunch. Our entrees were both good  dessert was an afterthought, and probably best gotten elsewhere.Chill bar, perfect for a quiet Monday night. Sidecar was great and chips with salt and pepper the perfect foil for a sweet drink. Wish we'd discovered it earlier in our trip.Backspace Bar is a solid bar with some good food options.  It is a nice quiet vibe which is really nice opposite those loud Bourbon Street bars.  We wanted a snack and had the BLT which was very good and some drinks- I would say my margarita was little heavy on mixer but we liked the place over all.Soooo we stumbled across this spot due to a recommendation by a local at a strip club. It's a smaller size bar, but its so quaint & has a speak easy feel once inside. 
Food: All I can say is DAAAMMMNNN. Hands down this is THE best burger & grilled cheese I have EVER had. My fiancee dragged the chef out the kitchen to praise him for the deliciousness we experienced. All imma say is whoever thought of brie cheese on a burger was simply brilliant! 
The staff was on point with service & made sure we were taken care of. Be warned though - do not expect your food to come out within minutes. The food here is made with love & care. It took us about 40mins to get our food for a table of two; but totally worth the wait. 
This will be a staple bar/restaurant to visit every time I visit this magical city! 
Thank you Back Space!This bar is my favorite one we went to in NOLA.  The food was good, the atmosphere is phenomenal a writers theme, there are even books.  Our bartenders, Corey & Erica were friendly, fun, & attentive. We couldn't have asked for better service.Backspace really is an oasis in the Quarter and all its mediocre (at best) food and drink options.Super chill local joint with excellent bar/casual food, a cool cocktail menu, and great bartenders.  They will take care of ya!  Exactly what I was looking for to enjoy a yummy lunch and just kick it in the Big Easy!Nice little bar with good food. The bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is great.Tasty food, a bit local a bit gastro. Great drinks and wonderful service from a lovely ladyBeyond impressed our first trip to new Orleans and i must say i am a hardcore critic of food and how it tastes and how the people serving me are. And man o man i felt right at home layout is so homey and fun. The people here are amazing fun and just all around wondeful. The food is top notch it really brings me to a place in many books that you wish you could eat at. If you dont try it you're a fool.Tasty food and super friendly service! Stop here if u r looking for a cozy spot to chill!Oh yum.  I like the ambiance in here.  I had a couple Abitas and the roast beef, which was amazing- served on fresh bread with a gravy and also oysters.  I scarfed the whole thing down, practically in one bite.  
Aside from kicking myself for forgetting to pick up a matchbook to add to my collection, this was an A+ experience.Backspace came to our rescue when we landed late into New Orleans after our flight from Chicago was delayed. We were hungry and needed a drink and Backspace was our saviour. The bar is a cute and cosy space, the bartender was friendly and funny. And the food was good! I wasn't super hungry so got a snack of the poutine chips. The bf wanted something more substantial so he got the BLT. The poutine was really good, surprisingly so. And hit the spot as a great midnight snack. The bf also enjoyed his BLT. I ate a couple (probably more) of his fries on the side and can confirm those were tasty too. Overall it was a fantastic welcome to the Big Easy.Great Vesper Martini, okay gumbo, kinda cool atmosphere. I probably won't go back but it was a good place to stop in.Loved it! Great little bar where the locals hang out. Very friendly bartender named Sarah, she was awesome. Not a place where bros hang out which is AWESOME!Vinnie is the best!!! By far the best bar in New Orleans!! Fast service and great burgers. The gimlet and Mary Pickford were delicious.What a great little bar! Our bartender Sarah was very attentive. My beer was never empty! The food was amazing throughout my little group. I ate the Grown Up Grilled Cheese, adding bacon AND avocado because ... why not? It was cheesy in the best way. I love this little place surrounded by typewriters and books.Someone who reads my reviews may be sensing a theme: dive bars. And yeah, I like paying a little and getting a lot. This place was good. The bartender scoffed at the cocktails on the menu, which was perfect, because we didn't see a damn thing we liked. He made us his own special tequila drink with hot sauce and pineapple juice which was actually incredible--I had two. I also ordered their grown up grilled cheese. I get that grilled cheese is easy as pie to make, but I'll be damned if it wasn't the best grilled cheese I've ever tasted. All of this and the price was RIGHT. I strongly recommend.Nice for the laid back approach. Burger was delicious. The service was not so great. The margaritas were not too tasty. The furniture and room to move around was not there it's very crowded and loud.Casual mellow bar with good drinks and an even music (Indie rock persuasion).  On the recommendation of our waitress at SoBou, we stopped by Backspace Bar for a cucumber margarita to start off our night of more excessive drinking.  The place was fairly empty at 9:30pm so we grabbed a table and ordered two rounds of margaritas and fireball shots.  The margarita was tasty and well-balanced (hence the second round).   I still can't get over the lower drink prices in NOLA compared to LA-- I think for all the drinks (there were four of us) came out under $58.  Good place for a group to chill and start off your night.Very cool neighborhood bar. Just stopped in for drinks, the bartender was very friendly and I had a great Moscow mule. Smoking is allowed inside, which I think is the only drawback.K was telling me about the grilled cheese here being good, but I'm a bigger fan of the BLT (who woulda guessed that I would prefer a dish with pig in it?). Also, the housemade chips!
I'm reading that the burger is good, so next time, I may try one.
Great to have as a late night option.This place is really great - they have amazing prices, great drinks and the best burger ever. They have $3 baits on tap, $4 cocktails/mixed drinks and they do a great job. The bloody marys here are amazing and its a really cute atmosphere.  
My only complaint was the bartender that was there the second night we went to this bar - she made pretty bad drinks and asked us to serve other customers? She also threw out the recyclables and didn't wash her hands before she went back to serving.  We were super grossed out and left immediately.I heard a lot of good things from fellow yelpers so I thought when visiting the French Quarter for the first time with my wife, we should stop in.  What we experienced needed to be shared with you all as a counterpoint to your rave reviews.  First, we walked in to the smell of stale beer, akin to the smell of a frat house on Sunday morning.  Next, we sat down at the bar and waited to be acknowledged by the staff, which we weren't.  What we were welcomed by was a lovely little roach crawling around the bar top.  So, it was a blessing that we were ignored by the staff because it saved us from an overall unclean experience.Came here for some late night eats. My boyfriend ordered the adult grilled cheese. We all know that's an oxymoron. I ordered the veggie croissant sandwich(forget the official name). We are still disagreeing on whose meal was better. I think it's actually ending our relationship, but anyway don't be scared to try. If you both order the veggie croissant sandwich, you'll both have the best meal and your marriage won't be ruined arguing over who had the better sandwichPlace has a great vibe, with a competent bartender it'd probably be great.  Female bartender told us to wait and she would take our orders when we were standing at a place that says "order here."  That did not happen.  She didn't apologize at all, was extremely cavalier about it.  She flatly refused to make all but one of the cocktails available at this cocktail bar.  If I could only accomplish 1 in 10 tasks required for a job I wouldn't have a job.  I'd send someone to this bar only as a prank.
Also they didn't spell Yuengling correctly in the menu which is great use of irony for a literary themed bar.Was welcomed by a friendly bartender that made excellent suggestions. Thoroughly enjoyed my Moscow Mule and chicken caprese sandwich. A nice respite from the craziness of Bourbon.I'm having a chill evening with the most warm and welcoming bartender, Lydia. I was sent over by the local cigar shop. We are happy to spend some time here. Hubby & I are chillin in NOLA.This is a real cool little bar, in the land of a million bars.  This one is worth a stop in.  It's real cozy, they have 3 casino machines and a pretty good menu.  But the best thing about this place is the drinks.
I'm a Stoli and club soda girl, this should be an easy drink to make, but so many people screw it up with to much soda or to much Stoli or a dirty glass.  This one was perfect and reasonably priced ( I can't remember how much, maybe it was stronger then I thought).  Another remarkable thing was the bartender found out I had never had a hurricane drink in New Orleans and gave me a little taste.  It was actually pretty delicious!
I had a BLT sandwich, it was very fresh and not covered in grease, which is hard to find in a small bar around Bourbon St.  I would definitely check this place out again next time I am in town.I came here over Thanksgiving weekend.    If you wanna get off the beaten path swing by and grab a drink or two here.    Great Cajun poutine and a fun time.    My favorite bar in New Orleans by far and Vinnie is by far my favorite bar tender.   No one I've met on my travels has been as knowledgable as him and Patrick.    Do yourself a favor and stop in here for a few, you regret it.Cozy. Open. Has character. Cool red leather couches. Dark wooden beams. Everything affordable. The Leinies Summer Shandy was a great surprise.This was a decent burger cooked correctly to medium rare but only including chips as a side. The mixed green salad was out of a box with wedges of tomato. Why did I have to ask for water, ketchup--and a fork a knife for salad (which were plastic)? Lackluster beer selection. To get the check I had to yell across the bar to get the social talking bartenders attention. Water wasn't  refilled. All in all not great.The lady bartender working Saturday night was efficient, friendly and wonderful! The fantastic choice in music was kept at a perfect level, the cocktails were super good and the whole bar just felt really well kept and warm. It's just dive-y enough to be relaxed but they take their brews and drinks seriously. It's a great medium spot. I didn't try the food but from what I saw it looked really tasty.I keep returning here because Lydia and Laura are THE best bartenders.  Always a friendly greeting and excellent service. The chef is also just as delightful just like her food.   Personally, the grown up grilled cheese is my fave.  Although I must say it's all good.  My work crew (#csk) is not the only crew that frequents during lunch.  I see many others from Canal Place in here as well. I've turned many friends on this place.  It's difficult not to rave.  Keep up the fantastic work!!I got to new Orleans late, had no idea where to go.  Backspace was the first bar I stopped in, quickly I made friends with the bartender everyone called swede. After two beers he knew I was a bud light drinker and kept my beer full the rest of the night/morning.  I asked him what he recommended in the menu and he suggested the meatloaf sandwich, it was delicious.  Overall the beers were reasonable, the food was adequately priced and the music swede was playing on the radio kept everyone engaged.  I highly recommend backspaceSeriously slow service.  So bad that I  walked out.  I walked in and sat at a bar 50% full.  She took about 10 minutes to come to our area of the bar and when she did, she refilled drinks for the people next to me and didn't even look at me.  The bartender can't manage her time and cannot multitask.  I never got a drink and left. I made sure people looking at the menu outside heard about it as I walked out.   Jimani bar next door served me quickly and had great food.I love this place so much. Me and my girlfriend grab something to eat there at least 3 times a month. We always go and get the same thing, two chicken caprese sandwiches. But our recent time going, we order to go, the waiter charged us $9 more than it was suppose to be. The next time we came we asked the bartender about it and she confirmed that we was over charged but it wasn't much we can do. Real shitty bartender and should be fired if he's over charging just to picket the money. Don't think I will return.Very cool place! Friendly bar service and good prices. Tried a Moscow Mule for the first time. Great place!THE BUGER IS FOR REAL! vibe is great, straight New Orleans. It's real people. I'm eating my burger and drinking my Gina Ricky as I'm writing this post. Staff is great and real. Everyone is nice, but expect a jab here and there if you decide to order a girl you drink lol. Good time! Again the food is great!!!! Like really good. THIS IS A NEW ORLEANS MUST DO.Came in today for a quick bite and a drink
The red headed bar manager was so rude
She was very vulgar, had no concept of time management, and the drink she made me was not what I ordered. I wouldn't recommend this place to the homeless people outside..Here for lunch and got a BBQ sandwich and fresh cut fries, was awesome. Great service and atmosphere.Small, off the beaten path. Great place for some traditional cocktails and a good way to avoid the Bourbon street crowds if that's what ur looking for.
For what they're trying to do- 4 stars!I've only been here twice I had a Bly and cosmos they were awesome.. Will be backNice little dive bar with a fireplace (it was cold when we were there). Good service, cheap drinks. We came here a couple times during our trip.
The best sandwich I ever had was here. It was the French Toast Brie/Apple/meat sandwich. OMG. I was floored that this little joint had this sandwich. Talk about surprised! I could eat that all the time.
I would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for the Moscow Mule. Was not made properly. Tasted like pure lime juice.Good late nite spot for cheap Abitas ($3) and great comfort/drunk food. The Whitman ("Our take on a roast beef sandwich with fried oysters: Roasted beef tenderloin tips, fried oysters, and Swiss cheese, lettuce & tomato on Ciabatta with gravy") has to be one of the best sangwiches in the city. The meatloaf, étouffée and red beans and rice are also recommended. Swede the bartender is good people. Another good sign: service industry peops coming here after their shifts are over.
Overall, solid place to hit for late nite comfort food or one last drink before heading back to your Canal St/CBD hotel.I came for lunch and had the Cuban. Lots of bread with little meat. Average at best. The "grilled vegetables" on the side were steamed frozen vegetables. Really disappointing especially given all the positive reviews.Saturday evening we swung in here round 1am for some late night bites. Great staff and excellent food. The meatloaf sandwich was a hot with our group ms the bacon on the hamburger was thick and juicy. Not too pricey and just great food :)Found this restaurant in the New Orleans dining guide. I'm a writer, so the concept sounded fun. Not only was the ambiance right up our alley, but the food was amazing and our server, Tracy, was awesome. We had the Cuban sandwich, the Cajun Poutine, a  Scorpion cocktail, and a Death in the Afternoon cocktail. I recommend all of them. I also bought a William Faulkner T-shirt on my way out. Great music, too. Highly recommend.Really great writer/Hemingway theme. Good bar food and is open late. Even sometimes has a fire. The only reason it doesn't get 5* is because several times now I've had less than personable bartenders. Still worth going to, though.My boyfriend and I visited this bar twice while on vacation in New Orleans. We never tried any food, but drank a few beers and had a cocktail. The bartenders were really friendly and made local suggestions on places to dine and things to do. We liked the laid back atmosphere of this place because everything else in the French quarter was so busy and flashy. Would recommend for a few beers and good conversation!Anyone from NOLA will tell you, no two gumbos are alike. The hard part about finding good gumbo is you have to try some bad ones until you hit the jackpot. Well after 4 or 5 failed gumbos, a local recommended Backspace for gumbo.Finally we hit the jackpot, the best flavor gumbo we had the entire trip. Everyone has their favorite, but for us this hit the spot and blended all the flavors just right. Oddly enough the red beans and rice was also spot on as well. Great find for not just late night food, but for great food anytime. Rarely do I give 5 stars, but when I do it is deserved.Hubs and I went to eat and grab a drink last night at about 8 maybe. Wasn't too busy, normal amount of people. Our blonde waitress gave us menus and I ordered a beer to start and my husband said "I'll have a water to start while I decide what else I want." She brought my beer and never came back. She was literally 5 feet from us eating food, joking with customers, even making eye contact with me while I was holding up the menu. & nothing.. about 20 mins went by and she walked past us to go out to smoke. That's when we just had to go to the bar and pay for the beer and leave. We couldn't believe it.If the female bartender with the dark black hair working this past Sunday at lunchtime does not own the place I would seriously consider whether I wanted her working for you.  Because you lost the business of nine very generous girls who were about to have lunch and drinks.
As a group we had been there Sat night and had awesome food and a great time and I had left my cell phone behind.  I called Sun morning to ask if anyone had found a cell phone and the person who picked up said yes.  I wasn't just walking in to pick up my phone an hour later, we were going to eat and have drinks.   
The bartender changed all of that by being patronizing, ignoring not just us but most anyone who approached the bar to get service.  Once we sat down at a table two of us stood at one end of the bar to try to attract her attention.  After 15 minutes my friend ordered a drink and sandwich and she didn't as much as look at me, knowing we were with the same group.  I was about to place an order for 8 more drinks and 8 more meals.  She left, made my friend's bloody mary and when she came back I said I'd left my phone the night before and she asked me to describe it.  I said it was black, an android...she said does it have a case?  I paused but said no and she asked again for a better description and then asked, "why don't you know what kind of phone you have."  Not that I even expected to have to waste her time to explain - I said I bought the phone for $40 the day before because I'd broken my phone and it was a stand in for the wkend until I got my new one delivered.  She looked at me and said, "I don't care what the fuck you paid for your phone.  If you can't prove its yours I'm not just handing it over." As a business owner I would've fired her on the spot.  Leaving my phone there did not warrant her harassment, asking one of my friends to call my phone would've solved the situation entirely.  She had one of the worst attitudes I've ever come across.  
I maintained my calm because I was grateful to have found my phone and I want to thank whoever set it aside at the Backspace for me Sat. night.  She didn't let me say anything else and let me stand there at the bar for another 10 minutes while she waited on other people until finally she picked up my phone from beside the cash register and shoved it down the bar to me.
You lost our business and the only reason was her shitty service and attitude.I called to ask a question about their menu.. before I could get to even saying to menu item, the lady who picked up hung up on me. ???? Why even pick up the phone?..Had BLT, bread too thick, bacon tasty. Beer prices better than average at $3 at lunch.Cool literary-inspired bar with hip bartenders and staff who welcomed us weary travelers. Great to find custom-made drinks and food served late night. Bookcases have been transformed into bar displaying vintage typewriters. Cocktails draw from literary references. Rogues gallery of authors on the wall. But hey, after a 12-hour travel day it was all about the martini and scrumptious BLT after 11 pm. "America has only three cities: New York, San Francisco, and New Orleans. Everywhere else is Cleveland." (Tennessee Williams) Cheers!Another good Quarter spot with good food, good drinks, and great conversation.  I usually meet other people who also live in the city and have a good time sharing stories over beers and shots.  It's a great bar to look around and take in the way they've decorated it as well.