This place has such a fun atmosphere. My friends and I stopped by for dessert the other night. We ordered the mint chocolate dome cake dessert. It was delicious! We sat at the bar and the staff was super friendly. My friend wanted him to surprise her with a dessert drink and he made her a grasshopper. She said it was the best drink she has ever had!Cute little shop.   Brunch is a must try.   The cakes are must try too.  The staffs are full of smiles and the coffee was great.  Fresh and bottomless.The vibe, music, friendly faces, and the FLITRY CAKE! This place was such a treat. Perfect for a night cap! You can have both treats and alcoholic beverages! My favorite cake was the pistachio cake slice and my friends LOVED the rainbow slice!Love the idea of having books in this bar! It's so generous and fun. We plan to both borrow and contribute by bringing more books when we return. The dobites are a great late night treat and my husband says his old fashioned was the best he's had! We really enjoyed this little bar!It's my first time here. A friend recommended it to me while i was visiting NOLA.  The staff was a AMAZING. From the gentleman who seated me to my waitress who made my first time memorable with even the little things. I didn't get her name but she has short blonde hair. I can't thank her enough.  I ordered banana bread pudding (not normally a fan of bread pudding) I'm so glad i did. It was delicious.I don't typically have a sweet tooth but when I crave dessert it's pretty serious. I found this gem on yelp and based on reviews I decided to try it out. The bartenders are polite and friendly, and they make awesome drinks! The deserts are to die for and are made fresh. Love the location and the inside looks super awesome! They have books and board games. Next time my late night sweet cravings kick in I will definitely go back. Thank you for staying open late!I came Monday night to try out this place since I was craving for dessert. I ordered the rainbow cake. It was very good and not too sweet except for the white icing that surrounds it. The place is very relaxing and chill.  They have other cakes on display but this one is the one I picked. I recommend it to everyone as well. Please try and go try their rainbow cake.Jordan, Faith, and Joe were amazing, and I LOVED the happy hour food. The current German happy hour menu is fantastic. I recommend it to anyone looking for a great, local NOLA bar with great food.I only had a piece of cake (the wedding rainbow surprise) so I can't comment on the other food or the cocktails. The doberge cake was really good, better than Gambino's I'd say and it seems like that have some really fun flavors. Unfortunately, it seemed like they were out of a lot of stuff like the king cake flavor, which is what we actually came to try. They also didn't have any of the small cake balls or bites like I saw on the website, just cake by the slice ($7). The cocktails looked good as did some of the food on the menu. Seems like a chill place to hangout.I've been wanting to come here for quite a while and I'm so glad that I finally made the trip. Bakery Bar has delicious, freshly baked sweets and a nice wine/cocktail selection. We got the rainbow cake, the chocolate chip cookie beignets and the cinnamon roll petit four. All three were sinfully tasty! I paired them with a glass of sparkling wine. We had a really lovely time here!What a great way to end an evening!  We were greeted at the door and seated very quickly, even though there were at lot of people. The Rose was great and the service was even better. Our table ordered the bananas foster and funfetti cake. The cake was so moist!!!  
Don't miss out on this fun and unique experience!What a fantastic place! The atmosphere is chill and relaxed. There are shelves of games and books for patrons to enjoy. There is a full bar, coffee, food and delicious cake! I'm not sure what more anyone could need. We had the rainbow wedding doberge cake, which was delicious. Not too sweet and beautiful :) We will definitely be back to try many more things!I only had a piece of cake, and my first dolberge cake at that! I found it to be everything that I thought it might be. It was moist, soft and fresh. The sweetness was really captured in the frosting. This made it very enjoyable and a southern must treat. 
The atmosphere in here was lovely and original. It is kind of a casual- cute unique cafe feel. All the waitresses were very attentive and nice. I had a great experience!Rose was simply amazing. She was attentive to our arrival and made us feel welcome. I asked for a recommendation to pair with the King Cake doberge cake and she suggested the cold brew martini. Her warm and bubble personality truly complimented the resting bitch face guy working with her. He seemed to warm up to those who didn't look like us but maybe it's just his personality anti-people like me... Rose was very accommodating and the reason I will definitely return. I can't wait to see the cakes for embracing future holidays or NOLA culture. Heaven in a slice.Awesome new place in the old Eleven 79 space - it's  a strange little corner next to the raised highway without much outside ambiance but the interior is very well done and the service is very friendly and professional if a bit slow (it takes a while to make a great cocktail so if there's only one bartender you'll have a bit of a wait but you won't be forgotten).  On an initial visit we tried the Shrimp Tartine as an appetizer and were then going to cook at home but it was so good we decided to order a couple more of the small plates and have dinner there.  Toad in the Hole was a very good choice as was the Pimento Cheese Sconewich, it's a very small menu but very well done.  And of course you have to save room for the best doberge cake in town, and honestly one of the only places you can find it.  Wow, Charlotte does a great job with this difficult multi-layer cake and you may have tried it before at Twelve Mile Limit, Toups Meatery, or through their cake business of many years called Debbie Does Doberge.  Same people, now with a storefront that's also a bar & restaurant.  Some of the best drinks in town (you may remember Charles from Twelve Mile Limit) to go along with excellent food and the best cake in town.  And stumbling (I mean walking) distance for me to get home.  Nice.
Ultimately it's a bar but there seem to be lots of families here as well and I believe you just have to sit in the restaurant area as opposed to the bar if anyone in your group is under 21.  After only a couple weeks being open Bakery Bar already seems to be a big neighborhood draw as well as bringing people from across town for both the cake and the cocktails.  It's definitely a bit older crowd than Twelve Mile Limit and unsurprisingly a bit hipster but really this place will likely feel welcoming to just about anyone.  I just hope I'm able to get in a month from now when it will inevitably be overrun with adoring fans 6 days a week...This place is amazing! The dessert is to die for. I had the bananas foster bread pudding and it lived up to the hype! In addition, I had A Different Beast cocktail. It was tasty and refreshing. If you're ever in NOLA, you have to go to the Bakery Bar!Reminded me of a bar I used to go to with my wife when we were dating back in Gainesville. There are board games and things to bring to the tables. Good late night spot for some dessert and a drinkGreat service...very friendly.  Yummy dessert and we also has coffee with Bailey's.  #winWhat is there not to love about Bakery Bar? Great space with a friendly staff, creative drinks, board games, tasty snacks and desserts done by the legendary Debbie Does Doberge. In addition to the full size cakes, the Do-Bites are perfect hand sized treats with intense flavor combos. The Red Velvet Elvis is a treasure - red velvet cake, peanut butter banana filling and cream cheese icing with bacon bits.... seriously....totally off the charts.Update: 
So, since my initial visit, I've had the rainbow, salted caramel, strawberry, and red velvet doberges. They all have tasted the same as an almond wedding cake. Because of this I was a bit unimpressed with Debbie's doberge cakes. I do appreciate the abundance of unique flavors, but if they all taste the same, what's the point? 
I will say, I'm a fan on the petit fors, salty balls and cookies. 
The staff is also top notch! While I've visited several times, every bartender/waitress I've encountered has been nothing but kind and sweet; not in the "I'm being extra, tip me well" way, but they just have a genuine and good personality about them. For that, I'll be sure to give the Bakery Bar business for late night cocktails and other desserts.Delightful atmosphere, delicious cake, and downright neighborly staff!Came for brunch and it was amazing! Everything Bagel aioli is just a brilliant idea which I am stealing! No lines, full bar in case you need to hair your dogg! Great serviceIt was a little too trendy and cool for me. It was packed and very loud. I walked in and was confused about how to order or where to go. The cake was delicious though...I can't lie. I didn't like the cake bites nearly as much as a slice(I got a slice of butterscotch). To pay 2 bucks for a glass of milk it would have been nice if the bartender would have filled up the cup all the way. It wasn't super expensive but it wasn't cheap or comfortable. You'll get a great slice of cake here though (for 6 bucks). The slice isn't small but isn't really big.Good idea of combining alcohol and dessert, my two favorite things. I really enjoyed the welcoming atmosphere and the very nice barstaff. The dessert was great, though I did not get to try any of the drinks. Will definitely be back in the future!Red Velvet Doberge Cake is so good!  Also try the Key Lime sampler.  Cookies are cold and hard, but everything else is perfection!Bakery bar is awesome for sweetooths and boardgamers like me! Although it's street parking, Parking is very easy and normally not crowded. 
The ambiance is very chill and cozy, and there's a ton of board games to choose from while you  snack on sweets! They also have savory dishes too, such as a cheese and charcuterie board!! 
 I had the salted caramel cake and a couple of their Pettit-fours and they were all overly sweet!! I'd probably share with someone because of its size and the amount of sugar it has! I also had their hot chocolate which also overwhelmingly sweet.
I stayed around closing time (Midnight) once and they gave out fresh cookies and milk, and that definitely was the best experience for me! Their cookies are the best dessert in my opinion because it's crispy on the outside, yet soft on the inside with tons of choclaty ooey goodness everywhere!
Definitely great spot to hang with friends for dessert, games, and drinks!
.. Just went again, and waiter told me they put away board games on the weekends cause it can get hectic :( so sad but understandable! And I had their rainbow wedding cake.. And that was UNBELIEVABLY amazing!Little, hidden bar, but worth stopping at. Had breakfast here and loved it. Great service and food! Super friendly waiters. Not sure why it was empty on a Saturday morning, but don't be discouraged by the deserted bar...it's really worth it!Ohhhh this place has not disappointed me yet! After a second visit, I feel it's time for a proper review. 
Find out when Toure' (I'm probably butchering the spelling) is working and make him your go to bartender. He was funny, charismatic, and has a pretty dope vinyl record collection. He also was able to explain and answer my questions with out getting frustrated and boy did I have a lot of questions. 
Their wine list does not disappoint especially in the bubbly department! There could probably be a bit more work done on the specialty cocktail menu. Nothing just stood out to me like "Yes girl you have to try that..." 
Now let's talk desserts.... I was in heaven with the carrot cake salted cake ball and the mocha dolbite. The fried chocolate chip cookie left me desiring more. Reminded me of funnel cake mixed with chocolate chips.
Parking is easy to find but will be on the street. Excellent parallel parking skills are a plus. 
If you're visiting NOLA make this one a priority 2 or 3 visit.  Happy Sipping!Wonderful atmosphere- when you come in there's books, board games, a fully stocked bar, and a beautiful party display full of sweets. My cocktail, the Garden Party, was crisp and refreshing. The food- goodness. The chicken and waffles were delicious. The breakfast plate was full of tasty bits and pieces great for sharing. The cheese grits were super rich. As far as the sweets- you HAVE to try the salty balls. They're cake balls with a little salt thrown in for a great result. We went in for Sunday brunch and were seated immediately with great service. Will definitely recommend and return asap.We only stopped here on a Saturday afternoon for a  treat (the cakes were super tasty). Wish we had had more time to spend here. The ambiance is awesome - exposed beams, brick, books and board games fill the space. A really fun hipstery hangout, but without the attitude. Sweet staff members and a homey vibe. Would definitely return, this time for a few drinks too!I love this place. The shrimp & grits waffle with black bean syrup was a really different treat. The suffering bastard complimented it nicely. Cozy, rustic atmosphere.A confectionary sensation!! Our family visited the Bakery Bar yesterday, and from the time we walked in, we were blown away! We were promptly greeted by 2 friendly, helpful bartenders. The drinks were stellar (we each tried different drinks including the roffignac, the la louisiane, the scenic route and the siren song). While our kids enjoyed board games, we enjoyed our charcuterie and gulf shrimp tartine followed by the most divine Doberge cake ever!!! Our first plate of dobites was devoured by our kids before we could even reach the plate!! They have not stopped talking about the best cake they have ever tried!! Highly recommend!!!Debbie Does Doberge has a new location that is open late and slings some amazing desserts.  On my several visits now there has always been a good crowd of folks enjoying the desserts.  They also have other food but so far I've only had the desserts.  Lots of folks seem to like to grab their treats to go and take them down to enjoy at Courtyard Brewery.Enjoyed the desserts although I don't have much of a sweet tooth.  Convenient for a quick bite.My wife and I just moved from New Orleans, and visited bakery bar on our last night in town for a while. We had tried the Debbie does doberge cakes before and had been thrilled, so we picked up a half dozen pieces for the family. While hanging out, we had a few drinks; the gimlet was fantastic and the absinthe frappe was pungent and distinct. Upon being ushered out for last call, we were given warm, near-perfect chocolate chip cookies and glasses of milk to sweeten our parting. It worked. We were charmed to death.
The cake, however, was not quite as note worthy as ones we had picked up at twelve mile limit a few years before. Mine, the key lime, had none of the savory sweet play I expected. I wanted a buttery graham cracker crumble or something of the sort. It was also lacking in tartness, and as a result it came off too sweet and a little bland. The wedding cake was too artificially almondy and way over-sweet. All the slices were beautifully prepared but had a white icing on the back that everyone found to be too sweet and texturally too firm. The buttercream was perfect, though, and the cake was beautifully moist. Clearly the skill was there and there were very high notes; we strongly recommend Bakery Bar but hope they tweak the standard cakes a bit.Home of the doberge rainbow cakes! It was so yummy, the rainbow one tasted like almond cake to me. And my daughter got the red velvet, which she thought was two thumbs up ! I personally enjoyed the rainbow doberge cake more than the red velvet. I will have to say that I didn't like the putter icing layer of the cake though. I don't know what it is but I didn't like it, other than that it was a delicious treat. 
The place is small but it's good for a quick stop to grab coffee or a bite! We were in there for like 15 minutes maybe? So we didn't spend too much time there.
Note: doberge cakes are $7 each!Holy cow this place is unbelievable! I had the breakfast board and my wife had the Brussels sprout salad. They were both fantastic! I also had a Bloody Mary which was delicious. For dessert we had a couple of the smaller cake items and they were SO good! I wish I was not so full after brunch so I could have had more cake. It all looked really good. Will definitely be coming back here.I saw a local ad for doberge king cake and was excited to try something traditional with a twist. It's kind of ducked off on Annunciation, but definitely worth the visit. The doberge king cake was delightful! It wasn't too sweet and the cake was light and airy. It just tasted more like a spice cake rather than a cinnamon cake. The icing between the layers was more so whipped, which I'm not a fan of, but it worked with this cake. I also tried a king cake salty ball, but I wasn't a fan. I will definitely return to try other flavors.Nice people, cool vibe, tasty food!  I only got to stay for a quick snack, but it was really one of my most enjoyable stops in the Big Easy.  I had the delicious deviled eggs and a pistachio cherry cookie, and I would eat them again right now if you offered, even though I am full.Absolutely wonderful!!! The atmosphere was warm and inviting and the rainbow cake was yummy without being overly sweet. The salty balls were definitely salty, but in a pleasant way, particularly the almond one. I thoroughly enjoyed my cup of mint tea while playing Uno, one of the many board games provided in house. The cheese board was also good and provided enough food for three people snacking. I look forward to going back!I have to say that if baby angels made cakes and pastries this is what it would taste like.
So, the first time I went was with a friend one late night we wanted wine and to whine about our problems (ahh see what I did there). So what's better than a nice Chard? A nice glass of Chard with some Rainbow Doberge cake! So full disclosure, this cake is not something you want to be around when you're on a diet or you are trying to live a healthy lifestyle. The rainbow doberge ALONE speaks to you whispers in your ear if that guy doesn't like you the way you are then you don't need him. If those jeans don't fit, that's why they have bigger sizes; eat me you'll feel better. I kid you not it's some real Harry Potter type stuff, but in the end all I can tell you is yes it's worth every gram of sugar and carb. 
The atmosphere is real cool, they say kiddos are welcome but even though it's a bakery it's still a bar. I wanna drink my wine and not hear someone's kids screaming in the background. Sorry but not... so you should go and drink and eat and be merry!This place should be packed. They marry NOLA traditions with modern day gourmet approaches. We had the pimento cheese sandwich and the shrimp and grits. Wow. Portions are on the small side but not bad for the moderate price and top quality. A winner.Cool spot. Unique. The cake we had to be honest was prettier than it tasted. Don't get me wrong. It was good but not really sweet inside. I may need to try another one because I now see in the reviews i should have tried the "salty balls". I will come back again and recommend but the cake was just "ok".Very disappointed. We have come here before and we're very impressed with service and food but tonight, there was no food on the menu and the staff was extremely rudwThe best desserts in town! $3 martinis during happy hour? Need I say more?! Ok, I will...THE SALTY BALLS THO.Bakery Bar is a cute hipster bakery and bar. I didn't drink anything, but had a slice of their rainbow almond wedding cake and chocolate chip cookie. The cake was delicious and moist. The frosting was a tad too sweet.
It's a nice place to hang out with friends, away from the craziness of the French Quarter and all of the tourists. They have board games! The staff were really friendly. Street parking was easy to find.This was one place open late on a Sunday in our (adopted) neighborhood. By the time we got there, the kitchen was closed, but the bakery case was open! We got a slice of the mint/chocolate doberge cake - so delicious! Our waiter also scrounged up two cups of herbal tea for us, which we appreciated. They have a whole rack of board games, and we tried the board game version of Oregon Trail - we died fairly quickly of dysentery. Great find!Was in search of a midday sweet break. Low and behold, Bakery Bar was a short walk away from me. Based on you guys' pictures and reviews, I noticed that they have a rolling assortment of Doberge cakes served daily. I immediately called and inquired about the cakes being served today. Not sure if this is for every Friday, but today they had, Rainbow (almond) red velvet, pistachio, peanut and banana, and strawberry shortcake with goat cheese. 
Once I arrived, I could't decide between red velvet and the rainbow. The server was very sweet and kind in offering suggestions, and in the end I decided on the rainbow. But, I also got a salted caramel Dobite. 
Both desserts were very sweet with a semi thick layer of some form of sugar fondant on top. The Dobite reminded me of a petit four. I am always a strong proponent of me never sharing my dessert (or food) but I must admit that the cake slice was so rich and sweet that I could not finish it by myself in one sitting. 
Shame on me for not knowing what a Doberge was and that it originated in New Orleans!
Bakery Bar definitely does right by a Doberge, thank goodness you don't have to settle for a slice, they offer whole cakes!!Love the ambiance here! This wasn't apart of our original plan for the day but we wanted to go to a great dessert spot. Drinks were tasty (helped that we went during Happy Hour). The Brussels sprouts were amazing and the shrimp dip the same! 
We also enjoyed the cake and dobites. While we went for the cake it was good but not as amazing as the appetizers that we had. Chill spot and would definitely return.I love this place! The doberge is the best and the assortment of flavors always exceeds my expectations. The salty balls are a good balance of salted and sweet. The cakes are so moist I could go on and on.The customers is always great which is a plus. Don't sleep on this place!Bakery Bar is a true diamond in the rough. Nestled between the interstate off ramp downtown and some warehouse buildings is the delightfully cozy bar room that specializes in cocktails and desserts! Co-owned by Debbie Does Doberge a dessert case features classic flavors of traditional doberge cakes as well as doberge bites so you can sample various flavors without filling up on one slice!
The cocktail list is outstanding. I've tried a variety of featured cocktails and each one has been carefully designed to include fresh ingredients, careful mixing and tons of love. A fantastic cocktail is balanced, nuanced and intriguing and everything I've tried here hits those marks.
The interior highlights the original charm of the building--exposed brick and unfinished timber supports. Light blue accent paint and a vintage vibe supported by its cubbies full of books round out the space. I feel like I'm in my friends retro living room, observing the family photos over the mock fireplace and curling around a good book instead of my smartphone. 
Lastly, incredible customer service! My favorite bartender is Joe, who greets everyone with a "Welcome!", shares his super chill or poppin' musical playlists, executes each drink with care and expertise and makes each guest feel as though they are "part of the fold." That's the epitome of New Orleans hospitality!Omg!!! Such a cool spot. Looks like everything around it is being gentrified. That street corner will be awesome! Their cakes are delicious. Just enough sweet but not too rich. Bar tender/waiter/bakery expert was cool and friendly. Great look the whole space!Had the best waiter...don't remember his name but he had on a sweet Ricky Martin shirt and the best attitude. Gave us recommendations for fun places to go and accommodated a big table of us while being in the best mood. Made us all laugh and served us great brunch! He even gave the bride to be a pedialyte because she needed a little extra hydration that morning :) Chill place, yummy food. I had the breakfast for brunch sandwich and it was gone in two seconds. Wish I could have gone there at night for wine and cake!If I could marry a bakery, it would be this one.... this. was. perfect! Quick tidbit/clarification: The Bakery Bar & Debbie Does Doberge are the same so there's a mystery solved quickly - you're welcome. ;-)  Upon entering, the chill bartender/attendant asks what I'd like .... after a bit of hemming & hawing, with zero pretense of anything other than me being me, even explaining the day was my birthday as a half excuse, I got oodles of options.... he had a smile for my eclectic & varied choices, then led my yummies, me & a big ol' glass of cold milk to a nice hidey-hole to enjoy my yum-yums, people-watching & book to read. 
Everyone in the world should enjoy a good doberge cake - but please do yourself a favor & do so HERE! The creme brûlée doberge cake is life-changing & I'm drooling writing about it almost 2 months later! There's a chocolate mint doberge bite that is an even better, more moist version of a Girl Scout thin mint cookie. 
To make this delightful birthday treat-to-me even better & more memorable? As I went to pay my bill & wait for my Uber, the bartender cool cat starts singing the "doo-do-do-doo - you say it's your birthday?" song, having everyone there join in & presenting me with a glass of champagne..... again: wanna marry this place!We were very lucky to snag some seats at the bar on a busy Saturday night. Service was fast and attentive. They have several selections on doberge bite size cake called dobites. It is great place for groups (they have board games) or if venturing out alone (there are several books on the shelves). Why wouldn't you want a craft cocktail with doberge cake?!I had my first trip to Bakery Bar Saturday night with a group of friends. We came for some sweets after a long day of drinking and celebrating a bachelorette. It's a great, easy to find space. Lucky for us, there were lots of tables to accommodate our group, even when more friends arrived later. We got the king cake (get this while you can), rainbow surprise wedding, funfetti and smores doberge cakes. All were delicious, but the king cake was the best. I had a taste of a friend's cold brew martini and it was also very good. I can't wait to go back~My boyfriend and I went today and it was amazing. We order 3 petit fours and a chocolate ball; all were amazing. I ordered a mule cart to drink and my boyfriend ordered a margarita. Both drinks were awesome. What was even better was the service! Our bartender, Kylie, was the greatest of all time (the goat)! I will definitely be back!Had the rainbow and maple blueberry cake. And OMG, they were both delicious!! The rainbow cake was an almond flavored cake and the blueberry cake literally tasted like a blueberry donut. Was definitely worth the mile walk from our hotel! The bartender (Asian girl) was very sweet and bubbly as well, kudos to her! The vibe felt welcoming and chill. We didn't stay to enjoy our cake but there were board games for entertainment.Delicious customer service, tasty libations, positive vibes and beautiful cakes! Tried my first sazerac! Will not be my last! Shrimp dip - get that! Omg..get that! Will return soon..maybe today.4/5 let them eat gay cake!!
i don't know what occasion you bring out the doberge, but for me it's fair game on any day of the week ending in -day. i really should come to this little spot more often, it's a splurge for dessert and a drink but self care means the carbs don't count ;)
the space itself is cute. it's cozy and adequately lit for just the right mood.grab a couple salty balls, maybe a nice house cocktail or rose, and see what they have playing on the screen. which is always something cool (and weird?)! the staff are super friendly, and make you want to be there. i literally have sat at the bar and ordered the above and read a book. and they are super chill about it and didn't try to push me on ordering further or anything. if you choose to sit a the tables, which cute, they come to you and you can order from your seats. they also have other desserts on their formal menu, but i mean, why wouldn't you get a cake from the glowing coldcase?
so if you're feeling bad, give them a call and see if they have the rainbow wedding cake. or the pistachio. or the peach. or the lemon. or any flavor really. sidle up and enjoy.I had a bite of the blueberry maple bacon cake and it tasted like the most perfect blueberry pancakes with a pop tart on top. Yum. I don't know what magic they work to make all the layers. Voodoo? I couldn't decide so I had a couple of the small dobites: s'mores and king cake. Both were so yummy. I will say everything is quite sweet so you may not want anything huge. Pairs well with coffee.Yes, yes and yes. Cocktails an cake seriously cannot be beat. The staff was so sweet, the space is adorable, and everything was delicious. They also gave out free warm cookies right before closing. With milk, of course.This is such a cute little place.. Desserts....board games.. Coffee and wine.. U got me!! The Debbie Dobege is AMAZING!!!!!!!I'm so sad that the dough bites have changed!  Was looking forward to going to grab a dozen almond bites to take back to Seattle.  When we got there, there weren't any almond, and they changed the shape to square.  Sad!Cute idea - not very impressed by the application.
They have some of your favorite cake flavors (red velvet, carrot) in doberge form - multiple layers alternating cake and icing.
Curiously, they didn't have my standard favorite: chocolate (only Chocolate raspberry - huh?). Other than that, I found the selection for smaller treats to be very limited 
$7 for a slice of cake was a little much - considering it had been refrigerated for atleast a day. I can't say the word fresh came to mind.
I think I'll stick to a more typical bakery next time. 
Maybe if I was drunk I would've enjoyed it more?Very friendly staff in a small and casual setting that is not too crowded. The baked goods are great and the drink selection is very diverse so there is something for everyone. 
The tables are good for conversing, and it's not too loud at any point. There are games to play at the table. Also AC is on, which is important in the summer.A Bakery in a Bar!?!  Yes, my fellow imbibers, it is, and it is spectacular! 
With a corner location and a well lit bakery case you learn all over again how well Chardonnay pairs with icing. Handcrafted cocktails are perfectly executed through a well choreographed ritual by very cool bartenders and are stars with the beignets. 
Give yourself plenty of time here and don't for get to order your Doberge cake in time to pick it up for your holiday!A bar that serves desserts and sweet craft cocktails? Count me in! Backers Bar came up as "hot and new" on Yelp and I knew I had to check it out!  They had an assortment of sweets to choose from like raspberry chocolate cake, wedding cake and chocolate cookies. To accompany your dessert there were a variety of crackly cocktails to choose from. It was hard to settle on just one. I loved the ambience of this bar. It seemed very old school. It was dimly lit with dark wood. I loved the book shelf in the bar too. Made me feel like I could go out for dessert and a drink by myself if I wanted to!The breakfast we had there was outstanding! The cakes were great too. Nice servers. Overall great experience and def a new quiet place to try. 
Also, bring in a book you don't want anymore, not a textbook, and get a free drink. They have about 100 books and board games to try. They also said free milk and cookies at midnight...Cozy! 
We came in for a nightcap. We'd heard great things about the desserts and from the Yelp photos I knew we needed to crush some doberge here. From the reviews, it seemed as though people dug the cocktails too. 
We ordered the Sirocco - bourbon, crème de noyaux, Cynar, celery bitters, lemon - and their IPA we hadn't heard of. It didn't taste much like IPA but it was still pretty good. The sirocco was tasty but I'd probably go with the La Louisiane or the Hot Toddy next time. If you really enjoy whiskey sour the sirocco will be up your alley. 
The main draw obviously was the desserts which we loved. We ordered the rainbow  doberge slice ($7), the s'mores dobite ($3) and a chocolate salty ball ($1.50). We had no standout favorite because they were all so delicious. 
I also appreciate the later hours for coming by for dessert. Very cool. I noticed the shelves of books and the menu looked pretty good as well. I can imagine curling up with a book and doberge there in the near future!Awesome place! The desserts were delicious and i love the addition of the board games. 
Possibly add a coffee bar or atleast more coffee optionsPleasantly surprised. Nice place, good drinks at a reasonable price. I would go back.Amazing. It's everything I wished for in a bar- cool people, great cocktails, incredible desserts, and CATAN. Go there now!What a great find tonight. Stumbled upon this place doing a Yelp search for desserts while dining in the Warehouse district. 
Cocktails professionally made, Great choices of desserts picked from the dessert case. Only open for 3 weeks and we are happy we found it!  Awesome decor. Nice bar. Hooks for the ladies purses under the bar. Nice touch guys.  If I ever come back to NOLA I will return!Such a fun concept and great late night idea! Delicious dessert and drinks. I got the red velvet cake and an irish coffee. My wife had cookies and white russian. Just good stuff and I highly recommend! Fun place.Rate hey super yummy and love love love their fried pies do yourself a favor if you feel like a walk and walk over from the World War II museum cute Cute place have a drink and a piece a cake yummyDelicious. Fabulous. Wonderful. Best cake I have EVER had. Nothing compares to this heavenly slice.Fantastic! This is the place to enjoy a soul-soothing craft cocktail and maybe a super delicious slice of cake. The staff members are friendly, knowledgeable and passionate about their work. Menu is seasonal. They might even let your well-behaved 4.5 year old sit at the bar and eat a slice of cake.We were on vacation and I saw this place on Yelp and had to check it out . It was literally tucked in the middle of nowhere it looks kind of sketchy in the neighborhood but as soon as you walk in you fall in love with the quaint feel of the resteraunt the staff was very warm and welcoming and offered suggestions on what to try since we were knew they had board games for us to play and old books I fell in love with this quaint place. Ok let's talk about the cakes I had the Elvis doberge salty balls in Dark chocolate and the red velvet truffle my sis in law had the rainbow cake which really is just almond flavoring all over it was ok at first a different taste I wasn't used to and then it got better as we kept eating it I wish I had gotten the Elvis doberge cake which had bacon and sweet potatoe because the Elvis balls were sooo good great way to get a sample before you get a cakeSuch a sweet setup. Bakery bar is great midday on a Saturday. Order a slice of doberge cake, play monopoly and drink an adult cocktail of your choice. Guaranteed to not disappoint!