I am so glad that Bayou Bar is back!!
This is my type of place: a nice cocktail bar where you can enjoy a good vibe and listen to good music. We were here on Saturday night and the place was jumping! This is a perfect date spot because it had a really romantic "old school" vibe. On the night we were here there was a gentleman on the piano playing requests (a lot of Elvis, Sinatra and other classics like that). Being in this bar is like stepping back in time- I was all dressed up and I felt like I was in a music bar in the 50's. It was perfect.Spent $70 for two beers, two seafood gumbo's and a glass of Riesling. Not the drinks that make it 1 star, but the seafood gumbo that was $12 a pop. Had it been filled with Seafood, well the price would be worth it! However, I had one shrimp, rue and rice. My wife didn't even get a shrimp in her Gumbo. Gumbo house Gumbo is half the price, 10 times better and has meat in it. Our service was outstanding, loved the venue, but to spend $24 on rice and rue with a shrimp to split between us really rubbed me wrong!Love this Bar! and the hotel it's located in.  Bartender is super friendly and makes fabulous drinks.  He made me a drink that was off the menu with Blantons. All of the food I tried was fantastic and great for sharing.  Decor is my favorite thing about this bar/hotel.  Stop by Bayou Bar for a snack and drink and head up to the roof top bar after for the best views of the city.This is a really cozy spot on St. Charles! I ate her last night with a group of 6 and we had no trouble getting a table. The fried chicken sliders were amazing! The rotel and cracklins were also really good. Check this place out if you are on St. Charles.The ambience is fresh but rustic. I sat at the bar and ordered off the bar menu: loaded fries, grilled cheese, wings. 
Loaded fries: the cheese is delish, pickled peppers are a mice touch but they are actually loaded wedges or breakfast potatoes not fries. 
Grilled cheese: Pass. There is "truffle" in the description and that's a pretty strong flavor. If I see truffle I want to taste truffle and it was no where to be found. 
Wings: if you like a sweeter dry rub you'll like the wings. I was a fan. 
Staff was "fine". The female bartender was very attentive and focused. The male bartender was pretty rude to a harmless Irish tourist. I heard him ask about a specific wine and the male bartender said something like "price doesn't make good wine, good wine makes good wine." It was just kinda prickly and didn't match the clearly enthusiastic, sweet tourist who just wanted to chat wine. We ended up talking to him instead and he was lovely! 
If we go back it will be for the rooftop, not for the food or service downstairs.Really good and the manager was very nice helping out with the Mardi Gras crowd. We had the Cure burger and the gumbo. Both really good. Interesting cocktails as well. We will come back.If you want to see true New Orleans magic come watch Phil on a Friday night.. This place is the best place in the city!!Perfect for a cozy dinner with friends or your lover. Darkly lit, attentive service, piano singer on the weekends and best yet ... all the food is prepared in the same kitchen as John Besh's Caribbean Room.  The oysters were the best we've ever had, the chicken sliders with fried jalapeños finger-licking good, and my petit Mignon with steak frites was straight out of a Parisian Bistro. My only regret is not leaving room for a slice of their famous Mile-High pie.
Take the St. Charles Avenue trolley from wherever you may be. Imagine Frank Sinatra crooning at the piano, order a drink, step back in time, and enjoy an evening out like our grandparents would have done. This joint is hip to the hop, y'all.  It hit all the right notes.Came here for my sisters birthday and had a wonderful time!
They say that we went they had a whiskey tasting and also a whiskey happy hour. Cocktails were $6 and the tasting was free!
The whole family ordered cocktails and burgers. Boy is that burger messy but so delicious!! The flavors of the meat and toppings melded together perfectly.
Now the whole reason why we came here was to get the mule high pie. I didn't realize that this pie is Neapolitan  ice cream with meringue one top that is drizzled with chocolate and mint chips. The staff ever wrote "happy birthday" on the plate for my sister.
I would come here again and eat the burger and mile high pie in a heartbeat.Had a great time! Here visiting for Valentine's with my wife, was within walking distance from our hotel. I'm an Old Fashioned lover, tried their Chocolate Old Fashioned. Excellent blend of flavors, well-mixed. Service was excellent, but just got drinks. Piano player/singer fun provided just the right atmosphere. Will probably come again when we're in town.Slow. Slow. Slow. We came in based off reviews on Yelp. It was 11 am, no other customers. Our server came right up to ask us for drinks. It was super cold and I asked for a hot drink with something fun in it, she said let me check with the bartender. I heard her ask and then they gave her a hard time with recommendations. She never came back with suggestions on what we could order for drinks. Then she disappeared for at least 15 min. No one came over during that time. We were just about to leave when finally the bartender came out to ask us what we wanted. Really?! We already told the girl and you were the one giving her lip. It was so cold outside and we really wanted to warm up so we just ordered two coffees and a shot of Kailua, $17!? Another 10 min later our drinks came. We wanted to eat but after how long the drinks took we decided coffee was it. Unbelievable poor service. We're on our way to K-Paul's for lunch instead. Management should be ashamed of that kind of service.I am only giving it 3 for the drinks. Food was bland. We had to re-salt and pepper to add flavor- never a good sign. I ordered the Cobb salad. Maybe a teaspoon of meet. It touted cheese but I didn't see it or taste it. Small heirloom tomatoes were a nice touch. The dressing stated it was a ranch, but it must have been a watered down version.Best bar ever !!! Dana was amazing!!!! Little Georgie  and Dr oyster ......You guys rock !!!!Bayou Bar really nailed the Bayou vibes. Def feels like you're in a chic swamp shack. The bartenders do a great job with the cocktails - every single one is prepared carefully and with super fresh ingredients. Was there last night and watched a bartender delicately stuffing olives with blue cheese, which was entertaining and educational (I had never thought about how blue cheese got into olives). But anyway, a great bar to sit and chat with a friend, or take your drink on an elevator ride up to the rooftop bar for some fab views.We stayed at the Pontchartrain hotel and we had dinner at Bayou Bar our first evening in New Orleans.  Our server was super attentive and friendly.  We ordered salads and cocktails.  The food was decent, but the drinks were fantastic and generous.  
Having this space within the hotel was a wonderful surprise and added tremendously to our experience in New Orleans.  Folks were nice and we didn't experience issues with staff or patrons.  St. Charles is a pretty great street.  Easy to catch ubers or cabs.  Valet attendants were very helpful as well.We were looking for a casual meal, close to our hotel. Bayou Bar delivered big time! The burger was one of THE BEST I've ever had! It was incredibly tasty and juicy. We were in during an off time and practically had the place to ourselves. The service staff was friendly and attentive. The specialty cocktails were also on point. I had the Wallbanger. We finished with a beautifully plated Blueberry Muffin Bread Pudding. It was almost too pretty to eat. But, one bite in we knew we had to finish it! We devoured it! It was AMAZING!!! Will definitely return, maybe even tonight!During our stay in New Orleans, we ate here twice out of convenience. The food was 4/5 but the service speed was very slow. Don't come here if you are in a rush.Excellent sandwiches, but incorrectly categorized by Yelp as having pizza. They don't. Nice sports bar atmosphere situated in a nice hotel.I would give it a 3.5 if yelp would let me. Only had a beer and the gumbo. Gumbo was delicious and came with a side of homemade spicy potato salad. Service was great, but we were the only people in there lol. Felt more hipster vibe. $12 for gumbo in a city where that's the staple, and can get equal quality for much cheaper.We went to the re-opened Pontchartrain Hotel and tried the Bayou Bar for a light lunch. What a disappointment! The menu was sparse - only a couple of appetizers, some small sandwiches, etc. We both opted for the shrimp remoulade croissant. It came with fries that were a bit overcooked and too salty, but the croissants were stale (obviously day old) and the remoulade sauce was thin. With two small bottles of sparkling water, the bill was just over $44. We also tried a blueberry muffin from the Silver Whistle - a pale imitation of the time honored original. This place has a ways to go before it's ready for prime time.We arrived in New Orleans and checked into our time share. It was so convenient to walk next door to the Bayou Bar. It was nice and cozy. Since it was almost Halloween, several people walked in with amazing Halloween costumes. We took pix with some of them. The Bayou Bar is a popular meeting place. We ordered appetizers as we were going to Bourbon Street and agreed to eat there. Prices were ok. Service was fine. Food was good ... acceptable. Street parking.Ate at the bar and both of us had the burger and fries. One of the best burgers I've ever had and maybe the best fries I've EVER had! Got our food fast during Friday night happy hour! Our bartenders were very entertaining as well!I'm not f$$ckin around when I tell you the fried chicken is amazing. The Zoolander sized grilled cheese is great too. Now on the weekly rotation.Best Bartender hands down. Lindsey made us the best drinks and was super helpful with tips and tricks for the area. The entire staff was super helpful and up beat. The chefs accommodated our vegan needs and the dish was AMAZING.Very cute -- the piano man is great! I hear he played in the original Bayou Bar (it just re-opened again only very recently). He played and sang some oldies, but also improvised some newer pieces... including one about "making America great again"  It was good for laughs.
My drink and burger were tops. I had:
- Doriginac 75 (cognac or gin, raspberry syrup, lemon, cava): Sweet but also light and bubbly because of the champagne. A good girls' drink.
- 1&1 Burger (bone marrow, hickory sauce, benton's bacon): What a burger. So much flavor and mine was perfectly cooked to order at medium rare. It was a lot though so I didn't quite finish.The service was mediocre and inattentive even though there were only two customers (that should have been a clue right there). I ordered an Absolut martini, straight up with a twist. The server brought it with two olives and it was not served in a martini glass - some kind of wine or port glass. We ordered jambalaya to eat. The hostess raved about how good it was and was full of okra. It was served to us lukewarm and consisted mainly of a runny gravy. There was not a trace of okra and no meat except for three medium shrimp. Each bowl had a small dollop of rice in the middle that tasted like Uncle Ben's instant. What - are they rationing rice? Yuk.I come here a lot it's a bar below the Ponchatrain hotel the cocktails are creative and wonderful selection of bourbon and the food is also the same for that served in the restaurant that's also in the building I've been there twice now and they've actually done bourbon tasting's with the a local distributor
See you next monthThe drinks were spot on. Shrimp sliders, fried oysters and gumbo were outstanding. Service was a bit slow, but it was NYE, and they were very busy, so it was understandable. Great looks live entertainment too!Daniel is the BOMB.COM and the Cosmo-not is the best Cosmo hybrid I've ever had! 
Will defiantly be back. Love you Daniel!Small bar that appears unchanged since the new ownership took control of the Pontchartrain Hotel. Too many tables packed too closely together make for a loud and uncomfortable environment. I get the nostalgia--several people had ordered the Mile High Pie which was served with a flourish and it appeared spectacular. I don't know, personally, because we did not stick around for dessert. I was feeling peckish and ordered what I believed would be served quickly, the gumbo. It was served promptly, but was underwhelming "tourist" gumbo. Overly thick and under-seasoned, a very small portion at that, saved from one star by a couple of large shrimp and oysters. The craft cocktail menu looked interesting, and I had a rum-rye-orange concoction of which the fancy name ("Bayou" something) I cannot recall, that was well executed. The Duck Fat Sazerac (there's some sort of infusion) had a flavor that you could tell was "something" but not necessarily something to order again. Food prices were high and cocktail prices about normal for a craft-cocktail place. I really wanted to head up to the Hot Tin Roof bar but, alas, the Friday evening crowd meant there was a twenty minute wait for the elevator. That was at 7:15 or so and I'd hate to see the line later on.Great food...we had the fried chicken sandwich $14 and seafood gumbo $12 and it was really yummy.  The drinks kind of pricey, but it is a hotel bar and restaurant.  Our server was rally attentive, but was little scattered when it came to combinding orders as there was three seperate checksUnexpected gem! We were staying in the hotel and decided to grab a quick bite before heading to the rooftop bar. This is elevated bar food! I shared the wings- which are 4 double wings, smoked, rubbed, then fried, with white bbq sauce on the side. This was ridiculously delicious. The wings were so meaty, the seasoning was delicious, and the bbq sauce was fabulous. Had some homemade fries with sriracha aioli- perfectly crispy, light, and the dip was great. Also had the mushroom grilled cheese. It is absolutely delicious, with high quality cheese and shrooms- however, it is beyond tiny (they should maybe call it something more accurate like a "grilled cheese bite" ....). I had a duck fat sazerac to wash it down. Not sure the duck fat was a necessary component ... but it was still delicious. The service was consistently kind and it was a chilled out place to hang. It was a little hot in restaurant, but, maybe that was because I was stuffing my face with tons of fried food. Overall, a fab experience and wish I would have tried more!Great menu. Killer burger. Split one with my wife and it was still big. Marrow butter made for a fantastic taste. Loud bar so talking was tortuous. A fun night overall.The food was so good.  We got the steak frites and the mushroom grilled cheese. The ruby slipper drink was good as well. Great service!GREAT burger and excellent shrimp and okra gumbo. Interesting and delicious cocktails. We had the Absolution which was very light and refreshing. Then we had the Duck Fat Sazerac and the Bubbles and Butter. Both taste exactly as described on the menu and were delicious.I have to say I was shocked to pay 14 dollars for lettuce. The portions were also very small for the price. Not worth it.Went on a Friday night as we waited until we could head upstairs to Hot Tin. Right space but nice. Much like a lobby bar. I had some beef ribs while waiting and they were pretty tasty. Had a glaze that was super tasty. Meat was tender but it kinda fatty. Pretty good wine selection, I had a rosé. I'll probably be back.Good chicken sliders and fish tacos. All the dipping sauces were delicious!
Good cocktails
Wait staff was friendly, has cool decor!I'm giving this place FIVE stars. I asked for the original Marinti: the Martinez. Not only was it made right, but I finally understood why it has been a hit and miss everywhere else. These guys know what they're doing! Geoff, Colby, Brooks.  Thanks! Smart,fun and expert/ craftsmen.Great service! Awesome happy hour. Whisky sour is traditional and amazing! The music setup on weekends are great! Definitely stop by for a drink, their cocktail menu is phenomenal.Dined at Jack Rose and luckily heard excellent Jazz music coming from the bar. After dinner we then experienced the Paul Harris Trio here on Wednesday night. What an  excellent jazz group. Plus whiskey specials. I only wished that the Jack Rose restaurant piped in the bar music versus the tired seventies music that was played.Loved the Bayou Bar.  Its a super cozy/romantic bar thats serves good drinks in a dark cool atmosphere! Inside the Ponchatrain hotel.  Loved every bit of our stay here!This is my favorite bar in New Orleans. The bartenders are nice and boy can they pour some amazing drinks . My favorite night to go is Wednesday because it's whiskey Wednesday's!!! $5 signature whiskey drinks , there is a band some nights and usually on Wednesday there is a whiskey tasting that is FREE from 6-8pm. I can't say enough great things about this bar, please check them out ! They are located next to Jack Rose restaurant and Ponchartrain Hotel.If you are ever in the Garden District and find yourself by the trolley stop on St Charles and Josephine Street you must stop in this bar.  
We started there for a late lunch snack and ended up coming back for dinner at the bar.
We went into the front door of the Pontchartrain Hotel which, while I mention it looks like a fabulous place to stay.  The bar is off to the right after you enter from the street.  It was open seating and  we were able to find a table quite easily.  We were greeted by a super friendly waitress.  She took our drink order and was quick about getting them to us.  We ordered the steak frites.  Now maybe we didn't read exactly what we were about to eat but it looked good.  It was amazing!!!!  The steak was so tender you didnt need a knife to cut it.  The potatoes were perfectly seasoned and then the best part...there is a fried egg draped ever so nicely on top of the potatoes.  It was by far the best thing I had in New Orleans.
I said we ended up going back for dinner.  The gumbo was awesome and the burger was quite delicious and huge.  
The best part of the night was that there was live music..just a woman  singing great jazz while playing the piano.  And she waited to start playing until after the football game..  that was just a classy move.  
5 stars!!!!!!  This was probably the best part of my New Orleans tripThe Fried Mozzarella was delicious, not like your typical sticks, but fresh! The burger also was so good and cooked to perfection. Probably one of the better burgers I've had in Nola. Not sure if they were low on staff but only had one server running all the tables, so that made service slow. Overall I had a great first food experience at Bayou Bar.We are so happy that we stayed at the Pontchartrain for our first NOLA experience. What made it even better was this bar. We thoroughly enjoyed the delicious appetizers (CHICKEN WINGS, boudin chimichangas, mushroom grilled cheese...the burgerrr!!). We also had amazing service from the bartenders (Colby and Brooks especially) so it was just 5/5 stars all around. We visited every night of our stay and would def recommend this spot to our fam+friends.Unique hand crafted cocktails, delicious food and beautiful architecture!!  A favorite stop in Big EasyLove this place! Tried some food and it was amazing. Highly recommended place to hang out, meet new people, have some drinks and grab some snacks!I've found myself in Bayou Bar on a handful of occasions, and think it's a wonderful little spot to grab a bite and enjoy some live music later in the week!  
Some history behind Bayou Bar...!n 1966, the current NFL commissioner proclaimed, "Professional football has voted a franchise to the state of Louisiana and the city of New Orleans..." Thus the New Orleans Saints came into being, and the deal was signed at...you guessed it, Bayou Bar. So if you're into Saints history, maybe that is reason enough for you to grab a cold one there. 
What I do love is that the firm (AJ Capital Partners) and Besh Restaurant Group did little to change the appearance of Bayou Bar keeping the rich wood and beautiful murals, and Phil Melancon who tickled the ivories back in the day is back every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday starting at 8pm. It's cozier and cleaner than a trip to the French Quarter, and the food is much better as well. 
I've been here for a night of revelry and a packed house with song requests written on napkins and guest songbirds to sit alongside Phil. The crowd from my past experience has been older, but age is really only an opinion when you're having a good time in New Orleans. 
I've also been on slower evenings for a bite (or half the menu). I like to try a little bit of everything and have really enjoyed the Fried Chicken Sliders (3 to an order) and Crispy Fish Tacos!
I think their prices are fair for the quantity and quality you're getting, and they've got a pretty good Bloody as well! Service has been great the times I've been there. Know that the house can get pretty packed though on a Friday night. 
Great place to go with a date or a few friends later in the week and then if you're looking for a view, definitely head up to the Hot Tin Roof!St Charles street car to the Pontchartrain Hotel.  Head up to Hot Tin for the sunset, then a snack at Bayou Bar cause everyone told us upstairs doesn't serve food.  
Ordered the Brie & Crab egg rolls... sounded good but I think cream cheese would enhance the crab a bit more... ordered the fried oysters over the bacon jam under it.  Not a fan & it does nothing for the fried oyster.  Order fries to be safe, but it came w/ two sauces that tasted like lard.  Ketchup please.  
Service was ok, the ambience is cute & I really like the decor.  Maybe we should've tried dinner instead of wasting calories on three unsuccessful app's.Every once in awhile you venture out of your standbys and regular spots and go somewhere new. Sometimes it's a reason to stick to what you know, and others like on this night, you're blown away and reminded what an awesome city you live in. I went with my neighbors as they had some visiting friends in town and were staying here. They asked we meet them in the lobby bar for drinks before venturing up to the rooftop bar. 
This little spot was ROCKIN' out to the croonings of a kick-butt piano player and vocalist, the cocktails were flowing, and the laughs were bouncing all around. The decor was dank, with exposed timber beams, agriculture inspired relief paintings and dark wooden tables. The bar itself was stocked to the gills with bottles and bitters and tinctures of things I've never heard of and the sleeves were pulled up on the bartenders as they shook, and stirred and crafted all night long. 
The only drawback to a flawless evening was the three different cocktail menus. When I went to order my second drink, I didn't see it on the list I was given, but recall some of the ingredients. The server brought me a second menu that had food on it, but it wasn't on that one either. I knew I wasn't making this up. When I was given a third, and final menu--I found the drink I had seen the first time around but was told it was unavailable. My only suggestion is that they pull all the menus and do an audit so there is consistency to their offerings.
Overall, a fantastic spot for surprises and laughter! I would definitely bring my next round of out of town guests here!We came here on a whim since we were hungry, it was late, and we didn't want to venture out all the way to the French quarter to find some food. I'm so glad we found this place. It's inside a hotel and has a great atmosphere. I wish I could've snapped a picture of our food but we inhaled it so fast I didn't have the chance. Don't underestimate this place. My mom had the daily special (Monday) which was red beans and rice with pork tips and wow it was amazing. So good and hearty. I was so glad she got full so I could finish her plate! I had the Creole Cuban sandwich with fries and it was DELICIOUS! My 5 year old had spaghetti and meatballs and really enjoyed it as well. We left full and happy. Service was quick, staff was very friendly, and we had a great dining experience here. I think they have live music here some days as well.This was a total miss for us. The waitress was disengaged and absent minded. The environment was dark and the food selection was not impressive. We ended up asking for the jack rose menu and ordered a couple apps but they didn't blow our minds. We moved on after a drink. If I were staying at this hotel I could see hanging out here but it's not a destination for me.Their happy hour is seriously the best kept secret in New Orleans! We ordered pretty much one of everything on the happy menu. We were absolutely delighted at how delicious every item was. With drinks and desert I think we walked out of their for under $40! Amazing! This will be a regular stop in NOLA for us.Had dinner here on a low key Thursday night: rotel dip & cracklin's, 1&1 burger with bone marrow, and the fries...all amazing! My favorite part about a place like this is you can either come casual or dressed up. The servers were tentative and friendly and the piano man was awesome! Next time, I want dessert! :)Stumbled on this place because it was close by and we were looking for a quick bite to eat. What a hidden gem and our waitress was phenomenal! We ordered gumbo, 1 on 1 burger (bone marrow with bacon), and pork tacos and to top it all off, the mile high pie. 
The burger was huge and shareable. The fries were crispy too (always a plus!). Everyone finished their plate so I'm assuming the gumbo and tacos were also as good. The famous mile high pie was orgasmic. The layers complimented each other and the peppermint wasn't too potent. The only thing is we could've done with a little less marshmallow on top. 
On top of that, they have a separate room with a painting of lil wayne eating mile high pie. Then the waitress sold on on their rooftop bar with the best view in town. It was a very quaint hotel overall and the bonus is the food and restaurant was also awesome.They have some decent sticky ribs and Cuban sandwich. The servers are a bit stretched so don't expect quick refills, but the atmosphere (though noisy) is pretty intimate. Bonus: live music.Came here last year for New Years after checking out the Hot Tin on the rooftop and the service and food couldn't have been better.  My lady and I posed up at the bar where Colby, Brooks, and Ricardo treated us like gold.  Andrew also took care of us when we were upstairs at the Hot Tin.  We will definitely be coming back to Pontchartrain Hotel to the Bayou Bar this year because of how well these guys treated us last year.  Brooks, Colby, and Ricardo were slinging some excellent custom made cocktails at the whim of our request.  We also had the burger which was FANTASTIC.  Live music tied it all together until the clock struck 12.  Closed the night out with shots of Clase Azul tequila for our wonderful hosts.  Can't thank you guys enough!  Hope to see you on New Years!Recently checked this place out and had a fun, relaxing time. It's beautiful, for starters. Love the dim cozy lighting and the murals that cover the walls. There was live jazz, as is often the case, and an all around inviting atmosphere. 
The cocktails are delightful. I tried something called the Endless Summer--a refreshing blend of coconut water and tequila, with cucumber and toasted coconut--with a glass of smooth pinot gris to wash it down. 
We tasted several dishes that night, and I confess I didn't get to try many of them in their entirety due to my own dietary issues (not much into meats, I'm afraid) but of what I saw and sampled, there are some very nice offerings. The Cubans come on herbed focaccia and the chicken sliders have the tastiest slaw.
Only thing I'd really like to see more of is veggie dishes. ;)Just arrived in New Orleans for Essence.
I needed a drink and this was the closest bar to the hotel.
Nice ambience and good drink selection.
They have a few signature cocktails that were good.
Staff very friendly. Quick service.
Not overpriced.
Definitely recommend.good jazz talent many nights it seems. wes warmdaddy anderson tonite--top shelf player really! apps are good, the gumbo was great and i was pleased they had gamay by the glass.Love this place! Tried some food and it was amazing. Highly recommended place to hang out, meet new people, have some drinks and grab some snacks. Came back for more! Tried the southern spread this time and yum!!! It was great!!We ended up here by accident - we were initially supposed to meet friends at the Hot Tin bar on the hotel roof, but it was packed with a really dreadful crowd of folks desperately needing to be seen and take selfies, and super claustrophobic and hot.  So we bailed and went downstairs to Bayou.  Very laid back vibe, polite service, and nice drink menu.  The Morrison Mule was excellent!  And you can actually hear yourself think, if you are into that sort of thing. ;)This was a stop as part of the bachelor party for my future brother in law. We decided to go New Orleans and it was a great choice. We stopped here and grabbed a drink here while we were waiting to get into Hot Tin, since there was about a 10 minute wait. The service was pretty good and the drinks were good. The atmosphere was very nice and if we weren't going upstairs it would have made a nice place to eat for the night.Pretty cute little place. Staff was friendly. Drinks were okay, but I should have probably looked more closely at the selection. Have a starter mean and appetizer here, head to the rooftop, then grab dinner in the back.Just got in town and to tired to head to the French Quarter so we stopped in here since it was close to our condo and we we're starving. Very good service! The place could use some new booth type seats they we're not to comfortable so just ate and left.
We had a burger and fries and it was very good! Just the right amount of meat to bun ratio and dressed nicely. Loved the shoe string fries and the dipping sauce was great, just the right amount of heat.
Lots of people having drinks and a good time!Lovely bar with deep dark colors and a beautiful bar.  Music is normally pretty good, though the other night it was really loud Bass  for such a small place.  It's my fav for a wind down drink and a snack or dessert if I chose brunch earlier as my main meal.stopped in for a drink and grabbed and appetizer of cracked crawl fish potatoes.  sorry for the picture it was so good we ate it all.The Bayou Bar is truly wonderful.  This is our second time staying at the Ponchatrain Hotel, and visiting this establishment daily (if not more than once a day) while there.  All the drinks are amazing; Bubbles and Butter is my favorite and something everyone should have at least once in their life.  The decor is really nice; dark, great paintings on the wall, more bourbon than you have ever seen in one place.  The staff is top notch, and make you feel right at home.  Rachel and Betty are great to spend the afternoon with and the 2 guys that were there on Halloween night dressed as Miami Vice were wonderful too (sorry I can't remember names).  Another thing I really liked was that the bartenders were there last year too.  It's always good to see people like where they work enough to stick around!  Hope you are all there next time we are in town.  Thanks for the great times!I stopped for drinks while visiting friends in the adjacent  Hotel Pontchartrain. Decent atmosphere, and good service. For appetizers, try the rib tips.Stopped in for music on a Thursday night. The room is a little too small for a 5 piece band with only a few tables available. There is ample space on the roof for music but for some reason they keep it in the bar. The drinks are expensive and poorly made. I had the worst and one of the most expensive Tom Collins drinks in my life. The redeeming thing about the joint is the food. The menu is small but the items come big, huge burger, huge garlic fry bowl, the food here is excellent.Bayou Bar is currently an extension of Jack Rose restaurant due to COVID-19. They shared the same menu and everything. I had some appetizers and a couple of drinks, ohhh and I can't forget about the CHAMPBONG. Overall, it was a pretty decent experience. The waiters were cool, the service was cool, everything was cool. Just a cool experience lolhave not been here since the major renovation. it's now a really nice venue with good food with helpful servers and bar tenders. it's all about the music!When my Mom and I were last in New Orleans, we stopped at the Bayou Bar before making our way over to Jack Rose. I really dug the dark interior of Bayou Bar that comprises dark wooden tables and a bar area in the back. 
Being that it would be a long day of celebrations with my cousins, we decided to order a couple of appetizers to tie us over. The wings were super good when ordered fried. So flavorful and savory, they were that I would come back just for the wings. The bruschetta was quite tasty and crispy, as well as flavorful. 
I washed down the wings and bruschetta with a pint of Nola Blonde Ale -- a local craft beer that I hadn't enjoyed before and was quite yummy and refreshing. Their beer list comprised many different New Orleans and Louisana-based craft releases that you can only find mostly in the local area. 
Bayou Bar was a great spot to enjoy some eats before moving on to the next place on our weekend excursion in New Orleans.