We came here for late lunch Saturday, so got to pick three small plates from the menu. The cocktail menu looked delicious, but we settled on sharing a bottle of moderately priced Gruner. I'm a HUGE seafood fan, so was disappointed to hear that they were already out of the scallop and pampano plates. Instead I chose to start with the garlic soup, which was yummy. Next I had the oysters, which were pretty darn good. Finally came the shrimp (the substitution item for scallops prepared the same way) and they were fantastic...and they even included one little scallop as a surprise! The food was good, but the atmosphere and staff were sort of stiff, which perhaps took away from the experience. If I came back, I would like to sit out in the courtyard.Food was well-prepared but not terribly exciting. Service was attentive, but unnecessarily stiff--nearly cyborgean. Waitress told us the menu hadn't changed in 29 years. D'oohkay. The specials seemed unremarkable at first listen so I ordered the menu lamb. It was cooked to perfection, and the pinot reduction was pretty on point, but the steamed green bean side was bland and kind of a wasted opportunity. 
I'm 44 years old, and I noticed pretty quickly that when I walked in, I was at least 15 years younger than every other person in the establishment. Not to say age is an indicator of fine taste, but there was clearly no invigorating sexy food action happening here on this night. Felt more country clubby than culinary mainstay. 
Among the least interesting or memorable food experiences of my week in New Orleans.My experience here was so New Orleans, Ben Kingsley to my right a woman dressed in crocs to my left. The dining room was quaint and quiete allowing for easy conversation. Now down to the brass tax, the rabbit was cooked perfectly and the sweatbreads are among the city's the best. The desert menu was lacking which prevents me from giving five stars. 
Rservations were easy to get and compared to the average FQ restaurants, Susan Spicer's french quarter gems distinguishes itself.Food is amazing. Though we are from Texas, my husband ordered the brisket.  Delicious.  My shrimp and grits were amazing, the ONLY ones I have ever liked.  Pimento cheese in the grits - yum. We were there for our 30th anniversary, and we couldn't be more happy.  Definitely go to Bayona! Oh, service was exceptional. Thanks justin and Alex!Me | Bf
App: Scallops | Veal Sweetbreads
Entree: Duck crepe | Rabbit roulade
Dessert: 10 yr. Tawny port | Earl Grey ice cream
Tucked away from Bourbon street a tad, Bayona is an elegant way to spend a nice dinner.  Others are spot on in saying that it's a complete different atmosphere once you step into the restaurant.  It's a small area, but the use of mirrors really gives this place a larger feel than it really is.
I cannot describe how great every plate was...(partly because I dined in October, eeks, I've been slow to type).  But I do remember the wonderful sweetbreads.  The bf got it and I had a taste.  I wish I had gotten more than a taste, it was crispy and full of flavor.  I do remember the Earl Grey ice cream and how I always wonder if I'll ever experience that flavor outside of Bayona.  I secretly hope that every time I visit a boutique/gourmet ice creamery that someone will carry that flavor.  Have not found it yet...
Why the four stars?  Unfortunately, for our experience, the waiter was astranged and left us alone for 20-30 minutes after our dessert.  The bathroom was so tight...and with tight space, we heard all conversations around us--even the uncomfortable ones.
I do believe this place is a gem and I would recommend it to any one in the area.A truly disappointing dining experience. Admittedly we were spoiled last night at Restaurant August, but most disappointing was the attitude of the manager
We waited over an hour between our appetizers and main course and it was obvious our waiter would race by our table never making eye contact
When I finally asked why the long wait he commented that he'd ask the manager how soon our food would be served. 10 minutes later it was and of course steak ordered medium was undercooked. 
At the end of dinner I noticed a 20% tip was added to the bill. The menu states it may be added and I can only assume they knew I would never give 20% for a dining saga.  The manager when I spoke with him gave the lame excuse that the servers were not responsible for the kitchen being slow as everything was made from scratch. 
There are so many fine restaurants in New Orleans so simply AVOID Bayona.This place was amazing! Ask to sit outside in their quaint little courtyard! Prepare to be pampered and really looked after.Great food!
I had the sweetbread app with caper sauce and they were divine.
The duck breast was cooked perfectly and served with roasted veggies.
Good service and food.!I had eaten here many years ago with my husband but recently stopped by for lunch with my daughter.  I had really great memories of the food and service here and was worried that it would disappoint so many years later.  It did not.
We came in for lunch without a reservation but were able to be seated right away anyway.  They have a few drinks that are only five dollars at lunch time, a Kir Royale being one of them.  I had two.  We both started with the crawfish turnover and both agreed though everything we had was good, this was the best!  Unbelievable really.  The crawfish center was so flavorful.  A bit spicy but not overpowering at all.  Mostly tangy.  I would order this over and over again!  For my main I had the New Orleans BBQ shrimp on pimento cheese risotto.  The shrimp and risotto were both exceptional.  This was spicy but I loved it!  The risotto was cooked perfectly too.  If you read many of my reviews I am usually disappointed in the risotto because it isn't cooked properly but this was perfect.  There were some cooked greens on the side but I didn't care for them.  Just my personal preference though, I don't generally care for collard greens anyway.  Okay don't judge - then for dessert I had chocolate pie.  It was gooey and rich and delicious and immediately went into food coma mode.  It was worth it though.
Service was excellent and the whole afternoon made for a lovely ladies lunch!A bit of an old boys club, Bayona is a charming place to dine in the quarter. The food is decadently rich which seems to please the large,  well tailored patrons. Not very suitable for vegetarians almost everything on the menu features a pork product. My companion and I were the youngest diners by decades, though happily we didn't care. The courtyard is very pretty and the lunches an excellent deal.  http://www.bayona.comFabulous , expensive  but worth every dime . My only regret was we didn't have a chance to have a cocktail outside.Don't understand the hype on this place - other than the patio has really nice ambiance. The staff is friendly enough, but the food is mediocre, at best. My husband and i are total foodies - and love all types of food from fancy to BBQ shack. We ordered the garlic soup Yelpers gave good reviews to - but it really was plain jane stuff. The plain green salad w/ blue cheese was good. We ordered the duck and the lamb dishes - both also given decent/good reviews by Yelpers. The duck was less than decent. The lamb was pretty good (best part was the sweet potato side), but neither dish measured up to the amazing food you can find in this amazing city. I would HIGHLY recommend u not waste your time or money (and believe me - i hardly ever review a restaurant this harshly - but this place is a waste of time for your taste buds!!).Amazing food and great service.  Enjoyed a drink in the fabulous courtyard before eating.  Accidentally ordered a $350 bottle of wine (meant to order a $54 bottle, but misread the wine list!)  When I got the $500 bill, my wife and I were both in shock.  After a quick Q&A with the waiter, I paid the bill and left.  The waiter felt so bad for my obvious mistake that he phoned me in the cab home to tell me that the manager had decided to give my the bottle at cost.  How cool is that?I've been there for the second time. Starters (grilled shrimps) and the main course (red fish) were absolutely fantastic. The desert was good. Nice staff. The only reason why I did not put 5 starts is the place. Although it is nice (indoor seating), I think that it could be somehow refreshed and redecorated. It looks a bit 'old'.We celebrated our 5th wedding anniversary here last night. It was amazing! 
Great service. There when you needed them, privacy the rest of the time.
Great food. We had the smoked quail salad, lamb loin, and salmon. All of the temperatures were nailed, and the portions were perfect to match the fact that we had a salad and a Au grautin to start with. 
Put this place on your list if you want to have a nice dinner out in NOLA.Technically, my rating is 4.5 stars, but Yelp doesn't let you give halves. 
Sometimes it's difficult being a vegetarian foodie, especially one with a mushroom allergy. At Bayona, it was pretty effortless, starting with making the reservation. Upon calling I had several questions and they were all met with a good, helpful attitude which set a really good tone for the evening. When we arrived the same helpful woman (I recognized her voice) greeted us and seated us in the parlor-type area for drinks while our table was prepared. She had a good knowledge of the wine list and her recommendation for a red (Tempranillo/Cabernet Sauvignon blend) was spot on! 
Once seated, we were greeted by our server's assistant, who was adorable and charming. He brought a small dish of olives and curried and pickled veggies, which were super tasty. Our main server greeted us next. He has an extremely cheerful demeanor and seemed to genuinely love his job and the food he serves. Right off the bat he gave us a great explanation of the menu (including when something was made with chicken stock WITHOUT ME ASKING!). I let him know that I was a vegetarian with a mushroom allergy and he immediately suggested some ways to modify or combine existing menu items. He also took my dietary restrictions to the Chef de Cuisine and let him come up with some dishes that he would want to make based on what he had in the pantry. I know sometimes chefs can get snippy about modifying their dishes (each component has a purpose, I know!), so I was excited to see what he would come up with.
Before I go into what my mom and I ordered, I want to say three words: SWEET POTATO BRIOCHE!
Moving on. My mom settled started with the Bayona salad. The portion was unexpectedly large. It was well-dressed (don't you hate when restaurants drown your salad? I do!) and had a slight sweetness that paired well with the shaved parmigiano reggiano. My mom didn't finish her salad (saving room), so I gobbled it right up! For her entrée, she went with the pan-seared pancetta-wrapped halibut, broccoli flan, and shoestring potatoes. After the first bite of halibut the only thing she could say was "outstanding." The broccoli flan was amazing (mom was nice enough to share). Those aren't two words that I would have put together before my trip to Bayona, but it's now something that I am hoping to replicate at home. The only "bad" thing my mom had to say was "I would have been okay with more shoestring potatoes."
I began with the Greek salad, which was on the daily specials menu. I was extremely pleased with the proportions of the ingredients in my salad as all too often someone gets carried away with the feta. Not here. You don't always see garbanzo beans on a Greek salad, but I enjoyed the addition. For my entrée, I chose to go with one of the chef's options: gnocchi, sautéed spinach and broccolini, and puréed tomato confit. This dish has converted me from feeling luke-warm about gnocchi into a HUGE FAN. And kudos on not overcooking the spinach. So many people do that I generally refuse to order it. Thanks, Bayona, for not making me regret taking those risks.
So where's the reason for the half-star deduction in the rating? I had a pretty good conversation with the server about my mushroom allergy. He repeated it back to me several times and yet my entrée arrived topped with hen of the woods mushrooms. Everyone was extremely apologetic and it was quickly resolved. A new plate was fired up and delivered piping hot, but it's a big pet peeve when my plate is delivered with poison on it.
The simply charming aesthetic of the interior and the courtyard charming is a perfect fit for the vibe of the food. I only wish I had been able to tummy-rub the restaurant's cat (I believe his name is Crusty).
OH! I almost forgot!! My mom purchased Susan Spicer's cookbook, and we came back for it the following day as they had held it so it could be signed. Unfortunately Susan wasn't going to be in before our flight left so they graciously offered to ship the book to my mom at no charge. Way to go, Bayona staff!Lovely outdoor patio in a charming courtyard would have delighted our group were it not that we were seated next to a plastic shrouded bank of air conditioning units.  Cocktail Royal Dauphine was wonderful.  Salmon disappointed.  Skirt steak, garlic soup were spot on.  Kitchen was slow - 40 minute pause between salad and entree.The living room waiting area and courtyard are just beautiful. We also really enjoyed the staff and our server was wonderful. We did not love our meal.  Our favorite item of the night was the goat cheese croutons with mushrooms. Yelpers recommended the garlic soup (which was way too thick and garlicky) and the sweetbreads which were a disappointment. The rabbit special also lacked flavor. Overall we were bummed by this meal.I'd wanted to come to Bayona for years, and actually have come along for lunch (which I don't eat, so only had previously sampled cocktails).  Came along for lunch during our last trip, and requested an outdoor table for the dinner reservations we'd made a month prior for the weekend (which they kindly added).  One oddity - they had wanted us to confirm our reservation prior to, rather than calling us to confirm...
Came for dinner in perfect weather, sat outside immediately, and all in all it was a good experience.  They were out of my friends intended cocktail (which I was also debating, so made an easier decision), and I believe out of the dish she had wanted as well.  I got the salmon, another friend got a fish on special, and the final got lamb (I believe) - both fishes received rave reviews.  We also ordered a bottle of white wine, which they didn't bring to us when closing our tab (nor especially were topping us off, so I guess they'd hoped we'd just forget and leave the unconsumed half behind?)
around $60 something per person for 3 entrees and the cheapest white, so reasonably priced (by NYC standards, and I've found many Nola fine dining spots to actually be pricier than Manhattan), and while the courtyard was cute and I've always wanted to sit there (always previously been sat inside when tagging along for lunch), I wouldn't say the courtyard was quite as pretty as I'd hoped (somewhat basic, but that's not a bad thing, I just wouldn't say it really compares to a courtyard such as Amelie..)
Our server was fine, not spectacular or horrible, I'd say average (not present super often, nor filling our wine frequently)..and while the food was good enough to deem 4 stars, the experience overall led me to not necessarily rush back, and half wish we'd done Amelie instead = 3 stars.  Solid, but not as great as I'd hoped (also I'd had a bug in my cocktail during my visit for lunch that week, and the service was VERY slow for that visit...to the point of being somewhat poor - although again, for that visit, the food received great reviews).We found our way through the doors of Bayona on our first night in New Orleans. We had no expectations and were absolutely exhausted from our whirlwind 3 day wedding weekend right before our arrival. Right off the bat we knew we were in amazing hands. We ended up sitting for almost 3 hours and ordered a good chunk of the menu, which changes daily. It was such an exceptional meal that we ended up going back and celebrating our special week one last time on our last night in town. The staff was incredible, especially Jessie. We will definitely be making a trip back to Nola soon and will always make a point to stop here as long as the doors are open!I've been mulling my Bayona dining experience over in my head for the past few days, and the more I think about it, the less impressed I was with my meal there.  I was really expecting a bit more.
My wife & I ordered a cocktail each.  I, the Stormy Morning cocktail (which was delicious).  She, the house specialty Bayona Manhattan.  And then we waited.  And waited.  About 10 minutes later our waiter returns to tell us that the bartender is out of an ingredient and can't make the house Manhattan.  So she orders a regular Manhattan instead, (which was solidly good).  However, by the time the drinks show up, we've already been here for 20 minutes, and no one has taken our food order yet.  (And it wasn't busy either).
I started with the veal sweetbreads in sherry mustard appetizer, which were the best sweetbreads I've ever had.  So they definitely get points for that.  My wife got the heirloom tomato salad, which while there was nothing wrong with it, wasn't all that exceptional either.  For the main courses, my wife got the lamb, which was excellent.  Cooked perfectly (medium rare) & seasoned perfectly as well.  The side dishes that came with the lamb, however, were unmemorable.  There was a bland sweet potato puree...and I can't even remember what the other side was.  I got the rabbit roulade, which was a letdown.  The polenta and greens (mustard?) that came with it, however, were well-seasoned.
I'm not sure if it's that I'm spoiled by having access to such good food in NY, (I can think of at least half a dozen places in Williamsburg, Brooklyn that serve better food for cheaper prices), or if I have just come to expect a certain caliber of dining experience when I'm spending the kind of money that an establishment like Bayona commands, (for these prices I expect water refills without having to ask for them, and napkins refolded when I leave the table), but I can't honestly say that I'd recommend this place (for the prices they charge) to anyone I know.  It was a very hit or miss dining experience, to say the least, and that's being generous in my assessment.Overfed, native New Orleans businessmen tend to predominate the crowd and extra-rich pan-Louisiana food the menu. If you want a lush, decadent meal in a lush decadent setting, you got it. Go to Herbsaint for a more contemporary and lighter take on the similar food.Finally, something to cheer sbout in the Big Easy. Great service, great imaginative, daily changing menu, great wine list and knowlegeable sommelier.
Not cheap, but worth every cent.
Will return.I went here with a group of girlfriends while visiting New Orleans, and we were blown away.  The sweetbreads are amazing, and I have always hated them.   If you are in New Orleans and are looking for a special occasion restaurant, look no further.Got there 20 minutes early and the hostess was not too friendly. We ordered eggplant caviar it was delicious and the grilled shrimp and black bean cake was amazing!  Garlic soup was incredible! I had the drum dish.  It was very different it was okay.  I wouldn't order it again. My boss got the duck sandwich.  It was amazing and the vendor got got pork cheeks that was good, too.  We ordered ice cream and it was good, but didn't blow you away.  The service needs improvement.  We were there almost 3 hours for lunch.  They had one waitress for the whole restaurant.  She was not friendly nor personable at all.  Christina the waitress for the drinks and desert was nice.  I am not sure I would go back.Brand new Hostess and busboy very nice. Waiter was not friendly or attentive.  Waited 1.5 hours from time of order to receive entree. Quail salad was superb. Everything else didn't WOW me.Susan Spicer's restaurant is in my top 3 in my hometown of New Orleans.   Exquisite cuisine, with a good balance of different nouveau American/French dishes.  The atmosphere and service is top notch.  Many memorable experienes here...a relative (who has lived in NYC/SanFran) said this was the best dining he's ever had.
The things that stick out in my mind as the most memorable are the diced sweetbreads/potato/beet/mushroom appetizer (yum yum) and the scallops.  There is a PBJ-Duck sandwich for lunch that's worth getting, too.
Biggest con is that the menu hasn't changed much over time.  As a regular, I am forced to go elsewhere for something new and fresh.Here are some things you should order at Bayona, in the event that they are on the menu:
~ Veal sweetbreads
~ Rabbit Galantine
~ Arugala Salad with Redfish Beignets
(I don't know how frequently the menu changes, but if you CAN order those things, you should. They're lovely.)
Anyway. My boyfriend and I stopped in here for a few small plates the other day while trying to cram as many awesome restaurants into three nights as we possibly could. And maybe we were a little underdressed compared to some of the other patrons, but we were in no way made to feel awkward about it, which was lovely.
In fact, while the food was REAL GOOD, the thing that impressed me most about Bayona was the outright hospitality. The host staff were lovely. The girl working in the "lounge" (and it's not a lounge like in a bar, it's like an adorable seating area with comfy couches and cocktail service) was absolutely sweet. And our server was the best.
You know how sometimes you go to "nice" places and you just feel uncomfortable because the server is just hell-bent in showing you how much more about food and life and whatever else they know than you? This was not the case at Bayona. It doesn't matter if everyone is dressed more nicely than you because you forgot to check and see if there's a dress code. It does not matter if you have no idea what to order. It does not matter if you tell your server that you're only stopping in for a few small plates and then heading on your way.
You will be treated MARVELOUSLY. And that is fucking awesome.My coworkers and I went to Bayona for dinner last night as they have been raving how it is their favorite in new orleans. If you like sweeter foods, this is definitely your type of place. I happen to like more savory flavors so I would not pick this place my absolute favorite.
We started with the scallops over brown rice with beans and bock choy, the goat cheese mushroom croutons. I highly recommend the croutons! They were fantastic!!! It was one of the best appetizers I have had in forever! Then I had the quail salad, which was pretty good. the quail was fried, but not too heavily. There was just enough batter to give it a nice crunch. For dinner I had the Peppered Lamb Loin with Goat Cheese and Zinfandel Sauce. According to everyone I was with it is the best thing on the menu. I thought it was good but could have used a little more spice or something.  I felt like all the food at Bayona had more of a sweetness than a savory. For dessert I had the chocolate panna cotta.  Very chocolaty but nothing special. Just a good pudding :)A very good lunch. 
We started with the shrimp and black bean cake. I wasn't too fond of the cake. Probably my least favorite thing I tried during the meal. The goat cheese crostini was very good (not really much commentary needed though; it takes like a crostini with goat cheese and mushrooms on top. The Madeira in the mushrooms was great). 
For entrees my companions had the lamb and seared trout while I had bbq shrimp and grits. It was all very good. There was something about it that wasn't quite special enough for five stars, but maybe that's because I came for lunch.Bayona is as good as it gets for truly delicious and creative meals.  Just make sure you go for lunch.  Unless you make a lot of money, or are visiting from Europe and can ridicule how petty the value of the dollar has become ...
Food: Like I said, superb!  And perfectly proportioned too; you get the feeling a lot of thought has been taken in the kitchen in terms of presentation, proportion and of course, taste.  Makes me not feel bad about ordering an appetizer and sharing two entrees and a dessert.  Start with the Smoked Duck Cashew Butter and Pepper Jelly sandwich.  It won't soon be forgotten.  They cut it diagonally into two beautiful slices, so it makes it easy to share with a dining companion.  Unless they cut it unevenly, in which case, you will probably be playing 21st finger to see who gets the bigger slice.  We broke all the rules in our New Orleans food excursion and went to Bayona more than once.  Not only that, we went on consecutive days.  The lunch menu changes daily, with a few constants (like the aforementioned smoked duck goodness), so I encourage experimenting with different entrees.  Everything we ordered was great, and perfect to share.  Highlights include the scallops and pork and shrimp dumplings in chili aioli and the baked drum (local fish) with couscous.  Wasn't HUGE on the meat platter entree of stuffed quail, lamb brochaise and sausage, surrounded by a mound of lettuce and needle-thin pommes frites, if only because the dish lacked the diversity of flavors and textures that seemed to be a staple of everything else on the menu.
We shared the stuffed empanadas for dessert the first day.  There were 2 and were accompanied by a scoop of spicy cinnamon gelato.  Can't remember exactly WHAT the empanadas were stuffed with (waiter said it was a local fruit) but they were delicious, and again, perfect for sharing.  At the end of the meal, I ordered a double espresso, which was garnished with a brown sugar cube and a chocolate-covered almond on the plate.  I am half-Cuban and have been drinking espresso for most of my life, so I understand and am all-too aware of the perils of ordering a watered-down, overpriced one at similarly fancy establishments with delicious cuisine but disappointing coffee.  I'd have to take the 7 train over to Queens, or worse, fly to Miami to get a truly memorable espresso.  But Bayona is the real deal.  So real that I ordered a second double espresso immediately after downing the first.  Nice-sized double too, and not overpriced.  
Service: Our servers were attentive and extremely helpful on both occasions, even offering us advice on other restaurants we might enjoy during our stay and answering every question about the menu that we had.  
Atmosphere: Bayona has its own little private courtyard on a side street in the French Quarter that leads to its entrance.  When it's nice out (ie: NOT 30 degrees and raining), I can imagine really enjoying the outdoor seating via the patio that is adjacent to the courtyard.  Still, inside is marvelous.  There are three rooms, each with their own signature.  You get the feeling you are in a villa in turn-of-the-century America, because you are.  The house remains intact, and so are all the classical accompaniments: piano, lush floral arrangements, gurgling fountain and all.
Value: As I said, go for lunch.  It was good enough to warrant an immediate repeat visit on a 4-day vacation in which we originally declared not to go to any restaurant more than once.  Check out the dinner menu online if you're curious, but I doubt there is really anything you'll truly be missing if you opt to go for lunch, except maybe that loan you may have taken out after spending so much on vacation...As a traveling winemaker and brand ambassador, I get to eat at the best restaurants between the coasts.  I can be a little jaded because I eat out so much, and with the availability of quality ingredients from coast to coast, I do expect any kitchen to be able to produce delicious food.
This will not be a review that takes a kitchen to task.  This is a review of Bayona providing me with one of the greatest meals I have ever eaten, including France and Italy.
And considering most of my meal was the thymus glands of a baby steer (Sweetbreads) and the getaway-sticks of an amphibian (Frog's Legs), that's a helluva statement!
The sweetbreads were so good that some at the table ordered a larger portion for dinner, and I had the frog's legs and garlic soup, which was also rich and amazingly delicious.
If you find yourself in New Orleans and are confounded where to eat, I cannot more strongly suggest that you spend some time at Bayona.  Expect amazing and get ready to smile.Unexpectedly one of the best steaks i've ever had.  Other dishes varied from very good to excellent although the bread wasn't terribly impressive.  Service was very good and ambiance was cozy and warm but a bit cramped.  We appreciated the chefs efforts to provide sustainable foods, local when possible.  I'd absolutely go back for the steak again! 4.5 starsSusan Spicer's Bayona is tucked away in a quiet part of the French Quarter and looks very unassuming, but WOW! the food is EXQUISITE! Everything is made and served with care and perfection. The ambiance is very romantic and quietly elegant. Each plate is picture perfect and with delicate subtle flavors to be relished with delight. Do not be afraid to order anything and be surprised!Heard many good things about this restaurant, which opened in 1990, and the chef/owner Susan Spicer, so had to give it a try during my New Orleans vacation in late-February.  Had a 6:30pm reservation, and within an hour the restaurant was practically full.  Asked to meet Susan Spicer, since she was in the kitchen at Bayona that evening....she was overseeing a large private party on the patio, but made time to come out of the kitchen to meet my brother and I and chat for a few minutes - she also made her apologies for there being a slight delay in the food arriving to our table due to the private party taking precedence.  I started with the Quail Salad, followed by King Salmon, and finished with the Banana Tres Leches. The food was excellent, and meeting Susan Spicer made the meal all the more special.  Thank you for a great experience, Susan!Susan Spicer needs Gordon Ramsey!!!  Scallops were grisly & only one out of the 4 had sauce.  My friends fish was undercooked & had to be sent back.  1 couple actually got up & left when we were there & the other 2 tables up in the attic were comped wine or an entree due to the issues in the kitchen.  Mushroom veloue was unimpressive.  Not sure how often she checks in but seems as if Susan has lost sight of her cash cow.the smoked duck sandwich with cashew butter and pepper jelly here is one of the better things i've eaten for lunch, ever.overall a very good experience dining here.  the service was good, but dishes took a very long time to arrive.  the table next to us were seated after us, did not order starters, and received their dishes fairly quickly.  we ordered starters, but then still had an incredibly long wait for our main dishes.  the other table was gone before we received them.  
i also have two small complaints about the food.  for a starter we ordered the garlic soup, which we had heard was good.  i'm not sure if it was just off that night, but there was just something off about its taste, neither of us wanted to finish it.  it would have made a great sauce or gravy for meat, but alone as a soup it was a little overpowering. my second complaint was the sauteed spinach served with my main course was so salty it made my mouth pucker to eat it.  
but overall, still an excellent meal.  dishes were plated and prepared well, interesting flavors together.  the ambience is cozy and intimate, making for a very comfortable meal.  for our better meals during out time in new orleans, we ate here and GW Fins.  Between the two, i have to say my vote is with GW Fins for overall better food and dining experience.  
on the dress code  - hard to say.  some were business casual, one table was quite casual wearing shorts.  that seemed a little bit out of place there.  i'd go with slacks being more appropriate than jeans or shorts, although it's not an overly dressy place.Super disappointing. We came here for our anniversary dinner, which happens to be on New Years Eve. So, prix fixe menu...fine. But $100 for very mediocre food and an appetizer, entree and dessert was outrageous. And I'm not a person who is afraid to spend money on good food. This was just a huge bummer of an experience. 
We had better food at a dive bar. 
Better service at a gay bar. 
And my boyfriend left hungry. 
Lame. 
We will not be back. And I recommend you don't bother. There is SO much amazing food in Nola, skip this one.One of the best restaurants in town. The foods complexity, taste layers and combinations were truly amazing. 
Drinks were stout and tasty. 
Service was great. All in all, we'll be going back!!!  A great night!!Ate here about a month ago on my girlfriend's birthday.  I privately asked the waitress if she could make sure there was a candle in whatever dessert we ordered, and I was pleasantly surprised to see the entire plate decorated.  I thought she said the dessert would be taken off the bill, but either she forgot or I misheard, because the charge was on the bill at the end of the night.  It would have been a nice gesture, but the dessert - the Chocolate Caramel Hazelnut Tart - was excellent even at $9.
The food was very good overall, but we were there for at least two hours, as it was a Friday night and the restaurant was crowded.  I also thought it was a little expensive for New Orleans, so I wouldn't make a habit of going there, but for a special occasion, I would recommend Bayona.  The next time I'm in NOLA, I'll probably go back for lunch, when the prices are a whole lot better.It took us six years to get a table here - we should have waited longer. We tried to just walk in during a NOLA trip in 2010 and were unsuccessful. This time we booked a table in advance and were less-than-blown away. This pretentious restaurant is extremely loud, the menu relatively pedestrian, and the food was just ok. 
We went late on a Friday night expecting a reserved, refined meal. Instead we were seated next to party of seven communicating at such a volume that my wife and I frequently couldn't hear each other talk. A guy at a nearby four-top inexplicably started barking. And of course, our servers had to speak loudly to be heard. It was a jarring experience. 
The service was attentive, but also annoying with its classic up-sell strategy - starting with the ol' bottled water ploy. Ice water was sufficient. We were treated to a lengthy dissertation about the house sazerac cocktail, assuming both that we were familiar with it and would be ordering it - we didn't. And when it was time to discuss bread we were urged to try the $5 brioche first and then the "complimentary wild flour bread." We chose the free bread and it wasn't bad, actually. 
Each server had a rehearsed speech about the menu, recited almost identically. The restaurant is 26 years old - items accompanied by a symbol had been available the entire time, and were excellent. Specials did not receive a symbol, and were excellent. 
The menu seemed more like California cuisine than what we are conditioned to expect in Louisiana. I detected few local influences. My wife's starter was interesting, though - cream of garlic soup. You might think it would be overpowering but it was satisfying and mellow. My salad was average - the greens seemed to be from an industrial supplier and were a little old. The best part about it was shavings of Parmigiano Reggiano cheese. For dinner we had a good blue crab salad and a disappointing hanger steak. I know it's not always the best cut of beef, but I paid $32 for something that was chewy like beef jerky. It was served with really good sautéed squash and a slice of bland potato pie called a "tortilla" - a Spanish interpretation, according to our server. Fine, but why not charge me $42 and serve me a ribeye? I should add that I enjoyed an excellent ribeye at another restaurant the next evening, for $28.  
The glasses of wine were disappointing, especially at the $15 and $14 price points. My wife winced when I asked her about her white Rioja; it was apparently a bit tart. And my Pinot Noir from the Burgundy region made me pine for more elegant Pinots from California and Oregon.
All in all, we had a better experience at a French Quarter brewhouse the night before; it was quieter--even with blues music playing on the sound system--the service was subtle and more assured, and the food was better.We went there in sept with work people. Everything was awesome. 
I ordered the lamb and it was the most tender lamb I have ever eaten. 
My husband said his duck was pretty amazing too. 
A coworker ordered the sweetbreads and he's french and said they were really good. 
Drinks were good , our waitress was friendly and desserts were great !Best meal I've ever had in New Orleans, hands down.
We came from Chicago to New Orleans to celebrate my 21st birthday. We researched nice places to go to dinner, and were convinced to go to Bayona. I called the afternoon prior and was able to easily secure a reservation (during Mardi Gras!)
It was raining pretty heavily the night of our reservation and so between the rain and the dark it was moderately difficult to find the place. Once we got inside the staff was great, they had us wait for only a few minutes before seating us in this really cozy, really welcoming dining area. I've gotta say, the ambiance was warm and upscale; I liked that.
The service was great. I ordered the Stormy drink and it was unique and really, really good. I thought I was going to stop there but my tablemates insisted on some champagne. We settled on a Rose Spanish Cava, and it was wonderful. 
The waitstaff brought some pickled veggies over to snack on while we looked over the menu, and we liked the garlic so much we asked for more. The staff brought us a TON of pickled garlic-- delicious.
Service was speedy but not rushed and soon we were settling into our garlic soup. Again, amazing. The soup had a surprising sweetness and wasn't overwhelming. We scarfed it down.
For the main course, I ordered Red Snapper with a brown rice cake and some veggies. The boyfriend ordered a oyster-stuffed-porkchop. Yes, you read that right-- a porkchop stuffed with OYSTERS. 
The fish was delicious. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, light and satisfying. The veggies were some kind of green thing much like bok choy, and covered in yet another delectable concoction-- some kind of red sauce. The brown rice cake was a surprising stunner. It was crunchy on the outside, flavorful, the perfect complement to the fish.
I was so focused on my dish that I didn't bother to try the porkchop, but the boyfriend swore it was fantastic.
For dessert I ordered some kind of chocolate tarte. It was good, but definitely not as good as the rest of the meal.
Some other patron had stolen our umbrella on the way out, and so the staff offered us a replacement umbrella. We appreciated the kindness, but the weather had cleared up and the gesture was unnecessary.
Overall, Bayona was the best dining experience I've ever had in New Orleans; the prices were completely reasonable for the incredible quality-- I cannot wait to go back!The Pros: The outside of Bayona is adorable. You feel like you're sneaking into a secret, right off the main drag. The food was delicious. I had the Gnocchi with Lamb Ragu, the Bayona Salad, and the Redfish. The gnocchi was cooked perfectly, and the lamb ragu was hearty but just filling enough for a starter. The Bayona salad was pretty basic, the creamy olive oil dressing was good but it would have been nice to have a little less of it. The redfish was cooked perfectly, flaky and not fishy-tasting. Served over very tasty leek mashed potatoes, which I'd never had but really enjoyed. I had simple vanilla ice cream for dessert and it set the bar for all future vanillas.
The Cons: The restaurant is a converted house, and the dining rooms are converted...well rooms. This makes navigating the space difficult. There were large, fake, flower arrangements in giant urns everywhere adding to the outdated décor. It felt a lot more stuffy and formal than I like. Ultimately I gave this place three stars because it was great, but if you're only in New Orleans for a limited time, there are other amazing restaurants to try.Last night our travelling troupe of foodies hit Susan Spicer's Bayona.  Hands-down it was decided that Bayona was the best we had this time around in NOLA.  
To quickly address any negative reviews because of wait; I think these naysayers do not understand the EXPERIENCE of a restaurant like Bayona.  Overall, Bayona delivered one of those "close your eyes and savor life" experiences and those moments should never be rushed.
We arrived for our reservation and had our choice to take pre-dinner drinks in a cozy foyer or the courtyard.  The wait gave this group time to engage in conversation and scope out Bayona.  First (and now final) impressions:  Sophisticated yet casual; intelligent and witty.
Our dinner reservation was late so some of the menu items were sold out.  Upon being seated, our waitress immediately informed us of sold out items and ran (not fast walked but ran) to the kitchen to claim the last Red Snapper.  The menu offered such creative pairings that we wanted to order everything just to taste; and that is very close to exactly what we did.  
Starters:  Salads, Veal Sweetbreads, and Crawfish Beignets.
Dinner:  Red Snapper, Lamb Loin, Duck, Rabbit, and Hake
Veal sweetbreads were exceptional (I highly recommend) but tonight, Crawfish Beignets stole the starting show so much that we put in for two more orders.  Bayona's Crawfish Beignets set the bar as probably the best around.  
Out came our main courses.  Upon tasting my duck, I was certain that I had ordered the best plate until I tried everyone else's dish.  I tasted the red snapper (really really good); then the hake (reminds me of Chilean Sea Bass), then the rabbit and lastly the lamb loin.  Every bite was better than the first.  While every plate was exceptional, we decided the best dish of the night went to the lamb loin.
This review would not be complete without a tip of the hat to Bayona's team who round out this restaurant's personality:  intelligent and relaxed; knowledgeable and lively.Something rustled in the leaves by our table on a night outside in the courtyard.  It was almost cold and almost dark and you could feel the moisture of the river and the swamp and the dead who reveled out of sight, under the leaves behind your seat.  For years the staff has known the rustling and it is family.  But they have lost it in a city where everyone has lost it.  Bayona is an attempt at modern sanity and it fails and the result is beautiful.  
Always, always order the sweatbreads.  You will close your eyes.  You will feel outside in New Orleans and in the glass and small, old lights and unheard horns and drums wailing and walking slow among the dark and wet women and men yelling and splashing their drinks over the cobblestones.  At Bayona you see and hear none of this but by the sweatbreads you feel it.  All the other stuff is fine.  You can make serious choices about the wine.Could've been great. Delicious food, paired with inattentive and condescending waitstaff means I won't return. Too bad b/c the food was really good. Maybe lunch isn't their best face.Went there for dinner with friends and sorry we did. Service was horrible! Servers didn't know the wines they serve or how the dish was prepared. Sea bass was greasy and way over breaded,  mashed potatoes cold and greens too salty. The lamb was a bad cut and chewy. We had a late reservation and the host seemed annoyed by that. We were seated upstairs in a corner while the majority of the restaurant was open downstairs.  Our only bad food experience in NOLA.Chef does this amazing 3-course "light lunch" on Saturday for $25 prix fix. The incredible menu is explained by Jane, the leader of a team of expert servers, who were warm and friendly, but perfectly attuned to the casual pace. My husband started with Chef's classic garlic soup (sublime) and I had the best Caesar salad ever (with arugula!).  We moved on to fabulous stuffed quail and Chef' famous sweetbreads, just spectacular. By now we were deciding to download Chef's cookbook. We finished with the duck/ cashew butter and pepper jelly puff, and chocolate panna cotta: the perfect end to the perfect lunch experience. Can't wait to go back for dinner!The food is delicious here.  I am deducting one star for the clustered upstairs attic I was seated at.  I was fortunate enough that I was not asked to move to have a wine removed from the cellar that I was sitting in front of.  The upstairs is a very cramped room with wines stacked up behind you.  So if they need a wine that is behind you I suppose you have to stand up.
I ordered the house salad and it came with a very good dressing but no other veggies which was disappointing.  My date ordered the veal shortbread with lemon capers which was just exquisite. Very delicious and well done.
I ordered the salmon that was very light and buttery and didn't taste too fishy for me.  It was well done.  The waitress stated that it was sushi grade so I ordered it medium raw.  I was happy I didn't order the another dish I was eying, the whole fish I saw served to another table.  The waitress had stated that it had a lot of bones but was delicious but I could tell she was steering me away from the whole fish and I'm glad I didn't get it.  
My date got the flounder that was prepared in a soy-citrus-teriyaki style.  He enjoyed it very much but I thought it was a bit more fishy than what I would normally like. 
We didn't get desert because we were really full after the meal.  All in all, a great place to eat but you do have to pay for it.  The tab came around $120 w/tip for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and for one glass of reisling.Lots of pork, pork shrapnel, and pork drippins:  Bayona will make you fat, and you will enjoy every artery-stuffing second of it.  You can watch fat people get happy as they dine.The food was terrific but portions were very small. I had the bbq shrimp with grits and colored greens. I'm glad I tried them. I love the southern food but very fattening and probably better to stay with small portions.We are foodies, there is no doubt about it and after living in New Orleans for just over two and a half years, we made it for dinner at Bayona.  Wow, the food and the service and the ambiance were all outstanding.  Our server was very friendly and we had everything we needed when we needed it.  We shared the Spanish Grilled Octopus and the combination of Mediterranean flavors of red pepper, olive etc was superb.  Then we each had a pork chop on pimento grits, with sauteed brussels sprouts and onion rings, oh my, the flavors of all of that was outstanding too.  I'm hoping to come back for another special occasion, and perhaps try lunch out in the courtyard too.Excellent from the door to the dessert!! This is definitely my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Laurie is the absolute best and the chefs hands are made of gold!! The service is fantastic and the food is unforgettable!!Bayona has never really been to my taste and a recent visit confirmed what I have long thought but kept to myself.  The restaurant is pretty in an old fashioned way and the courtyard is lovely (like so many in the quarter).  However the decor is dated as is the clientele - the average age I saw in the fairly empty dining room was well over sixty. While old-fashioned decor and aging patrons are not necessarily an issue I find that the food and service matches.  Over multiple visits the menu has seemed relatively unchanged and there were a surprising lack of options during my last one.  While dishes like garlic soup and caesar salad are well executed - that I am ordering them indicates that there is not much else to excite me.  Tried the tripletail as a main which was fine but not particularly exciting - just traditional and a little bland.  Service was excruciatingly slow for a small business lunch (party of 2) and even though we tried to move it along it still took well over an hour for two courses in a nearly empty restaurant.  We kept ordering from the busboy to speed things along and as a result the first time we saw our waitress was when she dropped off the check.  While Bayona is better than many options in the quarter it is not for me and certainly avoid if you are looking for a quick meal.In the French Quarter, many restaurants practically scream for your attention. This is, after all, a place where you can walk the streets with an open container. So it was a surprise to discover a tucked away gem in Bayona, where its subtlety and graciousness surpass its brash surroundings. We landed here on a friend's recommendation. The chef, Susan Spicer, is well known and yes, it's a foodie restaurant. We ate here on Valentine's Day when they featured a prix fixe menu with two categories: savories and sweets. We both ordered savory dishes, three each, and they came in small but wonderful serving sizes. We at first approached eating here more formally but after the first course, we relaxed into the flow of the seamless service (it must be noted: these folks have mastered the art) and savored the food. The food was to die for. And we didn't even have dessert. Such a treat. Go there for a special occasion and bring money. Good stuff like this doesn't come cheap.Holy wow!
It took me forever, but I finally made it to Bayona!  So worth the wait and I already know what I'm getting the next time I go!  
First things first...the location is gorgeous, traditional FQ charm, courtyard, converted home. Intimate but not intimidating.
Now the food.
Signature dishes on the left of the menu, daily specials on the right.  I have never had so much trouble deciding what to eat!  The decision wasn't helped by the fact there are multiple dishes the include goat cheese (Bless you Ms. Spicer).
With four of us at the table collaborating, we managed to get a great variety. (Side note: do not come here with someone who doesn't share!)
I decided on a special appetizer: fig salad with goat cheese(!) and the signature entree of salmon- the most delicious I've had!  Fresh, spicy & crisp!  
Around the table: black bean cake (flippin' fantastic), lamb chops with goat cheese (my choice for next time), and sweetbreads (unreal).
The best thing was the simplicity of the dishes.  No over the top concoctions, just out & out perfect combinations and technique.
Even though I was totally stuffed, there had to be dessert!  Mango cheesecake & honey blueberry tart....amazing!  
I have never had a better food coma!I have been blessed enough to eat in some of the most wonderful restaurants.  And, while the food was, indeed, delicious at Bayona, the service was terrible and the experience I had with the wait staff and the manager, Brian, was horrendous.   
I made the reservation more than 2 months ago, called myself to confirm our party of 5.  We arrived on time, were seated immediately and then the wheels came off the truck.  
I specifically explained to the waiter that I would like to treat my friends to some excellent wine and requested a separate check for the wine - he assured me this was no trouble at all.  When the 2005 Peter Michael Les Pavots ($450) arrived with a dry cork that the server destroyed while trying to open it and he pushed it into the bottle I refused the wine and requested another bottle.  No apology, no check in from the manager, Brian.  We then ordered another.   Throughout our meal I was asking for attention, help, and recommendations only to be blown off.  Each of us ordered appetizers, salads, main dishes and dessert...in addition to the amazing wine.  It was good food, and it was not cheap but the place treats you like they are doing you a favor feeding you...ridiculous.
When the bill arrived I was presented with a $843 check for the wine and they went ahead and added 20% gratuity for the wine on one bill and another 20% for the food....When I inquired with our server if this was customary, saying I would simply like the option to manage that tip myself especially considering the service he complained that I had ruined and sent away a perfectly good bottle of wine (that had his finger in it AND a cork floating in it.)   He added that that was their policy for parties of 5 or more - on wine?!   So, I respectfully requested to see the manager.  Brian arrived at our table and was rude, disrespectful, shouted at me and reiterated that I had sent away a perfectly good bottle of wine.  To which I responded, "I'm sure you enjoyed it in the kitchen."   He complained that he would have to try to find a way to sell it.   His rant at me, with a raised voice, was uncomfortable, inappropriate, rude, small-minded, and not at all what I would have expected from one of Susan's restaurants.   I promptly reported the issue to my hotel concierge, and will put this on yelp or anywhere else I can to warn people about the disgusting service.
Sad, Brian and the waiter should be fired.One of the best meals I've had. We did the Saturday brunch which has certain items to select from. All three courses were delicious and full of flavor. Only gripe was the lady in the front. Makes you feel like an idiot if you don't have reservations and wasn't welcoming like the other staff. Due to this, reservations recommended.In 2002, Bayona was listed among the top 50 restaurants in the world, so we went with high expectations. They weren't met. The cocktails were decent but nothing special. The food was good, but not great. The goat cheese crouton, which many have recommended, was a toasted slice of what appeared to be store-bought whole grain bread with warm goat cheese and mushrooms spread on top. It tasted good but was the kind of dish I would imagine getting at Panera. The peppered lamb loin was well prepared and delicious. The pork chop was slightly overcooked a little tough and dry. Service was mediocre. Our food got a little cold while waiting for the waiter to show up so we could order a glass of wine (he didn't show up, and we ended up flagging down the busboy). In addition, the courtyard, where we had hoped to dine, was closed, for no apparent reason, since it was a warm dry night. The dining room was nice enough, but the courtyard is clearly what makes Bayona's space appealing. Overall, it was a decent meal but nothing to write home about. They seem to have lost their edge.I finally ate at Bayona's a few months ago. I had heard about it and its famous chef, Susan Spicer, for many years. Someone even gave me her cookbook for Christmas. I was seeing a play at the Mahalia Jackson and was able to easily park at the theater and walk over to Dauphine St. to each lunch at Bayona. I was fortunate to get in because I did not have a reservation. They turned several people away after they let me in. By the time I had finished with restaurant was full (always a good sign). On Saturdays they have a special small plates lunch. Three small plates for $25. This was perfect since I wanted to try several dishes I had her about. One of those dishes is the cream of garlic soup - it was wonderful. Another that had been recommended was the smoked duck, cashew peanut butter, and pepper jelly sandwich. I probably would not have ordered if I had not heard that is was great. I am glad that I did. It was an unusual - but tasty - flavor combination. I loved it. I also got the Bayona salad with blue cheese. Once again fantastic. I must say that this was probably one of the best meals I have ever had. The setting and service was great and the food met expectations. Look forward to eating there again some day - hopefully soon.We came to Bayona for our anniversary and it was a great choice. The staff was friendly, efficient and attentive but also gave us our privacy. I had a salmon beignet with grilled salmon for the appetizer-excellent!  For our entrees my wife had red snapper which was cooked perfectly and I had rabbit which was cooked 2 ways. Always a little hesitant to get rabbit because it can be gamey but this was great. The desserts were equally good. Highly recommended Bayona particularly for a special occasion.Just ok. Don't listen to the hype on Yelp and then maybe you'll really enjoy the meal. The whole experience was not bad, but it was not amazing either. Fiancé was served out of date beer and my cocktail had a tacky straw in it. If you like pig products then you'll probably love their menu. Server was v knowledgeable on the menu. All in all though, not worth the price tag or the 10pm slot.Everything was amazing!  We were with a small group.  Had the duck livers, sweetbreads, crawfish and one other starter, and then shared the smoked quail salad, which I could have honestly eaten a full portion and been done for the night.  I enjoyed the rabbit as the main course, which was so flavorful!  Finally for dessert, I had this ridiculous brownie with salted caramel and espresso ice cream.  Unfortunately I did not document any of this in picture form, as I felt a little funny doing it in this nice restaurant.Everything was delicious here. From the specialty cocktails to the amazing desserts. I had lamb for the very first time and it was fantastic. I enjoyed mostly the specials but I got a taste of many things on the menu and I am confident that everything was amazing. I will warn you that it's not cheap. This is a dinner you'd be better off enjoying on someone else's dime! The bathroom upstairs is cute, but watch your head.Excellent again. Garlic soup is wonderful, the roasted garlic adding a touch of smoky sweetness to the dish. Carly the sommelier was helpful and knowledgeable, listened to our likes and recommended a beautiful bottle. Service was perfect overall (thanks to Billy Dawn and Kristin). Had the rabbit done two ways (forgot which) and it was done to perfection, juicy and succulent.
Looking forward to next year;s visit to New Orleans for a return.One of the best meals ever.  We had a party of six and every dish that was ordered was incredibly delicious.  This was my fourth visit to the restaurant and the food was even better than the previous three visits.  I look forward to the next time.Dinner was so good we tried lunch the following day and were not disappointed.  It is one of the top three finer dining experiences I have had in New Orleans.  Shrimp and grits and sweetbread were outstandingIt had been almost 10 years since I went to Bayona.  I just don't get to the FQ fancy restaurants that often...typical local, I know.  
I had a lovely lavender cocktail while we waited for our reserved cocktail - it was made with violet, elderflower liquer and bubbly.  So yummy I had another.  My 1st course was a special of crawfish pie; while it was fine, it was nothing super special and honestly, I've had better at festivals.  My main course was amazing though; I had the pepper encrusted tuna and it was cooked perfectly and the green peppercorns elevated it above the usual.  My dinner companions had the lamb, hangar steak, and fish.  Everyone agreed that the food was great.  We also sampled three desserts: a basic, but good creme brule, the strawberry pistachio bombe which was light and airy and not at all what I expected, and one of the daily sorbets but I can't remember the flavor.So far awful service.  Unfriendly  non smiling had to ask 3 times for bread.  30 minutes before drink order taken. Waiting on food.Superb food as you would expect from Susan Spicer.  The  3 or 4 ? course lunch deal with champagne can't be beat.  It is a beautiful classic french quarter building with a beautiful courtyard.I am not giving Bayona 1 star because the food was bad.  It was good.  
I am not giving Bayona 1 star because they took so long to cook our entrees that we had to leave before eating dinner so we could make a 9 o'clock Preservation Hall show.  (note: we sat down at 7 and when I asked when the food was coming at 8:30 they admitted they hadn't started cooking it yet).  
I am giving Bayona 1 star because they treated us TERRIBLY when we realized we would have to leave before we ate so we didn't lose our reservations at Preservation Hall.  Our server came over TWICE to tell us that it was our fault and that we should have given them notice that we had only 2 hours to finish the meal because their restaurant is SO FANCY (emphasis theirs).  (note: during the trip we also ate at Sylvain and Herbsaint, which I would recommend over Bayona and were able to finish up in well under 2 hours.  Amazingly, they can somehow be really fancy and get you out the door in under 120 minutes)
The manager also came over to shirk any responsibility and let us know that he was basically sorry we were sorry.  Thanks for that, as the person who made the reservation I wasn't already feeling bad enough.  Then, for one final kick in the ass on the way out the door, our server admitted she was a "salesperson at heart" and asked if we would be interested in buying drinks for the road since they don't sell them at Preservation Hall. No thanks, I'd rather drink the sludge on Bourbon Street then patron their business.
There are too many great restaurants in New Orleans where the staff and management actually treat their customers with kindness when things don't go exactly as planned.  I'd give them zero stars if I could.Go here. Don't just eat but meander through the adventure of dining at Bayona. The place is elegant, very New Orleans with something slightly aging about it, but dignity and this sexy sultry under-layer. Courtyard dining isn't all that uncommon in NOLA but Bayona's was the best I've seen in all of my trips. The wait staff was very knowledgeable and his descriptions of the food were nearly an artform, well above and beyond the typical "We have a lamb special tonight with potatoes and green beans."  And that lamb and mashed sweet potatoes were a work of art...the entire time I spent at Bayona was time away from the world and the hussle of the city. This will be my first stop when I get back into town.  The food had the punch of the Big Easy but the subtle flavors and textures really makes this place foodie-Goldilock's dream. Like I said, Go here.Disappointing...the fast food equivalent of New Orleans cuisine. Quite honestly, you'll probably enjoy it if you're a tourist. As someone who married into a New Orleans family and spends a lot of time here, I know the difference. 
The menu was solid, but uninspired. The service was lackluster, at best. We had to ask for drinks multiple times. The split pea soup came out with our two appetizers, after we'd complained about the lag in service. The manager, who we'd complained to, was rude and dismissive. The soup was lukewarm and tasted as if it had come out of a can. The fried oysters over warm spinach salad was ok. The shrimp, crawfish, and goat cheese in phyllo dough was seasoned well--it was by far the most interesting thing we had. We split the lamb loin entree. It was underwhelming, to say the least. It was very unevenly cooked (we'd ordered medium, but it appeared to vary from medium rare to medium well). The sides were far better than the lamb.
The atmosphere also left a lot to be desired--there was a table of drunken tourists a few tables away. Overall, Bayona is unimpressive. If you're visiting, do yourself a favor. Get out of the French Quarter and try Upperline or Jacques-Imo's.I had never been to this place when my boyfriend took me to celebrate my birthday.
First of all, the atmosphere is wonderful and romantic.  The lighting isn't too bright or too dim, it's perfect for dates.
The food was exquisite.  I had no idea what to expect, but I got the salmon and I was blown away at how wonderful it was.  The wait staff was extremely attentive and helpful.  I would definitely love to go back someday.
The place isn't cheap, but it's worth spoiling yourself on a special occasion.Bayona is easily one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. 
I came on a Monday night with a few friends and the restaurant was fairly empty. The ambiance is soft and the restaurant is not loud. 
We ordered 2 starters, 1 salad, 4 entrees, 3 desserts, 1 bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, and 1 glass of Riesling for a total of $325, not including tip.
My favorites of the meal were:
Veal sweetbreads.
Quail salad.
Duck breast. 
Braised short ribs.
I really wish I got to try the goat cheese crouton bc I never order it when I come! Will definitely make a trip back here for it!This was my second time here and I was yet again, not disappointed! The reason for dining here this weekend was for my mother's birthday and she (visiting from Rhode Island) was very very happy with her birthday celebration!
Service was impeccable! Our two waiters, David and Michael were great...attentive, without hovering...drinks always filled and great wine suggestions. 
Food was to die for! My mother ordered the pork chop (she loves pork...so this city was made for her). Although she said she wasn't going to complete her entree so she would have dessert, she couldn't even think about not finishing her entree because it was that amazing. The reduction on my hanger steak was the perfect combination of salty and sweet and then paired with the freshest grilled asparagus. Put it this way, as I write this review I am salivating. 
Sadly neither of us could squeeze in dessert since we each also had a ceasar salads which I would like to quickly speak about. Even this dish has Susan Spicer's take on it...more of a balsamic vinaigrette based ceasar dressing with a mix of romaine and arugula. Such a refreshing spin on a classic! 
So to wrap this up...spend the little extra to have an amazing dining experience that you will not regret!No doubt Susan Spicer's flagship restaurant makes some of the most innovative food in this amazing city. Her specialty - taking traditional Southern and Mediterranean dishes and giving them a unique twist that sets them apart from the norm. And it's the twists - as well as the near perfect execution of the expected - that puts Bayona a notch above many other establishments. Also, the emphasis on seasonal, local ingredients adds to the experience. 
A recent visit started for me with the chef's legendary sweet breads - the best that I have ever tasted! I selected the sherry mustard butter preparation - just enough of the said butter to accentuated the earthiness of the perfectly pan fried veal glands (yes kids, that's what they are). A base of root vegetables and mushrooms added to overall excellence of the dish. Really, this was the best part of the meal! Dining companion's Caesar salad was a bit more generic but still a very good rendition of the classic dish. The Parmisano Regiano tossed with the greens was a perfect match for the acidity of the dressing. 
My entree of Peppered Lamb Loin with Goat Cheese and Zinfandel Sauce was nothing short of excellent - slices of tasty lamb grilled medium rare in a slightly sweet sauce that married with the slightly salty goat cheese - yum all way. Slices of fried potato served with the dish didn't really add anything but were quite good in themselves. The ladies Grilled Pork Chop with Greens, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Black Eyed Peas added a bit of sophistication to classic southern comfort food. The pork chop had slightly smokey flavor and the greens were out of this world good. 
Also of note is the excellent wine list - one of the best in the city, really. A good selection from a variety of price ranges and includes several interesting offerings. I went with a Napa Valley Rhone style bland that was medium bodied, quite spicy, a little fruity, and an overall good match for the meal. 
Skipped dessert but the list did look interesting... 
So, once again you ask where is that elusive fifth star? Well, there are a couple of issues.... 
Service was a bit slow at first (it took several minutes to be addressed by the waiter once we were seated) and bit hasty towards the end of the meal. Maybe we upset someone because we didn't order dessert? Who knows. Also, as mentioned by others, the tables are a little close together and the restaurant tends to get a little loud. 
Bottom line: An excellent choice. Ms. Spicer's cuisine does not disappoint! Though is not quite a 5-star experience it may deserve more than 4 stars (so how about that 1/2 star, Yelp?) You will leave a few bucks on the table here but no more than you will at any other of the city's higher end restaurant. Highly recommended!Good food; I hesitate to say great though.  Pork chops were slightly tough and chewy, seasoned well.  The mango salsa accompany the chops was tasty.  Creamy cauliflower soup was very good.  Creamy garlic soup was great with bold garlic flavor!  Stuffed rabbit was delicious.  Red snapper was fresh tasting and cooked appropriately.  Mango flan was amazing!!  
Service was so so.  Servers were polite, but not overly friendly.  Glad we went there once to try it.  We probably will try other restaurants the next time we visit NOLA.