We enjoyed breakfast here on a Saturday during a family weekend in New Orleans. Our usual breakfast spot was fully booked and I'd heard great things about Bearcat so we decided to give the CBD location a try and it was phenomenal in every way! 5 out of 5 on everything, coffee, service, food, and atmosphere. 
Our server was kind and knew the menu very well, she was also so patient and friendly with our kids which is always a plus. We enjoyed flat whites, the breakfast club, a spicy chicken biscuit w/ Cajun gravy, and the kid's short stack with fruit. Such yummy food! We were full and so satisfied. There is something for everyone on the menu with vegetarian, vegan, and meat options, plus a specials menu with incredible seasonal sides and special meals.
Two things I really appreciated were:  prices were right on all around with great portion sizes (you know how pretentious some places can get when the food is good and the prices are like 'whoa now,' not here); and the employees top down were genuinely welcoming, friendly, and seemed to love their job. To me, that automatically sets the tone and makes guests feel at home and want to return. 
My single regret is not sitting outside during our visit. The back patio is seriously cool and pretty. We will be back next time we visit from Baton Rouge for sure!Found Bearcat last week while walking through the neighborhood.  Went there for breakfast today. Very nice space with very large outdoor patio. Presently serving breakfast and lunch. Will start dinner service later in the month. Food and service was great. So happy to have this place around the cornerSuper cute breakfast/lunch spot. Looks small but there's a large outdoor patio seating area in the back. Staff was very professional. Excellent food. Most of our table ordered the "Hot Chicken". It was delicious. Large, generous serving size--you will be full. Would definitely come back!I went here with four people in the early afternoon. Every item we tried was amazing. Grits, chicken, biscuits, and everything else was cooked perfectly and packed with flavor.
It was a good decision, and this one worth visiting whenever we are in the city!Got here in between two breakfast rushes. Beautiful day to eat outside. Food was good. Tried the Churro Donut this would have been great had it been served hot out of the fryer vs cold.I got the keto burrito and I enjoyed it. It's egg whites, spinach, tomatoes with a keto wrap. I added bacon and avocado. It was a little small for $10. I will say that it was very soggy and drippy but pretty tasty. Overall I enjoyed it was it's very expensive for a small burrito though.Excellent service, really excellent! The buffalo sausage was memorable, but the rest was not quite so but decent. Will go back for another try.Wonderfully delicious!! I was so excited to try Bearcat CBD, i practically ran here from my hotel! 
We ordered the Cat Daddy and Steak and Egg breakfast burrito. Both were great! The Cat Daddy was a great portion size and the gravy was so tasty! The steak and egg burrito was possibly the best breakfast burrito we have ever had. It was smaller in size but the quality was outstanding. It is definitely enough to fill you, maybe get a side with it if you are feeling extra hungry. 
Also huge note to our waitress, she was so helpful, full of energy and joy - she made the experience even better! 
Stop by and eat here if you haven't already!The food was phenomenally delicious and the service was prompt and friendly. Thanks to our waiter Cody L.The brunch menu looks amazing however I went for dinner. I tried the pork belly which was pretty good. The chicken was a bit too spicy for me. Overall the atmosphere and seating was beautiful the food was ok. Not great but not bad. I would try again for brunch I think it may have been what I ordered.Don't sleep on bearcat dinner . They are known for awesome breakfast brunch / but their newish dinner service  is just as good if not better !Great food and service. Excellent safety measures and lots of outdoor seating. I eat out only rarely during the pandemic. This is a go-to because of all of the above.We had great service at Bearcat! We are vegan and asked about if the chai contained milk powder and the server told us she would check. It did end up having milk powder in it. We opted for a cortado with the house-made coconut milk. The house-made coconut milk is not to be missed!
We got the vegan pancake, vegan potatoes, and vegan rancheros. 
So good, we visited a second time while in NOLA. 
Anticipate a wait as it is a great spot for food and service.I LOVE BEARCAT! The atmosphere is amazing and earthy! I love sitting outside on the patio. The built in benches and the beautiful greenery. It's also dog friendly which I love.  The food is outstanding! It's a vegan/ vegetarian friendly restaurant with great choices! The vegan blueberry pancakes were the BOMB! They were fluffy, light, and flavorful. The fresh blueberries really make the difference. Omg the grits were amazing too, creamy, butter and thick. The perfect consistency. The scrambled eggs were creamy and fluffy as well. I cAnt rave enough about this place. The owner even walks around asking how's the service! Love love loveThe cauliflower katsu is so good it's unfair to all other food. Literally no other food will ever be as good as the cauliflower katsu here.The service was great. The appetizer bread was very average, but the butter with it tasted amazing. I got a fish appetizer and it was great. The veggies were a little salty, but went good with the fish.Absolutely delicious breakfast. Everything we ordered was a hit - chia pancakes, bacon, crispy potatoes, ribeye hash.... get there early as they don't take reservations!Food was awesome. Service was good. They seemed to be handling the covid restrictions very well. My only knock on the place is that it did take almost 20 minutes for my latte to come out, but I understand that going back to phase one has them running a light staff. Overall would definitely go back and highly recommend. And if you are into cold beverages the blackberry blue eyes is a must.I'm sitting here happily slurping my chia pudding. It's absolutely lovely and yummy. I must start working on learning how to make this pudding at home. It's so freaking good. This has granola and fruit and is just simply delish. I'm not sure there are enough superlatives in the world to describe how I feel about this chia pudding. 
I also got the bison sausage because I just simply wanted to try it. It's good but it's not on the level of the pudding at all. 
This is THE  breakfast place.Best brunch place. Love the outdoor seating! We went at 12 and they close at 2:00, walked in and was seated right away. I've been to the other location as well and had great experiences at both. Our server at this location was awesome! I had the cat daddy biscuit and I must say phenomenal! That Cajun sauce made everything that much more delicious. I also had a matcha latte that was absolutely perfect. I will definitely be back to try their other dishes.The vegan pancakes are bomb!!! The potatoes were delicious. Great customer service. It's a quaint little location. Not too far from major hotels.I was finally able to obtain a table at this popular and highly recommended NOLA brunch spot! When we arrived there was a line outside the door. Even with the new policy requiring a negative COVID test or vaccination, wait times have not improved. My friend and I waited ~45 minutes for an available table. Thankfully she lives close so we didn't have to wait in the unbearable Louisiana summer heat. I wish this place would seriously consider reservations or an advanced waitlist. I digress.
Inside the restaurant is a total aesthetic. Very light and airy feel. Super casual. Quarters are a bit tight and we were seated at a small table, but I'm glad we got any table at all. We were immediately given a bottle of water and glasses filled with the "good" ice. IYKYK. Our server showed up soon thereafter to ask what we'd like to drink besides water. I ordered an iced honey lavender latte with oat milk. It's not pictured because it wasn't much to look at. What it lacked in looks, it packed in flavor. I much preferred it to the pictured rosewater latte. You can get the lattes iced or hot. The temperature was a bit caliente today to be sipping on hot coffee, so I opted for the iced option. I ordered the Couyon Daddy brunch special. It took me to flavor town. The chicken was crunchy and well-seasoned. The creole crab dip was yummy and I'd take a side of that with some good chips or bread for dipping. I also had to have the short stack of pancakes because I heard that this place has the best pancakes in NOLA. That's a B I G statement. They didn't tell a single lie. Those pancakes were as the kids say, BUSSIN'! The service was also pretty good. My friend and I gave this place an 8/10. I'll return. When the temperature drops, I'd love to dine on the patio. It's a beautiful space from as far as I can see from the inside.Wonderful restaurant with ample Vegan options. Had both breakfast and lunch here and each was fresh and tasty.O.M.G. We would go here a million times again! Food was outstanding, unique, and fair priced. Our waiter was so helpful and hilarious as well. We recommend the Hot Daddy (Cat daddy with hot chicken). I will be dreaming about the cajun gravy tonight. They also have a donut of the day which was a churro donut for us. It was heaven. We went around 8:30 and beat the breakfast crowd. If you are in NOLA, this is a MUST!Visited this place a few times and OMGGGGG ITS DELICIOUS my family and I had brunch and we got the chicken BYU's it with the cream spinach on it THE BEST BISCUITS IVE EVER HAD FROM ANY RESTAURANT and the GRITS ARE DEAD WRONG GOOD the juices were great I would fly into New Orleans just to eat brunch here ANYDAYI came here yesterday morning around opening time. It was busy but not too crowded. I sat in their courtyard and ordered a cup of coffee, the blue crab scramble and a side of pancakes...what the hell, I'm on vacation. The food was delicious! The waiter wasn't the friendliest but he was attentive which counts for a lot. I'd recommend this place in a heartbeat and I'll be back.Very aesthetically pleasing, but that's pretty much it. Don't get me wrong, they fry food well and the eggs are cooked right, the food is decent, but there is no balance. There's fried meat/crab/oysters with fried potatoes topped with fried eggs. My arteries are clogged just looking at this photo. Everything was good, well except my Bloody Mary which wasn't very flavorful- beer selection minimal. Definite go once in your lifetime kind of place, I think I got enough cholesterol to last me the rest of my lifeOne of the "must try" places as told by the natives. It was about an hour wait for a table, which to me is a good sign. It's a smaller place with a lot of patio seating. The patio seating is nice for nice weather. If you're planning to get mimosas and sharing, I would get the bottle and OJ which comes out to $40. The food was pretty good. Beware of the extra charge for the smallest side of sauce, like pico de gallo or hot sauce. It's $2 each, which is ridiculous for the size that they give you. Other than that, the food was delicious. Orange juice, freshly squeezed was great!!The food and atmosphere were amazing! The quality and portion sizes are well worth the prices, which are a little high. The service was great as well! Everything was worth the 45 minute wait. Anddd don't let me get started on the music play list, it was Everything!!!Get the Fungus Amongous  It's amazing!! My favorite for sure! Amazing service. The manager is phenomenal!!The breakfast was delicious! Even the basic scrambled eggs had the tastiest flavor. There really is something to using quality food! Pancakes were perfectly fluffy. Rose water latte was yummy and super cute! The server was noticeably testy and uninterested but everybody has their days, I guess. Otherwise, the food is a 5-star bet for sure!This restaurant claims they're gluten free but they do not have gluten free bread. The menu said they had gluten free wraps but when I ordered, the waitress said they got rid of them because gluten free wraps don't taste good. We all know that gluten free wraps aren't the best but for people with celiac, they don't have the option to not use them.Wow! Some of the best food I've ever eaten in my life. Got the Cat Daddy and wow. Service was great. Asia did a great job waiting on our table and wow.What a gem!!!! We stopped for a final meal in NOLA after 8 days here and wish we had come here earlier. Fantastic menu and everything was amazing. I had scallops & grits with fried oysters and. Ridge the had the Cat Daddy which may have had the best piece of fried chicken I've ever eaten. The London Fog tea concoction was exceptional. This is a must when in the area next time.Wow. This place has it all. Excellent food, a great drink menu, stellar service, an accomodating menu for those with dietary restrictions, and more. I have been here and to the Uptown location several times and do not know why it took me so long to review it. I wish there was a distinction between five-star reviews and five-star-plus reviews because this place really is a step above most other good restaurants in the city.
I have tended to come here for breakfast and brunch, so those are the menus I am most familiar with. The milk oolong is extraordinary and a go-to whenever I come. Foodwise, I have tried things from both the vegan options and the seafood options but prefer to stick with the latter. You wouldn't expect it from a hip brunch place, but the shrimp and grits here are the best I've had since moving to the city five years ago. The standard menu is full of great options, but the specials are where the food really shines. The Crab Daddy and Crab Couyon are divine. The potatoes are another standout that are worth getting either as an appetizer or a side regardless of what your meal is.
The only critique I have of this place is the noise. I am so glad they are busy, but the CBD location is often way too loud. I had to repeat myself and ask others to repeat themselves several times at our visit yesterday. The Uptown location is much better, though there is less seating. 
I was almost hesitant to write a good review because another downside is that they do not take reservations and a wait is almost always to be expected, even on days with bad weather. While I don't like waiting, the fact that you have to is an indication of the quality, and it would be selfish to keep such good food to myself.Fabulous vegan options!  Everything was enjoyable, the atmosphere, the food and the service.  Thank you Jaime C.  
We were sad the line was too long to wait for a table on Saturday morning as we had a plane to catch.  We'll catch you the next time we are in NOLA!Great food! Awesome staff!! Real chill vibe! Came to Nola for a weekend getaway and stumbled on to this place! All staff were great very welcoming and knowledgeable of the menu! Must try the vegan queso!!Great food, good service & good vibes. The ambience was chill, loved everything about this place. Prepare to wait a while, like a lot while. But it was worth the wait. We came during brunch on a Sunday. Found this gem thru Yelp. I ordered the mushroom scramble with white & veggies with a side of paleo pancakes & the hubby ordered the chicken plate. The waiter was so cool he gave us their handmade tea. I also got the mocha latte with almond milk & hubby got the chai latte. Everything was so good, just the potatoes were too salty.First of all, I've never been to bearcat bc I was told they don't have a liquor license. BC what's brunch with no bloody Mary's? Let it be known that the Bearcat on CBD does serve alcohol. They're food was amazing. We had the cat daddy, buffalo cauliflower, Xiong mao noodles.   Surprisingly, the Xiong mao noodles were the best. I' ll definitely be returningThis restaurant is amazing! My friend and I came yesterday evening, and we both follow a plant-based diet (I allow myself a monthly dairy cheat if I want it). We ordered the vegan burger, the garlic noodles, the dry-fried green beans with tofu and garlic, and the crunchy potatoes. My friend didn't feel well to her stomach so I ended up eating smorgasbord by myself, and it was fantastic! 
The caramelized onions on the burger were so good (rest of the burger great was, too, but those onions)!  They came with crunchy/crispy potatoes (which we also ordered a side of), and, well, save for maybe two bites, I ended up happily eating them all (though sad that my friend was missing out). The green beans with tofu were fantastic. Every part of it I want to eat again. I also had a cocktail that was their take on a pina colada that was creative and very tasty.
Also, important to note that the restaurant has amazing outdoor seating, and the staff was very nice and helpful, including when we needed to leave early.Started my day off with two fried lobster tails and a sunny-side egg, so I won at life. No wait to be seated during peak breakfast hours and a diverse clientele. Plus I had my first lavender honey latte, which was delightful. Great service and quick turnaround on our orders.First time visiting a Bearcat, was not disappointed! I had the Hot Rob and will definitely have it again the next time I visit. It's a nice location with a great outdoor seating area in the back. We will be visiting again!Amazing! You must have the potatoes with breakfast -they are to die for. The potatoes are crispy with house made garlic oil and Cajun spice.With all the great food in New Orleans, I was looking for something delicious and creative. Man did I hit the jackpot at Bearcat! This was some of the most flavor filled food I have eaten here. Beautifully presented for breakfast or brunch, you won't be disappointed with their offerings for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters too!  It's a perfect spot for your entire group!  And they bottle their own teas!
Just an all around winner in New Orleans CBD. Not to be missed!I went to this bearcat place when the wait uptown was 45+ minutes. Great place! Parking is a little rough. I ordered the chai and pancakes and they were greatThe food is amazing, the staff is super friendly and efficient. The outdoor seating is very peaceful. Definitely recommend!I decided to pop in to this spot for breakfast on my last day in New Orleans. Side note: if you ever go to NO at Mardi Gras time - go for breakfast the morning after the parades, you'll have every place to yourself. 
Ok, Bearcat - to start, I chose the place mainly because it had the same name as my high school mascot. I didn't understand what a bearcat was then, and I don't really now except that it's a cross between a bear and a cat. But like... why? Anyways - you have to embrace these things sometimes, and the logo was cute. Similarly, the interior of the restaurant is near, clean, and super modern. 
For breakfast I got a coffee (one free refill only - not in love with that), and I got a small plate of goat balls as well as the brisket hash. Don't judge me - work was paying.
The goat balls were really interesting - boudin sausage balls plated with a central dollop of goat cheese and dressed with breakfast syrup. The flavor combination of the sausage, cheese, and syrup was so good - really enjoyed it and would recommend. 
On to the breakfast hash - this was an egg in the hole on top of a bed of brisket hash, accompanied by breakfast potatoes on their own bed of mornay cheese sauce. The standout on this dish was, surprisingly, the potatoes. It's so rare to see REALLY crispy potatoes, and this place had them. And the combination of the cheese sauce - YUM.
My cons - the texture of both the sausage balls and brisket hash were not super appealing. The exterior of the balls (sorry) was crispy but interior was really mushy. Same with the brisket, which in addition I found to be not that flavorful. Brisket should have been the star of that dish, and it was a letdown. 
And despite the place being pretty quiet, I had time to write this review while waiting for my check. So that took a minute. :)
All in all though, a good breakfast.So this is by far my newest favorite restaurant in the CBD. I've been three times in the past month and just can't seem to get enough of it. My favorite appetizer is the buffalo cauliflower. Flashed fried with a nice and tangy sauce to compliment it, you can't go wrong here. I think the salmon on the bad cat menu is probably my favorite entree I've tried so far but I still have so much to try. Everyone at the table had nothing but great things to say about the place. I'm grateful for this newest addition to the neighborhood! Way to go BearCat!I rarely write reviews but after what I have experienced in the last hour I had to.
I am visiting New Orleans for my birthday and anniversary with my girlfriend. This place happened to be a block right down from where our Airbnb was. We walked by and noticed an amazing smell.
The next day we decided to give it a try. My girlfriend got the Bearcat (standard eggs, bacon, potatoes)  The potatoes were incredible. I am a huge fan of five guys cajun fries and these were so similar. I absolutely loved them. Bacon was not too crispy but not too soft. Eggs looked like a spiral. It was all perfection. 
I ordered the Brisket Hash. This was the best breakfast I've had in a very long time. I usually am the type to just get eggs, bacon, and toast. I love smoked brisket and usually prefer it that way, but Bearcats roasted brisket was an absolute treat for my tastebuds. On top of the brisket was egg in a hole which is one of my favorite things to make at home. I don't know what kind of sauce they used with the brisket but it just worked incredibly together. 
They serve their own freshly squeezed orange juice... it was a little pricey (in my opinion) but at the same time it was worth it. 
Cortado was strong and delicious.
Mugs and plates were unique and makes Bearcat a special place. 
Atmosphere and Service was great! 
If I ever find myself in New Orleans again I will surely make my way back to BearcatTried this restaurant for breakfast when we were in New Orleans for the day. The breakfast, coffee and lemonades were delicious! Will be back next time we're driving through.Great food and atmosphere, we had the cat daddy and others . All great also the fresh squeezed juiceThis restaurant was brought to my attention by NOLA locals. We came for brunch during pre-covid so I'm not sure about there current policy. This spot is on the smaller side. The food is delicious and on the creative side. I recommend for a first time Nola stop or a casual regular.The food is always good! Service is always A-1, the wait is sometimes a bother but it's to be expected at a place like Beercat. I always recommend to Vegans as well as non vegans!Are you a good cat or a bad cat?! *meow*
I can confidently say that this is one of the best breakfast spot in New Orleans. It's the perfect combination of boujee, comfortable and scrumptious. You can stop reading reviews now, this is your brunch spot now! 
So many great things to say... let me keep it to the point:
* Solid coffee and tea -- latte and London fog are delightful. 
* Vegan, Vegetarian, Gluten-Free, Keto, and basic meat eaters -- all have amazing options
* Super nice outdoor seating patio in the back -- well-behaved dogs are allowed in the patio
* Bar -- grab a morning cocktail-- espresso martini is great
* Wait time is usually shorter than uptown location
* Service is always fantastic!
As a vegetarian, I usually go for Vegan Bearcat and Vegan Quesadilla. Even my non-vegan friends love the quesadilla. My non-vegan friends also love the Hot Chicken Sandwich.great customer service,  fast delivery of food, very clean, everything was fresh,  food was delicious,  big outdoor courtyard, this is soon to be my new favorite spot5 stars does not give this place enough credit! I have wrote about the ferret location but the CBD location is my go to for the beautiful outside seating. My visit this time was great and we had the seating outside to ourself. The juices/tea are fresh in house and the food just has a unique touch that has me always coming back. The hot rob is a really great choice I have been to bear cat a few times and always ordered the hot rob! Anything on the menu will not disappoint.I already was in love with Bearcat but ya girl went to the new CBD location yesterday. And y'all when I tell you a vibeee!! There was a small wait so I went a grabbed a shot at the bar, and the bartender got our experience off on the right foot. Our waitress was amazing. She recommended the Hot Rob with the lobster tail, and my friend is vegan so she had the perfect suggestion for him as well. The music was amazing, the service was everything, and the fooooooood was on Yes Lort!! I would highly recommend Bearcat to anyone anytime.Where do I start, this was hands down, the best experience I've  had in a while. They provided an amazing ambiance with the food to match. My significant other and I were thoroughly pleased. She ordered the cat daddy which was a fried chicken patty topped with two sunny side up eggs. I had the crab omelet with the crispy potatoes. We also had the blueberry pancakes with blueberry syrup. There were real blueberries baked in the pancakes. I am 6'5 317lbs man and I had to take a to go box so without saying the portion size were generous and let's not forget Michael. As the name suggests he was an angel. He explained the whole menu without us asking. He met and surpassed all of our expectations. My only regret is that I can't give this place more starts. Please visit and experience this for yourselves.I've been to Bearcat before but this was my first time going to the CBD location. It was what I expected from Bearcat to be honest. 
I started with a crab dip as my appetizer; the chips had really great flavor and were still warm. The dip itself was fantastic no complaints just loads of crab and cheese! 
The Couyon Daddy was my selection for the main entree. It was a open face biscuit (from scratch) with a chicken thigh or breast on top with that same crab dip; and a over easy egg! Couldn't ask for more lol every part of the dish was well executed and all of the flavors married together harmoniously. 
10/10 would recommend. 
Side note: the $5 beer and shot was a deal not many places offer that so it was much appreciated.Very popular place 
The size of my plate was very big.
Vegan options 
 Nice patio 
Good serviceIf you want to come to eat, I suggest you plan accordingly. The wait time is super long but it's worth it!!  They have a variety of choices for each plate. gluten free, vegan, vegetarian! It was delicious!I got the Bearcat breakfast to go  w/ an over easy egg that was cooked perfectly, and the paleo pancake that was absolutely delicious! I will defiantly be backThe service, atmosphere and food are all amazing. The staff is very knowledgeable about the menu items making it easy to make decisions as a vegan.Great brunch spot, but will be a wait on the weekends. the only downside of this place is that they do not take reservations and service is slow. Seemed like we  lost a half day going there. the pancakes are excellent as well as the mushroom omelet. The server convinced the one person of the 4 that didn't get potatoes with their meal to order them. Not one was touched as the portions with the meals were quite generous. 
Had a churro donut too which was good but very sweet. Yes, I know its a donut.AMAZING! The reviews are spot on. Please do yourself a favor and stop here for breakfast or brunch. There are options for everyone's eating preference. The food was delicious and the vibe outside with the music made me not want to leave. If you have the opportunity to sit outside you won't regret it. It was a bit cool while we were there but after feeling the vibes it didn't even matter. Service was great too. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Came here because another place we went had too long of a wait. It was the best decision we could have made. We will definitely be back!I was told the wait would be an hour and it took 1.5 hours to get a table. When we were finally seated we ordered immediately and the food took 45 minutes to come. I have never in my life waited that long to get food, and with no apology from the waitress. She didn't give us much attention and did not come to check in on us at all. Do not come here if you have any other plans during the day! The lemonade was good and the food was pretty good but not a place to go if you've got other stuff going on during the dayOMG! That was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Everything, literally everything was top notch! Vegan Chai pancakes with candied pecans and pumpkin spice cream cheese. Home made biscuits with crawfish ettouffee gravy, and Nashville style hot chicken. Our server Cody was fantastic!Best breakfast in NOLA. Great menu and service, very friendly staff. I don't think they take reservations so get there early or be prepared to wait.We usually frequent Willa Jean or Bittersweet for breakfast but our friend David at AG kept telling us how good Bearcat was and so we decided to try it out.  We are so glad we did!  From the very start we were amazed with the large portions and high quality.  The coffee is stout and we LOVED IT!  Everything we tried in fact we loved.  We actually ordered twice as much as we could eat (and took a lot to go) but loved every bite.  The crawfish biscuit and gravy and the pancakes were the best we've had in Nola.  We will be back soon and this place will be in our Nola top 5 for brunch!I mean... by now the entire New Orleans knows or at least heard of this place right? Before they opened the new location in CBD, I heard so much about their original location and always wanted to give it a try. I am not a vegan or vegetarian but always have been open to the idea. Unfortunately my daily commute mode choice is walking so when I heard that bearcat was opening a new restaurant in my neighborhood, I was seriously so pumped. 
We made our visit on the weekend at around 2:30pm and we were surprised that the restaurant was still busy even though it was slightly late for lunch hour. We still got seated right away and was taken  care of. I really liked that their menu was split into Veg friendly (namely Good cat) and non Veg menu (Bad cat). We ordered cauliflower wings, tofu ranchero and salmon  plate. Cannot complain about any of them as they were all excellent. Service was slightly slow but not bad at all. I Look forward to coming back and try other dishes on the menu. Welcome to the neighborhood!!! 
They have a  HUGE patio so I can't wait for a good weather day  to go sit outside!We ordered out, and everything was hot, delicious, and in good portions. They were able to accommodate my food intolerances with no problem, and even made me an excellent dairy-free gluten-free dessert! This is one of the best restaurants I have eaten from in a long time!Had such a nice brunch here with my mom a few weeks ago. There was a about an hour wait, but we were able to walk around the neighborhood until our table was ready. The hostess was really nice and apologetic about the wait. When we sat down, we were immediately served and given a wide array of drink options, my mom even trying the lavender latte, which was great. Unfortunately we were dining in the early afternoon so the pastry of that day had run out, but that is to be expected at such a popular place. I ended up getting the Bearcat breakfast with bison sausage, over medium eggs, and potatoes, all of which were great. My mom had one of the breakfast sandwiches and tried cauliflower grits which were also unique and delicious. Would highly recommend, very worth the wait. Can't wait to go back and try more!Be prepared to wait. A party of 4 was 1hour. Waiting is fine outside the restaurant. Most people just crowd around on the side walk in front the building. Once called there is indoor and out door seating. Outdoor seating is much larger than indoors. The menu is a wide range from vegan to bacon and everything in between. 
The food was delicious and fresh. The eggs are cracked eggs instead of liquid eggs. Their kids menu was very kid friendly as my 2yr old was able to feed herself and the side of fruit was a plus! Will definitely be backOne word STUFFED! I tried and tried but I just couldn't finish. I found Bearcat from a local Instagram she tends to go every week but to the uptown location. Since I got off early I wanted to get it a try and experience a "Sunday Brunch" without all the crowd so I headed to the CBD where they have a full bar and man was it a great choice. 
Now I was lead astray by other helpers saying there was parking  totally not true unless your paying to park in the garages a food the street or the pay to park down the street keep that in mind when you come. Now I love the vibe I mean love. placed with window grab my heart perfect for Selfies with the natural light. It was a Friday morning so they weren't too busy for me I always say that there is an outside area perfect when the weather is a tad bit warmer or if you don't mind a little chill. Whether your alone or in a group they have you covered(take reservations first party's of 7 or more) sitting at the bar or nice 1-2 person seating. The vibe is great tons of people around but still quiet enough if you're doing work you can concentrate. 
Let's get into the good stuff the FOOD! Now I came to have brunch and get that whole experience and I did just that starting with a mimosa the bartender was great the orange juice to champagne was the perfect ratio. As I scrolled and scrolled the menu I saw so much that I wanted that I have to come back. The special caught my eye and since their only here for a short time I'll be back soon! I got the traditional Bearcat Breakfast (eggs, potatoes, sausage in pancakes) now when you first look it's like oh yeah I can finish this but I was surely  WRONG! It was way more food than I expected and all better with each bite potatoes seasoned and fried crispy sausage was nice and savory and the perfectly sweet syrup gave me everything I needed. Since it was the middle of the day it was no need to get boozed I decided to skip my second drink and get and apple juice. Apples to oranges they say well I've had Apple Juice and I'll say this isn't your store-bought wayyyyy better fresh and savory it's truly the best apple juice every if I could buy it by the jug I would. 
Safe to say I had a great time I'll be back for that lobster crab soon.Excellent service. Delicious. Quality. Great range of cuisine from vegan to non-vegetarian. Great selection of coffees, teas, house made juices. Beautiful space with the option for outdoor, covered dining; perfect for the pandemic. Definitely worth the wait for brunch. Will be back. Highly recommended.Yum!  Not in the heart of the French quarter but still walking distance from our hotel - and well worth the trip. The food was so delish!  We walked in and got a table immediately. Our server, Jill, was attentive and super nice.
Out of all the breakfast/brunch places that we went to, this was by far our favorite. We came to Nola to eat and went to a bunch of the more well know places but Bearcat was still our favorite. It was so good that I ended up taking a 3 hour nap afterwards because I ate so much! 
Make this your #1 brunch place if you visit Nola. I promise it's worth it.Amazing brunch spot in the CBD! The menu and food are the same as their uptown location and just as incredible!  However, this location is much bigger and can accommodate the high demand that bearcat consistently has. I have never gone to the uptown location without waiting at least 30 minutes. When we went here we were sat right away which was so exciting! The outdoor area is beautiful. Another big plus of this location is they have a full bar in addition to their normal bottled drinks. 
I definitely recommend going to this location over the uptown one but both locations have the best breakfast food you'll have in NOLA!!Overheard from a local barista that the Hot Daddy was the best breakfast he has ever had in NOLA.  We ordered 2 and polished them clean.  Deeeeeelish!! Savory, filling, salted just right, and downright flavorful.  From Cali to NOLA, thank you BearCat for doing it right!I absolutely love Bearcat Uptown, it's my favorite brunch place in Nola thus far, but we ventured out to the CBD location for the first time. The hostess had the absolute worst attitude I've ever encountered and it felt as though she was targeting us especially. Only a partial part of our party was ready and we couldn't be seated until the whole party was present, which we understood but the hostess snapped at my mother to wait outside before she could tell them we were parking. When we finally all arrived, we were greeted with a cold glare and hostility. She proceeded to not walk us to our table but rather point to our table as if we were dogs and she was our owner telling us to fetch. 
My little sister, stubborn as she is, only eats McDonald's happy meals and will go the entire day without eating if she doesn't have it. So we didn't think it would be a problem as 5/6 of the party would be ordering from the restaurant. The hostess made it a point to go to our table across the restaurant from the hostess stand to say outside food was not allowed. We asked our waitress, who was amazing, and she said it was fine. But at that point our little sister had to hurry up and finish her happy meal in the car outside. Since then, the hostess continued to eye us down and watch our every move which was extremely rude. 
Overall, we love Bearcat and will continue to go, but probably not at this location. If anyone runs into the hostess with a top bun and hoop earrings, just be ready for an unwelcoming visit.Went for brunch on a Saturday. Arrived around 10:30am and had a little over an hour wait. Once at our table, the waiter was very attentive and took his time explaining the menu. We ordered the shrimp and grits along with a stack of blueberry pancakes. The food, atmosphere, and service was great!