Enjoyed a great dinner this evening.  Penne a la Vodka was out of this world.  The owner was working the bar and came over to talk with us.  Talked us into ordering dessert.  I enjoyed a slice of the best carrot cake I have ever had.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  You will not regret it!This is far and away the best pizza and Italian food I have had in New Orleans. I am originally from New Jersey and have been in New Orleans for 6 years. I had given up hope of ever getting a good slice of pizza or correctly made chicken parmigiana. A friend from New Jersey told me about this place.
In his words, "I ate 6 slices before I could comprehend what was happening."
He was quickly proved right. I went with a group of friends. I started with the pasta e fagioli soup. Tasted just like I hoped it would although with some meat in it.
We had some garlic knots for the table. They were perfect.
Next we had a cheese pizza. By far the best pizza I have had south of the Mason-Dixon line. I feel so sorry for the people who have fallen for the hype of 'pizza disappointment' over in the Bywater. This is what pizza tastes like. Simple ingredients. Made correctly. It had bubbles in it. Really, I want to stand in front of that place in the Bywater with a sign pleading for people not to subject themselves to that imitation crap and come to Bei Tempi instead.
Next I had the chicken parmigiana. I wasn't expecting much, as no place in New Orleans had ever served it to me correctly before. This was GREAT. The sauce and the cheese were spot on and the chicken was cooked properly. Finally! Real red sauce in New Orleans. One of fellow diners (from the south), told me that she doesn't like chicken parm. I told her to try it anyway. After that first bite, the look on her face said it all. I explained to her that the reason she didn't like chicken parm, is that she never had it made correctly before. She agreed, and ate more.
We finished off our meal with a cannoli and pumpkin cheesecake. The cannoli was excellent. It made the cannoli at Brocato's seem like frozen store-bought junk in comparison. (sorry Brocato's, I love you). The pumpkin cheesecake was massive and delicious.
But the story doesn't end there. As soon as I told a friend about it, she insisted we go. So 2 hours later, I was back. Being full doesn't matter when food is this good, especially when it is food this city has been starved of.
Again, we started with the garlic rolls. Excellent.
Next, I had the veal parm sub. It tasted exactly how it should, although I admit I liked the chicken better.
We finished off our second dinner with the zeppolis. They tasted just like they would back in Jersey. I cannot praise this place highly enough. New Orleans finally has an Italian restaurant that pretty much replicates the experience of going out for basic Italian food in the New York area.
Also, the staff was great! They were so nice and helpful. Free Valet parking in the garage too!Amazing Italian fare at an unassuming location really caught us by surprise.  The food and service was excellent. The chef who also owns the restaurant came out to chat with us and offered to make us some of his famous desserts. We accepted the challenge and it was delicious. Thanks for the good times!Giving this one two stars for the complete lack of service and poor management. On both occasions service was slow and ineffective, and sometimes your dish never shows up. When they have all ingredients necessary to make a pizza, it's great. If your up for a challenging dining experience this is your place. If you'd rather something more predictable and delicious, keep looking.This place was in walking distance from my hotel. Suggested by one of the staff. The claim to fame for this place is the 7 day happy hour from 4pm - 7pm. It's 2 for 1 on any alcoholic beverage. If you buy a bottle of wine you will get one for free and the same goes for any mixed or straight drinks. The wait staff was excellent with Randi and Dennis. Both were really hospitable and very cool. Also this place has about 5 TVs throughout and not a bad seat in the house. I ordered the appetizers fried calamari which was excellent, the fried eggplant which was excellent as well. The mozzerella sticks were decent. Not good and not bad but in between. If you like to drink this is an excellent spot. Would definitely recommend for drinks and appetizers!! I endorse this spotBad service from start to finish- we came at 130 and didn't get our food for over an hour. They forgot to put our order in, then tried to offer salads as an apology (which was nice), but by then we just wanted our food, or drinks, or water refill....Entree order came out wrong- had to wait another 10 minutes while they fixed it. Food was ok, which is reason for 2 stars, but service really bad- all the employees just seemed like they didn't really care.I am a fan.  Local pizza place making great traditional NY style pizza (or as close as we can get in NOLA) and calzones that are guaranteed to leave you completely stuffed!  The food quality is quite good, the delivery is the best!  I used to order from another local pizza place when I wanted a pizza, now 100% of the time when I order delivery its from here.   Keep up the good work!Was in town for a conference and this place was close to the convention center. The service was slow because they were understaffed, but they were very friendly. We has the Fra Diavalo fetuccini dish with lobster, clams, shrimp, calamari and oysters. It was delicious. We would definitely have it again.My boyfriend and I were looking for a great Italian restaurant that had TVs so we could watch our SF Giants play against the Dodgers while we dined.  This place fit the bill!  We sat at the bar to eat and the bartender was very friendly and attentive.  The food was delicious and the Butterfinger cheesecake at the end of the meal was divine!  We would definitely come back here!So delicious! Got the lasagna and it comes with garlic knots and salad and it's only $13! The cook is an actual Italian so the food has a distinct/authentic flavor.The food here was great! It was right next to the convention center and a great casual place for lunch. The garlic knots were delicious, loaded in butter and garlic seasoning. My personal favorite was the meatballs, defiantly order a side they are 3 to an order and HUGE. They come with plenty of sauce and melted cheese on top.This is my favorite lunch spot near my job.  
The pizza is perfect...toppings, crust, seasoning...YUM!
Aside from the pizza, I love the Caesar salad with grilled shrimp.  Considering that I am not a big salad eater, this says a lot.  The lettuce is crisp, the shrimp well-seasoned and plump, and the dressing rich and creamy.
When dining in, the service can be too long for a quick lunch, but the food has always been worth the wait.Good food that is within walking distance of the convention center. I ordered the side of meatballs ($6). I have no idea how this was a side because out of the kitchen came three gigantic meatballs that were the size of a tennis ball. There was a pile of melted cheese on the side, all sunken into a pool of marinara sauce. This is how I imagine my Italian meals to be.
The garlic rolls are buttery and delicious. There's butter that pools at the bottom, just the way I like it.Amazing meatball parmigiana great prices, awesome beers and you must go see Mia in the bar!! If I wasn't from California this would be my spot.Found this spot after seeking a lower key place to hide from the conference center. If you're from the NY area, do not expect amazing Italian. But with that said, it's pleasantly decent for what you pay for. I absolutely adore that they serve you Prosecco in a Stella glass.So 55 minutes into my meal and I've received my salad which was fine and my cold entree. I sent it back and my server seemed shocked. Sorry Vinnie but it was probably sitting for 20 minutes. They reheated the food I sent back and reserved it to me. Service and quality is lacking here. I wasn't even privy to my bill being handed to me in a sleeve. Just a slip of paper.I may have high standards as an Italian from NY but this place was not great. Their red sauce was actually very tasty. Garlic bread was soft and gross, chicken parm decent, mozzarella sticks are very good. I would say pass. They still get 3 stars because some items were decent but I may be biased.They deliver.  To your hotel.  And it's great food!  Background:  I got sick while in New Orleans - boo!  Bad cold - miserable, and sad that I was missing out on great times in the Big Easy.  I Yelped for a delivery place and this popped up.  I got the penne with broccoli and shrimp, garlic knots, salad and a piece of cheesecake.  Made this sick girl feel much better.  The bread and cheesecake were amazing.  The pasta and salad were good.  I would order from them again.After two visits here, once for dinner last winter and once recently for lunch, I'd say that Bei Tempi is a fairly decent restaurant. Granted, there aren't a ton of dining options around the conference center area, for which they're probably eternally grateful, but they basically hold their own.
During my first visit, I came in strictly for the pizza since I was carb-loading for a half marathon. The small bar was full but I did get a table near the window to ponder my options. Naturally, I went with their meat lovers pie, which I would put somewhere in the middle of my rating scale. Good, but not great, especially for the $18.95 price tag.
For my lunchtime visit, I changed it up and ordered their Original Flatbread lunch special, which had chicken, tomatoes and onions and came with a drink. Once again, it was good, but nothing to get excited about.
If there is an area where they can improve, it's with the service. Not that it was bad, but it was so scattered on their employees' designated responsibilities. The bartender left the bar to play hostess and show people to their tables and the actual hostess was playing part-time server. I'm not sure if it was simply an understaffing issue during my visit, but when I finally had to grab the bartender, who was out of the floor for about ten minutes at a time, just to ask him if I could finally place my lunch order, something just ain't right.
One last minor thing I found amusing: they are self-described as a "sports bar?" If that simply means three TV screens above the small bar tuned to ESPN, then the traditional definition I'm accustomed to has definitely been modified here. Umm, not quite.The service, drinks, and food were all top notch. When you walk into the restaurant you wouldn't expect the quality that you receive . The quality of each category including the food was truly exceptional. My husband and I get food from all over the city and beyond and this place will forever stand out in our minds...we will be back. The restaurant was clean, the presentation along with taste was wonderful! Our wait staff, the owners and each employee went out of their way to make us feel welcome and appreciated- we each certainly left feeling that way! Great job to everyone involved! We will speak highly of anyone we meet and certainly be back!!!This place is absolutely delicious and the owner is very kind. I watched my pizza be made in front of me, which I've never had that experience before. 
Try the garlic cheese bread. It's absolutely amazing. This place is also the only restaurant that's open sort of late on weekdays (11pm). I flew in from Cali for my 21st & was starving so we saw this place and decided to try it. They have the best Italian food I've ever tasted. 10x better than Olive Garden. The owner chatted us up & told us some very handy knowledge and precautions to take before we go to the world famous Bourbon Street. We listened. Not a lot of locals would do that. 
If you ever get a chance to meet the owner, chat him up. He's a very nice guy & makes amazingly scrumptious food too :]Seriously, a Must!!! This place is a hidden gem! Authentic Italian good, amazing staff and just a wonderful experience!! Order dessert too, seriously the Best Tiramisu and Zeppoli with rum pecan dipping sauce I've ever had! You won't be sorry!There would have been 4 or 5 stars if it hadn't been for the slow and inconsistent service. Let me say, the food was phenomenal! The penne a la vodka, the fettuccine Alfredo was incredible, and the garlic knots were heaven. However, one member of our party of 5 waited 15 minutes for his food after ours was brought out (waitress claiming someone ordered the same thing and grabbed his by accident, which I didn't believe because how many people order a vegetarian pizza with chicken added on a pretty slow seeming night in the restaurant?) and then another member of our party ordered a single slice of pizza which took so long/was forgotten about, that she packed it to go. Granted they took it off the check, but still, a slice of pizza should take a few minutes at most, and if they needed to prepare a fresh pie, it could have been communicated better. All in all, not bad, maybe next time I'll order all to go so I can enjoy my full meal in peace.I'm being generous with 2 stars.  This place sort of sucks.  I am guessing they make it work with the regular adjacent convention center traffic.  While the greeter and location are great, it falls apart from there.  The service was quite spotty and candidly the food was pretty awful.  I had the pork chop with side pasta and a vegetable.  The pork chop was oversmothered in a heavy, salty brown wine sauce that also was what the pasta was covered with as well.  Too much!!!  The vegetable was a frozen set of squash and broccoli like you'd buy in the grocery store.  The garlic bread was a plate of biscuit-like rolls doused in butter.  The kids' pasta was poorly done (I've done WAY better at home with limited skills) and my wife's veal was significantly over breaded and had the same sorry frozen veggie side.
To boot, with 2 glasses of wine, this cost me $90.  Wow, that was an expensive sucky meal.Good food, good service.  Great value.  $10 pitchers of beer.  Giant delicious pizza.  And garlic bread rolls that are out of this world.  We are happy customers and will be back.Great food.. Pizza is awsome. Fast and gear service. Thank you to our great bartender Jazmine.BLUF:  I love this style of pizza, thin but not too thin, quality ingredients and oregano.  4 star food with 3 star atmosphere.
I really do love this style of pizza.  it reminds me of NYC pizza but a true new yorker would probably slap me.  I think a true pizza is first judged by getting a plain cheese.  It that passes the test you can venture out if you go back.  I really liked the plain cheese here.  We split a large but I think I could have eaten the whole thing myself.  I really really liked it.  Oregano really makes a difference.
We also got the portabello mushrooom appetizer.  It was really good but not my style.  My lady really liked it.  
Service was average to struggling. Overall the atmosphere doesnt fit the food.  It is like sports bar but with good food.  Families at one table and local drinkers at the bar.  CBD needed a pizza place though.  It is just weird cuz I dont think the atmosphere is worthy of the food.  
(They deliver so hopefully they deliver all the way to my neighborhood)When I first tried this pizza, I thought it was amazing. I am from NY so I know pizza. The chef who owns it is from NY as well, but he is not the only one who cooks the pizza. A few times I have ordered the pizza has been completely burnt on the bottom. Calzone was burnt as well. Good go to place if you're looking for a really quick slice but would definitely recommend magazine pizza over this place. It's just too inconsistent for me.This is an Italian place with a small bar but a good size area for tables. The show football games there and they have a pool table. It is directly behind the FedEx store across the street from the atrium area of the convention center. 
The food is ok. Not great but not the worst either. Given its location it is great for people attending meeting at the convention center. I had 2 slices of pizza, an ice tea, and a side of meatballs. There are 3 meatballs to a side and they are good size. The people were friendly and the food came out quickly.Garlic rolls are the best rolls I've had in my life ! The significant other said it was to garlicky for him. (Yet he still ate three rolls)
We shared the "Tour of Italy." Heaping helping of veal & eggplant parmigiana alongside penne and meatballs. Omg, I felt like this dish was enough to feed four elderly ladies! Okay, I exaggerate. Definitely enough to feed three. 
Besides the large serving (plus your choice of soup or salad) it was well priced (17$) and tasted fresh! I am not a fan of red sauce at all but I liked this enough to keep eating. I just have to say, again, that the red sauce is different.
I wanted to get two slices of pizza! Because you can do that here! However, you can't have just any slice of pizza and I don't know which ones you can get as slices.. The beau decided we would get a small half and half pizza (mama's special and meat lovers). Pizza crust is amazing ! It was airy and chewy but crunchy. Idk, just delicious 
The layout of the restaurant is great for large parties. Also, the menu is so big I don't see how anyone can't find something they'll like. 
1 star for offering slice pizza 
1 star for freshness
1 star for garlic rolls
Quick tip, if you get the eggplant parmigiana, ask if they can put the eggplant on top of the sauce. It gets to soggy for me.Simply amazing. We used a groupon to try it out and we will definitely be back. The service was so great and they were vey friendly. Our food was so great!!! I don't think you could go wrong ordering anything here. Their garlic rolls are to DIE for!!!!!!!!I didn't expect too much from this sort of nondescript place across from the convention center, but they made one of the best salads I think I've ever had. Extremely fresh, high-quality ingredients, very tasty. Chicken was tender and juicy, seasoned just right. Awesome selection of entrees, pizza and sandwiches, and their garlic rolls are wonderful. Wasn't busy at all during the lunch hour I visited. Seems like something of a hidden gem. Planning to visit again for dinner to try one of the entrees.Unexpectedly WONDERFUL! 
We came here for a less-rowdy, hopefully not too crowded dinner spot close to our hotel while here for PittCon. Instead we had incredible dinners and desserts AND a singing waiter, Vinny, with the voice of an Angel. Are you kidding me??? I did not expect this in NOLA at a random business dinner with colleagues. What a sweet surprise. 
As many others have stated, their garlic rolls are homemade, yummy, hot buttery garlicky goodness. The menu is extensive with so many tempting options. It would take a long time to review each dish so let me sum it up. Our group ordered the Mama's Original pizza, Veal Marsala, Chicken a la Bei Tempi, Seafood platter, Shrimp Marinara, salads and soup. All excellent and large portions with quality ingredients. So Good. 
The desserts are wildly delicious and H.U.G.E. The owner makes his own tiramisu and cheesecakes, too. We ordered one order of Tiramisu and one slice of Butterfinger cheesecake. Enough for 5-10 people easily! Bring on the spoons and dig in, people!
I am willing to bet most visitors to NOLA do not think of Italian food when they think of dining options here, but think twice and try this place out for dinner or lunch. They are right across the street from the convention center. 
We are planning to go back this week!Absolutely amazing food. Horrible service! !!!
I sat at the bar and owner and his wife were busy talking to my bartender while I waited and had to BEG for service.The garlic rolls they brought for appetizer was so delicious. I ordered shrimp scampi, it was so delicious, it's not your typical shrimp scamp but I still love the dish. The place is huge, they have flatscreen to watch in the bar or while eating.What a great find! Quality food, reasonable prices, great location (at least for me) I will defiantly be back again and again. Thanks to the W for the suggestions!Like so many others was tired of eating the convention fare and wanted to get out and sample New Orleans cuisine for lunch - did I make a mistake going to Bei Tempei!! Should have stood in the line for Cochon Butcher, but was too impatient. Paid for that one!! First, they got to get their entrances fixed - one door that clearly said entrance was locked and several folks (including me) tried to get in through that door. Second, the interior isn't much - not Italian, not New Orleans - I'm not sure what it is.  Then what's with not having Peroni - I can understand not on tap, but not bottles of Peroni in an Italian restaurant....The menu has the usual and has some lunch offerings, but no pasta dishes and they need to realize that some people want a small pasta dish for lunch. So I went with the flat bread, Mediterranean, and it was edible, but I would not recommend it. The service was attentive and competent. Take my advice, be patient and wait in line at Cochon Butcher just done the street - or at least keep walking past Bei Tempei.Great place to eat with a group of family or friends. Great service comfortable atmosphere. Portions were not only just big but delicious. Everything tasted like your Italian grandma's cookin'. Some of our favorites were the Garlic rolls, pizza, gnocchi, pasta with vodka sauce. We didn't have room for cheese cake but I'll definitely go back to try it.Pizza is good! Stop using styrofoam plates! The heat melts the plate and it gets on your pizza and you eat it! It's also not environmentally sustainable! I won't eat here again until you do.A great not very well known pizza stop that I stopped into when Pizza D was closed. I had a great house salad that was huge and had lots of ingredients. They brought out complimentary garlic bread with the salad and then came a slice of eggplant pizza that was excellent. When pizza D is closed this is a very capable replacement, the only issue is parking so its best to go by bike.Great service, great food, the server will sing for you, lice performances, 3 dollar shots!!!  And incredible great service!!! And great prices!!! What ever everyone that gave them less than 5 stars is wrong!!! You need to try it!!!Everything was great. The minestrone soup was the best I have had. Great pasta and awesome cheesecake and the device was spectacular. Thanks joe.Great pizza. We always stop in and get a fugazzie which is their epic stuffed pizza.  
We've stopped in so much that Al even remembers our order! He's the best!One word, FRESH. You know a place is A line when they make their own dressings! And sauces. That eliminates that grewsome acid taste of these store bought products.  Pizza is slim as can be, just to clarify the New York aspect of this pizza.  Parking upstairs (validated) and 2x1 happy hour daily with $5 apps...'till 7!  Great ambiance.Unreal food.
Now, with that said....
Not one Bei Tempi employee possesses a customer service bone in their body. A small sample of what I mean:
I just spent 9 minutes on phone communicating a delivery order. Absolutely horrific experience. 
Again, the food is great but i truly hope they will send their employees (and themselves) to customer srvc boot camp, imminently.This place is clearly only for people visiting town that do not know where to get good food. It all is covered in grease, made me feel awful the next day, and did not really look or taste that good. Would recommend passing this place up in favor of one of new Orleans' other fine dining establishmentsAwesome! Stromboli comes in 3 sizes. Waitress told me to order the small. It was HUGE! I could only eat half. Tiramisu was phenomenal!This is hands down the best pizza in New Orleans...
Everyone is super cool ! Eric is so awesome ... You'll be amazed by his dough slinging skills. We came in for a carry out but they have in dining with a full bar and the atmosphere is really laid back.... Valerie helped us out too...thanks Val... Check them out next time your in the area or want a good slice of New York style pizza!!!!Thin crust pizza which is good.  A bit pricey.  Prob best pizza option in warehouse districtThe garlic rolls or  knots are amazing. The Stromboli was excellent and the chocolate cheesecake was to die forGreat restaurant with great service!  Authentic Italian food.  When I tell YOU...this has got to be the most amazing Italian food I've had outside my semester abroad in Italy.  Fresh, great tomato sauce, FRESH, well seasoned, and delicious.  Our waiter was Daniel, he is a hospitality super hero.  We never had to ask for anything.  Even the janitorial staff was engaging and friendly.
I can't say enough of how amazing this place is.  We met one half of the ownership team and he was super sweet.  I want everyone to come here at least once!  Your money will be well spent!Went here twice over the week.  First time had some ok pizza and good calamari.  The next time I grabbed a chicken parm sub to go.  The sub was not cooked and I was not pleased to bite into raw chicken.  Unfortunately raw chicken is a deal breaker for me and there's no fucking way I'll come back.I was in town working at the Convention Center a couple weeks back for an installation and picked up an order of about six pizzas for the crew working on the floor.  As soon as I walked in I was floored at how nice this place was inside.  The guys working the counter where you pick up the pizza were super friendly and threw in a couple free Stromboli's with the order.  The following night I returned after working to grab a couple beers at their bar, and got into a conversation with one of the guys who works there about IPA's.  The night after that, the same guy remembered who I was and had actually brought in a bottle of a local grapefruit IPA for me to try (after I mentioned how I love to travel and try the local beers).  The service in this place is absolutely five star.  I realize this is a newer spot, so I hope they continue to provide this sort of top notch and personal service, as it really left an impression on me.
Of course, I would be doing them a disservice if I didn't mention the food.  I only ate the garlic bread and pizza while I was there, but they have a full menu and from what I could see that food seemed really good.  The pizza though, was awesome!  Being from Rhode Island, I am spoiled when it comes to pizza.  I never hold my expectations high when in the south that I'm going to find good (in LL Cool J voice) zah zah zah zah zah zah, but this place was on the money.  I got to get a tour de force of their various pizzas as we ordered plain cheese, pepperoni, BBQ chicken, and a meat lover's and all the different kinds kicked some serious butt.
These guys are in an awesome location to be able to be successful and I truly hope they are.  This place is ran by some really friendly guys and I can't wait to come back and see how well they've done for themselves next time I find myself in New Orleans.Quick and friendly service. Good price, especially being close to the convention center. Also a nice alternative to
Convention center options. Offers sit down service and take out. 
Had a slice of pepperoni pizza and soda. Crust, cheese and sauce were very good - flavorful and fresh-tasting - but the pepperoni didn't have much flavor. Would be back for cheese pizza and their many other offerings - the place smelled great!Food was good. That was it. No flatware. Not even after asked.  Had to go to an empty table and get my own. Same with plates. Wrong dressing. Waitress took my salad off the table while I had a fork in my hand. Was planning on tiramisu to go. Didn't want to give them anymore money. Never again.Pizza here is okay. New York-ish. We ordered it a few times over the past 2 weeks while working in the convention center
But during my visit to the actual restaurant, well, one of the worst customer experiences ever.
I ordered two things: a cheese slice and garlic wings. I received my slice, had it taken back as it was apparently not for me, then it was returned since it turned out to be my slice after all. No big deal. While eating and waiting for my wings I watched food being openly handled without gloves by the cashier. Also not shocking for a pizzeria I suppose. That same incoherent cashier who handled cash, credit cards and everyone's food then proceeded to eat a slice and jump right back to the register upon arrival of the next customer; literally licking fingers and wiping her mouth.
My wings came out as tenders. I explained that time had run out, I had to return to work and requested a refund. She was not able to process this request and offered cash back instead of refunding my credit card. However, she offered less money than the actual taxed cost. Cheat? Scam? I don't know. After unsuccessfully attempting to do the math she just handed me a 10 dollar bill which was actually a little bit too much. 
Shameful. Truly.Wow! What a find! I had Stromboli, salad, garlic knots, and chocolate cheesecake. Others at table had seafood platter, lasagna, and spaghetti. It was very good (we ended up sharing), all large servings of high end restaurant experience foods at process that were soooo reasonable! I've had some comparable meals at 4-5 star establishments, but spent a fortune to eat there. The service was great and the food even better. I passed it several times after my conference, but only hit it the last day we were there. I wish we had seen it sooner.This is some of worst pizza and Italian food I've ever had. The pizza toppings have no flavor. The only thing that I could taste when I had the pasta was the super heavy sauce. The funny thing is the best thing I've had here is the burgers. They are incredible.Oh My God, What a way to finish a great vacation. My wife and I took a walk across the street from the hotel we were staying at , and smelled great pizza. We went in and found a clean and friendly sports bar environment. The pizza was great!! We decided to come  back for dinner. It kept getting better. The server had a trained operatic voice and sang a beautiful Italian song .The food  was to die for. We were so full we couldn't even try our favorite tiramisu We met the owners on the way out, such wonderful people, they actually  treated us to their last piece of Tiramisu to take back to the hotel (amazing). We wanted to stay an extra day, just to have another meal here. 
A Must Visit. 
Thanks again, can't wait to come back to NOLA !!Went to this restaurant after seeing the good reviews on yelp. The garlic rolls were pretty good, nothing super special and very greasy. The portions were small and expensive. The red sauce tasted sour. Very different than I have ever had at an Italian place before. It was not something I liked. I had the trio parmesan. The chicken and veal were both very thin and kinda burnt. The shrimp was bland. My girlfriend had manicotti, her favorite Italian dish, and we both thought it tasted odd, not good. Atmosphere was nice and service was pretty good. The bartender was wearing a cut off T-shirt and talking about dead babies with another guest. Not what I expected from a nice Italian restaurant.00 stars!!'  Do not trust your reservations even if confirmed. We made reservations for 15 while in town for a volleyball tournament that was confirmed ahead. When the team arrived they claimed they never had a reservation and were VERY rude and unaccommodating.Didn't eat.....wanted to.  Walked in and stood there eagerly.  Watched 3 employees (2 right in front of me as if in line) talking......but after a couple minutes of being ignored as totally  unimportant, I walked next door to Subway.  ????
Edit-  decided to go and try again the next day. We went to the bar in the back and SAT there and SAT  there and SAT there until finally someone came and took our order. Then, when we were done eating (food was decent) we were waiting on our check. I put the credit card in the cup and then proceeded to sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there and sit there.  the bartender disappeared for quite some time.  
I would never go back due to RIDICULOUS service.  I mean, bordering on candid camera level.This is an awesome restaurant. ..the food is excellent and the service is also awesome...we had Vinnie wait on us and he does opera..he sang a beautiful love sing to us for our anniversary.  The next night we stopped in for a snack...was treated like royalty. Wud recommend it fully!!!There was bugs in my food and the owner was a real jerk made fun of my mentally challenged son and told me to get out when i told him there was a bug in my foodA solid 4 stars! Truthfully when I am in town I don't think of this place nor do I crave the food. There's nothing sexy about it whatsoever except that they have TV screens everywhere which is perfect when I want to catch a game, have a beer, and have a bite... Which is why I found myself there twice on Sunday evening watching football. 
Cozy'd up to the bar both times. They have a huge cool a$$ fish tank behind the bar if you're in to that ... which I'm not...
With that said the food both times was very good. Seafood Pescatore first time and a thin crust combo pizza pie the second time. Both excellent w fresh ingredients. Crust was crunchy like it should be!!
Like I said, a solid 4 stars for food and service.This is a new spot and they get an "A" for effort. They seem like they have a close-knit team and are really working hard. The pizza-by-the-slice is excellent. I love the thin crust. I have had the meat lovers, barbecue chicken and buffalo chicken. The meat lovers pizza is packed with bacon, ham, pepperoni and meatball slices. The chicken on the barbecue and buffalo pizza is not dry at all. 
I had one of their eggplant pasta dishes, which was just okay. The sauce is on the sweet side, which I happen to like. They also do not skimp on the sauce, which is another plus. But the fried eggplant was soggy and didn't have much flavor. But overall the dish was tasty.
As other reviewers have noted, the garlic rolls are delicious.
I will definitely go back.Not too impressed.  The chicken on my dish was cold, but the spaghetti was hot so I was able to eat that. I wouldn't recommend it for those who expect a higher quality Italian meal.Pizza was fair at best. Cheap ingredients, looked like an old pie but I saw him make it. Girl at to go counter rude and cold. Like she really did not want to be there. I've eaten here before but it certainly went down hill.I am not a fan of this obvious tourist trap. It may be convenient for people in nearby hotels, but is not a destination spot for locals. The pepperoni pizza though ordered fresh, did not quite taste as if it had come out of the oven, exactly. Not quite an Italian restaurant, more like a pizza mill.Let me preface this review by stating that the waitress was polite. With that said; this is by far one of the worst Italian restaurants I've ever eaten at.  I ordered chicken parmigiana and penne, hoping that this safe bet which quench my hunger pangs.  Unfortunately the sauce reminded me of out of the can Spaghetti-O's my mother would buy when I was a kid, the chicken was rubbery, and the minestrone soup was cold.   I'm giving this place two stars for two reasons; again, the waitress was polite and attentive and the garlic knots were pretty good.Food was authentic Italian and tasted perfect. Service was impeccable. Highly recommend this place!The food was pretty good.  The sauce a bit pasty.  The garlic rolls were worth going for.  
HOWEVER, I think the family of the people that owned it were there eating.  Their little children were there being very loud and they weren't being corrected.  I think they were relatives to the owners because 2 of the ladies were in and out of the kitchen bringing food out only to this table.  But the MAJOR problem is that the children were all allowed to go in and out of the kitchen as they pleased.  This made us feel pretty uncomfortable as we were being served out of this same kitchen.
The service from Janae was with a smile.The only reason that they aren't getting 5 stars was the server. She came over to the table and rushed us into drinks/apps and then expected us to order entrees immediately. 
The food is what earns it the other stars. This place is legit taste wise which is hard to find in New Orleans. There were no bell peppers in the sauce thank god! The garlic knots are to die for and the pizza is spot on amazing! I found out they deliver too so I can't wait to order!!! Definitely worth the walk out the quarter.The food was pretty good but the service was a little slow and my martini came 3/4 full so that kinda sucked.Get the Calamari SPICY!!! This place is great, super clean, very attentive staff. The head chef is out there talking with you explaining the courses. 
Great set up, cool bar. Good Draft Selection, shock top, 314, stella. A lot of great choices. 
Was very impressed and glad this place opened. It has a huge menu, so take your time and go through it carefully. I know it will be hard but save room for Dessert! It will definitely be worth it! I wish i took pictures!!I was in town for the Rock-N-Roll Marathon.  We were staying at the Hyatt right across the street and looking for a place to "pasta-up" before the run the next morning.  Walked right across the street into this place, after checking Yelp first ;).  We ate an early dinner here.  We waited in the bar area just a minute until a table was ready.  The garlic rolls are to die for, literally!   They are so darn good.  We each had a different pasta and all was delicious!  This particular night was busy and it took a long time for us to get food, BUT the reason was 3 people called in sick!  The manager was super nice, you could tell he was very concerned at the length of time it was taking but not making excuses he was bar tending and waiting tables as well.  We visited with each other so the time really went by pretty fast.  I would go out of my way to come here again, yes it was that good!Came to NOLA for the Girl's Volleyball Junior National Tournament. Stopped at Bei Tempi in between matches, and they were out of everything! Over 10, 000 players in town and BT is the closest place to the Convention Center. We had 10 parents with us, but they wouldn't let us order a pitcher of beer; had to do individual pints. They were out of Flatbread and pita bread for sandwiches. We all finally ordered individual slices of pizza. The waitress was nice, but it didn't make up for the lack of preparation. We didn't go back for the rest of the tournament. (4 days). But we found some other great places within walking distance.WOW! This place is a must try. Our waitress Janae was very knowledgeable, and made our experience just amazing! She suggested a half cheese sticks, half fried eggplant appetizer which was awesome! My wife and girls had a pepperoni pizza that they loved. And for myself Janae suggested Three Musketeers, which was a combination of Chicken Parmigiana, Shrimp Parmigiana, and Veal Parigiana. OMG it was incredible! We finished off this wonderful experience with Janae bringing us a Butterfinger Cheesecake. Let me tell you, if you can make it to dessert, GET THE BUTTERFINGER CHEESECAKE!... All my reviews are from the heart, so you can take this to the bank! Go to Bei Tempi!!These guys are great! I live in a nearby condo, and they do a great job reaching out to the community.  They've hosted neighborhood events, and they go out of their way to deliver.  When dining in, their desire to succeed is again evident in their friendly, attentive service.  The food is fantastic; everything I've had has been delicious.  we're thrilled to have them in the neighborhood.The food is fair.., not my favorite place! But it is a great Italian cuisine!! The waitress/ bar tender is great!! very nice, polite, and funny!! She is great I forgot her name she have great personality!! I recommend the place to guest that enjoys pasta!