Betsy's is an institution in this town. You can get excellent omlettes, pancakes and chicken fried steak for breakfast or a nice hearty roast chicken and siding for lunch. Prices are great!Betsy's is hands down the best greasy spoon diner in the city to eat lunch.  In the summertime, their AC sure puts out.   It's the best of what you'd expect in diner-fare, and the wait staff is priceless: "Hey Dawlin', you want some bread puddin' wid dat?" The motley cast of characters among the clientelle provides an enteraining lunch experience.  Another plus: you don't have to take out a mortgage to eat here - it's super cheap.This place is hands down, the best little pancake house I have been in. The coffee is hot and fresh. The waitresses are sweet and helpful. The atmosphere is very inviting and like the small town diner.  My son and I had breakfast here and it was not disappointing! The chicken fried steak was juicy and cook perfect!!! The gravy was creamy and just the right seasoning. Grits were really good. My son had the chocolate pancakes and loved it. If you have a chance, check them out!!!Heard wonderful things about Betsy" and just had to give it a try. They did not disappoint. We got waited on as soon as we day down by a very cheery waitress. The breakfast menu was nicely varied, the coffee was delicious and food portions were huge. No one in my party of four could finish our whole order, try as we might. The food was cooked to our specification and perfectly so and everything tasted great. I even got a coffee cup to remember the enjoyable experience.The waitress earns a gold star.  The bacon was cold greasy and so hard it crumbled upon picking it up.  The pancake was a quarter inch thick and so rubbery I could have blown bubbles with it.  Now the grits are the reason most Yankees won't eat them,  they were lumpy and bland reminded me of hot school paste.  Came here because of the rave reviews.  But left here hungry and totally unimpressed: going to waffle house where they can make a pancake.  Oh and if you do come here, make sure to bring a jacket temp inside is a nice cold 65 degreesI went to Betty's today for breakfast. This breakfast restaurant is always very crowded and seems popular. The service was slow and bacon cold.
They were very busy. I went to cashier and she took money and did.not say a word to me like "did you enjoy your meal" or "thank you"  or anything.
So I asked her why did't she at least ask me if 
everything was ok. She said she was sorry and 
did explain that a waitress had walked out and they 
were short. This I would understand but there is 
a silly little mousetrap by the register that says "if you
have a complaint press the red button." This is not 
funny if you do get bad service. It reflects a negative attitude by the owner for there customer's service.
This is certainly not respectful to the customers and Betty's memory who worked hard to establish this restaurant.this is old school, great little breakfast spot filled with all kinds of folks.  I give you four stars for service, and entertaining.     food is nothing spectacular, but this place delivers for the price.   great prices, and wonderful service.   daily specials are very new orleans oriented.    this is a place that politicians like to be seen as well when wanting to rev up local attitude and gratitude.   huzzah.Food was great! Biscuits and gravy was out of this world. Service was friendly and attentive. It's not a fancy brunch type place, just down home well prepared good food. Will definitely return.The best way to describe this place is to compare it to I hop and waffle house.
It's like Both places but homely atmosphere.
Pancakes and egg was good I will repeat!
Good pancakesIf you're looking for an alternative to the touristy hot spots, look no further. Betsy's is the real deal. A neighborhood diner located on the easily accessible Canal Street, you won't find a better bang for your buck. I had pancakes, eggs, bacon, grits and toast for $8 including tip. And the service is friendly and warm no matter who you are (local or tourist). I went on a weekday morning and while the room was definitely bustling, there were some open tables and spots at the counter, which I nabbed in between two locals the servers knew by name. This is a no-frills joint, but worth a visit.So, I've been here countless times for breakfast. I return repeatedly  for the diner atmosphere and prices. Food can be hit or miss. But, this week I experienced the lunch specials. For less than $8, you get tea, salad or soup, a HUGE entree (usually four choices daily), and dessert. I left extremely full and satisfied, and happy to have barely a dent in my wallet. 
I had the chicken parmesan, which was a fried boneless breast the size of a football on top of spaghetti with red sauce. The chicken was delicious, with a decadent batter. My dining companion had the smothered steak with mashed potatoes and peas. While it wasn't the most appealing to look at, the taste surprisingly surpassed the chicken parm! 
I will definitely be back on a weekly basis for lunch. It's far superior to breakfast.Our favorite breakfast place in NOLA.  Really great coffee.  Excellent pancakes, grits, and practically everything. Have only eaten breakfast, so I can speak other meals. But if you're looking for a no frills, really solid breakfast, then go here.I love this place!! Their breakfast is the best. It's family run so it has a cozy home feel to it. The ladies that work there are so sweet. I'd recommend this place for sure!You will get a solid breakfast here, no doubt. I've been a few times now and each visit has been a good experience. The place is always busy, definitely a good sign. Plus my being a breakfast enthusiast, pancakes and waffles always holds a special place in my existence.
Nothing modern about the design, it's very original on the inside. It certainly feels like a place fitting of its name if you follow me. Nothing bad about that, I'm just saying the place feels right. It was pretty much just what I expected the first time I went.
I usually order the chicken fried steak tho as I think it's one of the best dishes on Earth and Betsy's is hella good. The wait staff has been pleasant on my visits, i also heard they hire inmates to help work the kitchen? If so, that's cool. I really like when businesses are open to hiring convicts. Makes it seem like they're real, down-to-earth  people, in my eyes.
Great food at good prices, you should certainly stop in if you're in the area and in need of a good breakfast or lunch.This place is located right around the corner from where I was staying at, the India House Hostel.  So I had to check it out.  
It was a perfect setting to witness some local flavor.  As soon as I walked in I thought that Flo' was gonna come out and say "Mel you can kiss my grits"  The food was respectable but the people there were a spectacle.    
Go before 10am  for cheap eats.If you have read my reviews, you know that I am not a fan of breaking the bank when it comes to breakfast.  Therefore, Betsy's get a good review from me for several reasons.  This place makes you feel at home. Period!  We love going to Betsy's as part of our breakfast trips.  The Junior Breakfast is $3.75 1, egg, 2 strips of bacon and 3 dollar pancakes (honestly enough to feed me).  My daughter loves it here and they always treat her like one of the family.  Coffee gets refilled with a meal for a reasonable $1.25. 2 Eggs with bacon, grits and toast will run you $5.  Again all very reasonable prices.  Don't expect a fancy interior because, well you won't get it here. What you will get is solid food at a good price.Had breakfast here on our way out of NO.  The place is bright and about sparkles, despite being under water in 2005.  It was interesting to drive a block away and see the rehabbed houses and those still suffering from Katrina. 
Betsy's is right on Canal Street and has a parking lot across the side street.  The guy busing our table greeted us like old friends and our waitress was great and sassy.  I had the breakfast special as did my wife, but she had the pancakes.  I wish I'd tried the "hashbrowns" which were really smothered potatoes with onions and peppers.  My table mates said they were good and didn't offer a taste!  The grits were good. Otherwise, the breakfast was just good, plain  and cheap.  It was nice to find this place (recommended by a NO native) after rich, expensive food in the French Quarter.Betsy's is just a great breakfast spot.  Not fancy, but you'll run into the best people here.  The staff is consistent, friendly and as fast as they can be with the constant stream of patrons rolling in.  Prices are AWESOME!  Food is EXCELLENT!  Solid breakfast everytime.  And the $5 weekday special can't be beat!  Coffee is good too and they keep it coming.  I'll eat here any day (except Saturday, they're closed).Why rate a place like this 4 stars?  Because it is exactly what you expect it to be...only better.  
Had breakfast here three times while visiting.  Eggs cooked perfectly, loved the grits and the pancakes are fantastic.  Absolutely the greatest $5.00 breakfast you will find in town.This place is a classic breakfast joint, right on Canal Street. They really pack 'em in here, but don't let the line scare you. These people move fast! 
They have super CHEAP breakfast specials and everything I've eaten here was delicious and exactly as I expected it to be. Nothing here is very creative or particularly distinctive. It's just a good deal with good service. I will definitely return.
They do have a parking lot, on Dorgenois opposite from the restaurant.Loved this place. Friendly service and great food. Exactly what you want in a quick breakfast spot.Been coming here for years now and I think don't I'll ever stop!
The breakfasts are simple yet satisfying and savory. The food tastes very homemade. 
The homemade potatoes are must have with any platter! 
The coffee they use is maxwell and it's always hot and tasty. 
Now that the staff has been replaced the service can be a bit shaky. The new ladies aren't too friendly or accommodating.Patience is key my friends! You will get your food and it will be good. 
Just don't expect high quality service. Hence, why I have slowed down on my visits. 
HOWEVER,  kudos to the busboy that works in the morning. He is such a delightful young man! Always on his toes and very tentative, quick, polite, and efficient! Most of the time he gets our drink order and has it ready for us in seconds! 
His work ethics are exceptional and admirable!!
Very very very hardworking!!!
It's very cheap and affordable so it's a balance. Plus it's such a valuable part of our neighborhood!I'm a N.Y. transplant and was looking for an awesome place in the neighborhood to get breakfeast.  I stumbled on this place making a turn on Canal Street while going the wrong way.  Ooops!  Wait a moment...what's this place......?  Man am I happy I checked it out.  AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME, the food is always consistent, the customer service is off the chain, the ladies remember your name and oftentimes what you ordered the last time which is amazing to me considering that it's a pretty large place and it's usually packed.  I give em 5 stars the WHOOOOOLE WAY!  Get's no better than this!I've been going to Betsy's pancake house for 15 years. It has such a solid spot in my heart it's impossible to give it less than five stars.
Never in the fifteen years have I ever ordered anything but pancakes (and bacon) and they fluctuate but are usually pretty awesome.
Now that I'm trying to eat healthier instead of the regular pancakes I get the buckwheat banana pecan COVERED IN BUTTER AND WHIPPED CREAM. Awwwww yeah.
They're so good, but what's even better is the family that runs it and the totally crazy servers who crack you up the entire time you're there. Their history is full of tragedy and triumph. They are a living symbol of the power of the human spirit and more specifically the resilience of our community here in New Orleans.
I can't really speak highly enough. After Katrina we held hands and cried together. 
So yeah... I mean, don't get the lunch. It's sort of cafeteria level food. A lot of working folks love it for the price. It will fill ya up.
Breakfast specials run out, so don't be sad.
Just get there early.
I bring my own maple syrup but they do serve non-high fructose corn syrup for their pancakes which is a step in the right direction.
My main issue with Betsy's is the fluorescent lighting. It would be better for everyone if they switched.
That's all. Betsy's is a New Orleans institution.The western omelet was delicious and loved the hashbrowns.The food is typical breakfast food. Good, but not extraordinary. The staff are dickheads. I live a block away n have ordered from there randomly throughout the years. Some days they are nice and other days they are downright rude. Str8 up rude. Like, yell at you for ordering 30 mins before closing, rude or make snyde remarks when you ask what comes with something. Its very annoying. I no longer give them my business. I fry my eggs better anyways.I got the Mac and cheese and chicken salad. Both were dry. Chicken was so dry, I spit it out. I ate half of the Mac and cheese. My friends good seemed to be fine. They got a waffle, eggs, bacon, hash browns (under cooked), and grey and biscuits. Everything seems to be decently priced. Try it out, see how you like it. I don't eat very much, so I go for smaller portions, and that really messed up the taste here.We came to Betsy's because my normal spot (Big Shirley's) was closed.  I wasn't disappointed, but I wasn't overly impressed either.  Overall the food was good, the service was good.  The wait time can be high on the weekends.
I'll come back.For a pancake house the pancakes were not that good. Service is off set by the the very fair price. A good breakfast for the money.This place was absolutely spectacular! I got the blueberry pancakes. It was 2 pancakes, blueberries, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and butter on top. Everything was delicious and only cost about $7.We didn't mind the simple tables, old style counter and kitschy décor. But the food and ingredients were disappointing. Shrimp and green onion omelette was dry and shrimp were miniscule. The smoked sausage was salty and a little burnt on the outside. Grits tasted like instant and also salty. We didn't eat pancakes, but the syrup is log cabin with corn syrup base. No real butter. Upside was the service. But for food and nicer atmosphere, would rather pay a few more $$ and go to Katie's.Its all about the experience, not so much the food.  They do serve wonderful bread- and their lunch specials include a salad, drink (an iced tea), and dessert.  We had the bread pudding and it was all messed up that day- had the consistency of a rice pudding/flan. Just not appetizing at all.  It is cleaner since they painted the interior, and why would someone even mention the "robbery/killing" on a restaurant review?  Tactless.The line wraps around the inside instead of thr outside which in turn blocks off the bathrooms. Sitted 20 minutes, but food took around 30 minutes to come after that. This is ridiculous considering my table's order was all simple breakfast items (basic pancake orders). People that were in line behind us received food 15 minutes before us. 
Waitresses were great though tbh, but the kitchen was in a fluster. Grits seemed watery, fine. My over medium eggs were watery...Why? 
 Belgium waffle was smashed. Pancakes were good.
2 stars for the waitresses, but otherwise would be 1 star. This place has high rating for not good reasons imo.Delicious home style food at amazing prices. $5.50 for two eggs, bacon, grits, and pancakes! Quick, friendly service. We'll be back when we return to NOLA next year.We have never had a bad breakfast at Betsy's. I worked at IHOP a long time ago, and this place brings back some of the memories. Long lines(of impatient guest, thinking its all about them), the smell of good coffee, and a wait staff with bobbing and weaving skills that match Floyd Mayweather. If you have never worked in a restaurant, it calls for lots of patience. How would you feel if you were the waitress and you had to deal with someone like you??? Anyway..think about that next time you are eating out. The food was good and filled us up. It's consistent and cheap..Thanks for the breakfast Betsy..see you again...Decent food, great service. usually pretty packed w/o much room for parking. Pretty much a no frills kinda place, which is right up my alley, so don't be surprised if your blueberries come from a can and aren't hand picked that morning from a rooftop greenhouse. This isn't fucking portland, stooge.This rating is less about the food, we are here now, and it's good.  This is about the service. 
My wife has had the gastric bypass surgery so she doesn't eat a lot. The doctors even give you a card to show at restaurants because of the condition. She wanted to order a kids breakfast and even after explaining the situation the waitress said absolutely not. 
Not even a willingness to go check with anyone.I have been coming to Betsy's for over 20 years.  The food is good, home style cooking that fills you up for a great price.  The staff is fun and helpful, particularly Misty and Ladybug, who always make you feel welcome.Definitely a local place!!  Only closed on Saturdays, this place fills up for breakfast with police and fire men!!  Always good and priced really well!!This is my second time eating here, the first time was great! This time our server was Melissa, she was absolutely worthless! Melissa only came to our table a few times, she never offered use a refill. Melissa was very rude, Melissa had time to sit at the table behind use and talk to the guy behind us. It sounded like Melissa was complaining about her hand having stitches in it and her still working!! If you ever come here to eat please avoid sitting in Melissa's section!!! Or better yet just stay away from the whole restaurant!I've eaten here many years ago and could never find it again. Well I found it and it's as good as I recalled. Simple but tasty breakfast. Quick efficient service can get you in and out of there if needed or you can stay and chat a whileThis was a spot where no one came to our table for ten mins to ask us if we need any drinks or menus, by the way they were not packed. Our so called waiter was cleaning a table right next to us and didn't even stop to speak or say I will be back.Great locals breakfast place that was recommended by a bartender. It's definitely a hike from bourbon street and took a streetcar down canal but enjoyed good food and great prices. The waitress was a little clueless when I asked questions and didn't refill our waters or check on us but she apologized and said she was new. I drank my husbands water and called it a day.  I feel like it's a place that is full of regulars. Good cheap food.Great chicken fried steak! If anyone remembers Pioneer Chicken, the batter tastes like that. I do prefer the pancakes at Mother's.
Friendly, attentive service.Solid home style diner with good food, great prices and exceptionally friendly service. I had eggs over easy, bacon, Cajun potatoes, and two pancakes plus a milk and an iced chocolate latte. My boyfriend had pancakes and sausage with coffee and milk. No complaints here. If you wanna eat where the locals do and do it on the cheap, this place is for you.I too am wondering what happened... We are long time fans of Betsy's. Until today - it's always been excellent.  My son ordered 3 eggs scrambled and grits - there were shell pieces all in the eggs. I ordered the fried fish lunch special - fish was great however, the salad greens were brown and wilted  to badly to eat, the side veggie was green beans with onions (which should have been called onions with a few green beans) they were really terrible! It really was 50% onion and 50% green beans - Overpowering - not edible. Potato salad was OK, and I mean just OK. 
Not sure if you all got a new cook or what but please bring my good Betsy's food back.
Side note - one of the waitresses brother (a grown man mind you) was standing over 2 waitresses eating their lunch constantly thumping one then the other in the head with a rolled up magazine. They were trying to ignore him but he kept on and on for literally 10 minutes while we ate at the table next to them. thump, thump, thump, thump, thump - really??? how irritating to the other customers.Betsy's is my favorite blue plate special place to eat.  They have the $5 breakfast...grits, 2 eggs your way, 2 pieces of bacon and 2 pancakes.  Always good.  I'm from a small town, and this place has that feel.  Life isn't hurried, and they can talk to anybody.  They have specials of the day each day...Friday is fried catfish day and I'm a regular.  Comes with tea, salad and dessert for around 9 bucks.  Great deal and good home style cooking.Walked into this place, was yelled at to move out of the way and was not welcomed by anyone, we had to seat ourselves and our waitress had her head somewhere else... it took 20 min, and a reminder of my drink order to finally get my sweet tea from the pitcher behind the bar...The food was mediocre and was very sloppily thrown together, I received a very sorry excuse for chicken tenders. The service was terrible... I don't recommend this place during any busy breakfast times.In the midst of a sea of crappy little tourist traps in New Orleans, Betsy's is a fantasticly delicious breath of fresh air! The food is cheap, surprisingly, and served by the friendliest of waitresses. Especially for students on a budget, stop by Betsy's for breakfast before heading into downtown New Orleans for your next adventureWhere to start with this place?  I followed one of the previous reviewers advice by not going in with high expectations.  So I went in with low expectations and this place still struggled to meet them.  I am going to start off with the good aspects of Betsy's.  It truly feels like your classic breakfast dive.  Good atmosphere, very friendly and attentive servers and comfortable seating.  Also, the price is pretty good (in some cases not so good.  I go a stack of old fashioned pancakes for $4.50, not too bad.  The coffee was decent with free refills.  
Now on to the bad and this is really the only bad thing that I saw.  Of course, I am a carnivore and with my pancakes I like some kind of meat, so I decided to order some ham.  For $3.50, I thought I would get a pretty good bit of quality ham, however, I was severly mistaken.  On a plate, I got one piece of the saddest looking piece of ham which strongly resembled some form of potted meat.  This was really disappointing.  For $1, I would have not been upset, but $3.50 was extremely high for the product.  I wish I would've taken a picture of it and I think you would agree.  The pancakes were cheap and I got what I paid for.  Nothing spetacular as far as taste, but for the price, I can't complain.
This place is nothing spectacular and cannot suggest as a must eat.  I looked at what some of the people around me were ordering and nothing looked extremely appetizing.  This is a straightforward breakfast place, nothing fancy.  So if that is what you are looking for, that is what you will get.Stopped into Betsy with Senator Mary Landrieu and friends. I had a great breakfast per usual featuring the one and only buckwheat pancakes. One of the few places you can find em and they are so huge I dare you to eat them all. The only thing you need to do is be sure to bring your own syrup. The cheap stuff they have on the table is not worthy of topping the goodness of the buckwheat.This is nothing remarkable here food-wise but it's worth it to go on a Sunday morning before a Saints game when all the patrons, staff and even the interior of the place are decked out in their black and gold finest.  The other great thing that I love about Betsy's is the gruff but sweet waitress who cannot complete any sentence without calling you baby, darling or sweetheart, even if she is yelling at you. 
The food was fine, not stellar, but it's a diner, what more could you expect? Corned beef hash is out of a can, forgot my friend's english muffin but loved that the waitress said "Your muffin is on it's way.  Really, I just forgot to put it in.  At least I'm honest."  I love her.I put in a to-go order and waited about 20 mins for it, which was the only real complaint I have about Betsy's. Other than that, the price was nice for the breakfast special. It was reasonable. Will be back soon!Awesome food with even better service.  While eating an irate customer went off for no reason, the manager handled the situation with the utmost professionalism.BEST BREAKFAST IN THE CITY!!
I work around the corner from Betsy's P.H. and have had the pleasure of tasting almost everything on the menu. Around here every corner store and restaurant sells breakfast. Betsy's P.H. out shines them all!!
Let me start by saying that the pancakes are HUGE and D-LISH!! The pancakes with fresh strawberries and blueberries are a must try when visiting Betsy's.
The Grits are AWESOME!! You dont have to add anything to them.. They have perfected their grits recipe!! The grits come out just right EVERY TIME.
My personal fav...is the FRENCH TOAST!! OMG!! is all Im going to say. (TRY IT)
Betsy's also has a nice lunch menu with lunch specials everyday of the week. 
If your looking for a nice hardy lunch that taste like mama's cooking Betsy's is a nice option to consider. The cheese burger is HUGE, made fresh, and very tasty comes dressed with a side of chips. The CLUB is also a nice choice for lunch when looking for something lite to eat. Handclaps to the Chicken Fried Steak plate its D-LISH and every filling! The kind of food that sticks to your ribs and will hold you over till dinner time.
The atmosphere takes you back to the good ole fashion diner times. Theres always a alot of locals in there... but you never have to wait for a seat and the food comes out rather quickly. The wait staff is AWESOME always smiling and very attentive. They called me Hun, Sweetie, and Suga a few times =) (Southern Hospitality at its Finest)
Betsy's is an all around GREAT restaurant  and I recommend this place to everyone looking for a good meal at a fair price.Eat lunch here regularly, good food, nice people, easy to park as they have their own parking lot across the street. Good dollar value. If you eat here you will experience true New Orleans locals where there is a gumbo of local people from judges, local entertainers, former politicians (Moon Landrieu, former mayor), policeman, people from every walk of life all coming together on common ground. This is not Brennan's, it's a local diner reflecting old New Orleans.Always consistent and good food.  Family run and friendly,  I cannot find any competition for them anywhere.
Became a regular and always will beBest hash browns I've ever had!!! The service was friendly and all smiles. The tables could be cleaned a little more I think the bus boy does his best at the speed customers come in. I wiped my own chair but nothing out of this world. Would visit again.Daily lunch specials, breakfast items, friendly staff but not always fast service. Inexpensive eats, specials are under $10; lunch specials come with a soup or salad and dessert and tea (sweet tea or unsweet  tea also comes with the meal).  They have their own parking lot nearby.These people are like family.  The coffee is awesome because it just keeps on coming. The service is super fast. They are consistent and I've never had a bad experience there. And plus, who doesn't go to Betsy's?! It's an institution.We came today (Sunday morning) at 11:15. We didn't have to wait long for our table, and our food order was turned in by 11:30. Simple order, 2 eggs scrambled with sausage and bacon, order of short stack pancakes. Table of 5 ordered after our ticket was turned in to the kitchen and somehow, they got all their food before us. No big deal, now it's 12 and our order was pretty basic, although I did ask them to put cheese on my eggs which shouldn't have caused any problems. Then we noticed food being brought to a table of guests that didn't get a table till about 11:50. At 12 :05 the waitress came and told us it shouldn't be much longer. Then more patrons that came after us started getting food. I had to go to work, so we just asked to cancel the order and pay for our beverages. The waitress went to the kitchen and came back a few minutes later and said, 'can you just give her a few minutes more?' We explained that I had to go to work and hadn't expected it to take this long. We just wanted to pay for the beverages. She went back to the kitchen, and came back out and said, 'just give her 1 more minute' I said no, they've had more than 45. Clearly our order got pushed aside and we are now out of time. She went back to the kitchen and came out with our plates. My cheese wasn't on my eggs and I questioned the amount of eggs on my plate. The waitress came back with a small plate and wanted to take my eggs off the plate to bring them to the back to add the cheese. At this point I was done with these people. The food was good, don't get me wrong, but if you don't have 2 hours to spend here, go somewhere else. If you want good customer service, again, go somewhere else.Amazing food! Huge portions and low cost. The staff is super friendly and even remembered us when we came in the second day! :) I would definitely come back here again.Popular little place...it was packed on Sunday at noon.  Service was a little lacking on coffee refills and friendliness.  The blueberry pancakes were just canned blueberry sauce rolled inside and poured on top.  I prefer to have the blueberries cooked inside and warm syrup.  Whatever...the price is right, but I won't go out of my way to go back.This place really is like having breakfast at someones house, the staff is super friendly and it seems like everyone here is a local. The egg specials are a great deal and the pancakes are excellent. The food is not going to end up on the food channel, but for your basic down home breakfast, thats cheap enough, this is the place. I have my reservations about the waffels, the batter seems a little too sweet for me. If you leave here hungry, its your own fault.Below dive status!  But like Dana points out, the cast of characters  that comprise the clientele may as well come out of  "A Confederacy of Dunces."  You'll run into every imaginable type of person - and even ones you can't imagine - in there.
The decor, along with the hairdo's & makeup of the wait staff, all look as if they come straight out of the late 1950's.  I've only ever had breakfast there (it used to be a ritual every Sunday when I lived there).  Those buckwheat pancakes, the greasy mushroom and cheese omelet, and a bowl of grits were simply delicious.
No reservations are accepted, so if you go there on a Sunday morning, try to beat the crowds who show up after church and you may not have to wait so long.  Otherwise, up to an hours' wait is not uncommon.
Update 6-26-08...Betsy, the lady who has owned this place since its inception, was beaten, robbed, and murdered in her home some weeks ago in New Orleans.  I don't know if the place has reopened yet, but I can tell you that it is/was a New Orleans spot of legendary fame.The staff was super friendly but the breakfast food ranged from average to below average. My grits, eggs and smoke sausage were okay. However, the pancakes, which should be their signature dish, and hash browns left much to be desired. There were warning signs that we should have heeded. Such as Log Cabin syrup vs. maple syrup and Parkay vs. butter. The pancakes were not light and fluffy lacked flavor. The hash browns were one big burned mass with American cheese on top.  Other guests ordered chicken fingers and fries which were okay. Overall, we were very disappointed but hopefully they turn things around in the future.Since this place came highly recommended on yelp and several of my friends recommended it I decided to give it a try. The biggest reason I gave it a try was because it was actually open today. There was a stretch where it was actually closed for a while.
Lets start off with the customer service. Most of the other ladies were nice, however my waitress was a different story. She wasn't flat out rude or mean or nothing but she was a little curt when I first came in. I just felt like she was trying to rush me when I was ordering my food, eating my food, and paying my bill. I will admit that it didn't take very long for my food to get done. It may be pushy service but it was quick.
The food was superb. I ordered 3 eggs, hot sausage, grits, and toast. I told them I wanted my eggs "over medium" and guess what, they actually got it right!!! That is saying a lot in this city. The hot sausage was good, and so were the grits. The toast was good but I felt it had way too much butter on it. All in all the food was very good!
This place was pretty awesome. I don't see too many genuine pancake houses in this area. The decor was very nice too. But they did have a lot of signs up all over the place. I feel this restaurant caters more to an older crowd though. If you are a health food nut I wouldn't recommend this place to you, This is a greasy spoon diner.
In short good food, decent prices, but the service is a little on the pushy side.My favorite breakfast place in New Orleans.  The food is basic, nothing fancy, but it is consistent and tasty.  The service is excellent.  All of the waitresses are very friendly, even amusing some times.  The place has a very friendly, open atmosphere.  And the prices are very reasonable, almost cheap.  Get the home style hash browns.Affordable, solid breakfasts. Pancakes are huge, tasty and filling. Bacon is smoky-flavored and thick (but not too thick). And it's very inexpensive for the amount of food you get. Coffee is very dark and rich - only has Sweet-n-low and sugar - bring your own artificial sweetener if you don't like the pink stuff.  The classic egg/grit/toast/bacon breakfast is very good - excellent grits. Nice toast selection, including Rye and Raisin. Can be very busy on weekend mornings, but it's fast service so not a long wait. Get used to being called "honey" and "darlin."This is our goto spot for breakfast.  Whenever were in town,  definitely make time for here.  Can't complain at all,  when it comes to the food.  Everything taste good, prepared very well.  If you're in the area,  give this place a shot,  won't be disappointed....It's quaint and delicious comfort food. The atmosphere is "homey" starting with the entrance, which looks like the door to a relatives house. You come in and just seat yourself. It took a minute for someone to greet us, but when she did, our waitress was very pleasant and helpful. You DEFINITELY won't leave hungry.It's been at least ten years since I've eaten here and it hasn't change one tiny bit.  Run of the mill NOLA diner.  Pancakes were good but that's kind of difficult to screw up.  My sunny side-up fired egg was SWIMMING in... something.  It wasn't butter.  Also had to send it back because it wasn't cooked all the way through. Service was cheery even when I sent back my egg.  I wouldn't say this is a "go-to" place but everyone needs to come here at least once.It's like having breakfast at your Grandma's house, without being at your Grandma's house. I love the breakfast and can't seem to try anything else here. I always leave with a to-go box, as I can't just have their corned beef hash special, I also have to have pancakes (which are sooo huge). The lunch specials are awesome too. The waitresses are super nice.Best pancake house in NOLA. I have eaten here several times and they are consistently good. The service is fast the girls and guys are friendly and kind to the customers. There are a lot of regular customers that come in this restaurant and they are greeted by name. I would recommend this pancake house over the chain restaurants.This was my second time eating there. This place is a must visit when you come to the NO. So popular literally there is a line to get in. Hands down the best Shrimp and Grits. I first visited Betsy's in 2016 and had been looking forward for the second visit. Definitely a must visit...For yummy traditional breakfast food at a good price, Betsy's is the place to be. Although it was packed at noon on a Sunday, my friend and I were seated in about 10 minutes (although we took a table by the bathroom that no one else wanted). Service was quick and the staff was friendly. I got eggs, ham, and toast, which were pretty mediocre, but I wasn't expecting too much for the price. Our food came out quickly, and it was easy to pay at the counter. It's not super central, so you'll probably have to drive to get there.When you walk in to Betsy's it can be a little unclear how exactly you go about getting a table...The technique is apparently to form a line by the door going back to the bathroom (unless it's particularly busy and then apparently it snakes outside). We went on a Sunday before the Saints game and roughly 70% of people in the restaurant had on Saints gear. 
After waiting less than 5 minutes, my companion and I were sat at a table by the door. We were quickly served two cups of coffee and handed menus which have everything from Belgian waffles to spaghetti and meatballs. 
I settled on a short stack of pancakes, hash browns (shredded and 'burned') and a side of bacon which totaled about $10. The food came out slower than I would have anticipated but my companion and I were happy to chat and drink coffee while we waited. When the food did arrive, it was heavenly. Simple and straight to the point, which is exactly what I want from a diner. The hash browns had the perfect blend of crispy and soft, bacon was good, and the pancakes were huge. 
They have a sign indicating additional fees for complaining, whining, or crying. No complaining or whining from me but the taste of those pure, perfect hash browns nearly had me in tears.Nope.
Well I'm sure thirty years ago Betsy's was a good place to get a plate of breakfast, but those days are over. I ordered eggs over easy. What I got was raw eggs on a plate, cold shoe string hasbrowns and mediocre grits (that tasted like they were made by someone who's never made them before). Not going back.Since they moved away from the old location, i've ended up here thrice.  Once, on purpose, because i was nearby; twice because i couldn't convince my compatriots to go somewhere else.  
If you imagine you are not in Nola, and then imagine that the piecemeal dining area is cleaner than it is, you might end up a few steps ahead of Waffle House on a random highway.  The staff is nice if they recognize you, but that's irrelevant to the fact this is just a breakfast.  
The coffee is decent when they are busy.  
The pancakes are ok, very similar to IHOP.  I can do better with Batter Blaster.
One personal scoff:  the last 2 times i went there was only margarine at the tables, and only Butter It in the kitchen.  Gross.We were tired of driving into town and finding a park so decided to try these guys. They are in a great location, easy to find and ample parking down the side street in their own car park. We went here late morning for breakfast and it was bumping with people already having lunch. 
The meals were a great size for a gear price. The pancakes are huge! Two people could share these with a side easily! My partner tried tackling them on his own and failed - and he likes a big breakfast! I got 1 egg and toast and we shared a side of bacon. Too much for us to eat under $20 I'd definitely go back! 
I gave it 4 stars because our waitress was a little slow but I think we got a dud, the other waiters were very attentive!