Let me start by saying the staff is amazing. Always very friendly even when they're packed!
I work in the area, and I usually pick up Between the Bread once per week since it's close and easy. If you're in a rush, definitely suggest calling ahead as the line and wait can get pretty long during peak lunch hours. 
They're set menu is just okay to me, but the daily specials are where it's at. A little bit pricey for what it is, but the sandwich specials does come with a side. Not a bad place to stop and grab a bite if you're in the area and looking for somewhere casual.
Pros:
- Friendly staff
- Daily specials
- Outdoor seating
- Upstairs "loungey" area
Cons: 
- Close at 3 PM
- Can be a little pricey for what you're gettingI absolutely adore this restaurant!  First off, they've got great coffee (including different and unique bean blends), and delicious iced tea options for the coffee-phobes.  I come here whenever I can get away from the office-- great stroll to the park (BtB has blankets you can borrow to bring across the street to Lafayette Square to go hippie-style and eat out under the sun, which I love!).  Their servings are phenomenal-- enough to split with your lunch buddy! My favorite is the Main Street on wheat bread with pasta salad.   It came loaded with, I swear, 1/4 lb of turkey, and tons of bacon slices. 
Quick and friendly employees that are flexible to accommodate to your needs.  Mmm, I can't wait to come back!Great lunch spot downtown. Portions are massive. Club sandwich is enough for lunch and dinner.Their sandwiches are decent, salads are Ok and soups are fair.
The point is I can get all three of them anywhere in the area and way better than here, so why would I pay extra $ for this place!
Its an average restaurant as far as I am concerned.Got hot pastrami on sourdough bread. Bread is fresh, meat is not oily, and potato salad is mayonnaise based and fresh plus yummy. Air conditioning working on a hot day and lines are long already at 11:45 am. Bread is fresh baked and pressed perfectly.Quick service and great sandwiches. I've ordered the soup special several times, and it never disappoints. I think it was cream of asparagus once and mushroom gouda the second time, mmm mmmBetween the Bread is a great lunch place in the CBD.
I had been here a while back and had actually forgotten about it. My dining companion suggested we go here and I was glad she did.
The place is a cross between a deli and coffee shop. There are even two different counters.
We ordered the roast and onions and an open faced smoked salmon. We had the potato salad as our side.
The roast and onions is a pressed sandwich which takes a little longer to make, but it was worth the wait. It was perfectly cooked roast beef (medium rare) with caramelized onions, blue cheese and horseradish. I am not normally a deli sandwich type guy. This sandwich may have changed that. It was very good.
The open faced salmon was also enjoyed but I've never understood open faced sandwiches. It isn't really a sandwich, but it was good.
We both enjoyed the potato salad as well. It seemed to use more high end ingredients than a typical potato salad.
I do suggest you come early. Around noon is the worst time to eat anywhere downtown and this place, like everywhere will have a line.
If you're in the area and looking for a good sandwich, check this place out.Had lunch from here the other day.  Got a hot pastrimi.  LOVED it. I've gotten one of their lunch specials before.  One thing i have to say was that the sandwich was large so I was able to have the second have later.Great sandwiches/hot paninis and soups at a very reasonable price.
Pictured in my post is the hot pastrami and it was delicious.  This sandwich comes with hot mustard, therefore beware if you dont like that sort of thing.
I usually arrive there before the lunch rush hour to avoid the crowds and enjoy the limited seating space.I eat here two or three times a week (my office is across the street) and I'm a big fan.  The salads are decent, and the sandwiches are delicious.  They use quality boars head meats and have delicious artisan breads.  I usually go for whatever is their special of the day.  You can almost never go wrong.  Also, their coffee is delicious and the staff is super nice.  Yay!Had such a good experience getting lunch here yesterday that I went back today. Yesterday was 5 stars. Today was zero -- since I couldn't actually eat it. When I order a sandwich and specifically ask for no onions, it's pretty damn disappointing to get back to my office to find it piled high with onions. And they were caramelized, which means I couldn't just pick them off since they had seeped through the entire sandwich. I thought this place had potential, but if I'm paying for food, I'd really like to be able to eat it.Their salads here are always good and very fresh... Ive never had a bad one. I love their egg salad sandwich (they use a slightly spicy mustard, as if it has a touch of horseradish or something and it makes for a unique and tasty egg salad). The pasta salad you can get as a side is also really good - its not mayonnaise-y, its more pasta mixed with olive salad. Get here early though - it gets crowded at lunch and you can wind up waiting in line a long time.Mediocre granola and fruit, mediocre burnt coffee, expensive. They use yogurt with sugar in it and granola that has the dried fruit version of rocks. Plus they don't serve anything in actual bowls. Everything goes in a to-go wasteful, hard to eat out of cup. Never going again but annoyed enough to leave a review.I used to go here all the time back when I was working at the Poydras Center. Best sandwiches in NOLA if you ask me. Everything is always fresh and delicious and the hot pressed sandwiches are definitely worth the wait. I would suggest ordering take-out though because their aren't a lot of places to sit down and eat. The best thing there is the open-face salmon, your typical bagel and lox sandwich, but done so well and prepared right in front of you!~Lunch the way it should be: fast, cheap and delicious. 
I've enjoyed every sandwich I've ordered here.  The chicken salad is particularly good, and the club is big enough to suffice for two meals. 
The $1 it costs to upgrade to potato or pasta salad is well worth it.  
Call ahead to avoid waiting in line.I am just wondering how stoned all the employees are at this place? IF they get my order right, it's because I have repeated it at least 5 times. The other day I ordered a sandwich and watched at least 5 people who came in after me get their orders. Even asked and they said it wasn't ready yet.  Oh, don't worry, they had just lost my ticket so my sandwich was just sitting there. 
Guess what happened this morning?  My friend ordered a bagel with cream cheese. They put the cream cheese on the side; pretty normal. Then we walked to the office.  Guess what?  It wasn't cream cheese at all.  IT WAS MAYONNAISE.  
This place is super close to our office, so we will eat here but, please pull it together.Kind of pricey but then all of it is made fresh. I always get the daily soup and sandwich. I can never eat it all and have a nice dinner.The open faced salmon sandwich to die for. So good! I opted for the pasta instead of kettle chips and I wasn't sorry at all. I could eat the pasta all by itself with every meal.
Service was super friendly and its very convenient. 
Important to note - the coffee / beverage bar is separate from the food service partition so you'll have to pay twice. Just order your food first and then go get a beverage.These guys were great for quick breakfast! Great customer service, great atmosphere... Its the classic hole in the wall worth visiting!Really?  Egg salad ...bland.  Tuna salad...bland. Soup of the day shouldnt be served any day ending in a 'y'.  It was eggplant padm soup and was meh.   The tea of the day was 'black tea'. Can't knock the creativity...   Oh and the Caesar salad... Wow.  Stale croutons and the dressing was, well, I dunno, but wasn't Caesar...
Chance of going back. Nah
 Tell people avoid it. Yep.
How they are busy is beyond me....must be local business people in a hurry to get food, cause last I checked we are in the greatest city on the earth for food and this definitely ain't it.Best lunch spot in the CBD! Great location, friendly staff and delicious food! It right on St. Charles across from Lafayette Square. Some outdoor seating, or get it to go and go to the park. 
Between the Bread has the best Ruben Sandwich I have ever had! Hands down! I love Rubens and this is the best! They also have a really great chicken salad sandwich!A great choice for lunch delivery. They were very accommodating and arrived within 30 minutes. The portions were filling add the food was fresh. I'd give them the full 5 stars if only they had put our salads in nicer delivery container s(rather than boxes that were meant for leftovers). I'm sure the dine-in experience would have been 5 stars.Really good chicken salad! The seafood gumbo was good as well. Good selection of food and a nice casual coffee shop atmosphere right off the park. No wifi here which was a bummer for us since we wanted to do some work while we ate lunch, but that could be an easy fix!Great place for lunch! The club sandwich and hot pastrami are really good. Some people at the next table had salads that were ginormous and looked really fresh. The gentleman at the hotel's front desk recommended going here and we're so glad he did!I stopped in Between the Bread twice during my time in New Orleans. Once was to grab a quick lunch of sandwiches, and then the next morning to grab some breakfast sandwiches. It took me 3 days of various walks to find somewhere with simple breakfast sandwiches that I could grab for takeout. I was very pleased with this place but sad I found it so late! I was a fan of the design-your-own-sandwich deal. I'm a simple sandwich eater and was happy with my turkey, lettuce, and gouda. The items were well priced for the area and they also offered a very extensive cafe menu, although I did not sample any drinks. The staff was very friendly. You can call ahead to place an order if you are worried about a rush or want to get in and out in a jiffy!As a lunch option in the CBD, Between the Bread is a pretty good choice, but I wasn't dazzled. While there are a decent number of sandwich and salad options, I felt that the menu was overall pretty small and uninspired. As a few other people have mentioned, the sandwiches aren't much better than something you can make easily at home. All sandwiches are served with chips, which is a nice compliment.  On average, lunch will probably cost you between $10-$14, depending on your choice of sandwich and if you're subbing a side (like soup, salad, pasta salad, or potato salad).
I love that there is a basket of blankets next to the door with a little note attached, encouraging you to take a blanket across the street to enjoy your meal in Lafayette Square. It was such a cute sentiment. Don't forget to return the blanket if you do take one though.
Useful information: The place is slammed between 12pm and 1pm (when I arrived at 12pm there was a line to the door and all of the tables were already taken) but the place is empty between 1pm and 2pm. If you can hold out an extra hour for lunch, it might be worth the wait. That way you'll avoid the line and have a place to sit.Placed an order for delivery, since my blistered feet were not thrilled with the prospect of walking.  $20 dollar minimum for delivery, I was told.
Got a Reuben with extra 1000 island dressing, substituted pasta salad instead of chips.  The Reuben was salty, toasted, and delicious.  The pasta salad was ok, if a little bland in comparison.  Rotini pasta with bits of carrots, olives, celery.  Probably could have used a bit of oil and vinegar for added zip and moisture.
Bowl of Cajun Stew was nice; tomato based, chunks of chicken, sausage, and potatoes with rice.  A spicy heat sneaks up on you, but isn't overpowering.  More soup than stew.
Also got a side of egg salad with crackers.  Decent size scoop, will make for a light dinner later.  From the little bit I tasted, it could probably use some salt.   It did come with salted crackers, so I'm sure it'll fine.
Also got cookies - chocolate chip & oatmeal raisin.  They're large, soft, smell fabulous, not overly sweet but definitely tasty.  
Their delivery time estimate was perfect.  Would order from them again, if in the area.Great spot in the CBD to grab lunch. And everyone in the area thinks so too. It gets super crowded at lunch hour, so be prepared to give a little queue time to waiting. Otherwise, the food is great if you like fresh salads and deli sandwiches. I dig on their soups of the day and usually get a grilled cheese and they will put bacon in it for me. The hot sandwiches take a bit long to procure, but that's what I get for ordering off the more speedy menu. 
There is also a full coffee bar on the other side, so that you can get a mid afternoon pick me up.
Also, they stock Tab. Yes the old fashioned diet soda.This place has the best coffee I have ever had. Totally unexpected. Hopefully it wasn't just a fluke because I plan on going back all the time now. 
I also really like the atmosphere. The store was about to close when I was in there and the owner (I think) was doing inventory or preparing a catering order or something, but he was also engaging with customers and staff. Everyone just seemed so cheerful and happy to be there, it almost made me want to quit my job and become a barista.
Now I just need to find out if they have wifi; then I'll probably be there at least once a week.Absolutely fabulous - We had a group of 40 - needed breakfast sandwich - the food was excellent, the orders were correct, the price was right, they packaged them in a way that made it easy to pass out to our group of many.  Delivery was on-time.  Very easy to work with.
I would definitely use them again for any group or personal situation.Went here for lunch with a coworker today.  Place gets real busy and real backed up.  My coworker ordered the split pea soup and she loved it.  I ordered potato soup which was delicious and herby.  I also got half the border turkey sandwich.  Real turkey great cheese not a fan of the asparagus on the sandwich and I do like asparagus.  I just didn't think it melded together. AND I just realized I got charged $2.00 for using my debit card!  NEVER AGAIN!!!!It is really ashame, because the food here is really good and the owner seems to really care about his customers. I haven't had the best experiences with the rest of the staff. My order was rarely ever correct. When I did speak with the owner he graciously offered a free sandwich to make up for the several previous mistakes. Be aware you have to call at roughly 9:00 AM to have your lunch delivered before 1 PM, if they even have delivery still available. I called this morning to see if I could get my gratis sandwich delivered. Nope, they hit me with minimum of $20 for delivery. I asked if an exception might be made in my case, as I know they deliver in my building on a daily basis (and likely would have business there anyway). Nope. It's not always easy for me to get away from the office and it would have been greatly appreciated if an exception could have been made in the name of customer service. One day, when I can, I will likely pick up the sandwich out of principal, but I don't plan on spending any of my money here.I came here on my way to a business meeting when I stayed at the Lafayette Hotel. We were walking down Poydras so I needed something that I could eat and walk at the same time without tripping on the uneven sidewalks that we know and love. I'm not a huge granola eater, but when the staff told me it was homemade and one of their favorites on the menu, I decided to go with the parfait with fresh fruit and granola. OH MY STARS, BATMAN. The crunch on this stuff was fantastic, full of honey and delicious oats without being sickeningly sweet. The yogurt and fresh fruit was a tremendous addition to the mix, and I didn't fall on my face on the way to the meeting! 
PS the staff could not have been nicer, we commiserated about the Jimmy Graham trade (which had happened the night before) and of course, they pointed me in the direction of this fabulous granola so I've got nothing but love for them. 
GO HERE. Breakfast AND lunch.Last time I went the salad (Caesar) was plain boring. I know, my fault, it's a Caesar. But the soup special was just terrible. I'm only giving them 3 stars because the food has been better in the past. But I rarely look forward to going to BtB, and mostly only go because friends drag me along.
Much better food and much better bang for the buck at Welty's Deli. But maybe I should stop telling people that so I can avoid the lines...As one of my favorite sandwiches is a reuben, I ordered that to go one day from Between the Bread for lunch.  It was quite good, but I wasn't sure it justified the expense.  The next time I found myself needing to work through lunch and craving a ruben to go, however, I scored and discovered the key to making this place feel like a true value.  
The special that day happened to be a reuben with a side of pasta salad or potato salad at no extra charge (normally a $1 upgrade).  So I warily went with the potato salad when the guy who took my order told me it contained no raw onions, he was pretty sure.  I have been misled by onion eaters before, but since the potato chip side I got the first time with my reuben was meh, I went with it.  This, my friends, is the way to go.  There really are no onions in the potato salad, I can assure you, and it is well-flavored and ever-so-yummy.  Well worth the extra $1.  
Since then I have also gotten the grilled cheese and tomato sandwich, which is made with their homemade pimento cheese, and is a bit greasy for me.  I love pimento cheese sandwiches, but grilled, honestly, may be a bit too much.  Still, I can't deny that it was tasty.  Another sandwich that I've tried from there that is really delicious is the roast beef with caramelized onion and blue cheese.  And always, with a side of potato salad.Great foods and view! Nicest owner and workers there too! Generous delicioud portions and great, polite service!I love, love love their special salads & sandwiches. I've been going since they opened - everything is fresh and a nice quantity & if you have diet restrictions they really work with you to make sure you get what you need. Everyone who works there is super friendly and I usually start my day by checking what their special salad is - it's easy to get in a lunch rut, but at Between the Bread they have a great menu so you can have a favorite or try something different with the salad of the day. I love this place!What a great place for a casual breakfast!  Open face salmon sandwich and breakfast sandwich were great, and generous portions.  Note the hours, tho.  Closed weekends and stops breakfast at 1030.Best sandwich shop other than Steins and certainly the best sandwich shop downtown.  Great, fresh ingredients.  Nice people, full coffee bar.  Great daily specials.  There can be quite a line at lunch time (for a reason).  I especially like the roast beef and blue cheese sandwich if I am being decadent and the veggie salad with the sliced roast chicken if I am not.  Dressings are all very good and homemade.  All ingredients top notch.  Wish there was one in my neighborhood.Excellent sandwich!  Fresh bread, meats, cheeses and vegetables. Value and portions are the best I have found in this overpriced town.  Had a ham and Swiss on rye. Next time I will try the Reuben.When you're in the mood for a great classic deli sandwich, this is the place.  Across from Lafayette Square, a great selection of choices awaits you and all of them are delicious.  Don't be concerned if there's a line... it moves quickly but unhurriedly.  My recommended choice is the Main Street on multi-grain toast.  A generous-sized sandwich made with premium ingredients.  Also a great place for informal business lunch meetings.  A little noisy but casual cool.Located in the CBD, near the courthouse and federal building, not only is this place way overpriced but way over-hyped in these reviews. The food is average at best. I guess people enjoy $9.00 sandwiches with chips, $1.25 can of soda, and also enjoy waiting 13-20 minutes (or more) for their food. Bad air conditioning plus lots of sitting customers equals lousy ventilation...you will sweat waiting for food. The first time I ate there, I waited 16 minutes for a sandwich and chips; the second time I decided to leave after 26 minutes. Imagine sitting there watching people order after you did and pick up food before you! Twenty-six minutes! For a sandwich? 
The person behind the counter comes over to me and says, "You have been waiting here a long time." Really, Captain Obvious? Then after asking my name, she could not find my order ticket.  One of the stellar sandwich makers decided they were going to bury it on the counter. Maybe they did not like my long hair, I don't know. 
After 26 minutes, I decided I had lost my appetite, and told them I did not want the meal. It would be easy to dispute the credit card charge because I never received the food.  After I left, the owners decided to cover their butts by having my co-worker to take my order (she was there getting food also); so now I can not dispute the credit card charge. With four or five sandwich makers behind the counter things like this should never happen. 
This place is typical of New Orleans CBD:  Over-priced and mediocre tasting food. They jack up the prices because they know people will come and pay whatever price they decide "the market" dictates. 
First visit, 16 minutes...second visit, 26 minutes...covering your butt to keep your $12.00...shame on y'all. Never again.This place was conveniently located across the street from our hotel (la Fayette hotel) so that was awesome how close it was. We were going on a swamp tour and the bus was picking us up between 8 and 830 so I called around 740 to order 2 breakfast sandwiches with turkey on a croissant, and a coffee for pick up and they were ready by 755 so that was great. The lady who took the order was kind of attitudey over the phone and even more so in person so that was annoying. The sandwiches were fine but they only had hot sauces for condiments. I wanted ketchup or mayo or mustard, something to put on the sandwich to give it an extra kick but there were zero options and that was beyond annoying. I wish they were more considerate for people who don't drench their food in hot sauce. The sandwich would've been much better if I had something with it.This is one of the hip places to go for a quick lunch in the CBD.  Of course, given that the choices in the CBD for a casual lunch are rather limited and that almost everyone in the area is of the hip up-and-coming variety, this isn't saying much.  They offer standard cafe fare: soup, sandwiches, quiches, and salads.  I went on a busy Wednesday last summer.  The crowd was pretty much too cool for school, which totally turned me off.  That, coupled with the fact that it was loud and super hard to find a place for my friend and me to sit down, sort of turned me off from the get go.
The special of the day was a half salad and half sandwich.  I ordered the smoked salmon salad, described as "sliced smoked salmon on a bed of mixed greens with tomato, hard boiled egg, capers, red onion, cucumber and kosher pickle."   The salad itself was pretty good, but it needed more capers or something.  I believe I got the balsamic vinaigrette to accompany, which was probably a bad choice.  Next time, I think that bleu cheese or dijon vinaigrette would be the way to go to perk up the bland salmon, etc. 
I also ordered the chicken pesto sandwich, which was also overly bland and dry.  In retrospect, I think I should have gone for the vegetarian option, mostly because I just prefer veggie sandwiches for their texture and taste.  Also, pesto to me just lacks any real flavor (burned tabasco taste buds), so I think, again, this was just a poor choice given my palate.
I'd love to give this place another go, but it may be a while.It's in a good location for CBD business.  Clean, open atmosphere with a more private upstairs balcony (inside).
They do pretty good with sandwiches, just the basics.  They make an excellent club sandwich and a good reuben (which a lot of places have a hard time with).  I would highly recommend the sandwiches.
The salads are hit and miss.  Some have been good, but others just seem to fall flat.  It's hard to describe, either the ingredients are slightly stale or inexpensive.  I was rather disappointed with the chef's salad.
Their coffee and tea bar are a plus; not as good as PJs across the street but it's a nice bonus that other downtown eateries don't have.  All-in-one stop for lunch and a relaxing coffee after.Don't come here with anything special in mind. Rated as one of the best, we came for a pastrami sandwich. They were out of pastrami. OK, corned beef, but they were out of rye bread. And they wanted to put honey mustard on it, when Dijon was a choice. Two timer, first and last.The best tuna salad I've ever eaten.  Its NOT from a can.  Where else can you get tuna salad not from a can??
Prices are a bit high but quality is great.  
I'd recommend it.Tasty, affordable sandwiches and soups. A great place to pick up lunch if you are in town.I didn't like my chicken sandwich too much, and the chips were pretty hard and not too flavorful. My gf loved her salad though. They had a lot of salad combos to choose from. And there is a coffee shop in there as well. 
As for me, I'll let her keep this place as one of her go to spots. I liked the indoor balcony seating too.Duuuuuuuuude, this place is awesome. Chill atmosphere - we sat on the sofas upstairs and it was really enjoyable. Split the triple club and REALLY glad I did - it's HUGE and 1/2 was more than enough. Loads of turkey, ham, and bacon. Some kind of crack in the mayonnaise bc it's amazing too. Pickles and jalapeños on the side are a nice touch. We both left feeing full and it was only a $10 lunch!Nice & friendly staff!
had the roast beef sandwhich... a little dry even though I had mayo on it....Looking for a quick place to grab some lunch while on our lunch break from jury duty, we decided to try something new and come here. The line didn't look too long, but we ordered our food to go just to be safe. It's a good thing we did because it took a lot longer than we expected for a grilled pimento cheese sandwich, tuna salad sandwich, and 2 soups. 
I got the grilled pimento cheese sandwich on sourdough and it came with a slice of tomato on it. It was delicious! I didn't care for the soup (tomato and vegetable soup with noodles) because it had peas in it and my inner 5 year old came out and I had to carefully look at each spoonful before eating it...not good when you're trying to hurry! 
I'm sure we will return, but we may order in advance to skip the line.I've ordered catering from Between the Bread three times in the last week and every time it has been on-time, healthy and packaged and ready to go for me. The staff is so friendly and knew my name by the second order.
Considering that for the same price I got very sad, tasteless sandwiches from Rouses, I'll definitely be going back to Between the Bread. Quality food at a really good price.My favorite lunch place when I'm working in the CBD. Their soups, typically the daily special, have been amazing. I've tried their wraps, sandwiches, soups, and of course, their cookies, and all have been delicious.After eating and drinking for a couple of days in Nola, my body was aching for some vegetables. This place fit the bill. Had a roasted asparagus salad and roasted red pepper soup combo. My salad had a few wilted lettuce pieces, but otherwise it was delish. Goat cheese, cucumbers, tomatoes and a boiled eggs on a bed of roasted asparagus and greens made for a tasty combination. Would go back for sure!Good sandwich place in the CBD. This little deli/ coffee shop serves huge sandwiches with junks of meat in it, which is reflected by its price. The place is quite small with a little second floor to it, deli style. The sandwiches itself was quite good. I personally had the Southern chicken sandwich I think. Can't really remember the name of my sandwich. All I could remember is that it was big enough to where I had to save half of it for later on in the day, and I can eat quite a lot. 
The sandwich had premium cold cuts and cheese, with tomatoes, lettuce, and avocado. Good sandwich overall, and I had a side of pasta salad along with that, which wasn't overly salty (which is good). My friend had the roast and onion, and me being more of a roasted beef guy, kind of wish I had order that.  
Overall, a good place to go for a sandwich if you're tired of Jimmy Johns and Subway.Can a place be friendlier than this? Located on front of the charming Lafayette Square, they have blankets and invite you to take one with your coffee to enjoy the outdoors in the square and return them later. Also, I was amazed at the honesty: I was visiting New Orleans for the first time, and on my way to the airport back home the last day I realized I had forgotten my credit card at Between the Bread that morning! I found their phone in the internet, saw that they were already closed but still gave it a shot at ringing them. Not only the person who answered was super nice, THEY MAILED ME THE CREDIT CARD I HAD FORGOTTEN THERE! I was really amazed and happy. Next time I'm in New Orleans (and I hope I can go back soon, such a wonderful town) I'll definitely have some coffee (and buy some delicious deli items too) at Between the Bread!Very convenient workday lunch location in the CBD -- almost directly across from Lafayette Square.
This is a bright and airy sandwich and salad shop with a main level and a loft with a few more tables and even a couch (where it is a bit quieter than downstairs).  Though it is not a cheap meal, the quality of food here outweighs the cost by far.
I've had the spinach salad and the reuben sandwich.  Both items met my expectations with regard to ingredients, portion size, quality, preparation, and cost.  
The reuben sandwich was the big surprise for me - it was PERFECT!  Marble rye, corned beef, sauerkraut, swiss, and thousand island all grilled Panini style.  It is the only reuben I've found in 2  1/2 years of living here that is exactly what a reuben should be!!  It also comes with more than enough kettle chips and a pickle.  
I used the online menu to decide, placed my order by phone and walked in 15 minutes later to easily see the sign that told me where to pick up my order (the coffee bar).  
On my way out, there was a basket off to the side containing rolled up throw/fleece blankets with a sign that read something like "It's a nice day, take a blanket to Lafayette Square."  How cool is that?
The reuben more than covered my allotted fat food intake for a few days, but I will definitely be going back, as this place has lots of standard lunch food that I love!  (They even do a grilled PB&J and I thought I was the only person in the universe who would eat such a thing!)A great CBD lunchbreak spot.  Several tables by the counter and an open loft area above with more seating.  Portions were great, not HUGE but enough to make a lunch, and prices are on par with other CBD spots.  Sandwiches come with kettle chips included, but I heard the pasta salad is worth the extra $1.  I have no complaints about the fresh veggie sandwich I got, NOT saturated in oil (bonus points for that).  We got there around 11:30am and nobody else there, but it filled up as we were finishing.  I'm sure I'll be back to try their salads and breakfast items!We have had them cater box lunches a couple time to our office. The box lunches are so filling and the sandwiches and cookies are amazing. We have also eaten in the restaurant and enjoyed the atmosphere. They always provide a large amount of food for the price and it has been delicious every time. 
Only reason I gave it 4 stars is sometimes the catering can be delivered and sometimes it can't. It depends on if the driver is working or not. Also, if you are getting it catered for a large group, call a couple days ahead of time to give them a heads up.BtB offers a break from the spicy Cajun meals you'd pack in during a visit to New Orleans.  If you're staying in the CBD, come here for fresh sandwiches, soups, or salads and feel good about having a lunch as if you were working in the area, but you don't have to go back to the office.  
Only open during business days, consider yourself lucky if you have a chance to stop in.  Upstairs seating is available, as well as some tables and chairs outside, and they even offer blankets to take out to the nearby square.  BtB might not be such a hot spot in other bustling cities with sandwich places on every corner, but here it feels like a real gem.Prices are a little high for the quality. Sandwiches are somewhat mediocre with very little flavor, although everything is fresh. What cheeses they use have no flavor whatsoever.  VERY long wait times.This is the MOST irresistible part of my work day!  It is BY FAR the best place in the CBD that delivers.  The food is flavourful, reasonable, and so fresh!  there's obviously a lot of pride in the product.  I absolutely adore their rare roast beef, but I am equally wild about the soups and other sandwhiches.  As a matter of fact, of the last 10 meals I have eaten at lunch from them, there hasn't been a single disappointment.  The pasta and potato salad are amazing (worth the extra $1) .  What they do, they do well.  AND my hot sandwhiches always arrive at the office, hot! same with the soups.  Since it's not super-cheap, I TRY to limit myself to once a week.  There's a $15 minimum for delivery, so a co-worker and I usually coordinate our orders.  They have delivery times, and only once were they not as punctual as promised. The cookies are delish also ( I got one when I was trying to get my single order to $15).Great food! Huge portions! Well priced! We thoroughly enjoyed eating lunch here.I love this place.  Just down the street from my office the lunch crowd tends to order out from here often.  The sandwiches have always been tasty and the ingredients are always fantastically fresh.
I love that I can sub a salad for the chips.  It gives me a welcome alternative to leaving them on the plate.  The asian ginger dressing is fantastic.  And i 'm more than slightly addicted to it.  There is always enough for lunch the following day.
The only downside is the small space, eating there is rarely an option, but the fantastic food and friendly staff make it worth the trip.I stopped in here to get some coffee and something quick for breakfast; I spent 10 minutes getting ignored by the women behind the counter who spent the entire time on her cell phone, to then be told they were no longer serving breakfast because it was 10:35 am. And then when I went over to the coffee counter to at least by a cup of coffee, I was completely ignored by the man working behind the counter. So I walked out the door and went to Starbucks instead.Was meeting a friend for lunch so we could eat in the park.  She told me to call ahead because this place gets slammed.  She wasn't kidding.  I ordered at 11:30, turned around from the register and saw the hordes of ham-hungry folks.  I got the Dagwood special with chips for $10. Turkey, ham, bacon, Swiss, cheddar, tomato pressed.  
It took them a while to get it together, and the bread was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside.  I was definitely full, but I'm not sure the sandwich was worth the cost.This review is strictly based on delivery only. I have not made it into the actual restaurant.
We order take out from here every so often and we enjoy it quite a bit. The portions are good sized and the quality is great.
My coworkers and I typically like to order the sandwich and soup combos. My favorite is their pimento cheese on sourdough. They have a very tasty chicken and dumpling soup, too. Pretty much everything I have tried from here has been great.
They do free delivery within the CBD, but you need to have a minimum order of $15.00Delicious breakfast sanwhiches, however, very strong coffee...hot chocolate was best! 
Wonderful staff...dog friendly patio...What a pretty place to sit outside on a city sidewalk, under an umbrella, sipping a hearty coffee, and enjoying the view (in between a trolley crossing or two) of Lafayette Square.  A mid-morning breakfast sandwich hit the spot - made of egg, bacon, tomato, and leaf lettuce on a croissant.  Interestingly, the croissant was pressed like a Cuban sandwich, making it easier to handle.  Service was prompt, attentive and well-informed.Stopped in here a couple of weeks ago and was impressed. The restaurant decor is sparse, but still welcoming. It's also very clean, which is not always guaranteed in New Orleans deli situations. The staff were kind and efficient, and my sandwich (BLT w/ pimento cheese - say what?!?) was really good. 
My only complaint is pretty tiny - my sandwich was a little dry for me, and in retrospect I should have asked for a little mayo on the side. I think that most people would be more than satisfied with the creaminess of the pimento to add the right amount of moisture to the sandwich, but for me it could have had just a bit more mayo to even it out. I'll definitely be going back in the future, maybe to try the soup and sandwich deal.As of late, this is my go-to lunch spot for soup, sandwiches, salads and a nice atmosphere. Everything I've ordered so far has been tasty - I love their market chicken salad and potato salad. Expect to wait a little longer if you're ordering a panini, which is understandable. Points to them for saying this on their menu sign to avoid grumpy customers. I think their daily specials are good values too. I'm here once a week usually! It's a convenient walk from my building for take-out or eating in. Nice location across the street from Lafayette Square. Looking forward to my next visit!So upset with Between the Bread!  I will give credit where it's due, their chicken salad sandwich is delicious!!!  However, their service has MUCH to be desired!  I ordered an office lunch (9 sandwiches) at 9:30 a.m. to be delivered between 1:30 and 2:00, they assured me it would get here on time.  I called at 1:45 to find out if it was on its way, and I got a very rude person who said, "no, he hasn't left, we were slammed for lunch, we are "trying" to get to your order!"  Are you serious?  I don't care how slammed you got for lunch, I ordered 4 1/2 hours early to assure prompt delivery!  And when the delivery guy got here (much after 2:00), he simply said that the woman taking the order should never have told me it would be here by 2:00 and that she got "yelled" at for telling me a time that my food would be here!  They were so rude in how they handled the situation.  So, FYI, don't expect your pre-order to be guaranteed because apparently, the lunch crowd comes first.  My order was just under $100.00, but they didn't seem to care!Fantastic, actually good and you get what you pay for. A rare good, affordable place in New Orleans. They serve hundreds of deliveries each morning and that just proves how good it is.We stopped in for lunch and had sandwiches and a cookie. The service was quick, the portions were perfect for lunch, and the prices were reasonable. The staff was attentive and welcoming. Perfect for a quick, lighter lunch.I had the pressed Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich for breakfast and it was to die for. It was warm and gooey and perfectly toasted and pressed. I have never had a PB & J sandwich that tasted this good before. I highly recommend stopping by for breakfast and having this amazing sandwich.This was the perfect place to pick up a quick lunch after roaming around the CBD on a cold morning. I got a salad and a club sandwich to share between my wife and I. The food was delicious, and the portions generous. The bread, lettuce, bacon, other meat and the chips that came with the sandwich were all top-notch.
I got it to-go, but the inside was very clean, open and inviting. If I wasn't in a hurry, I would have gotten some coffee and hung out for a while. I have to say though, it strikes me as odd when I see the coffee bar completely separate from the food-ordering part of the deli. It makes it look like the coffee bar is a separate business that just rents space.Great coffee, delicious pastrami sandwich, crispy kettle chips, fast & friendly service, and reasonable prices - all of that with nice walking accessibility to the business district *and* a park across the street.I was skeptical at first but this place was able to accommodate a big lunch order very efficiently. They were so kind and helpful and made sure to check my order for accuracy before I left. They even helped me carry everything to my car! The food itself is great too. The chips were regular kettle chips, and I got the chicken pesto sandwich which was amazing. Great service and great food.Food is great but the customer service sucks. Called to place delivery order because the COMPANY ADVERTISES FREE DELIVERY but the guy had a tone on the phone as if I were calling him on his day off. Then proceeded to say it will not be delivered for another 30 minutes and I work literally a block away. Not to mention he said my food would take 3 minutes to make. So I'm sure it'll be cold when I take my first bite. Thanks.