Bevi's boiled crawfish were awesome. Just enough spice. The wait was annoying, but they were doing the best they could. Definitely will be back!We walked in last weekend and got a pound of crawfish with potatoes and corn. It was so so so delicious. i will absolutely be back over and over again. Yes!The po-boys, soup, and gumbo here are excellent.  I had the "Smoky Oyster" and my mother had the shrimp. 
The deal is, if you are eating in, you can get.a 1/2 po-boy and a cup of soup for.the price of the po-boy. The smoked eggplant soup was very good but my mother's gumbo looked amazing.  It had a nice, dark chocolaty roux and huge shrimp and oysters in it. This is notable because it can be somewhat difficult to find good gumbo at a restaurant.  
The girl behind the counter was very nice and I love the location. Highly recommended.One word, amazing. The price for the crawfish was unbeatable, $4 per pound of crawfish. My friends and I shared 2 lbs of crawfish and it was plenty because we wanted to get other things to try. We also got the seafood platter, the catfish po boy, the gumbo, and the beef debris fries. 
Not only is the food cheap, but the quality is unbeatable. The clams were fried to perfection and the cocktail sauce went perfectly with the fried shrimp. The catfish was so incredibly tender. I will definitely recommend this place to other people going to New Orleans.Love the crawfish and the fudge! Always a long line, but it moves quickly. We ordered 20 lbs of crawfish to go. We enjoyed the freshness of the seafood for sure.wow, what a treat! i'm from louisiana, so i know about crawfish, and let me tell you, bevi sure has some great ones! the shells are perfectly tender - no problem chewing them like some other places in town!So much chatter about their crawfish I decided this would be the place for my first batch of the season.  I made the right choice.  We showed up just in time to.  By the time we ordered and sat down there was a line out of the door.  The crawfish were great but I must say the tator tots were outstanding.  Crunchy... just how I like them.  2 lbs of crawfish, an order of tots and an Abita for $16... ya can't beat that!They have the second best roast beef Po Boy in Mid-City and their other sandwiches are pretty good too with their Peacemaker po boy being a good highlight.  Their boiled shrimp and crawfish just aren't as good as my other preferred spots and on my last visit the crawfish were really undersized compared to several other places I had recently eaten some bugs.  The seating can get pretty hard to find on the weekends in here but during the week it is usually easy enough to grab a spot at the bar.  Sometimes you can order from the bar but when it's crowded you just have to stand in line and order at the front register and then hope a seat clears out after you have paid for your food.Great seafood! My husband surprised me today with boiled crawfish and shrimp. They were perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. Will be back soon.Always on a never ending quest for great oyster po boys. Hubby thought we should try this one out. I like the laid back vibe inside. Wait staff was pretty friendly. She knew everyone that walked in...not sure if that means the same few people come in over and over. Lol. Oyster poboy with bacon n smoked gouda caught eye..just a tad bit disappointing. Gouda was a bit thick so it overpowered the oyster. Liked the sesame seed bread and cold beer on tap. Will give them another shot when crawfish season rolls around again..have outdoor space to enjoy them.I was craving gumbo as we drove by this place. We went in to check it out and I decided on a shrimp poboy and a bowl of gumbo. Yummo!!! The shrimp was huge and fresh. I don't usually care for French bread with sesame seeds on top but it was so good, I didn't mind. The gumbo was delicious. We liked the vibe of the place. Boiled seafood looked delicious and beer on tap. We'll be back for a few pounds of boiled crawfish. The prices were decent too. :) Nothing fancy. Just good food.Always great! Always take out of town friends here for po boys. Right now they have a blood orange and honey suckle daiquiri! Yum!!!!! Also kat is always friendly and always remembers us and our dog!This is a small, yet busy place in Mid-City, New Orleans. It seems that their main thing is boiled seafood and po-boys, but we ordered Seafood Platters. We all agreed that the platters were large, perfectly fried, and nicely seasoned, but found that the tartar sauce had an odd citrus aspect (which could just be an unfamiliar style of it, to us). Sadly, the platter did not come with a green salad, but it did include a tasty potato salad. The fries, catfish, shrimp, and oysters were all good. I think we prefer the Metairie location, but we would recommend this one. RJTWhat does a girl who is allergic to shellfish buy at a Seafood establishment?   Debri fries!  They were so good I can not wait to go back.   They had 2 kinds of debris fries, I did not get the one with prom belly.   The portion was enormous and I could not finish it solo. The establishment looked clean but honestly at almost 9 months pregnant I did not explore.Five stars for the food, 4 for the ambience. The decor is more diner chic than fish shack. You order at the counter and there is limited seating available where they will bring the food to you. The crawfish were quite good. They tend to be on the less spicy side but do have a complex flavor. We got there at opening and they wouldn't let us order the crawfish until they came out. So if you happen to get them when a batch first comes out they will be hot temperature wise but if you get there at the tail end of a batch I would guess they would be not so hot. While we were waiting for the crawfish to be ready we had the seafood gumbo (excellent), the peacemaker po boy (quite good although I agree the sesame seed bread takes a little getting used to), tater tots (what's not to like about tater tots), the spicy fried potatoes (the tater tots were better), and the Barbecue shrimp (also good, they give you a lot more shrimp than places in the CBD and French Quarter). Would definitely go back.I've been here two times in the last month. The service is nothing short of atrocious. We ordered 2.5 lbs of shrimp (already boiled), an order of fries, and two orders of boiled potatoes. It took 45 minutes to receive food. Bevi is understaffed and poorly managed. The food isn't worth the headache.Purchased some delicious crabs to supplement our catch in the bayou. Very well-seasoned and fresh!Deliciousness all the way around.Crawfish A+,service,really clean inside,the poboys were great.The catfish was excellent fried and seasoned to perfection.Had a great lunch consisting of the ham and cheese po boy and 4lbs of crawfish without sides. They made a great po boy, the ham was a good thick cut placed on the griddle to crisp up a little before being placed on the bread.  I would definitely come back to try another option like the roast beef. The crawfish could have been a little spicier but everyone's taste buds are different.  The crawfish were fresh and the price was more than reasonable at only $3.75/lb.The smoked seafood gumbo and the cochon de lait poboy were both, in my opinion, outstanding.  My wife had the shrimp poboy and thought it was delicious as well.Ate Craw fish and tried the shrimp poy boy and I will be going back. From Houston and haven't found a place like it back homeDon't waste your time...GO SOMEWHERE ELSE
We came at 1pm on a Sunday for lunch. The person at the counter did not greet us. My friends and I were really disappointed that they didn't have crawfish since it is "out of season. But we were willing to try the other menu options. We took a while deciding then we finally walked up to the register. My friend attempted to order crabs and shrimp with corn and potatoes. Only to be told that they were OUT of all those options. She specifically said "we are out of all sides". I don't understand why the girl working there couldn't have given us that disclaimer when we first walked in. And why are you out of sides only two hours after you open?! Just do yourself a favor and keep on driving to Cajun Seafood. Btw surprise, surprise...they had delicious CRAWFISH AND SIDES at Cajun Seafood. Couldn't have been that hard to get some Bevi.Early in the season and the crawfish were good size and had the perfect kick of spice. They didn't have traditional crawfish boil sides(the woman let me know they would start serving them in about 1 week)
So she recommended the crispy boiled potatoes which were AMAZING! Boiled whole potato fried to crisp the skin served with remoulade.
Full menu had great options and very friendly woman behind the counter! Welcome to the neighborhoodWent here for the first time with a friend to get a couple pounds of crawfish and a Dixie.  We got there around 3pm on a weekday so it wasn't very busy, but I've definitely driven by when the line is out the door.
The crawfish were delicious!  We'll definitely be back.Wanted to try some crawfish in New Orleans since I'm from Houston. Very disappointed crawfish was cold. I'll stick to crawfish pot in Houston.Good, cheap, outdoor seating, beer . . . What more do you want?
2lbs of crawfish, delicious (even a touch spicy) corn, and some spectacular potato salad with two beers for around twenty bucks was enough for two to be pleasantly full and ready to go enjoy city park.
If you are in the area, go here.Fabulous! Great fresh daily menu. Amazing boiled crawfish. Don't miss out on fried oyster Poboy and perhaps some of the best gumbo in town. We eat at Bevi often. They even have a frozen daiquiri machine and use fresh local fruit when available. Can't beat the quality service and price. No frills dining. Get there early or they will run out of favorites. That's how fresh everything is.Awesome crawfish, awesome service, awesome prices.
You're also able to eat inside which is another big plus.
Okay second time going back in less than a week! This time I went during my lunch break (my job is right next door woo!) I ordered the shrimp po boy...which was great! And can I say again how awesome the service is! Even the to-go service lol! I officially love Bevi's!I have been a frequent customer of Bevi seafood for a couple of years now. Today was the worst experience I have had in food quality and customer service. I was on hold for 15 minutes to place an order stood in line for another 10 minutes. When I got home to eat my food the fish was soggy and had a bad taste. When I called to complain I was interrupted several times with excuses before I could completely explain what my problem was. The lady said I took 45 minutes to  pick up my food that's why it was soggy.  That was a lie because I ordered on my way from work and it only takes 15 minutes to get there from my job.  I was already outside when she came back to take my order. Also she told me 7 minutes for the food to be ready it should take aittle longer to prep and fry fish and sides. And then the bad taste she had no excuse for but she had rude and nonchalant attitude as it whatever it was my problem. I will not be returning or recommend anyone else to return.Food was spot on! 
We went to the Metairie location and ordered some boiled crabs, 2 soup and sandwich combos - 1/2 shrimp Poboy with a bowl of Red Bean Bisque, 1/2 Cochon De Lait with a bowl of gumbo - kids catfish plate, a kids shrimp plate, and a few sodas. 
Restaurant was clean with just enough seating to fit the lunch crowd, food was fresh and seasoned nicely. Prices were reasonable for what they offered you. The did sprinkle some crab boil (guessing) on top of the boiled crabs, not a big fan of it, but I would simply request it without it next time.  
Putting this place on our return list! Can't wait for our next trip there! :)Great flavor. Wish they stuffed their poboys with a little more seafood. Might have been a little skimpy the day I ordered.I finally decided to give this place a try after being in the area and desperate for seafood. If you know me, being a NOLA native I live for some good seafood. I have nothing but good things to say, the customer service was great and ohhh my god, the crawfish... sooo good. I hate to say it but better than some of my favorite spots lol. You know it's good crawfish when ya nose is running and that's before you even start sucking the heads. I decided to just try one before i left and ended up eating half the bag outside, in the rain lol oops!What does a girl who is allergic to shellfish buy at a Seafood establishment?   Debri fries!  They were so good I can not wait to go back.   They had 2 kinds of debris fries, I did not get the swine fries I think it has pork belly.   The portion was enormous and I could not finish it solo. The establishment looked clean but honestly at almost 9 months pregnant I did not explore.It was up to me to pick the crawfish spot this Friday.  Yelp just sent us a "Who's your Crawdaddy" restaurant email, so I thought we'd try a few places off the list.  Why limit yourself to one restaurant per night? 
Bevi's was our second stop of the night.  We tried them last year and remember the crawfish being tasty.  Repeat performance did not disappoint.  The boil was great.  We got 4 lbs for me and Shari V.  Size was good.  Crawfish were clean.  No too many broken ones, straight tails (I eat these anyway) or fishy ones.  The seasoning was on point.  I love a well-seasoned boil.  Brings a tear to my eye thinking about these delicious crustaceans.  In short, strong batch.  Nicely sized and seasoned.  5/5.  I wanted to try the corn, potatoes, garlic, etc.  But they were out by the time we ordered.  I was just glad that had crawfish. 
So why the 3 stars.  First off all, the lady behind the counter was quite the pill.  She was rude to just about every customer I saw her handle.  She was condescending not only to patrons but also a fellow employee.  It was semi-busy at Bevi's but that doesn't excuse her behavior.  I just found this lady really off-putting.  Her crawfish were great, but not that good.
The ambiance is more sports baresque than dine in spot.  It's fast casual, so you order at the counter, then find a seat.  Mostly high tops with about 10 tables.  There are a few picnic tables outside, but the positioning of these tables is a little too close to the road for me.  I'd rather not taste exhaust with my crawfish.
In short, I might eat at Bevi's in a pinch...but likely not.  Our regular crawfish spot makes Bevi's look like amateur hour.Bevi serves my favorite poboys and crawfish in town.  Peacemaker is addictive.  Get some crawfish and a daquiri and go eat out on the picnic tables.We recently hosted a Rehearsal Dinner for our son and his new bride in NOLA. My son requested boiled crawfish - specifically from Bevi Seafood in Mid-City! 
Chef Justin from Bevi Seafood was super to work with by phone and in person. He met with the owner of the Irish Cultural Museum ahead of time to square away all the details. We requested crawfish delivery at 7:00pm and Chef Justin was there in person at 7:00 promptly, delivering 150 lbs. of hot crawfish!  He provided a pirogue, a large scoop, and large serving trays. Our guests were thrilled (especially the bride and groom!) 
About the crawfish....they were piping hot, seasoned to perfection, easy to peel - truly a success! Oh, and they came with delicious corn and potatoes too. 
We can give Chef Justin our highest recommendation as a crawfish caterer!Been wanting to try Bevi for a while and finally made it yesterday for some crawfish. I liked it a lot! I want to get back soon to try some of their other offerings, but for the first visit it was just crawrish (and fixins).
Prices were pretty good on the day of my visit -- $4/lb. They came out fast and there was seating available both inside and outside. My only complaint about the crawfish would be that they weren't particularly hot. They were warm, but not burn-your-fingers hot. I don't like burning my fingers, but when they come out that hot, they stay hot for longer.
In terms of size, there were some absolute monsters and there were a few on the small size. Most were pretty medium. Flavor-wise, I thought they were quite good. Had some spice but it wasn't over the top. For spiciness, try eating some of the celery from the boil. It really seems to soak up the spike and provides a nice kick when you want one. They were very juicy, too, so good for all you head suckers out there.
I liked the atmosphere (casual) and the people were all very nice. Next time I have a hankering for a po-boy or something, I'll head back so that I can sample some other stuff. But for now, nice work Bevi!Great renovation of small building. This is the 3rd seafood purveyor in this location and I'm really grateful that Bevi added more seating! 
I've had a couple of things from here and it's all been tasty. The first time the crawfish were the perfect amount of spice. The 2nd time they were a little to mild for me but it was the first batch of the day. The shrimps have been yummy as have the boil veg.
The staff is really great and Katie can attest that I am WAY too amused by the fact that folks just do not know how to line up when they get busy. Maybe arrows on the floor?Our group of four thought this was the best meal of our trip to New Orleans. The bartender at Sylvain recommended this place and he did a great job. Had the fried oyster platter and boiled shrimp. Shrimp were the stars of the show unbelievable flavor, fresh and almost chicken finger meatiness. Never had anything like it. Strawberry daiquiris are made with fresh purée not some mix and it shows. They were awesome.I love this place!  $3.75/lb for boiled crawfish. I thought the flavor was great.  I personally don't want a ton of flavor because I like the crawfish flavor to come through.  Also had the daiquiri of the day and it was fantastic!Since I have been to NOLA on  numerous occasions and mostly stayed in the Quarter and dined at the wonderful world renowned restaurants  mostly visited by tourists and listed in the travel guides, this time I have made it a point to stay in mid city and dine like a local on this visit.
Well the Bevi Seafood Company does just that! At lunchtime it is the local's choice to get quality seafood at bargain prices since it is a seafood market specializing in Crawfish, shrimp and oysters (unshucked) as well as a casual eatery.
For $2.99 you get a pound of succulent, ample tailed spicy boiled crawfish to feast on! Add some extra sides such as corn on the cob (a but waterlogged but wonderfully tangy with creole spices) and boiled potatoes and you don't get more authentic Louisiana cuisine! Compare that to the same meal in the Quarter and you have plenty of extra cash to blow at the jazz fest!
They also make a wickedly delicious gumbo, rich with andouille sausage and shrimp piquant enough to clear your sinuses!
On my second visit, I ordered the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomatoes which was amazing! Large enough for sharing, a huge pile of freshly boiled gulf shrimp tossed in just the right amount of remoulade sauce on a bed of romaine lettuce and surrounded by flavorful fried green tomatoes. The presentation was worthy of a gourmet restaurant!
Needles to say I am here for another 5 days and I will be back again and again and again to sample almost everything on the menu. I forgot to mention the great variety of PO-Boys, which many of the locals were enjoying.... I will have to sample if i can pry myself from the crawfish....Amazing service! Picked up my order with infant in tow; they were super nice and even offered to help carry my food.This crawfish spot has gone through a few owners, but Bevi is by far my favorite one. The staff is polite and they work really quickly regardless of whether you're the only one in line or if the line is out the door. The crawfish is really well seasoned, but just a touch too lemony for my taste. The sides (corn, potato, sausage) are well priced. The location is convenient, ample street parking. It's a great place to go if you don't know where to go to eat crawfish picnic styleI really want to like Bevi, especially since I live close to this location now but this one is always out of boiled seafood. I have lived close to the Airline location and never once did I experience any shortage or lack of seafood with them.
In the past 3 times I've gone to this Bevi during times between 3-7pm on various week and weekend days they have been out of boiled shrimp and crab.  To add insult to injury two of the three times they were out of about 75% of the beers they had as listed on tap.  I understand being out of something once because maybe you got slammed with customers, but being out of something every time just reeks of mismanagement.  On top of that, nothing is ever marked as being 'out' on their chalkboard menu (simple to change), so you have to go through the frustration of waiting in line to find out everything is out (since there is literally only one person that works the counter. Every. Single. Time.)
It's unfortunate because the one (and only) lady that works like crazy behind the counter is one of the nicest people you will meet in the food industry.  I wish this location was as well stocked as their Airline location.  You would think since they charge $9.99/lb for boiled shrimp that they would keep it stock.
Parking is always a hassle since there are about 3-4 diagonal spots of dedicated parking next to the restaurant and more than likely you'll have to park on the street.Their gumbo is out of this world delicious. Have yet to try the crawfish but heard they are the best in the city.The food here is very good , but , be prepared to wait 15 to 35 minutes for it to arrive at your table. This seafood house is run by very small crew which may lend to a couple of problems. 
  First , you will rarely find more than one person behind the counter taking orders , and the person behind the register is often the one who will also bring your food out to you. As the patrons pile up at the door you may be looking at the longer of the average waiting periods. 
  Second , because they are operating on a shoe string , a great deal of pressure can be put on the employees , this can sometimes equate to a little shortness of temperament . Suggestion, go there during off hours , the wait will be minimal unless they are boiling a new batch of seafood. 
  You will love anything you order and the crawfish are especially good during May.I'm a So Cal girl visiting New Orleans. I was suggested this location by a local and was so glad I did. The fried green tomatoes are a MUST!! Po boy was very good. Family had the boiled crab, they liked it. Had the 1/2 shrimp po boy and the soup of the day (carrot ginger) the sandwich was so yummy, the soup was more salty than I prefer. 
Get a sandwich, beer and fried tomatoes, it'll be worth it.
Service was great too.I love this place! Period! The smokey Erster poboy is now my favorite poboy. Tater salad and gumbo rock!Crawfish and crab were wonderful. Had never eaten either fresh. Just remember that a pound of crawfish has about an ounce of meat (seriously!!) Our server came over and showed me how to get the meat off these critters. Seafood platter (deep fried) was very good and piping hot fried green tomatoes were fantastic. Atmosphere is ... well... absent- but you don't come for that!I read about this place on a couple local reviews. Everyone loved this place so I thought I should give it a try. Absolutely the bast meal I've had in Nola. I couldn't decide between the corn & shrimp bisque or the gumbo...so I got a cup of both!  Unbelievable!  They shrimp were not those tiny popcorn shrimp. They were meaty enough to enjoy, but not so large you had to cut them up. I have a customer just around the corner. Needless to say, I'll always plan my meetings around lunch.2 weeks ago I caught the end of crawfish season here and it was delicious, the seasoning was best in the city. But for a year round treat, the swine fries were legit with bits of cracklin mixed in. So delicious!we love going to new orleans because of the food scene, we've been to a lot of seafood places and i have to say i am disappointed with bevi seafood i am expecting more also because of the 4 stars rating. first the SHRIMP IS NOT FRESH, it is pre-boiled and was handed to us as soon as we paid right there and then in the cashier, i mean you can boil shrimp within 10 minutes so why not do it? second the cashier/waitress is not really helpful she never checked on us i mean there is literally 6 people in the restaurant when we came in and oh she's on her phone too. i guess  its not too busy right? anyway theres a lot of good places to eat sea food in new orleans but sadly not this one.I had been hearing about this place and havent been there since it used to be KJean. I ordered the smoked oyster poboy and a pound of crawfish. I watched a lady in front of me spend about $96 between 20 lbs of crawfish , potatoes, corn, and garlic. So on to my order. The oysters aren't smoked... nor seasoned not fried hard (maybe I should have asked). The smoked comes from the smoked gouda cheese. I love cheewe but this poboy was disappointing. It looked nice but the cheese threw me off. As I moved on to the crawfish, this place redeemed itself in my eyes. Sweet and spicy and lots of fat. I'll be back for more crawfishI've picked up food from here 4 times in the past 2 weeks for the family - We tried new menu items each time and not one has disappointed! Staff is great - service is great & food seems to be consistently great - wonderful family run restaurant!!!!Wow, this place felt just right! From the constant line out the door to the huge platters of crawfish served up to the excellent po'boys, Bevi's was totally worth the side trip we made for a late lunch. We'll be back next chance we get!Ok, I've seen several complaints about sesame seeds on the bread. Think outside the box and honestly your mouth will thank you later. The bread is softer but its easier to bite through. I love po boys but its still chewy enough for all you people obsessed with the tradition of having hard chewy bread you have to gnaw through. The fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade po boy is insanely good and I love the remoulade. I've eaten here several times now and one time they used regular old French bread and I was actually disappointed because their sesame seed bread is so damn good. They have a delicious cole slaw that has a kick and everything I've ever eaten here has been phenomenal. The only drawback is you will definitely leave here smelling like straight up boiled seafood:)Was very disappointed considering how well known/popular this place is. Im always passing by on carrolton to decry a line going out of the restaurant and practically around the block and thought "that place has GOT to be good". Turns out they're all just tourists who saw it on tv and don't know where else to go. Po boy was unremarkable (parkway's are both larger and better) and both that and the beer I ordered were inordinately expensive. Glad I strategically went there when there was no line because if I had waited around for that experience I would have felt like an idiot. 3 stars because it was worth checking out, but not worth returning.I had heard about Bevi in Metairie as being one of the places to get good boiled crawfish to go during crawfish season. It turns out that Bevi has opened a branch in the old Cajun Brothers location on Carrolton so on my 2016 NOLA trip, this was a stop to get boiled seafood for Friday dinner. Bevi turned out to be a small space with a clean, efficient interior that looks to be good for eating seafood and washing it down with a local beer.
I stopped in and ordered 2 pounds of boiled crawfish, 1 pound of boiled shrimp, and an order of fried red potatoes with remoulade sauce. The boiled seafood were put into plastic bags and potatoes packaged to go with newspaper included for peeled shells. As of last week, the crawfish was $4.50/lb. and shrimp were about $9-10/lb. It felt like it took forever to get back to my friend's house to start the peeling and eating but I managed the drive without breaking any known world records for speeding.
Both the crawfish and (jumbo) shrimp were spicy enough to have a kick without cauterizing our taste buds, and the fried potatoes were a good accompaniment but I wish they had the traditional boiled potatoes and corn cooked in the same seafood boil liquids. Still, crawfish season started early this year and they were good sized and delicious, as were the shrimp and potatoes, thus happily checking Bevi off my NOLA-area boiled crawfish joint list.Helpful staff even when busy!! Good food and nice environment!! I whole heartedly recommend this place. Great little no frills hole in the wall.Absolutely the best gumbo on earth.  Shrimp po boy beats Jhonnie's in The Quarter hands down.  Full bar, good people.Y'all. This place is dirty. Like really really dirty. The floors, the bathrooms - dirty. Filthy. The crawfish were cold, flavorless, and way over-cooked. You couldn't peel them without the meat falling apart. Their bisque was delicious. The daiquiri was great. The service was perfect because she refunded my money when I told her my crawfish observations. She was working hard and all by herself. I've no idea where to get good crawfish in NOLA. But this place is not it.Friday, I went to get crawfish from bevi for the 3rd time this season. The first two times were excellent. Probably my favorite place to get crawfish in Nola yet. Size & flavor were perfect. This past friday, I went to get them to go & my experience wasn't quite as pleasant. I had to wait to find out if they even had enough crawfish. Once I finally got my crawfish, no corn or potatoes were left. When I finally got home to eat, the flavor was just as good but they were definitely much smaller.  Granted it was the first friday of Lent in a predominantly Catholic city. This will not deter me & I will of course go back, but I recommend not going at 7 pm on a Friday during Lent. 
I will say the other food is delicious too, my boyfriend & I have tried a poboy & also the fried green tomatoes & shrimp remolaude salad, all delicious.This place let me down. After hearing so much about it, we decided to go try it. I'm not a fan of the crawfish. The fries were good. Service was not bad.Heard food was good so called to place order for pick-up.  First time calling and wanting boiled seafood.  Girl on the phone was very rude.  I asked to place an order for pick-up. She said sure and then placed me on hold.  When she picked up again, I started to order boiled crawfish.  She stopped me and said boiled seafood is first come first serve which I understand and was totally fine with. It was her proceeding to lecture me about I have to stand in line like everyone else,etc. I had to hang up.  Sorry, I didn't know this.  Very poor customer service.Their boiled crawfish are always the best! 
Bevi consistently has the best and most flavorful crawfish around. 10 out of 10!20 minute wait for flavorless crawfish served by an unfriendly staff. Disappointing. The crawfish literally had no flavor or spice, you can get better crawfish from rouses (a grocery store) down the street, and that's saying something. Not to mention Rouses crawfish is only $2 a pound while Bevi's is extremely overpriced at $5/lb.This is a great place to go for delicious crawfish at an excellent price! Unlike Clesi's (my other go-to), Bevi let's you take them to go. Nothing like taking down a few pounds of crawfish at the fly!Love this place and love that it exists. Was recommended to come here because I REALLY wanted crawfish. I arrived an hour before it opened and when they did, got 5 lbs. They were delicious! Inside or outside, you can sit and have crawfish or anything else on the menu. I knew this spot was popular because the line grew longer and longer as I sat back and pinched the tails and sucked the heads. Made a mental note to com back next time in NOLA and to recommend it to others.So glad they decided to start opening on Mondays. we finally got our crawfish fix although the potatoes and sausage were not boiled with the crawfish, the crawfish were well worth it and the price was perfect. Cute little spot that will be on my list every time I come to Nola. The worker was awesome and sweet. She showed new comers how to peel them even though she was the only one working.Husband and I went to Bevi's Seafood in Midcity for the first time today.  Boy, were we happy we did!  We ordered 2 lbs of boiled shrimp, the day's po-boy special to share, and beer on tap.  First off, the shrimps were nice and big and juicy and the seasoning was just delicious.  As for the po-boy, I couldn't run home fast enough to write a glorious review about it.  Today's po-boy was haloumi cheese, creole tomatoes, fresh arugula (and mint, I think) and deep-fried chicken skin all encased in fresh, crusty bread and some sort of flavorful dressing.  That po-boy is the BOMB! 
Bevi's, PLEASE keep that haloumi cheese po-boy in your regular menu.  I'm gonna have wonderful dreams about it tonight and for many nights to come!Very fresh crawfish, a bit spicy which was good and served with lemon, everyone in our party enjoyed it...quite busy in here but the food came out very promptly. Beware of eating outside on the picnic tables, there were quite a few caterpillars and not the cute, fuzzy kind. They did have a little sign at the checkout warning people of caterpillars (end of March); eating inside is fine.My husband and I liked Bevi.  We came here on the recommendation of a local during our visit for lunch. I had the oyster po' boy, and it was very good!  My husband had the seafood platter. He's kind of funny about shrimp, but he kept commenting on how fresh they were.  He enjoyed his lunch for sure. We really like the lady working there too.  If we had stayed in NOLA longer we would have gone back, because we noticed that the locals were buying up all these crawfish and crabs, and my husband LOVES them. We will definitely hit this place up again when we return!Someone in our party had almost everything on the menu and it was all delicious. The crawfish was perfectly seasoned, spicy and salty. The poboy bread was crispy and delicious - as were the oysters on it. And o.m.g. the freaking tater tots... SO GOOD.Amazing boiled crawfish.  I can only recall once every having better crawfish and those I ate right out of the pot.  Their corn, boiled in crawfish boil, was the best I have ever eaten.  It was not only spicy but still had that burst of sweetness you get from freshly boiled corn on the cob.
The only reason I didn't give them five stars is they messed up our order which is hard to do when you only order three items, crawfish, corn and potatoes.So I visited this establishment today because I heard the seafood is amazing. And boy did it not disappoint! I got the boiled crawfish and an oyster poboy- everything was perfect and I can't think of anything negative to say about the food. The reason I gave three stars is because while I'm a seafood connoisseur, my wife can't stand it. So I figured she could get the chicken tenders or something simple. So I told the lady at the register I'll have some crawfish and a poboy and my wife will have the tenders. The lady replied that she couldn't have them because they are for kids and they don't make money off it. So I asked her to charge me for 3 kids chickens and only give me one. She said she couldn't do that. It's very disappointing when a restaurant tells me I cant have something that is right on the menu- even when I ask to be charged 3x the price. I have to say the food is good here but I probably won't be going back because the grilled cheese is not going to do it for my wife.Good fries, good fried green tomatoes, didn't love the po boy which was a bit too bready and more so was stale bread.One might say that I have BEVY of compliments for this place, and that would be a pretty annoying use of language, and yet, not at all untrue. 
Lotsa great things to say bout Bevi outta this one over here. For instance, they boil an excellent mudbug. I love their po boys too. This Bevi Seafood Co. is a chill, friendly lil spot. I deem this Mid-City seafood market/ neighborhood restaurant a total insta-favorite. 
Listen, I'm no crawfish expert. I don't know the price o' crawfish. One might say... 
But I tell you, $3.25 for a pound of some of the best boiled crawfish I've ever experienced, seems like one helluva deal. So fresh and so clean. Exceptionally clean- well purged, I'd say. There's nary a trace of nuthin up in those crawfish pipes. Those were some super tasty, well seasoned, perfectly cooked fellas. A heaping tray of em: a feast. 
The lovely lady working at the counter suggested to us that our visit was happening during what might just be the last week for crawfish for the season. We felt the urgency of this. This tip had us making an extra return for more of the crawfish goodness. It felt like a real, "Get while the gettin's good," kinda situation. Happy we got down.
My favorite po' boy this time 'round was called, The Smokey Oyster. That'd delectable sandwich would be: Louisiana oysters, smoked gouda cheese, and bacon. Dope. There were plenty of light and crunchy batter-fried oysters spillin outta this thing; their juicy brininess still in effect, and just barely cooked through inside. Just perfect. These oysters were piled atop creamy, startin-to melt smoked gouda, and crisp-yet-meaty pastrami-spiced bacon, all dressed (LTM&pickles) on a crusty, sesame-seeded roll. Loved. Bacon and oysters, why wouldn't I? Lovely. 'Twas all that and a bag of Voodoo Zaps.
If I could bite that right now?! 
*wildly bites at the air*
Come on!Everything I had here was delicious and I was overly happy to have fresh crawfish on my very first time eating these! Line was around the corner before they even opened! Definitely worth the wait!Came here to grab a bite. I ordered 2 pounds of shrimp which you can get cold or have it steamed. I had corn added and potatoes. They had about 5 different beers on tap. The lady behind the counter at times seemed like she was overwhelmed but she got everyone's order correct which is the important part. If you sit outside beware of caterpillars maybe getting on you depending on season. Had to fight off a few. Food was delicious and had a little spice to it which I like. Def recommended!First I want to say that the boiled seafood and the gumbo were fantastic! The low rating is for the shrimp poboy. The shrimp were not deveined!!! I personally do not enjoy the "crunch and grit" of chewing a dirty shrimp. If the other food was not so good, my rating would be a one star. Also, that bread with the sesame seeds...so NOT New Orleans.  Just plain Leidenheimer's (Toasted) french bread makes the best poboy. I will be back, just not for a shrimp poboy.