The best lunch I've ever had in New Orleans! The red beans and rice and cheese grits were among the best I've ever had!Incredible sandwiches and super-friendly service!
I had the Marrone (po-boy with homemade meatballs, salami, provolone, and Cajun marinara) and my co-worker had the bang bang shrimp wrap.
Will definitely come back next time we are in town!Bar tender Kimber is fantastic. Friendly service and great attitude! Nice music and $5 daily drink specials!New business with excellent food and drinks, with a great staff creating a welcoming atmosphere. The breakfast grilled shimp omelette is one of the best I've had ever. Fresh shrimp and eggs make all the difference. Our new go-to place in Nola.Super friendly staff. Had the Bang Bang Shrimp Wrap and it was one of the greatest things I have ever had. Gotta try it!I worked here for two months and by far the worst place I have ever worked at. I have been bartending and serving for over ten years. The building has rats, and roaches. The general manager alissa is one of the nastiest, dirtiest females I have ever came in contact with. The food is way over priced. The owner jeff Curtis still hasn't paid me my money he owes me. This place needs to be inspected by the board of health immediately!Quick weekend get away. Cute little mom and pop spot with a fantastic red head waitress. She was a breath of fresh air and highly attentive. Good food. Great service. What else could you ask for.  Definite go to spot when in town!We loved the breakfast here! The service is some of the best I've ever had in my life. All the servers worked together and helped each other out. That's rare. The veggie omelet (with breakfast sausage added) was perfect, not bland like most places. The Spicy Bloody Mary came with the most delicious pickled green beans. Good coffee. Can't emphasize the excellent service enough.I came in for dinner and had the blackened chicken poboy at the bartender/waitresses suggestion. It was delicious! After taking a few bites the chef insisted I try the dipping sauce that was on the plate, I'm sure glad he did, that sauce was so good I think I'd enjoy eating a bowl of dirt with that sauce on it. I enjoyed the meal so much I came back the next morning for breakfast. I had the muffaleta omelette which was also really really good. 
Service was polite, friendly, and fast. It was clear both times I came in that both groups of people enjoyed what they were doing and took pride in the food and drinks they served. 
Eat here, seriously, just do it!!!Omg!! Best burger in New Orleans. I have been to Company Burger, Atomic, High Hat, and Port of Call and this burger beats all of those. I know call me crazy but I'm sitting there girl behind the bar was super nice, and the cook brings my order to me and says "man I almost don't want to give it to you because it looks so good" and boy was he right. Seriously guys you're missing out if you don't go here.I've been to Bienvenue previously and I'm never going back. The food is reheated Sysco garbage and very expensive...they even managed to burn the onion rings that I ordered. The manager is also unprofessional and doesn't know how to conduct himself. I do not recommend going to this place at all. There are MUCH better quick service style restaurants in the area.This is a great little New Orleans restaurant very cute and not very expensive. The service is super friendly and they have lots of specials on drinks everyday. They serve breakfast all day and I had the fried chicken with biscuits and gravy which was super delicious. The regular Bloody Mary was fabulous too. Definitely would come here again.Great place to stop! Great people, great prices and fantastic food! A shining star in a town full of average overpriced restaurants! Run, don't walk to Bienvenue Bar and Grill! Your stomach and your wallet won't be disappointed!So I stopped in here to get a sandwich and ended up having 2 drinks and a bite to eat the food is delicious and Kimber the bartender is awesome and personable really enjoyed talking to her and Frog the cook is on point I wish he worked at my job lol keep it up guys you are awesomeI was staying at the Intercontinental and this place caught my eye. The cook told me to try it and I'm so glad that I did. My friend is from Louisiana and he loved the boudin balls. Everything I had was delicious and the prices were great. I wish I could bring this place back home with me!Staying in the Hilton right across the street and feel so lucky to have such a great little neighborhood gem so close.
Excellent, excellent, excellent friendly service from the greeting through the entire meal. Sous chef visiting every table genuinely proud and excited about the quality of the food, which btw is great!
Nice prices, nice selection of beer, well-rounded traditional nola classics on the menu. Better Shrimp Poboy than many of the "trendy" or famous eateries around town.  Casual attire is cool...great go-to place!!Excellent food, excellent service!!  Brand new place with a great vibe!  Jeff and his staff are amazing.  Ask for Casey, she will take care of you!Lucked up on this place, couldn't have asked for better food or service.  The owner, Jeff is a true professional. I had the special YaYa Gumbo which was flavorful and delicious. The servers were friendly and knowledgeable. Started my meal with a cherry coke daiquiri. Would definitely come back!The service was great. We ordered 2 poboys some boudin balls and a kids burger. The shrimp poboy was very basic the breadding did not have much flavour. The roastbeef was ok but would not order it again to many other places that have great roastbeef in this city. As for food for the price my bill was $50.00 and not worth that. This was my first time and we will try it again maybe for dinner to see if it is any better. Until then 3 stars is all i can give it only because they were so friendly.I have been living in New Orleans my whole life and can honestly say that this wonderful place has some of the best food and friendliest staff I've experienced in my 40 plus years. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the prices are incredibly low. It all around has been a experience I want to share with family and friends. It's a breath of fresh air among so many places nearby that fall short. I will be back and highly recommend this place to anyone. It's authentic New Orleans at its best.The place is small, cozy and very inviting.  The staff was especially warm and fun!  Jimmy the executive chef prepared some amazing seafood meals (shrimp platter and catfish po'boy) and our bartender/waitress Vanessa made our experience great!  Make sure you have the daiquiris...delicious and strong!My server Julie was great. Had the chicken platter for lunch and it was great. If your looking for a quick bite to eat that's good and offers friendly service then stop on in.Food is definitely good. Blackened Chicken plate or poboy is a good choice. The shrimp wrap is another real good option. I heard rumors of a specialty Bloody Mary coming soon..We came here for a girls weekend and LOVED this place! The staff is so nice and the food is AMAZING! This is my new spot! They went above and beyond to accommodate us. This is a must try when in New Orleans! Right across from the Hilton!Great place in NOLA Financial district.  Ask Jamie about Eclipse burger or try outstanding YaYa gumbo. Go grab beers out of stand up in the backCame here on Christmas Eve. Staff was super nice. Food came out quickly & hot! This will definitely be a repeat when we make it back to NO!!A must stop when you are down in the French quarter. The food is excellent and the service was great. Everything is made to order and fast and easy to stop in and dine in.This place has amazing food and service. The crawfish ettoufe is the best I've had. The roast beef is top notch as well as the boudin egg rolls. Everyone should try Bienvenue!Went here for breakfast as we were staying at the intercontinental. Had the breakfast burrito, wife had the business breakfast plate with cheese grits. Breakfast burrito was on point. Bacon, sausage, eggs, cheese, all cooked expertly by the chef. Great service too. We had leftovers for an afternoon snack. Highly recommended.Great food choices and service . I come here about 3 times A week for lunch and I'm never let down. They have something for everyone ,several salad options for dieters or the low carb crowd. The also never skimp on portions.The good- it was fast and staff was very fun and friendly. Great music as well.
The bad- the food... Average burger and chicken sandwich. 
The prices- $9 for a burger and an extra $2 for fries. A can of beer is $5. Way too much for what you get.Went for a lunch.  It should be a great spot for a quick lunch.  However, the place is severely understaffed.  our orders of a chicken sandwich and french fries (which tasted great) took about 45 minutes to arrive.  That is unacceptable during a lunch rush.Had the hangover hamburger poboy. Beef was perfectly cooked. Sandwich was well dressed. Fries were perfectly seasoned!This is a great little restaurant a couple blocks from canal.  The staff is very friendly and attentive and the food was excellent.  Went yesterday and we are going back today.Don't be fooled by the uninspiring exterior; this place offers good eats! Four of us ate supper there including a vegetarian and one person who can't eat dairy, and we were all stuffed when we left. Breakfast is available all day, and the menu doesn't lie when it says the biscuits are "large"! The club wrap was far beyond standard deli meat, and the staff was helpful and terrific. Highly recommended.collette was amazing.   it was my first time at bienvenue.    she helped me order and all my food was amazing.What a hidden gem!  First things first, the coffee here is straight amazing!  I seriously can't think of a better cup in my life. From the staff to the food (Hi Alissa!) everything was on point! Jimmy is the chef, and knocks it out of the park. He should be called a maestro based on the masterpieces he turns out on the daily.  I personally had the seafood omelette and it was perfection!  My buddy had The Avenue and is was equally amazing. All chicken is marinated, seasoned with their own blend of spices, and cooked to order. The result is pure food porn!  Side note: the bathroom is ridiculously nice. We can't recommend this place enough. Come eat, then tell your friends about them, and make them famous!This is my first time in New Orleans, but not my first time eating BBQ shrimp. Hands down best BBQ shrimp I have had yet. The shrimp was fresh and tastes incredible. The po-boy sandwiches were delicious as well. The atmosphere was similar to the great hole in the wall restaurants I search out to find. If I come back I know where I'm eating!Quirky little sandwich shop by day/bar by night in the business district. Good idea in concept, but the day we were there (lunch time) we waited over an hour for our food with no apologies from the service. There were only two other tables seated. When we finally got it we were told they had to go by more buns. 2 issues with that. They obviously don't make their own breads, but more concerning was the fact that none of us had a meal that needed that bun.. The burger seemed like it was in the grill the entire time we were waiting - so tough my friend could not swallow it despite copious amounts of ketchup. They also brought us out cold and stale fries to rub salt in our wounds. When we asked for fresh ones they under cooked them in a rush to get them out. A few were still almost frozen in the middle. I had the bang bang shrimp wrap which was actually not bad, but the poor service and my friend's experience pretty much ruined it for me too. With more experienced staff and some attention to detail this place might be ok.The food was good, much nicer presentation and taste than I imagined. I had the place to myself for an early dinner. Waitress and cook were friendly and attentive without being overbearing. I had chicken tender plate. The salad was a great surprise, and the price was right!Really pleased with the discovery of this place. The front door makes you question the decision to go there. The food, drinks, service, and charm of the place quickly reassure the choice.Man....I hate to do this, especially since it's a small mom and pop but, here goes:
-   Successful restaurants make most of their product from scratch....not food service crap served cold.
-   If you're going to reheat that crap, heat it. Nothing worse then serving cold food.
-   If you're going to charge me for items, let's make sure I get them. Missed both bread and bacon.
-   Paper plates and plastic spoon and knife.....really?
-   Would be nice to refill the water 
-   NEVER EVER make fun of a tip that another customer leaves. Maybe that's all it was worth!!
-   Sorry, but if you're known for poboys , make a good one!!
Well... At least the water was good!!Great blackened chicken wrap and fried pickles. The service was good and a nice beverage selection.I was very pleasantly surprised by this establishment and even impressed.  They have some great prices on food for the area and a concise menu with a nice selection of breakfast and lunch items with NOLA flair.  The seafood gumbo here has an impressive amount of seafood in it and I haven't been impressed in a long time so that was quite a pleasant surprise.  The Swiss Schroom burger was large, juicy and quite nice for the price with the fries also being good.  The lady behind the counter was the one that took my order and cooked my burger so it was similar to a diner style joint.  I was also provided excellent service for my entire visit even when more people arrived and the counter lady had to also wait on some tables.  They also have an impressive selection of beer, wine and other drinks in their wall cooler in the back.
This place will certainly be getting more visits from me in the near future.It's one of the smaller places little bit off the populated area.
Keysey our server was wery friendly.
There is no druft beers available only bottles.
Food was little too specific for my taste and i didn't enjoy it so much. There is many more better places sround area so i was surprised that price of food was not any bit lower then other places.i went here as the spot i wanted to go to next door was closed. I got a fried oyster po boy and it was ok. I wasn't impressed.Look at my pictures and you will see why this is one star. They were really busy at 9 pm and seemed to cater to the bar patrons and not concerned at all with the people sitting at tables not buying drinks. Shrimp po boy 9.99 for hard bread and 8 small shrimp. We came because it was very close to our hotel. Tourist trap?  I sent my food back and the server was apologetic and offered a free drink but I declined. Too expensive, not enough food. Not to mention they brought out 3 out of four entrees and I had to go remind them five minutes later that we were still waiting on it. It was sitting there just waiting to be delivered.Nice little cafe with delicious food and great service! The staff were all super friendly and pleasant, and made sure we enjoyed everything. Our group was in a hurry and they made sure we got in and out quickly without compromising quality.Delicious!!! And didn't have to wait 3 hours for breakfast!! And mine was hot!! Great small little place with lots of NOLA character. Definitely will be back! Eaten here twice once for lunch and once for breakfast. I judge by the roast beef poboys and it was delicious! The breakfast sandwich was equally as good. I see they do crawfish boils and that will be the next NOLA test!Found this place on a Saturday morning.  Wasn't crowded at all and the food was outstandingWow .. what a treat ... we were staying at the Intercontinental next door on St Charles and in need of a quick bite and stumbled upon this great spot ... after sizing up the menu .. we ordered the Red Beans and Andouille sausage and some wings ... and while we waited had a home made bloody with a combo of veg and pepper infused vodka (made in house of course) ... a great cocktail for sure ...  everything was really tasty, home cooked and well put together 
Next day after some touring in the Garden District, needed a quick bite before massages at the spa around the corner, Shrimp and Grits, more Red Beans and andouille and another order of wings  ... amazing again and great to find some scratch made steaming biscuits came with our order to mop up the plate 
Alissa and her crew run a nice operation there on St Charles, good food and service so don't miss it.  
P.S. ... Mrs needed a quite fix of scrambled eggs the next morning before venturing out ... wet please ... and true to form .. she was treated to a great simple breakfast before hitting the mean streets of NOLA .. coffee was also quite good ... no need to make the extra stop at StarbucksFound this place on my second trip to New Orleans. The best food I have ever had in the city and the service was even better! I got to try the the shrimp and grits and the crawfish étouffée...both were amazing, the grits were creamy and well seasoned and it had just the right amount of shrimp. My dad had the best burger!  Fresh beautiful salads. Great craft daiquiris with plenty of booze. The service was amazing and so friendly. They were accommodating and so happy to help. I would eat here anytime I'm in the city. A bit of the beaten path but still convenient and easily walkable. Look for Tiffany and Samantha.I am NOT a hamburger lover by nature, however, I got just a basic burger dressed and it was awesome! Mine was well done, still juicy, and so flavorful! The bun was a sour dough bun and it was probably the shinning star. It was soft and pillowy. The fries were some of the best and I honestly don't know how to describe them. They had what appeared to be a panko coating. Crispy on the outside and soft in the center. Seriously some of the best fries I've eaten. Customer service was on point and an overall enjoyable experience. I will definitely be back!!I absolutely loved the seafood omelette. The Julie sauces was perfect and the omelette had a perfect balance of shrimp, oysters and crawfish.What a great restaurant! The food and drinks are fresh! They have changing daily specials that are to die for.  Collette, one of the servers, is also amazing!  She was super friendly and able to make great recommendations off of the menu for us. Great experience all around.  Can't wait to return next time when passing through New Orleans!Stopped in for lunch. Checked the reviews on this place and Daisy Dukes next door. This place won out. The food was delicious!
Had the bang-bang shrimp wrap (grilled). Excellent!The food here is AMAZING!! I go often for lunch - the daily specials, the burgers, the crawfish spring rolls - oh so good!! Popped in Over the weekend and had the BEST Bloody Mary ever!! The service is great, always friendly and cheerful and the atmosphere is truly New Orleans with open seating of your choice, at the bar, at a table or a picnic bench. This place will not disappoint!!This is one of my favorite spots in town. It's very low key but they have some really awesome food and the people are super nice and quite entertaining at times. 
Food highlights include the Marrone sandwich, the gumbo, the gooey desserts, and quite a lot more. The cooler in the back has an extensive collection of beer and soda, including Mexican coke. 
These guys will do carry out which has saved my evening a few times. They also have a bar. 
Check it out, I really enjoy eating here.Love this place...Obviously has great management. The service was attentive and on point. I never had to ask for anything. Creative drink specials, and great food.
My server Payton was helpful and had a great attitude!!! That is hard to find these days.
#RecommendThis place has amazing food!!!!  The red beans and rice with sausage is excellent as is their roast beef and french fries.  Very friendly staff and very helpfulThis place is a hidden gem! Staying at the Intercontinental and I was looking for a quick bite to eat during a sudden rainstorm. I ordered the Shrimp PoBoy, fries and fried pickles to go. While I waited I ordered the $5 martini special. The bartender made the experience even better. I think she was new, but she was hilarious and kept me laughing. Overall great experience. 
Only leaving 4 stars because they forgot the dipping sauce for the fried pickles :(What an awesome find. The staff was so incredibly welcoming and the food was delicious. Jeff made our night! The seafood gumbo is one my favorite things I've eaten since visiting. Can't wait to come back.BEWARE VEGANS:
My photos of perhaps the best moderately priced burger plate in the FQ/CBD/WHD are a glorious tribute to the savory corpulence of medium-rare ground chuck and an accompanying chewy wedge of spicy pork sausage.
BEWARE ATKINS:
Bienvenue's 10 ounce burger is topped with house thin-cut crispy rings surrounded by fries (just $10, see pic).
BEWARE PALEOS:
This burger has so much dairy you will give up your vows: a thick slice of oozy fatty pepper jack melds into its tangy homemade tiger mayonnaise.
...put on the red shoes,
...submit to the Dark Side, 
...come up to the lab and see what's on the slab.THE HONEYMOON IS OVER
I was so optimistic when the revamped FredRick's had altered it's menu that I cautiously gave it 4 stars last year. Yesterday however, I brought a friend here and everything was embarrassingly sub-par:
1. The waitress was a stone-cold automaton. We arrived at 3PM and were made to feel that we were disrupting her off-time (despite closing not being until 8PM).
2. The burger had an odd liverish flavor. I'm not saying it wasn't beef but I'm suspicious...
3. NO SIDES! We paid over $10 for burgers that we thought came with fries. WTF? Only sketchy tourist traps serve burgers ala carte.
AVOID! 
TRY THESE NEARBY AFFORDABLE ALTERNATIVES:
Rick's Grille, Commerce, Welty's, P&G, Jimmy J's, Ruby Slipper, Merchant, a kennel's lunch counter (arf?)I enjoyed my dinning experience immensely! The food was excellent and rightly priced. Our server Tiffany was such a pleasure. She went beyond her job description to make our time there an enjoyable experience. Would definitely recommend this wonderful restaurant to anyone. The location and parking are both beautiful and adequate. The restaurant decore is set to both sooth and relax. Excellent experience.