So we walk in and order a pizza at midnight and they close at 1am.  We were rudely told we would have to take our pizza to go.  We were not asked if we wanted any drinks. The server kept taking a smoke break rather than servicing patrons. 
I've eaten here many times before and never had this issue. This new guy is the fucking worst.  They need to let him go because he has no people skills and this is a people business. Down goes big pie due to one person.I usually am very easy going and don't get upset over service but this was THE MOST negative experience. It's new orleans.. people party.. and we walked in with a great attitude and needing some quick food. The waitress instantly made us feel uncomfortable and completely incompetent.  She had to be under the influence of something, just due to utter lack of competence and understanding.  if a restaurant gets overwhelmed from 3 tables of people then it doesn't deserve my business.  Cory out.This place is terrible! It's dirty  and  The owner was not very nice at all.  I think his name is called Jay.  He was rude and the food sucks. The only good thing about this place was the bartender. Her name is  Elyssa. She was awesome! She  made sure we were ok and took care of us.  Terrible experience. Will  never ever come back to this place again! I gave 1 star because of the bartender. She was the only good thing from this experience.Every time I go to big pizza it's never a crowd. I guess it's the timing. I like this place very much. The staff is nice and the drinks are a reasonable price and the food is tasty. It's a nice little spot to chill with friends and maybe meet new ones.We ordered a buffalo chicken pizza - cost us $20, including the extra $1 they charged us for a side of ranch. It was drowned in oregano, it looked like the cap fell off while they were making the pizza. The waitress was not friendly. Immediately after while walking back to our hotel next door, we both got hit with a wave of nausea and both threw up once back at our hotel. Not ok, don't go here.Big Pie Pizza is a must for a casual lunch or dinner. The pizza is delicious. Terrific thin crust & delicious pepperoni & sausage. If you are looking for something away from the noise & crowds, this is the place. Rebecca is a wonderful server & bartender. We highly recommend anything she makes. She's a 5th generation NOLO & can give you the history of the area.My first visit to Big Pie Pizza. It was great. Real cold draft beer.($2 mugs!!) The pizza was unexpected! Literally some of the best pizza in the city! And I really like pizza, too! Service was fast and very friendly. Great place!The Big Five Papa pie is "THE BOMB"! I've had it the last two nights, you will not be disappointed!  Small place, good music, drinks were ok but the pie was one of the best I've had!! Made with love by "Joe". Give it a shot!I have ordered late night delivery from here on several occasions. Not terrible but not great. Many better options all around. 
My last experience was with a 5 meat pizza that had decent toppings and sauce but very boring and plain crust which made the pizza hard to enjoy.
Being that it's sometimes the only local joint I can get pizza from last a certain hour, ill probably order again...We went here on a saints game day, so that is the only reason they get 2 stars, we were able to have a bar seat and watch football before going to the game. I worked in the restaurant business for 20 years so I am very forgiving with people being busy, I have been there, but this was bad. I hope that management reads the reviews because I want to help. 1. Have designated rolls for people, the bartender is the only one behind the bar and stays there. There should be a waitress (or two) that doesn't get any of their own drinks, including sodas. The waitress needs to wait on the tables. 2. The manager should not take over for the staff, rather make sure the food gets out, bartender has ice, customers have silverware, anything to make the experience better. Set the staff up for success. There was too much confusion when the tables were shared and maybe that is why there were so many food mistakes. 3. Your kitchen could not handle the food orders, or your wait staff could not handle putting in the orders. On game day you need to only make 4 different pizzas, order by the pie or sell pizza by the slice. Make a menu just for that, limit the food choices and maybe put a few drinks that are easy to make or bottle beer to sell more and expedite the order. Trust me people will be happy just to have a drink and a bite to eat even if they wanted a sandwich instead and to have a drink fast. 4. Explain to the bartender how the metered pour works, that was just painful. I have more things to fix but that would mean that I should be paid a managers salary. To sum up our stay, one table left because they had been here for hourS, yes plural, and their food was never cooked. Some of our food came out, some did not. Other people ordered food and It took forever. The manager was rude to his bartender and was arguing with her for half the time we were there. Also the bathroom smells like a fish tank, get a plumber.NEVER EVER ORDER FROM HERE.
There was a black hair in my Greek Salad.  I called the manager and he said he would send me a new salad.  After I trashed the disgusting salad in the Refuse Center of my apartment complex, the manager refused to give me the new salad unless he SAW THE OTHER ONE.  Yes, he expected me to go four stories down into the dumpster to show him the salad filled with HAIR!!  HAIR!  
Never in my life have I been so disrespected.  If you order food from here you're insane.I'm truly disappointed in the customer "service" I received from this establishment.
Bottomline: I NEVER GOT MY FOOD.
I am in town for Jazzfest this weekend and after a long day enjoying music and sun, I returned to my hotel hungry! I hopped on Yelp to find a local place that would deliver to my downtown hotel and saw good reviews.
I placed my order online through the website and paid via credit card. I received a confirmation email that my card had been charged. I received a confirmation email from Big Pie Pizza confirming my order had been received and would arrive in 40 mins. This was at 10:30p.
At 11:30, when my order had still not arrived I contacted Big Pie. The woman explained "we aren't taking any more orders tonight." I explained that I had placed my order an hour ago. She said "yes, we aren't filling any more orders." She confirmed that they will not be making or bringing the food which I had already been charged for. When I asked about a refund, she said "we will refund the orders which we haven't filled yet". She declined to take my name to assist with the refund and stated "we will figure it out on the computer". I am really appalled. I would have appreciated a telephone call to inform me that my dinner order would not be coming so that I could have made another selection. It seems like common customer service.
As of this morning, I am still awaiting confirmation that my credit card has been reimbursed.
What's even more mind boggling is that per the website, this store is open until 1:30a on Saturday night. My order was placed 3 hours before the store closed!!
Needless to say, i went to bed hungry and I would not recommend this place for visiting guests.They raised their prices because of the storm. This is illegal and immoral!!! Never go here!!!
I only gave one star because 0 is not an option!Service was absolutely awful. Took 15 minutes to order our drinks and another 15 to get them(we only ordered water). Once she took our food orders she had to come back and ask multiple times what we ordered even though she wrote it down. 
Don't go. Not worth it.KThis is the best bbq chicken sandwich I've ever had.  Steaming hot. Fresh bread. Fries are really good too and didn't taste deep fried or soggy. Prices are very reasonable too.My wife and i stopped in and got a ceasar salad and pizza. This was s great small place to eat.I've ordered delivery pizza twice now from Big Pizza (I moved to nola 3mos ago). The first time I stuck with a basic Pepperoni pizza which wasn't knock your socks off great but better than most. Tonight I had their Baked Potato pizza (diced fries, mozzarella, sour cream, bacon and chives) I haven't had much to complain about so far other than I wish the pizza wasn't quite so thin and crusty, would love a thicker pizza. Also delivery is supposed to be free but for some reason I was charged $1.50 to deliver?  Average delivery time 40-45 minutes or sooner. Pricing could be better given that is is very thin crust pizza; feels like you should be getting more for the money, but the quality is there. I will definitely be ordering again and would recommend to anyone who enjoys thin crust and specialty pizzasThis would probably be 3.5 stars
The pizza and cheese sticks were really cheesy, garlicky and tasty. Served quickly and efficiently in this very small, somewhat divey pizza/bar. We were there early for dinner, so we were the only people in the place, which probably accounts for some of the good service - not sure how it would be when busy.Great pizza! Nice crust to topping ratio. Good prices too.Worst pizza ever....it took over an hour to get here even though it's a block away from me and when it got here it was cold, flat and just horrible. You can do better for your money trust me!Stopped here when no other place than the coffee shop was open on Baronne St at 4pm. I was pleasantly surprised expecting it to be a dive but it was not with its beautiful lacquered wood  bartop.
You can rent their upstairs room for a party/meeting for only $50 dollars in my opinion thats a Great Deal. The bartender Rachel was very nice.She offered me a shot of this mysterious blue concoction in an Absolut Vodka Bottle. I didnt have pizza but some chicken wings which were good.
Next time Im in the area and its after 12 on the weekends I will surely stop by.Was pretty leary about this place after reading some of the previous reviews.    Food was actually really good, portions were on the small size though.   For $9 I'm used to calzones almost double the size of what was  brought to the table.
Would have given 4 stars but the service was luke warm.   Initially though maybe our waitress had a bad day, but she seemed friendly enough when she was in the kitchen chit chatting with the staff.Being 1 AM and being RIGHT NEXT DOOR, I wanted something to eat. But I barely could get a menu, let alone have my order taken. After sitting at the bar for 13 minutes, I walked out. Great customer service.Just stopped in for a late night drink and they were still serving food. Smelled great and drinks were good. Will be back to try food.We had eaten here a day or so ago and it was good. The food was tastey but the drinks tasted like bleach water. We figured it was a one off thing. So we returned with a friend to eat. They forgot to bring us our starter, which was annoying enough but then we had to wait over 40mins for our food to arrive. The burgers and fries were cold when they came out. We had to ask for refills. It was another 10mins before the thrid dish was even brought to our table. I will not ever be returning.First time here from out of town. 
Place was quiet when we walked in on a Sunday night. Got busier as we sat there and ate though. 
The place is a small one. Long bar and maybe 8 tables/booths at most. 
The pizza is New York style crust. I had a pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms​, green peppers, mozzarella, tomato sauce,  and onions. It was VERY delicious. Crispy thin crust. Nice amount of.cheese and other toppings. 
Very nice food. Topped it off with a local ale, Albita blonde. Well, two actually. 
Overall quite good pizza. The place was pretty dark and small though. 
If back in NOLA, I would go back if I stayed in the same hotelI ordered a salad that was advertised in the menu as coming with a certain dressing. It was delivered with a completely different dressing. I called and was told that they would send the correct dressing. I was called back and was told that I was wrong, and that they sent the correct dressing. When i read the menu to her she said hold on. Then what I presume to be the manager got on the line, then the phone went mysteriously dead. No call back, no dressing. BAD customer service!!!Server was terrible was rushing us, 5 different things we tried to order they were out if, ended up ordering two  Different appetizers. The hummus was not very good and the focaccia was cold like really cold. 
Even though they advertise pepperoni or cheese pizza by the slice we could not get it. Halfway through eating the waitress asked if we were done with ordering for they were fixing to shut down the cooking. It was not that close to closing time. Would never go there again.Just came from here after a big event wrestlemania 34.. 4/7/18 Lets just say this place can not handle a rush after a huge event. People were disorganized, the waitress was confused on who or what peoples order are. The manager was rude didnt know who payed and who didn't so he stopped everyone out the door and asked if we payed when we instead of looking at the receipt. Pizza was bland. Only good thing was there cheese bread. Im sure there are other great pizza joints to go to but this is not one of them. Wont be return.We ordered delivery to our hotel. Fast service and very friendly. The muffuletta sandwich was great.Had lunch there last Tuesday, had great service!  We were a large party of six, 4 out of the 6 were here on vacation.  All of us were very impressed with the service and the food!!  Thank you for accommodating us!So we stopped in here for drinks before going to Clue Carre' since the first three bars we tried to go into were closed. I ordered a Bloody Mary-- it was possibly the worst I've ever had. It tasted like pasta sauce and black pepper. My sister ordered a Patron Margarita on the Rocks. The bartender served her a drink that was neon green lime mix and ABSOLUT VODKA!! No tequila in her margarita at all. We literally paid for the drinks, walked outside, laughed our asses off and threw them away. We did see some pizza that had just been made and it looked like it was fresh and might taste good. But, we didn't eat so can't attest to that.Run away run away watered down liquor run away run away. Hey yelp? Why do i need to have a specific word count when i can describe this joint in two words. Run away.The worst service ever!! Order burger and fries and hadn't delivered with no ketchup, no napkins no utensils!!! Call back and spoke to the order taker and to the manager and was informed they do not give out utensil and ketchup with orders unless you ask!! WTF!! You mean to tell me you have to ask for something as standard as ketchup and napkins to for a order of burger and fries!!! Will never order from here again!!Here on business with coworkers and stopped in for pizza. Tasted ok but while there, our extra kind waitress Chelsea experienced her first seizure the first day on the job. Two coworkers plus other patrons tended to her and called the ambulance while she came to. The owner came in yelling at her about turning the air conditioner down rather than being a human being and making sure she was ok after slamming her head on the counter. We didn't realize they even had air conditioning. The owner was not the least bit compassionate. We got out as soon as the ambulance took care of that poor girl. I hope she gets a better job.huge portions of average cuisine at a low price.  big pie is not a "destination" place but more of a target of opportunity.
i was in the cbd on a sunday evening (don't ask) and i was STARVING.  big pie was the first place that i found open so i stopped in.  service was fast and pleasant.  i ordered some sandwich which came with fries.  when the waitress brought it out, i almost fell out of my chair -- i'm not exaggerating when i say that the sandwich was MASSIVE.  it was cut in half, and each half was literally as big as my forearm (I'M NOT MAKING THIS UP!).  it was tasty and cheap . . . 
fast forward six hours.  i'm lying in bed at 1:00 a.m. and feel like my stomach is just churning.  so, to charlene a. who said she and her hubby got sick here -- i totally feel your pain.  it was very unpleasant.
i give them two stars, though, because i'd like to think this was just a one-off event.  however, i kind of doubt i'll ever be back to prove my theory . . . maybe i should've just given them the one star . . . ?This place is slammin! Great music playing. The pizza is delicious and our bartender Daneka is the bomb. She makes a delicious lemon drop martini. It's a must visit while you are in New Orleans!Got a garlic chicken pizza.... Yuck.  Not enough sauce, dry chicken, dry crust... Just all over plan and dry.  Looked great, tasted like cardboard.Management is very rude. We had a party of 9 one night. They gave us a pitcher of water after we asked for water bottles and my cup looked to have a piece of mold floating on the surface after I poured my cup. When I reported this to management they did nothing and proceed to argue with me. Very unprofessional. Pizza is not worth it.Great pizza..amazing crust! Had the eggplant and had to go back the next day and tried the Big Five. Can't wait for my next trip to NOLASandwich has four slices of meat and horribly tasteless don't waste your time or money! Pizza was okay happy I didn't get sickIn the city for a conference and staying in the area.  Did a quick search on Yelp and found this e spot. 
I was pleasantly surprised by the service and food.  The place was quick on Sunday night and sat at the bar to watch tv and chat with the bartender. 
I would easily return and try something different.  The 10" pizza was just the right size with Abita Amber on tap.  Make sure you give them a try.I wish I could do negative stars!! this place is so cheap... I want to speak to a manager. the server told us that you stole her money first off... second off we ordered a pizza that was 18.99 and the total came to 24.68? why is tax that high. also she complained  to us that the boss stole her money . then we got our pizza it had 8 slices. i asked her what she charged us and when I asked her about the price of our pizza she told us we ordered a large but the pizza was tiny and the price of an extra large. I WILL NEVER RETURN.The lady who rang me up stole $4 from me by changing the credit card receipt to give herself a generous tip.  The manager and owner were completely unhelpful and did not want to refund me my money. I would avoid this place.We decided to order from here last night for Delivery.  Ordered the big pie pizza that is like a "loaded" pizza with veggies and sausage.  Not only is the delivery service horrible but both my husband and I woke up ver very sick to our stomach!  Our bodies are in sooo much pain & we have been stuck in the hotel all day because of how sick we feel.  Definetly a case of food poisoning. Our vacay has been shot.Godawful. My wife returned her sandwich after a bite and the cook (won't call him a chef) refused to accept it. Do not patronize!If u want to eat and drink good luck and keep walking. Sat for 20 minutes and was told by a server to order from a blonde that ignored us 6 times. Learn customer service u lost money...more than once.Delicioso todo!! la Pizza de camarones con champiñones se las recomiendo!! El servicio y la atención excelente!!!I cannot believe people are upset about paying $6.99 for a pizza.  Really?  
We found this place on a Sunday when just about everything else in the area was closed except for the chains like Dominos.  We were happy to find it, and happy with what we got for the price.  Yes, it is a thin crust pizza, and, so, it's going to take a larger pizza to fill you up, but you also taste more of the real flavor of the pizza instead of just the crust.  We took advantage of the "special" which was two, one-topping large pizzas for $9.99 each with a 2 liter bottle of soda thrown in for no extra charge.  
I like the flavor and texture of the crust, and the sauce was good.  There was no aftertaste in either.  The toppings were a bit skimpy, but I did not mind.  I would definitely come back here whether it were a Sunday when everything is closed or not.  
The menu is expansive, and includes sandwiches, calzones, burgers, wings, quesadillas, wraps, pastas, and appetizers.  You can find something for any taste at this place, including hummus, gyro meat, and feta cheese.  
All in all, it was a good, fair value, and a better alternative for visitors from out of town who don't want to eat the same "stuff" they can get at home.  The waitstaff was friendly, and accommodating.  The restaurant/bar itself was clean, and you could see right into the kitchen to make sure your food was being prepared in a sanitary environment.  They do deliver, but, if you are staying nearby, it's no big deal to walk on over and check it our for yourself.  
It's a nice, decent place with good, tasty pizza, and nice drink specials.  We enjoyed two Bloody Marys at 2 for $10.00, and they were well done, too.  
No, this isn't Emeril, Besh, or Prudhomme, but it's pretty darned good, and it's proof that you can get good, tasty food at affordable prices in or near the French Quarter.Excellent pizza for NOLA.  New York or Boston style (thin, foldable, slightly salty...very good cheese) pie.  Has a bar and TVs to boot.   Great place.
Want a tip though?  Name it "Pizza Bar".... and watch the dine-in crowd explode.  Maybe Big Pie at The NOLA Pizza Bar?   
Great pizza!Stay away from this place if any event is in town.  We are in town for Wrestlemania weekend and they only had two waitresses working.  We waited 20 minutes and no one helped us.  People who already ate were standing in line to pay their tab. Run from this place and do not look back!The food is great for a "dive". The pepperoni calzone I had was delicious.
The service on the other hand was absolutely horrible.Long wait for mediocre food.  My pizza was the last to come out and was served with an obvious burnt circle in the middle.We tried to eat here.   Sat and waited for 30 min to have our order taken but they were too busy.   For the first 15 minutes, there were no employees to be found- they were all in the back.   Then when one employee finally came out she yelled that they would get everyone's order in a few minutes.   Another 15 minutes later we left without ordering.   Based on other reviews it's probably a good thing we were forced to eat somewhere else.A wonderful small, cozy pizza bar. They made me feel right at home after a really bad experience at one of the high-dollar restaurants in the neighborhood. 
Wonderful pizza and Kylie is pleasantly delightful.  
(so are the guys in the kitchen)
This will remain on my list of places to come back to visit!Food is good here.     Out of wings and beer on a Thursday nite.  Weird
Here again.  Wednesday. Out of wings again.  Happy hour. No beerOk if you get a calzone and pay extra for marinara. No sauce on the pizza. Frozen hamburger patty. Charge 50 cents for watery marinara and bottled ranch. Muffuletta had about 2 slices of meat and barely any olive stuff.  If you like to repeat yourself and argue about what constitutes quality, you may also get a show like we did. The cook threw a fit when we retuned the burger because we asked for it to be plain.  Then he threw pizza dough when we refused to accept a muffuletta with no stuff on it. In the mist of all that, the cook was displaying anger by fussing/yelling at waitress about us not being satisfied. It was their mistake on our order but he was angry at us!!!!! After all that, our plain hamburger request came back with mayo!!!!! So very unprofessional and rude!!!! Do NOT waste your time or money!!!!!!  New Orleans should have warning signs on places like this to protect its reputation for southern hospitality and great food.  The sandwich bread was good and the calzone was good. But if I wanted a bread sandwich I could have gone to grocery store and bought a loaf of bread!!!!!!!!Terrible service! Placed order several times and never had the same server return. People who came in after we did received food prior to us being served in the first place. Attempted to call in a delivery prior to leaving since they claim to be the "fastest delivery in the city," and was told to call back later. Bartender has not waited on a patron or done anything productive in about 45 minutes.So we came in after a very large concert and this place said it was open to 2 am only they were not ready to serve so many people.  They became so overwhelmed all orders had to be placed to go and the bartender stopped working the bar.  This explains why all I can take a picture of was the menu while waiting for a hour for our pizza.  This may explain the average rating here.I ordered chicken alfredo for delivery and when it arrived it was only fettuccini alfredo--NO Chicken. No breadsticks or garlic sticks with it either! :-( 
Disappointed this time!Placed a delivery order and was told 30-40 minutes. Once the food got here (large pizza and 8 pc bbq wings) the food was Luke warm when it arrived but went attempted to eat it with no fuss. However, the wings are another story entirely! When broken apart the meat was BROWN not white like chicken should be. We called the restaurant to tell them the problem and they blamed it on the sauce. There was no sauce on the meat in the inner part touching the bone. We asked for a fresh set of wings or a refund. They girl on the phone didnt wven entertain the idea of fresh wings but said the only way for them to do a refund was for them to come get the wings from us. Here it is a hour later and no one has returned for the wings and when called they say they are extremely busy and have customers. Well I'm a customer also! After this type of customer service and old food being delivered I won't be going back or recommending them to anyone else.Pretty good food. Pizza is thin crust. The chicken garlic pizza is really good, mozzarella sticks/garlic bread is alright but the Philly cheesesteak is delicious. Onions, mushroom, cheese and spices and it's a big sandwich. Nice lil bar/restaurant next to our hotel. Prices aren't bad either. Call for specials. The sandwich was $11 and came with fries. And they're open late!Calzone and gyro were above par. A good place for a quick bite when the opportunity presents itselfNot bad, and a nice change from your typical New Orleans pizza dive. It kind of loses its appeal with its close proximity to Domenica, but it's still decent pizza. The long and short of it:
1. Buffalo Chicken Pizza. Was good but unevenly spiced (3rd slice set my mouth ablaze). A large will feed 3 moderately hungry people.
2. Crust. Crispy, yet not too thin.
3. Price. A small will run you $7 which is about the same as Domenica. It's a bit overpriced for average pizza.
4. Hours. Open until 1:30 AM on Friday and Saturday. This place can be the saving grace of any drunk wanderers in from the quarter. Despite a lot of places being open, it can be hard to find late night food in the area.
Average pizza that's a little pricy but is available late. All in all that gives it about an average a rating as can be given. Drunk me may find myself here in the future, but only once other options have closed.
Overall Grade: CWent here twice while staying on a business trip. Service was great! Our Beers came out fast, and the Pizzas were delicious! Definitely will return to this place again! Everyone working here was great! Thanks!!!Stopped in this little hole in the wall gem because it was close to our hotel.  We were greeted with pleasant service, cold drinks and good food 
Quiet and family friendlyThe price was good as one would expect for a pizza place. The white pizza was great, thin crust. A great place to get some food from if you don't feel like cooking.We just ordered a custom pizza. Pepperoni, Italian sausage and extra cheese. Our pizza arrived on time, however there was no pepperoni and one piece of Italian sausage on each slice. At $3.00/premium topping, this is rather stingy at best. We also got charged for the pepperoni topping we never received.They have offered us a $5 credit towards our next order, but we will not be ordering from here again. I would not recommend anyone order from here.Found this place near our hotel.  Found website and menu.  Called for 8.99 large pizza special.  Was told that was only for lunch.  Dinner price 2x lunch price.  Pizza small, few pepperonis, and less than adequate.  Avoid this place.Despite the reviews, the pizza and wings werent that bad. Maybe it was just the need to put something on our stomachs. Had a beer or 2 to settle in.Surprisingly good meatball sub and cheap beers. Eunice was a very friendly and accommodating server. Low key. Great specials. A jukebox or darts would make it a 5.Best pizza in NOLA!!  Fresh toppings,  thin crispy crust!  Mmmmm!!  Friendly staff!  Great atmosphere!  I recommend this place for anyone who loves pizza!!Really good pizza in the CBD.  From what I saw, the sandwiches and wraps are huge and I'm excited to try them out!  And, they deliver!  Though I haven't had them deliver to me yet.This was the worst service I've ever received in restaurant. We were here with a large group of friends. Our food came out before the waitress even brought our drinks. I guess she just completely forgot about us... We ordered a large big pie combo. The pizza left a lot to be desired. It was basically melted cheese and raw toppings on a bread type crust. Awful. It was horribly expensive. Go to Rotolos!I swung my this place pretty late at night while in town on business. My flight got in pretty late, so
I was thrilled to find someplace within walking distance of where I'm staying. I ordered the chicken alfredo - I was craving some comfort food and thought this would hit the spot. 
The atmosphere is quiet and cozy - just a couple other people there. I took my order to go... it was a pasta in bed kind of night. Unfortunately, I forgot to ask them to add some flavor to my order. I like bland food - never add salt or pepper to anything. And even I thought this food was... tasteless. Maybe it needed cheese. I don't know. It just wasn't good. I may be back since it's so close to my apartment here, and they have Goose Island which I love, but I'll definitely try something else.Loved this understated little bar/restaurant across from our hotel. We stayed at Le Pavillion and saw this joint from our window and decided to try it when we were staying in one night. 
We were so surprised it turned out to be incredible food with a great happy hour. It was one of our favorite places we had eaten!
We got two of their specialty pizzas: Baked Potato Pizza and the Artichoke Pizza. I got a Caesar Salad on the side and we were so pleased with it all. The staff was super sweet and hooked us up :)Good pizza. Amazing cheese sticks.  Ground beef counts as a premium topping which is strange and pricey.  Food was really good and so was the service.  If you dont like spicy sauce you might want to get light sauce.  Its got a good kick.Didn't even try it. After waiting more the a hour and a half I turned the guy away.   Advertise the fastest delivery in the city. I won't even bother.So we ordered a small half cheese half pepperoni pizza, the sign outside said 6.99 for a small one topping with a picture of a small pepperoni pizza. So it should have not been a problem right? Wrong , she brings me a bills for 13.00 and I tell her about the sign, she then says that they can't put half pepperoni because it's to complicated. We left, if that's to complicated how the hell can they even bake a pizza. Would not recommend this place.