What a bummer! Being a resident of the Marigny and thrilled with the new restaurant scene developing in the Bywater, I was excited about the concept of this restaurant and so wanted to like it. First off, even if you'd never been to any of these places and sampled the street food the menu touts , I still think that the food is disappointing. Unfortunately, i have actually eaten a lot of the authentic street food abroad, and Booty's renditions don't even come close! Begging the question- have the chefs or owners of Booty's ever been to these places or do they just watch the Travel Channel a lot? However, the renovation is impressive and will even look better with l little age on it- ( if they can manage to stay open that long) and the drinks are interesting and fairly fun. I wish I could chalk the whole bad experience up to ordering badly, but two of the dishes that I ordered were on the recommendation of the server- the rice balls and the empanada. One quick note that must be said, the Ramen- really? egg noodles the size of fettuccine? and you call that pork broth? I'm pretty sure I cracked the code for that recipe- soy sauce, water and maybe a bit of sugar. As a lover of authentic Japanese Ramen, I was totally offended. Here's a little tip, his month's Bon Appetit  has a great photo of what real ramen should be, check it out boys, you don't even have to Japan! I could go on, but it would just be unnecessarily mean. Because I am the eternal optimist when it comes to new restaurants, especially those in my Hood, as disappointed as I am I will probably go back. The vibe was great and I would like to see them ultimately succeed, but next time I will stick to the fries and drinks.The food here is great and completely universal...you have all different countries....I gave it a 4 because the service is not that great.  Food is very tasty and drinks are good!I really want to give Booty's Street Food 5 stars but considering their name has "food" in it and I have yet to try their culinary offerings I am withholding my last star until I can sample their wares. 
OKAY, so, first things first. Normally I would dislike a place like this. I am too quick to judge and would write Booty's off as being pretentious or trying too hard. I think the difference with Booty's is that it feels extremely genuine. You get a real sense that the owners really care about creating a unique dining experience. The longer I sat at the bar enjoying my iced latte (more on that later) the more I picked up on small design details that were truly a joy to behold. For example, your craft beverage is served in a mason jar that sits on a handmade (in New Orleans) wooden drink coaster that snaps to the magnetized bar top. You can see all of the handmade cordials, syrups, bitters, etc. in the clear storage behind the bar.  Murals and prints adorn the walls and low-watt bulbs hanging from the ceiling creating a visually cool lighting design. The menus themselves are works of art and I spent a good 20 minutes pouring over them. 
They serve delicious Stumptown coffee and my iced latte was probably the best I'd ever consumed. I tasted my friend's Bywater Bomber (get 1 free with a check-in on Yelp!) and was impressed. 
My favorite part of the restaurant was the bathrooms. They're unisex and home to rotating art installations. I personally loved the disclaimer on the door that there were sexual themes in the artwork and for parents to be wary of that when bringing children in to use the restroom unless they were ready to have "the talk" in the Bywaterloo's.
I also have to admit that I am a bit of a fangirl of the owners' website, although to be fair I had no idea that Booty was their restaurant until I saw the unicorn references and the name and put 2+2 together. 
I can't wait to come back and try the food.I went for a late linner (lunch/dinner) today and hand the kimchi jeung, queijo na brasa, and a hot silk to drink.
I like kimchi a lot.  It was often in the house as I was growing up, and I have some in my fridge right now.  I asked a couple of weeks ago when I had the bulgogi (another childhood favourite) and was told they make the kimchi in house.  It tastes really good, but it could be spicier in my opinion.  They do serve it with sriracha, but it's not the same.  The kimchi jeung is a kimchi pancake with diced pork belly and green onions on top.  The plate is painted, maybe it's something like Korean BBQ sauce.  It was good, although next time I may ask for a little extra kimchi on the side.  Did I mention I like kimchi?
The queijo na brasa is grilled cheese pieces served on a stick.  No bread, just cheese.  It was good, but I like my cheese a little meltier.  Like when you take queso blanco fresco and grill it.  Gets gooey and soft.  But, I digress.  This cheese had pretty grill marks on in, herbs, olive oil.  It tasted good, but wasn't the texture I was hooping for.
Finally, the hot silk...  I almost got the house made horchata, cuz I like horchata almost as much as kimchi, but browsing the drink menu this one caught my eye.  Liquor of some kind or another (does it really matter) and cardamom.  It was yummy.  Since it was hot, there was some strong alcohol flavor at first (like drinking hot sake), but the cardamom definitely came thru.  
It was a good lunch and I will be back again and again.This place was ok the menu choice was limited.My fish in chips had no flavor and they didn't have ketchup but they make ketchup curry no ketchup! What?? Other than that the waitresses are nice.
and food gets to you fast!!I have to admit that I was in a big hurry when I made my first visit to Booty's Street Food recently.  The place was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon and my server greeted me upon entering.  The huge bar and center counter seating are the focal points of the dining room and I especially like the rustic lights suspended from above.  
My server dropped off a menu and some water in just a minute or two.  Kudos to the chilled water being served in empty wine bottles and I also liked the mason jars to go with it.  As stated earlier, I was very short on time and took less than a minute to glance at the menu. I chose the Pupusa benedict, which featured two cheese stuffed masa cakes, poached eggs, avocado & brown butter lime chipotle Hollandaise.
My food came out very timely and the presentation was appealing.  The poached eggs sitting on top were perfectly cooked and were the highlight of the meal.  The cheese stuffed masa cakes were ok, but I was expecting a little more.  To me, they were a little tough, like a slightly over-baked ravioli; but perhaps that's the texture they wanted to support the eggs.  The Hollandaise was just ok, but what I didn't enjoy was the tart "slaw/cabbage" that surrounded the dish. 
However, I think that a second visit may be warranted.  Perhaps there's a 4th star lurking with my next meal.Great atmosphere, quality service, super good craft cocktails and an inventive globetrotting menu. I think that pretty much sums it up.
Although I'm not quite sure that Fish & Chips originated in Oldham, England specifically - especially since it's landlocked.Yes sir, this place shows its ass as it is awesome.from the time you walk in you are greeted with a smiling face, Rachel we later learned.we are told about the special and how that special came to be, the chef's recent trip to the Caribbean which brought back fritters that were damn good with a lot of flavor.the same waitress also brought three sauces that could be used with our tapas style eats ma asking the whole service above stellar.
We had the gunmandu-freaking yum. Amsterdam fries, double speed with a fresh mayo and curry ketchup. Papasi for desert which includes a sweet syrup for powdery spherical doughnuts... and there was something else i  cannot find on their menu this instant and I don't treatment that was also delicious.
So overall environment was/is awesome
Service was stellar.
Food was exotic and when you want something different definitely check booty's.
+ just a plus they when possible use only local farmers produce and meats which is a local plus.The decor is amazing.  Kudos on a job well done with a great renovation.  The vibe is right and the place looks fantastic.  Service was very good, especially for the second night the place was open.  Unfortunately, they must have forgotten to worry about the important parts - the food and drinks.  Had a variety of menu items, which ranged from decent (the japanese steak skewers), to the bland (all of the tacos), to the inedible (crab rangoon that was mostly burnt dough).  By far the worst dish of the night was the "grilled cheese" which was limp, skewered rectangles of cheese that had been grilled and covered in an herb mixture.  The texture of the cheese was worse than eating styrofoam, and the presentation was horrific.  Three skewers were stuffed into a small glass cup, which as a result of the heat from the grill, caused the interior sides to cover in condensation resulting in limp and damp grilled cheese.  I was the only one who was adventurous and tried a cocktail off their menu - a drink that sounded like a take on a margarita, but tasted like a juiced red bell pepper.  Undrinkable.  I had high hopes for this place and was severely disappointed.  I know it was the second night they were open, and I hope they can turn this around, but in a city so focused on good food, I don't think this place will make it.  Usually, the pitfalls of opening night/week/month are service related and the food shines through, requiring a second look.  For Booty's, its the opposite. 
Edit - Appreciate the feedback from the owner.  The deep fried dumplings were described to us as crab rangoon - but even if that's not what they were - they were not good.  My drink I described as a take on a margarita because it had tequila and juice.I made a reservation for Booty's for NYE for a group of 12 people on Open Table. Open Table confirmed the res. I called repeatedly to make sure the res was good to go, to check if they had a pre-fix menu for the night and their voicemail said they were open, just away from the phone. I also emailed them to no avail. I checked Yelp and Facebook and there was no indication they would be closed. Our group arrived to a closed restaurant. Thank God Oxalis was able to seat us on their patio. Even if Booty's reopens, I'll never go back.Don't recommend at all. Had party of 8....they made us get the tasting menu...sounded like a good idea right? Only 25 bucks each. ... nope, not a good idea at all. Every one left hungry,  food was subpar, took WAY too long to come out and service was unorganized.  
If I could rate this with a half star I would... This place is all hype and I don't understand how it can average 3-1/2 stars.....Unbelievable.Holy crap! This place is a pit! First of all, in a town that has incredible food, Booty's is substandard even by food truck standards. Their Banh Mi roll tastes like it was purchased at farmer jack. 
Worse than that, their fish tacos are $6 a piece!? Where are we, Paris? A taco should be, at most 3 bucks. Any more than that and you're doing something wrong.
The staff was nice and the place was clean in that sort of drab, gray, lacquered cement kinda way, but the food is not good and definitely too expensive.Such a treat to have such an array of food styles/choices on one menu.  Cubano sandwich and Amsterdam fries are a great combo though you might need a nap afterwards.  Also enjoyed their freshly made Bywater Bomb Daiquiri made with fresh pineapple (yes definitely needed a nap following).  Really enjoyed the decor too and the art installations in the bathroom.  Staff was incredibly attentive and super friendly.Pros: I like the idea of it. 
Cons: I was not impressed by the food. The horchata had a weird taste to it. Nothing like I have ever had (and in a bad after taste you can't get rid of kind of way.) That set the tone for the rest of the meal.  All of the items I wanted to try were not available.   The food we did order was not memorable. Usually I will give restaurants another try. I didn't feel that way this time.OK, going for a balanced review here. I will return to this place for its drinks and ambiance, but the 3rd star is for potential: in other words, I won't come hungry, at least until they work out a few kinks in the food menu. In other words, when I want street food, I still prefer... well, street food.
Ambiance: 5 stars-- really nice and original decor, plus it's wonderful to have a bar AND café with free wifi in this location.
Drinks: 4 stars-- really interesting and innovative. I would come here just for the reasonably-priced cocktails, unusual cheap beers, and edginess.
Food: 2 stars-- it's overpriced for extremely small portions, even for a tapas restaurant. At the same time the food is extremely inconsistent in quality and fairly bland in a city that thrives on spice. For example, my friend ordered ceviche, which was served in a small paper funnel and topped with... popcorn. When a waiter presents ceviche and you see only popcorn, but he still insists it's ceviche, that results in some confusion. I like gourmet, but not at the expense of edibility, and for $9, this dish was ridiculous enough to shock reality show judges. Another example: the Belgian fries have no qualities that mark them as Belgian except for being served in a paper cone. You'd get more flavor and satisfaction from McDonald's fries. On the other hand, they come with a wide selection of excellent sauces, which are delicious enough to render the bland fry a mere calorie-laden sauce vessel. Since it is an experimental menu trying to combine interesting elements from around the world, I hope they work out some of the kinks and highlight the more successful parts of their menu... while perhaps serving more generous portions or reducing prices. After all, street food aims to satisfy.
Presentation: 2 stars-- leaves something to be desired, but they said they are working on that. I get that they are going for a street food aesthetic, and adapting that to fine dining is going to be inherently challenging.
Service: Excellent, attentive, and timely.
EDIT 12/12:
I've been informed that popcorn as a side to ceviche is apparently a thing in Perú and Ecuador. I lived there (north coast of Perú with a few visits elsewhere) and never encountered it, but apparently it happens more in Ecuador, where I spent much less time. So I stand corrected on that one, although I agree with another reviewer that maybe a little twist to the popcorn might be in order, something to liven it up, and more attention to what angle Booty's is going for with the food combinations. Hell, make it educational... tell us in the menu! Also Booty's is adding sauces to the table to appeal to a variety of spice palettes and adjusting serving proportions... got a nice response from the management explaining that they are responding to all reviews. Overall, I like that they're going out on a limb and doing something edgy.Back for a second trip to Booty's and loved it again. Came straight from the airport and was refreshed with a cool aqua fresca followed by a gespacho with pickled watermelons. (We don't have them in Philadelphia that i know of!). I had my first yakitori with tender chicken thighs and grilled to perfection. I also loved the Korean Dumplings which Booty's serves crispy (yummy) style with a light dipping sauce. The Bywater is a fabulous, friendly, artsy neighborhood that would be loved by all of us that love our Northern Liberties in Philly. And Booty's is a great place to get a taste of it.My wife and I were visiting from San Francisco and had the good fortune of grabbing a late lunch at Booty's.  We loved the eclectic nature of the menu and tried the Arancini, Queijo Na Brasa, Yuca Mofongo, and Gunmandu.  All dishes were delicious with the Yuca (Puerto Rican yuca fritter stuffed with roast pork) was our must try favorite.  And a Tiger Beer washed it all down perfectly.  We'll be back on our next trip!I had the pleasure of dining at Booty's Street Food recently with members of my family.  Due to the extensive menu we were able to sample many different things and enjoyed them all. The cocktails were slamming!; with original drinks I have only seen at Booty's. I loved the way the "Loos" (rest rooms) were decorated as Booty features 2 different artists works monthly allowing them to showcase their talents by decorating the rest rooms.  My only complaint is I live too far away to enjoy Bootys on a regular basis, you lucky Nola gang!!!. Next trip I will have my Booty on a stool at Booty's Street Food. oh yeah and loved me some Stumptown Coffee!!!!Great atmosphere. Feels like a cozy bar but food also is excellent. Try sriracha icecream it is very interesting. I wish we could have a place like this in dc or baltimore. Great service as well.I dig it! Creative cocktails made with fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and as others have said, the decor is lovely. You definitely get a Brooklyn or San Francisco vibe when you walk through the doors -- it's an excellent addition to the neighborhood. Also, their logo is a unicorn skull & cross bones. So great! 
I like their concept of street food fusion. It kind of makes you wish all street food was this good.
One caveat: Very few vegan/vegetarian options.The food was just flavorless.  Every single dish ordered. The cocktails weren't bad, and a good price. The food sounded good, but fell flat. With all the other fantastic choices mere steps away, I will always go elsewhere.A great looking place in the neighborhood, but sadly disappointing service. We came on Wednesday last week, the place mostly quiet, but the bartender was stressed, and was neither friendly or attentive. The same could be said for the manager/owner who came behind the bar and greeted us all with a dour look.  A decent cocktail, but. we decided not to stay and eat.  Big on design, but lacking otherwise.--over all atmosphere not very encouraging for future visits with so many other options close by.We went there for brunch and enjoyed ourselves. I like the worldly concept of the menu and clean, updated interior. Seems like the owners put thought into it. The beer menu had an interesting point or two so my husband tried a beer he hadn't had and I tried the Bywater Bomber daiquiri. The daiquiri was lovely, light refreshing. The rosewater ingredient was a nice touch. I recommend stopping by for breakfast because the portions are good and the atmosphere is relaxing.Ok. The Bywater has officially become uncontrollably hip and if you somehow hadn't noticed before, well, now you know, and here is the new official headquarters. Check it out. I came yesterday, and despite minor kinks in the service, (they just opened), the food, drinks, concept, vibe, err'thing, was pretty awesome imo. Taco trio = awesomeness.So disappointed in the service and experience here. I brought 2 out-of-town guests to booty's for breakfast (one of them happened to be a professional chef) and we all left totally unsatisfied, still hungry, disappointed, I, embarrassed. We were the first table to be seated that morning, yet the last to be served. Not only that, but there was about a 10-15 minute pause in between when each of our three entrees was delivered. (We should've just stayed in the 45-minute wait at Elizabeth's - we would've gotten our meals sooner there!) The food didn't make up for things. Portions tiny, a breakfast appetizer at most. On top of it all, the one server on the floor avoided eye contact, didn't check in with us, and was hardly apologetic when clearly she knew the service had been terrible. The bottom-less cup of self-serve coffee may have been the only redeeming aspect of the morning. I hope the manager takes some of these critiques to heart. I live in the neighborhood, have tried to love booty's, but out of three experiences there, only one was okay, the other two were outstandingly bad. I will not be giving Booty's another shot or recommending it unless there's a major turn over in service and delivery.Made a reservation for a large party so we were required to get the tasting menu. We had some big eaters so we went with the 9-course menu instead of the 5-course one. (You are required as a table to choose one.) When I asked the waitress if she could do a separate check for me and my date she made a face and said, "I can but I don't want to..."
Wow.
The meal took 3 hours. THREE HOURS! Some of the food came out quickly while other dishes took 30-minutes or more. By the end some of our party had to leave because it was 11:30 at night and they had to work the next day. And the waitress and kitchen forgot about our last course (the ceviche) but we were relieved because we just wanted to be done already. They did try to charge us for it, however.
I actually enjoyed the food but the service was truly awful. You can believe all the other reviews on here that say that. I won't be back here again.Waiter read my mind about everything! 
* Pinnacle tamarind mock tail (sour spice!)
* Kimchi tacos, extra smokey.
* Chicken on a stick!!!
It's fancy w/ a modern aesthetic, and still street food, in flavor.Amazing food, great service, good value.
This has always been a favorite lunch and dinner spot, and the weekend brunch is also highly recommended. The food is delicious and unique. The servers are knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly.
I brought a friend who is a real foodie from out of town here for lunch one day. He loved it so much that he insisted we go back the next day.I agree with others on the ambiance and decor. Bravo.  
Also on service - rock solid for a young place. 
Food - a few decent items, but I do hope you guys can get a clearer picture of where you are headed.  I can't tell if, on the ceviche for example, you are telling me you want to riff on ceviche or replicate it.  Hard to understand. Shrimp was tasty, tomato salsa fine.  Popcorn on top? I don't understand. If you go there, wow me with the popcorn, don't make me wonder if it was popped yesterday or microwaved. 
Other elements just didn't scream fresh to me.  Fries looked frozen at other table so we didn't order them. Fried korean dumplings just looked tired on the plate.
Even more disappointed on the drinks.  I ordered horchata and it tasted unlike any horchata I've had. I am left wondering - do you guys know what a Horchata is or am I not getting the riff you are making? If you are riffing, tell me that up front. I actually looked back at the menu to see if this was a twist on a Horchata. 
There is some real potential here for you all, but I didn't feel confident about whether you were willing to keep it fresh and simple enough to make me feel comfortable about what to expect. Otherwise the street food from everywhere comes across as an attempt to lower my expectations. 
Cautiously optimistic about the next trip.
EDIT: Adding a star for the incredibly honest feedback from bartender and owner. Major props.Food is creative though a bit off from the authentic source item. Ramen was interesting if slightly saltier than normal. Service was solid as was ambiance. Drinks were OK.  They were either on the overly sweet side or were dominated by one flavor. Don't expect Cure level nuanced cocktails, but for the price its worth trying at least one or two to start your meal off with. Parking is on the street and free.Hopped on a cab with ze boo and checked this little spot out.
Felt exactly at home, just like in Bmore! Super extensive craft beer list, featuring many brews from Louisiana and Mississippi, cocktails, and generous vino pours. Sat at the bar, chatted to the folks running it, and ate some fried tubers aka thick cut delicious french fries.
They even accept Bitcoin!
Loved this place. Would be my neighborhood hang if I lived here.Overpriced but not entirely worth missing. One of the only decent cups of *regular coffee* in town, just don't expect them to know what a cappuccino is. Two times I ordered one (they boast using Stumptown beans), I received a 16oz latte. 
Valentina served us our first few times and DID manage to make us very high quality cappuccinos! She is also incredibly friendly, very professional and good at managing a full bar. We really enjoyed her service, it was our return trips, with other bartenders, that were a disappointment.
The owner checked in with us, but it felt like faux hospitality, like we were more of a bother than anything. 
The food itself was certainly okay, but nothing to write home about. I'd recommend the fries, skip the pupusas and the shrimp. 
We did make a purchase at Booty's that made our entire trip better: a bag of Stumptown coffee beans.
The decor of this place is a little too hipster, but it's still cute. They have a rotating art show in the bathroom- kitschy and interesting, the right kind of tacky.
Booty's left us with very mixed emotions.Finally got a chance to have dinner at the Bywater's latest hot spot and was sorely disappointed.
Unfortunately I can't tell you exactly what we had but I had some sort of steak on a stick in a cup. I think it was Korean. It was cold, overly charred and bland.
My husband had ramen with a soft boiled egg and pork belly. I thought it was okay but he found it inedible. It was bland (I guess that's why they gave us Sriracha sauce) and the noodles were undercooked.
The fries were good but I ordered two aioli sauces - one was great, the other was even blander than mayo. 
The service was good and the decor is appealing. But I'll likely only ever go back for drinks, if even that. 
Oh, and previously I tried to get coffee one morning. But I drink lattes with flavor. They don't offer flavors so I tried to order a mocha. Nope. Just straight up coffee. Fine for some, but not me.I so badly want to give this place at least a 4. 
The setting is beautiful, the homemade hot sauces were great, the cocktails were varied and interesting, and the service was great, albeit slow. 
Every single dish on the menu sounds fantastic, but when it came down to it, the food really fell below expectations. The french fries were good, but that was about it. Perhaps it had something to do with the heat lamps not working (I'd be shocked to think that this makes such a big deal), but the food was served semi-cold, and was really, really disappointing, considering how much potential it seemed to have had. The shrimp curry was bland, the shishito hot peppers were fine (cold), and the Acra's st. martinique (Shrimp, coconut, scallions + orange fritters, jalapeno-honey sauce) was..bad. The shrimp was low quality and the dipping sauce was really weak. I'd like to think that this was a bad night, and hope to come back in the future when they've worked out the kinks, or perhaps try different things.
For now, great for cocktails.I love love love appetizers and Booty's is like one long list of appetizers. Everything is unique and different from the next. Some stuff is more filling, like the Vietnamese poboy, but mostly everything I've had there is a small plate. I love that because I can eat all the foods! It's a very small and intimate space, but I have gone around 8ish on a Saturday and had no trouble getting a seat for two. We had two different people visit our table and both were really nice and welcoming. 
We ordered drinks and after a mild wait time they arrived and we went ahead and ordered a few snacky things. I had the crispy Korean dumplings and they were so yum! They came in an order of three, which I wish was four to make it an easier split. Next time, I will know to just order two of them because sharing is not gonna happen next time. The soy citrus dipping sauce really made the dish for me. It was able to marry all the components of the dumpling perfectly. The Bahn mi was really good and fresh tasting. The only downside is the bread and other toppings sort of drown the pork belly flavor so the star of the show ends up being in the chorus. I think if the bread was thinner and had less of the strong flavored greens the sandwich would be more balanced. 
After our food, we were in the mood for more drinks, but didn't want to be rude and hog a table so we offered to move to the bar, but our server insisted we stay and enjoy ourselves for as long as we like. I think that was my favorite part, so many restaurants want high turnover to make more money (which I get), but it was nice to not feel obligated to pay and leave just because we were finished eating. We ended up staying for two more rounds of drinks. 
Booty's has everything I like! Good atmosphere, friendly staff, a well made cocktail, great food, and all without breaking the bank. That just doesn't always come in the same package.Do not go there hungry. It's really really small plates. I'm glad I went for lunch. It is really street food from all over the world, which is cool and different. It's a quaint, nice atmosphere. The staff was very nice. My boyfriend and shared a couple plates and he wasn't impressed at all, I think it was because he was hungry(had to feed him an hour later). I really enjoyed the plantains. I will probably go back for brunch just to check it.Just moved to the neighborhood and finally checked Booty's out after hearing nothing but great things. The food was great, and the bar was much more extensive then I thought! If you're lucky enough to have Ted as your bartender, make sure you mention if you have a hangover...he'll take care of you!! :)I like this place. I really like the concept of street food from around the world. I enjoy tying all different kinds of cuisine. I am not picky and find that experimenting with different foods is like an awakening of the senses.  Restaurants like this are fun, comfortable and inspires you to experiment with many different food items. I like food from all over the world so if you do, you will like this place too.  I have sent a couple people, one who himself is a chef and owns his own restaurant to Booty's.  They didn't care for it and much as I.  Mainly because of the service was poor when they were there.  It had lacked during my visit too.  Once, they took pretty long to first come over to our table. I think they just missed us entering.  Next time I went they messed up my friend's order and gave him someone else's.  However, they graciously let us keep the dish and brought his correct dish out pronto and were very friendly.Ate at Booty's 3 times and have had mixed experiences, mostly for the worst.
First time, we went there for dinner. It was opening weekend, so I'll cut them a little bit of slack that time for the crappy service. I had forgotten my ID at home and the waitress refused to serve me a cocktail without it, so I had to drive ALL the way back uptown just to get it. When some friends showed up later and the servers were slammed, she didn't even ask to see theirs. Food took forever to come out, which would have been bearable had they checked on us more frequently for drinks. Paying at the end was a nightmare, as they had everyone close out their respective tabs on an IPAD.
In spite of the crummy service, I still came back because I actually kind of liked the food. Next time around, a few months later, I had a decent meal there with a girlfriend and brushed off my previous experience as an opening weekend fluke.
Third time I came there for lunch with a coworker and realized the service had regressed back to opening weekend. The server slammed the menus down as we sat and ran off before we could ask for some waters. Over 10 minutes later, after acknowledging pretty much everyone else in the restaurant (including bringing waters to people seated AFTER us), we finally got her attention and asked to order. When I ordered the Bywater Bomber as a drink, she informed me of the Yelp drink special and that we'd get a free Bywater Bomber for checking into Booty's on Yelp. So check in we did, and we showed her our online vouchers as proof.
We got our Bombers and then thought, hey this isn't so bad after all! We were wrong. The waitress did not come by to check on us once after that. We relied on the helpfulness of server who brought us our food for the rest of the meal. When we were finally fed up with the crummy service and mediocre food, we attempted to get the attention of the waitress to ask her to bring the check. After multiple failed attempts we finally caught her eye. She came back with the check and stood there impatiently as we fumbled for our cards. Feeling rushed, we did not review the bill and just asked her to split it down the middle. Unfortunately because the meal had taken so long and we were in a hurry, we  did not realize until after we left that she had in fact charged us for those free Bombers. I called the restaurant back to inform them what had happened and they were kind enough to offer us free drinks next time we came back, but I don't think even a free cocktail would be enough to get us back there.The drinks are a bit expensive for such a small amount. And my crepe was soggy... won't be going back unless I'm desperate or if it's free.Booty's is hands down my favorite bar in New Orleans. Their cocktails are the perfect mix of sweet and strong, and they have a rotating menu so there is almost always something new to try. The orange flower-type spray that they put in some of their drinks is crazy delicious. 
Their food is also yummy. The ramen comes with the broth in a teapot . . . adorable! And I've always found the bartenders and waiters to be really friendly, and the atmosphere is generally warm and lively.
Nothing not to love.Ok. Review number one from our New Orleans trip. I arrived on Friday night and had made reservations based on some of the reviews i read. I wanted to see what kind of twist N.O could put on these famous and well-known street food classics. There were 5 us at dinner. First, i love the fact that Booty's is off the beaten path. I had the empanada, ceviche, mofongo, and banh mi. The ceviche was good, and they pretty much naied the traditional flavors with the leche de tigre. The empanada was very good. It had a nice smokey flavor to it. I can't attest to the originality of the banh mi, as this is my first, but it was very well flavored and texturally contrasting. My girl loved it. The mofongo was great. It used yuca, which was perfectly crunchy.My girl had dumplings (which were delicious!). Definitely a hipster place, but the food is on point!! A couple of people had the Brazilian grilled cheese cheese. My lady's mom had the special which was a Trinidad burger served between two big tostones (fried green plantains). It was perfectly seasoned and cooked to the perfect doneness.. I tried it and it was pretty good. For dessert we had the plantains in caramel sauce. BANGIN!! get them. The drinks were also all very good. Service could have been better, but it was busy, so it is understandable. I'm very glad i came across this little gem in Bywater. It's a cool place for groups to come drink, share food, and ENJOY!!!Food was delicious. Everything I tasted was so good. I.recommend going with friends abd sharing plates. Owner Nick also came over to our table and spent time talking with us. Awesome guy. I can't wait to go back and try the brunch and dinner menusHow can you possibly not love a place with a dessert called Elvis, a doughnut-ish pastry with strawberries, bananas and bacon (served with vanilla ice-cream), which is actually really tasty???
But Elvis, powerful as might be, is by no means the only reason I love Booty's. Let me try to name a few others:
1. The food is really really good. I have so far tried three of the "featured country" menus (changing weekly and available for dinner only) and I loved all of them. Last week's featured country was Italy. An Italian friend of mine said that the zeppoli reminded him of those his grandma made, and that's a huge complement.
2. The drinks are delicious and interesting.
3. With free wi-fi and outlets by every table, the place is very laptop friendly.
4. I love the (changing once a month) bathroom decorations.
5. Just about each and every one of the servers is wonderful.
6. It is refreshing to visit a place that actually takes their Yelp promises (freebie for checking in) seriously. I've been to quite a few places where I was told "Oh, we don't even have this item on the menu any more". Not here. Yelp promises a free Bywater Bomber (a really tasty frozen drink) for a check-in and that's exactly what you get. And you can claim it once a day!
Whether to have a meal, or to just hang around with my laptop and a drink, it has become one of my favorite spots in the neighborhood.Good food. Not the greatest customer service. Waitress did try to make up for mix ups with complementary zeppole.Takin the soul train to Booty Town y'all!!! Great atmosphere, great service but above all outstanding food. Ready your tastebuds for a gastronomical experience because that's what takes place at this magical place called Booty's!This place is fantastic, such a cool place to get some awesome food.
p.s. check out the bathrooms!Arrived at Booty's at 6:30 PM on a Saturday night. We walked right in and sat. It took forever for me to get a drink. The bartender came from behind the bar to my table.  I didn't see a waitress until 20-30 minutes later. Then I didn't see her for the rest of the night. The manager waited on us. Service is so so, but the food was delicious. 
Def try the daiquiris. You won't regret it. 
As for the food, anything you get will be good. Try the empanadas, curry, and the fries. The fries have a peanut sauce to dip. They are also served with bacon. I was upset that they didn't have the cheese that I usually get on the menu.Booty's, you had me at the unicorn pirate logo. Not only is the concept & design for this place wonderful (the best street food from cities all over the world) but the food and drinks do not disappoint. Their attention to detail adds such a nice touch. From the menus, to the rotating art installations in the unisex bathrooms, to the finely crafted cocktails... I can't get enough BOOTY! If you want to beat the crowds go for lunch, if you want a fun crowded atmosphere go at night! Either way you should check in on your yelp app... you'll thank me later ;)I'm so happy to see this awesome new place in the hood! First, the decor is spot on. Love, love the vibe going on here! 
I have been a couple of times now for dinner and cocktails and everything has been delicious. And very reasonably priced too. Cool crowd, good people watching and some very inexpensive beers from around the world makes it a fun drinking adventure! Although I had one too many of the huge Russian beers and couldn't continue drinking around the world! ;) 
The yuca dish & the shrimp were 2 of my favorite dishes. It's a very cool concept (street food from around the world) and hope these guys do well!This place is a rip. We were even ordering off the happy hour menu and I still thought it was a rip. If teeny tiny portions are your thing then this is the place for you. We spent   about $30 on food and $20 on drinks and left hungry. Had to go to the Joint after to satiate my date's appetite.Oh, Booty's your fries are really really great even though someone should probably correct me for it's actual name, idk. 
I come here very frequently. I come here for the coffee, I come here for the booze, I come here for the booze, I come here for the... booze? 
Since I know a few of the bartenders, it's cute to try the cocktails that the bartenders that you know have made. 
I feel like yesterday, I almost tried them all. Recommended (For a limited time): Protect your snacks, Stag Night, Hash Tag Blessed, and Margarita Meltdown. 
THAT SHIT IS TIGHT BUTTHOLE, YURT. 
I ended up here yesterday for three shifts of bartenders, I have a problem. You know what the though? I'm a fun guy. Stfu. 
Anyway. if you eat here, I would totally recommend sharing a thing. I mean, they're not the most expensive tapas but it's just kind of adds up, ya know? And I wouldn't recommend this place if you're starving to death either. I mean, at least for me- I really can down a whole entire box of pizza and then probably barf, but you know my EYES STOMACH AND HEART ARE ALL CONDITIONED TO BIG THINGS! 
So, yeah. The food is really good, but it's just a good like snacking because you drank so many things that didn't matter. 
SHOUT OUT TO ROYALE FOR MAKING THE BEST COFFEE IN THE WORLD 
SHOUT OUT TO JENNIFER FOR MAKING THE SECOND BEST COFFEE IN THE WORLD 
SHOUT OUT TO YA"LL LISTENING TO ME ABOUT ABSOLUTELY NOTHING 
WOOP!Sorry, this place is a joke. No no, really - it's worth going just for the laughs. When you picture hipster culture and style, what do you picture? If you're already offended, this place is for you. If you're still reading, expect to find every hipster cliche and punchline at Booty's. From the totally over-the-top stylistic choices of the interior and the over-priced but very underwhelming food, to the don't-give-a-crap-I'm-too-cool-for-this-job attitude of the waitstaff, Booty's is at once a representation of all that's trendy right now that when stripped away leaves little or nothing of substance. The only thing it was missing was a DJ playing with a turn-of-the-century Victrola. And the only good thing was the sazerac, even with its 20 minute wait. On the other hand, maybe the joke is on me! Is it possible that Booty's is a statement, an allegory of sorts, and that I just didn't get it? Oh I'm sure that I just didn't get it.Made it back to Booty's to try their food and I'm pleased to announce that I was very satisfied. I ordered the Banh Mi and cleaned my plate. I tasted my dining partner's dish (something with rice, pork, and avocado--can't remember the name) and thought his was great, too. Nice portion sizes and pretty presentation. The prices are more than fair for what you get. My latte wasn't as mind-blowing this time but it was still palatable. Our server was sweet but she never checked on us once our food had been delivered. I thought that was a little ridiculous considering how small the space is but not enough to remove a star from my rating.
I like that both times I've been in the owners have been present and helping out around the place. I look forward to coming in and trying some different menu items.I've been to booty's once for brunch and once for dinner.  Our brunch experience so much more fun, mostly because of the service.  (Brunch was so delicious and the server was excited to suggest food, etc.)  Try the cottontail drink and the pork belly pancakes!  
I work in the hospitality industry and understand not everything is a servers fault.  However, our server just seemed uninterested in our table.  My second drink wasn't rang in or brought out for a long time.  We ordered a bunch of food, so at first I thought they were coursing out all the food to share.  
However, neither of my dishes were brought out.  When I asked to cancel the order since we were finishing up, she brought out the dish which was alright but overcooked because it was probably sitting in the kitchen too long.  No apology or offer to buy it for us, just a "well it was made already..."  I'm not a difficult guest, just want to feel taken care of.
Really fun, interesting food, but service needs some help.Everything was just great: Service, atmosphere, cocktails, and food.  I love the concept of a world menu and split plates (I like to try everything).  We went on a Tuesday so it was pretty quiet compared to some other reviews.We are frequent visitors to New Orleans and plan on living there at some point. We love the Bywater neighborhood. Friends recommended Booty's so we thought we would give it a try. My husband, friend and I stopped by on a Tuesday night (we were warned not to try on a weekend) and the place looked nice and welcoming. After a confusing interaction regarding seating we decided to sit at the long table. We sat for long enough that I got up and checked at the bar to see if someone might bring us menus, water...after another five or ten minutes a bartender/waitstaff stopped by with water and menus and explained how to order. Then the real wait commenced...we watched as others who came in after had their orders taken and received drinks. I'm not one to be obnoxious about service but there were a few glances to indicate we were more than ready to order our food and drinks. After about fifteen minutes of being basically ignored (at one point someone buzzed by to say someone else would be by soon to take our order) we got up and left. We were all starving after a long day so our patience with this experience wore thin quickly. 
The food looked good, wish we had been able to try it. Went down the street to Maurepas and had a great meal with friendly, helpful service.
NOTE: I'm adding a star to the review as I was contacted by the management for feedback on my review. I'm hoping to visit there again and give it another try!Just another hipster place. Typing this while here. Service sucks, took 15 min to get water, then another 15 to place order than another 15 for my drink. With 5 others and all our foods came out about 10 minutes apart, and on top of it the orders were wrong.  As for the taste of the food nothing special. I feel like I am trapped in here and just want to get out.Yum!! Yum!!! Amazing brunch! Went there with four of my friends and none of us were disappointed. A really great spot to eat, drink coffee and have a good time!Disclaimer: This is the collective option of 4 rather opinionated foodies, and we've been eating at a lot of really good restaurants lately. 
Hipster style decor. Great looking menu. Tapas style, small plates, great presentation. Good cocktails. Bathroom art. Yay! 
But... the plates didn't live up to expectation. Food was very hit or miss.  I imagine mastering street food from all across the world would be difficult enough, but on top of that,  it seems like they wanted to reinvent every item on the menu. Nothing was done the way you'd expect. Sometimes the reinvention worked, sometimes it didn't. Generally, they were good at cooking meat and pretty terrible at vegetables. 
Cocktails: Sucker punch was delicious. Not too sweet. Delicate flavors. 
Greens: Mexican salad = flavorless coleslaw. Green papaya salad had no tang, no life, like almost shouldn't-have-been-served lifeless.
Meat: Mofongo had full comfort flavors. Yummy.Bootys is the total package. From the atmosphere and cocktails to the all of the delicious delicacies from around the world!! We will be back! And did I mention their awesome cocktails! Amazing.This place is awesome! Our server was super sweet and helpful with recommendations and the food was spectacular. Oh and they have bottomless. Stumptown. Coffee. Will definitely be back next time we're in town!What this restaurant is is  what we all wished a restaurant to be ..great food, I imagine home made totally, an unpretentious but modern and new menu of fusion food with the most trendy etnias of New Orleans, priced correctly and service that is caring and if Valentina is there it will add sweetness to the experience. ...we keep coming back and are not tired ....far fromCreativity is worthless without solid execution. I'm a local and I eat out 2-4 times per week. We'd been wanting to try this place for months and we chose today (my partner's birthday) to do it. 
We walked in, sat down, ordered 3 dishes, a latte, and a cocktail. The latte came first - it was room temperature so we asked the server to warm it up. Woo thanks, fine, not a problem.  Cocktail came, tastes great. 
Then the pakoras came -- I've never tasted a pakora so dry and dense. They're supposed to be light and airy, flash fried. Ok - that's not a problem because we had two more dishes. I brushed it off.
Ten minutes later the mofungo came. They get a star for a decent dish and great plating but I still wouldn't call it good. The pork inside the yuca was very dry, though the aioli was tasty. The place wasn't busy so it can't have been that. 
These dishes are small so they only take a minute or two to eat --- well 45 minutes later our other dish (Belgian fries) never showed up, plus our server disappeared and forgot we existed. We fully planned to try 3-4 more dishes and enjoy a few more cocktails, but we gave up and asked another server for our check. Of course the fries were on it. 
The plus? This other server was VERY sweet and comped us for the Belgian fries we didn't receive with a to-go cocktail. All in all, the food was ok, but by no means great... At least the 2 dishes we actually got. The service was abhorrent, albeit the sweet server at the end saved us from leaving hungry AND angry. We left and went to Mimi's, another tapas bar down the street. I might try it again for lunch one day, because it DOES have potential... But in the meantime I'm happy to give better restaurant recommendations to anyone looking at this place as a potential eating spot.I am from Australia - and anyone who has visited here will know we are serious about our coffee.  So, for me, one test of a good eatery is it's latte.  Booty's passes that test with flying colours!  Best coffee I had in the USA.  
So good in fact that we decided to go back and see what else was on offer.  Very glad we did.  The food is fantastic - interesting, varied and well presented.  The drinks are unusual and fabulous (try the tamarind one). The place itself is stylish.  The staff are outstanding. (We were visitors in the city and they went out of their way to give us good local information that really made a difference to our stay.) 
This place was a NOLA highlight for us.  Plus its in the Bywater neighbourhood - which is a worth a visit.Great variety of street food. They make excellent homemade hot sauce for the fish tacos!The decor is awesome and Booty's. The food presentation is good. I like the Fish and Chips! It is Northeastern Style and hard to find in NOLA. I have had all menu items and think all are good-great. It is a laid back environment so don't expect over the top service. It is a cool neighborhood joint with no pretense.interesting cocktails + extensive appetizer menu = a place to come back to
My drink was a Black Phate which was good but strong and syrupy.  I will try something else next time.  I am excited to try some of the veggie apps next time too.  Looked like there were 3 vegetarian ones...
To be continued....I wanted to like this place because of the hype, but I just didn't.  With all the other delicious places to eat in the city why bother. 
The good:
1) great atmosphere
2) fun logo! A unicorn and crossbones!  Wheeeeeee!
3) 2 stars for being edible.  (3 if it were delicious but it just was not!)
Here's the bad:
1) or food came out at different times.  The waiter said this would happen because it's "street food" so it will come out as its ready.  So I ended up getting all my food first and ate it and then my fiancé got all his food after he watched me eat mine.  I guess we are "supposed to share" but he has allergies so he couldn't eat what I had.  To me that seems like an excuse for the kitchen just doesn't know how or want to time stuff.
2) I wanted a coffee after we ordered but the waiter never came back until the food was there like 20 minutes later.  I ordered it but ended up actually receiving my coffee at the end after we had finished eating for 10 minutes and were ready to go.  The service here is bad.  Maybe hipsters like rude inattentive waiters?  
3)  really overpriced.  
With so many other places to go we won't be eating here again.Amazing. Creative. Fresh. Delicious. Flavorful. Wow!  My favorite of all the places we ate in NOLA during our one week visit.One of my favorite new places in New Orleans. I've had the empanada, tacos, dumplings, bahn mi, papadum and arancini and all of it was fantastic (EXCEPT for the tacos which were all pretty bland). The only drink I had was the boom boom and it wasn't that exciting; I probably won't have it again. The restaurant is a little pricey and I didn't leave with a full belly but it was still delicious and I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!Why is it only 3 1/2 stars?! I love it here! The decor is inviting and bright. There is a community table in the center of the restaurant, which I actually like. When I came, the restaurant was full so my bf and I sat at the bar where the bartender recommended the Bloody Maria when initially we ordered a Bloody Mary. Great recommendation. Nothing like a little buzz at 2:30 PM. The staff was friendly and atmosphere was lively. I ordered the KimChi Jeong and my bf ordered the Ramen. When the food came out the order was incorrect but they apologized and gave us the extra dish for free. It was a Banh Mi and very delicious btw. Glad they messed up that order. We only ordered two entrees but finished all 3 #fatties.
Reading my review you'll see that we ended up getting everything Asian on the menu. Totally didn't mean to do that. Love the idea of a restaurant based on street foods from various countries.
Bottom line, I love this place. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. Highly recommended!Such a cool space, love that they are so environmentally friendly. We came here after exploring the area and it seemed like a cool spot for a brunch cocktail. The service was great, and the bartender was super helpful with tips about New Orleans. Haven't tried the food yet, but we may just have to stop back next time we're in town. The brunch food sounded delicious and was reasonably priced. They have an around the world theme, which is really cool. Beautiful decorated as well.
Update: came back for a chicken salad here a few days later than I still daydream about.. On my list of must-sees when I am back in New Orleans!Food was amazing (each dish was better than the one before it).  Free daiquiri was amazing- make sure you check in to get one!  This place is really comfortable and cool on the inside.  Our waiter was friendly and helpful, especially when we told him that it was our first time there.  The only downside was that the service got very slow once business picked up.  It took quite a while to get our check, even though there were people waiting for a table.  That being said, I will definitely go back to try the rest of the menu!I just got back from Jazzfest and we were able to make it to Booty's one night. Seriously. One of the best meals I've had in ages. The mofongo and ceviche were amazing. Siesta Fiesta was the perfect refresher after a day out at the fest.Ten people in the place for Sunday brunch and it took 10-15 minutes to get coffee. Then they forgot my drink, took another 10 minutes. one server and one other guy sitting at the bar eating and occasionally getting up to wait on the 2 people sitting at the bar, maybe a manager...? Coffee is good, as are the cocktails, but the food took a while and then had a piece of broken glass in my banh mi. Food was ok and server was friendly, but overall not too great a showing.Unfortunately, this place has really good food. 
I say unfortunately because the food makes you want to come back, but the slow terrible service makes you want to rip your hair out.
First off, no one seats you or even talks to you when you walk in, so after awkwardly standing at the door for a few minutes we make our way to the bar. No luck there getting anyone's attention about maybe getting our name on a wait list. A table near us leaves so we decide to sit down since there doesn't seem to be anyone waiting for it. After seating there for a good 20 minutes, a waitress comes around and tells us there MIGHT BE a two hour wait, but she needs to go check. 20 minutes later she comes back to give us menus. We're ready to order, but she leaves...for another 20 minutes. I could go on and on, but you get the picture. Don't eat here unless you have the whole day to do so. 
Also I feel like I should mention that I've been three times now and have had the same experience each time. I tried to give them a second (and third) chance, but I'm always disappointed. And It drives me crazy because it has a good concept, but street food is supposed to be good and FAST.The food was delicious. Had the breakfast burrito and Amsterdam fries. The coffee was also tasty and strong. The service was a little slow for so few people in the restaurantBootys is one of the most spectacular restaurant/bars I've been to in NOLA. I've never tried anything on the menu I didn't like. The staff is unbelievably friendly and always so pleasant. The cocktails are incredible...you haven't lived until you've had a Bywater Bomber. This place is absolutely magical. Skull and crossbones logo? Nah, try unicorn & crossbones. Monthly art installations in the bathrooms? Yes, please!We only had two nights in NOLA and went to Booty's both nights. Yup it's that good! Amazing flavors, atmosphere, drinks, and service.