Dominique Macquet really put together a great concept here and is executing it to perfection. My table split 3 appetizers (burrata, beef tartare, and prosciutto flatbread), and 5 entrees (rotisserie duck x2, rotisserie pheasant, rotisserie lamb, and soft shell crab). Everything was amazing. The rotisserie dishes were richly flavored and succulent. They were served with a gratin dauphinois that was soft and comforting, and a small green salad lightly dressed to bring some brightness and acidity. The soft shell crab was crispy and perfect. The appetizers were elegant and carefully curated. Service was impeccable and the sommelier, Bruno, recommended 2 bottles for the table, both from Bordeaux (per our request) that were both reasonably priced and perfectly paired to our dishes. We didn't opt for dessert because of a time-sensitive commitment, but we will be back. It was amazing, and Chef Dominique and Jon, the owner, both came out to speak with us twice. Great atmosphere, incredible food, wonderful wine and cocktails. Couldn't have asked for a better experience. Add this one to your New Orleans rising stars list.An incredible dining experience from the food to the atmosphere. Trey was an extremely knowledgeable waiter who was enjoyable to interact with, and his recommendations of the chicken and the grouper did not disappoint. Will definitely be going back!Shrimp and grits for brunch was amazing. My wife liked the veggie quiche. Bottomless Bloody Mary as well. Great location in the heart of the magazine districtThis was our first visit to Bordeaux and definitely not our last. It's true authentic French cuisine! We had reservations and were a little early and were seated immediately in the patio area which is amazing.
We had the signature drink and flatbread appetizer and both were to die for. We ordered the angus steak and naked rotisserie chicken entrees. The entrees both came with a side and petit salad. For dessert we had the pineapple and mango crumble which was the best!  We both Loved it and highly recommend Bordeaux!I went with my Fiancé and we had an excellent time. The food was great, and so was the atmosphere. Corey, a New Orleanian, was our waiter and he added to the fun of the evening. I want to go back.This place is amazing! New Restaurant with a great location off of Magazine Street with incredible food. I suggest the beef tartare to start. We even spoke to the head chef Dominique and it was amazing to see how passionate he is for food. The cocktails incredible and they have an in house sommelier to help you with wine pairings. Definitely check out while you are in New Orleans.Wow...where do I start? The best new restaurant Ive  been to recently. The ambiance of sitting outdoors, the service and of course the food. Bruno, the sommelier was very friendly and knowledgeable. We sampled most of the menu and were blown away by everything. The soft shell crab was the best I've ever had. The pheasant and lamb were insanely good. The classic new orleans cocktails were on point. My girlfriend and sister both loved the frozen roses. The creme brulee was off the charts. I will definitely be frequenting this gemFor just opening up during Mardi Gras of all times,  they did an outstanding job! Food was so delicious. From their limited menu to their to-go stuff, nothing tasted bad. I live in the area so I visited multiple times, it was just that great! Plus, what a way to watch the parades right?! Clean bathrooms,  great drinks and food. Beef tartare, French king cake, venison, chicken flat bread...I can't name a bad meal I had there. I can't wait until their full menu next wk!!!The dinner I had at Bordeaux last weekend was fantastic. They were only open for a couple of days and there was a parade at the time we arrived so they were serving a limited menu but nothing disappointed. We started with a Prosciutto flatbread which smelled amazing the second it hit the table and tasted just as good. I had the grilled venison flank steak and my husband had the red fish, both of our plates were cleared. We almost skipped dessert but I am so glad we didn't because the French king cake was absolutely amazing. We will definitely be going back. The atmosphere was great as well.We have had dinner and brunch here and everything has been excellent.  The service and atmosphere are great. Don't skip dessert as both we had were amazing.I was wandering on this section of Magazine yesterday during the parades. I was surprised to see this new spot. So this is a drinks only, during parades review.
The entrance to the courtyard is actually on Bordeaux not Magazine so that was first tricky bit, but there were 80 bajillion chairs and people meandering around during the parade. There was a guy selling drink (small $5 and large $8) tickets and a limited drink menu... There were separate tickets for food and about 5 items on it. So I got my large drink ticket from him, ducked into the very clean, brand new restroom, took care of business and headed to the bar. The bartender was friendly and handled my mimosa easily. And even put it in my tervis for me... although he did question me about giving it to a child. Don't judge me on my need of a sippy cup at a parade. That's how you don't spill your drink!
I was surprised to see a longer menu posted in the photos. So maybe there is indoor dining? In the little building adjacent to the courtyard? I was so confused. Maybe the dining room entrance is on Magazine but was closed because of all the people? 
Opening the Friday of parades is a crazy move! I'm not sure what the place will be like once we're back to normality. It's an interesting addition to an area with a bunch of bars/restaurants but nothing quite like this.Great Omelettes. Incredible location. Such a good vibe. There's a great bus boy who takes the slack of   other workers. Moreover, the bottomless mimosas is a lie. We asked many times when it ends and they said 3:30. But at 2:45 they said they ran out of champagne even though other tables were given mimosas. It's just uncomfortable and bad service. We waited 25 minutes when we first sat down to even get a waiter. The lovely hostess finally took our drink orders. 
In summary, it's a great location with fun jazz music, I just hope that customer service is emphasized a little more.Had brunch on the patio at Bordeaux. Food was excellent and patio was cool with all the fans in the middle of summer. Excellent service and great atmosphere. Would highly recommend!The seating is mostly outdoors with some seating inside that they don't seem to want you to use for some reason.  The menu at lunch is pretty simple and my server didn't understand the confusing rotisserie shared plate options so I never got an understanding of what was going on with that.  I had the lamb french dip sandwich which was ok taste wise but for the price it was on the small size especially considering it didn't even come with any sides so not a great value.  The dinner menu looks more interesting so maybe that will be worth a try at some point.Great food friendly staff.  Bruno did a great job suggesting wine to us. They have a great selection considering how new they are.  Its become a favorite of mineWow. Went to this restaurant tonight with my spouse. We had the shrimp appetizer and prosciuto appetizers. Loved both. The shrimp was cooked in an remouilade sauce that was fantastic. The prosciutto flat bread with artisanal cheese and flatbread was excellent. For the main course we split the red snapper which was plenty for the two of us. The restraurant has a great wine list, we had a Sauvignon Blanc that paired well with the fish. Dessert was a creme brûlée that was also great. Service was excellent. This restraurant is a little far out of the French quarter, but well worth the cost of getting there. It is a small restaurant, but that only means you need to reserve in advance.Disappointing! Were  initially offered a seat in the indoor portion of the restaurant. When we walked in we  all noticed a strong  unpleasant order and did not think we could stand to eat an indoor table so we asked for an outdoor table and were accommodated  quickly. (The hostess was very nice and helpful). Unfortunately, the food was not worth it.   Bread tasted stale. Butter was cold and unsalted.  Ceviche  was mostly onions and tasted a little funky. Baked oysters were almost all breadcrumbs. Then all three entrées were disappointing. Steak was tough, pheasant and duck were bland.  Only bright spot was nice choices for wines by the glass at reasonable prices.  Maybe in the middle of nowhere suburbia this restaurant would fly but with so many better options in New Orleans, I can't imagine recommending it.French dip sandwich was really good- I had a bite of my wife's cheeseburger and it was good as well. Also had the Bellini for alcoholic beverage and it was refreshing. Didn't get 5 stars because the water served was luke warmPretty good rotisserie and unique choices.  We all shared the duck, chicken, and pheasant.  The duck was definitely the best.  I do wish they would have other options on sides.  The pate and oysters were good appetizers.  The atmosphere can't be beat.  They have lots of Bordeaux as you might expect, but our wine was served way too warm.I'm not sure where to start... this place is phenomenal! The food is delicious and was cooked perfectly. I had the yellowtail snapper and it was some of the best fish I've had. We also ordered several appetizers (octopus ceviche and beef tartar) and they blew us away as well.  Not to mentioned the mixed drinks and wine that were all so good. 
The staff were all very knowledgeable when we asked questions and for recommendations. Aside from the food, the best part about this restaurant is the atmosphere. The patio is great and roomy and the overall vibe is Definitely something to check out. Highly recommend!Wow, just opened and it got cooler to have drinks outside 9/14 for one of the 40 days in a year and these people shuffled a group of 8 of us out like it was on fire.Had Mother's Day there 10:30 Reservation.
16-people in attendance.
We ordered from the Brunch Menu / it was terrific.
My dish was a Spinach omelet with ham, swiss, onion with side of grits ( everything came out hot & was delicious) note: the grits were awesome.
Plus unlimited Mimosa's / the waitress was terrific & we never ran out.
The place was awesome, we are on a huge porch over-looking Magazine St. plus listen to a 3-piece jazz band that set a beautiful atmosphere.
Highly recommended / we will definitely come back.
Prices---very reasonableGrab the steak wait for the service. They did not disappoint. Ruth Chris, Flemings, other great steak houses, come to Bordo and experience the differenceI been to New Orleans many times and first time coming here for brunch and love it. Service is great! They have bunch of fans so it feels cosy and cool. Def coming back. The view is great and everyone was soooo niceTerrible experience. Customers dressed like they were going to *mart. Food mediocre. Would not recommend.The food is always good here but oh my gosh, Sunday the service was TERRIBLE. 
Couldn't get drinks at the same time, food came out at different times, the fries came out literally 15min after the burger did...I had one froze and they tried to charge me for the $19 bottomless drinks.. it was honestly just a shit show. Another table near us had to demand their check just to leave cause their order came out completely wrongFood is very good. Enjoyed the duck, whole fish and lamb. Most seating is outside. It's a bit hot here in the summer to eat outside.Great food and drinks. Staff was extremely friendly. The Foie Gras was excellent and well balanced. My wife's oysters were excellent, and the duck main dish was really well done. We really enjoyed the outdoor seating and it was an all around great experience.We had brunch: The food was pretty good, potatoes were not that good.  It was a bit chilly out on the covered porch. There was only one infrared heater on, despite having 3 more and a gas heater. I asked for them to be turned on because I was freezing. They tried to get the gas heater on, but pulled open the plastic back so it got even colder. No effort was made or no one else really cared. The waitress had more interest in talking to her coworker (also cold and wearing a sweatshirt).  I might come back as long as it was warmer.This spring in New Orleans has been fantastic for outdoor dining.  So when Bordeaux opened, we were excited to try it.  They have a fantastic outdoor seating area in a decent area to people watch.  The weather was perfect.  Our server Larry was an extremely nice and attentive.  From an atmosphere and service perspective, we loved it.  
So now to talk about the food.  I had the lamb shoulder.  I like lamb shoulder.  It tends to have a decent marbling and I like lamb in general.  The cut of meat was decent but the sauce was really dull.  It's hard to describe the sauce because of the absence of flavor I associate with it.  I did not think it was bad, but it was just this bland yellowish sauce.  Very little flavor.  
On the other side of the table, Shari V had the red snapper.   It was a pretty piece of fish but same problem...no flavor.  She actually salted the fish and then took some of her water lemon wedges and squeezed them onto the snapper.  This was a desperate move.  
In short, 2 stars for the food.  They seem to have decent quality ingredients.  Unfortunately, the dishes did not come together for us.  I doubt we will repeat.Francis and Denton were so wonderful!! Please give them a raise. They provided my party with the best customer service and made us feel so taken care of at Bordeaux. I would definitely return, delicious food and great company!!We had a lovely meal here. Wine was great, service was spectacular.  We met the owner John, and his staff was nice enough to give us a complimentary drink to end our night.  If you have the opportunity to sit outside, please do so. Great view of magazine and very relaxing. 
We're already scheduling to come back on Sunday for their jazz brunch.Not the best weather to sit outside and have a good meal.  The food was ok. Fancy portions. No birthday special or anything for my birthday, waiter could have cared lessBeef tartare and the steak frites were standouts, but everything was great and the ambiance is lovely.Was having a cute casual lunch with my sister and now I'm a fan . Good price and good foodThis review is for brunch only.  
I was very excited to learn that Bordeaux takes reservations for brunch.  I was also excited to learn that Bordeaux offered a choice of bottomless mimosas, bellinis, or bloody marys for $15.  There was a live jazz trio playing.  I arrived at my reservation time and was seated promptly and cheerfully with menus.  
It took a painfully long time for anyone to even acknowledge us after we were seated.  Many servers were walking around, but it was impossible to know who was assigned to our table.  By the time our server arrived with water, I was ready to forgive, if I could just have a bellini.  He took our drink orders (although we had looked at the menu quite long enough and were ready to order food also): one bellini, one mimosa, bottomless.  Over ten minutes elapsed after we placed our drink order.  After numerous pointed looks his direction, he came over and said he was going to check on the drinks and did we want to order food? 
By the time we received our first drink, we had been seated for well over 20 minutes.  Our food arrived almost immediately after we received our first drink. Feeling a little desperate, I flagged down and asked a different server to put in another drink order, not knowing if a mimosa and bellini would again take nearly 15 minutes to arrive.  It was at that time I learned there were actually two options for bellinis - peach or strawberry.  This information was not on the menu nor provided when I ordered my first bellini.  The second round of drinks arrived a reasonable few minutes later.
The food was all delicious, and apart from being very light on the bubbles, the drinks were also good.  The omelette was fluffy and perfect, and the croissant was amazing.  The potatoes (little squares) might have been the frozen kind, which did not bother me at all, unlike the slightly undercooked bacon, which did bother me a little bit, but it was thick and had a good flavor.  The kitchen was running smoothly and efficiently, that much was clear.  However during the time I was there, I observed food repeatedly coming out and servers not knowing which table it belonged to.  Additionally, a side of bacon was plopped on our table after we were finished eating. It belonged to the table next to us.  
It took a long time also to pay the check and leave, but the long delay allowed time to order another drink when the server finally came back to run the credit card. Overall a welcome addition to this stretch of Magazine Street.We were given a gift certificate to Bordeaux.  With all the restaurants in New Orleans, we'd never heard of it.  So glad we did because our meal was the best we've ever had in the 23 years of living in Nola.  From cocktails to appetizers to entree, everything was unique and full of flavors.  Staff was attentive.  They have a small bar outside with multiple fans, and several outdoor covered seats.  Inside is small, but quaint.  We can't wait to go back!Very delicious brunch. Smaller menu but everything we ordered was great. I had the croque madame and my boyfriend had the cheeseburger & fries. Mine was smaller, but VERY filling and delicious. Hamburger was awesome, quality ingredients. Really nice environment, it was hot outside but sitting under the fans made it quite nice. A trio of musicians showed up as we were gonna eating and added to the overall experience. Also, can you say bottomless mimosas! A great deal! Would recommend again!This is my new favorite brunch location. The food was absolutely delicious. And the bottomless mimosas are really bottomless. They fill up your drink before you finish it. It's a small spot and outside but they keep it pretty cool with the fans. And I love the live jazz band.Our daughter made the reservation for us saying surely they don't expect you to eat outside in the winter. Oh but they do, it was 59 degrees when we arrived so we asked to be seated in a warm spot. They gave us one of only 2 indoor tables but the doors were left wide open and absolutely no heat inside. The outside patio does have heaters, our waitress tried plugging in a space heater near our table but heater would not work! If food had been great, might have been worth freezing but my husband had pheasant that was dry and tasteless. I had lamb that tasted like chewy canned roast beef. Very disappointing meal.I make a wonderful biscuit, but I'm telling you the Pork Benedict and the biscuit were TOP NOTCH.  The Croque was very good as well. The Decor is just what we were hoping for.  The staff was really friendly and offered suggestions when we asked.   We will return for an evening meal when in town.I went to Bordeaux for Sunday brunch with a friend. We sat on their screened in patio and it was quite lovely. The menu serves standard brunch fare. We ordered Bloody Mary's and they were decent, but not amazing. I ordered the croque madame and it was quite good. My friend ordered the eggs benedict and he quite enjoyed them. Service was a bit slow and we had to wait awhile to get our menu. It was definitely a popular brunch spot and there were a good amount of people there on a Sunday before a Saints game. Overall, my time at Bordeaux was decent but not too memorable.Fantastic end to Art for Arts Sake at Bordeaux! While waiting on our table, we enjoyed two well crafted cocktails: the Sacre Bleu & a rum Old Fashioned. Staff was attentive and knowledgeable. Loved sitting outside on Magazine St nibbling on burrata + heirloom tomatoes & steak frites! Dinner is on the pricier side, but word around the campfire is that brunch is a bit easier to work into the ole budget. Defiantly add Bordeaux to your dining list in Nola!I love this restaurant! The service (Sarah - the manager and Jeremiah our server) was fantastic! We had bottomless bellinis and two burgers (phenomenal), the French dip (with rotisserie lamb) and crouqe madame with mushrooms and egg was out of this world! So decedent! 
I cannot recommend this place enough!We dined at Bordeaux tonight and enjoyed first rate meal, with great service, and a non rushed dining experience. The beat salad, angus steak, and frites along with pheasant for my wife were wonderful as was the chocolate molten cake, and creme brûlée. We will be making this a regular restaurant for our dining.
The restaurant business is a tough one to be in and it appears that they have worked out the kinks that some of the other reviewers have noted. We hope that Bordeaux will be a fixture in Magazine Street for many years to come.This was a really great spot for dinner. The entrees  were pricey but came with a lot of food and were worth the price. While the appetizer we ordered was really great it was really small for the price and was more meant as a personal appetizer and not great for sharing. The restaurant had an interesting set up and was mostly outside which is something to keep in mind. I don't know if I would want to come here on the hottest days. There is some indoor seating but most of it is outside. It is covered so rain wouldn't affect your dining but on a really hot and humid day it wouldn't be my first choice. 
What we ordered:
1. Prosciutto flatbread: this was incredibly tasty and had everything I loved but the size was definitely too small especially for the price  
2.  Naked truth organic chicken: this was from their rotisserie menu and was delicious. It came with this delicious sauce on it and side of gratin dauphinious and a salad. This gratin was cheesey sliced potatoes and delicious. This entree was priced at $24 and was definitely worth it. 
3. Rib eye: this came with an incredible red wine sauce and frites. The sauce was delicious and the meat was cooked really well and a great portion size.
What was disappointing was that the menu online was not the menu that was given to us in the restaurant. When trying a new place I like to see what they have ahead of time and I understand their a specials that can come up but some of the items on their website that should've been standard dinner menu items were not present on the menu in the restaurant. Overall, the food was incredible and the service was great but my recommendation would be to come here when the weather is on the cooler side and to only order entrees.So... let's just say if I die and go to heaven this is truly what is going to be waiting for meBordeaux exceeded my expectations. The location on Magazine was perfect and parking was not a challenge during peak hours on a Friday night. The ambience of the restaurant was delightful. The menu was gleaming in an array of dishes with local farm ingredients. Our waiter filled us with laughs intermittently during our meal and was on top of it. The food was brought out in a timely manner and tasted delicious!!! 
They bring out sliced artisan bread basket with chilled butter as you wait for your first course. We ordered a beet salad, duck pâté, and papaya kaffir shrimp for our first course. Our second was the red snapper, which was perfectly cooked and flavorful. The berry pavlova was for dessert as our third course. I highly suggest trying out this restaurant if you are reading this. I can't wait to return!Food was literally amazing. The civiché is THE BEST ! Wine was exquisite. Get the Bourgais cab sauv, you won't regret it!We are here right now. Have a reservation. They are out of two out of three entrees we ordered and they're out of wine we ordered. Completely ridiculous.  Will never return. Why make a reservation when they have nothing.Service was NOLA slow, but the food was outstanding. Went on a Saturday night. Got there before 7:00 and didn't need a reservation. It started to fill in as we sat. I got the Snapper while one of us got the steak and one of us got the chicken.The snapper was served with couscous and bokchoy with a light cream sauce - absolutely perfect. The potatoes served with the chicken was decadent. We got the creme brûlée for dessert and compared to dinner, it was just OK. Overall pricey, but still 5 stars because the food was so good.Bottomless mimosas and brunch!! I'd highly recommend the Pork Benedict, but honestly the whole menu is delicious!Stopped in for drinks with friends- I personally did not order anything from the menu. Two friends  ordered the ceviche and were not fans. The cocktail menu was small but done right. Something for everyone. I would def recommend this place for an after dinner drink, or chill place to grab cocktails.  Attire appears to me whatever you want. People dressed in slacks, jeans, dresses, or shorts. Whatever you want seems to fly.Terrible food, bad service. With so many great places to go in NOLA don't waste a meal here.(old overdue yelper review...)
Saw the place open up, looked cute, cool, etc...  typical for what you see in the new restaurants that prior to the 'Rona were opening pretty frequently....  Has that clean, tight, modern appearance yet trying to blend in with old school charm.
Drove by it several times, still thinking about going there...  Went to the movies at Prytania theatre (again several months ago) and afterwards my GF and I said lets grab a bite to eat...
On our way home, stopped here.  Sat at a 2-person high top...
Then thang thangs start to go down hill...  The olde fashioned ordered was actually pretty good / the best part...  The rest not so much..
Our waiter messed up the salad orders (wrong salad), the food / entree was just meh...  I had the rib eye or steak whatever it was, and it was mostly gristle...  and the price tag was really high...  I remember the sides being pretty bland too.
overall a C- dining experience.
I typically will give a place a second chance, maybe this was a bad, isolated experiences...  restaurants, cooks, chefs, servers, bartenders, can have bad nights I get that...  but with the bouillabaisse of other viable dining options in N.O. it won't be anytime soon that i give this place another ride.
(did i mention overpriced?...)Finally made it to Bordeaux for our Anniversary! 
It was very crowded inside so we opted to sit outside . It was a bit cold outside but they turned on the heater which was nice. We were greeted promptly. We actually had a nice conversation with the hostess ( she may be the owner) . She congratulated us on our anniversary and suggested we order champagne and said that she would notify the kitchen that it was our anniversary. Maybe they were gonna send a cute dessert out for us but we didn't see anything come out other than our ordered food. The food was just ok , not bad but not the best for the price in my opinion. We both agreed that it was pretty pricey but it's not a problem if it tastes fantastic. So I was a bit disappointed  since we chose it for our celebration. Our  server was very helpful and attentive.This place is AMAZING!! Jeremiah was an awesome server and our burgers were delicious! Love this place and will definitely be back.This is one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants. It has been a great place during Mardi Gras, a great place to celebrate my birthday, a great place for my son (children cooking classes), a great place for date night and for a night cap and desert. The food is so good I have a hard time figuring out what to order. And the service has been top notch every time. But today things were different. 
I haven't been in since the manager left, but I didn't think things would have changed so much. My partner and I stopped in for brunch. It wasn't that busy but it seemed like we were waiting on an understaffed and uncaring crew. Outside of ordering food the only other interaction was when we got our check. Our food was boring, bland, and not the creative flavor that I am used to. I brought it up with the "consultant", who lacked professional appearance and demeanor, and I was given excuses. Then I spoke with one of the owners, who was even less professional in appearance and demeanor, and gave me even more excuses.
I'm not sure what's going on at Bordeaux, or if it's just a brunch problem, but I sure hope they figure it out. I like Bordeaux and I want to keep liking them.Tonight, I enjoyed the best beef tartare in the city while watching a parade and I did all of this from the comfort of a spectacular patio. Everything we ate was delicious. The venison was perfectly cooked. I mean perfectly. It may be a new restaurant but this chef knows his stuff. In a city of great food, this place has to be considered among the top and it was all for a very reasonable priceI rarely write reviews, however when something is incredibly awesome or absolutely vile I will will take the time to give my opinion. We had dinner tonight at Bordeaux. They have a new head chef as of 3 weeks ago (Martin) and I want to tell you it was absolutely awesome!! The crafted ccocktails, the escargot and bone marrow appetizer, duck and pig entrees are just too much for words. I wanted dessert badly but way too full! Next time for sure!If you're looking for that delicious chocolate cake you got it here! We came 2 days in a row! Day 1 we had desserts and came back day 2 for dinner AND more desserts! Wonderful service and the food was great! Definitely coming back.This was a true disappointment. During peak hours after placing an order, the waiter came back and reported saying almost all of the main dishes were unavailable. To which they were kind enough to give us a free dessert for this inconvenience. However with limited dishes available appetizers or an over-priced steak were the options. The beef tartar was underwhelming and the ceviche was extremely sour  giving no taste to snapper or octopus. The over-priced steak was so tough, it took almost five minutes to swallow a small piece. The restaurant has a pretty exterior and the service was fine. But the food overall was very underwhelming, way over-priced, and a major disappointment. I will not be attending this restaurant again.My husband and I live in the neighborhood and we walk past this place several times a week when we're strolling our 6 month old. Yesterday we had a somewhat stressful day and hadn't had dinner so when we were out on our evening stroll we decided to pop in with our baby since they didn't look too crowded and we never know how long our kiddo will be a good sport about outings. The staff was SO accommodating and kind to us - even helping us tuck our rather large, annoying stroller in the corner. Sometimes I feel like other nicer restaurants would rather you not tote your infant to their establishments but everyone at Bordeaux were very welcoming to us and our baby. They brought out a highchair quickly (and I just want to add that it was a nicer highchair than the regular wooden ones that make you nervous about younger, more wobbly babies) and the manager came right over to welcome us and meet our baby. Unfortunately we didn't catch her name but she had blonde hair and came over several times throughout our meal to chat with us. She was so kind! It was such a relaxing experience and it was nice being outdoors. Our server was very kind and attentive. He was wonderful. The wine is well-priced and I enjoyed it and my husband enjoyed the 2 cocktails he ordered. We weren't terribly hungry so we split an appetizer and then an entree. We got the beef tartare (delicious!) and we split the tri-tip and it was a perfect amount of food for the two of us and it was perfectly cooked and the chimichurri was delicious. We ended up sitting and ordering another round of cocktails instead of dessert (because we found it so relaxing we did not want to leave) and we will definitely be returning! I hope this place stays in our neighborhood a long time because we'd love to be regulars - even if it's just for quick glasses of wine!Had the most amazing dinner here ambience was cozy and intimate. Every single thing from the specialty drinks (I had a sucre blue) to the 4 course meal was out of this world. Perfection. The French onion soup is the best French onion soup I have ever had. There is nothing mediocre  or mundane about Bordeaux. From the staff to the food everything..... c'est magnifique!Wow.  "Is anyone serving us?  "Not me".  Mic drop.  Thumbs down from a neighbor.
I guess I have to write more. 
Worse local service ever.LOVE. That's all I have to say. Food, drinks, AMBIANCE, and service. Though our server was a little overwhelmed - the restaurant is only a couple weeks old though, so you gotta cut 'em some slack there - he had a fun, upbeat attitude and kept the mood light (even when our drinks took a little too long). We shared the duck pate, beef tartare, proscuitto flatbread (least impressive of them all, but still not bad), and tomato burrata salad to start. ALL DELICIOUS. My filet of red snapper over couscous and green was the best fish dish I have gotten at a restaurant in recent memory. Flavored and grilled to juicy, crispy, salty yet sweet perfection. GO HERE!!!5 stars for ambiance, 4 stars for service, and probably 3 stars for food... I keep trying to give this place the benefit of the doubt, bc they're still relatively new and the servers are so kind, but the food truly is somewhat lacking. The shrimp that came out on the grilled shrimp salad were cold and almost dry, and the burrata did not taste fresh. The fries also weren't to die for. Overall, beautiful space on Magazine with nice service, but I wouldn't expect a five-star meal.