Very good lunch!  When recommended as I stayed in hotel, my first thought was, "not a hotel restaurant, please".  When I walk in and saw a John Besh cookbook sitting there I immediately had hope.  My hope was rewarded!  Duck Poppers are a must.  Also had the goat cheese appetizer which was, if a goat cheese fan, very good.  Lunch of the day was fried chicken with southern greens and mashed potatoes...yum!Was in News Orleans at a conference in the hotel this is located in and thought we would give it a try. Food was freshly made, atmosphere was nice but table area a bit crowded. We had people from the bar standing over our table while we ate. Once they were seated we were able to enjoy our meals. Oysters very good, pork empanadas great and the chicken was very good. Steak seasoned perfect. Would try again if ever back in New Orleans.Very nice New Orleans-style dinner with my friends. Located on the ground floor of our hotel, the food and service here were surprising good.
The raw oysters were very fresh and the fish baked in paper was phenomenal, I highly recommend it. Just try and control yourself with the generous hot bread in a bag that they bring you - it's addictive.
This is a great option for those staying in the hotel and don't feel like messing with a crown on The French Quarter.Borgne pronounced Born was excellent! The service was on point and the food was mouth watering. I got the duck poppers as an appetizer, there are no words to describe this dish other then I dream about it often. For my entree I got the fish in a bag which was really good. It is heavy on the fennel so if your not a fan then that dish will not be for you. Over all I say stop by you can't miss.Amazing food! Fish in the bag, seafood stuffed trout; both amazing. 3 time coming and have not been disappointed yet!!! Will return next time I'm in the area!Amazing food in a very cool setting. Our server was very informative and easy to talk to. He brought the manager over to meet us. My angel pasta with clams and shrimp was perfectly seasoned. The "puddin'" ties with a dessert at Bouchon in Napa for best dessert ever!Crab bisque is amazing!  Fish in a bag was great!  Strawberry crumble was heaven!  Service was slow, but good food.I'm a John Besh fan but this is probably my least favorite of his endeavors. They have excellent beer-battered onion rings (so fat and crispy!). But they removed one of the few non-meat/non-fish dishes from the menu -- the egg salad sandwich, which happened to be quite tasty :( The second time I went I had a fried catfish sandwich and it was ok. The break they use for their sandwiches is too thick (this aint Texas). I sampled most of the apps (non-meat ones only) and they were sufficient but nothing spectacular. The ambiance is a little chaotic and noisy and it fills up quick...All this to say it's a pretty decent little restaurant, though not on par with standard Besh fare...Ask for Emmanuel.The duck poppers are great, and the fish is very fresh, but you need to remember 3 words:  chocolate. hazelnut. puddin'. Off the charts good.  Fireworks going off in my brain good.Be sure to check out the lunch special online before you head to Borgne. They have a different lunch special each weekday for $10- which is a lot cheaper than any of the other dishes available at Borgne. I went on a Thursday for the fried chicken special and it did not disappoint. It came with 1 piece of fried chicken, greens, mashed potatoes, and a biscuit. I also ordered a side of the Brussels sprouts. Everything was really good and I especially loved the biscuit.Great location, and great atmosphere! Very contemporary feeling, and great authentic LA Seafood.The food was excellent. We tried many dishes and passed them around to maximize enjoyment. The service was great. Loved the sangria cocktail. Great dishes: fish in a bag, scallops, octopus, ceviche, oysters (amazing), and the desserts were killer good. The peanut butter semifreddo and chocolate hazelnut pudding were the best.Great food and a great atmosphere. A great seafood restaurant. Yet another win for John Besh! Its located inside the HYATT hotel so you can either park on the street or valet. We had the duck andouille gumbo, Roasted broccoli , soft shell crab special and Grilled romaine heart salad and grilled octopus. Everything was delicious.My favorite PoBoy ever. A highlight of any trip to New Orleans, especially for a football game!Yummy, stunning, subtle food.  Excellent, unpretentious and professional service.  I could eat here every day.  I ate here maybe four times when visiting NOLA and every experience was really good, every dish was beyond awesome.  The lunch specials blew me away.  Can I live here?Everything was great from the broiled oysters, to the catfish po-boy, black drum fish, crab and shrimp stuff flounder was marvelous, and the oyster spaghetti was stupendous for out picky eater. She loved it!!Meh.  Hits: grilled octopus gnocchi, shrimp toast.  Miss: roasted fish smothered in pecans & brown butterWas in town looking for a lunch place, decided to come here, and was not disappointed!  The service was awesome, and we loved the atmosphere!  The drinks were also delicious!  We had the following:
Duck Poppers - wrapped with jalapeño and bacon - how can you go wrong with duck, jalapeño and bacon in one dish?  It was delicious!
Mother Shucker Seafood Tower - 12 gulf oysters, 12 premium oysters, 1lb jumbo shrimp, crab ravigote, smoked catfish, royal red shrimp - everyone in this tower was on point!   Everything was fresh and delicious, my most favorite has to be the smoked catfish and the jumbo shrimp
Oyster BLT - oysters with pork belly, Tabasco mayo served on Texas toast - the oysters were perfectly fried, pork belly well seasoned and the toast was perfect toasted!
I would definitely recommend if you are in the area!Things are either really good or really bad if you can't wait to write a Yelp review after visiting. In this case, really good!
Borgne is located in the Hyatt in the CBD. The first thing to know about it is that it's confusing as hell to get to. I didn't know better and parked in a garage adjacent to the hotel. This required us to take an elevator down, walk through the hotel atrium, take two escalators down, and walk all the way around the hotel. 
It was worth it though. We ordered a carafe of winter sangria (brandy and winter spices, mmm) and a dinner of appetizers: duck poppers, turtle soup, slow cooked pork empanadas, and swordfish ceviche. All extremely excellent. Very impressed. 
The restaurant is beautiful, but relaxed too. You feel like you're in a nice place, but it's not stuffy or pretentious. 
There was a weird service moment, though. I'm allergic to shellfish (which sucks big time in NOLA) and forgot to ask about the ingredients in the turtle soup until it had arrived at our table. Our sever checked with the kitchen and sadly it was made with shrimp stock so I could not enjoy it. Bummer, sure, but we were sharing everything so I wasn't upset about it. Then, the waiter proceeded to lecture me about how I should have informed him of my allergy immediately. It was so strange to be scolded by my server while at a nice restaurant. I get it where he's coming from, but the tone was really not necessary since there was no harm done. 
Anyway, it was a great dinner with a couple non-food related hiccups. I'd definitely recommend!Great experience. 
Had several of the appetizers - duck poppers is the best. All excellent. 
Wonderful oyster stew. 
A lot of food for the medium to high price entrees. 
Pompano is superb. Grillades and grits a sleeper - very good. 
No New Orleans restaurant shd serve anything but French Bread. A faux pas!
Setting a bit cold but interesting decor, all very La.
An A- overall. Well worth the Besh name.Reservations were made through Open Table for Saturday night, March 15. We were seated and greeted promptly for drinks. The restaurant is beautiful and very comfortable due to generous spacing of tables. 
The food at Borgne, while good, was not as exciting at the two other Besh restaurants we have visited (August in NOLA and Luke's - San Antonio). The oysters on the half shell were, well, oysters on the half shell. My wife was anticipating the soup of the day,  crab bisque, but it disappointed with lack of flavor. The shrimp in the shrimp remoulade were large and fresh but the flavor of the remoulade was not pleasing to me. 
The beer and cocktail menus were very interesting with something for everyone. The Raising Cane cocktail: canebrake beer and sazerac rye stole the show for the entire evening. 
Lastly, the biggest flaw that night was the service; food seemed to be delivered and dropped off at the table with no follow up by the primary waiter. We experienced the all to often "waitstaff ignoring eye contact" syndrome for drink refills. 
I expect more from a Besh restaurant and hope this was just an anomaly.Red Beans and Rice best in NOLA. Was there for lunch special today and sure enough, they beans and rice were as good as always. Crunchy loaf of bread lightly sweetened with fennel seed a treat as well. 
But Borgne should be downright ashamed to charge $3.25 for a soft drink. And they don't give free refills. That's petty and leaves a bad taste in the mouth of this otherwise very happy diner.Excellent food and service in a laid back setting. Cool bar. We had several apps to note: duck poppers, pork empanadas and the grilled octopus were amazing. Oysters are as good as any you'll have in NOLA. The almond crusted drum fish is amazing. The cauliflower with manchego soup is also great.We booked a dinner for a very LARGE group.  I believe we had around 20 folks on a single reservation.  This review will be geared towards this experience -- your experience with a smaller reservation may vary.
First, the restaurant was very accommodating with the larger reservation.  They gave us a table in the middle with views of the entire restaurant.  The guys loved it because they could see college football on the TV's at the bar and the women loved it because they could gossip about us guys.
The food came out in cycles, as expected with a large group.  The food was good; it was hot -- and the group was pleased.  It's very difficulty to make a large group happy.
So, if you need to book a group, this place can pull it off!
I definitely recommend!We ended up at Borgne on a spontaneous date night. We learned the kid would have a playdate and this was one of the only places with a last minute reservation on a Friday night. I must say I was incredibly impressed. The space was clean and beautiful. The sound management was amazing. I could actually hear my husband during dinner. The cocktails were delicious, we both had margaritas. My husband had the scallops. They were cooked perfect and were delicious. I had the black drum a la pancha. Oh my goodness, it was to die for. I would definitely bring my friends to this place!I travel nearly a 100 nights a year and am a complete foodie.  I truly enjoy coming to NOLA several times of year to indulge in the cuisine.  I really enjoy John Besh (I DVR all his shows on PBS) and was excited to try Borgne.  My companion and I arrived for our 6:30 reservation.  The restaurant was half full.  They sat us next to the exit door of the kitchen.   With all the available seats around... Why?  I asked to be moved which they did with a smile.  The first course was oysters on the half shell.  They were delicious.  We then ordered the smoked pork empanadas and turkey neck.  The empanadas were OK.. The pie crust was very bready and meat on the dry side, but good flavor.  The creole dipping sauce was simply overpowering for the empanadas.  I dipped an empananda in the sauce from the turkey neck and it was a perfect compliment.  The turkey neck itself was quite a flavorful surprise and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered a local craft brew and it was really nice.  When I ordered a second one, it came in a ridiculously heavy goblet that is normally reserved for cheap margaritas in a tex-mex establishment.  I asked why and the server said it just depends on who was pouring behind the bar?  Really?? A pint should be a pint consistently served in this level of restaurant.  The vibe of the place was wrong.. My companion hit it straight on.. This place isn't comfortable.  Plastic chairs, sterile décore.  Nothing that speaks to the food.  We decided to go elsewhere for our entrees simply because we wanted a NOLA feel.  This doesn't make Borgne a bad restaurant, but not what I had hoped for seeing how I respect Besh's approach to food in the many interviews I have seen of him.. We will look forward to trying his other places in town.I've been here twice, once solo and ate at the bar (big screen TVs, perfect for watching sports!) and once with a friend as a going away dinner.  Both experiences were fantastic.
I really like the location because it's away from the French Quarter traffic / parking nightmares.  I would suggest parking in the lot right next to the hotel.  It's pricey but super convenient.  Inside it's very contemporary looking and inviting.  About half of the seating really caters to large parties.  
Appetizer wise I would HIGHLY recommend the duck poppers.  Simple and delicious.  The grilled octopus is masterfully cooked (aka not crazy chewy) but there wasn't any marinade and the hummus was incredibly bland.  
Highly recommend the fish in a bag if you are looking for a seafood option.  
All in all, great place for locals and tourists alike.  Really looking forward to dining there again!OMG!! Duck jalapeño popers wrapped in bacon. I've been eating here all week. I'm  here working and have enjoyed everything.  Can't name a favorite because it's all wonderful! Great atmosphere and nice staff.Surprisingly great!! I ordered the fish in a bag and wow, so good! Lots of flavor and cooked perfectly. Service was great! Don't let the fact that it is in a hotel stop you from trying this place.Chef Brian Landry was so incredibly charming and nice to our table of 8 visiting from Texas for my friends birthday-- let them know well in advance that we were headed there so he came out and explained menu items and suggested pairings... Our server john absolutely rocked and explained everything on the menu without skipping a beat-- try the seafood paella , fish in a bag (so fresh and flavorful) -- lamb is great too-- only thing I wasn't crazy about was the turtle soup (love a great turtle soup-- but this one missed the mark for me personally) might be better next time- this is a must check out restaurant if you're in the area-- amazing bar top top too.Great place for happy hour!!
Try the Rum Punch!
The small plates on the hh menu were incredible!Their canery island ice pick was one of the best drinks I got in NOLA. I love honey rum and mint, they're such a great match. "Fish in a bag" is a funny concept and the food smells fantastic when they cut open the bag. So I'll give it a high rate despite that it doesn't taste that mind-blowing because of the texture of the fish.Came here while visiting New Orleans and just like every other place I went to (I guess I got lucky w/ my dining choices!) it was really good and the server was really nice. I got oyster spaghetti and it didn't disappoint me. Bread was great tooThis restaurant is primarly the bar for the giant Hyatt. If there is a concert or special event scheduled, which is often, prepare to be dissapointed.
    The bar runs lengthwise down the room and when we went it was packed three deep. The bartenders were shoving drinks out as fast they could to people trying to get drunk before the show. The noise level was unbelievable. The waiters were frazzled. We had to move tables just so we could hear each other shouting. 
    The food ingredients were excellent but poorly prepared. Over breaded, drowned in butter, fried, greasy, over cooked lacking in flavor. 
    Borne features popular happy hour drink specials. Borne is more of a bar than a fine restaurant. With so many great restaurants in New Orleans. This one is a pass.Been here quite a few times and always had a great experience. My favorite is their hanger steak. The potato croquetas were so simple yet delicious. The salsa verde on top of the steak really highlighted the dish. Another favorite is the fish in the bag - Mahi mahi over fennel, caramelized onions, spinach. Enclosed in a bag which your server cuts open for you. Not that heavy of dish and more lighter.Food was superbly prepared. Good portions and well-presented. Asked for a larger table (4-tops kinda small) and were easily accommodated. Server answered questions readily and knowledgeably but offered no information without being asked (daily catch). Biggest complaint is the cafeteria-like feel of the dining room. No intimacy or interest. If the food wasn't so good I would never consider returning based solely on ambience.Service was great and I loved the layout, had a neat bar.  Everyone enjoyed their food, only reason I give it 3 stars is not sure it was worth the high prices.  Not really anything that stood out.  We didn't have a bad meal the entire trip in New Orleans, but this ended up being the most expensive and when talking about favorite foods on the trip, no one mentioned anything from Borgne.I am a big fan of John Besh and during a recent visit to NOLA looked forward to visiting Borgne, especially as I am also a big fan of gulf seafood. I must add that I have reservations about any restaurant that is located in a big chain hotel, often the management has difficulty in getting regular feedback on the food and service due to the every changing client base moving thru the hotel as opposed to regular, local clients. This seemed born out by my recent visit. For the record, we ate here on a saturday night at 8 pm and although busy, it was not slammed with people.
First, its a noisy place, very noisy with terrible acoustics, in our group of 6 there was a lot of required shouting involved in any conversation. The wait staff seemed quite indifferent, did not introduce themselves, or seemed inattentive. The service was not awful, but far from great. 
Our group of six, two who live in NOLA and two who visit there a lot, tried a range of sea food dishes and with softshell crab in season two ordered that in particular. We also ordered three of the starters, and of those the duck poppers were the winner, I thought the broiled oysters only better than average but good enough and the crab cakes very tasty (but small). Of the main dishes, the drum and flounder were especially fishy smelling and did not taste especially fresh and near the end of their sell dates. The softshell crab the group generally thought the best of the lot. We ended with three of the deserts and everyone loved the hazelnut-chocolate pudding and the hummingbird the least favorite.
A disturbing end note, of the 6 attending dinner here, that night, one has a bad case of what could be considered food poisoning and three others indigestion, not good odds. Who knows what did it, no one in the group had anything else that night, so the odds are it was something we ate there.
In my view, considering the costs of the meal here, the service and the freshness of the fish dishes, I think your money would be better spent at one of the many other fine dining choices in New Orleans.My girlfriends and I were beat from Jazz Fest and didn't want to leave the hotel so we opted for dinner at this restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised. I had the trout, which was fresh and light. My brut rose complemented it well. The service was great and the bartenders were good to look at!Stopped in for lunch while in town for business.  Had the Local Greens Salad with some fried oysters.  Others had the Fried Shrimp Poboy and Jambalaya.  One person had the gluton free fried chicken and said it was the best he'd ever had. All were very good. Service was good as well.Great special menu for happy hour!  Totally enjoyed the jalapeno fried turkey necks.  Had it 2 nights in a row.  Good food and good service in a great food city.I only recommend dishes that are extremely good. I just finished the duck poppers on a scale of 1-5, I'll give it a five. I've never ate duck until now. I would have the duck poppers again. Along with the black drum.This will have to be a short one until I get home when I have more time todo it justice. Chef John Besh is amazing and so is all of his food. 
Get the oyster blt. It has perfect pork belly and will make your mouth happy. 
The duck poppers were out of this world. 
The prices are perfect. The food is spot on and the flavors are all well thought out. 
Go get stuffed here.The fish was fresh, the food was considerably better than I expected from this restaurant inside the Hyatt regency hotel. But the noise level was intolerable. I felt like I was dining next to a jet engine.i haven't had a bad food experience here yet, despite the seeming constant crowd. Lunch specials are one of the best deals in New Orleans, and worth a trip to the CBD even if its out of your way. Try the rabbit!  Also great spot to grab some drinks and fresh shucked oystersWe have not had a lot of success with John Besh Restaurants, but we were attending a convention at the Hyatt and were pleasantly surprised by the quality and yumminess of the food.  Our waitress was very attentive.  We had the whole gulf red snapper, the oyster spaghetti and the adobo spiced skirt steak.   Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection.   The bread was fresh out of the oven.  The bonus was the happy hour tapas for $5.00.  Turkey necks (I know...  sounds like Ewww)  were amazing and full of flavor and had an amazing sauce with a little heat and a little sweetness.  The best dish of the night. The atmosphere is  modern New Orleans with interesting art work and gorgeous oyster columns.   We followed dinner with the Key Lime pie that rivals the ones  I have had in Key West.
As season ticket holders to the Pelicans, we will be sure to stop here before the games.I am currently eating my left over risotto and it's so good (again) I thought I should leave a review. Yum. Get the risotto. We also had some appetizers, the broiled oysters were tasty, but I ended up with a little shell in mine, yuck. It happens. We also had the bacon duck things which were ok, but it was really the risotto that made me leave 4 stars, the shrimp were big and fresh. So tasty.INCREDIBLE SERVICE!!!!! Arrived in tutus for my bachelorette party. The manager served us a bottle of champagne as we waited for our tables, gave us a private tour of the kitchen, and gave us 5 star treatment. The food is unbelievably good, everything we ate was mouth watering. Joe is a fantastic & fun server!!!! So happy with our experience! Bourbon street here we come!!!!While seated in the lobby, of the Hyatt Regency, I decided to pull up lunch places, via Yelp. I knew the hotel had a few on-site eateries, but was open to walking a few blocks, based on a decent review. The stars and comments, for Borgne, had me sold, right away. So, I walked towards the hotel entrance, inmediately.
I stepped into the restaurant, on a Sunday and liked the spacious room and decor. Dining alone, I opted to sit at the long bar. I was immediately greeted by Roger, who was friendly, funny, and knew what stood out on the menu. He agreed (as with the many Yelp reviews), that the oysters and duck poppers, were a favorite. I ordered those, and a glass of Riesling. 
The half dozen, raw oysters, were HUGE! Easily three times the size, I can find at home, in California! They were chilled perfectly, on a bed of crushed ice, and came with cocktail sauce and horseradish. They were outstanding, and the sauces added just the right kick! 
The duck poppers were to die for. Wrapped in bacon and aesthetically pleasing in their presentation, temperature, taste, and quantity.
The meal was so stellar, a female patron had joined me at the bar and was coaxed into ordering the identical meal I had. We had struck up a conversation briefly, and she ranted and raved over the items as well.This is my second dining experience at Borgne and it was excellent. I had an entree - Drum A la plancha - it's a grilled white fish with dirty rice. It was seasoned perfectly!!!! I was also provided a very generous portion.  I sat at the bar, the bartender was very attentive. It was pretty quiet at the restaurant since it was a Sunday lunch hour. I will definitely be returning when I am back in NOLA.Got the seafood Paella-- extremely disappointed but I gave them 3 stars because the waitor was awesome. The dish looked beautiful but was overly salted and the rice was CRUNCHY! last time I checked-- Paella is not suppose to taste like seafood-flavored potato chips. Also the 20+ dollars entrees are very small. I was with a party of 20 people and the overall the dishes were small.I've had both the crispy pork shank and the fish in bag ( on separate occasions). Both are uniquely delicious. Also try the duck poppers!As long time New Orleans residents, we are familiar with the highs and lows of the Besh restaurants. We were excited to try Borgne, but not overly optimistic.
We were very satisfied with every aspect of the delightful dishes and excellent service at Borgne on a Monday night.
Our party of 3 sampled as much as we could handle. The grilled peach salad, the octopus, and the skewered shrimp- all appetizers were delicious, with great ingredients and innovative preparations.
For entrees, we each chose a house fish dish. Every one was flavorful, unique and  remarkable, again with great ingredients.
There was not a missed note on the meal.The food was decent. I had the oyster spaghetti and it was pretty tasty. My wife had the shrimp risotto and she enjoyed it. So overall the food experience was not too bad. The other part to the equation was the ambiance and the service. Which failed miserably. The tables were very tight and small for our group of four(not like we are big folk either), and our service was just atrocious. I felt bad not leaving a tip so I did, but I really didn't want to. The wife, of course made me. The restaurant is also very loud. You can barely hear yourself in there. It's in a very busy hotel, which does not lend itself to having a nice intimate meal.Really great. Great drinks. Great duck poppers great pork shanks. Great dessert. No complaintsGreat atmosphere. Relaxed dining and a good place for kids too. Menus are clipboards, different and cool. 
Food was well prepared and looked great. Wife had the White Shrimp Risotto. A tad saltier than she likes but that's individual taste. It was cooked great and had lots of taste.
I had the twice cooked garlic chicken. It's half a chicken that's separated. I think it's roasted then fried. It rests on what is believe is their take on jambalaya and has a sauce on the side. The chicken was expertly prepared but I could not taste any garlic at all. The rice was phenomenal! Sauce was a great compliment to add flavor, especially with the lack of garlic.
Great restaurant, I would go again. Prices are fair for what you get and the location. Try it out!In two words, "Orgasmically delicious."  If you are in NOLA, you have got to do your taste buds a favor and make your way to Borgne Restaurant located in the Hyatt Regency Hotel.  We sadly didn't discover it until our second to the last day here, simply because we were visiting the more "known" restaurants, "Commander's Palace" and "Drago's", which do not come anywhere close to Borgne's delectable cuisine, I will call it!!  
Ordered the delicious broiled oysters, calamari, bacon asparagus, maque choux and the star of the table, the fish in a bag... this is where the "laissez les bon temps rouler"  begin!!!I attended a party here and we had a special menu, so it was great food but it may be a speciality. I had the summer salad with manchego cheese and greens, a pleasant summer mix. Then, I had the drum fish with an almondine sauce that was tasty but too salty overall. It was a generous portion. The best part was the dessert! I had the key lime pie which was deconstruction style, the crust was crumbled across the plate with an ice cream key lime and a ginger foam, which was delicious!! The service was excellent too.Just left New Orleans about 2 days ago and I am still thinking about my meal from Borgne.  I was visiting with a group of girlfriends for a bachelorette party (yes, it was epic- thanks for asking) and we decided our last big dinner together would be at Borgne.  Best decision ever. (Thank you, Audra B. for the reservation!) 
The restaurant is in the business district, which was a nice break from all the noise.  Its located in the Hyatt hotel. The place itself is fun and modern.  The pillars in the middle of the restaurant were adorned with oyster shells. Pretty cool. Our group of 13 was quite the table but our server was excellent (and very patient).  
For starters, a few of us decided to split a dozen raw oysters.  Very light on the briney side, and perfectly sized. Some of the best oysters I've had.  Congratulations, Lousiana! I would have preferred a bit of vinegar, but the oysters were so light, vinegar wasnt needed. A dozen set us back about $15.  I could have eaten a dozen more. 
For my entree I got the oyster spaghetti. Made with creamy garlicy oyster broth and a nice amount of oysters. Was a favorite among the table.  I also tried some of the hanger steak which was also very good.  The steak had a nice rub on it, which had a bit of a middle eastern flare to it.  I also tried the duck poppers (they will change your life) and the charbroiled oysters, courtesy of Audra B. Stellar choices.  
Once we were almost finished, our server brought us a side of potatoes with chorizo.  Wow again. I normally look past sides on most menus but these are a must have. I wish these were in Philadelphia, because i'd eat these for brunch all day, every day. 
All in all, this place is a must visit in New Orleans!!great food and service. twice baked chicken amazingly tasty and my hub and I shared, plenty of food. casual atmosphere - as many reviewers have said cafe style tables and chairs but good nonetheless.Best meal so far in NOLA. Maybe the best swordfish steak ever. This is apparently one of four John Besh restaurants and if the others are like this then hit 'em all. Dessert (Nutella pudding with milk sorbet(?) was divine. Drinks inventive and yummy. Our waiter Joseph was everything one hopes for-attentive, entertaining and helpful without being 'in your face'. Ignore the fact this is in the Hyatt - irrelevant, as this joint could with no effort be a good standalone. Decor a little lacking, but between the food, service and prices (I think it is $$ and not $$$), who cares! Go and go again!Wanted to love it. But I didn't.  Garlic shrimp poboy was good and spicy but I didn't even notice the promised roasted eggplant spread. Fries are greasy. White sangria has to much vodka. Oh well. I would, however, definitely be "Borgne again."GREAT FOOD!  The place is inside the Hyatt Regency and it is actually OK looking.  I mean it's not fine dining, people, so you can wear casual.  But the flavors were spot on.
I had the oyster spaghetti, raw oysters, and gumbo (hey hey...my friends helped with the food - my momma taught me to share).  I also tried the duck poppers (deeeeelicious....flavors mixed so well together...so savory) and the grilled squid appetizer (again....deeeelicious).  Oysters were fresh and gumbo was good.  The fish in a bag was good and very flavorful and I don't throw that kind of compliment lightly when it comes to fish. It's hard to get good flavor in my opinion.   The oyster spaghetti was rich and full of oysters. Plump, yummy oysters.  
I also tried the fried chicken...it was sou-vied then fried. So don't panic or freak out when you see "red" by the bone. It's not raw.  I didn't like it much. Had better fried chicken...sometimes it's better to go to a mom and pop place for fried chicken.
We went in the middle of the week so it wasn't crowded. :)  The hostess could've been a lot more welcoming (she wasn't mean or rude....but just needs to really smile and be warm).  
Happy eating!Came here while we were on vacation in New Orleans for my birthday, we heard such great things about it and the Hyatt Regency New Orleans promoted it as if it were one of its own restaurants, boy were we wrong! Food was just ok, tapas were probably the best thing on their menu and the customer service was absolutely horrible! Food was very over priced not a good experience! Go spend your money somewhere else!!You can't throw a stone in NOLA without hitting a John Besh restaurant. Borne is a reason why. A wonderful restaurant and atmosphere. Love the oyster shell columns. The food was wonderful and the drink selection is nice.This restaurant just opened and is a must try. 
The atmosphere is great and decor is cool. The concrete pillars are encased with huge oyster shells and there are 10 different chalk boards showcasing the fresh fish, alcoholic beverages and explanations of why the restaurant does what it does. The staff is friendly, efficient and provide great explanations on the menu. 
Now the food...Awesome! I was here for an appetizer night and nothing disappointed. Oyster stew and duck poppers were out of this world with flavor. The pork butt empanadas melted in your mouth and the fried shrimp toast was a unique idea and very tasty. There was several other great appetizers, but the ones mentions above were the highlights. I'll definitely be back to try a real dinner here .John Besh should NOT put his name to this restaurant. 
Unfortunately, it is the first  place that does not meet the standards of ambiance, atmosphere, finesse and quality that I have loved in every other John Besh restaurant...and I have been to them all. 
It wasnt BAD--it just wasn't great. Corporate decor, food that lacked any finesse, an atmosphere not unlike a school cafeteria, mind-numbing sound level. 
I do not need to ever go back. Too bad.Nice environment. The fried oyster BLT on their lunch menu is absolutely amazing. The other food we ordered is good but average, including raw oyster, shrimp po-boy and catfish slider. Their bread is pretty good tooThis was my last "snack" before heading back to Denver and it was filling, tasty and satisfying. We had the pork empanadas they had a slight kick and a nice mayo based dipping sauce. This is the only item we had and we enjoyed it! It was served on a dish towel stacked- interesting presentation - check out the pic!
Ooh and we liked the bread served in a bag with fresh whipped butter- yum!Yum! I wasnt too enthused to try a restaurant in a vacation spot inside a hotel but i was grateful to our client for taking us here. The appetizers were so so good! Shrimp toast and bacon wrapped duck, I could not stop talking about it afterward and really wanted the last bite! haha Great appetizers and although I couldnt make it to happy hour, I saw that they had great happy hour options. My salad for lunch was ok, but I highly recommend coming here during happy hour and trying their appetizers for a happy belly :)Wow!  Our experience here was so great!  First of all, they were so nice and accommodating to our group of 15.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable, patient and kind.  Our drinks stayed full and our food came out all together!  The food, oh the food!!!  Sooooo good!  Everything I tried was excellent.  Don't miss the duck poppers or the black drum.  The angel hair pasta and fried chicken were also both incredible!  Great place for seafood.  Definitely one of the best meals we had while in NOLA!I was staying at the Hyatt Regency for a course, and I wanted to have a good meal. Since it was raining, I decided to try Borgne because of the good reviews. I was not disappointed. I ate at the bar and experienced really great service. The bar servers really knew the food, and made solid recommendations for dinner and accompanying drinks, sides, etc. I would definitely eat here again.Absolutely amazing! I usually stay away from hotel restaurants but this was recommended by a local. I'm so glad I went. Great, fresh and high end food. I was pleasantly surprised by their happy hour menu which is only $5 a plate. I ordered the catfish sliders and the summer squash parmesan! The catfish was fried to perfection and the bread was freshly baked and melted in my mouth. The sauce was perfect and really brought together all the flavors. The summer squash was so flavorful and rich. The portions were much larger than expected, I had to box up almost half of it. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. I'm surprised more people do not come for happy hour! I will definitely be returning!We went with a large table for a Christmas dinner and every last one of us loved it! we are a family of foodies and cannot express how much we loved it.  Because there were so many of us we got to try a lot of different things...oyster and Duck appetizers, alligator soup, fish with crab with pecans, fish in parchment paper, and the risotto. I have been to Italy and eaten a lot of risotto and this was by far one of my favorites of all time and the oysters...they had a small kick to the end and were fabulous.  The wait staff was super friendly and relaxed, and I would say it was fine dining in a casual atmosphere.We ate here two out of three nights during a convention last year. Back to meet friends for dinner. Happy hour us one of the best in the city with 5 dollar tapas plates and great beer and drink specials. Hot fresh baked bread with Fennel seeds and butter came to table 1st. A dozen raw oysters to share. Catfish sliders are no brainer also had  smoked tuna dip and chorizo grilled cheese. 7 people for under 120 with drinks at a Besch restaurant? Winner, winner...The seafood here is amazing!!! It is fresh and the shrimp was to die for!!!  The salad was delicious but the pasta could have used some more flavor as it was a little bland.  The seafood tower on the otherhand was delicious.  All of the seafood had great flavor and was perfectly seasoned.The food was excellent . We had the duck poppers, shrimp and corn bisque. I had the stuffed flounder which was to die for. My husband had the stuffed crab special which was ok  but next time he would try a fish dish.  We had the blackout cake and fried apple pies for dessert. We will go back again.I'm not completely sure how to rate this place. I tasted the food but not completely. Somehow the waiter mistook seafood stuffed flounder with stuffed artichoke.
Yes I realize everyone makes mistakes (massively guilty here) but really? If you are not paying attention to your customer then is this a quality restaurant I want to spend time at?Nice decor, $11 bloody Mary's; on our way to the Saints vs Bronco game with Eve. This was a nice pre-game drink of which Eve ended up giving me half her drink. Such a light weight: 11/13/2016I read a lot of good press for John Besh's newest restaurant but was fairly disappointed. For a main I ordered fish in a bag, which came out cooked unevenly at best. After showing the purple bottom of the fish to our waiter, I was given many apologies and some explanations (something about stacking the trays on top of each other in the oven -- a confusing decision with the restaurant being at most 1/4 full at the time). Perhaps worse than the original dish (mistakes do happen) was the properly cooked one. It was fine, but the tomatoes and caramelized onions couldn't really help a fairly bland piece of fish. Too many good places in the city for a return visit.