We were visiting friends in New Orleans and they had been wanting to try this place. We were really excited after checking out the menu and reading the reviews. Wow, did we end up disappointed. 
I'll started with the good:
The food is good. It's interesting, unique and tasty. My blue cheese gnocchi was unlike anything I've ever had before. The mussels and the greens were also yummy.
The bad:
We were seated at 8:30 for an 8pm reservation. What's the point of taking reservations if you can't honor them?
We were starving when sat down, and still very excited. But then things got worse. The service was slooooooowwwwww. The server paid us little attention, took forever to get our orders and drinks, and there was teeny tiny dribble of food coming out of the kitchen for the entire restaurant. 
At 9:45, we'd had one round of drinks and appetizers served to us. Yeah, I don't think that's acceptable. It was after 10pm when we got our main dishes.
The portions on half of our dishes was SMALL for what we paid. Two in our party were still HUNGRY after leaving the restaurant. If I pay $30-$35 per person for dinner, I shouldn't still be hungry.
There was never one word of acknowledgement about the slow pace of food service, or any effort to provide some kind of complimentary dish while we waited. That's distasteful, to say the least.
I was bummed because this was our one "fancier" night out while we were in town. Maybe it's better during the week, but was not worth going to on the weekend.The service was great, the drinks were nice and strong, the food was delicious, and the krispy kreme bread pudding was to die for!  We went on a Thursday afternoon for lunch and the servers were so attentive and wonderful.  We had the brisket which was so yummy and came with fabulous parmesan fries.  We also had the roast beef po'boy which was moist and juicy and so so good.  We did ask for some extra horseradish sauce to go with it (which they provided right away).  We will definitely be coming back!Boucherie
8115 Jeannette St, 
New Orleans, LA 70118
http://goo.gl/maps/lbXUH
Boucherie is a small place hidden on Jeanette St in the uptown/Carrolton district. We met friends there and had cocktails and dinner last night. The service was knowledgeable, quick and always kept our glasses full.  The sazerac served was just average and didn't have that "wow I've forgotten how good these are" NOLA pop to them. The food was brought quickly but wasn't up to the high standards of cuisine in this area. The French bread served was like something I used to get at the grocery store in a plastic bag.
Our group had a great time and it was good to see friends was as usual but the food was really only average.  I would rate at only two stars. 
Urban CowgillPretty good, but not amazing. We went for lunch after hearing good things. It is a hike from the touristy areas, to be sure. If the St. Charles streetcar is running all the way out, then not as big a deal, but the entire end of the line near this place was under construction and not operating when we went.
Some dishes - like the duck confit - grew on me, but were still a bit short of being fully conceptualized. Warm cantaloupe and nearly burnt skin? It kind of worked. Roast beef po'boy was succulent. Loved our amuse-bouche and wanted a whole bowl of this cold soup. Speaking of cold, service was a bit tepid, but adequate. Desserts seemed basic. Cocktails were adequate, too.
My dining companion enjoyed this much more than I did. Perhaps I am jaded, but I'd say if you can get into Cochon, go there first.This place is absolutely outstanding. I love a chef that can provide 5 star food at a 3 star price. And that, my friend, is exactly what I think of when I think of Boucherie. My favorite dish here would have to bee the slow roasted pork with pickled cabbage. There are just those restaurants you dine at and you know, as soon as you take your first bite, you will remember the establishment. Boucherie still to this day, in my opinion, is one of the best resturants in the city. Chef Nathanie Zimet really has the magic down pack. The fact that he started from humble beginnings (he started in a food truck) is also a great testament. Check this place out. Oh, and by the way, make sure you get the boudin balls with the garlic aioli. You'll thank me later.Such a cute place! A waiter from Sylvain recommended us this place. We went there for light dinner while visited in NO.
This restaurant is inside a house in a middle of cute NO neighborhood which is really cool.
Their specialty drinks were really tasty and the main course was REALLY good  (we ordered the scallops), but the highlight was the dessert: 
Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie - divine!! I scarped the plate and asked for more. 
Cannot wait to visit there again.We came around noon on a Friday, wasn't very busy so we were seated right away. They brought us a complimentary sample of a tomato basil bisque, it was okay. We got the 12 hour roasted Waguy Beef Po'boy and the Pineapple Carnitas and Smoked Pork Loin sandwich. Both were amazing and full of flavor! However, the main reason we went was to try the Krispy Kreme bread pudding! Oh. My. Goodness. Whoever came up with that idea, I just want to thank them! Seriously though if you go there, you need to try it. I'm not even a big Krispy Kreme fan, but that was awesome!Cute place right along the St. Charles streetcar route. Ambiance was great, staff was friendly and - 3 words - pimento cheese grits! Worth a jump off the line for Sunday brunch.The duck confit & boudin balls were great appetizers.  They made their sazeracs the RIGHT way, and the entries we had (brisket for me & grilled scallops for the wifey) were quite good too!  We had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding & chocolate chiffon cake desserts, which get the nod from us too!Best place in NOLA so far on my extended 4 weeks. I have loved many but this was the best!  Thanks to cousin Gavo for introducing us and nothing but Kudos to Margo who gave us incredible service (and who ordered my entire experience from cocktails to dessert). James and Nate...be proud of what you have created!
I started my evening w my first ever Sazerac which was perfect for the New Orleans experience. Blackened Shrimp appetizer and Speckled Trout was both absolutely delicious. We had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding which was fantastic but was only the 2nd best in NOLA. Cafe reconcile had the best Bread Pudding.  
Can't wait to come back!!!Stopped into Boucherie after a long-ass flight from New York - based on a recommendation from a friend. Let's put it this way: we're now best friends.
I made a meal out of the Boudin Balls and the Pulled Pork Cake with Potato Confit. Both were outstanding. Also, because it's acceptable to drink at lunch, I had their signature Bloody Mary and it was amazing! Perfect level of spicy without the bitter aftertaste that Tabasco leaves in my mouth. (I'm not a fan of Tabasco...)
*Warning: make sure that you save room for dessert! The Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding was one of the best desserts that I've ever had. Like, I'll never be able to eat another doughnut without thinking of the sweet, buttery taste of New Orleans in my mouth.Shrimp n Grits were what I wanted. 
Brisket and fries...good, but salty. Quite heavy.
Should have ordered the Bass and squash!The best food and service in New Orleans. I was happy to explore outside of French Quarters during my trip otherwise I would have not found this place. I had the pulled pork po'boy as well as the shrimp po'boy both of which were amazing. 
Next time I am down in New Orleans, I will have to go back.A very unassuming little restaurant located right off of Carrollton Ave. I have to admit I had my doubts about the place as I approached it from the exterior. The restaurant is located in a small converted house essentially. The interior is actually much nicer than the outside would have you believe.
The meal began with a small amuse of cauliflower soup. The soup was quite tasty though it had a very strong smell that definitely stayed with you afterwards. The menu is extremely varied and the prices are very reasonable. I had the Smoked Beef Brisket with Parmesan Fries. The brisket was extremely moist and tender and came drenched in a very tangy sauce. The brisket came with a huge portion of fries that were really great. The fries were perfectly crispy and very flavorful. For dessert I had what was essentially a blueberry pie with ice cream. It was fairly underwhelming though the ice cream had a nice flavor to it.
Overall it was a very favorable dining experience. The ambiance is not great, but I feel the food makes up for it. For me, the price is the main selling point. Great for a nice casual dinner.Shrimp and grit cakes were just the amount of spicy and flavorful. The caipirinha was very good (I got two and I'm not a big drinker). And the service was great!
My dad loved the duck confit and my mom got the special eggplant po boy, which she also liked. They both rave about the Krispy Kreme bread pudding, but I didn't have room to try it.I took a trip out to Boucherie this Saturday for lunch. It was a nice day and so we sat outside on the front porch.We started a trend, because soon it was full of patrons. I don't know if the severs were all that "pleased" that we decided to eat out there, but after some initial grumbles, they were very courteous and provided excellent service through the meal. This was just a great meal in New Orleans; actually, after hundreds of meals in New Orleans, this was in the top ten easy. I think it may be the best lunch, if not close behind Commander's. We started with an amuse bouche of potato and leek soup. Wait, did you say an amuse bouche at lunch? Yes, me in my jeans and sweater at a laid back Saturday lunch had an amuse bouche. What a great little surprise! Great start to a great meal. They have a wonderful selection of cocktails, wine, and beer. They had NOLA Irish Channel Stout on tap. Be still my heart. For starters we had the fries with parmesan and the shrimp with the gritcake. Just delicious. The fries are cooked in duck fat and were covered in shaved parmesan; good but maybe the biggest let down of the meal. I just wanted a little more taste of parmesan. I also had the 12hr roast beef with this delicious horseradish creme. My friend had the BBQ shrimp poboy and the sauce I tasted was very tangy and had a wonderful spice at the end. We had some extremely pleasant conversations with some tourists and gave our recommendations on how to enjoy our wonderful city. 
Lunch was just spectacular. Everything was just so tasty and a real attention to detail was made in our food preparation.The cost of the meal was well worth it. The prices are extremely reasonable. I will be back for dinner and hopefully soon.You know how when you're out to dinner and chatting it up and drinking your wine and the food comes and you're still yapping and then you take that first bite of food and everything just ceases... you pause and revel in the moment. You forget what the conversation was about. You forget you were even talking. And you allow all the luscious flavors to swim laps over your taste buds. it's glorious! You feel triumphant! Like you picked the best dish off the menu! 
Well, Boucherie was not that. At least not for me. 
I dined here for dinner on a double date last Friday night and I was pretty excited since so many yelpers gave it such rave reviews. While I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't super impressed either. Don't get me wrong, I truly enjoyed my experience, the food was excellent (but not knock your socks off) and I will undoubtedly recommend it to others. 
It's a pretty small house-converted-to-restaurant. The tables are a bit close together and you end up knocking chairs with other diners. Lighting is too bright for it to be romantic. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and attentive and we even had the owner stop by to help us pick out a bottle of wine. Oh and the corking fee is only $5! This alone will ensure that I return for another meal!
The small plates are all under $10 and the large plates are $15. I can't think of another nice dining establishment that can match these prices. Overall, this is the best bang for your buck type restaurant.Every visit to the Big Easy brings a new taste - a new treasure! This one is a MUST for visitor and local alike.  I was warned earlier in the day that this would be our dinner spot for the night and they hype was well worth it.  
Our reservations were for 5:30 (my friend was told that was all there was), so I was little nervous as we were running a few minutes late after the St Paddy's Day Parade. We parked and hurried in to find a nearly empty place, which was later to our good fortune.  It seems everyone was late this day, as in 30 minutes, the small, quaint locale was bursting at the seams (as we would be shortly as well).
My friend David brought me here and gave me some menu advice.  Everything sounded amazing, and I ended up with the Brisket and Garlic Fries, while David took on the Tilapia and beets.  I considered this but I am not a beet guy and was craving some real meat!  We also started with the special: Salmon Tar Tar which was amazing (of course, to be fair, I am not sure I have ever had Salmon I did not like). David forced me to try the beets (which were MUCH better than I expected, but still a little over the top for me) and of course, he helped himself to my tasty garlic fries until they were gone.
I still have never had a Sazerac (David and others have promised) so I thought that this would be my chance.  However, I caught a glimpse of the Dark and Stormy and my Puerto Rican roots called out for the rum!  "A stiff drink" would be an understatement.  Both of our cocktails were "loaded," which was fine by us and is always appreciated!  
After the plates were "licked clean" (no really - licked clean), we were asked about desert (David's favorite part).  This was a no-brainer.  David laid down the law: Thai Chili Chocolate and Krispy Kreme breading pudding (yup - that is two deserts)!  Both were amazing and we tore through both rather quickly.  I wanted to ask for another to go, but why embarrass myself here when the French Quarter awaited!  
I knocked off a full star for service.  I realize the entire place filled up in less than 30 minutes and that makes service difficult, but even a check in with us now and then would have been nice.  If I could go with 4.5 stars, that would be better.  I still highly recommend it and I am probably sure if it was not a crazy St Paddy's night things would probably have gone a bit quicker and smoother.Finally dined at this top 10 NOLA restaurant recently. It did not disappoint! I'm a picky eater and love when places do it right. Boucherie does it right! The prices are incredible when you think about what you're getting. Fine dining that the people can afford. The three entrees were Wagyu beef, duck, and amberjack. All were good, but in order, the Wagyu beef was incredible, the duck was great, and the amberjack was quite good. 
Note: get an appetizer or two. The entrees aren't overly large. We all got full w/o apps, but I would opt for them next time. 
One of the best restaurants in town in this reviewer's opinion.Stumbled on this place while looking for somewhere to eat on Bourbon St.  Great waiter who made excellent recommendations & was very attentive. Nothing fancy just a couple of very good sandwiches at a pretty reasonable price.Hands down the BEST restaurant in Uptown/Carrolton area. Really neat "house" setting with white tablecloths. This is Exactly what a fine dining experience should look and feel like in the Big Easy. Try the Boudin balls.... UNBELIEVABLE. 
Also, they had some of the most patient waiters I've ever experienced dining out. I was with three yankees with borderline embarrassing behavior and he handled it like a champion. 
Southern class meets southern comfort food.Probably our favorite meal in New Orleans, and well worth a detour to eat here if you're visiting.
We had lemongrass pho with pickled bean sprouts, collard greens, grits fries with Louisiana hot sauce, duck confit with lime salsa mozzarella and chilaquiles, scallop sausage with kimchi and sweet potatoes and old fashioned lemon pudding with fresh cream and strawberries.
Everything was truly excellent. Even the collard greens and grits fries which sounded very simple were loaded with flavor.
As a plus, they also make great cocktails!I was in town for a convention and was lucky enough to have dinner at Boucherie, so I'm not a local nor have I eaten there more than once. All that being said, for me this is a flawless restaurant. It is quite small, taking up the front rooms of a small house in the Carrolton Historic district. The tables are close together and a single waitress works all of them. The menu doesn't really tell you what you are going to encounter here: there is a passion in the food that is absolutely unmistakeable. Everything we had was absolutely delicious and perfectly presented. The wait staff was flawless. The flavors were superb. The give you an example of the exquisite dining here I'll just mention the two desserts we had: I had the Krispi Kreme bread pudding, which is, almost certainly the finest bread pudding you could ever experience. A thin eggy, bready base is topped with broken, crispy pieces of Krispi Kreme donuts and topped with a rum sauce. My companion had a flourless chocolate pie with Thai chili, which was served warm topped with a dollop of whipped cream. All you need to know about this restaurant is that the desserts, like everything else, come from the talent of the owner-chef. I've eaten in fine restaurants across America, and this ranks with my all time top experiences. It is totally New Orleans and totally wonderful. On top of everything, the prices are so reasonable.Great food, good service, love the decor.  If you can't get a reservation go right when it opens and they keep a table or two for walk-ins.  You can also sit at the bar if you strike out on a table.The fellow reviewers on Yelp influenced our choice of this restaurant. Please accept a hail and hearty THANK YOU!!  It's a small, cozy restaurant that we found to be very romantic.
I had the pulled pork cake and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. What an indulgence, worth every calorie, I might add. We rode the streetcar and enjoyed the entire experience.
A nearby table included a young boy, about 10 years old, who was very well-behaved. I'd say it's a good place for children, although an unhappy child could change the entire atmosphere.
The food was wonderful and we felt as though we were experiencing something very special. We loved it.Boucherie was our wedding caterer and they did not disappoint! Not only are we still hearing our guests rave about the food at our wedding, but this place was a dream to work with. Abigail was the most helpful, amazing, professional person! We gave her our budget, and she took it from there. They never told us no, but everything was still able to work within our budget! We got married at Race and Religious, so we were thankful to hear that they had worked events there before and knew about its unique layout. Abigail was able to help me a lot with the layout because of this. I think she did more than my actual wedding planner did for my wedding!! The service was amazing and added to our memories of the night....Aspen, I don't think my mom will ever forget you! They handled the bar, our rentals for the food and drinks, and also got us an oyster shucker. It was perfect in every aspect! I wouldn't hesitate for a second to hiring them for an event!A foody's paradise, must try, creative, delicious experience that keeps you coming back time and time again. 
Love the cozy atmosphere. The food is fun and always on point. The menu is frequently updated to highlight seasonal items and to allow chef to get creative with some new ideas. Prefect portion sizes with incredible textures and ingredients. The cocktails are hand crafted to perfection.I've dined here a few times--lunch and dinner---and on every occasion it was excellent. The restaurant is a small converted house with fifteen or twenty tables that are always filled. Yet, the waitstaff never seems harried nor the food sloppy or rushed. The crispy duck and shrimp grit cakes are my favorite.You may have to wait as this restaurant is small. I promise, it's worth it. Awesome unique flavorful meals. Anything ordered is worth waiting for. I can't wait to go back, albeit I've been there on three other occasions. Wonderful service, great ambiance (small), great food.......The best restaurant I have been to in New Orleans.  The meat falls off of the bone and the krispy kreme bread pudding was incredible.Disclaimer:  I haven't been to the actual restaurant.  They set up a tent at Lafayette Square during a live performance by Rebirth Brass Band, featuring a limited menu of items that are found at the restaurant itself.
That being said, I really need to get to this place, as the items I sampled were spectacular.  The 12 Hour Roast Beef Po' Boy with pickled onions and horseradish cream... well, the description doesn't disappoint.  The big surprise, however, was the Crispy Creme Bread Pudding.  I'm not a fan of Crispy Cream, but when you use those doughnuts as the base of your bread pudding, magic happens.On a recent trip a girl friend and I ate here. I was really looking forward to it and I am so glad we went! Remember when you read these reviews: all of their entrees are under $20. 
We started with a few cocktails - both great. Had the Pimm's Cup and the Sophia Loren.
Then the Boudin Balls (pretty good but wasn't blown away) and a wagyu beef special served medium rare were Bearnaise and crispy potatoes. It was amazing. 
I had the Wagyu brisket with the parmesan fries - it was really great, everything I hoped for.
My friend had the Applewood Smoked Scallops and she wasn't a fan. She didn't realize they would have something spicy on top of them. Honestly I wasn't blown away by this dish either, from what I tasted. 
We ordered desert too and it was delicious but not what I expected. We ordered a chocolate ganache terrine and it was so hard (because it was cold) that the waitress had to bring us a knife. The cookie it was served with was bland.
Would recommend and I would go again. Service was excellent. Nice atmosphere.Four of us had 8:30 reservations on a Saturday night. We were seated in a baquette and ordered drinks. We could not hear our waiter because the noise level in the restaurant was outrageous and physically painful. We could not have any conversation amongst ourselves. There were several large tables that were very loud. We finally asked to be seated at a table outside on the street. The appetizers and entrees were delicious and the desserts were amazing. However, the restaurant needs to recognize this huge problem. This dinner had been planned for a few weeks and several of us had never been to New Orleans and this dining experience was upsetting. Other diners were also complaining about the noise level.Such a weird eating experience. Not at all what we expected, especially given Boucherie's reputation and glowing reviews. We expected traditional New Orleans cooking, given that the word "Boucherie" describes a Cajun meat tradition. But we were instead met with several weird molecular gastronomy-type plates.
 The first dish we ordered was a small plate special described as "wild salmon with fried scallop chips and something I can't remember" and gave no indication that it would be 100% raw sashimi salmon. Our waitress didn't mention this either. It came with beet horseradish, a tiny bagel-type thing, a ball of unidentified foam, and whatever "scallop chips" are (not the seafood). 
We then ordered another small plate (baked apple en croute & pimienton sausage w/ whipped English cheddar) and a "large plate" (applewood smoked scallops w/ oat & persimmon crepe, nori glazed pumpkin, & persimmon kosho). No huge complaints about the scallops in terms of flavor, but the plate was TINY- 3 scallops. Same size as the small plates, but more expensive. The small plate was not "apple en croute" because there was no apple to be found...except for in the weird cubes of apple gelatin that came on the side. The sausage was ground up and had a very weird taste, especially with the cheese on the side. 
We finished with the Krispy Kreme bread pudding as this is the signature dessert, and it was the only thing we were impressed by. It was also more substantial than anything else we ordered. 
Overall, this meal left us very unsatisfied and confused, and our wallets sad. Trying to save others from the experience we had here. The whole time I was thinking about the delicious and cheap food at Lebanon's Cafe next door and how I wished I was eating there. It's extremely rare to walk out of a restaurant in New Orleans feeling completely unimpressed, but Boucherie somehow managed to do it.Ahh Boucherie, amazing cocktails, small plates were wonderful. Didn't like the fries everyone flips out over. Do yourself a favor & get the collard greens,they're made of magic & fairy dust. Seriously, the most amazing greens I've ever encountered. Krispy Kream bread pudding was way over the top. Thai chili chocolate chess cake gave me the "O face." service was total class.Having had two great dinners here before I was very disappointed with the lunch we had today.
Service was great, as usual, but the Bloody Mary was the worse I've ever had and the pork belly Rueben was small, greasy and nothing special.  The arugula, bacon, tomato and "circulated" poach egg dish was fine but nothing to crow about. All in all a blah lunch experience.Awesome place and excellent service. The food and drinks were outstanding. We had the Waygu Smoked Brisket and the chefs special of the day snapper beignets. Prices are reasonable. Recommend reservations.Boucherie has edged its way into my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. I've had several birthday, anniversary, special occasion dinners here and have never been disappointed! My favorite items on the menu include the Steamed Mussels with Collard Greens & Crispy Grit Crackers - cooked to perfection every single time, in the most amazing broth with bangin-ass collard greens and little fried grit "scoopers"..better than anything ya momma's makes! And the Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie - I can't even explain how your taste buds will tingle..just do it! It's great to go with a group, order a bunch of small plates and apps and leave full, satisfied and giddy from having participated in a full-on flavor orgy with your friends. I won't even get started on their cocktail menu and respectable wine list, because that's where my heart lives and we both have other things to do today. Go - you'll be happy you did!I called Boucherie a couple of weeks ago to see if they would be able to make a vegan entree for my wife, if we were to make a reservation. The hostess said that they could, so I made a dinner reservation for the following week for when my mom would be in town.
We ended up eating dinner at Boucherie last Friday, and it was fantastic. For appetizers, my mom and I split the arugula salad and the blackened shrimp and grit cake. For our main course, my wife had an entree with Israeli couscous and vegetables from off the menu that the chef prepared, I had the smoked waygu beef brisket with fries, and my mom had the applewood smoked scallops. For dessert, my mom and I split the krispy kreme bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream.
Everyone really enjoyed their food, and had a great experience. The shrimp from the shrimp and grit cake had a great seasoning, the beef brisket was very tender, and the bread pudding was off the charts good.
The service was great, and having chosen to sit outside, the atmosphere along Carroltlon was also. I would recommend Boucherie to anyone looking for a great meal in New Orleans. They are very accommodating, and serve great food across the menu.Finally get to cross this place of my list! You must make reservations in advance as this place fills up quickly since it's pretty much a small house. Ambiance and service is great. Went with three friends and we ate everything we ordered. No matter what, definitively get their french fries from the appetizer menu. Possibly the BEST fries in the city. Garlicky parmasean perfection. They have this amazing vinaigrette for the fries. I would go back for just that...I almost stole the bottle. They usually have great specials. Their beef brisket was excellent (which came with more french fries, another reason to get it!). Boudin balls and shrimp appetizers were also amazing.Boo! How to review a restaurant that makes your table wait for an entire hour before sporadically trickling out random lukewarm courses and repeatedly placing them in front of the wrong diner?  One star for the decent but clumsily presented food. And that's it. The service is a disaster. And it seems they all know this. The customer facing staff look dismayed as they do not apologize and instead argue with you, insisting you ordered something you know that you didn't. Communication from waitstaff to kitchen seems to be on full breakdown. While diners are still waiting for hot desserts to be served cold, the staff are pouring themselves beers and congregating at the back bar with their pals. Management appears only when summoned to table after table to back pedal. Too little way too late. In a city full of awesome food and even better service, not sure how this place will ever survive. I wish I'd read the reviews before we wasted an evening here. Beware!We tried to make reservation for the same day but was told dinner was full.  It was recommended that we come for an early dinner and we could possibly grab seats at the bar since its just the two of us.  So we followed the recommendation and found seats at the bar.  The staff are friendly and super nice.  Our bartender was a charming and friendly young gentleman.  He helped us with the menu and offered some other helpful recommendations.  The ambience is warm, cozy, casual and somewhat classy-it's a nice place for a dinner date.              
Beef brisket with garlic parmesan fries: The meat was tender.  The fries were absolutely delicious and addicting.  
Bread pudding: was very sweet and rich but still pretty good.A nice quaint place ! A mixologist on site made fancy cocktails. Wine selection was a little limited on well known wines but we were pointed in the right direction. Oyster app and duck con fit were fabulous. Along with the scallops, halibut, and brisket were amazing!!  Save room for desert because the Krispy Kreme bread pudding is a must!!New Orleans classic dishes at their most elegant! My boyfriend and I were wowed by every dish we ordered (extra points for the shrimp and grits - and I don't even like shrimp)! Don't even think about it, just do yourself a favor and order the Krispy Kreme bread pudding for dessert.
I made reservations for a Saturday night about 2 weeks in advance and we were seated promptly. The place did fill up quickly during the course of our meal, so make reservations or plan on waiting.
A cab ride from the French Quarter was $20 tip included, but we later found out that it was really just an easy $1.25 train car ride from Canal St.A quaint local spot, Boucherie immediately impressed. 
I have eaten here numerous times so I will not go into details about each dish.
Quality service, good drinks and good food.
What more does one require from a dining experience?My sisters and I are in New Orleans visiting family and the 7 of us walked in with no reservations on a Tuesday night at 6pm. We were seated quickly and treated like royalty. Dress code at that hour didn't seem to make a difference. 
Small and large plates were fun to share letting all of us try a few bites of things such as turtle and alligator soup, roasted pork with potatoes fried in duck fat, fried green tomatoes with aoli and veggies, moroccan venison stew topped with falafel and served with greens and a cucumber sauce. I couldn't tell you how much we enjoyed every morsel!
That's not all! We had to try their signature stingless bee martini and cilantro carrot margarita that were both totally unique and daring. 
To finish off our meal we destroyed the krispie Kreme bread pudding and Thai chili chocolate chess pie OhMyGawd!We truly enjoyed this restaurant; The food is incredible, and the service is outstanding! We started out with the boudin balls, which were awesome with the sauce. My husband had the steak, which he said was delicious (he left literally nothing on the plate). I ordered the fried gnocchi dish that was to die for. Be sure to save room for dessert because that bread pudding is the best I've ever had.. and you get a lot, so feel free to share!Really wanted to give this place 4 stars.  I think it will get there, it's got a talented kitchen staff with good potential... but it still needs some work.  
We arrived ten minutes early for our 8:15 Saturday night reservation.  We were seated at 8:45.  So that wasn't great.    Our waitress was very nice, very prompt and lovely.  
We had:  Delish amuse bouche.   Delish grilled romaine salad.    Good duck confit but served with a mismatched salad.   Below-average (and cold) BBQ ribs.
I will try this place on my next trip to NOLA, hopefully they can work out the kinks.  Nonetheless, Boucherie is a good value, despite the inconsistencies.  [One more thing, since we wandered around looking for the restaurant -- FYI the sign outside says "Iris", not "Boucherie."]Sat outside on a lovely afternoon and enjoyed the white tablecloth outdoor seating. Very pleased with the attentiveness and promptness of service (didn't catch our server's name, but he was tall and beardy: many thanks to you, Sir). Boudin balls were the best I've had since my days at the Chimes in BR. I had the jerk seasoned duck breast with garlic kale and cooked (can't remember if they were sautéed or grilled) bananas, while my boyfriend had the Wagyu beef brisket with parmesan fries. My duck was perfectly cooked (medium/med rare) and bf's Wagyu was very tender and flavorful. The kale with the duck was overly salty, as I know is sometimes the downfall of ordering kale because it is so bitter if not well seasoned. Overall, a great meal, awesome wine list, and impeccable service!This place was by far my favorite of all the restaurants I ate at while in New Orleans. Everything from food to service was perfect from start to finish. My boyfriend and I arrived to an empty restaurant around 11:30 am for lunch on a Tuesday, and were immediately greeted and seated by our server who I didn't get the name of but was a delight. We ordered the Duck Confit, Blackened Shrimp and Grit Cake, and the Wagyu Beef Brisket, but were first served a delicious garlic soup amuse-bouche. Each dish only got better with every bite. The duck and beef brisket were so amazingly tender. The blackened shrimp was probably the more uniquely flavored with its house made bacon vinaigrette, and that eaten with the grit cake was a great pairing. Yum. For dessert, we ordered the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding because duh? It was everything I hoped it'd be and more. Just the right amount of sweetness while combining the soft texture of the bread pudding with the crunchier texture of the Krispy Kreme donuts. Too. Good. Even as more guests starting filling the restaurant around more reasonable lunch hours than our 11:30 arrival, service didn't falter. Absolutely loved everything about my meal here. I'd give it 6 stars if I could.For me Boucherie is NOLA. They go hand in hand, and have ever since my  visit during Mardi Gras. 
I recently found my notes on this place and realized it deserved a great review for the warm service, fantastic decor, classy clientele and all the amazing adjectives i scribbled down but can't seem to decipher.
The atmosphere is classy, refined, yet soulful. The trappings of a great restaurant are all here, but then, with permission, you can go in the back and speak with the chef while he's behind the line. If you don't leave the kitchen laughing then you probably weren't speaking with Michael, (one of the great minds behind some of your favorite dishes here).
Honestly, it's just friendlier here than in most restaurants. Boucherie has heart and I pray it never loses that. This warmth lends itself to the ambiance which makes it great for catching up with a friend or an intimate evening out.
As for the food. Their duck, shallots, and Gnocchi are outstanding. Their pomme frites are superb(i love the added kick of Parmesan) and their saucier should be kissed square on the mouth for what he/she does.
Never close guys. Can't wait to see you again soon. When I come to New Orleans, its not worth my time if I can't fit you into my schedule. But due to your popularity i just hope you can fit me into YOUR schedule. 
Eat well my friendsNew Orleans definitely lives up to its reputation as a destination for great food. Boucherie is proof that great food is to be had outside of the French Quarter. If you need a reason to venture out, Boucherie will be worth the trip. Tables are hard to come by so definitely make reservations before you come. We got lucky with a couple of spaces at the bar. 
The Smoked Wagyu Beef Brisket with Garlicky Parmesan Fries was a treat. And we had to try the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding. Surprisingly, it wasn't overloaded with sweetness as I had expected, which was a nice surprise. We had great conversations with the bartender and the couple who sat next to us. Service was excellent!Extremely small portions. Really great flavors. They brought us complimentary corn bread that was the size of my fingernail. It's like a caricature of "fancy restaurants". If the portions were larger then the prices would be acceptable.A million times better than Jacques Imo's!
Artichoke (lunch) and duck po-boy (lunch) were incredible.
Excellent beer selection!
Even if you are full - order the Bread Pudding (Krispy Kreme)!!!So yum.  Don't think twice- just come here.  I had the boudin balls and the blackened shrimp and grit cake to start.  It was so tasty.  Absolutely perfect.  And then had the brisket and garlic fries.  Again-- perfect.
I usually don't order desert, but since I was sharing with a friend, we ordered to chocolate chess pie.  Again, that's something I wouldn't usually go for, but it was amazing.  I really wanted to order another piece!From food truck to casual dining perfection.
Admittedly, I had been looking forward to eating at Boucherie for over a week after reading The New York Times "36 hours in New Orleans" to plan our upcoming NOLA vacay.  You had me at "Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding"  Our experience definitely did not disappoint.
Ambiance: both indoor and outdoor seating. Small opening dining space that is loud and bustling and reminiscent of a busy street market. The decor is simple and industrial, and lends to just highlight the food. Love. 
Service: friendly and inviting. As a nice personal touch, the chef sent over a roasted red pepper squash cold soup to taste. I'll take free small bites of your culinary genius over warm bread any day!
Drink: full bar available. 
Food:
Boudin balls - sausage filled with dirty rice and deep fried with a garlic aioli.  O.M.G. Yum. 
Wagyu beef po boy - yes please. Can I have more?? Delicious shredded and juicy beef dressed with creamy horseradish and these perfectly pickled red onions. Holy hell this was delicious. 
Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding - the name says it all. An homage to the chef's North Carolina roots. Crispy top and buttery pudding. Yes. Dessert stomach satisfied. 
Would definitely come back for a relaxed dinner or lunch.I went to college at Tulane, but apparently Boucherie opened just as I was leaving. I heard about it on a return visit, and upon finding out that the folks responsible were the very same behind the glorious PURPLE TRUCK - I had to go.
The restaurant is small, but when we showed up sans reservation we were able to sit almost right away on the porch and watch the streetcars go by on their way to the garage! The cocktails and food were great- more interesting and just as tasty as the majority of what you find in the quarter, without kitsch or a high price tag.
In a city of unbelievable restaurants, most of which I've made a point to go to, Boucherie has become one my top recommendations for friends who are visiting NOLA.This is NOT an exaggeration: 
My husband and I were pissed. So upset that we had to ever eat anything after this, pissed that we ever ate anything before this. My husband said that the food there made him feel like he had been wasting his life. 
Boucherie is an religious experience. Mind you, I have never been saved, but if heaven on Earth exists, this has gotta be the place. 
My husband and I came here on our honeymoon. We did get a little spoiled that night, because Mike the bartender, is a friend of a friend, he made us a sazerac and some other delicious inebriating whiskey cocktail. 
We started with boudin balls, shrimp with grit cake, and then we received bonus collard greens from Mike. At first we were like "collard greens?" and then we took a bite, "collllaaard greeens" Oh My GOD. All three appetizers were amazing. The boudin balls can not be described any other way than orgasmic. 
We finished our appetizers, saddened to see them gone, and half way through our drinks, (which are all doubles there by the way), and man, we were feeling good. Our entrees came out, my husband ordered the brisket with parmesean fries, and I had the duck con fit. It could've been the drinks, but when I took my first bite of duck, I felt a little emotional. Seriously, THAT good. 
Of course, we had the Krispy Kreme bread pudding for dessert; and how in the world can you go wrong with that? You can't. 
Make a reservation, and getchusum.
Thank you Boucherie!!!!Pros: Great food for the price (everything is $15 and under). Original cocktails as well as the classic mixed drinks. Service is good and presentation is well executed. Seasonal menu. BYOB for a small corking fee. 
Cons: Small dining space. Reservations not always honored promptly. Street parking. 
Essential Dishes: Boudin Balls, Pulled Pork, Collard greens, Scallops, Duck, Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding
Other: Reservations highly recommended.
See my complete review here: http://fleurdelicious-nola.com/?p=721This is my go to place when I want a nice meal with my significant other, with three courses including alcohol, without breaking triple digits. EVERY SINGLE TIME I get the bill, I am blown away at how inexpensive it is. 
The food is gourmet and perfect of those who want NOLA style food at its finest. Leaves you full without being overly so. Definitely order dessert, you won't regret it. 
The setting is very intimate and seating is limited so I definitely recommend getting reservations in advance. 
The only main con I can think of is that it does sometimes get a little loud in there so beware of that.Wonderful every time!  The drinks are tasty, the food is awesome and the service is just fine.  The stand out for me was the duck confit, mussels and collards with grit fries small plates.  The desserts were also wonderful!  The one thing I noticed was that there was not a big difference between the sizes of the small and large plates.We were visiting NOLA for a weekend and spend our last evening dining at boucherie. The location is super nice, they put a lot of love in the ambience. Service was great. Food was awesome. It was worth every cent. We shared the small plates as appetizers and had mussels, duck confit, blackened shrimp and boudin balls with garlic aioli. Especially the mussels were amazing. I know that a lot of reviews complained they left hungry so please note that the small plates are appetizers. Entrees were duck breast, beef brisket and the cobia. We shared the apple crumble as dessert. We were all very happy and satisfied. Would definitely recommend this place.I'm sad to report that Boucherie was just "a-ok" for me.  I had high hopes because of all of the rave reviews.  When we arrived on time for our reservation, we were left standing at the door for a good 7 minutes before anyone acknowledged our arrival.  There was a mixup with our reservation so we ended up going to a bar down the street while a table freed up.  We weren't very happy at the fact that we were seated outside on the porch in 20 degree weather but the outdoor heaters surprisingly kept us warm enough.  We ordered the ribs, scallops, boudin balls and the bread pudding.  My sister said that the way that they served the scallops the night we were there were different than the way she had it before.  While nothing tasted bad, nothing really stood out besides the boudin balls, which were pretty amazing.  Other than that, nothing to write home about.Fantastic dinner!  Boucherie is well worth the taxi ride out of the French Quarter area.  Great value for a great dining experience.  The Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding is a unique dish, very sugary sweet but hard to stop eating.  I had the warm boudin starter and the pulled pork dish, both were stellar.Had lunch at Boucherie on the patio because the BFF felt claustrophobic inside since it was pretty small. We were able to enjoy a nice, quiet, and intimate meal with the fairly warm, sweater weather. 
Had the lemongrass chicken wings that came with 6 and it was offered on the menu of the day. The sauce for this was absolutely amazing! It tasted like an Asian sauce with a bit of kimchi, lemongrass and I think it looked like there was sweet chili sauce in it as well. We saved the extra sauce to use for dipping the Parmesan garlic fries. 
I ordered the Crispy Skin Duck Confit. It was great. Tasted like chicken but much more tender. 
The BFF ordered the Pineapple Carnitas & Smoked Pork Loin Sandwich. It was really good. I'm not into sandwiches but this was yummy. 
We also ordered the Krispy Kreme bread pudding that was to die for! In a category of bread pudding all by itself, this rich dessert will satisfy your sweet tooth craving. It had different textures. The pudding was nice and soft and there were layers of Krispy Kreme donuts on top and it was crispy! It had sauce drizzled on top. It was incredible! I would come here just to order that and that would make me happy.
The downside was the portions were small. Pretty pricey for small portions but packed with lots of flavor. But I won't deduct stars or points for that because I wasn't overly stuffed nor was I still hungry leaving. This place was definitely worth visiting! Service was great. Compliments to the chef!Boucherie reigns supreme as my #1 favorite, classy, restaurant in New Orleans. I have been here several times and the combination of price and quality just can't be beat. It is an intimate setting so reservations (probably several weeks ahead) are an absolute must. From the boudin balls to the pork belly, pulled pork to duck everything I have had here has been mouthwatering and I could eat over and over again. The varying amuse bouches before the meal are also a lovely touch. I love restaurants where you order a variety of things, eat everything on the plate, and don't feel overly stuffed at the end and this is exactly what happens at Boucherie. I have also sampled several of their deserts and while they have been delish I do think the portion sizes on these were a bit out of step with the rest of the meal. Also the service has always been top notch.
Love, love, love Boucherie and am thrilled to be able to eat there as often as possible.Just had the most amazing lunch! Everything was excellent and our waiter John Henry was so kind and helpful! OBVIOUSLY the bread pudding is TO DIE FOR!!!!!!!!!!! they topped it with blueberry ice cream for us! Thanks y'all!Fine dinning for less. Great food. Love the duck. Great for dates. Get a reservation.
Ohhhh and BoB!I really enjoyed EVERYTHING I got to eat here! The boudin balls were my favorite I have to say. It's like the perfect bite of all the flavors you want to try while visiting New Orleans, not to mention the amazing bread pudding! The service was great, and I also did not feel too much like a tourist here. Definitely coming back on my next visit!!Really, really good food. We had a lunch there on a late saturday afternoon. It's a small place sort of hidden from the main drag (and quite a ways from the touristy parts of town). The service was friendly and attentive. 
So, now the food, 
- Free appetizers : Parsnip and pumpkin soup. Yum
- Barbecue shrimp po'boy :One of the best sandwiches I have had in a long long time. The sauce is not your usual barbecue sauce. It's this yummy, tangy sauce that your tongue is going to miss for days.
- Roast beef po'boy : Yummy. Slow roasted beef (12 hours), horceradish cream and pickled onion. Need I say more?
They have a small but good selection of beers as well. Including my old favorite, fuller's porter.Everything was incredibly tasty here, I'm so glad the cab recommended this local hangout. The cocktails - Sofia Loren with Russian vodka was tiny but a powerful drink. The garlic, Parmesan fries were addicting. The wagyu steak was cooked perfectly and very tender. I had to take a star away since it took a long time for us to get our food. But it was the most flavorful food I tasted in NOLA and will revisit next time I'm there! Enjoy and reservations are recommended since it's not a big place.I just returned from a girls weekend trip to New Orleans and Boucherie was our BEST meal down there.  
Boucherie is quaint and so adorable...only 10 tables!  We were promptly seated and greeted by our server.  He was very knowledgeable and really seemed to take pride in his job.  He said, "we know we have a lot of competition in New Orleans, so we're honored you chose to dine here."  So refreshing!  
Our group of 5 ended up ordering a few small plates to share and then each got our own large plate.  Everything was wonderful.  The boudin balls, shrimp, duck confit were all amazing.  For my main course I got the brisket which was melt in your mouth.  
The wine selection was also great.  We ended up getting a Greek rose and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I will recommend Boucherie to anyone I know making a trip to New Orleans.There's enough reviews here to tell you what to expect on the menu and from the service. I'll just say this: After months of friends giving me exasperating looks when I said we had not tried Boucherie yet, we went on a whim....and...if you drag your feet like I did, you'll only be doing yourself a disservice. It is a wonderful little place. If you like ciders at all, they have a unique cider served in a soda canister that is superb.
Update, last night I had a bone marrow sauce and shard on a homemade pasta here. This morning I want to lick my own face in the hope of a discovering a missing flavor morsel. Yeah. its like that. Service is always pleasant and excellent here too.I dined at Boucherie during a recent visit to New Orleans and had a great experience.
First of all, the restaurant was a bit hard to get to since there were several road closures and our cab driver didn't seem to know where he was going. The area around the restaurant seems like it could be a little rough around the edges, but the restaurant itself is very cute. It looks like it used to be a house and has been converted into a restaurant.
We arrived about half an hour before our reservation and decided to have a drink at the bar. It's quite a small restaurant, but I liked the cozy feel. At the bar, my party ordered the boudin balls, which I highly recommend (especially with the apple cider bbq sauce that the bartender offered up).
After transferring to our table for dinner, I ordered the arugula salad (which I split with a colleague) and the grilled wahoo. The wahoo came with corn grits, and grilled wild mushrooms. The fish was delicious! However, I sampled a few of my colleagues' meals and I have to say, the pulled pork cake was by far my favorite. The ribs were amazing too.
To wrap up the meal, we ordered the Krispy Kreme bread pudding and the Thai Chili Chocolate Chess Pie. The bread pudding was very sweet, but enjoyable. The chocolate pie was the perfect combination of spicy and sweet.
The food at Boucherie is great (perfect portions, lots of flavor) but the best thing is the price. It's fine dining at a very reasonable price. I'll be visiting again if my travels take me through New Orleans in the future.Here at Boucherie we had the Crispy Cream bread pudding and it was great 5/5 stars! And another added bonus we meet the head chef Zimet ,and he was very nice. All in all a great experience for my first time in New Orleans and this restaurant!Love love love this place. So far best meal I've had in NOLA!!!  It was so good, I literally got out of my cab and had to write the review about this place.
Now i know why it is so hard to get a reservation here.  Cute little house that is now a restaurant.
Servers are awesome attentive and know the menu.
What did I have....
Crispy Skin Duck Confit - Yes the skin was crispy.  Yes it was flavorful....no it wasn't greasy and fatty feeling.  Amazing
Main dish was Scallops - Best scallops I've had (and I've had my share of scallops)
GO TO Boucherie!Just finished an amazing lunch with 2 friends - probably one of the best meals we've had collectively on this trip to NOLA that includes meals at August, Herbsaint etc.
We started off with the house Bloody Mary's with absolutely delicious pickled okra.  Okra would be way more popular if people tried it like this.  The shrimp and grit cakes app was just a harmony of flavors and the shrimp perfectly cooked.  The mussels also good but not as good as the shrimp.  We shared that huge bowl of unbelievably perfectly cooked frites - honestly they don't need the cheese - these fries are perfect plain.  Yum yum yum.  We were only going to eat a few but wiped the bowl clean.
For our main course - the duck po' boy was delicious - perfectly cooked duck, nice pickle but the sandwich needed something for the bread - there is no sauce/condiment on it.  The pork cake with cabbage super yummy and the Cuban sandwich was like no Cubano I've had in NYC but so delicious and the bread house made.
Our stomachs groaned but we couldn't leave without trying the Krispy Kreme bread pudding and thank goodness!  You have to have this if you go.  Way lighter than expected and perfectly complemented with a scoop of the house vanilla ice cream.I have many happy and delicious memories here! The greens are my favorite in the whole city. The broth is amazing and the grit cake soaks it up. I always recommend whatever porkchop is on the menu. Always great, delicious flavor. I also like the brisket and fries and the mussels. Passion for food and flavor here! Basically anything you'll order will be great. The last time I went for dinner and lunch I will say our service was very slow. However, sometimes this happens and I assume it'll all be smoothed out. Friendly staff and good food warrants my patience. Definitely not a quick meal but it'll sure be an enjoyable one!Here in NOLA for a conference, Boucherie was a recommendation from a colleague otherwise would have never found this excitingly delicious,  amazingly priced beautiful establishment.  This restaurant is an old how renovation of a house sat within a residential street. The food was absolutely amazing and the prices were astonishingly reasonible compared to the French Quarter. 
Cocktails and beer selection was excellent and every cocktail came out to the table with fabulous presentation as did the tasty small plates and dinner plates.   I had the pulled pork cake, and my partner had the ribs and the duck confit with baklava( best duck confit I've ever had). Friends at the table had the brisket and Scallops, everyones plates were cleaned off. My partner is lactose intolerant and they whipped up a delicious Plantain with  figs and  pecan butter ( delicious!).
Would recommend this place and will be back if return to NOLA.I had the brisket, scallops, mussels, ribs, and bread pudding. All the food was absolutely delicious and has been since they originally opened up around the corner. The real standouts are the brisket w/ fries and the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. The ambience is nothing to compare with the original location though. The new location is loud and just doesn't carry over the same feel that was loved by many. At least they still serve many of the plates that got them where they are today. Service hasn't been very good the last couple of times I have stopped through for dinner. 4 stars for the loud acoustics and shoddy service.