This is a fantastic restaurant  It's in the Bywater near the river in a great fun neighborhood.    They have a pork shank dinner on Sunday that is a don't miss.  It is huge and the skin is crispy and delicious. I know that they marinate it for at least one and probably 2 days.   Any other day, the drunken pig sandwich is worth the drive. All of the sides are great such as crawfish remoulade slaw and more.   The brown gravy on the mashed is excellent.   Warm German potato salad, yum.  There is a small amount of seating inside, maybe 7 or 8 high top tables, and they have plenty of space at the picnic tables outside and are dog friendly.     You can also get a slice or pizza to go at Pizza Delicious next door, I always do.      They are one of the highest rated pizza places.Really good pretzel - had with the beer cheese dip and cream cheese horseradish dip. They have a serious food production going on in the kitchen which makes me think they are hoppin for dinner!Don't let the name scare you away. We had the pork schnitzel sandwich with fries and the bratwurst with warm potato salad. They have New Orleanized the food, German schnitzel comes on a good bread with hot mustard and pickles. This had slaw instead and was on a roll. The food was good. We had a weissbier and a Bavarian ale. Very good.  I would go back. Good food and good beer. Next trip I'd probably try the jagerschnitzel.  Looking at the menu it looks like they prepare it exactly like they do in Germany.We've been here a few times and we're about to bring a large group of friends this evening who have been dying to try it out. This place has a great Biergarten that really makes me remember my times spent in Germany (albeit we're much warmer)!  The owner is from Berlin and the dishes are delicious!  We love the Jaegar Schnitzel and Currywurst. There's great German Biers and traditional shots. And we love the pretzels with the different dips. All in a nice garden setting in New Orleans. My husband is from Bremen Germany and he loves this place. The owner has been there each time we went and he always comes out to talk to his customers. I'm so glad he opened this place - it's a real German treat!I am so happy that New Orleans finally has a place like that. I love Schnitzel and wurst, and this place fills those cravings. The Pretzel is great (if maybe needing a touch of butter), the beer selection good, and the atmosphere nice. The things that really surprised me weren't the headliners though; The warm Potato Salad, Red Cabbage, and Strudel are all mind-blowingly good.I went there after I found this on yelp looking for German food, and when I mentioned it to my brother, he told me that he met Sven, and that he is also from Germany, so I didn't think twice.This was my first time here, so it might just be a bad day, but the Hunter Schnitzel my brother and I had tasted burned. I guess they put Red Wine in the sauce what was new to me. I like the whip cream kind of sauce.Interessting, but not my thing. The server lady was nice, so no complains there. I wish they had some german drinks like Fassbrause or Berliner weisse. And no refills.I'll go there again, so I can hopefully give them five stars.Cool little place in an area that they now refer to as By Water. The area looks different since I was a kid and certainly the feel and ambiance is different since the influx of new Residents to the area and Katrina rewiting the landscape. We stopped in after eating next door and had some of the best Pastry of it's kind. German influence in the air. We were too full after dinner for Beer, but will definitely be back for a few items off the menu. Apple Strudel was a hit.Amazing authentic German food. Prices seem a little high, but the portions and quality and taste make this place worth it.  Split the bratwurst burger, which satisfied every German craving all in one bite.  Also split the Nola Schnitzel that combined a snitzel with a crawfish coleslaw that really created a mouthwatering combination and perfect mouthfeel. The sides might not be worth the cost (as sides are separate unless you get a plate/platter), but the flavors were so authentic and delicious,  I sadly wanted to cry because I had to leave some in my plate (I was just too full).  The ambiance is pretty cool if you can find the place, as the neighborhood is lind of sketchy.  But they did a great job offering places to sit, including a pretty cool outside biergarten with lights, a great place to sit on a hot night with a cold German beer (over 8on tap) and a shot of ice cold Jaeger.I brought a big group here and we all enjoyed it! There were items for every budget. I'm not a pretzel eater but the ones at Bratz Y'all made me a fan. The Brie dip was so delicious! I also had the pork shank, which was amazing. It was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, and had a lot of meat on it. I'm not really a fan of potato dumplings in general so I traded with a friend. She gave me her potato salad (not the German kind) and I loved it, it was so creamy and had a nice dill flavor. I really, really wanted to try the spaghetti eis but I was so full from everything else! Beer and wine selections were good.
I also can't praise the staff enough. The two women at the front are so genuinely helpful and welcoming, I felt like they sincerely wanted us to have a great experience. Mark (the owner or manager) was also very nice in accommodating my group and came over to thank us. The guys who run the food out to the tables were a little gruff, and didn't take dirty plates back with them when they dropped off food to the tables. 
The fans and umbrellas go a long way to making it cool and pleasant outside, we were very comfortable for it being a warm July evening.
Parking was easy, I parked at Crescent Park.
I can see myself spending many summer evenings here!Loved this place! The outside area was nice and pet friendly. I ordered the sausage on pretzel bun and it was flavorful/filling. You will absolutely get your money worth and pass a good evening. I wanted to try dessert, however I couldn't this time because the serving from dinner was large. I will return and try the hunter schnitzel and recommend to anyone looking for German cuisineGood beer, good pretzel, okay sausage sandwich. The sausage was a bit dried out and the bread was a bit crumbly. Nice biergarten and atmosphere!Wunderbar! I was very impressed with the look and the food. How great an addition to Bywater. Once one of New Orleans German suburbs, from what I have been told. Can't say enough about how good it was. Schnitzel, brats, beer cooked pork. All good. Potato salad and mashed. Clean fresh and tasty. Can't wait to go back for pretzels. Hoping they will extend their baked goods also.Great hot sausage and pork sandwiches: the Berliner, the Nuremberger and, especially, the Drunk Pig are to die for! The beer garden outside is really pleasant, but there's also seating inside. The wine pours are generous, but there is also what I'm guessing is an interesting array of German beers (I'm not a beer drinker). Prices are good. I highly recommend.Great beer (1L/$10). Tasty pretzel.
Lots of food that I have to go back and try.
A corn hole set.
Lots of seating (good for large groups). Great place to hangout with friends on a more mellow night.
I'll be back.This was so good y'all Anna the cashier was so friendly and super sweet. We ate the King Bratz, Drunken Pig and The Berlin the King was our favorite we also ate the German chocolate cake and abs had two fresh Hefeweizen beers! I do wish they had better ventilation it was raining so we couldn't eat outside but they do there best with an air system. The staff was very friendly and we loved the food beers and atmosphere! Thanks Y'all! We will be back!This is such a great addition to the city. I have loved their food ever since  I first discovered them at Feret St and am so glad they now have a place to go to where we can get a great  sausage not to mention a saurkraut like I've never tasted!. Gotta try it!!! Love the location too!Had the pork brat with the caramelized onions and kraut and it being delicious is an understatement!Food is phenomenal, love the pretzels, and I could bathe in the obatzda dip... Brie and Caraway? Take all my money now. Relaxed setting, great outdoor area and lots of good German brew. Can't go wrong with this one!Yum yum yum I love it. So good. So authentic. Such beer. Much meat. Chicken schnitzel for the non porkers. Hallelujah.Very authentic. The beers are good and the decor fits the genre well. The schnitzel is soooo good. My bf got it and I had to stop myself from stealing it off of his plate! I had the Berliner, it was delicious. I don't care for the ketchup so much (I'm a mustard person, don't like sweet) but I added mustard and it was really good. LOVED the German potato salad. We will definitely go back there and try more!Dropping a client off at Bratz is how I found out about them. I couldn't wait to stop back by on my own time and try them out. Man how I wanted to love this place!!!
Alright let's go. Decor is German inspired. They have some indoor seating but, the majority is outdoors. Biergarten feel. They have a bike rack, just fyi.
They have a few German liquors and beers,  bottle and tap. I'm not a beer drinker but, I posted some photos. I did try the Kuemmerling shot though. If you like jager give it a go. It has some similar notes. There is a bite that hits you at the end and can linger. A couple sips of water or other and you're good. lol
I ordered the Nuernberger. I was so excited. I knew what I wanted before I got there. It was a disappointment though. It wasn't hot, room temperature and I don't know just nothing to brag about.
My biggest gripe was the cashier. Don't get me wrong she was nice but, a little more training may be in order. A customer asked how to pronounce something on the menu. She proceeded to say "I don't know. Blah blahzay" and some weird gurgulling noise. Offensive much???? If you're German inspired respect the culture. Train your people properly.  How to read the menu should be basics 101.  Who knows the background of someone standing in line. Smh.
Fyi. If dogs aren't your thing or other people's dogs while eating, eat inside. Lol some people let them roam free.
I love schnitzel so I may give Bratz another shot but, I'm in no rush.I love, love, love Bratz Y'all!, and not just because I'm German and originally hail from the land of brats and beer. I love the atmosphere, either outside in the beer garden, or inside with the dainty mock windows with views of the Alps. I enjoy the variety of German beers on tap offered in a array of sizes. The menu is simple, but vast enough to have something for everyone. Last of all, but certainly not least, is the refreshing selection of schnapps that we always order, because I know of no other restaurant and bar that offers Caraway schnapps! Wunderbar!First timer and hit them for a late lunch. It was so good! I had nurnburger (sic) on pretzel bun and oma's potato salad. Loved it! Very nice people there! I saw maybe a half dozen German beers on tap and a patio area outside. Look so inviting! I will be going back to try different things.Kinda accidentally discovered this place on social media and very glad I did..on Saturday we had the King Brat with potato salad, the Weisswurst sweet mustard and a fresh baked pretzel and a side of red cabbage  ...washed down with a sangria and Franziskaner Weissbier....everything was spot on delicious and exceeded our expectations, not really being too familiar with German food. The staff were all super friendly and attentive, creating a very enjoyable laid-back atmosphere...can't wait to get back!Good German beer selection. Tasty sausages and meats. Best sauerkraut I've had in a very long time. The Sunday pork shank was delicious and enough for two people or one bear. Enjoyed the German red wines but they need to be kept somewhere cooler, on Sunday was about 78 inside, not the ideal.Currywurst and a 1 liter stein of Hof Brau? Sign me up. It's about time we had a biergarten serving German food in Nola! The sausages are on point and the beer and wine selection fills a rare culinary void in Nola.
Will be interested to see if they ever bring a polka band to play in the outdoor space.Brats is awesome! Food is great atmosphere perfect relaxing social space and One of the chefs in the in the kitchen is HoTT!!!!Tried this place out over the weekend and was really impressed. I had the King Brat (cheddar stuffed sausage wrapped in bacon- need I say more?) It was delicious and a good size. My fiancé got the pork platter and said everything was really good except he was expecting more food for the price ($16) The beers were good and there was a good selection. My only advice would be to note on the menu if the beers are only available during certain months! And also some things are a little pricey but all in all a great experience.Outstanding brats, beer and sides! I had the Nurnberger with a side of potato salad and a pretzel to go. Y'all gotta try this place out. Delicious!!!!!I don't know what to say and I can't remember what I ordered. I've had a few things. This place rocked my face off. I met the owner or chef. Likely the same thing. German guy that knows A guy that knows a guy that I knew. Man this place is top notch. Have yet to try the 'plates'. I always end up with a sandwich. But I'll update when I do. This place is killerOh my yes. 
Drunk Pig was superb. Think spicy mustard and onions pot roast on a roll. Beer pairing superb. Warm German potato salad superb. Service superb. Restaurant charming. 
Superb! Do not hesitate. Eat.I lived in Germany for some time, and I often miss the food. Bratz Y'all was the perfect remedy for that! The only thing that would have made my experience feel more authentically German would have been ordering auf Deutsch and being back around the German language.
The beer is not as cheap as in Germany (a girl can dream), but average prices for New Orleans. When you consider that these beers are imported, they are super inexpensive! You can even buy a Mass, which is a whole Liter of beer, a Bavarian specialty. I was particularly excited about seeing Reissdorf Koelsch on the menu, because I lived in Cologne for a bit, and I rarely see that particular brand here!
I ordered the kid's meal of pork sausage in a bun and fries because I wasn't very hungry, and it hit the spot along with a piece of my friend's epic pretzel. Everything was fresh, well made, and authentic! Including the curry ketchup on the table and selection of Schnapps available. The service was great and fast, especially considering the long line that was forming.
This review would be five stars on its own, but the thing that really made me excited was the fact that they had SPAGHETTI EIS! Every German child's (and possibly adult's) favorite dessert! It's vanilla ice cream shaped like spaghetti, strawberries, and white chocolate shavings on top. Such a fun treat that made me realize a German person must be in charge of the place. 
Pro tip: Order Spaghetti Eis like a true German by pronouncing it "Shpaghetti Ice".
My only wish is that there was a way to get Schnitzel without egg wash here, because I am allergic to eggs.We used to love to see these guys pop up at Freret and other functions! It was even better to eat with them tonight at their brick and mortar place. Great German food and beverages, and also a great location! Best German fare in NOLA !!  We will be back regularly!!Great outdoor seating, good food, and great service. They have board games for to keep kids occupied. I will be back.A great selection of German beer and food. I feel the portions are a bit small for the price, but still giving five stars because it was all so delectable.Perfect for a Saturday afternoon.  REAL German pretzels and beer with gourmet dips, I loved the Horseradish & herb pretzel dip.  Also got a bratz poorboy - deeeelish!My husband is German and very hard to please when it comes to German food. Everything has to be perfect, and here it was! The pork shank he ordered was so big he couldn't even finish it. Luckily I had some room left and dug in. If you are there on a Sunday definitely spend the extra money and get the shank. Beyond that everything was great and very well priced. The owner was even sweet enough to sell us frozen Leberkäse. So worth the walk there! You won't be disappointed!We found this restaurant during a recent visit to New Orleans a couple weeks ago from Texas.  I loved the schnitzel and sauerkraut that I ordered.  My husband loved the sausage plate.  The pretzels are the best I have ever hard.  It was very welcoming atmosphere and the staff was great.  We will definately go back every time we visit the area.We have been looking for an opportunity to eat here since they opened and finally made it. We had schnitzel, 2 kinds of potato salad, pork sausage, sauerkraut, and pretzel bun--all top notch. The outside biergartens would be great if it wasn't pouring down rain. Also washed down with the black lager and dunkel.Super cute place in the back on Piety street beside pizza delicious... delish food here and "bier" selection as well!Having lived in Germany for 6 years I am quite fond of their food and culture. I love this restaurant! Authentic cuisine with an American touch. The curry ketchup is the bomb. Friendly service and ample seating inside or out in the beer garden.They are doing it all fresh on site - so i am a fan before the first bite. The staff are gorgeous and super friendly - yeap , I said that. The menu is exactly what you would expect from a German food hall and then with a clean fresh twist. The location is funky fresh too. I'll be coming back for sure.Super friendly and courteous staff! Great food too! Ordered to go and they packaged the order with love, very impressed and will return to eat in as the dining room was a great atmosphere.Bratz y'all is one of my favorite places. It's has the cutest outdoor patio(with multiple fans that help for hot days). The staff is incredibly friendly and the food is the bomb. One of the coolest places in the city to eat at!Bratz Y'all is killin' it. I've been few times now and they never disappoint! Be sure to try the bacon cheddar pretzel for starters...feeds two easily...just eat quickly before the cheese gets cool. The "king brat" is my fave, "the Nuremberger" is a close second. Great outdoor eating space, inside is less special, but not bad! Good beer selection and fun extras (desserts, jerky). The sauer kraut is GREAT. Go check it out.Great selection of German beers that you can't get anywhere else in Nola. The soft pretzels were huge and very tasty. Can't wait to go back when the weather cools off a little more.There is not nearly enough good German food available in the US, but Bratz Y'all is working to change that.  The real deal: great food, perfect little beer garden outside, delicious meats, and of course, the right beer, all topped off with good service and reasonable prices.  Highly recommend!
If you're familiar with the German word "Gemütlichkeit", this is a good place to find it!The schnitzel was the schitzel, but I couldn't find the hammocks. I was told there would be hammocks in the beer garten, but it must have been a bring-your-own-hammock situation because I didn't see any hammocks. I know the owners of this place, and I wonder why they got rid of the hammocks. Must have been their call.This is definitely my go-to spot for German cuisine in New Orleans for now and forever. I had the 'King Brat' along with a Pretzel with a special cheese dip they make. I also sampled some of my friends Sauerkraut and Mashed Potatoes. All hit the spot just right. I was particularly impressed with the hint of sweetness and texture of the Sauerkraut, I have never been a Sauerkraut person, but here I love it. The service staff were very friendly and accommodating. Next time, I may even have to bring my dog. I will certainly be making more trips here in the future and recommending it to out of town visitors and friends.Good, hearty food that is filling and satisfying.  Their gravy is dark and heady...overpowers the delicate potatoes that it is served with.  The schnitzel was crispy but so thin, it was more breading than meat.  Hubby loved the brats and the pretzels and the German beer selection is greatTheir sausages are terrific, especially the drunk pig which, despite its name, is a sophisticated dish (the pork is marinated for a long time in an unusual mixture of herbs and beer), but also the Nurenberger, etc. You can eat inside or outside, but these days, the outside tables are hard to resist. Prices are very reasonable, and the glasses of wine are generous (I'm not a beer drinker). I highly recommend.Was hoping for good German food.   I was way disappointed.  Dumplings were not good.  Potato salad wasn't German - was dill.  Not good.  As a beer garden this place would be fun but the food was not.Great place for authentic German food! Sausage was perfectly seasoned pretzel roll was fantastic! Make sure you try the sides the gravy was so good you will want to drink it. The German potato salad was almost as good as the one we make.This is one of my favorite places to eat in NOLA when I want something different! The beer is always cold and the food is amazing! You can't go wrong with pretzels with beer cheese! My favorite thing to get though is the bratwurst platter. The sides are super good as well! You can't go wrong with anything here.The pretzels are absolutely amazing let's get this out-of-the-way. The food overall is great. The beer is amazing, you do need to keep expanding brands. The outdoor seating is awesome. You need to expand an area for the kids to play. Also, make use of the window. That would be a cool place to pick up beers only and leave the food ordering inside. This is a fantastic restaurant, I will be back.If you in the mood for some German beer and sausage or a tasty pretzel this place hits the spot.  Friendly staff and nice atmosphere next to Pizza Delicious yard.  Sauerkraut and  mustard on the pork sausage with pretzel bun that I ordered blended perfectly.This is the best German food I've had outside of Germany.  Better than our favorite biergartens in NYC & Astoria.  Where else can you get the actual owner, from Bavaria, cooking your food for you?  I feel like we were guests in his home.  The Weisswurst is spectacular, as is the Weinerschnitzel.  The pretzels are next level & their kitchen is impeccably clean.  Staff is very friendly & efficient.  We can't wait to become regulars.My husband and I stopped by last week for dinner and have been raving about it so much we want back this weekend. He's German (-American) so this makes him all warm and fuzzy with memories of his grandparents and the food he ate growing up. It gives me some beer-stein fueled flashbacks to the couple of visits I've made to Munich for Oktoberfest over the years.
My favorite things: 
Pretzel with cheese melted all over it
the Drunk Pig
The Berliner
all the beers
all the schnaps
the amazing outdoor seating on a lovely New Orleans afternoon
And my most favorite thing: I can bring my dog! (as long as he stays outside on the patio)Cold and stale waste of money. I can hear my German ancestors crying over this disgrace.Great. Go!
I lived in Germany for a number of years and was starved for real German food.
This is as good as you are going to get
Big assortment of German beers, especially the dark ones, which I loveWhat a fantastic place. You can see the ownerships love shine through in the product offered. The pretzels are to die for! The mustards are ridiculous and the German beer selection is far and above anywhere else in the city! Bring your dog, sit in the courtyard and put down your phone! Just enjoy yourself!
Its something to talk about!This place was delicious, my favorites were the pretzel dipped in their spicy garlic mayo and the fries dipped in their curry ketchup. I loved the feel of the place as you walk in, flowers and sunshine. T'was a great find.One word..... Awesome!! Great food and drinks!!!  Very laid back. Staff is great and so are customers. Highly recommend this place to anyoneSo yeah, I grew up in an extremely German city where German food or steak were the only fine dining options. I am here to tell you, as a now long-time New Orleanian, Bratz Y'all is a gem. THE best pretzel I've ever had, even in Germany. The NOLA schnitzel sandwich is the best non-poboy in the city. Lately I've been trying to lay off the bread so the schnitzel platter has been my choice, subbing the potato salad duo for spaetzle and dumplings. The dumplings are potatoes infused with some kind of magic and coated in their rich, decadent brown gravy. I hope the locals appreciate this place because it has everything anyone should want - beer garden, sausages, great music and fair prices.Must have came on an off day. The place looks nice, but the swirled sausage (I tried to look it up on their site but saw nothing listed that described it)  was gristly and dry. The beer was ok.  They really need to get someone to clean the tables more often. They day we went, the tables were filled with stuff but only about 10 people were sitting there.
May try again sometime, because as a sausage maker, I know things don't always go perfect.This place is so good. The beer selection is great and the food is top notch. I got the schnitzel and some bratz with Apple ketchup topped with crispy onions and holy shit it was amazing! This is now my go to spot for a casual drink with friendsBEST (German) sausage I've had! The juiciest meat, excellent sear/coating, and it was filled with cheesy goodness. Just sooo delicious. 
I personally wasn't a fan of the apricot sauce (not a fan of the sweetness with the saltiness of the sausage) so I could have just eaten it without any condiments!I'm only giving 3 stars. I ordered my sandwiches from door dash. If I had picked them up myself I probably wouldn't have had a problem but most likely I still would have. I ordered 2 of the Doner with steak. The meat was delicious and the dressing BUT one of my sandwiches had half the meat on it as the other one. I thought I'd try to work it out with the manager but unfortunately he wasn't available and never returned my call. 
I would recommend this sandwich bc it did taste good. Just make sure you check your orders before you leave otherwise they will jip you. And then you'll be wondering like me if you want to go back.Ok it's the only thing like it around and the food is good. My only complaint is that the rolls for the sausages are mass produced standard rolls. It detracts greatly from the quality of the sandwich. The German draft beer selection is awesome. Next time I would order a platter.Love this place ! Food is delicious ! Yard is pleasant. Music is great when they have it. Super fun place.What a great place!!! The food was outstanding!!! The girls that worked behind the counter were so friendly and helpful....being a first timer. They're suggestions were on POINT!!! I ordered a grapefruit beer for the wifey and I ordered a liter of what was suggested! By the way...the young lady let me try a couple of the taps to see which one I liked the most...SWEET!!! The food came out hot and fresh...it was DELICIOUS!!! Let's start with the pretzels...we had a regular salted pretzel and a cheese pretzel along with two dips...the Bavarian Caraway Brie & the Beer Cheese (which are $3.00 extra each...but are a nice size and totally worth it). All I have to say is..WOW!!! My wifey ordered the King Brat and I went with the Nürnberger!!! Both were OUTSTANDING!!! Definitely... recommend Bratz Y'all for everyone to try.... you won't be disappointed!!! Can't wait to go back to try some of the other items on the menu!!! Oh almost forgot....the curry ketchup, German mustard and spicy garlic mayo were the hidden stars of the day as well...LOL!!! After all that Great food...we walked it off by going across the street to The Crescent Park!!! Do yourself a favor and give this place a try!!!Well well well. Looking here. Talk about finding a hidden gem. We almost couldn't find it and there it was. A little bit of Bavaria in Cajun land. 
So I have been to Germany a few times but that doesn't make me an expert sooooo, I brought in the expert. My German Frau  needless to say she was quite amazed with the authenticity. 
Food was great, atmosphere was awesome and the beer, well it hit the spot. 
Bring your kids, bring your dog and definitely bring your appetite. 
This Biergarten is definitely a must try over and over again.Definitely had the German beir garden atmosphere and the food is spot on like what we had in Munich! Delicious! The pork shank was awesome! Literally, exactly like they cook it in Munich. 
The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable. We walked up to order and only had one family in front of us. We ordered the pork shank, weisswurst, schnitzel, & pretzels with bacon and cheese. For dessert we got the Apple Strudel. Everything was good! 
Nice selection of German beers on tap and by the bottle. 
The staff was very friendly!Totally Awesome Real German food like my mom made me in Munich!!! Stopped by for lunch the British girl was so friendly at the Beer Garden as we sat outside !!! Brought me back home as a kid with the smells & the Beer don't get me Started had Forearm Contest with my Gf!!! Hahaha 
Definitely Stopping by Again !!!This place is dope af. Beer. Bratz, schnitzel, and some  dank ass taters. You won't rugrat going to this place. Screw Dat dog. Bratz y'all! FTWWhat a gem in the rough.  We found this small place after having a meal else where.  Not being hungry, drinks is what we were after.  While they don't have a full bar, they have the best of German beers, wines and German shots.  I stuck to the beer and my wife had some Sangria.  While we drank our several drinks we saw a bunch of good looking food being served.  Now I wish I had saved room for some food. Definitely will do next time.  The majority of the seating is outside in the bier garden, but there are several tables inside.  The restrooms were very clean.  This is definitely a reason to head to the Bywater.Wow, deliciousness. My husband and I just didn't want to cook on this cold rainy night, So we finally gave Bratz Y'all a try. We are both so glad we did. We phoned in our order, the girl on the phone was delightful. We ordered the beef goulash (I don't have the proper name for it). The car was filled with a wonderous smell on the way home. It was a large portion of tender melt in your mouth roast beef, in a silky sauce that was a mystery of well combined flavors. The creamy mash potatoes were the perfect side dish along with the red cabbage that tasted exotic.  I felt like I must be dining in Bavaria. I can't wait to go back and try the sausage sandwich with the caraway slaw, and the apple strudel.Bratz Y'all is sehr lecker! 
As I write this it's opening weekend for them and I think they're a great addition to the neighborhood. The restaurant looks like a nice beer garden, with tables both inside and out and lovely plants hanging around. You order at the counter inside and they bring your food out to the table. They have all of the great Germanic meat favorites - currywurst and schnitzel and bratwursts galore. And of course, an extensive German beer & liqueurs menu to complement your meal.
For starters we had a cheese pretzel and opted to get the horseradish herb dip to accompany it. I thought the dip was a little light on the horse, heavy on the radish so if you're looking for something that's clean and bright tasting without much of a kick than this is the thing for you. 
For the main course I got the king brat sandwich - smoked pork sausage stuffed with white cheddar, wrapped in bacon, and topped with apricot-chili sauce and crispy onions, all nestled in a Leidenheimer bun. It. Was. So. Good. The sausage had a nice snap to it and the flavors overall worked really well with each other. It wasn't spicy at all even though the sauce had chilis in it, those gave more of a gentle heat to the overall dish. My friend got the neurnburger sandwich and raved about it - the sausage itself is twice as long as the bun it comes on (which looks a little funny, I'll admit, and of course a joke or two was made about it because even though we're grownups we were also once twelve years old) and is nearly drowned in sauerkraut and caramelized onions. 
We got a slice of apple strudel for dessert, and while it was also as delicious as anything else we'd eaten, I felt like it could have been a little cheaper for the size of the piece we got. But it was also the best apple strudel I've had in New Orleans, ever, so I won't complain THAT much about the price. 
Overall, definitely an enjoyable meal and I look forward to working my way down the menu. I've had wurst ideasI'm always a huge fan of German Beer Gardens, the line was long because of the parade for Krampus! Beer always taste better in a large Stein, hard to decide what to eat we choose the The Drunk pig, & a beer Brat, good pretzel looks to be all house made in the back!!  Well worth the visit, nice little comunity of localsPersonal friends with the business owners, and I've never been more excited for a new venue. This place is absolutely amazing, and the people are even better. If you're able to, please try the NOLA schnitzel, it will change your life with its crawfish coleslaw. The homemade apple strudel cannot be passed up either. Don't forget to try to sangria (all flavors are wonderful). Would give 10 stars if it were an option.