Broussard's was pretty good when I went there a few weeks ago. I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I took my parents out to dinner.  I knew going in that Broussards is a very old skool New Orleans restaurant, and it is very nice when you walk in to see the old tile on the walls in the foyer of the building. The courtyard is beautiful and I just had to turn into a tourist and take a picture in front of the fountain with my mom. We were seated and very promptly greeted by the drink guy.  He brought us our water and told us about the extensive wine list, but they were of course out of the Pinot Grigio that I ordered.  He successfully suggested a Chardonnay for me instead and I was happy. The head waiter came out and explained with great detail the specials for the night, but I went for menu regulars, the maytag blue cheese salad and the pecan crusted drum. I wanted more salad, it was so good, I ate it up so fast. The drum was excellent too. It had this soy butter sauce on it that was so good and topped with crawfish. I was definitely happy with my meal and glad I had the experience. What makes me knock off two stars is that though the foyer's vintage appeal is nice and the courtyard is beautiful, I feel like the dining room needs an upgrade.  The chandeliers on the walls in the main dining room are very reminiscent of the hallways of my grandmother's assisted living home. I think its just one of those places I am glad to say I've been to, but I don't think I will choose to go there again.Hands down one of the best dining experiences ever, and this was with 10 people. 
Great pompano, great salad, great cocktails, great service.  The Pompano Broussards was seriously one of the best pieces of fish I've ever had, seasoned well, a light - not overpowering - sauce, flaky and not over done.  
Outstanding service, beautifully appointed dining room.  What I expected dining in the French Quarter to be like.
GO HERE.Seven of us came to celebrate a family event-our waiter Rene was the best-sharp, witty and made us feel like family.  Unfortunately, the food did not-two people ordered the seafood bouillabaisse and both said it was tasteless.  Fish that was served was just ok-we thought we had walked into the movie set of Ratatouille before the young chef had been allowed to cook.  The dessert was frozen solid so it had to be returned.  The food was disappointing but Rene was a showman who did his best.I dont really know exactly how I ended here... It was last Saturday, there was a parade.. I was going to have lunch at Bourbon house but changed my mind, galatoire's but changed my mind, arnaud's but changed my mind ( damn you french quarter for having so many dining choices!!!!) and I somehow ended at Broussards. It was pretty much empty for lunch and I immeditaly wanted to leave because the floor was really slippery and I was wearing heels. My friend made me stay...
I decided to make the best of it and even though the lunch menu was EXTREMELY limited,  I ordered a crab cake burger and he opted for a muffaletta.
And we proceeded to wait, and wait, and wait. My patience was tested because there were literally only two tables and how long does it really take to make some sandwhiches????? Of course my friend just commented on how I have a flair for the dramatic because he was sucking down manhattans like it was his job... so it was all good for him.
When our food finally arrived... it was actually good. The crab cake was delicious and the muffaletta was yummy...  but probably will not be coming back here in this lifetime :/First off, I am not a tourist to New Orleans so when I make a reservation I expect to not be rushed through my meal when the restaurant is 1/2 empty and I know they aren't waiting to turn over the table to another customer. Second, I was appalled when the singing trio came to our table and placed thier carafe to put tips into right in front of me. Most restaurants have the entertainment located in one area and people can go up and request them to come to their table personally to entertain with a song or two and they can pay them. I understand the restaurant may have thought it was a nice touch to have them go table to table but lose the jar.  If people enjoy it and want to tip them, they will. I felt like a fool after they had come to my table because my guest and I only had credit cards, do they take that? No, and they looked at us like we had 10 heads when we didn't reach down into our purses to hand them cash. Third, my guests dinner was great, mine not so much. I had fish that tasted like it would have been excellent if it wasn't drowned in salt and spices. I am used to the New Orleans spices but this was too much. I wish I  had just ordered another Crabmeat Broussards appetizer (which was delicious) and a side. Last but not least, we had the profitterols for desert. They were very good and highly recommended by our server. But then as we were eating it, my guest realized that she was chewing on a wrapper. Mine did not have a wrapper underneath it so we assumed they weren't supposed to have them and we brought it to our servers attention and just got a 'sorry' from him. After the experience I had, I don't think I will be going back there any time soon, maybe just for drinks on the patio.One of the more upscale places in French Quarter.  Had the red fish with crab cake, beef medallion. Food is fabulous, bananas fosters was real good. Patio is awesome. Service was top notch. Nothing I can say wrong about this place.Went to a catered event. Everything was good. Atmosphere was as good as it gets in the Quarter.
Service was phenomenal. Everything seemed to come out at the same time and perfect temp, which is not a small feat for a 200 person dinner.
Next time I am in town, this is where we'll go for high end dinner.Great food, great staff. Beautiful venue. Better not be in a rush if you dine here. The staff want you to take the time to enjoy your visit and your food.Wow!  It was so bad that I thought I was being punk'd!
We had heard mixed reviews, but our traveling companions just had to try it.  I immediately started whispering words of warning when we arrived at 8:00 PM and there was no one there!  (Never a good sign.)
We ordered drinks and were promptly brought beverages that tasted like they had been made with the battery fluid from some old car battery.  As to not cause a scene, they largely went untouched and we proceeded into the meal.
How does this place stay open?!?  It has a prime location and ample space, but terrible food, drinks, and service.  You would think that competition within the French Quarter would have eventually closed it down, but it seems to continue limping along.
By-the-way, I did cause a scene after we got the bill.  We ordered their signature dish of crepes with creole cream cheese and strawberries.  It was inedible.  One bite mind you and we sent it back!  They still charged us for it!  Their reasoning?  If we had not "eaten it" (one bite) then we would have not been charged, but because of that one bite, we were charged $20!  Not until our traveling companions offered to pay for the dessert did I relent.  But...  Not without letting them know what a "dick" move I thought it had been for them to have treated us so poorly.
So, simply, stay away from this place like it has the plague, because it just might...We went to Broussard's for an event with a bunch of people.  The dinner was excellent, and we enjoyed the French Quarter ambience.  The event started with cocktails on the patio, and progressed to a long, narrow room inside for the main event.  
I had a bloody mary on the patio.  Despite a lack of celery, it was a good bloody mary.  Dinner started with a New Orleans style bisque, which was also very good.  The next course was a spinach salad, followed by the entree of veal and crab.  
Dinner was excellent.  I reallly enjoyed the food.  I wish the room had not been so narrow, as the shape of the room inhibited mingling.  The staff was very good, although I did have to chase the waiter down a few times to have my wine glass refilled.  The staff had butterfingers that night, too.  I counted three dropped wine bottles, including one on my nephew's plate!
I would definitely go back.  I would love to take my time perusing the menuu and trying a few different things.Surprisingly good meal here. Apps- wife loved the crab cakes. Soup sampler good. Shrimp romelode was exceptional. Meal was veal dish that was outstanding. Beautiful main dining room.So, my girlfriend and I had a delightful time plotting all of the yummy things we wanted to eat when we went here....and that was about the best part of the experience.
It started by being ignored when we walked in.  A woman came up, acted like she was going to help us (the real live people in front of her) and then decided to take a telephone call of several minutes to make a reservation for others.  A wee bit rude.
Then we were escorted to outer Siberia instead of the big open friendly room.  Which is decorated like your great-grandmother would have if she had no taste.  It's dark and oppressive and has hideous wallpaper.  However, if you are facing the courtyard  it is incredibly beautiful!!!
We had a series of waitstaff who ranged from indifferent to endearingly inept.   We ordered a charcuterie plate and the Oysters, then two salads....the oysters came out with one of the salads.  We thought it odd at the time and apparently they did too...because they brought a new salad to me at every course and then we would have to point out that I had already eaten that.  (And it was the Salad Mont-Chevre which was yummy, btw).  And, in retrospect, I should have just eaten another one since the Charcuterie plate was uninspired and had three little pieces of toasted bread which is the world's worst number for a dish to be shared by two people.
The oysters 2-2-2 (two of each of their three preparations) are a challenge to review.  It was a mix of Rockefeller, Bienville, and Broussard's but the oysters are friend in all three preparations.  They tasted good, but the frying overwhelmed all of the other flavor components.
For entrees, we ordered the scallops and the ribeye.  Both were a disappointment.  The scallops had a tasty preparation but were overcooked and rubbery.  I ordered the ribeye medium and my first several bites were dry, unflavorful and medium-well so we sent it back.  Five minutes later a woman returned it to me, cut in half, draped with the fried onion garnish they forgot the first time, and basically told me that I was wrong and that it was properly cooked in the middle (apparently you only get to have half of your meat cooked properly).  Rather than arguing, I just ate some of it.  Personally, I've prepared better ribeye at home with Montreal's steak seasoning.
For the price, there are far better restaurants in New Orleans.  Commander's Palace or Arnaud's come to mind.If you've got money to throw around and can put a 20 in every persons hand (not including standard gratuity), you can quite possibly have the greatest dining experience of your life here.
If not, buy the cookbook and walk away.Really delicious food. I've been here twice. Both times were great. We had the redfish and drum which were excellent. Banana's Foster is the best in New Orleans.The place was pricey but well worth the money. Waiters were a little inexperienced, but this is a common problem with NOLA restaurants these days.Scanning the reviews already written for Broussards brought a smile to my lips. The previous reviews range from the service was impeccable to horrible. I believe them. Broussards to me was one of those New Orleans experiences that transends dining. I am sure that my girlfriend and I will be looking back and smiling about this meal long after better ones have been forgotten.
First let me say that I like the restaurant. The bar area was great and the bartender (who may have been one of the golden girls) was friendly and fun. She made a very good Sazerac and Hurricane (though she insisted it wasn't and that only Pat O'Brien's could make Hurricanes). We were in the bar because the Maitre D said they were slammed. Though a quick look in the dining room showed half the tables empty. No big deal though as the drinks were good. 
We were seated relatively quickly, though someone who came after us was seated first (pet peeve) at a good table. Our waiter was one of those New orleans personalities. He was definately on crack or pot. As an example he brought out an empty milk container with the coffee then gave us a story of how overwhelmed he was. Somehow though this just endeared the restaurant to me. It didn't work efficiently or even quite right but it was fun in spite of itself. The server bringing the food to tables could never guess who got what even when only one dish was left. 
The food was very good. I had a trio of soups - gumbo, turtle and shrimp bisque which were all good with the bisque very good. I wanted the Pompano for my main course but they were out. I got the Veal Broussard instead. The veal itself was excellent though the dish had too much going on in it. My girlfriend had the pork chop which she liked very much.
We did the Madame P which was a dessert sampler. The waiter guessed one out of four as far as what the sampler contained though he did end the description with "I think" that's whats on it. So it was a crap shoot. All the desserts were good. I particularly liked the Crepes Broussard and the Diplomat Pudding.
The quality of the food was very good, the service was endearing yet poor. Would I come back here. Yes. Though in New Orleans there are so many good restaurants it may be a while.A really wonderful dining experience.  
Both the food and the service were exceptional; the only drawback to our dining experience was the lack of other patrons in post-Katrina (fall 2006) New Orleans: the elegant outdoor space was two-thirds empty on a lovely Friday evening.
The 'sample' trios of oysters and soups were all wonderful. But it barely left room for the duckling entree, which offered a magnificent blend of traditional French and regional Creole flavors (as did the other courses).
Tres Magnifique!The prix menu for $38 was a deal, turtle soup, Redfish Almondine and Crepe Broussard for desert was great!In my every trip to New Orleans, I make it a point to try and go to one of their grand dame/fancy restaurants. For Jazz Fest, we chose Broussard's.
Broussard's is an upscale place. Crisp, white table cloths and beautifully folded linen napkins are on the tables. The staff wear their fancy uniforms, or for the managers, a suit or dress. The chandelier in the dining room enhances the ambience. 
We ordered the pecan crusted drum and redfish Broussard's. For the sides, we had the asparagus and the sweet potato dish. All were delicious! The fish was very light and the flavors were just really truly wonderful. The sweet potato was my favorite, though. It just really complemented the fish.  For dessert, we ordered the bananas foster. Watching the dessert chef prepare it was really fun. You get to salivate while you see and smell the amazingness that comes from banana, sugar and liquor cooking together. 
So why only 3 stars after all that praise of Broussard's food? One reason: for the lackadaisical service we received from our waiter -- no, scratch that, we did not "receive" as much as "almost had to beg" for some service. We were asked but once how our meal was while he was intently looking at the darker part of the room (really, it made me think that there was a ghost lurking there or something -- he was that intense!). The manager came over a few times to refill our water glasses when he noticed our repeated futile attempts to catch this waiter's attention (the manager's gesture was much appreciated, of course). We only really had his attention when he openly looked at our check bill to see how much tip we left. 
(And as an aside, I noticed that this waiter's supposed-to-be-white uniform had way too many stains on it. After that dismal service, my inner shrew was more than ready to come out and was finding small details to complain about. So judge me if you must, but that dirty uniform was a turn off and most definitely should have no place in a fine dining establishment.)
I like to pride myself in not being high maintenance. But if you make me dress up, charge me a day or two's worth of my income for my meal, and have me put forth my charm school table manners, the least I would expect in return is excellent service to go with my fantastic meal. This we did not receive during this visit. However, since the food was really quite good, I could see myself going back to Broussard's. As long as I am seated somewhere where I would not be waited on by this waiter.While this restaurant is beyond beautiful, the food is a dissapointment.
The crab cake was way to salty for me to even take a second bite. The hash I thought was great as well at their "Pimm" drink, but they never asked how I would like my steak and ended up getting it too done for my taste. Will come back for a second chance, but I was a little dissapointed with price versus quality.Good times and the meal was covered by our drug rep buddies!I have never been scolded in a restaurant quite like I was scolded by my waiter at Broussard's.  I simply asked a question and was put down by the waiter like I was dumb child for even asking.  To save you out of towners the trouble, and before asking the waiter for recommendations - any dish with the Broussard's name in it, is a house specialty and is the best choice, so don't even ask the waiter.
Other than that, the food was rich and good, service was quick and efficient, and if you've got the room in your belly, order the table side presentation of the banana's foster - it's a foodie experience you won't soon forget.
Save up for your meal though - this is definitely a special dinner occasion restaurant.
I waffled between a 2 & a 3 star for Broussard's - 2 because of the scolding by the waiter (I was very embarrassed in front of my company) and a 3 for the other servers and the banana's foster.  I decided on 3 because maybe you won't get the waiter I did and have a lovely time - though this visit was last fall,  I'm not sure I want to return because of my experience.I had a great experience here! My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner and it was a big hit to me! I've always heard of Broussard's, but never seen it before up until that evening. The setting and environment is very dim and romantic; great for couples dinners and or formal dinners. We went on a really cold & windy night so I was extremely eager to get in after a far walk from our parking.
Unfortunately we had to dine inside due to the weather, but I still enjoyed it! For my main entree, I ordered the Salmon Jean Lafitte. I really enjoyed this dish but the dill cream sauce was a bit too overwhelming for me. I loved the lumb crab piled on top! My boyfriend ordered the Rack of Lamb which he also asked for an extra side of crabmeat added. He enjoyed his dish very much. 
For dessert, we had both amazing dishes of Crepes Broussard and the Bananas Foster. Decadent. The BF was my favorite! It was warm and full of flavor!
Broussard's makes such a beautiful dining experience. Definitely will be returning again!I have to agree with reviewer Paul on many fronts. My husband and I decided to spend a week in New Orleans after getting married in October 2010. We were on a budget after an expensive wedding, and decided we would choose ONE restaurant to eat at while in New Orleans that was "fancy" and make it our dressy night out. We were SO excited to eat here, after recommendations from a couple friends and colleagues. As we entered the restaurant on a Wednesday night in late October, there were only two other tables with seated guests. It was really beautiful, and dark/romantic - just what we were looking for. 
We ordered a bottle of wine and my husband ordered a scotch (our waiter was not helpful choosing either). It came after we had been approached by 3 different waiters?? Weird. We then ordered apps - crab cakes - which were TO DIE FOR...and a bowl of corn chowder that was amazing. Although the wait staff was curiously serving everyone at the same time with no consistency in who talked to who - things were going well because we weren't in a hurry. However, after the manager came rushing through a set of doors near our table close to 10 times in 10 minutes (we later found out there was a private party of 30 in that room), and we hadn't even ordered dinner after 45 minutes, we became annoyed. As we had consumed the drink and the whole bottle of wine, we were also slightly tipsy and starving!! 
When we ordered dinner we naturally ordered another glass of wine each. Finished that, and 30 minutes later out food came out. Mine first - steak in what should have been an amazing sauce - but it was gelatinous on the plate, making me think as I cut it - is this cold?! Sure enough my $45 steak was cold. It tasted good but who wants a cold steak? 
Hubby chose a fish steamed in a banana leaf type thing that should be served piping hot and the waiter opens it for you - well - the manager delivered our food and quickly ran back to the kitchen for a knife to slice it open and leave just as quickly. I finally sent my entree back to be heated with another waiter and my husband and I shared his fish, only to discover we were missing the crucial ingredient - the sauce to be poured over the whole thing upon opening. That arrived 10 minutes later - cold. My steak came back after we had finished our wine (again!) and his entree- sans the cold sauce. I sent it back and didn't take a bite - I was so fed up at that point I didn't even want it. 
The waiter assured me it would be taken off the bill - to which I said - Obviously - i didn't eat it!! 
Wish this dinner would have been everything we dreamed it would be, but it just wasn't. The food that did come out in a timely manner and was warm was excellent. 
We left and went to Frenchman Street where I had a trio of mini lamb burgers at a bar that were $10 and service was far superior.I won't be duped again by you Groupon! 
A few years in New Orleans has certainly raised my standards significantly, but here goes. 
Broussard's gets two stars, 1.5 solely for the very good service, and the other .5 for a good, not great, seafood bisque soup. My guest and I both got the trio of summer specials menu ( soup/salad, entree special, dessert) that a reviewer had recommended. Only the soup was good. The vegetables that came with the fish were mediocre (tons of butter and fresh herbs can do wonders), but the fish itself was thin and very overcooked for both of us. Dessert strawberry shortcake was bad.  
35 for the 3 courses, most entrees about 30. 
I had the same experience as many reviewers regarding the wait and funneling to the bar. I'm not sure if it was that I announced at reservation that I was using the Groupon (as the Groupon on its face required), but the maitre'd told us our table would be about 15 minutes and escorted us to the bar when we arrived for our reservation, even though the restaurant was 25% full, and we had a party of 2. Then after we ordered drinks the bartender said we had to close out there and not use the Groupon.  After reading the reviews, I expected as much, but I couldn't wait in anger without a $7 Stella. 
Other than the maitre'd issue, the service was very good. Our waiter and assistant were prompt and friendly and seemed A-OK wth the Groupon.Can't believe I am only now writing this review. Went here on a date months ago. It was a cute romantic spot, but we were the youngest people there by a lot.
I ordered the scallops (grilled with Andouille and mushroom fricassee With baby arugula and white truffle oil) and my date ordered the redfish (Redfish Broussard's: corn meal dusted fillet, lightly pan fried in a savory shrimp, crabmeat and oyster mushroom etouffe). My scallops were delicious but a little salty. I tried the redfish and it was fantastic. So much so that it has been months and I still remember how delicious it was.
The only downside was that the server did not pay much attention to us because he was busy tending to a big group of old people who were probably spending more money than us, but come on!
Well, I'd still like to go back so I can have the redfish again.Beautiful old New Orleans restaurant... Excellent food. Fun time.Nice setting, good food, pitiful service.  An hour and a half after ordering our entrees the waiter returned to tell us they were out of one of our selections.  During the hour and a half we waited we repeatedly asked the server and other staff why our meal was taking so long and were repeatedly told it should be out momentarily.. In retrospect  the waiter had apparently forgotten to put in our order.  10 minutes after we replaced the unavailable entree we had our dinner.  Despite our clearly expressed unhappiness, a manager never appeared to address our problem.  This is a restaurant that caters mostly to tourists so apparently they don't value return visits or customer service.  Avoid this restaurant.  There are many better restaurants in New Orleans that value their customers.The food was delicious and the ambiance was excellent. A great place.A FIVE STAR, CAN'T MISS EXPERIENCE - SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY PAR EXCELLENCE
Unlike our distinctly underwhelming experience at Antoine's the night before, Broussard's dazzled from start to finish.  We had such a lovely meal here that I'll never visit the Big Easy again without a romantic dinner in this elegant little beauty of a restaurant. 
Broussard's gave an impression of southern graciousness and pure class from the moment we stepped into the front foyer.  My husband took me on a long weekend in Nawlins to celebrate my 40th birthday and the Halloween holiday, and the focal point of Broussard's entry was an enormous, intricate jack o' lantern so exquisitely carved that it could only have been the work of a professional culinary trancheur.  As it turned out, we were hungry and footsore from the day's marathon session of shopping and sightseeing, and arrived about 40 minutes early for our dinner reservation, but would have been happy to relax with a cocktail if they couldn't seat us so early.  No need - we were were seated shortly after arrival.  I had scarcely snapped my photos of that enormous jack o' lantern the size of a fish tank in the foyer before we were escorted to our white-draped, flawlessly set table.
The dining room was sumptuous yet intimate, decorated with masquerade masks and elegant chandeliers.  Our server, Ken, had the gracious hauteur of a veteran fine-dining waiter, and he got every nuance just right.  Welcome the customer with some pleasant small talk, bring the menus and wine list and offer an aperitif, offer an appetizer - his process and timing were impeccable.  He was assisted by Irwin, who was a more down-homey presence, with a Southern accent like chocolate puddin' -- he was also a charming, attentive host.    
Then, they started bringing us food. OH, the food!
I started with the turtle soup, which was so flavorful, well-seasoned, and full of succulent dollops of firm white turtle meat that I could easily have consumed about a gallon of it.  We then moved on to sharing succulent bites of our entrees, the tournedos Louisiana for me and the cherry-glazed duck for my husband, across the table, accompanied by a decanter of pinot noir. My two petite steaks were done to a turn, like red velvet meat fudge, and my husband's duck was addictively savory-sweet.  It was cooked JUST right, with a crackly, caramelized top that gave way to the rich, smoky meat beneath.  
We shared the strawberry shortcake for dessert, which was very like an English trifle of buttery yellow cake, strawberries, and thick cream layered in a deep water glass.  It was marvelous; tangy, sweet and berry-luscious, but never cloyingly sugary.
Seriously, if you're visiting New Orleans for a special occasion, have dinner at Broussard's.  If you're a local celebrating your anniversary or your mother's birthday, have dinner at Broussard's.  Have a French martini, some turtle soup, a steak or the duck.  Have dessert and some coffee, with liqueur or without.  Or please, Yelp readers, eat all the other scrumptious items on the menu that I considered, but couldn't order in only one night because I have only one stomach and could only eat one appetizer, entrée, and dessert.
Then come back here, and tell me all about it.  Thanks!I checked in from Broussard's last night and I want to retract some of my initial comments. The food was just okay. The back waiter had no clue about the menu at all which is why I don't understand why the captain didn't opt to either take over that part of the job description or help his team member to become more efficient. That is the idea of service teams. Any hoot, the captain seemed to not want to be there in the beginning but by the main course he seemed to warm up to us a little. That is why I retract my statement about the waiter being rude. The pompano napoleon is what I ordered and it was extremely dry. I eat pompano often but I think this one was overcooked. The accompaniments were scallops and shrimp which were tasty. The maitre'd came over to apologize and they sent out dessert which was nice of them. My mom had the table d'hote menu which consisted of soup, redfish entree, and dessert; all of which were very good. This place is a little pricey but I would probably go back.Beautiful place...service was excellent and FOOD WAS AWESOME!!On our visit on the evening of October 29th, we got what I refer to as getting "Grouponed".  This has happened several times to my wife and I, and I have read several reviews with others having the same problem.  We saw the Groupon while in New Orleans and decided to check it out.  We showed up and were seated at the back of one of the rooms.  The room was very dark and dreary unlike the main room that I noticed on a trip to the restroom.  The main room appeared to be quite a bit livelier, with the tables I saw just having a grand ol' time getting what was probably "top notch" service.  Meanwhile, our two servers were awful (you'd think two guys tag teaming the effort could at least be average).  I noticed the tables around us had people sitting at them that were obviously not from the U.S. (nor is my wife by the way).  So I'm assuming we just got put in the crappy section for people that don't typically tip well (Groupon users, foreigners, etc.).  Upon getting our bill, one of the waiters disappeared with my credit card for what had to have been 15 or so minutes.  That was the last straw, I had to find a manager and demand my credit card.  Unbelievable.  We don't go anywhere expecting the "royal treatment", but when you have a restaurant like this, the service is supposed to be average at worst.  Oh, the food?  I honestly don't remember anything great about it.  Any pluses it may have had were completely negated by the chump service that we received.New owners just took over but still have the same great servers and bartenders. the bar has great wines and my favorite Champagne by the glass, Michael the bartender was great.  The shrimp bisque is amazing.Service can really make or break a meal. The service was terrible!  Our waiter had a horrible personality.  However the food was pretty good.  I would come back and make sure I didn't get the same server. Btw the bartender is a sweetheart.Great meal for a great price. Courtesy of Groupon a co-worker and I took advantage of a ridiculous deal on a great meal at Broussard's. The restaurant itself is beautiful and the food is excellent. The highlights were the Turtle Soup which was loaded with lumps of turtle meat in a rich creole broth. The entree of Redfish Meunière was excellent. My co-worker had an even greater dish, Red Snapper Vera Cruz which had more of a Latin background. It was a huge piece of fish with piles of jumbo lump crabmeat with tomatoes, cilantro potato fingers. Way better than my traditional New Orleans dish. I hope you were able to score the Groupon and take advantage of a great meal that ended up only costing $40 bucks. Can't beat it. The only negative is that forgot my dessert of bananas foster and when they finally brought it they didn't do the flambé show which is the only reason why I ordered it.Food mediocre in a faded old building that has seen  better days. That's the good side.
As we were eating I heard three waiters talking about the pay there. The restaurant itself takes 10% of the servers tips for the house. FOR THE HOUSE.
This money does not go to tip out other employees, it goes into the owners pocket. Waiters generally make 2-3 dollars an hour which means that the servers are paying their own salaries and then some. I do not see how this can be legal. It certainly is not right. 
It enrages me that I tip out to the house. Overpriced food that I pay a tip to the house on? I will never return to this restaurant. 
Even if the food had been good, which it was really not all that great...I will not return. I am a local and I eat out a lot in many of the big name restaurants around the quarter and beyond. 
DO NOT EAT AT BROUSSARD'S. THEY ARE THIEVES.We went to Broussard's for New Year's eve and loved it!   This was our first time to the restaurant and we will definitely be going back.  The restaurant is beautiful and the food was incredible.  I had the stuffed salmon and my partner had the gulf fish.  We can't wait to go back!!We decided to give Broussards another chance. We will not be returning. The food did not have the "wow" factor we were expecting for the price. The food was average at best. We ordered coffee with dessert which was horrible and tasted old. Our bill was incorrect when brought to our table. If you are looking for fine dining, this is not the place. However, the ambiance is nice.had a special event dinner here, hors d'oeuvres on the patio.  excellent service.  food was good, bisque, salad, fish/steak (though steak could have been better).  ambiance nice.We came to Broussard's for group dinner our friend threw;  We had a choice of a few entree's and the Redfish was delicious.  The house wine was exceptional and service perfect. We had a great time. I would highly recommend it for a party and the food was so good I'd definitely try it for just two.Excellent service, maitre d (or manager?)  was hilarious, and none of us felt rushed.  They seated our table of 8 in the gorgeous outdoor patio area - picturesque is an understatement!  Dim lighting in the trees, lush foliage, crisp white tablecloths, formal place settings, glittering chandeliers.   It was formal, without being stuffy.
Really wish I could praise the food in similarly glowing terms, but it was really just OK.
I got the shrimp/sweet potato bisque which was not bad.  It came out kind of luke-warm though, which was dissapointing.  The smoked salmon was dressed with some sort of radish/daikon/cabbage (???) confection dripping in mayo (?).  A friend ordered the snapper, and that was pretty good.  Crispy, lightly fried.  For $35 it could've been better though.
The drinks are alright.  At $10 a cocktail, it's pretty standard fare for a semi upscale place.  I had an interesting absinthe-y sort of mojito and a coffee drink with brandy and amaretto.  Both were good and verrryy strong.  
I'd recommend this place as a nice date outing, or meeting up with a larger group.  They didn't seem to have too much business, and the ambience was quiet enough to be able to chat and listen to each other across the table.
All in all, probably 3.5 stars.I had a good experience at Broussard's using the groupon, much of which was due to our server. We sat in the bar area because my husband was wearing shorts. This may have been a blessing in disguise, as the bartner/waitress was not as concerned with our use of the groupon as the main dining room staff may have been. 
The food was good. We had the soup trio, pork chop and snapper vera cruz. All were really good, especially the pork chop. the bartender/waitress was very friendly and helpful. The main dining room appeared stuffy, so I'm happy with where we were sat. 
As with many groupon deals, I don't think this place would be worth the prices without the groupon. Entrees are about $30, and while my food was good, it was not worth the $30 price tag, especially considering the entrees don't come with sides. 
Overall, for the price (sans groupon) I'd rather go somewhere else.The food was pretty good (although this is where we learned that they don't de-vein shrimp in New Orleans). The service was terrible.  We labeled ourselves "the table that time forgot."
We arrived early for our Christmas Eve reservation and were seated early, but that's when the waiting began.... we were served the wrong food twice (it was for the next table over) and graciously pointed it out instead of chowing down, but what did that get us? Another 15 minutes with nothing but a bottle of wine to go on.
I can't really remember what I had... not a good sign... but the bread was good. That stood out.  Overall, it was overpriced and not worth the wait.Very Disappointed, the wine list is a joke they did not have my first two selections and that was the same for the table next to us.  The food was very good, but the service was slow, our waiter was locked on a table of six regulars, who seemed to be disappointed about a few items also. It is a shame as the atmosphere was wonderful only to be over shadowed by these short comings. The wait staff is well schooled in filling your wine glass in an attempt to sell you a second bottle of over priced wine.  There are too many other places to spend big money.My fiance and I chose Broussard's for our seated wedding dinner.  We were having a small destination wedding and were searching for a venue that would allow us a quaint yet formal seated dinner.  Broussards exceeded our highest expectations.  Our second line didn't take as long as we expected so we rolled up to the restaurant front doors half an hour early.  They didn't skip a beat.  The staff was ready and our room was prepared.  We reserved the Josephine Room which can hold about 50 guests. The food was absolutely amazing... like phenomenal.  We had a special needs adult in attendence who had particular food preferences.  She wanted honey mustard sauce and plain steak.  The chef made her steak as she requested and even whipped up a special honey mustard sauce.  The whole exchange was handled so professionally and quietly that I didn't even notice.  I asked to change the order of things at least three times and they quietly accomodated me.  The wait staff was courteous and met all of our needs.  I can't say enough about Broussards.A must!! For twenty years, I haven't missed an opportunity to dine here on every trip to NOLA. Sometimes three times in one week with disparate friends, colleagues and clients. For those who say it's overpriced or slow on service, go back to Bourbon Street where you belong. This is fine dining at its best. Never disappointed.I don't know about the food but the bar is world-class. Get there when Paul is working and he'll make you an exquisite cocktail. If you get there early enough you can engage him in conversation and learn a thing or two. Better than any tour.We went to Broussard's in December 2009 and were sorely disappointed with the meal and with the treatment we were given.  When I expressed disappointment to the waiter about the pompano under filo, the owner came to our table and told me that "some people can never be happy."  I was shocked and told her that she didn't stay in business for many years by insulting her patrons.  She later apologized and offered us free champagne and free desserts.  Nevertheless, the mediocre quality of the food and the poor treatment by the owner makes this  a definite "no" from our table.We decided to buy a groupon for Broussards, since it is such a  tourist attraction... we don't like going to places like that. But we thought we tried this one. (We normally go to GW Finns when we go to the quarters, which is always a FAB experience.) At Broussards...what an experience, their A/C system is as old as the building is and it doesn't cool equally through out the restaurant. We asked to turn it up as we were freezing, everyone in our area was wearing their winter coats while dining. I will not accept this, therefore I complaint. No one did anything about it and even though I suggested they move us to another table, and they had plenty empty ones, they still didn't. We ended up taking our food to go after we were done with appetizers;we paid and additional $90 for our meal in addition to the $50 groupon and we didn't order any alcohol for health reasons and still paid and had to take the food home. By the time we made it home, the food was not very appetizing at all. I called their office to tell them about out experience, the GM (a lady) spoke nicely and acted as if she was going to do something about it. I told her, I was not going back, so not to bother sending me a free meal or anything like that, well, she listened well, she did not even send a letter for apology; which is what I was looking for. Wow! No CS skills by their GM either, it goes to show you how much they really care about their customers. Now there is another Groupon again, (I wonder why, could it be that their business has declined?) good luck to those of you who buy one... no professional service, you want to have a great experience? Go anywhere else.This was such a bad experience that I am writing about it years after the actual event!  The summer of 2003, I was working in Washington, D.C. and my mother's health was failing on the west coast.  She was from Louisiana and, declining with Alzheimer's, talked a lot about wanting to go back and visit.  I saved up and we were able to make the trip as a family.  
Of course, a nice dinner out in the French Quarter was a big part of the trip to New Orleans.  I chose this restaurant because my mother thought she knew the family name from Lake Charles and my father remembered that they had dined at this location shortly after they first met.
When I waited tables, rule number one was always to take special care of the timing with tables with the elderly and small children.  Not only had this staff apparently never thought of such a rule, they seemed intent on ignoring us BECAUSE we had someone elderly with us.  After 45 minutes I had to go find a manager to please, please have someone come take our order.  I explained that it was getting difficult to keep the party there, my mother's condition and that it actually seemed we were being ignored.  I was very nice about it and was begging them to help me since this dinner was an event more than a meal.  
When the server arrived, he was apparently bent out of shape at having been sent to the table.  Another 25 minutes later, when our food arrived, I sincerely believe a salt shaker had been dumped in my dish.  Since we'd already had the wrong food come to the table and were, at this point, famished, I tried to choke some of it down.  I was trying to keep spirits up at the table and did not, against all urges, complain.  
On top of all this, it was not a cheap evening for me.  I sincerely wish this place were no longer open.   I see others commenting on the service and am at least happy to learn that it was not just us!Great food, but beware of the service.  I went on a Monday, and there were 2 waiters for only 5-6 tables of people at any given time, including mine.  Despite each waiter being responsible for only 2-3 tables that were all in the same room, the service was awful.  It took us 15 minutes to order drinks after being seated because the waiter was no where to be seen.  The lack of service continued throughout the night, and overall the experience was very disappointing.Yuck.  Not much else to say...just yuck.....Despite some negative comments,  I have eaten here many times the past 10 years. On some days there seem to be issues but the majority of visits have been good. This week I stopped in as it was cold and I did not want to walk farther. I had the steak it was excellent, service fine. Just the steak as I am actually on a diet. I will still stop in from time to time knowing what to expect and what to order. It is a fine place in a unique building and generally a great meal. The staff is fine every time I have eaten there and helpful.The food was very good.  The portions were not the smallest I have ever had but were a little disapointing.  The service was painfully slow.  And the prices were a little high for the entire evening.Very disappointing.
To begin with, the service was pitiful at best. No smiles, no inkling of appreciation. We sat at a table that was right up on another round table, so every time the person sitting at the end got up, he hit the lady sitting at the other table with his chair. 
I ordered the "Filet....Brandon", as did two other people at the table. Mine was lukewarm, and missing the side of "Potato Au Jour". The two others also had the same problem. Someone else ordered the "Berkshire Porkchop". It was not cooked at all in the middle, a bright pink.  The waiter did not apologize, just said "Your Welcome", before he said anything.
Desserts had to have been made 2 days before, not fresh at all.
Sad, sad experience.Went there for Thanksgiving, and we were slightly disappointed: we had reserved well in advance, and by 4:45 pm they were already out of some menu items--and it was a very limited menu. It took us 3 requests to have the wine we had ordered brought to our table, and everyone seemed to be blaming someone else. We just wanted to be able to drink our wine with our dinner. The food was good, but it wasn't special. Given the high quality of restaurants in New Orleans, I couldn't recommend this place.Quite a nice place in the french quarter. The food was tasty. My salmon was cooked perfectly, the oysters were just right, my sweet potato bisque was sumptuous, the asparagus was just the right amount of crisp. Dessert of bananas foster was prepared tableside by an engaging gentleman. 
My only complaints:
$44 for a 6oz filet magnon.
Their entrees are a la carte. Those devoid of restaurant lingo, it means you gotta order (pay) for your soup, starch and vegetable. The normal accesorries to a traditional fine dining meal. So our nice dinner for two
3 oysters (appetizer)
1 soup
A side of asparagus
A side a mashed sweet potatoes
2 glasses of wine
Dessert for 2
$168 with tax.
OUCH!Beautifull resturant but slow service, waiter screwed up order twice, so bad they even gave us free glass of wine because of the wait and the resturant was not that busy.  They have a Quartet roaming and singing table side.  vey loaud inside and hard to carry on dinner conversation.Went here with a group of eight and they were really accommodating. Had the 2-2-2 oysters, which were really good. The other thing that was really tasty was the french fries made with truffle oil. We got enough for everyone to share and that was the thing that everyone raved about. The rest of the food was alright, but the atmosphere and the service was pretty good.I had high hopes for Broussard's. I read some awesome reviews, and given my eight friends came to town to spend some real money - I figured the service would follow. Not so much.
First the good. The food was amazing. I had the gumbo, and while it was cooler than I preferred, the spiciness and tastiness certainly made up for it. The roast duck was amazing, as was the truffle fries, and sweet potato mash. I am not a creamed spinach guy, but it was the best I ever had. The cream in the Irish coffee woke me more with its tastiness than the caffeine - and the bananas foster was incredible. My friends equally raved about the food.
Then there was the service. Our captain was AWOL most of the night (even with the wedding on the patio it was bad), and when he was around he wouldn't enunciate his words. It wasn't until later we found out he was hiding his grill from us by never completely showing his teeth. Showing your teeth is a vital part of pronouncing words in the English language. Either be proud of your bling or leave it home. The waiters under him were better, but it seemed that improvement came from my friends' aggressive New Yorker attitude than any sense of obligation. And before you think we were spoiled... three and a half hours is a damn long time waiting for dinner.
The night seemed to be a perfect sine wave - periods of anger and neglect from lack of attention turned to bliss and happiness when a new course arrived. The whole experience was so exhausting, even the energy of Bourbon St that night couldn't keep us awake.
If any restaurant could benefit from a service boot camp like Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares, it is Broussard's.Before I met my husband I thought I knew what fine dining was, but I just knew what fine dining was in Colorado. 
On our first trip to New Orleans, many years ago, he took me here for dinner. We had a six course meal of the most petite and perfect courses, from oysters prepared 3 ways to sweet potato soup, salad greens, fish, white chocolate dessert. I can't remember all of the details because it was ten years ago, but now every time we go to NOLA we make a point to eat here and have never been disappointed, even after Katrina!! 
I distincly remember being surprised that we had eaten a full six courses, but they were such perfect portions that we never felt stuffed, just sated.
Save your pennies, it costs us $100/person with alcohol and tip, but this is truly a memorable experience. They have an impressive port selection too. 
Service: if you want to know what it feels like to have a personal butler, eat here. They must have three people serving each table, it seems like they anticipate your needs before they even occur to you! 
Epicure Tip: they sell a cookbook, buy it. I have made a number of recipes from it and they are easy and great, plus it tells you about the history of the family that owns the restaurant. 
Epicure tip #2- if you're broke but still want to check it out, the bar serves food too- you can get some apps and ambiance for $40
We will be back 02/08, I should make my resy now 'cause they book up!
Edit 02/10/08 - It is still the greatest dining experience I've ever had: house-cured salmon, caesar salad, corn and shrimp chowder, sauteed spinach, asparagus with Boursin melted over it (I never would have thought these two would go so well together but am going to try this at home, it was awesome!) , two glasses of Jordan Cab, strawberry shortcake- and I still could walk! I love that they portion and pace everything perfectly so you can taste all that they are capable of while still feeling comfortable. Tab was again $100/head and I have no regrets- it was worth every single penny and we will be back again in two more years.Another great food and wine pairing for a NOWFE Vintners Dinner.  This time we were at Broussard's Restaurant with Chateau Ste. Michelle supplying the wines.  All the wines were the single vineyard series which is the next step up from what you usually find in the grocery stores locally.
The dinner experience started in Broussard's courtyard with chilled sea scallops in a cucumber-ginger relish paired with a sparkling white wine.  After about half an hour of wine refills (but only one glass of the scallops), the staff gathered us up and led us into the restaurant.  
The sit down portion of the dinner started with an appetizer which was crabmeat baked in a brie paired with the Canoe Ridge chardonnay.  I wasn't impressed with the wine while sipping it before the food arrived.  However, it definitely improved once matched with the crabmeat and brie.  Noticeably, this is a wine that needs to be served with food.
Following that was the Broussard's Salad, baby spinach, bacon, pecans, mushrooms and red onion, in a Balsamic vinaigrette.  The salad was great.  I didn't like the sauvignon blanc either by itself or with the salad.  Usually I much prefer a sauvignon blanc over a chardonnay.  Not tonight.  In my opinion, this was the only pairing that failed.
The entree was a petite filet of beef served with several nice sized poached shrimp over an herbed potato cake, accented with a green peppercorn sauce.  The beef arrived medium rare (not like they asked me how I wanted it served).  I was surprised they matched it with the Indian Wells Merlot rather than a cab, but the Merlot stood up to the beef.  There was just enough complexity in the taste and oak in the tannins that the chef succeeded in the pairing.
Dessert was a chocolate fudge mousse, with cherries mixed in and a raspberry sauce drizzled over.  This is the type of dessert that can train you to appreciate a good Cabernet Sauvignon with dark chocolate.  The Canoe Ridge cab went well with the mousse; the two complimenting each others flavors.
Conclusion...  A great meal with wines that are relatively affordable as all are under $28 a bottle.I usually only go to a fancy pants restaurant like Broussard's for a special occasion. But a friend told me about the $19.20 three course meal in honor of the 95th anniversary of the restaurant, so we decided to check it out.
 The restaurant itself is as gorgeous as ever, a gem of a fine dining establishment. There was a bit of a crowd, so it wasn't empty which is  a good thing. I can't stand sitting in an empty restaurant. The service was good to above average. 
 The $19.20 menu provides a few choices for each course. We both ordered the crab and shrimp cake for an appetizer. It was outstanding, one of the better appetizers I have had in a long time. I ordered the short ribs which were good but not great. The sauce was nice and the presentation was nice with a big Portobello on top which was tasty. But the short ribs were cut in pieces and were found under a mound of mashed potatoes. Nothing at all bad about the dish, it just didn't wow. My lovely better half ordered the fish ( drum I think) with tropical fruit salsa and coconut rice, a much better choice. It was very well prepared, especially the execution of the fish which was perfectly moist, cooked just right. For dessert, I ordered chocolate ice cream which consisted of a very tiny, kid's portion (not much more than a tablespoon )of very good ice cream accompanied by about a teaspoon of whipped cream. The better half again ordered better and got the peanut butter mousse which was a much larger portion and excellent, outstanding in fact.
 So if you're looking for a nice evening at a grand restaurant but don't want to break the bank, come to Broussard's for good meal and overall dining experience during the $19.20 special. And, frankly, you should consider coming after the special is over. The food is that good.I dined here as a party of 10 -- celebrating. Waiters were very friendly, but service was slow. I am not sure why, as there seemed to be more than enough staff and it wasn't overly crowded. We ordered a variety of things.  I heard that the drinks were delicious ( I'm pregnant). Food was good, but not outstanding.
My real issue here came from the hospitality, or lack thereof, from management. There was a mishap where a drink was spilled on me ( and splashed on fellow guests in my group and the opposing table). The drink literally went on my hair and down my back -- ruining my entire outfit and my bag/contents that was sitting behind me on the chair. The waiter was extremely remorseful, but the manager was not so much. He offered me limited baby wipes and gave me his email address in an offer to pay my dry cleaning bill . I can not say that he hasn't kept his word BUT I did subsequently email him and have yet to receive a response. I will go ahead and clean/repair all of my damage to the best that I can and will forward all pertinent info. Hopefully, I will be able to make a positive update to this review.
** it is important that I reiterate that my review is no reflection on the waitstaff. Mistakes do happen, but the response from management was below expectation and tarnished my entire experience. I didn't even finish my entree and declined desserts because I was more than ready to leave( unfortunately, this occurred early in the meal -- during drinks)Went to a private party here when I was in NOLA. Great space (old house) especially the court yard. Food was great, drinks were great and the staff was great. Walking distance from any hotel in the French Quarter.We decided to have our wedding at Broussard's courtyard and it was the absolute hands down best decision ever... Well aside from marrying each other!! Now keep in mind, we had our wedding over Mardi Gras which makes for great memories and good times but is a bit of a logistical nightmare for vendors and the restaurant due to street closures, etc. Leading up to the event itself Caroline was fantastic to work with. Always quick to respond and she went beyond the call of duty to help provide options when the NOPD couldn't issue a second line permit due to Mardi Gras. She helped coordinate all the vendors and ensure they could enter the Quarter and took care of deliveries seamlessly.
The day of the wedding itself, we were cared for like family from the time we walked in. Whether it was the coordinator who helped keep a nice calm before the ceremony  or their entire service staff who were always quick to offer assistance or to get anything, service itself couldn't have been better. 
Then we get to the courtyard... A spectacularly beautiful hidden garden right in the middle of the French Quarter. We wanted a whimsical peacock wedding and boy were we able to execute that vision. Plenty of room for our 7 piece brass band (the Paulin Bros. Brass Band... Also the best!), our guests, all the lighting and food. 
And now to the food... Omg!! We have a lot of serious foodie friends. We are foodies ourselves who love a great meal and good wine. I mean for heavens sakes look at my reviews... It was epic! The Cajun fried turkey is the best turkey I've ever had. Soooo happy I went with the potato/sweet potato bar with fixings. Everyone's inner child loves to make potatoes with toppings! The passed hors d'oeuvres were nuts! From the tasty catfish bites and the cones with goat cheese to the duck mushroom cups and beyond, if it had stopped there our guests would have been happy!! But we had so much more food... From ravioli filled with goodness to baked brie that must have Been the size of Rhode Island.... Goodness heavens. But we're not done folks... Their gumbo was perfect. Now I am very partial to Paul Prudhomme's, but Broussard's did not disappoint. One of my best friends is from Alabama and so knows a thing or two about a gumbo... By the end of the evening he simply said, if you don't get me away from that pot of gumbo, I'm going to explode! That about sums up everyone's response to the food. So f'ing good they couldn't stop eating it!! And then there is banana Foster. Sweet Jesus is it good... So happy we decided to forego the standard wedding cake for the buttery rum goodness that is bananas foster. 
So in short, if you're looking to have an amazing wedding in New Orleans in the French quarter with great food, a beautiful setting and impeccable service, you'll have no further to look than Broussard's.Amazing experience! Delicious food and wonderful service. What a great way to end my vacation 
The atmosphere was so relaxed!25 people reservation. Copious amounts of Champagne. Delicious southern food. Tableside Jazz trio. Perfection.
I was at Broussard's on Sunday for their Jazz Brunch with a very large party in town for a joint bachelor/bachelorette party and almost everyone I spoke to said this was the highlight of the entire weekend! We ate and did a lot this weekend and for this to be everyone's favorite really says something, I'm shocked by all the negative reviews.
The food was delicious- we loved the fried oysters rockefeller, shellfish bisque, steak and egg pirogue, chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits, and table-side made (fiery explosion) bananas foster! I would skip the biscuits and gravy next time, not my favorite.
Service was wonderful. Our waiters (Adam/Gordon,whatever your name is, and the cute girl with the pink hair?) kept the champagne flowing, they split up our bills in groups of 4 and did not judge us for the insane amount of champagne we drank. The price point is totally reasonable, too, mimosas for $12 and entrees between $16 and $32 (32 being the outlier).
HIGHLY recommend!Note: bar-only review since I didn't eat anything.
One of the better bars I've been to in New Orleans, they're working the same old-school image as many of the other pricier places but unlike those places they actually serve the drinks to the classic specifications. New Orleans is supposed to be a Sazerac town, so I ordered that and was served a textbook example made just right with an expert absinthe rinse and toasted orange twist. I can't remember what else we ordered, but I recall that every time a drink came out it tasted just the right strength and feeling the right temperature. Service was pretty quick as well and the bartenders are friendly but they don't let it slow down the service. I would go here again next time I'm in the area.Had a wonderful experience at Sunday Jazz Brunch! The staff was friendly and very attentive, especially when bringing refills for bottomless mimosas! Everything on the menu looked amazing. The blue crab gratin we had was superb. I also had the shrimp crab Benedict, I was in heaven!Booked a party of 18 for a Saturday live jazz brunch with $12 bottomless mimosas. John and Courtney were the BEST servers ever!!! It was my 30th birthday celebration and they handled a huge party like CHAMPS. Our mimosas were always full. The band was incredible. I did not hear a single complaint about anyone's food, in fact all I heard was how amazing everything was. I had the steak and eggs and the steak was cooked perfectly, exactly how I requested. We also had the friend chicken biscuit appetizer - several people in our group ordered this actually - and everyone LOVED it. We got to pour our own OJ in our glasses after the servers filled our glasses with champagne - this was my favorite part. I love being able to control the oj amount for a mimosa, it's too often that restaurants don't allow this and it's a 50/50 ratio, and I hate that! I have nothing but great things to say about this place. White table clothes, perfect service, amazing food, and even the host and hostess were so welcoming and nice to us. HIGHLY recommend for a casual live jazz brunch but still upscale food and service! No dress code! What are you waiting for? Make your reservation now!This establishment is beautiful. the food menu looks astounding, and the bar was top notch. The bar tender here is world famous and makes amazing drinks. You can drink at the bar or on the gorgeous patio.Took a group of 6 for drinks and dinner last evening.  The happy hour in bar was great their cocktail and wine selection is good.  They don't offer anything to snack on s purchase of chicken satay and pomme frites were in order for a nominal charge.  The dining room was elegant but relaxed.  Our waitstaff was lacking in attention to our table had to get up twice to ask about drinks and then again dessert.  The food was excellent fresh and prepared properly. Would i return ?  Maybe... there are so many options in the French Quarter.We celebrated our honeymoon with dinner at Broussard's, and it was excellent from the beginning. Staff met us at the door and made us feel welcome as our table was prepared. Wendy and Lionel provided great service, helping us make the right menu choices throughout our evening, and balancing privacy with attention. 
Every detail of our night exceeded expectations and we will happily remember tonight forever !Dined here for the first time today with my family (Easter Sunday).......and although the food was good, the terrible service just killed any chances of it receiving anything higher than 3 stars from me. To be honest, if it weren't for the food being so good, I would have given it only 2 stars. 
We were seated at 2:30, and didn't leave until 5:00, and not by choice. It took THAT long to get our food. We all got their three course Sunday brunch, and there was about a 30 minute delay between each course. Our appetizers were wrong, my main course had to be sent back because my steak was cooked well done even though I ordered medium rare, they tried to short us on sides that we ordered, and didn't even bring out ice cream with the bread pudding. All was corrected, but each correction added another 15-20 minutes. To sum up, food tasted good but only when it was right, and service needs a LOT of work.Couldn't find shrimp creole anywhere but Broussard's had it. Great upscale dining experience, we enjoyed it so much we ate here twice.Broussard's is considered one of the New Orleans "big four" (Antoine's, Arnaud's, and Galatoire's being the other three).  This place looks elegant, but has no dress-code. The food and service were excellent during my visit there with my brother in late-February!  Alexandria, who took my cocktail order, suggested the Hurricane, which is sweet and much better than the Pat O'Brien's version (in my opinion). Next I had the Lump Crab Ravigote salad, followed by the main entree of Gulf Drumfish Bonaparte, and Bittersweet Chocolate Pave for dessert....all three were delicious! Would definitely go back to Broussard's again for a meal....they seem to be one of the famous New Orleans restaurants that many visitors overlook, and I am so glad that we gave them a try! Thanks for a memorable dining experience!Wow.  Might be the worst meal I have ever had.  Service was awkward.  My fiancé and I split 2 appetizers, the fried oysters and the fried chicken and biscuit plates...oysters were slimy, over creamed spinach but nothing fancy, and the fried chicken and biscuit dish was served with a wilted (read: limp and light brown around edges) Cole slaw and an Asian type sweet and sour sauce on the side that made it feel like a poorly executed Pei Wei appetizer.  We split the "strip special" with sweet potato, a crab cake and a single crawfish...the strip was as close to a heated frozen food section Salisbury steak as you can get, and the crab cake tasted like Pepperidge Farm stuffing you'd have at Thanksgiving.  We had a side of haricot verts almondine for a vegetable which were nothing special (but, the only fresh ingredient used in the entire meal) and not an almond sliver in sight.  I ordered a Pimms Cup to drink which mentioned seasonal/fresh fruit but came out looking like brown pool water with ZERO fruit and tasted like a cheap bar Long Island iced tea.  I am not a picky eater by any means but this entire experience was just BAD.  We left most of our food and ate something else somewhere else later.As a local New Orleanean, I have a never-ending and, somehow, continually growing bucket list of restaurants to check out. Broussard's had been on my list for a while and I finally made it out there a couple of months ago. The experience was amazing and memorable!Everyone from the hostess, to the servers and the managers were friendly, welcoming and helped to create a special evening for my group. 
     The food and drinks were simply sinful!! To start, I had the Peruvian Cherry Blossom Cocktail. It was smooth and delicious! I was with a bigger group but some of my favorite dishes at the table were the Abita Amber BBQ Shrimp starter, the Pompano & Andouille Cake and last but certainly not least, the mushroom dusted Ostrich Filet!! Pompano is a popular fish in the city and I have had it at many restaurants, but this is definitely my new favorite preparation. Everything on the menu really accents traditional Louisiana cooking in a delectable and unique way! To top it all off we kind of overdid it with dessert, having shared almost all of the items on the menu... but it was worth it! The bread pudding was delicious, along with their house made ice cream trio and my personal favorite, their Bananas Foster, which is prepared table side!! 
     Before we left, Jovani, our server, was nice enough to show me their beautiful courtyard and informed me of their Sunday Jazz Brunches, which I am excited to stop in for one day soon! As a local, I would definitely suggest Broussard's to others! With the plethora of restaurants to choose from in New Orleans, and particularly in the French Quarter, this restaurant is an absolute must!Overall, nothing with recommending about this place. Extraordinarily overpriced, but wouldn't have been great at half the price. The food was ok at best, my fried chicken was way overcooked. The service was terrible. Granted, we had a group of 10, but we had reservations and 2 servers, so they should have been able to handle it. For example, I asked about what beers they had, and was told "well, we have ipas..." Ya think? That was as specific as she could get. Multiple drink orders forgotten, etc. Much better food, better service, better value elsewhere.I came here for a company dinner recently and I was a bit nervous by the gamy menu. I have had fine dining many times before but not one that had game meats. I stuck with fish and got the sea bass which was the fish they had because the other fish on the menu they ran out of. The sea bass was very good. Overall, I would go back but again for someone that does not like game meats their is fish and steak on the menu. I didn't get dessert but my other co workers enjoyed the dessert.Excellent food, good service and reasonably priced. Perfect setting for our bachelorette brunch. Bottomless mimosas for $12 and a live trio to play music on request. Would definitely come back for another meal or special occasion.Brunch and bottomless mimosas are wonderful! What honestly earns this fifth star is the service. Second to none, and the entire staff is incredible! The food is the best I've had while down here and the atmosphere is perfect! Jupiter (our waiter) was absolutely incredible and honestly made the experience!The only reason it gets two stars is because of the courteous bartender who also waited on us.  Drinks were good, food was not. One meal could have been bad and undercooked.  When I say "bad" I mean spoiled.  We sent it sent back, and it left a bad enough taste to abruptly leave.  We were hoping for a really good meal after being sent here by our hotel concierge. Didn't happen.Rita.  Bartender extraordinaire.   Best damn classy drinks in the Quarter.  Friendly - even though high-end - you can go to the bar in shorts & feel the love. Go for the famous Ramos Gin Fizz.  Come back for Happy Hour snacks.  Amazing.  Our Go-To stop to cool off, hydrate & recharge.   Drinks are amazing & food is fabulous!  I want to become the Duchess here.  It's that good!We opted for the prix fixe Reveillon. Wow! What a pleasant surprise!  The fish entree, drum served with andouille potato hash and a creole meunière sauce was excellent. Great umami! We will return.This place was nice. We had a 12:30 reservation , got there at 12 and they had a table ready in about 5 min on a Sunday. It has a very classic southern feel. The food was so good, a little pricy but the experience is worth the price. They have a live music group that plays jazz and goes around the restaurant. 
Service was amazing! Specifically our two servers Sterling & Don. They provided amazing service!! Sterling never left my mimosa glass empty for more than 2 minutes lol! 
5/5 recommend!Went tonight around 8:45 and sat at the bar with maybe 2 other people at the bar. We ordered an appetizer and then the $19.20 special for both of us. It took over an hour to get the food. We were way past ready to go by the time we got the food. The 3 stars is because they gave us each a free glass of wine for the wait and bc the food was good. It wasn't good enough for the wait though. I had the duck and my friend had the brisket. We also had the scallops appetizer on the reg menu which was really good.My wife and stopped for dinner. Food was very good. The service was good as well.
Would have rated higher. Made reservations on line arrived for dinner. Was seated right away. Only problem was the web site had no dress code listed. So we where moved from the dining room to the patio due to the fact I was wearing shorts. Told hostess web site said nothing about a dress code her reply was were trying to get them to change that. To sum it up food was good service was good. Need to let people know about dress code.First of all, I would like to comment on the services provided. It was out of this world!!! The maitre D, Menard(I hope I didn't butcher your name but on the other hand, I hope you are reading this comment), was genuinely polite, friendly, nice, and funny.  That night, we (the only noisy Asian group and my boyfriend who isn't) enjoyed the food and his humor. Honestly, even if the food were tasteless, we would have walked out happy too! If the owner of Broussard's is reading this, please do not allow Menard to leave you. He makes the whole dining experience memorable. Our waiter also offered excellent service. However, my only regret is I don't remember his name and we did not take a picture with them. I only have pics of the food! We were all also very satisfied with the quality and presentation of our dishes. If I ever go back to NOLA, I would definitely dine at Broussard's again!!My main motivation to go to New Orleans again was to go back to Broussard's. I love it. I was a bit sad that a few of my favorite menu items were removed, but nevertheless, my food was still awesome. Food is great, service is superb, atmosphere is cozy.I'd leave zero stars if I could. Came for a Bachelor party and the waiter slammed down our checks and told us to separate them ourselves.An excellent recommendation by Amex! By far the most amazing customer experience I have had I recent years. I cannot say enough kind things about the staff especially Menard!Sunday brunch here with a group of ten and we were not disappointed.  It took them a few minutes to get our table ready even though we had a reservation, but afterwards, the service was superb. 
With the jazz music trio playing, we enjoyed  a variety of items from the brunch menu that were all delicious and well prepared.  I tried most of the dishes and could not pick a favorite. They also accommodated a couple of food allergies.  
We will be back!We had never visted this restaurant and wanted to try it while they were offering their anniversary special, 3 courses for $19.20. I had the fish as my entree and it was delicious. My husband had the BBQ brisket, also delicious. We also ordered an extra appetizer, the scallops, which were great. While the meal was inexpensive the drinks were not -- we ordered the house wine, chardonnay, and were charged $12.00 per glass. I guess that is where they make up for the low cost of the meal. TIP - buy a glass of house wine from the bar before being seated. At the bar it is only $5.00 per glass.  Another TIP - don't use online link to make reservations, call restaurant directly. Open Table said there were no tables available until 8:45pm. I called and got a table for 4 at 6:00pm. Restaurant was not crowded and service was excellent.Not going back. The service was lacking. Nice waiter but couldn't keep up with tables. The drinks were the only thing worth the visit. The fish dish was so salty and loaded with spices that I couldn't eat it. My friends found too much garlic in one dish and the other had a hair in her food. The appetizer was even worse. The dessert was average at best. This was my second visit and it will be my last.First evening in New Orleans we wandered into the Empire Bar at Broussard's for our second happy hour of the night. Tom was delightful as our bartender and explained all of the drink specials. When he mentioned $6 absithine we were intrigued. Neither of us had tried one so we acutally ordered one to share not knowing what to expect. Tom graciously prepared our absinthe while explaining in detail the entire process and answering our questions. If you've never had and absinthe this is the place to try it. Let me tell you after splitting one we were glad we did. They are not for the faint of heart and if you're a "lightweight" like us that may be the way to go. We also got the crab and corn beignets. Yum. This is a beautiful bar with a great happy hour. We'll have to try it for and entire meal next time.Their Chicken Over Waffle is to die for! We were a party of 9 people and the bottomless mimosas were every bit true to their word.. We could barely see the bottom before they were replenished. Such impeccable service is rare. The band is great and the overall vibe of the place is amazing. The brunch here was one of the highlights of our trips to Nola!Absolutely love this place. Came here for dinner and everything was incredible. They were completely booked, but we sat in the bar area and it was perfect. The three course New Year's Eve dinner was everything and more. I would totally recommend this place and will definitely be back!What a fabulous restaurant. We attended a wedding here and the food was outstanding. The restaurant itself was beautiful, the courtyard is stunning. Highly recommended for dinner and as a wedding venue. 
5 stars!!!We met the most wonderful knowledgeable bartender, on the planet!!  Tom, continued success, Broussard's (Empire Room) is lucky to have you! I have a new appreciation of Absinthe, ......... and Van Gogh (lol) !!I was excited about dining here as its a really cool place, but just can't provide a full level of support giving the issues we had. We did have a big party (13) on a Saturday night during jazz fest, and our reserved table was ready on-time. We received our drinks about 20 minutes after ordering, appetizers after 1 hour, and entrees 1 hour and 45 minutes after ordering. I am not joking, and they were not very busy, it was the longest wait for dinner I've every had (excluding when we were purposely taking a very long dinner). 
When we finally received our dinner, most of it was very tasty.  I had the creole shrimp which were absolutely drenched in cayenne pepper, I am a spicy food kind of guy and the cayenne was so overpowering you couldn't taste anything else. The oysters Brounssards were three tiny flash-fried oysters, good but for $15? My adjacent table mates both had the cajun shrimp with penne pasta.  One guy had several huge, grilled gulf shrimp (15-20 size) with the tail on, and the person next to him, with the same dish, had several small white shrimp (30-40 size) with no grill marks and no tail. Looked very much as though they ran out of big shrimp. I tried the hanger steak and it was exceptional. The Sazerac cocktails e were served were luke warm by the time we received them, but we did order ten. 
One thing they were very prompt about was bringing more wine. The jazz brunch sounds like a better idea.Mimosas are excellent. Bread....ahh. Food, I have no idea because It's been 2 hours and we still don't have any.
By the way, no reflection on Rachel our waitress. She was amazing, bless her heart.Loved it. First time for Sunday brunch and we are ready to do it again. Excellent service, beautiful courtyard setting, delightful jazz trio, wonderful conversation with friends and a very tasty meal . Don't miss out!!Before we get to the food, lets talk service. The entire staff and team at Broussard's is well deserving of all the accolades many of the other yelp reviews have given. This was one of the more memorable dining experiences we had during our trip to NOLA. Friendly and attentive service without being overbearing. 
Food was excellent. If you are looking for traditional French Creole, do yourself a favor and come here.I hate giving this place a low rating, but it is what it is. When my parents and I were seated at a table, they forgot to bring us napkins. How do you forget that? The waitress in charge of our food barely served us, so the waitress who had been in charge of our drinks had to help us the entire time. The service was mediocre, but some of the waitresses were pretty nice. The food took forever to arrive, and we were only in New Orleans for a day (we had been there for at least 30 minutes waiting). Only when we asked the waitress about our food did we receive it. They were also pretty discriminatory to us. While we were waiting for a table, a white couple walked in. My mom heard the hostess say that it would look bad if we weren't seated before the couple, so we were placed at a random table. Then, that couple was seated and received great service and their food much quicker than we did. The food was really good, but the prices, quantity and the wait (unless you're willing to wait and willing to pay about $25 per dish) weren't really worth it.Absolutely delicious!! Our waitress was very attentive and kept filling out water AND bottomless mimosas. And for $12 you can't beat the bottomless mimosa offer. They constantly refill your glass with champagne and bring a glass of orange juice to the table to be added to your drink. The food came out relatively quickly for a busy Sunday and was warm and delicious. And the atmosphere is gorgeous. They even had a live band which went table to table and asked if they could play for you. Will definitely be returning!!Came in for brunch today with a group.  Champagne was consistent.  Service was attentive.  Live music was great.
For a started we had this yummy cheesy crab dish with bread
Chicken and waffle - Fried chicken was flavorful and waffle was ok but didn't like the syrup though.
Shrimp and crab omelette was tasty.We went for weekend brunch and really liked it. Great service, friendly and professional staff, a nice jazz trio. The turtle soup is excellent but the shrimp and crab benedict and the southern fried chicken and waffles are simply wonderful!Had a company dinner here. Broussard's is rich in history and beauty. The courtyard is one the nicest and most expansive I've ever seen, and with the French doors opened up in the large room off the main dining area you have a nice view of it. 
After some frustrated bill transfer bartender/server issues we made our way to our dining area. (A place like this shouldn't have any of their frontline team visibly showing their frustrations over bill transfer issues - sort it out later, and not in front of customers.)
Every hors d'oeuvres was not only incredibly presented, but incredibly tasting. Well done on this front Broussard's. I tried the mushroom dusted ostrich filet for my entree - not the best bird I've ever had, but most likely due to my expectations being so high fresh off the hors d'oeuvres. 
The service continued to decline throughout the course of the meal - there just seemed to be some odd sense of combined frustration from the entire serving staff. I found this very unsettling, since our group's bill was definitely near five figures with a guaranteed 18% for the serving staff.
At any rate, I'd go back again, but only as a four top or less. It's at least worth stopping in and taking a tour next time you're in NOLA. And the maitre d' was extremely generous with some historical information as well.Go for the set menu. The food is fantastic and the restaurant has a long history. Never can go wrong.This is one of the classic New Orleans Creole fine dining establishments of legendary lore.  New owners have taken the helm and seem to have been improving upon it while experiencing some inconsistencies that seem to be smoothing out.  The food has generally been good here but I've had some things that didn't meet my expectations a few times.  The biggest issues here seem to relate to service and at an establishment of this caliber service is certainly held to a high standard by those of us who hold our New Orleans dining traditions sacred.  I think they have put the right team in place and seem to be running a more consistent operation.  The bar has been top notch on every visit I've made so if they can maintain consistency in the dining room service and kitchen operations they should easily earn more stars from me.  The courtyard here is a very pleasant space when they weather is agreeable while happy hour and their Jazz Brunch are probably two of the best times to sample the offerings here.I came here with 7 friends for Easter brunch this past Sunday. The service was very friendly, and they had decked out the lobby with this great Easter tree, and there was a live band going around serenading everyone. And they were very generous about replenishing our bottomless mimosa/rose orders. 
However, the kitchen must have been short-staffed because it took us at least an hour to get our appetizers (and one of our friends got his soup about 20 minutes before the rest of us). There was maybe another 45 minutes in between the apps and our entrees. The waitstaff didn't even offer bread to tide us over until I asked for it. And although the waitstaff apologized on multiple occasions about the long wait, they didn't comp anything for us - and they still charged us a flat 20% gratuity. 
And to top it all off, I'm pretty sure the illness I succumbed to later that afternoon and into Monday was food poisoning (for future reference, I ordered the turtle soup and the shrimp and crab benedict). 
Thankfully this was my second trip to New Orleans, so I didn't miss as much on my vacation as I could have. But when I return, I will probably not be stopping here again.Favorite restaurant on our trip by far(of the six we tried, after Yelp research of course). Would actually rate as 4.5 as it was a little slow for service. Gumbo was very good. Turtle soup more of a chili, primarily because I went light on the sherry, but I liked it better that way. Wife had the shrimp/crab pasta (sans crab) and it was delicious. I had the crabmeat gratinee to start, great flavor, good bread. Gulf fish almandine was outstanding. Kind of like a fish marsala. They have a cool courtyard. Great atmosphere, old with a lot of history, but open, and airy (we tried another old school place that was downright musty). Great place to go!My family chose this place for my dads 60th birthday, so I made a reservation here Day of. This place wasn't completely packed and our service was friendly but a little slow. Overall the food was good. I ordered a three course entree with a shellfish appetizer that sounded on the menu to be more extravagant than it turned out to be, my entree was a filet mignon with crab that was delicious and cooked perfectly. We upgraded the dessert from bread pudding to bananas foster which was yummy and a fun "at the table" presentation. Meal was great but when we needed to leave in a hurry they were less than accommodating. Took a while to close out when we handed over a card without receiving itemized receipt first. Oh and the waiter advised us when we asked to uber to the royal sonesta rather than walk which was less than one block away!!!!! That was upsetting to me when we (6of us) got in the car with only to see it on the next corner.If you don't mind paying top dollar for some eggs, then GO HERE! The outdoor patio was beautiful with a live jazz band playing in the background. Service was a bit slow -took about an hour and 4 rounds of mimosas before we got our food; and we drank our bottomless mimosas faster than they could keep up. Chicken and waffles were bomb af, and the seafood eggs benny was delicious. The 2 people in our group who got the burgers were disappointed in how well-done their meat patty was, however. In the end, our waiters sent us home with to-go cups of mimosas :DWonderful brunch experience! Food was delicious (shrimp and crab omelet with bottomless mimosas!) and the service was excellent. It's so refreshing to encounter a well managed staff that seems to genuinely appreciate your visit. The courtyard is charming, and the live jazz trio was just the icing on top. Much more relaxed and less rushed than the crowded brunch buffet a few streets over. We will definitely be back on our next visit to New Orleans!Highly recommend this place! They are so very accommodating and the food is absolutely amazing. I have come here while in town for bachelorette party and also with a smaller group of people. You will be very pleased no matter the occasion. I will be coming back every time I'm visiting NOLA.BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.
Now that I've got your attention, I'm pretty sure you've figured out that Broussards is your best bet for a GNO Brunch. As it was the case for me and my friends. Reservations are critical here as the restaurant gets lots of traffic from tourists and visitors. It's also casual here so don't be alarmed if you see beautiful decorated French decor and waiters in formal attire. It all good because it's the Big Easy. 
What I love about NOLA is all the lively music and Broussards has a great trio of musicians who perform classic songs right next to their table. Although they should brush up on their Cole Porter. I requested them to play one and they only knew "Anything Goes". But I'll take it.
The food takes a long time. I mean a ridiculously long time. It could have been because a giant table of women were seated next to our table and was just then getting to their dessert which means the kitchen probably hadnt even begun our order. 
The food is really delicious but I tried the chicken and waffles and I was disappointed that the chicken was rather dry. The seafood crab cakes are a great choice if you're looking for something filling but not too full, unique to the NOLA cuisine, and decent in price.The food was outstanding but unfortunately the service was terrible. In their defense they had a wedding going on so make you sure you ask about special events going on and make sure you book a night without them. The wine list was confusing and had no value. All the wines worth drinking were very expensive. 3X retail at least.Whenever I travel I always set aside a day for a "white linen table cloth" meal.  I chose Broussard's ironically because it was listed in some brochure I received about various restaurants and sightseeing destinations across New Orleans. I'm usually reluctant to try these places, as they are mostly tourist traps, however the Yelp reviews were decent and I wanted to experience a NOLA jazz brunch.  I was blown away by the elegance of the decor and I loved the bees ( a nod to Napoleon) that could be found on the plates and the draperies. The band was gracious, the staff accommodating and the service was impeccable.  The only reason I'm not able to give 5 stars is because I found the menu to be somewhat limited. In spite of the limited menu,  the food was delicious and I would highly recommend visiting, particularly for a celebration or other special occasion:Went for brunch on a Friday and I think they are the best brunch I've had in New Orleans. And that is a great feat. Bottomless mimosas are good. And we had the chicken and waffles and shrimp and crab omelet which were both amazing! A little expensive but that was expected. First time going and I'll definitely go back.We went on 10/6/2013 to try the newly renovated restaurant.  Being there was a wedding party on the main room, we were placed in the back dining area which was just as elegant but more quaint at the same time.  Started off with oysters three ways which was a nice appetizer.  The pigs feet amuse bouche made of pigs feet was great.   Three of the four of us thought we heard pigs feet but we said "no, we must of heard wrong", only to have it confirmed by the manager.  We followed with lamb chops, jumbo shrimp, red fish and halibut entrees.  The fish were solid but nothing extraordinarily memorable.  The lamb was fantastic and the shrimp were very good.  Finished it off with home made pistachio ice cream and a creme brûlée.  Did I also mention 3 bottles of wine with one being comped (thank you Chris)!  Definitely a new and great renovation!Great food and service. Located in the French Quarters on Conti street. I recommend the Louisiana Bonaparte.While in New Orleans we were looking for a place to have brunch. We found Broussard's and made a reservation not knowing what to expect. First let me say that making the reservation at Broussard's was one of the best choices ever. From the moment you walk in you're greeted with a smile and all the staff is extremely friendly. Friday through Sunday they do a jazz brunch that is wonderful. A small group of musicians which were highly skilled walked around the restaurant playing classic New Orleans jazz and everything far between as well. 
The atmosphere is very good and has lots of natural light from the big windows all around which scatter light through the many classic crystal chandeliers you'd expect to find in an original New Orleans style building. Very sophisticated and elegant feeling throughout the entire restaurant. 
The food for brunch was all wonderful and the menu had a good selection of items including New Orleans style French toast, steak and eggs, and other southern inspired items. The crab Benedict was amazing and I would highly recommend it. From the appetizer section the chicken biscuit on a sweet potato biscuit was beyond amazing. Everything was extremely full flavored and presented well. The best deal of the jazz brunch is the $12 bottomless mimosas which can be made with champagne or rose. They have a good selection of juices for mixing or you can simply drink the champagne plain if you want. 
The servers were all very personable and quickly become friends with everyone at your table. They answered all questions and did their best to accommodate all requests. They're very knowledgeable about the menu and make very good recommendations if you can't decide between items. They also let us know that if you're celebrating a birthday they give you a complimentary dessert! 
Broussard's is definitely a stand out for brunch and probably as well as dinner. The meal will be remembered not only because the experience but from the good oyster forks given as a gift in a lanyard for the holidays. Can't wait to come back!The best dining experience in NOLA! We went to Broussard's Sunday Jazz Brunch for my sisters 30th birthday and had a wonderful dining experience. Everyone ordered the bottomless mimosas. The staff kept them coming. . A few of us ordered the chicken biscuit appetizer and it was so so so good!! For my entree I ordered the shrimp and crab Benedict. The shrimp  in the croquet were much bigger than expected and it was very tasty. The service is what truly made this an exceptional dining experience. The band sang happy birthday to my sister, the managers stopped by to make sure we were enjoying ourselves and the wait staff is just the best. Definitely a place to visit when in NOLA!Great jazz music, bottomless mimosas, and delicious traditional southern breakfast. I'd recommend coming here but be sure to checkout the patio area. And don't be intimidated by the seemingly fanciness to it. You can wear whatever and expect the service to be great!Service: The servers were both very friendly and nice but the food took forever to arrive (50 mins) and the place wasn't really crowded. I'm not sure if it's because we asked for the food to come out at once, but this was brunch food & salad. 
Food: Food was okay, nothing special. The eggs Benedict English muffin was so tough to cut. They have $12 bottomless mimosas so that's a plus. 
Overall, I'd come here if you want ok food & don't mind waiting!I took my wife here to celebrate her birthday. It was an excellent choice! It exceeded our expectations. The service from everyone in the restaurant was beyond compare. They were professional, but friendly and down-to-earth. Our food selections were absolutely delish!! The wine list was extensive, but pricy (which is to be expected in an upscale establishment), but since it was a special occasion, we decided to splurge. We highly recommend Broussard's!Eleven of us celebrated my daughters 30th birthday at the jazz brunch. I can't possibly express how wonderful the whole experience was. When I called to make reservations Rebecca was very enthusiastic about Zoe's party. She listened attentively and had some good suggestions for the party. The wait staff was so attentive and worked hard to make sure everything was perfect. The mimosas were the best I've ever had and not one glass was ever empty. The food was served in a timely matter and everyone commented on how much they liked their dish. We never felt rushed and had everything we needed. The music was festive and the performers played tirelessly. Thank you for making the day special for all of us!I came here specifically to taste master mixologist Paul Gustings' cocktail the Ruby Rangoon Star- delectable!  He recommended the crab and corn chowder and I'm already planning my next trip to NOLA just to have this again! See you next time, Paul!Amazing!  One of the best places I ate at in New Orleans....I'd say it's a hidden gem.
We went for the Sunday Jazz brunch and had a great time.  The food was exquisite, the service really good, and the jazz band made it fun.
I highly recommend itHAPPY FACES ALL AROUND. 
We came here over MLK Weekend for a girls brunch of 12, and had booked these reservations 2 months in advance as we had a large group ($25 cancellation fee / head if you cancel less than 24 hours in advance). They also accommodated splitting our checks without us even asking which was amazing, as nobody else over the weekend was nearly as willing. 
Atmosphere: I`ll be the first to say that we did not really understand what we were walking into. We showed up in converse and sweatshirts, whereas the clientele was definitely nicely dressed (churchgoers, dressed up couples). Despite this, the staff was so great to us-- our mimosas were never empty and they even gave us to-go cups when we were heading out. The music was great and they also came around to all of the various tables and took requests. 
Food: Additionally, the food was delicious. Every single person loved their dishes- with the crowd favorites being the Chicken & Waffles and the Shrimp & Grits. The burger & the vegetable quiche were not far behind. My one thing was the Citrus Avocado Salad which I got as a starter was okay but overdressed. I would go straight for the good stuff next time :) 
I'd definitely return to Broussards.My friends and I had a very disappointing experience at Broussard's on New Years Eve. We spend a great deal of time in advance scoping out somewhere more formal to kick off the night. This year we settled on Broussard's. 
We showed up for our 7 p.m. reservation and were seated in the last table of a back room.  This is where things went rapidly downhill. Our waiter made it very clear from the start that he had no interest in working that evening.  He refused to speak for most of the night and left us trying to pry answers out him for basic questions.  i.e. is there a wine list?  may we please order now?
Some of our group decided on the price fixe menu for the evening and others ordered off the standard menu.  To say that service was slow is an extreme understatement.  It took 2.5 hours before we got our entrees.  We watched as other tables seemed to receive food in a timely manner, but we were not one of them.  
At one point the waiter brought over a bread basket with various spreads to add to them. We tried to flag our waiter down for 15 minutes to ask the ingredients due to an allergy one of the guests had, but we never got him.
There were multiple time periods of more than 20 minutes where we did not see our server.  We got up twice looking for him.  
He brought out the third course and chose not to clear away the previous course plates.  At one point a manager came by and realized we had an insane amount of plates that we were literally stacking up on the table. He cleared those, but made no effort to help with the overall service problem.  
We ended up skipping the dessert course which was included in the price fixe menu because the service was so insanely slow and we had now wasted more than 3 hours trying to eat a meal.  We spoke to a different manager at the end, who quite frankly, wasn't that concerned.
I'd love to tell you that the food is wonderful and worth the effort.  But it was overshadowed so completely by the lack of any type of customer service.  Good luck to you if you choose to try this one.The first time we had been to Broussard's for brunch. First of all, the brunch menu that I saw on line was out of date, so imagine my surprise when I arrive at a brunch to find that there was only one egg selection, aside from the side order eggs. The rest of this so called brunch menu is just a burger, some sandwiches and what can only otherwise be described as lunch.  
My husband and our guest had the only egg dish which they said was very good.  I had the burger which was also good and our other guest had the shrimp and grits which was the best of the lot. We then had a chocolate dessert which was very good and an awful cheese plate. The cheese plate had 4 types of cheese and a few grapes on it. There was no bread or crackers with which to eat the cheese.  The mimosa service was indeed endless so that was good, although at the end of the meal they tried to stop serving. Our very nice waiter brought back the cava. 
Our friend ordered a Machiatto, and was served espresso with too much milk.  
The service was good, although confused at times.  
I would not return for brunch, because I like a breakfast food focus at brunch and Broussard's does not have that.Friendliest staff ever.  Great food,  l
killer brunch.  If you get a chance eat outside their patio, they play great local jazz (on loud speakers) ...just sit there and pound mimosas 'til it's time to hit the town.My husband and I went for our anniversary dinner while on vacation in the French Quarter. We had made reservations weeks in advance and they actually called to confirm the day before :). Upon arrival we told them our names and were seated immediately.  The waiter also was prompt and greeted us by name.  The hurricanes are very yummy and fresh.  The bread could use some work, it's almost brick like.  
For our appetizers we had the shrimp and crab cake. The sauce and the cake were amazing the right amount of spice and kick.  We also had the potato soup.  It was the most amazing thing I've tried in a long time.  Entrees were the Filet Mignon cooked a perfect medium with lump crab stuffed mushroom.  This was by far the best meal I have ever had.  You could tell it was made with love! !! I highly recommend this wonderful establishment to anyone its a must try!!!It took 3 hours for brunch. Drinks took 45 minutes to show up. I had chicken and waffles, a bad try st best. After a bad experience they comped the drinks big deal we just wanted a nice brunch. Save you money and stay away.Amazing experience during their jazz brunch. Bottomless mimosas, great food, and amazing service.Beautiful restaurant. Delicious, but my fish (Caribbean Long Line) was very very salty. But we enjoyed the restaurant in general, and would return. Quite a romantic setting.Amazing dining experience. Flavor and textures were rooted firmly in tradition but also took modern steps of flavor and texture combinations that were immensely successful. First, the bread. They bring you out hot fresh bread and it is the best French bread I have ever had outside of France (lived there for several years). I had the seasonal soup which was a mushroom coliflpur and crab (cream based?) soup and had amazing flavors and a teeny spice kick at the end to make sure you knew you were in NOLA! The crab itself was delicious. Then, for entrée I had the lamb chops with goat cheese mashed potatoes, spicy mint jelly (like, legit spicy) and TOASTED OR BAKED Noisettes with were AMAZING. I was freaking out the entire time I was eating the dish because of how good all the elements were separately and combined. For dessert was lemon tart. The texture of the lemon curd was unlike anything I have ever had - imagine a starburst candy got made into smooth icing. I hate too sweet deserts and this was beautifully balanced. All dishes came out quickly, service was good and I had a memorable meal. Merci beaucoup, c'était merveilleux!Visiting Broussard's feels like going back in time.  The dining room has an upscale, Victorian sort of feel, with white tablecloths, plush chairs and chandeliers.  Set to the backdrop of the roving jazz musicians who toured the dining room playing for each table, I felt like I was transported to another era.  
My friends and I took advantage of the $12 per person unlimited mimosas, which proved to be a great deal -- they kept our glasses full and even gave us a mimosa to go and take around the Quarter with us at the end of our meal. 
I had the barbecue shrimp and grits entree, which was pricey for brunch at $24, but rich, decadent and tasty.  Our favorite thing was the dessert though; we got the peanut butter mousse, which was SO decadent and delicious.  We ate every bite and were super excited about it.
The only real drawback to Broussard's is that it isn't cheap: for sharing a sweet potato biscuit, 3 brunch entrees, mimosas and sharing 1 dessert between 3 people we came in at about $50/pp.  But, I think for the experience and the quality of some of the food, it's worth it.  If you're looking for a uniquely NOLA experience like a jazz brunch, I definitely recommend checking it out!