Cute rowdy college bar! The jukebox has all sorts of options so there's always some fun music on, and the cheap beer pitchers and outdoor seating keeps me there for hours. I really enjoy the crowd, I've never seen anyone belligerent there even though it's a lot of younger kids who may or may not be 21. They are well behaved and typically enjoy a beer or two and some food. The burgers are good and the fries even better. I enjoy sitting outside with a group of friends toward the end of our night. They have Stella on tap which is fantastic for a pitcher of beer. Everyone is nice, music and ambiance are great and prices are a plus. Love it here and will go over the Boot any day!The Bruno's I knew went I frequented it is no more. That is now rocco's. I was thus, always resistant to the new "Super-Bruno's." Nevertheless, this place has grown on me as of late, special thanks to the Debris Fries. The Debris Poboy is great too. Definitely worth stopping by to catch the game, have some beers, and a food.Will NEVER Return 
They didn't have a vegetarian item on the menu so I asked the server if I could have a grilled cheese.  She replied (annoyed that I had the audacity to make such a request) "there is only one person the chef will make a grill cheese for and he's a regular" and she stormed off.  After sitting for a while (I was on lunch with coworkers), she comes back and I inquire if I had made an order; she spits at me something to the extent of "well, yea."  At that point I tack on a side salad to my order and I thought she was going to lose it.  Food was subpar.  I was charged not only for a full hamburger, but the extra cost of ordering a cheeseburger.  I absolutely should have spoken to the manager but was avoiding a scene in front of my coworkers.If you want to watch a college football game somewhere uptown that has cheap drinks, this is the place. There are some other bars in the area that I prefer well over Brunos, but on Saturday during College Football season, you can find me here.
Buckets of domestics during game for $12. And the cheese fries are awesome! There is not much else on the menu that I would order besides the fries. 
Service is meh....okay. Sometime, they forget about our drinks or food. And watch out for automatic 18% gratuity on game days, even if its just two people. Only made that mistake once.Decent place, but pretentious dress code and rude bartenders.  Also, I've seen the servers leave food out on side of bar counter for ten minutes before serving, so don't expect right out of the kitchen food.If you're going to eat here you have to get the Debris Fries. Wicked good. My friends and I would come here just for those and drinks. Salads are huge, my friend would get the Flaming Bruno burger and said it was his favorite. Good drink specials. Small outdoor patio area but alot of room on the inside. Definitely more of a college bar scene with good pub food if thats what you are looking for.This is the only bar I go to on Maple street. I'll only go to the other ones if Bruno's is packed. Theres a lot of space and there is plenty of LIGHTING, so I know who the heck I'm talking to. They have some good drink specials. TV's are everywhere, so football games are always fun. The staff is friendly and they pick up drinks pretty quickly, so you don't have a million glasses lying around everywhere. 
Check it out. You'll have a good time.I live a couple of blocks from Bruno's. I'm not there every week but I go frequently enough. Tonight,around 8:00 PM, I went with a buddy to get some wings and what I hoped to be a couple of beers or more while we watched the NBA Finals. It was reasonably busy, but not packed. We sat at a table and had a twenty-something frat boy / ex-military type server  with an LSU cap waiting on us. He's f**cking horrible. It took him at least 5 to 10 minutes to get us our first beers. Sometime later we ordered a second round of beers and he never brought them. He must have forgotten while he was socializing with the bartenders who were also obviously too busy socializing or not giving a sh#t to be doing their jobs. Basically, he and the bartenders appeared to not want to be there at all. 
After a while of waiting (10 to 15 minutes), I gave up on getting our second round of beers and flagged the server down for our check. He brought it promptly but we waited about 10 minutes while he stood at the bar and talked with the girls and then just randomly walked out of the room for a while. At one point, I think he and the bartenders had seen me looking over at them, probably with a crappy look (rightfully so) on my face, thinking they might see me and maybe remember to do their jobs. I am pretty sure they then made it a point to ignore us on purpose after that as I know they all saw me looking in their direction and I was visibly annoyed. After a long while, we walked up to the bar and got change so we could pay in cash.  We left enough cash to pay our tab with a $1 tip. He didn't even deserve that. He still had not come back into the bar from wherever it was he had made his exit to. 
As someone who has worked in the service industry, I am always very nice to those who pour my drinks and bring me food... and I am usually an overly-generous tipper. However, this service at Bruno's tonight was inexcusable. I don't know that I will be back for quite a while. I'll walk to Cooter Brown's instead. Uptown places that hire college (aged) kids who think they're too good to do their jobs are starting to get old.So I've been here a bunch for saints games and usually it's pretty fun bc it feels like a locals bar but today they only had the saints game on like 3 TVs. It felt like half the bar was watching all the other teams playing around the US. In addition one of the TVs had golf on. Golf! On a sunday during football season! Golf should be watched at home on a couch or at the country club or yacht club on a sunday. It should definitely not be taking up a TV at a "local" sports bar. 
Plus tons of people smoking and yes, I know it's a bar, but it sucks coming out of a bar at 3 pm on a Sunday afternoon (vs 2am on a Saturday night) and smelling like a cigarette. 
Debris fries aren't what they used to be either. Felt like it was all cheese and tiny bits of debris. 
It's definitely good for sports but I'm not sure I'd recommend for a local sports bar. Probably more for Tulane kids. Sad, will have to find a new place to watch the game.Bruno's is more than just a night  bar, it's a place with great food. Nothing here is too expensive, and though it's hard to find a seat on most nights, the ambiance is more laid back and relaxed than most of the bars in the area. Also, they don't allow in anyone under 19, which keeps out most of the college freshman (trust me, it's a good thing). Go here for a few drinks with friends, and if you don't like twenty-somethings, make sure you leave before it starts getting late.College bar and neighborhood and sports bar; something for everyone. Very popular. Quality grub and good wait staff. Excellent happy hour. Always something happining there.Atmosphere is terrible the bar is small and excuse my French but the owner is a dick! Would not recommend it for anyone trying to have any sort of a "good time" just a bad environment in general. Do NOT go to Bruno's!!Great atmosphere, but terrible service.  Perhaps we had bad luck, and the other bartenders are pleasant.  However, our bartender was so rude.  She was probably in her early 40's with long brown hair, and I think that she thought she was amusing, and did not know how rude she came off.  I asked her for a half of a pint of beer.  I used to work in a microbrewery, and we sold pints, half pints, and samplers of all of our beers on draft.  When I asked her if I could get a half beer, she asked me where I was from.  I told her that I live right up the street, and she asked me if I had ever gotten a half of a beer before.  I told her that I had, and her response was that she "just wanted to help me out," teaching me to "never ask for a half pint ever again." She said that if I weren't a local, that she would just give me this look (stupid, blank face), but since I am a local, she was just helping me out by teaching me not to ask such a dumb question.  There are plenty of reasons why someone would want a half pint.  I'm driving, have studying to do, breastfeeding my infant, just want a taste... If they don't sell that size, she could have just said that.  So I told her that that was fine, and that I'll just not have any.  I turned to meet our friends on the patio, and she told my husband that she thought she had offended me. Absolutely.  I will give Bruno's another chance, though, because perhaps the owner has no idea that one of his bartenders treats customers so badly.  It has great outdoor seating, and is convenient to our house.  I will just make sure that there is a different employee working.Great place to grab a drink with the guys and watch the game. The Cheese fries are a solid bar food choice.Pretty good burgers. Tried the black and bluez which was ok. I also tried the One Eyed burger which was good. The waffle fries are good as well. The serviced was very slow and the restaurant was at 50% capacity. Really no excuse. Bloody Mary was very good.Debris fries are the best! Great Burgers and beer on tap. Tons of TV's and games.  It's a sports-bar.  This is what my party and I expected and exactly what we got! Love this place!!!!Absolutely disgusting food
Roast beef not really even food. Skip the debris fries...rather eat and old shoe...and they were recommended....Frozen waffle fries, bottled roast beef gravey, & mystery meat...had a green bacterial glistening to it....
Hamburger gets a c- dats for effort onlyA typical college-friendly bar in the Garden District of NOLA.  To be honest, I wouldn't have visited Bruno's if it wasn't for the Arrested Development Trivia night they were hosting that Saturday night.  My friends and I geeked out and partook in the festivities.  We ordered a few pitchers of beer, some wings and nibbled on the free popcorn.  Before the trivia began, we distracted ourselves with a few games of shuffleboard.   Great bar for trivia and a casual night with friends.It's a college/local bar. Usually an interesting mix of both demographics during the day. The food is okay, but not mind blowing. A bunch of TV's, and plenty of bar games to keep yourself entertained. Good times.We go to Bruno's pretty frequently as they have awesome food. We went here to watch the opening of the Olympics last year. The food is excellent! One Eyed Jack burger...so good. Debris fries...dreamy. Even their regular burger is really good. 
The drinks are pretty good. They make a good Pimm's Cup and some nights there are $3 margaritas. 
Downside...not smoke free yet. So it gets really smokey and nasty inside. But we usually sit outside.I came here with some of my class mates. They really did not want me to come in or something. Possibly because I am a minority. I showed the bouncer my TXDL, credit cards, student IDs, bank cards, and recited the info on my DL over and over. The bouncer just wasn't havin' it. It had to take some reasoning from my classmates for the guy to let me in. Dick. 
Once I got in, the place was pretty spacious. Shuffle board table, and a pool table. Lots of room to stand around or sit. 
I will probably not return since that bouncer totally ruined that place for me.The drinks were okay, but maybe a little watered down.  They charged you for the shuffleboard table, which sucks.  The prices were par for the area and the atmosphere was typical for a college-ish bar.  They don't serve any sort of specialty drinks either, so that's minus one star, fo sho!This is our go-to place to watch big football games.  College, bowls, Saints, etc.  The place will fill completely for a big game.  You can usually find some fans from the opposing team which makes for better football watching.
Great tap beer selection.  The "Debris Fries" is probably the greatest single bar food item in the city.  Popcorn machine!  Lots of TVs.  Very attentive service.  I never went to the old Bruno's, but this is a very nice bar with plenty of room and nice decor.  The only downside is the smoke...  But, it is no worse than any other NOLA bar.Love Bruno's for the atmosphere and their drink specials. Food is pretty good just really fried and kind of prototypical bar food.So this place is a college sports bar but their menu used to offer lots of options other than fried foods and burgers. That's all they have now. No vegetarian offerings. Fries are not what I call an option btw! Bring back ur larger menu, salads and some veggie options. The people are nice though and it's a good place for a beer!The NinerEmpire had a Super Bowl Watch party here organized by a fan from Jacksonville for SB 47.  We rented the room out in the back and they had the tables and chairs set up so there was enough room for everyone.  The huge movie style screens and the smaller flat screens made it the perfect place to watch the game.  The food is not good.  I ordered spinach and artichoke dip for something salty to go with all the beer and liquor and the chips were those round corn chips you can buy in bulk at Costco or Sam's!  The dip wasn't anything good either.  We had also came the night before for a meet and greet and a friend ordered wings that were really good, the following day she ordered wings and they were completely different.  Different sauce, etc.Bruno's is awesome.  I used to live just around the corner, so it was a little annoying on the weekends when the frat boys and sorority girls go out for their mating rituals, but otherwise I love it.  
They have a great selection of beers (just a tad pricey), and the pub menu can't be beat.  Get whatever the hot burger is - it is cooked to temp, soaked in crystal sauce, then topped with jalapenos and banana peppers.  Add some shredded cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo, and DAMN, that is just one hell of a burger.  The debris fries are also amazing.  Please don't waste your time getting a salad or something else that resembles a healthy choice - it's just not a good idea.
The ambiance is classic sports bar - TVs everywhere, long bar, woodsy feel, shuffleboard table, pool table, and darts.  It is perfect in the afternoons or at happy hour before it gets too crowded.  It is also a super fun place to watch college football (even for an Auburn person!), but it gets very crowded on game days, so some early and get a spot.
I will always remember Bruno's as the first New Orleans bar I went to after my law school orientation - a night that I made lifelong friends.  Besides the burger and the beer, that is probably the real reason why I love it. :)Drinks are delicious and reasonably-priced, and plenty of big screen TVs with great viewing angles. Several booths with private TVs. Bar service is good, but table service can be spotty. One of our favorite bars for watching sports.My friends always unwittingly dragged me here meet up with them a year or so back.  Mostly because it was near campus and thus extremely convenient.  And also because my friends must hate me, as they know I don't like this place!
Anyway, those buggers aside (hi guys, I love you!) - Bruno's is the type of sports bar I just can't really get into.  It's an adequately open area, but the crowd and the not-so-great drinks are all turn offs!
They have your usual bar fare foods - burgers, fries, meat pies, stuff like that.  Nothing for me!
The patrons usually consist of either the young college crowd or families visiting their young college kids.  I mean, there's really nothing wrong with that, but I don't qualify as either one of those demographics so I always feel out of place.
Also I'm not a huge sports fan so the gigantic overhead televisions showcasing various types of gaming events kind of serve more to distract me than anything (I'm harsh, but I'm just saying!).  The small patio area is a more favored spot, but still, if I can not be on Maple Street - all the better!
I can't a bit loud and lurid here on the weekends and game days and this doesn't exactly make me feel awesome as I get overwhelmed easily!
This may not be relevant, but this bar is just "not cool . . . "  My school organized a informal 2008 election day event here (with the bar's permission) and my friend who organized the event informed me that the bar owners refused to switch over to the the Obama coverage - most of my classmates are Obama supporters.  The bar reasoned that the crowd was getting too rowdy and permitting Obama viewing would just cause things to spiral out of control.  What?!  Lame.  That's the thanks we get for bringing guaranteed business.  Screw that!Great place to watch the Saints game, but the service was very slow. I would recommend their house daquiri which tastes like Hawaiian Punch, but the food there is your typical bar food - nothing special. They do have alot of tvs, and it wasn't crowded at all to watch the game.I am old, and it took Bruno to point it out to me.  Thanks Bruno.  Asshole.  
I was already drinking before I even went to Bruno's, but here's what I can remember.
Loud music.  Some of it was good and some of it was incredibly shitty.  Many genres were represented.  They played Limp Biskit.  I took a star off for that.
Pretty good food.  I mean, for what it is, it was alright.  I got some weird sweet potato fry with horseradish and roast beef thing.  My wife's salad was nothing to write home about.  My friend got  a burger and I think I ended up eating half of it because it was pretty good.  Sorry Paul.
Some bacardi girl with dead eyes trying to give me some beads.
The waiters all wear lab coats for some reason.  I asked why and the waiter said "because we're supposed to".  You learn something new every day.
The drinks were cheap and plentiful, but they didn't have any of my brands.  They did have a few decent beers on tap, but something was wrong with the SOS.  I sent it back and they replaced it, but it was still a little disappointing
I guess college kids just dress like douche bags now.  I was surrounded by kids that looked barely old enough to drink with their collars popped and wearing white baseball caps with the price tags attached.  Back in my day blah blah blah. 
Conclusion:  I'm old
Secondary conclusion:  Would be 3 stars if not for the unfortunate music choices.Ahh...this is not the Bruno's of my youth, a place I spent MANY an hour (that would be the building where Rocco's is now), but it is big and airy so if the place was smoky I couldn't tell.  I liked that our server was quick to mention 1/2 price appetizers (maybe because the kitchen was about to close which would make sense since it was around 1 am).  The drinks were cheap and the dj was absurd.
There was line dancing and shot pouring from the stage.  I'll have to go back when remotely sober to see if any of my impressions hold true.I had my first real visit at Bruno's this week. Went in to watch the Heat vs. Clippers game on Wednesday with C. They had the $2 long neck special and half off food with student ID deal. They also had $3 soco lime shots, which I took advantage of. Lol.
I ordered the One Eyed Jack burger because just about everyone on Yelp says that you have to try it. I don't know if I was just not super hungry that night but I was full after half of this burger. C and I also got the wings. I wasn't such a huge fan of the wings. They were alright.
I'm considering going over to watch some more NBA tonight but it's kinda cold and I don't feel like biking anywhere tonight, so I will most likely just stay home. Lol.Driving around & neighborhood sight seeing in a trendy area of Metairie, LA, that day. Everywhere was closed or closing nearby so I found this spot. Thank gawd- I was starving. Was still learning to use yelp I'm those days. But you know walking and asking if the closest place was open was much easier. Thanks for the chicken wings and free wifi. Pool table inside.I live close by so I'm bias. 
They have a pool table, dart board (which is in horrible condition), shuffle board, and a few TVs playing sports. There is Triva night, drink specials most nights, and theres never a cover. The food is just OK I wouldnt say its "good". The crowd is a young college crowd. 
I wouldn't go out of my way to come here but I might suggest it if we were looking for a place in the area to go.Good sports bar. Great cheese fries.  Some frat-stars frequent here, but if you can ignore 'em, it's all good.This is definitely a college bar so if you don't like that kind of thing this place isn't for you. They have at least 15 televisions in the joint with one tv at each booth. The perfect place to go watch college football/NFL or March Madness! The drinks are good and decently priced. On Wednesdays they have $5 bottles of wine. The only food I've tried are the cheese fries. They were just okay. I probably wouldn't get them again. The place can get loud and is a fun environment for a sports bar!Went here for an A&M watch party on Saturday. It is definitely a dive bar, so I won't get into the crappy decorations and dust/dirt everywhere because it is assumed. 
One of the people who "worked" there (I use this term loosely because while he had a company shirt on, he was drinking and hanging out with other patrons), changed the 11 tv's this bar has about 4000 times in the course of a couple hours. He clearly had no idea what he was doing, and while this was a designated watch party location for the A&M/LSU game, they were only showing that game on 2 tv's. 
The wait staff except for one younger lady were completely inept. We won't be coming back even if we are in the area unfortunately.Went early, like 7pm for a bite to eat since I just moved to the neighborhood, so the crowd was still thin. The place was full but not crowded.  I was really pleased with the Blackened Chicken Club sandwich and sweet potato fries.  Companion's shrimp platter was excellent too.  I'm sure it turns into a college age hang out later on, but at this hour was a decent place to eat, Abita on draft,  nice atmosphere so no complaints about the food or service.  Will definitely return.Popular bar for tulane/loyola students.  I'm not a big fan of it.  Way too crowded/yuppie for me.  All I want to do is drink my beer without people elbowing me in the kidneys.
I would give them 2 stars but they have darts and free popcorn."What fresh hell is this"- the sequel.
OK, fine, Bruno's means well enough. I just don't really want to know what they mean, get my drift?
I have no past here. It reminds me of scores of NYU bars, though, the kinds of places that I'd pretend to like so that I could feel normal for a short while when I cared about feeling normal (ie, before I hit 19). 
So, now that we have that awkwardness out of the way, let's NOT have a little trip down memory lane, K?
It certainly wouldn't involve sassy dance music and lining up for shots. I never did any of that.
Thanks for the memories, Bruno's.As someone named Bruno, I really wanted to love this, but I did not. The food is okay. It's not bad, but I can't imagine coming here just for the food. It is a pretty good bar, but it straddles sports and dive in what seems to me like a clunky way. I probably won't go often with all of the options in New Orleans for food and drinking.My girlfriend and I met some people from school out here one night and it ended up being a great little chill spot. I was surprised that when we got there around 10:30pm that it was kind of dead, but by 1:30am it was packed. Not so packed that you can't get service or talk with the people your hanging out with though. I will definitely be going back here!!DONT GO HERE. Terrible service. The bartender/"manager" turned down my real 22 year old ID. He then served us bad liquor, replaced the bad liqour, and proceeded to charge me for both drinks after  personally insulted me. I will never come back.A fun place with a cheesy college bar feel to it. I've visited it a few times while visiting friends at Tulane, and at the ripe old age of 24, I did feel like I had aged out of the target demographic. 
You're definitely going to hear songs like Gangam Style, Call Me Maybe, and the like played a lot while some rich girl yells YOLO...but, it's a college bar for a rich private school; what do you expect?
That being said, still a fun place to grab a game of pool and a pitcher of cheap Abita with some friends in the area.I went here for a Tulane Watch Game party.  The food was really good.  The cheese tray was really good and fresh.  I also had the beef brisket, red beans and these fried mac and cheese things that were really good.  Good place to watch a game and relax. Nice waitresses.Stay away. We had a group of 7 for lunch, with a mandatory gratuity. We purposefully overpaid (to be nice), but the waitress wrote in her own tip on our credit cards on top of the gratuity. Huge hassle to call back and forth between my bank and Bruno's.
bad move, especially because I specifically crossed out the tip line.
and, they admitted to doing the unverified charge when I called them to try to resolve it.Bruno's has great drink specials and the staff is amazing.
Sam, the blonde bartender, is the absolute sweetest. She remembers names, says hi whenever I come in, and is consistently super attentive. 
Cole is the best server in the entire world and Bruno's is lucky to have him. 
If there would be anyone I would avoid getting served by at Bruno's, it would be Trina. She consistently forgets to put in food and drink orders and once she remembers that she has customers, she never fails to blame it on the kitchen. But she's still nice. 
They have Geeks Who Drink on Sundays which is always great; Mavrick, The Lord of Geeks, is quite the entertainer. 
Overall, the best bar ever. Super glad it exists.its always nice to have a place to go and mingle with ppl of all different backgrounds. the food is great, there is good gaming there, (shuffle bourd, darts, pool, arcades). thers a great assortment of beers on tap along with at least a dozen flat screen tvs surrounding the entire location.I'm writing this review as a former Tulane student who frequented this spot, but who just recently reacquainted myself now as an alum and staffer of Tulane. For what it's trying to be, this bar is great... big TV's, decent drink prices, and solid bar food. I've always had a great experience with the bartenders and staff and have always been able to watch whichever game I've come in here to catch. It has an uptown/Tulane neighborhood vibe... expect college kids later in the nights, but a more chill crowd during the day and evenings. Do they still serve complimentary popcorn?! If so, that might make this a five star review. The loaded waffle fries are my favorite on the menu!So, we sat outside of the bar on the patio.  I can't speak too much for the environment on the inside, except there were definitely a lot of polo shirts and the place is well lit.  
The food was really good.  I had a black jack chicken club.  The service was also excellent.  
Hmm...overall...  Not bad.Inside is a typical sports bar with tv's, pool tables and plenty of beer and bar food.  I love coming here and sitting outside enjoying the friendly service and sweet fries.  They have $1 beer(for the husband) and a PJ's right down the block(for me) so its a nice relaxing spot during the late afternoon before the college rush comes in for the night.
The food is the only reason I am giving this a 3 stars... Its super expensive for bar food...I'm pretty sure I just spent $13 and my liver on the black market for 3 chicken fingers... 
I'll come back here for sure, just not when I'm hungry!I've been going to Bruno's for years and frequented the old location often for rugby parties (I fully deny all reports that I did naked zulu warrior runs around the block even if those reports MAY be true).  The new location is a very nice space and the bartenders are generally very efficient.  There is often a good mix of people of all ages in the bar until later in the night when it seems mostly college age.  There are lots of televisions, pool tables, and other games available.  They have some decent food here and some very tasty debris fries.  My favorite time here is on Tuesday when they have $2 almost anything... well actually almost every night of the week they have some really great drink special going on so it is always a good place to go for cheap drinks and decent food.Not only does the food regularly take an hour or more to come out even when they are not busy, but they refused to accept an ID because it was a few weeks expired.Don't eat the food here. I went for drinks and appetizers and woke up the next morning sick as a dog.4 stars for the fries--the ones that come with cheese and sour cream and bacon bits and all of that delicious stuff.
Negative 1 star for the crowd--collegey and douchey, not surprising considering the neighborhood. 
Some good drink specials, tons of tvs for watching sports, tons of people (some of whom seem willing to socialize outside their preformed social circle), and DID I MENTION CRAZY DELICIOUS FRIES? Only reason I would come here.I usually come to Bruno's when I want to do something but don't necessarily feel like getting all dressed up to go out and/or stay out late. It's a middle-of-the-week type of place. I like coming here to play pool. It's great for groups. It's definitely the only bar worth coming to on Maple St. since they're pretty strict with carding and don't allow anyone below the age of 19 in.
I also like coming here for games whether it's football or during the basketball playoff games.
It's a great place to come to if you want to meet people. I always end up talking to someone new when I come here.
And you can't forget $2 Tuesday!Did not give enough fried pickles when postmated! Feel RIPPED OFF!!! Got at least twice as many when I went to order them in person. Very disappointed.This bar was OKay at best. The is exclusively a college crowd and kinda yuppified, a lot of people trying to look cool for the most part. decent patio with 2 large tables. The bartender tried to rip me off by 4 dollars until i called him out on it. The bartenders all wear these weird white doctor sorta coats...dunno why. apparently there is a small dress code also: no backwards hats, or jerseys is what my friend told me. Meh not my sorta place but the ladies were looking pretty fly.I'll start this review by saying that I love Bruno's and will go there regardless of their service. However, they have recently been hiring some shitty bartenders that are obviously Tulane students that have no eye for service and have a short temper. This is absolutely unacceptable and if it continues I will have to devote my services to Redds across the street, which has a much kinder employee base and better prices.I could see this place being a decent spot to drink at, which is the ONLY reason im giving it more than one star. 
Even if food may not be the main focus of the establishment, theres no excuse for the abomination i was served. Not to mention i sat at an empty bar waiting close to 15 minutes for someone to greet me or even acknowledge me while the staff was busy eating and drinking behind the counter. I had to grab the attention of a bus boy before i could get any help. 
Have some pride in your workplace for christs sake, whether its 15 minutes after opening or 15 minutes before closing.I've been coming here for ten years, but this is by far my worst experience.  I ordered cheese fries 90 minutes ago and am still waiting....Favorite college bar hands down. Wonderful staff. Friendly and fast bartenders. And a great atmosphere, with memorabilia for local college teams and regional sports teams. Very delicious bar food for what it is, despite the fact that it's overpriced. Some of the greatest cheese fries around. Good local beer selections.I ordered mozzarella sticks, waffle fries  and 3 cheese cheeseburger and almost died they were so freakin delicious. I would put the burger in the top 5 burgers I have ever had!!!! Only negative, no delivery drinksBruno's has pretty good bar food, and it's even better when you catch their happy hour where you can get 1/2 priced appetizers from 5-7pm Monday through Friday. My experience has been average in terms of service. They also have pretty good drinks specials and it was always one of my go-to bars during my undergraduate life at Tulane. Overall, it's a typical college bar with decent food.Cheap beer and great food. What more can you ask for. The wings are incredible and the owners are absolute sweethearts.This place may be a cool bar for college kids, but the food quality isnt even up to par with what my dog eats. 25 wings for $23 bucks is no problem, unless they're Tyson chicken nuggets covered in "medium" sauce. Stay away if you're hungryWe went here looking for a place to watch the Super Bowl. We were traveling through New Orleans and really didn't know the area.  Bruno's had plenty of TVs  and we got there early enough to get a seat. It was clean, not too dark or dingy, and the food was decent bar type food--sandwiches, wings, that sort.  On the down sides--our server seemed pretty unclear about the concept of "service" and could often be found leaning against a wall or enjoying a shot with friends; it took 45 min to get an order of onion rings; and it was a very young crowd, not obnoxious by any means, however. But, if you want good service, food that arrives soon enough that you can remember what you ordered and a crowd that is over 25 don't go here.What a time. Will treated us to the best service we've had in New Orleans. Fun games, great drinks and a lot of space to have the best night. If you want 'real NOLA', come to Bruno's - it's worth the trek.Bruno's is not a place I go to hang out.  It's a place I go to get cheese fries.  Specifically the loaded cheese fries.  They're waffle fries with CHEESE on them.  Oh, and they also have sour cream and chives... but mostly cheese.  Real cheese, not nacho cheese or velveeta, but REAL CHEESE.  Also, the food is half priced after midnight (and they won't make it to go).
Otherwise this is an obnoxious frat bar.Great drink specials, amazing food and plenty of huge TV's for watching all of the games.  Service is fast and fun, and the crowd is lively and makes it a great bar!!!Great for watching sporting events. The food is great. You must get the debris french fries. It's waffle fries covered in roast beef debris, a pile of cheese and horseradish sauce. Magnanamous! I've gone quite a few times around 3pm in the afternoon on a weekday and you can sit quietly anywhere, smoke a cigarette, drink a draught beer and stuff giant piles of food in your mouth without a care in the world. Awesome place.One word: terrible. I think passing a kidney stone would have been less painful than the 2 hours I spent watching my waitress ignore my whilst serving parties of 8 that came in after me and paid before I'd gotten a course. The service was absolute bullshit, and apparently the two waitresses and three chefs couldn't handle the four tables ordering food. This wedding is horse shit.Absolutely love this place and all of its specials. There is always something (special wise) going on each night of the week. The staff is extremely friendly, there are a decent number of drink choices and the food is pretty good for bar food. 
After 9pm, it gets dark and the plastic cups come out. It has a VERY college bar feel, but you will catch more grad students than undergrad. There are TVs all over the bar, so there is always a game or ten on. The shuffle board and pool table are in a good location where you can play, have your own space for food/drinks and catch a game all at once. 
I would highly recommend eating or drinking here for the night. It's a pretty good bar, and I've never seen any fights break out. I would bring my mom here after 9pm, it's so well behaved (and has quality food/drink for a bar). I hang out here at least once a week. Check it out if you're in uptown!Every time I end up here I ask myself "Whyyy!!??" 
All in all it accomplishes what a bar should...and that's get me drunk. 
The food is the only reason it even gets 2 stars. The debris fries are pretty amazing as is the grilled chicken.Bruno's is a staple in the Tulane/Loyola University community. Conveniently located right off campus on the local Maple Street bar scene, it plays the role of the more relaxed sports-bar. The televisions are always on ESPN (or something like it), and there are plenty of tables for groups to sit. I like coming here with my friends for a beer or two (Thursday nights are my favorite - $2 imports!) to catch up and relax after a long day of school and work. There's a jukebox, so the music selection is really up to you. If you decide to come late at night, there's usually a pretty good crowd, but not a crowd that's dancing and going crazy (like you might find at Rocco's or Quills). Because of this, I am a fan.
Some people don't realize just how great the food is at Bruno's. It's a sports bar, for pete's sake! It's required to have kick-ass bar food! And that it does. The cheese fries are out of this world. Even the plain fries addicting (and a nice cold beer makes them taste only that much better). My favorite burger (the one my friend Sam S. can't get enough of) is the One Eyed Jack Burger. It's a giant burger with bacon, jack cheese, and an onion ring. And to top it all off (the thing that makes all burgers 10x better than normal ones) is a fried egg! Other burgers I've had are the Hickory Bacon Cheeseburger. It's just as delicious as it sounds! The Black and Bluez Burger is also really good if you're a big blue cheese fan (or a Blues fan, I guess...). You pretty much can't go wrong.Pretty good spot for a game. Food is OK, but takes a while. Drinks are weak, but I realize, at 34, I'm not the target demo. Like the layout, but just, overall average bar. Gotta be going with a big group to get me there.The rum and coke plus roast beef debris fries hit the spot. And plus, our bartender was very friendly towards us.Bruno's is a solid joint with the requisite beers, bar food, shot specials, pool tables, and sports channels on TV. Every neighborhood needs a place like this and during my stay in NOLA, I enjoyed several drinks with friends here. The friendly staff added to the positive atmosphere. However, I was a bit surprised by the food prices: they seemed quite high for what is, more or less, standard pub fare. I hope that these rates mean that the staff are being paid minimum wage or higher (as opposed to relying most on tips for income.)bartenders are very misogynistic and support a rapist over a rape victim. do not spend your money here. do not support this place.