Make sure you triple check your to go bag before leaving because they can't seem to get it right. Horrible service.I love this place but they recently changed their meat patties and they are not as good. My son says they're not different but I think they are. They taste saltier and more like a school hamburger now. Which is a shame as they were so good. Pleas go back to your old burger patties. 
The people who work here are awesomely nice and we will still come, but I wish the burger patties were like they were before.A picture is worth a thousand words... I wish there was a way to upload a photo of what the burgers REALLY look like versus the pictures on the menu. Trust me, if you could see it, I wouldn't need to write a word.I grew up eating here and I made a point to take my kids there too. Now when we can we go as a group, each remembering some of the other fun times we visited. I was happy when they reopened up after the storm and now stay open late. The burger is grilled, the secret sauce a favorite of mine and as I say in my profile I know how to make it.  The customers all are friendly and enjoy the country setting in an old wooden table that many people have sat in many years of a great burgers. Like many other small places in New Orleans it is an institution and a must place to eat a burger.It's not very often I have a burger good enough to order another one when I'm done! If I could complain about anything it would be that my burger was too small. But I will say that it was delicious. While dining here I met a woman named Tifancy that's not a misspell. Haha! 
This is a local New Orleans no frills straight up greasy goodness! It's open 24/7 and I can't think of better place to eat after an entire day of drinking in the French Quarter!This Bud's for all the sentimentalists who've convinced themselves that inferior ingredients (bulk-processed meat-product wafers, near-crumbly institutional grade buns, bagged supermarket quality fries), apathetic service, dumpy facilities, and unjustifiably high prices are oh so authentically and charmingly New Orleans.  Kids love Bud's, too: Oooh! it's as yummy as Burger King!  For adults the only real plus that Bud's offers over the BK across the street is that you can get a cold beer with your fast food.  Sure, I've got nice memories of riding my bike over, my hungry little brother in the back of the banana seat, with a couple of bucks in my pocket from mowing our old neighbor's lawn, ready to splurge and gorge, but seriously, people, now that you're grown up you still tell the world that Bud's is the best burger in New Orleans?  Come on....  You're embarrassing yourself and the city.I've been coming to this location since I was a kid and it's still my favorite. I was crushed when it closed down for a while but I'm so happy the new owners opened back up and she's doing a wonderful job. We always visit when we're in town.Bud's broiler, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul. Bud's-- broil-er: the tip of the tongue taking a trip of three steps down the palate to tap, at three, on the teeth. Bud's.,broil. er. She was bud's, plain Bud, in the morning, a number 1. She was Bud's broiler burger with grilled onions. She was Bud's with grated cheese. She was Smoke sauce  on the dotted line. But in my hands she was always Bud's broiler. Did she have a precursor? She did, indeed she did. In point of fact, there might have been no Bud's at all had I not loved, one summer, an initial burger. In a princedom by the sea. Oh when? About as many years before Bud was born as my age was that summer. You can always count on a glutton for a fancy prose style. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, exhibit number one is what the seraphs, the misinformed, simple, noble-winged seraphs, envied. Look at this tangle of...double patties...Great foot, low price. Nothing fancy. Everyone very friendly.  Get the smoked sausage and cat fish.I have heard a lot about this place so I decided to give it a try.  Don't get me wrong, the burgers and cheesy fries were good, but they weren't excellent.  They just tasted like regular burgers, but I didn't mind that because of the simplicity.  I've had much, much better burgers in this city.  Overall, I wasn't too impressed.  Neat little atmosphere though.Buds is classic Big Easy fast food. Whenever I come to NOLA, I have to stop in for a burger, cheese fries, and a fried pie!!!
Mmmmmm.I love Bud's! It makes me so happy that the one on City Park Ave is up & running. It brings back so many memories every time I bite into one of those burgers. The burgers are the same, but the place is hella different. It's so clean now. Amazing they could keep that flavor with such a clean kitchen ;)I was recently in Mid City, starving, and had to decide between Bud's, Burger King, and Subway. Oh, what a difficult choice. 
This joint oozes "N'awlins" out of each crack in the wall and floor. Oddly shaped, tiny, with crap all over the walls (including some taxidermy). No fancy-schmancy menu here! 
My burger was juicy. I forgot you have to order fries or onion rings on the side, but the burger was enough to satisfy mu hunger without sending me into fat/sugar-induced semi-coma. 
I got the large iced tea (mega would be better description of the cup). It was already chilled, and served with only a few iced cubes (thumbs up). Nothing worse then ice-diluted tea.I love this place. Classic New Orleans staple. I'd much rather go there at 2 in the morning and spend money on a local food chain than wait in the drive thru of the Burger King across the street. It's 24 hours. The burgers and fries are good. The shakes are great. The two people that run the night shift by themselves kick ass, coming from a food service industry veteran. So if it's busy, sit down and chill out because you're gonna be happy with what you get and the price you pay for it. Eat local :)It is one of the original fast food restaurants in new orleans.  not sure why i expected more.  staff was nice, food was quick.  it was fast food though.  no better.  
****i do recommend getting a fried pie.  i think that is why i went there in the first place.  i love hubigs pies and i think somone said i had to go here and try one.  basically they are the same thing.  it was pretty good.GROSS! A bag of grease. Horrible after taste. Grey meat. Oil lump of cheese on top of fries. Absolutely the worst food I even seen or ate. Well I halfway ate because I could not take it and throw it away. Never again.Super-slow (37 min from order to food), food was cold and not very good at all, restaurant was filthy.  No thanks.The burgers are great and simple.Nothing out of this world but definitely fresh. Tastes like a burger u could make at home. 
The prices are very cheap. U could leave here very very full and spend less than $10. The food also comes out very quick. 
Their downfall is their service. Not a friendly staff. However, they aren't rude. 
Definitely recommend it. Try it for yourself. Won't disappoint.Went to wash my hands in the coffin sized men's room (which is disgusting by the way) and the hand soap dispenser was broken.  I told the cashier and she said "I know, just use the women's bathroom."Its good for what it is...it's fast food. Of course there are better burgers out there, but your not going to get them for a $3 and some change. The decor is very classic New Orleans near city park, you can also sit outside on a nice day. If your in the area and want something simple as well as dirt cheap, go to buds, have a burger, have a barqs, and be proud to be an American. ;)The service here is horrendous.  Consider yourself lucky if they don't spit in your food.
Too much stress for poor quality product.  I understand that this place is located in Mid-City but this place is bad even by Mid-City standards.used to come here while going to delgato community collage love the burgersIf your goal is to wait 40-minutes for a crap hamburger and shake, this is your place. Go to Wendy's. You can get a crappy burger in 5 minutes. I just received my food. I want to punch myself in the face because it would be better than the complete shit I received.Damn you Bud's... I swore by your name. I stood by your side. I ate here my whole life... until now...
At midnight last night I was ready to chow down but immediately after taking 2 steps inside, I was already in line. No big deal right? This place cooks super fast, right??
After about 10 minutes in line, I noticed I hadn't taken a single step forward so I got out of line to inspect the problem. I walk to the front and BOOM. There is only 1 employee doing EVERYTHING.... ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME BUD'S!?!?!?
She was going as fast as she could writing down people's custom orders, handling cash, calling out completed orders, grabbing raw meat, flipping burgers, wrapping up to go orders, seasoning fries & refilling customer's drinks for 20+ people... BY HERSELF!
I cannot & will not support an establishment that forces their employee to do this regardless of sanitary concerns. Never going back and neither should you.I really enjoyed this place for what it was. The food was a decent price and pretty good food. Seating is very limited, so if it's busy, you won't likely find a place to sit, but it's s burger, so you can stand and eat.As a longtime Bud's Broiler patron, I have been alarmed by the rapid deterioration of the quality of the Mid City location. The service is still very fast, but the smoked sauce session to have gone downhill at this location, and the portions of toppings also seems extremely stingy. I verified this with the Clearview location, and it disappoints me that the nearest location to my home now is a disappointing oneThis is a New Orleans original! It doesn't get more NOLA than this. I grew up going to the various locations with their themes. I always order hickory sauce, cheese and onions. The peach pies-say yes to the offer of powdered sugar-are homemade. You can even go into a booth and gamble. Open 24/7 and they do take credit cards! You can use the upstairs room for small parties. Don't forget to have a Barq's, or a beer. Their hot dogs are surprisingly good. For vegetarians, they will give you veggies without the meat, if you prefer. Right by City Park! Then run over to Morning Call in City Park (cash only) 24/7 for coffee and beignets!Oh Bud's Broiler of old...where have you gone? 
I hadn't been to BB in ages, and I had a hankering for a grilled burger.
While it was busy, it wasn't busting at the seams...yet the food was taking FOREVER!  Everyone was standing around getting really impatient.  Finally after a 25 minute wait for a burger and fries, I got my food.  
It was absolutely TERRIBLE.  The fries were cold.  The burger was cold.  The patty was MAYBE 1/8" of an inch thick.  All for almost $6.
Unfortunately, my order was "to go", so I couldn't return it.  Even if I could, I probably wouldn't have, because I was on my lunch hour and didn't have another 25 minutes to wait on another meal.
I don't know if this level of suckage is common place now, or if there were behind the scenes issues they were dealing with, but regardless, I'll never return.This buds is pathetic. Thanks for the old ass fries. I couldn't even believe they could serve fries that old with a straight faceIn need of some serious hangover food, I went here this weekend circa 8 AM precisely for the whole open 24 hours shtick, however, despite the fact that: I rang the door bell, saw a bud's employee just hanging out, and that there was a glowing "open 24 hours" sign advertised in the window, I was sassily waived off by said employee... thought the owners would like to know that as a result I went to Burger King instead.  
Sucks because I grew up eating here and still live in the neighborhood.The burgers are great.  The fries are great.  The prices are great.  The location is great.  The hours are great.  The decor is great.  I guess what I'm trying to say is, Bud's is a great place!No French bread for a po boy. The lady at the counter said , "the boss jus' don't care. We asked for French bread for weeks and nothing..." 
Our Food came out cold. Cold burgers cold fries, And when we asked the lady at the counter to "please turn the loud music down " so she could hear us order after she said "HUH?" 10 time she got pissed off did the "tssss" thing rolled her eyes and said "what ever what do you want" 
This place looked nostalgic and worth the stop but it was a jokeI LOVE this place when i am 4 sheets to the wind(Yes there is a fourth sheet I found it one night). But the burgers are always cold. Cooked but cold even straight off the grill.  I have had many debate about this fact with many a 3 sheeters @ 2 AM., and the conclusion is that the patty is so thin. Moreover, the  microwave the fries hit when they are cheesed is Fu*king stupid. Put them in the BROILER its in the name. Wait they don't actually have a BROILER?????????????
p.s. DON'T attempt to carve your name in the table.Doesn't matter if you have semi decent burgers if they are consistently understaffed.Bud's gets credit for the uniqueness of a charcoal cooked burger in a fast food type setting. Good price as well. I wouldn't include this among my must-have destinations. 
Onion rings and French fries: paltry serving size and mediocre quality. 
Pleasant enough service.Well a couple burgers that tasted no better than bk tool far too long. Retched hot dog. Unmelted cheese on burgers. Just nothing to get excited about. A/C wasn't even hitting on a lot. Bathroom was stinky. Basically its a dump.When you are from New Orleans, but you don't live there anymore the first thing you do when you know you will be visiting is figure out where you are going to eat...
Nothing satisfies that need for a burger more than a trip to Bud's and nothing is better than the City Park location...........YUMMMMMYou can keep Port of Call.  In my opinion, this is the best burger place in the city.
They serve a lot of other things, including hot dogs, but if you want good food order a burger with everything, including cheese and onions.  It's my favorite.  I usually get a huge root beer and fries on the side.  Definitely not health food, but if you are a looking for a good local burger, this is the place to be.The cheeseburger n chili cheese fries were good, but the Jefferson Hwy location do them SO much better.I ordered the chicken breast sandwich, it was so thin I could barely taste it. Might as well have called it a salad sandwich bcz all I tasted was lettuce tomatoes and pickles... I had an order of onion rings, I got maybe five onions rings for $2.10... Finally, the Hi-C was not sweet. How? Idk... I dnt drink coke cola but I had to replace the "low-c"... But at least I got to watch the magic happen from the counter. Shoulda went to Burger King. SNS.I don't know what happened. 
What appeared to be fresh beef patties hit a metal grate over charcoal in a pretty serious looking brick oven apparatus. But the hamburgers arrived cold, and had that unfortunate fastfood texture a la Burger King (or dare I say it, Rally's). 
Milkshake machine was broken. An all too common sight in New Orleans.
Maybe I came at the wrong time since only one person was cooking while a 2nd person took a constant stream of orders from customers. Perhaps I expected too much even for the price point. But I don't think I'll be giving Bud's another try.I have to say this is one of the best burgers in the city, and this is the original and best location.  I'm originally from Southern California so I'm used to a good quick burger (In and Out).  Not as fast as In and Out and not as good, however this is the In and Out of New Orleans.  Cooks and front people are solid.  Open 24 hours.  Used to go to the Calhoun st. location in college, but now that I'm in Mid City I've found the spot!Great burgers for the price. The best part is that they're open 24/7, great place for a midnight snack!Love love love buds broiler always have ever since childhood! Love the food and the location....But the service that the night shift provides is awful! 
I'm sorry that the staff has to deal with drunk people. But you should treat all your customers as such. I asked for a water I paid for and you give me lip, then roll your eyes. That's ridiculous. It's a shame the service isn't like that of the day shift!   Like I said I enjoy coming here and I am shocked that this is acceptable behavior of the staff.I have often dined at this establishment and more often than not have had a wonderful experience. However, there have been several instances where I have attempted to dine late night, in horror, meeting racist adversity. During the most recent encounter, my girlfriend, roommate, and I were waiting in line.  My girlfriend made me aware of a white male in line staring at her in a fashion that made her uncomfortable. This was not only recognized by her, but by others in line as well. While in line the young white male spoke to his companion and did not brake his hateful gaze. While in conversation with another patron she, using profanity (it was 3am), the young man who was glaring at her stated she could not use that language, moreover began to chastise her, using profane demeaning language (ironic I know). Myself and other patrons interjected, meet by oppressive and anti black prejudice from the patron, and to our dismay, the casher.  We immediately addressed the banter, conversely meet by threatening statements by the casher. Not only was the casher, a white man, verbally hostile he threatened to call the police because, as he stated, "I will not allow you to speak to my roommate like this."  We as people of color felt dehumanized, targeted and unwanted as customers. This was not a sentiment exclusively held, three other customers people walked out of the establishment; aware of the racist treatment. The patrons departing included another black gentleman as well as an interracial couple. They recognized the violent behavior and choose to spend their dollars else where. I will never dine at this establishment again! I will not to subjected, in this day and age, to racism and bite my tongue and be threatened because I call out the abuse by another.  I do not encourage anyone to support a business that employees harbors of hate and white supremacist ideologies, nor be threatened by police interactions and or incarceration of my black body, nor those my comrades. Our lives matter and can't not be subject to hate or threat of physical harm, withhold your dollar and seek the change you want to see!This place is awful. I'm sorry. The service was ok. The patties are really really thin and flavorless. The fries are below average. The onion rings are exactly like Burger King's next door. I guess that's what happens when there is a lack of healthy competition in an area.I don't think ordered anything the night I stumbled in here.  My friends were so excited that Bud's turned to 24 hrs that we ran right over.  I had a chocolate milk shake (I want one right now) and some fries while friends devoured the #?, hamburger with hotdog?What is a hamburger? Is it a concoction of exotic meats, greens, artisan breads, and cheese from a faraway place?  NO!  I'm a bit tired of the continued re-inventing of a common man's/woman's meal. When I get salty about fancy burgers I go to Buds. Chargrilled meat, grated cheddar cheese, and secret sauce on a bun. Friendly service if you're friendly and sufficient enough to get food inside your stomach. It's better to go when it's busy because the charcoal will be really hot but it's still good when it's slow. One of my favs.This is one of those old spots that you can't just help but love the atmosphere. The combinations for toppings are terrific, even though the meat on the burger isn't mind-blowing. 
The staff is great, and it's a great option for a burger early in the morning.It's either really good or total garbage...Just depends on how much they seem to be caring that particular day. 
I noticed that when they clean the grill they pull out styrofoam to-go boxes of leftover burgers and microwave them and then serve them to their paying customers!! They're often very good, but you never know. Just pray you're lucky before you goThere are two things I truly love; one is a good burger, and the other is showing my support for locally owned businesses.  Bud's Broiler fills both of these personal needs, and with the City Park location less than 600 yards from my house, I frequently find myself craving these tasty grilled burgers.
Bud's is more expensive than a fast food offering, but you are definitely rewarded with a good tasting burger.  It may not be on par with the likes of Mooyah or Five Guys, but it's still a solid burger.  They also serve a pretty good hot dog and grilled chicken sandwich,and don't forget about the "fried pies". 
The location is tiny, but very nostalgic, and and I am a sucker for old nostalgic businesses.  There is some outdoor and upstairs seating as well in this tiny spot next to the tracks.  I love the fact that they are open 24/7 and there are people there at all hours of the night.  However, every time I go there, they seem understaffed and there is always a semi-long wait for my food.  The staff also seems to be less than enthusiastic to be there.  Personally, I think a lot can be said for friendly customer service , and Bud's should take note of Chick Fil A's employees who always state, "It's my pleasure", when they serve you.
I agree with Yelper Shannon S. that Bud's should offer free drink refills, as the cost of a refill is cheap, as you have already paid a premium price for the drink itself.  I also agree that real fresh brewed iced tea would be nice.
Overall, Bud's Broiler can do a few things to improve it's image with me.  But I am still a big fan of their charbroiled cheeseburgers and will continue to patronize them.The food here is mostly greasy, bland, and over-priced. The waiting time is absolutely ridiculous. If you go there for lunch, be prepared to wait up to 30 minutes for a burger and fries. I
It is very difficult to find parking as well since Bud's is located right across the steet from Delgado.
Last but not least, the kitchen is under-staffed and a little disorganized. At least the staff is polite.The food is just ok. Burgers are edible, fries are unispired, shakes are good. A bit cramped at times, parking can be a hassle, the menu confusing and it Sounds like I am giving it a poor review - I am not!  I give it four stars because of it's history. It is trapped in time. It hasn't changed one iota from when I was a kid. AND THAT CAN BE A GREAT THING!
Another great thing (or three) is that it is cheap, picky eating kids love the place, the staff is always friendly its close to the park and the streetcar line so it can be a great place to drop in for an indoor picnic!!Can't say much here but good things. I'm a native so Buds can never be a bad thing. Flame broiled goodness with smoked sauce, grated cheddar, onion rings, and beer. It ain't fast, and sometimes slow, but always delicious.I love Bud's! Been eating their burgers for over 50 years. Any time I visit New Orleans I eat at one of the locations, but City Park and Calhoun St are my go to. Not many places still cook burgers over charcoal. These are great. My favorite is a double cooked rare with hickory sauce, chili, cheddar cheese and onions. Umami!This place is kind of a dump but I love it! Order the #4 with smoke sauce and onions; it will be the best $2.70 cents you will ever spend. The $2 dollar chili dog is another winner. Better yet, take it next door to city park for a picnic.One of the best items at Buds has returned and that is the homemade fried pies. The crust is not as good as it used to be but the homemade fillings are to die for. Much better than your run of the mill Hubig's Pie. It comes out piping hot. Its worth eating their mediocre hamburger for to get to the dessert.I was excited to try this place but when we came at 11:50 they told us we had to wait till 12:15 to order for the "system to change"?? We offered to pay cash but it didn't seem to make a difference. Wait for 25 minutes to order for no apparent reason other than an employee trying to get off work? I'm not very impressed.Burgers burned to a crisp,cheese fries were awful they cooked the fries and then covered them in cheese then put them in the microwave and nuked them to death.I asked the cook for ketchup she told me I would just have to wait she had to go to the back,loud rap music pumping the owner needs to stay in his business it has been reduced to rubble,so sad this used to be a great Place!Delicious and cheap AF. Hickory sauce is awesome. My partner and I have eaten here a couple of times, and we can feed both of us, have a beer each and leave a tip in the jar for 20 bucks.I love Bud's Broiler. Anytime you get that late-night craving for a burger and some cheese fries, this is the prime location to satisfy yourself. It's the place where my friends and I go after a night of alcohol consumption, and it is the BEST thing you could ever have in such a situation. But don't think the alcohol is skewing my opinion of the food; Bud's has been a staple for many New Orleanians for quite some time. It's delicious. It's cheap. It's a cool atmosphere. What more do you need?Is there anything you CAN'T improve by adding Bud's signature hickory sauce? Well...maybe their Milkshakes.  I'm sure several of my friends will disagree with me on this point, but I don't think their milkshakes would be improved by that combination.
So, I go to Bud's Broiler fairly frequently. I am an omnivore and sometimes I just crave that smoky flavor and the greasy goodness of some fresh french fries or onion rings.
I could go on for hours about why I have always loved Buds, but I will try to make it simple for the average reader.
Things that I love about Bud's (especially the one on City Park)
THE LOCATION ITSELF:
The atmosphere has all the lived-in attributes I associate with great local flavor
The wooden benches and tables at the average Bud's has been carved by endless lunch-time artists, with keys, pens, sharpies and pocket knives
Each table tells a story of the people who have come before you, journeying to different Bud's locations depending upon their origins
City Park is frequented by the MId-city dwellers, non-health nut yuppies from Lakeview, Delgado students and City Park adventurers
The City Park location butts up to 2 small cemeteries, a fact that just says "Home" to me as a native New Orleanian and something I can't imagine existing anywhere else in the country.
This particular Bud's now accepts Credit Cards (before Katrina all Bud's locations were cash only, including the Clearview 24 hr Bud's which remains that way)
It's 24 hours and never frozen or microwaved, always made to order - where else can you claim that in this city at 4 in the morning when most French Quarter bars have closed their kitchens?
Although the inside can be loud during lunch rush, you can sit out at the Patio chairs and enjoy the view, or make it a picnic in the Cemetery!
They have an intercom system that will call to guests both in the upstairs dining/ art gallery and outside to announce when orders are up!
THE FOOD:
Going back to my opening for this review: The Hickory Smoke Sauce
this stuff may in actuality be nothing special, but somehow when I taste it in my memory it feels like a sauce created especially to make my mouth water and to be compared to the best southern BBQ ever tasted
This stuff just makes your mouth go "Oh snap!"
Don't go into Bud's expecting the juicy gourmet burgers that cost 15 bucks at Port of Call
Bud's is not that kind of restaurant
I hesitate to call it anything but a "Burger Joint" although they carry Crawfish Pies, hot dogs, chili, fried fish and chicken
Their burgers are thin but not lacking in flavor - for y'all Californians think of In and Out Burgers but better
All the meats are prepared over a true Charcoal grill 
Seen from the tables it appears as though the flames of hell are roaring forth to envelope your food and create the Sinful goodness
If you still have room in your tummy after an amazing (and cheap!) meal of burgers, chili dogs and french fries or onion rings
then you have to try a Milk Shake
Should it even be called a Milk Shake when it's so thick and creamy that it's like having softened icecream?
Is there such a thing as Heaven in a cup?
For people who don't like rich and creamy things - or for the unfortunate Lactose intolerant reader, this is not a treat for you
I am so Sorry.
If you think Wendy's Frosties are good, you just don't even know.  
Go, bring friends, see what i mean. You'll be happy you did!Love the #7 with onions and they are always there for you. Thanks Bud's Broiler for offering such great food at unreasonable hours when no one else will feed me. I like it when you blast Paul Simon too. Making it fun at midnight up in this piece!Burgers are simple and fun.
The catfish Po - boy was great add onion rings.
Service a little slow5 stars on coming correct with the traditional Bud's fare, but 2 stars (or less!) on service.  Not a 'thank you' anywhere and forgot our fries.  Then!  If you view the exterior from the back, the fire damaged vinyl siding still clings to the building, but just so.
C'mon Bud's, do better.As far as I know, this is the last 24/7 Bud's left. The one on Clearview just changed to something else. Definitely come here at the end of the night. Get any burger or chicken sandwich with the red BBQ sauce. Heard the smoked sausage was good but never tried it. I know it's not health food but it might be a good idea to get the wheat bun.Horrible horrible business. Had an incident there where my money was stolen and we even sat right where a camera was and ownership did nothing about it. Called front office and left a voicemail , called the business everyday looking for answers and no one got back to me. Owners only care about. Among money, they do not care about their customers. They purposely neglected me and my calls so that their camera footage would keep rolling so i couldn't prove who did it. Could've been an employee but now no one will ever know. I have a sense that they were trying to hide something.  This place will never get a dollar from me again.  If I owned a business I would've at least gave the person a call and heard them out and would've looked to see if maybe I had a thief employee.  Oh well. Lesson learned the hard wayGreat little 24 hr burger joint on City Park Ave.  You can really tell they are cooked using charcoal over an open flame.  The burgers aren't huge but they are very tasty.  Staff is pretty friendly and I like the quirkiness of the triangular shaped buildingHow can you not love Bud's Broiler? It's the local's fast food staple that puts McDonald's and Burger King to shame. Even though I'm not much of a "fast food"/burger person in general, I do have a tendency to splurge on my eating habits during Mardi Gras season and always end up here for my late-night cravings. Gotta love it!Ironically this place sits right in front of a Burger King and although I am THE first one to give my business to a small business instead of a big boy like Burger King, I regret that I didn't follow my instinct and eat there instead.
The pros?
Decent, fast customer service
Cheep, cheep, cheep
Traditional burger food
Interesting people watching
That's about it :o(
The cons?
My hot dog was served on a burger bun
My burger was thin, dry and very underwhelming
My husband's hot dog was the cheapest kind of hot dog you can buy and not even worth eating
French fries were decent
Restaurant is VERY small and strangely shaped but I didn't go there to check out the architecture but to eat the food. 
Like many lame taco stands here in San Diego, many people have their faves and they're used to the food...whether it's tasty or not but they eat there out of habit...I think the same can be said for Buds.Bud's builds a solid fast food burger. The prices are reasonable and the food quite tasty. I highly recommend getting it covered in their house-made hickory BBQ sauce. I also highly recommend snagging your burger to go and walking it over to the park on a sunny February day.I get that this is a neighborhood institution and perhaps I just had an off night (twice), but both times I ate here I waited forever for food and my burger was literally frozen inside.  Granted, both time I dined at Bud's it was super late at night, but I believe that if a restaurant is offering late night service, they need to check constantly for consistency.  If I couldn't enjoy the food while hammered, I can't even give it two stars.  
For some reason it remains sort of appealing to me, so maybe I'll give it one more try.Locals know Bud's and if you are a fan, you have your regular order. I usually get 2 #4s with Hickory Smoke and no onion. 2 of them is a bit much, but since I no longer live in New Orleans I splurge when in town. 
The "City Park" location is the one my dad grew up going to. This location has been around for a very long time surviving floods and fire. It is consistently good. Can get very busy at peak lunch time so be prepared for a line.  This location is very small, and can get crowded and hard to find a seat, but to me it is all part of the Bud's City Park experience. I can see why a non local might get turned off. 
Bud's is known for its chargrilled burgers and them making your favorite combination. The quality of the meat is nothing outstanding, but the chargrilled flavor is awesome. What I think stands out is the shredded cheddar and their hickory smoke sauce. The combination is delicious to me, and is that I grew up with. Getting the right ratio of meat to bread to cheese to sauce is not as easy as you think, but Bud's seems to have it down. 
If you are a local, you know Bud's so no reviews needed. You either like it or you don't. Out of town folks should definitely try it out.Dragged family in to assure them of a New Orleans experience hotdogs were OKAY but staff could have been livelier.Aint much to this place, but I like to go here because it is local and made to order.  And it stays open really late.#6 is my favorite burger, and the smoked sausage is good also. And reasonable prices.I can't begin to tell you how many late nights I've had where I simply CRAVE a Bud's Broiler burger. I was so ecstatic after the City Park location reopened AND continued being 24 hrs. It's like a beacon of hope for all of those who had that extra car bomb when they probably shouldn't. It's like the burgers there tell you, "It's ok. I'm here for you." *nom* *nom* *nom*
Great place for a late night burger for those who don't want to spend $25 for a fistful of meat slapped on a tiny bun. 
#4 with extra onions, side of onion rings, and a large root beer? 
Yes, please!Good fresh grilled burger when they aren't busy. Wait times aren't normally long. 24/7 so a great place to go when you're hungry late which is hard to find in the neighborhood. Staff is always amazing. So I would definitely recommend... I might go there now lolAte here around midnight on our first night in town. Small, unassuming place with no frills. Very old school, and i Love it. Solid old fashioned broiler burger.  No big, luxury burgers here, just a regular patty with solid char on fresh buns. If you order with cheddar, the cheese is shredded and cold. Different if you're not used to it, but refreshing to me.  Check it out if you're near City Park.I've been here twice now and its been amazing both times the flavor and feel of the burgers are amazing and i made sure none of the chili on my chili cheese fries was left i scraped it up with my fork im definitely cant wait to come back