My two friends and I picked Buffa's for dinner on a Sunday evening instead of Port of Call because of the tremendous wait for a table at PoC. It was an excellent choice!
We sat in the bar and a very personable and known-around-town (apparently) bartender took care of us. In the best tradition of bartenders, he provided wit and behind the bar wisdom. The drinks were also excellent. One of my friends and I did a split and share for the Gotham Burger with house made potato salad and the Shrimp Creole.
The food was excellent. Highly recommend the burger and I cannot stop thinking about the potato salad! Only concern was a bit of a delay in making the food. The kitchen seemed to be quite understaffed and we waited a significant amount of time for what we'd ordered. The bartender was apologetic and helpful, checking on our food often.
If you're looking for good quality, good value food in the Marigny/ Quarter area, definitely give Buffa's your time. You won't be sorry (unless you don't have time to spare)!The music was a nice touch, and the food was decent. The only complaint I have is that they don't serve lunch until 2Our last night in New Orleans.
We had done the French Quarter, hoofed all over the Garden District, shopped 'till we dropped, and all we really wanted was a quiet local establishment that served some damn good food. Tourist-free would be a bonus.
We found it. Just a few blocks from the house we were staying in was Buffa's. For $20 we had a better meal than most of the $50 and $60 meals; and those weren't bad by any stretch, which says that Buffa's did a really nice job. My red beans and rice was just perfect, and whatever she had disappeared quickly.
We'll be back.Had really low expectations when the boyfriend decided to bring his visiting sister+boyfriend to a bar for brunch. Since moving back to New Orleans it's been a trying road getting used to this whole smoking allowed indoors thing, but it's the way of the land {{cry}}. 
Alas, Buffa's was the only jazz brunch option we could find that wasn't in Metairie or a hotel- I swear there are more in Chicago. He wanted a famous burger, but they are not on the brunch menu. For a brunch they have a limited 'unch' selection. I ordered the only one: Stuffed Portobello caps with shrimp stuffing, the accompanying creamy crab dressing was crossed off of all the menus to further enforce my plummeting expectations. Once it arrived, my attitude completely shifted. The stuffing was flavorful, and moist. Major plus: the 'shrooms weren't greasy. The boyf got steak and eggs. I wasn't much interested in his meal, but my overall dining experience was very good.
Then half of the reason we were there began to play. Some Like It Hot is so delightful. Between swing-your-feet, dance-in-your-seat songs they have playful banter with the patrons that make you feel like one of their pals.There was only one waitress, overworked and rude. She was rude many times and sat other people who arrived later ahead of us. She was being rude with everyone entering and rudely telling people to close the door and wait outside. Costumers didn't even have the opportunity to ask any questions. We just left and don't intend to come back. Pitty, because the musicians seemed really good.We went for Sunday jazz brunch and it was amazing. I had two eggs with shrimp. The biscuit was amongst the best in New Orleans. Nice Sunday brunch options, prices reasonable and service with a smile. But the reals treat was the band playing and the locals dancing - great vibe and I was happy this was our last stop on the way to the airport, we definitely left NOLA on a high note.Nice bar with live music that serves affable bar food. There was one standout dish: the fried green beans. Fresh green beans, crispy with a sriracha dipping sauce. I wished the rest of the meal had matched the appetizer. The burger was OK, and certainly didn't seem like it wasn't a frozen patty. I swapped fries for their bleu cheese cole slaw, which seemed to be missing the bleu cheese. The vegan in the group ordered a salad, which was HUGE. Those ingredients did look quite fresh, although I never think of a salad as bar food. 
The live music was great, and fit the mood of a slow summer evening.Stopped in a couple times during my visit to NOLA.  We were staying just down the street and Buffa's was on the way into town.  Nice little bar/restaurant.  Staff was friendly and helpful with the menu.  Fried green beans were addictive. On Friday there was live music which was wonderful: not too loud and perfect for a dinner date.  Buffa's was recommended to us by our hosts and we weren't disappointed.Just what we needed! The burger & a cup of red beans & rice were phenomenal...though the food was fantastic, really the gem here is the staff. Our bartender was awesome & we made a new friend in Felix, who works in the back of house(make sure you connect with these guys, they are the cream of the crop!). It was such a great stop, don't hesitate to pop in for a really lovely time. Oh, and don't hesitate to get down with that Habanero & garlic hot sauce.This is a great place with a soul. It was on my list for a late night drink after hanging out on Frenchman, but a huge storm rolled in and ruined our lunch reservations. We dodged some raindrops and found the best Crawfish Ettoufe, Boudin balls, and red beans and rice. That may be a strong statement, but I can only compare to the other 10 places I ate at.
I doubt the entire menu is this stellar, but I wouldn't mind giving it a shot.
One day we ate in the smoke free live music back room, real inviting with a local feel. A few days later a hung out in the mildly smoky front room drinking and asking locals why beignets suck so much. Great bartender, cold beer and open 24 hours.
Like any bar it can change by the minute, if this isn'y your scene come back in a few hours and it may be.For the sake of this review I only want to focus on the fact that I was able to order an entirely Paleo meal, as the vegetables were cooked with olive oil. My fiance had the blackened redfish and I had the steak. Chef David prepared both meals to perfection, which we were able to enjoy in the newly renovated bar which of course still has the dark and unassuming ambience of the original atmosphere, but without the same Louisiana heat, thanks to the higher ceilings. I know... that has nothing to do with Paleo fare, but it is essential to enjoying your dining experience, regardless of to which diet you subscribe.Oh man I really took a liking to this place. 
GREAT Bloody Mary's. Amazing buffalo wings.
A place to hang your purse and charge your phone. 
Free Wi-Fi and open 24 hours? I didn't want to leave LOL.
Why 4 stars?  I walked my happy ass over one drunken night to order food to-go and they were out of just about everything on the menu. On top of that I get to our hotel and the woman forgot to add some of my items in my bag. Wasn't cheap but I didn't want to walk all the way back. UGHI had only heard great things about Buffa's and I came in there very late on April 12th to meet up with a few friends and my brother. I was going to order a drink and even possibly some food as I have heard their food is delicious; but that all changed once I met the bartender. Her name was Sasha. She was not welcoming, she was giving my friends attitutde and telling them to "fuck off." She asked my one friend what he wanted to drink and when he responded with water she got nasty towards him. I had to remove myself from the bar because I didn't want to make a spectacle. I work in the service industry myself and I am a weekend bartender until the wee hours in the am and I have never responded that way to a customer for doing nothing wrong. The way she treated me and my friends gave me a very bad taste in my mouth and made me want to stoop to her level and tell her exactly how I felt; but I didn't, because what would that have solved? I feel you should speak to your bartender and let her know treating people with rudeness and disrespectful language is only going to hurt your business. If anyone ever asks I will tell them not to go to your establishment because your late night bartender Sasha has a stick driven so far up her ass she feels the need to treat everyone and anyone like shit. No thanks. Never again. My friends said the food was great too, but bad service will never get me to go back.Food was okay, little over priced. Bartender wasn't the greatest. I'd go back again but I would have to be super hungry and have limited options.Second time here in two years. Every time we visit NOLA we try to have at least one meal here. The red beans and rice is the best in the area! The food is well spiced. Warning...when they say hot they mean hot! The servers are very friendly and attentive, kitchen a little slow but well worth the wait. Strongly recommend.We were in town for a week and became nightly regulars here. Buffa's is the perfect place if you're out all night and need some delicious, fried, gravy-soaked food and some pre-sleep additional cocktails. (It was also a great place to have a morning cocktail to get the day started!) Max, the bartender was the best.We were hungry after checking in at the hotel next door. A gentleman here recommend Buffa verses the Port of Call just down the street. It is a small cramped space with lots of nerdy character which we liked. The food was underwhelming, a grease burger which was flavorful but not anything to write home about. My husband's grill cheese was made with shredded cheddar and way under cooked bacon. The bar's beer selection was small. Overall we loved the decor but won't be eating there again.Places smells like a mold infestation. Bartenders have really bad customer service skillszYummy food 24 hours.  This is my go to spot after the bars.  Great local crowd.  $ btl & frys 8.00. Music in the dining room most nights, or a movie on the big screen.What a great find!  I was looking for a place for Sunday Jazz brunch and came across Buffa's. With so many choices and only one Sunday that we would  be in town, I wanted to make sure I picked a good one. This was it!  The service was outstanding,  Barrett was an absolute delight. She even recommended other places for us to try. The food was , and the music was outstanding!  It's a pretty small place, only 10 tables,  a few people ended up sharing the larger tables with "new friends". We got there about 10:30, (music started at 11:00) which was plenty really enough to get a table. So happy we picked this place. If you are looking for high class brunch, this isn't it. .. but if you are looking for a true New Orleans experience with great music and friendly service,  you have to go to Buffa's!I would have given this place five stars until my last visit to this place on Monday night. 
We visited this place on Friday of last week. The bartender Peter in the music area was awesome and the crawfish etouffe was delicious. However when we went back on Monday night the bartender in the front bar was clueless, rude and to make matters worse served crawfish etouffe that was frozen which was probably not microwaved enough !
Won't go back to this place !The music and food were good but the bartender was absolutely rude!!! I stood at the bar for over 10 minutes and was totally ignored while he stood there... not busy!!!  I have no drink and I am peeved :( Then later on, we were berated by the band leader (who was friends with someone in our group) for not tipping... when several of us had.Don't go to this place with fancy expectations; this is a neighborhood dive with reliable food and either very good or very strange performers in the back room (both in one day); something is on stage every night. Bartender is friendly, service is slow, manager is concerned, locals come here for not-pricey fare. Beer you order is not beer you get (twice), but Davis Rogan plays here and it is open late.Love this place! Had the patty melt...yum. Best French fries. Delicious. Live music. Overall great experience. Good service, cold beerWalked in this place randomly at midnight looking for food, and glad I did! Food was yummy and reasonably price, and Thomas the bar tender was AMAZING!
Red beans and rice with sausage is a MASSIVE plate of perfection.
Chorizo bean chili cheese fries hit the spot and are beyond delicious.the back room - decent atmosphere - happy local band - off Frenchman but just as much fun - hearty food - good prices. Recommend the place, the food and the music.I had lunch here while on my first ever NOLA visit. This is definitely a great spot to take a break from all the touristy places in town- I see why locals must love it! The food was good, but know that they have their own twist on some of the Louisiana standards, such as their jambalaya, which I enjoyed. Service was attentive and friendly. I'll definitely make this a stop the next time I'm in town.Pretty cool place. Bar in front, tables in back. The bartender was friendly, although a little "forgetful", shall we say. Some other patrons, "regulars" were very friendly and sociable. Prices were not bad. It smelled a little funky at the bar, though. 
It was fun, I'll go back when I'm in the area next.Buffa's is a gem.  We like it so well we went for brunch twice this week: on Sunday 12/30 and again on New Year's Day.  The back room also has good live music most nights of the week and the bar food in the front or back bar is top notch (one of the best burgers in New Orleans and amazing cheesecake!).  Buffa's is a definitely a neighborhood place, but one that loves visitors and by the end of your first visit, you'll feel like a regular too.The staff was friendly. Kitchen was VERY slow. 
We ordered boudin balls, a reuben, and the jambalaya. After what felt like an eternity we were told they were out of jambala, so red beans and rice replaced it.
The boudin balls and accompanying broth were amazing, though we were ready to start gnawing on the bar by the time they showed up.
The reuben was super delicious. For some reason I'm obsessing over the rye bread. The beans and rice were cold and the brat was just a regular ol store brat. The beans and rice were delicious though.
It was nice to be in a place that felt like locals hang out there.The bartender at Buffa's makes me want to say "F that dude!" He is rude and obnoxious. I realize he thinks this is his schtick, but it doesn't work. I wasn't the only patron tonight that was turned off.
I'll give two stars because I hear the food is good and the regulars are really nice.Went here two nights in a row and was not disappointed. Music was great and staff was fun. I recommend getting Kelly up there to sing with the band... She can really sing! Highly recommended.Buffa's is one of your classic 24/7 food spots in the quarter. It's a gem and doesnt feel touristy 
I have seen some weird stuff in there over the years whenever I visit but you know exactly what it is when you walk in. Definitely a dive, definitely not the greatest food, but it'll work for whatever you are looking for at that time.Fantastic chicken cordon bleu sandwich. Small room is smoky tho but back room is non smokingGreat dive bar with good food. Boudin balls were great and the red beans and rice were terrific!The grilled redfish Po-boy sandwich is excellent. I would have given this restaurant five stars, but the customer service could have been better.  I'm just saying!After reading some of the reviews I fear that I severely under explored their menu, as I mainly visited for the drinks, atmosphere and entertainment. Excellent selection (like 5 shelves) of hot sauces, the amazing staff keep you coming back and just might be lucky enough to walk in on a night that, New Orleans legend Davis Rogan is tickling the ivories.The food here was on par for a bar & grill. Nothing to write home about but it definitely got the job done. The live music on the other hand was FANTASTIC. No extra charge to listen to great musicians while eating dinner. 
We did feel bad for James the bartender/server/runner he had a full house (seriously more than 30 people!) and was doing it ALL himself. If this happens when you come you'll definitely wait. He was kind & as on top of things as he could be with that many guests. 
Management: get this man some help on a Friday evening during live music!! 
We'd recommend this joint if you want somewhere "the locals go"Buffa's is a neighborhood bar in front and a restaurant and live music venue in the rear. Located just across the street from the French Quarter on Esplanade and Burgundy. The menu is varied and consists of New Orleans food as well as American favorites. There are a number of items I would love to try but I can't seem to get past the burger. It's one of the best you will find anywhere. Juicy and delicious. What more can I say. As for the music; open mic on Wednesday, Royal Rounders on Saturday, a jazz brunch on Sunday morning with Some Like it Hot. But best of all is Thursday night featuring Aurora Nealand & Tom McDermott, 2 incredible musicians. Hungry or not, Thursday nights are a treat. 4/17/14 update. Finally broke my Buffa's burger addiction and tried the Shrimp Creole. It was amazing. Even better then the burger. Not a fancy place but I have had some of my best meals in NOLA at Buffa's.I LOVE a good friendly dive bar and I always seek them out everywhere I travel.  Buffa's is my go-to NOLA place and reminds me of my favorite corner watering holes in Wisconsin which is high praise coming from a state that drinks their breakfast, dinner and lunch. 
They do get a little fancy with the USB chargers below the bar but I won't hold that against them.  They also have purse hooks as well so they are trying to accommodate the drunk with charging and purse hanging needs.
We went there and friend ordered a shot of Jager and it came in a small rocks glass and was only $5 or $6 and was a HUGE pour.  All of the pours were good and the prices much more reasonable than most places.  The service is friendly but still a little edgy which I dig in a corner bar.
They do have bar food which is a notch above the norm. We always get the fried green beans with their dipping sauce.  It is a great snack for absorbing all of the booze.  
The place is pretty good size with a back room.  You have to zig-zag your way back to the room where they have the bathrooms.  The bathrooms get an A grade which is unusual for NOLA where you usually have to hover over the toilet.  
It's a little off the beaten path but well worth it.  If you are hanging on Frenchman street it is only a few block walk down Esplanade but well worth it!I was walking from my B&B towards the French Quarter and I happened upon this place. It is very much a hole in the wall, and very much a local place. The staff treats you like family and it is a very relaxed atmosphere. I ordered the jambalaya and let me tell you, it was fantastic! It had very little spice as far as heat goes, but was packed full of flavor. It's places like this that I love to go to, not only to they prove for the most part to have better food than the tourist places, but it has a home town feel to it.Food was OK. Place was a dive bar, but bartender was nice. The locals were interesting that hang out here regularly!!Come for the red beans and rice, a humorous banter with Huggy the lovely bartender who makes tastey bourbon drinks.  Recommended by concierge at St. Pierre's for a break from the mainstream.Had some friends in town this weekend, thought we'd try Buffa's again. 
Food is great, love the live music. Once again, no splitting the checks. 
Oh well, too many other good places in town that do split checks. 
Sorry guys, get with the times, nobody wants to pick up everyone's tab. I can understand if it's a large group, but a group of 2 couples is ridiculous.My wife and I went to Buffa's Back Room a couple of times during our recent visit to New Orleans. We were there mainly for the music, which was excellent, but the food was much better than we expected it to be, and the service was also great - very professional, and just attentive enough without being obtrusive. I only wish the other patrons had been more respectful of the music, and of those of us who were listening to it. (Many were in fact quite attentive, but in such a small room one or two loud tables can be very disruptive.)Great friendly staff. Service was super fast. The band playing was very talented. We had a group of 3 and immediately were sat at a great table in the front.
We had the boudin balls and alligator balls, both delicious. Two of us had the shrimp creole, a classic and tasty. My husband had the shrimp carrot croquettes which were by far the best thing on our table. 
Great local place! A new favorite!The bloody Mary's are a tasty and spicy way to start the day. The seafood omelette is huge with shrimp cheese and crawfish corn sauce. Paula had gumbo and biscuits and gravy. ExcellentAmazing food amazing service!!!! Came to visit my brother from Chicago and went to Buffa's to see the game (World Cup) had a great time! Stopping by to take some gator balls to the Chi!Burgers are great, red beans and rice is great, drinks are well priced and there is always a random movie playing on the TV. The bar is perfect if you're looking for a dive that will make you want to be a regular.Great place to relax and enjoy some music. Real feel of New Orleans! People are so nice here. Must visit!the back was too packed to listen to some jazz so we sat out in front. we were just there to wait out the weather before heading to Jazz Fess.  BEST. JAMBALAYA. EVER.  
Bloody Mary's are nothing fancy but damn good - lots of alcoholI appreciate that I can drink in the back and because that's technically the dining room...no smoking! But I do love the atmosphere of the front bar.  Drinks are fine, just don't expect fancy pants ones.  Staff is friendly and snarky (a personal favorite combination).
LOVE the fried green bean snack as an alternative to straight up fries.Late night food options, a host of energetic, social bar mates and live music is what you will find on a Friday night.  On a holiday like Thanksgiving when you have a taste for an adult beverage and would like to place a to go alcohol order because you  are passenger after all, look no further. Buffa's is the place for you. And if you a turning up your nose at the idea of a taco adult beverage, I think it's important to note that there are 13 places other than New Orleans (in the US)  where this is commonplace (Kansas City P&L District, Ohio, Nebraska (Lincoln),etc). 
Wow it seems that my original plan is usually not to venture over to Buffa's, I always leave with the thought that I should frequent this establishment more than I do. There are several solid food options for any and every palette, and there is ample seating between the front bar area and back to hold a pretty nice size crowd. If loud music is not your thing, I would recommend sitting up front. 
Parking on Esplanade Avenue is never a walk in the park, but with a little patience you should be able to find something between Esplanade and Rampart which is a short distance away.I was headed to Port Of Call for a burger and the line was WAY too long. So, we headed across the street to Buffa's. The place might not be super nice... pretty much a dive bar, but the service was good and the burgers were amazing!!! I can't recommend any of the other food, but I recommend the burgers over Port of Call's any day. They serve blackened burgers... mmm, mmm. good. 
Also, their jukebox has a great selection of music!Dive bar. Open 24hrs. Cheap cold beer. Dog friendly. Usually has good food, but service can be off and something always gets screwed up. Cheese fries are amazing. Free wifi.Buffa's is my absolute favorite place to visit when I'm in town, especially for Sunday brunches. If you want a loud, fun good time while eating, Some Like It Hot is the Sunday in-house band that plays NOLA jazz and they really are a fun bunch. They should be paid professionals rather than doing this for tips. They have such chemistry and are a ball to watch. They clearly are up there doing it every Sunday because they LOVE to. The food and drinks here are great too. If you're not worried about your carbs or how fluffy you're getting, order Scott's Eggs. It's breaded eggs deep fried in pork sausage. It's f**king amazing. 
No visit to NOLA is complete without coming to Buffa's.Great great breakfast spot Miss Holly is always entertaining. 24/7 you never know who you might run into.  NCIS cast and crew. American horror story casting crew. You just never know.When I asked the bartender what was good on the menu, she laughed at me. "Everything," she said, laughing. I'm a tourist. She knows it. And I'm the ONLY tourist. I laughed with her for a minute and asked her for her favorite, her recommendation. She laughed again. "Everything." Honestly, at this point, I'm ready to leave. How can you not recommend a selection? How can you laugh at your customer when he's legitimately asking for advice on how to spend money? 
In any case, I wound up eating a Redfish Po'Boy and some Shrimp Creole. To say the fish was delicious was an understatement. I wanted some bar food, and I left having eaten one of the most delicious cuts of fish in my life. Fresh, vibrant, perfectly spiced and blackened. The Shrimp Creole had depth and heat that only accentuated my sandwich. Both dishes were made with love. I felt like I was 10 years old at my kitchen table. 
While I ate, a local musician played classical piano in the background. I honestly can't recommend this place enough. I wish there were a sixth star. Sadly, being out of town, it will be a long time before I ever come back; but Buffa's might be the reason I buy a plane ticket.The food was really good :) the place is a dive though. I was kinda skeeved out sitting there but the food was good. I had Red Beans & Rice!! Delish!! Plus a burger, also great!! My husband got one to go and he loved his, too. My friend got the catfish Po' Boy and told me they are always on point. Pretty good in the 'hood. I think this is a good option when you want something quick, super casual and are in the mood for your standard bar food + a little extra NOLA flavor.Cool spot with a relaxed vintage vibe. I immediately liked the look of it with its checker board floors and funky murals. The dining room's a good place to hide out if you enjoy live jazz and have some time to kill. Be sure to bring a jacket, though; it is freezing!
The food's tasty. I had the chef salad which was well seasoned with plenty of fresh, crisp goodness. They participate in eatfit NOLA, so if you're after lighter fare, they've got you covered. They even offer a veggie burger.
Our server was quick and friendly, and we never went without water.We showed up, very excited, for the Jazz brunch on a Sunday. Being first timers, we didn't know where to go to check in or get our names in the list, so we walked up to the bar and tried to flag down a waitress. One was too busy SMOKING to even look up. When she finally did, I started to ask where we need to go to sign in, and she interrupted me to say "you can't talk to me. You'll have to order from her!". The lady she was referencing said "yeah, you'll have to go through me anyhow. Don't even bother ordering from her!". My husband stepped up and said we are just trying to get our name on the wait list. She said we were on the dog and smoking side and the other side was the Jazz and non smoking side... To try going over there. We did, and could never find a hostess or a server that would make eye contact, so we left. They are too busy to care about being courteous or helpful, and the place smells like feet and smoke. The Ruby Slipper is 5 minutes away and has EXTREMELY friendly staff and amazing food. Go there instead!What can you say ... It's sad when a great place is just not that great anymore. Sad so sad 
Once was a fantastic late night spot with good New Orleans bar food.
Ate there last night and was not terrible happy about any of it. 
Jalapeño poppers straight out the Freezer bag from Walmart., blah
Onion rings though looked amazing 
where not cooked through so runny flour paste on inside in edible mostly 
Boudin balls where fried almost hard 
and the crawfish cream sauce was nothing more than tiny frozen crawfish in watery flavorless milky liquid. 
My burger was passable though it did come dressed incorrectly. Service it self was marginal and not terribly attentive, bar had people but not overly busy. Much better options exist a few blocks away, I'll leave this place to rest in my memories of better times.. And the tourist and recent transplants can have this new incarnationI have never once been disappointed here. The service is quick and attentive, the food is great and there are always interesting characters here. Another great thing is that the back room is smoke-free and has live music. I have had friends work here and know they keep a clean kitchen and use quality ingredients.I love Buffas. I'd give it 5 stars if it want for the lower than average cleanliness. The shrimp Creole is great, the Redfish Poboy amazing. The burgers, hot wings, Creole green beans, fried corn nuggets, etc. are all great. I eat here all the time. If you're looking for great food at 4:00 in the morning, defiantly go to Buffa's.Christy was amazing!!! We came here for my bachelor party. Ask for Christy.get the creole sheimp.We went to Buffa's because we heard the food was good (it was). We stayed because of the staff. Kelley & Rebecca were spot on - knew about the food at their own place and at other places, plus about New Orleans in general. The live music was awesome too - a 40's sounding group called Dapper Dandies (I think ) who were very good. We had the veggie burgers - spicy, with black beans, delish! - which came with fresh zuchinni sautéed in a butter sauce. Go now & look for Kelley & Rebecca!the best - If you are in  NoLa on a Sunday their Jazz Brunch, which is mainly locals, and highlighted by a dixieland Jazz Band - is not to be missed.  Oh - and the food is good and oh - you can;t go wrong with $3.00 mimosas which is rally bubbly with a "Splash" of OJ. Couple that with friendly service- ya gotta goFun place with great, friendly staff and good music during their shows. Old movies usually on the TV--a plus! Huggy Bear will spoil your dogs--very dog-friendly and a neighborhood institution.It was a block away from home, and everything else in town was a 2 hr wait for dinner.   We stopped in on this friday evening and found 3 seats at the bar (in the back area), just as the entertainment was starting.  The bar tender took care of us well, and we ate and drank and had great music for the evening.   I had the burger, which was excellent, gigantic, and very juicy.Low key reasonably priced food off the beaten track. Great music and friendly waitstaff. I highly recommend it. The redfish was bomb.I love this place, so much. Im here at least once a week. I would also love to give it 5 stars. But the bartender named Tom is completely awful. He needs to go. Arguing with customers is not okay. My boyfriend and I asked for a certain type of hot sauce to go with our food. He proceeded to start an argument and  tell me that i didnt need that kind of sauce because i cant tell the difference between hot sauces anyway. He started yelling and calling me names because i refused to engage in his ridiculousness. He even stooped and called me whoopi goldberg because im black. I look nothing like whoopi.Buffas is our kind of dive bar.  We seem to seek out places where locals come to gather. A big plus is being dog friendly.  Scotty was the bartender and he was attentive and helped us with NOLA suggestions since we are Michigan folks. Garry had redfish po boy which he said was the best fish he ever had. I had gator balls with yummy crawfish sauce and homemade potato salad ....yummo.The only good thing about a very VERY odd night. I worked a night shift, and ended up on a psuedo-date. We walked to Buffa's at 3:30am, and I was told the corned beef hash was the best thing on the menu. Well ain't that the truth, Ruth?
The service was friendly, and the hash and eggs were PERFECTLY cooked. I ate every bite,  although my poor stomach wanted to burst not even halfway through the plate. There was no stopping me, and I sure as hell didn't want to share one bite!
I tell you, Buffa's: I see the beginnings of a beautiful friendship here.  A week [and no second date] later, I barely remember psuedo-date... but that hash and eggs... I remember that like it was yesterday.This was my very first stop in New Orleans on my vacation. I just wanted some fried bar food and a good drink. It was absolutely pouring that day but we got a good parking spot and ran inside and we're caught off guard at how small the place really is. It was really dark and some of their workers were just sitting around being kind of creepy. The main guy that took our order and made our drinks was pretty friendly and helped us find some other places that would be good. The gator balls weren't bad, our  drinks were good and the grilled cheese and fries were pretty typical.Buffa's burger tops overrated Port of Call IMO, and it's much better than Yo Mama's. And you can actually get it with french fries!!
Service is friendly and the last time I went I was comped a round of drinks because the kitchen was so busy that it took longer than normal to get our yummy burgers. 
I don't know if they have a "walk the plank" but their burgers are darn good and I will be heading back soon!Stopped by for a late lunch with friends during visit. Food was not bad, however another guest came in with a dog. The guest sat the dog in a chair next to another guest and allowed the dog to lick the other guest. The dog was also licking the bar and the bartender was playing with the dog. When preparing a drink for another guest, the bartender did not wash his hands nor did he wipe down the bar area where the dog was licking. I don't have a problem with dogs, but this just seems unsanitary.Buffa's was walkable to our place in New Orleans, so my friend and I stopped by for drinks and some dinner on a Monday night. It was packed so we grabbed a high-top and some stools just inside the back room's entrance. We ordered vodka tonics that were strong enough to eliminate any need for a second round, followed by simple but tasty house salads. The redfish po-boy had too much sambal sauce but the fish was delicious. Our favorite part of all was the live music that accompanied our meal. Service was a little slow but we had a great time and would come back!I love Buffa's because it doesn't pretend to be anything but what it is; a great bar on the edge of the French Quarter serving locals.
With that being side you never know what you will walk into when you push that door. Yesterday I walked in on a local shaking her thang for some out of towners. She was having a blast, they were having a blast even the guy playing the poker machine was having a blast.
Now Buffa's does two things well; serve booze at all hours of the night and believe it or not cook some great food. 
The wings are most, if you like spicy make sure to go for the 3.5 spicy and up. When they come out of the back those wings will be steaming hot and covered in the great Buffa's hot sauce. The ranch dressing is made fresh and it is so good.
Now they do have some signature dishes on the menu that I have yet to try but I tell you the burgers have never let me down. 
This time I had The Gotham Knight a delicious burger patty, mushrooms and deep fried country ham! It will knock your socks off! Oh I almost forgot don't expect to see any lettuce or tomatoes that's stuff is for losers. Do however expect some very crunchy and delicious fries which come with the burger.
Huggie is usually behind the bar and can serve up just about anything along with a joke or a bit of sarcasm. 
So eat and drink at Buffa's it what the locals do!Fantastic atmosphere and food. The burger was really good. And the service from Kelley and the other bartender was fantastically friendly and on it!! New favorite bar!!As fate would have it, I live very proximate to Buffa's. So other than Verti Mart, they are my go to for impromptu grub sessions. Translated, too damn lazy to fix dinner. Grab a burger, or a Ruben or a BLT or their Seared Ahi Tuna sandwich. They are all excellent. The kitchen there definitely has a a pro running it. Food comes out timely and hot.
Buffa's has two separate and distinct environments. The bar up front, permits smoking, has great bartenders and is an interesting place to hang out. Everybody is a friendly face and they do a good job at making  you feel welcome. 
Now the backroom at Buffa's is the hot ticket. This room is a no smoking, spacious dining area, with some form of entertainment every night of the week, including a great Open Mic on Wednesday nights. David Roe is the host and he does an excellent job of keeping it lively. If you show up to play, you get a free drink after your performance and 50% off your food order. But it's a bargain at any price.
Also, the backroom has coffee service every morning at 7am, so if your green tea just isn't doing it, you can drop by for a hot cup of coffee and usually, a dose of MSNBC.
If you haven't visited this neighborhood haunt, you are missing out.