Cindy is the best! Great food and service. Food is authentic and so is the staff. Everything is made fresh and you can taste the difference from other Mexican restaurants at first bite. I would recommend to anyone that enjoys Mexican cuisine.It is under new ownership and now called Taqueria Burrito's Grill. Absolutely delish! I love it! The green sauce rocks! I love it on cheese enchiladas. I'm picky about mexican rice and I love theirs. I recently moved back to New Orleans from Houston and one thing I miss is those little Taquerias that most people don't know about. Truly authentic mexican and they recently moved from Houston as well so I knew I was at the right place. It's the only mexican food that I can find in New Orleans East. I'll be a frequent customer. I think I am going back today! Open 7 days a week. Breakfast served 9a-11a. Open past 5PM. There # is 504-242-0573 to call for take out. YUMMY!!!!Food was great. Staff was nice, friendly and helpful with menu suggestions. The Happy Hour is a good deal and the house margaritas tasted better than many other restaurants I've visited. I had the chicken poblano which was great. My friend enjoyed his enchiladas and they allowed him to have 3 different types on one plate.I have no idea what these people are talking about. This place is disgusting. I'm from San Antonio Texas, so I know what 
 Mexican food is supposed to taste like. I'm not expecting New Orleans to have outstanding Mexican food, but this place is completely gross. Eat at your own risk.My husband and I were staying nearby and stopped here for dinner-to-go one night.  It was fabulous!  Everything we ordered turn out great.  It looks like a dive from the outside, but it's great and the service was also impeccable.This neighborhood place is a hidden gem! I had the Mexican enchilada platter and I was delicious. The neighboring table had the fajitas and the aroma from that sizzling platter was amazing. Since I live close I will definitely be making this a regular spot.Stop by on a saturday and the food was hot and fresh this is one of the best mexican resturant i have found in the area and i travel from metairie to eat here.Horrible. Only table in there and the waitress took her sweet time since she was chatting with the cooks. No refills on soda you get a bottle. I ordered steak fajitas that came out in about 5 mins. The steak was precooked with very little flavor it tasted as the steak was microwaved. You get sautéed onions and 3 pieces of sautéed jalpeno. The salsa was dencent with a nice bite to it. But other than that I wouldn't reccomend them to anyone.This was pretty good. I was looking for some Mexican food and found it. Large portions and it came out relatively quick.Craving some Mexican food.  Found that this place was fairly close to our location so went for it.
Chips and a very mild salsa greet you as you are seated.  Very small but clean little restaurant.  Music was a bit loud.
Waitress was great, very attentive.
We were there during happy hour, ordered a couple of the house margaritas, okay, nothing special.
We both ordered the burritos, my husband had chicken, I had the beef.  Meat was very tasty and lean.  We had ours with ranchero sauce, again very mild.  It was interesting that the sour cream and the guacamole that are inside the burrito, were both at opposite ends.  Food was lukewarm.  We are used to piping hot mexican on hot plates.
Prices were decent, servings were large.I love this place! It would be easy to just drive right past it and not see it or think it was a dive but that would be your loss. Finally Mexican food in New Orleans that can rival the Mexican food found in California and the south west. The food is always amazing and there is always plenty of it and it's quick I never have to wait more than maybe 15 minutes for my food. They even have vegetarian options which is great for when I bring my friends. It's for sure the best Mexican in the city and the best thing in the East.They now are open for breakfast and serve up the best breakfast tacos you will ever have.. 
***pro tip that green sauce is NOT guacamole it is a VERY hot chile sauce.The best Mexican food in New Orleans period. Cindy the waitress is so sexy and beautiful. The customer service is great .I just had the caldo de pollo, with arroz and warm tortillas, and must say this is one of *THE BEST* caldos I have ever had ~ as good as my Mom makes. Apparently, they use their grandmother's recipe and the soup is perfection. The conchita shells make for a heaping spoonful of delicious broth, arroz, and tender chicken - complemented by a squeeze of fresh lime juice and warm corn tortillas. I plan to visit Burritos Grille OFTEN and get more of this delicious comfort food - just like Mami makes back home.I ordered the spinach enchaladas.. Best I've ever had!  The sauce was packed with flavor... reminding me of fettuccini alfredo... the Veggie Fajita was not so great, but I've never had one that was.I was in New Orleans for five days and I ended up eating here three times. Good service and the dishes were fantastic. The serving size was also tremendous. I highly recommend them.Soooooo freaking good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I started off with the salsa and chips. They could of given me more salsa though but it's ok. 
I ordered the enchiladas with beans and rice. After a taste, I realized it needed something else. So I ordered pico, guacamole, and spicy green sauce on the side. The pico and guacamole made it refreshing since the dish  was too heavy for me with the beans, rice, and cheese (imo). The spicy green sauce ( not sure what's it called, my waitress recommended) gave  the enchiladas a nice kick to it. I like a tasty meal, I'm glad I added the sides though alittle pricey, beware. Meal total was 16$. It would of been decent price without the sides but I needed it. 
This looks like a family shop because they had their aunts, uncles, and little kids running around. The seats were alittle dirty looking but great food though. I will be back since it's closer to home.I'm not a big fan of Mexican food. I went their only because it was the closest restaurant that opened till 9 pm. Ordered their burrito, taco, quesadilla. OMG This is sooooooo delicious. I'm so in love with the crunchy taco and quesadilla. The cashier lady and the cook were very nice and helpful.Pretty solid Hispanic place if you are out in east New Orleans. The food is excellent; any of their burritos would be a bargain at half again the price. Generous portions; I highly recommend getting some of their green salsa to go with whatever you get.
Looks a little rough on the outside but the food and the service are both top notch. I highly recommend this if you're in the area looking for lunch or want to add a great little Mexican place to your list of restaurants.Really good Mexican food!! My family and I were passing by while traveling and were hungry. Decided to try the restaurant on a whim. The food was really tasty, and though I am no expert would dare say it was pretty authentic. Staff were friendly. Prices extremely reasonable esp the lunch specials (12-2p). Only negative was the bathrooms -- which were sweltering compared to the restaurant -- but I felt the food and service made up for it.Great food! The reviews I read were correct I would have had a picture but I was so hungry!I LOVE this place! Everything is delicious! Sometimes they don't have the first thing you order but that is because the insist on using only the freshest of ingredients. 
My fiancé adores the chile rellenos and orders them every single time. I generally order the enchiladas which they serve up various ways. Tonight I had the fajitas and they were also delicious. 
Everyone should try this place. Try not to fill up too much on the awesome salsa because EVERYTHING is soooo good!Great food, great atmosphere and great service! Absolutely loved it. Very good authentic Mexican food.If you are looking for solid, authentic Mexican food at cheap cheap prices look no further than Burritos Grille.  This place has handmade fresh tortillas, salsa, and everything else on their menu is fresh and awesome. The beef fajita tacos are seriously overstuffed and a crazy good deal at just $1.50 each.  Their charro beans are AWESOME perfectly cooked with the right blend of smoke and spices.  You can eat like a King at this place for $10!I love, love, love this place! K's mom lives near here, so we pass by this restaurant all the time. One day, we decided to stop in and grab some food and it was one of the best decisions we ever made!
Our first visit was good. Definitely good enough to make us come back, but our second visit? Oh my god. Whoever was working Saturday night--we don't even know if he was the owner or a really dedicated staff member--knows how to do business.
We haven't actually dined in since K's mom's place is so nearby. And when we showed up Saturday night, it was 30 minutes before closing so all the more reasons to get the food to go.
K ordered the wet burrito and I enchiladas. K asked if he could get queso instead of the sauce for his burrito and the guy taking our order said yes so willingly and there wasn't even an extra charge. While we waited for our order, he served us some chips and salsa and even packed some more for us to take. Lastly, he gave us a sample of their Tres Leches cake. How did he know I love me some tres leches?
All this for about $25 including tip and taxes. I know there are places where you can get Mexican food for cheaper than that, but the service was so impeccable it makes us want to go back. I wish I could give this place 6 stars.
The food has been consistently good. Of course we've only been twice, but we'll definitely be back, so I'll provide an update if anything changes.I had the chicken burrito here and it was AWESOME!! Ingredients were super fresh and the burrito itself was so flavorful! Parking was easy. Staff was friendly and speedy. Prices were great. The salsa was a bit runny, but still good. Cant wait to go back the next time im in NOLA! Wooo!!One of the only things SoCal has on new Orleans is the great Mexican food (ok. World food in general). Anyway this place keeps me from missing home too much. Burritos! Tacos! Chimichangas! They're all splendid. And that spicy green salsa... Yummmm! Oh. Homemade tortillas. Hell yes, this place.Burritos Grill is right north of Interstate 10, housed in what looks like an old Tastee Restaurant building. The exterior and interior are simple and what one would expect (standard Mexican restaurant decor). The tables and chairs actually look like former Tastee furniture. Anyway, the chips were ordinary, but the salsa (red & green) were tastier and spicier than average. The lunch entree, Two Beef Enchiladas, Mexican Rice, and Refried Beans ($8.00), was quite good, hot, and fresh. My only criticism is that it could have had a little chopped lettuce & tomato salad to go with it. Overall, this is a good value for lunch or dinner (it closes at 8:00 pm). One can also visit for a late breakfast, as they open at 9:00 am. I recommend this restaurant. RJTThis neighborhood place is a hidden gem! The chips and salsa are great especially the salsa, yes it comes in a small soufflé cup, but they will happily refill it. I had the Mexican enchilada platter and it was delicious. The table next to me had the fajitas and looked and smelled amazing. The service is always excellent and the margaritas are fantastic.The food was delicious and hot when we picked it up. The restaurant itself was pretty lacking, not the most inviting place to want to dine in, but I'm not completely opposed to it. Bonus points: they let you order mixed drinks to go.This place is AWESOME!!! You MUST try the margaritas and the fajitas! The portions are large and the food is SUPERB. Flavorful, the people are nice and its clean. LOVE LOVE LOVE it!No frills just great food. Excellent service and a noticeable care for quality and customer satisfaction.Delicious! Food is fresh, tasty, and authentic! Don't be fooled by the location or appearance this place is off the chain. I had the shrimp quesadilla and it was DELICIOUS. The shrimp were big and well seasoned, and the tortillas were very fresh. 
Definitely will be back for the karaoke on the weekend nights!Ok so, I consider myself a foodie, right? However, I'm a bit of a snob. I rarely go to places that don't immediately "WOW" me from the outside. I was hesitant to try out Burritos Grille, even after hearing from 2 reliable sources how good the food was. I just couldn't imagine that the old donut shop on Read, had converted to a Mexican restaurant...and it was actually good!  Boy was I wrong. This place isn't just good, it's EXCELLENT. So much so, that I went back two days in a row! The outside is a bit sketchy. As I said it is housed in a strip mall in New Orleans East that isn't the most pleasing to the eye. The outside kind of reminds you of the old Popeyes buildings...but never judge a book by its cover. When you enter, u kind of feel a sense of relief...the decor makes u feel like u are in an authentic Mexican restaurant (minus the video poker machines). There's tons of Mexican paraphernalia, a juke box that's constantly spinning Latin Hits, and a tv that plays Hispanic soap operas. 
We started by indulging in Happy Hour (which starts at 2p every day). After a couple of custom made mango margaritas, we decided to order. I was all set on the shrimp tacos but the manager suggested otherwise. She showed me the shrimp fajita meal and I just had to have it! It was two of us, and yet enough food for both of us to share. Oh wait. Let me not forget about the salsa and chips the manager gave us as we waited for the main course and drank margaritas. The salsa was to die for! 
The next day I returned with shrimp tacos in mind...so I ordered them....and per the manager's suggestion (again) we ordered the shrimp nachos. Can I tell y'all how freaking wonderful those nachos are?!?! They aren't ur traditional nachos. Burritos grille takes individual nachos and places the following ingredients on them/: Beans, shrimp and salsa. It also is accompanied by guacamole and fresh jalapeños, pico de gallo and sour cream. Nom nom nom! 
The manager shared with us that all dishes are made with fresh ingredients. They make their own guacamole, pico, salsa, shredded chicken and even homemade chorizo (just to name a few). 
I can not wait to go back there for lunch again. I will most definitely be bringing another friend to introduce.Great place. Staff was friendly and the food was very good and not expensive. I had the California buritto, which was huge. They also give you free chips and salsa with your meal. Definitely will go back.I came here once on a whim an didn't expect much. I got a chile relleno al pastor. Easily the best I've ever had. That time somehow they were out of margaritas. The second time I got a chimichanga and a beerita. It makes life in the East live-able.In a city that is famous for its food, there are actually few real options for Mexican food. This place is as good as it gets in NOLA. Definitely worth the stop in the East. Convenient locale near the interstate. Hole in the wall.They have a few vegetarian options and you can mix and match a lot of things. I had a starter with avocado and an enchilada which I ate for 2 days. More than enough food. The beans and rice on the side were not to be forgotten either.
The staff were nice and kept up with our chip requests which were plentiful. Their salad is really good and their chips are the perfect vessel.AUTHENTIC! It's my favorite Mexican spot in New Orleans. My mother and I dine here quite often during lunch hours and rack up on the $2 tacos.Authentic Mexican! Little hole in the wall place. Very clean and great service. We were on our way out of New Orleans and needed to get a quick bite. We found this place and wasn't sure what to expect. We are glad we stayed because we all enjoyed our meal and had a great server. I got the grilled chicken americano...it was very tasty.Moved from houston to Nola looking for good Mexican food. This place was awesome! Customer service isn't the best and they charge for every add-on but the food tastes great.Great authentic Mexican.  I got the Steak Tampiquena Fajitas...delicious.  Happy Hour specials are excellent - $3 margaritas.  If you're a fan of spicy food, the green salsa is the stuff dreams are made of.  Service was fast and friendly.  I'll be back!I have no idea what these people are talking about. This place is disgusting. I'm from San Antonio Texas, so I know what 
 Mexican food is supposed to taste like. I'm not expecting New Orleans to have outstanding Mexican food, but this place is completely gross. Eat at your own risk.Excellent place to eat real Mexican food! Excellent service as well. Best Mexican in NOLASome of the best Authentic Mexican cuisine you'll find in New Orleans. Service is always fast and courteous. The food is consistently delicious. A hidden gem in NOLA East.My husband and I visited this restaurant on Cinco de Mayo... And OMG!!! My mouth is awaiting a burp. The margaritas I had snuck up on me and the food reminded me of my neighbor's kitchen in Houston. Do yourself a favor and order anything. The chips and salsa were extraordinary. The shrimp chimichanga (spck) was to die for. The shrimp quesadilla was mouthwatering. My kids had beef and chicken tacos and they were also amazing. I couldn't get this flavor from any spot I've visited thus far and I've been to plenty of Mexican spots. My new favorite restaurant for happy hour and beyond is Burritos Mexican Grill! I promise to visit for breakfast lunch and dinner real soon. 5 stars for authenticity. Muy Bueno!The food is GREAT!! Low wait times as well as good customer service! Just wish they could make their Horchata like they used to, it seems like they're always out of it nowadaysSo this is for their new, 2nd location in Chalmette. My rating for the first 2 visits would have been 5 stars but today.... not so much. My service was amazing, and has been each visit. The issue is with the kitchen. I can be a gringo in assuming that tortilla soup can always be expected at a Mexican restaurant but that's all that I wanted today and it was only after I started my margarita and complementary chips that I noticed it not on the menu. That's on me. I can deal and take note. But then the kitchen let me know that they were not offering any soup whatsoever, including the ones listed on the menu. So I ordered guacamole and was gonna keep it moving. However- this guacamole was SO sour from idk what (assuming to much lime maybe?) that I promptly asked for my check, left a 50% tip and went to El Paso. Now I wanna LOVE BG Bc The dishes I have had were super tasty and fresh but today was a swing and a miss. I'll update if I ever get to have their soup.Found this restaurant through Yelp, drove over there & they were closed, even though the business hours show they were open.Someone told me about this place.  Theres hardly any good Spanish spots in the Nola (from my experience) .  This place did not disappoint. I got the taco salad.  Fresh Pico and guac came with it.  Full of flavor.  And fast service.  Ordered, ate, and out the door in 20 minsMy daughter said "give em a 10 star if they have it" lol. That's how much we enjoyed. I had the veggie quesadilla & she had the chicken. This was our first visit and we would've dined in but we got there right before closing but luckily they still took our order. I loved the fresh guac & pico that accompanied the quesadilla plates. We both ate off our plates for 2 days. Big Bang for dat buck!don't get me wrong, this is some of the most authentic Mexican food you will eat in New Orleans the shredded chicken enchiladas are to die for and my coworkers always get the tacos and rave about them. However, the staff is very rude and cheap.  they offer you the smallest ramekin of salsa for the whole table and it isn't even full, plus they give you the biggest attitude when you ask for more salsa. Not only that but when they refill your salsa and see you don't have any chips they still won't give you any.  i've gotten so fed up with going there the last few times I haven't tipped at all because of terrible service and didn't feel any remorse whatsoever, improve your attitude Miss Cindy!My son and I love the steak tacos! They are pretty cheap!
The watermelon margarita is good! The pico is pretty tasty if you want to add it to your tacos!I always drive past this place and said I would eventually stop. I went this Tuesday because I was craving tacos. I ended up getting shredded chicken with cilantro and onions. Different taste from the truck up the street and that what I was use to but it was tasty. I used whatever the red sauce was because the green was sooooooo hot. She warned me but I didn't listen. They offer margaritas and other drinks (make sure to have your id). I had a house margarita while I waited on my food and it tasted good. It wasn't too bitter and it wasn't too sweetThis is the best texmex restaurant in the city! Everything is flavorful but still includes authentic and fresh ingredients! 
My favorite menu items are quesadillas. They can be prepared with a number of different meats. 
The salsa is also flavorful and deliciousFor reallll this place is a hidden gem!!! The food taste great I can't even begin to describe how good everything taste even the chips and salsa are amazing and the service is fast and the portions are huge u will leave a very happy customer no complaints hereOh my GAWD! Words can not express what happened to me and my taste buds!!! mercy mercy it's AMAZINGwhat a great fine.   seriously.   we got it to go but I will be back.  cute little restaurant with fine waitstaff.   food it straight up, and tasty.    I tipped well for a to go order, and was pleased that the waitress offered for me to try a few different things.  I got enchiladas and she talked me into one being chicken.    usually I just do cheese.  it was all good.  great refried beans with tons of flavor, and not your usual boring blandness that many places fall short of.
see you soon.Love the steak fajitas. I'm originally from Chicago so I know good food especially Mexican Food and Burrito Grill definitely exceeded my expectationsIt looks run down but the food was good!!! I had 2 chorizo tacos for $2.25 each and I had a frozen Strawberry Margarita to go and since it was happy hour the margarita is normally $7 but $5 during happy hour! They do haven an open sign in the window but it's broken so sometime it's lit and sometimes it's not but they are open till 9pm! It was good!!!!My sister took me here for happy hour and I must say it was AMAZING!!! Granted, it wasn't crowded at all, but I think it's because a lot of people don't really know about this restaurant. But boy oh boy after today I want to shout it to the mountain tops. This restaurant is really good!!! The waiters were super friendly, the cooks were great, and the overall atmosphere was phenomenal!!! If anyone is looking for good authentic Mexican food in New Orleans East, you have to check this place out. I got the shrimp burrito "wet" that means it has all the sauces on top. And I must say I am stuffed. The burrito was massive and so delicious, it was great. And we made it there for happy hour, so you know I had to see what the margaritas were about. Can you say strong AF!!! I loved every minute of it. Please everybody go check this place out!!!!yall ..., ion know who reading this but stop , and go getchu some of this mf Burritos Grill Mexican mann .. i'm not even being dramatic . the nachos .., the chicken quesadillas , the gahhdamn steak nachos , and the shrimp tacos lawd jesus hammercy they sum serious . they give you buku food for a decent price ( depending on whatchu get obviously ) && the chilled margaritas off the chain . you missing out if you ain't eat here yet . 10/10 !Ordered the beef fajita dinner. The price listed on the menu was 14.25 however I was charged 15.25. I also ordered the neon margarita. The price listed is 7 dollars but I was charged 9. When I tried to tell the only employee on duty which was a women who was waitressing and taking orders, she told me they had gone up on prices but not reflected it on any of there menus. This seems very unfair to me as a consumer purchasing at one price and being charged another. It seemed as if she had overcharged me and when confronted about it made up an excuse of COVID-19 prices without anything to back it up. I really enjoyed eating their food the first time and the food was still delicious the second but they have lost me as a customer due to this discrepancy.The cook undoubtedly knows exactly what he's doing in preparing these dishes! 
The Cancun red snapper is one of my favorites and kind amazing dish so well prepared with fresh avocado delicious red snapper served with beans and rice and tortillasSo I finally got around to trying Burritos Grill today.  My mom and I both had the Chimichanga (mine wet aka covered in enchilada sauce and cheese) and my mom's dry.  Lol that sounds funny out loud.  Any who,  my food was really good.  I should have taken photos before digging into mine but oh well!  My daughter had a side of beans and rice which she loved.  I have picky toddler so now I'm excited she'll eat here now.  I did take out, service was prompt and friendly at the bar.  I suggest to give it a try.  I took updated photos of the menu since the ones on yelp are super outdated and their website was hard to read on my phone.  You're welcome!You could say my Husband and I dubb this our fave spot for food.   While its in the east, its also very authentic and the staff is happy.   My go to here is a poblano enchilada.    (it has mushrooms, and I can't eat mushrooms, and they accomodate)   This dish is a creamy dish, with a ton of cheese and some heat.    They have a few different hot sauces here, and the green one is HOT.   Hot with a ton of flavor, and while my hubby has issues with really hot food, he still puts a dab on his plate, while I pour a ton on the beans and rice.    Fresh salsa and chips, and a bar to boot.    We eat here prior to covid, and post covid.   They have two locations now as well.   This one is the original one.    I've had the chile relleno, and tacos, and various items here, but my go to is the poblano enchilada.     Epic.I have no idea what kind of Mexican food the people who gave this place 5 stars have ever eaten Mexican before. This place is absolutely gross! My husband and I went this evening at 6-6:30. We are here for a class my husband is taking this week and and he loves Mexican (raised in Cali) so I took it upon myself to find something near our hotel and the first place that showed up on Yelp was this place closest to us. I read all the reviews and thought ok it is a hole in the wall (but sometimes those are the best places) and we decided to go for dinner.
We started out with chips and salsa of course. Then added large guacamole and cheese. Ok so the chips were stale. The salsa was served in a little tiny and I mean tiny dipping bowl that would come let's say the size of container that extra salad dressing at another restaurant might be given to you. Yes that tiny! The guacamole was nothing special and they served it on top of lettuce??! Who does that. I did not order lettuce and guacamole. Ok here is the best part, the white cheese was nothing white about it. It was yellow and had rotel in it. Yes it tasted like a rotel dip you make with velvetta cheese. Let's just say we did not even get to ordering an entree. That was enough for us! We left and ate Wendy's down the road after that! Nobody in there eating either. Should have been a clue!!This is a hidden gem in New Orleans East! The food here is amazing. I've had the nachos, the queso, the chimichanga, but today I tried the burrito. Hands down one of the best burritos I've ever had! The place itself has a lot of character and it is well worth the trip out here to try it.Absolutely THE best Mexican food in New Orleans period.  Everything I order is great.Stopped here on our way back from New Orleans, can't lie we were kinda sketched out about eating Mexican food by a truck stop. Glad we did!! Service was great and the food was even better. The decor was fun, basically a bunch of beer signs the company's give stores to promote their products (I.e. Corona "find your beach") opens early with the full menu so that is always a plus. The chips and salsa were very tasty as well. 3 of us ate until we had to unbuckle our pants and the bill was under $40 w/ tip!!!Tired this place on the recommendation of my sister. She was absolutely right, this place is fantastic! The food was fresh and delicious. Will definitely eat there again. I hve to try everything on the menu now.  :-)AWESOME food great atmosphere reasonable price. ........ AWESOME Margaritas fun place to eat and drink authentic Mexican food and drinksThis is an amazing restaurant to go to! The service is phenomenal and the food is just as good. Amazing portion sizes as well. Definitely will be back.After hours of searching thru yelp and other online tools, searching for a breakfast, we found this place toward the East side, not sure exactly where. I can't really comment on what the area was like, as I've never been there before. However we walked in, the staff were very inviting and kind. 
We were invited to sit where ever we wanted and the waitress came and took over pretty quickly. It was not a very fancy place, but the chips and salsa were absolutely delicious. I'm not sure if it was because I was starving at this point, after all we had been looking for breakfast and it was by now 2:30 p.m. . There was a generous amount of vegetarian options available and they were very kind to make adjustments to accommodate what we had wanted. 
The vegetarian burrito was bigger HUGE and all of our food came out very generously proportioned and quite tasty. Thank you for feeding some starving and lost vegetarians and having great options on your menu.Wow, I expected that my review would be one of the nice reviews for this place.  I almost feel bad withholding my extra stars.  My issue with this place is the same for every Mexican place I have eaten in New Orleans, THE MEAT.  
I ordered carnita tacos but they were out so I got the al pastor.  Big fat chunks of fat in there.  Now the meat that was there was tender and beautifully seasoned but I don't understand why the fat can't stay out of the tacos in New Orleans.
Sauces were good.  Waitress who was originally a little cool when I entered warmed up as I waited on my food and we discussed just how hot the hot sauce was (they didn't have a medium option).  I will definitely return for a sit down meal as it was relatively affordable and in my neighborhood.  Hopefully they won't place my face on the dart board for giving them this three stars.
Also a note that the free chips and salsa do not apply to togo orders.I was in the mood for Mexican and I really did not feel like traveling far so I scroll down my yelp app and I found this place. At first I was sort of skeptic about the place from the looks of it. But when I went in , it was awesome like a Mexican getaway. I was immediately recognized and greeted by my waitress. She also immediately got my son a high chair and we were given hot tortilla chips and good spicy salsa. I was really impressed. Very baby Friendly!`The waitress even made suggestions for my baby son and she was just so attentive. I enjoyed myself a lot`!! I ordered the quesadillas, my son had a fajitta taco. I also had a nice and delicious Patron Margarita. It was just like sunshine and breezy rain mixed together. Oh it was just so good. I enjoyed myself, the music, the food, and the hospitality. I will be back especially since Happy Hour is 2-7 pm!Great food and great prices. I got the taco salad off the lunch menu for $10.00. So good!! Chips and salsa were complimentary! Great eating in the east.Hands down, the best refried beans in New Orleans. I always get a double order with chips. Very authentic Mexican cuisine. The $3 margaritas during happy hour are worth the visit!After two visits, I'm thinking this is quite possibly the most authentic Mexican restaurant in GNO.  If it's chic NOLA vibe you're after, this isn't the place for you.  However, if you're in the mood for authentic Mexican fare, the best (and biggest) shrimp fajitas, tamales, flautas, fresh seafood, great chips & salsa, good margaritas and fantastic service at fair prices, you can't do better than BG, so take the 15 minute drive east on I-10 and try it out!  Verdad!