Simply fantastic. What a nice surprise I had with my experience here with a visiting friend. We actually intended to eat at another location but that restaurant was booked. The bistro was also booked but had two seats at the bar. I am so glad we chose to eat there. My friend and I both had fish. We each had a different type of fish. The service was very friendly and prompt. Most of all the dinner was spectacularly prepared and delicious. I live in the Bywater and I am so glad this great restaurant is located so close to me. I am imagine I will be a regular here.This place is amazing. The service is perfect and the food is to die for. For cocktails, I recommend the Take Flight and for food, you can't go wrong with ANYTHING. The tuna toast as an app is impeccable. I could not recommend this place higher!They've been open for 10 days and honestly one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. The duck was the best I've ever had. Larry and Nina are the best of the best. The only issue I have is how hard it's going to be to get a reservation here...DELICIOUS Yellow Fin Tuna Steak! The flavors complement each other so well; it's an orchestra in your mouth! CANNOT STOP THINKING ABOUT IT!! 
The service is impeccable. 
We also shared the Tuna Toast, which was smaller than I imagined, but delicate and delicious. The crab fat rice was a tasty side dish along with the Yellowfin. The foie torchon was exactly how I imagined it; heavenly. My favorite cocktail was the Champagne Cocktail (their version of the French 75). The decor inside is great. It has a cozy, yet clean & modern NOLA vibe. Plenty of parking too! 
We got the rice pudding for dessert. I'm still not convinced on this one. I feel like it's missing something; maybe citrus? The "puffs" on top just tasted like stale Kashi cereal tossed on top. 
Considering how amazing everything else was, I've forgiven the dessert. 
I will DEFINITELY return :)Great atmosphere. Fun staff. Food was inspiring and memorable - start to finish. Server Lally was the best. Worth the trip from the typical, boring, average French Quarter haunts. Cory in the kitchen made fantastic appetizers for our chefs table.We had a phenomenal dinner with delicious food, excellent service and fabulous atmosphere. Our waiter from Colombia was the best!!!Had a great experience even on the opening weekend - we were really excited to benefit from a last minute cancellation. Everything we had was very good, but we particularly loved the foie torchon, boudin, rabbit curry, charred okra and a garlic and pork belly double ravioli special that was absolutely fantastic. Wish they'd add that one permanently to the menu! Really charming service. Can't wait to go back.Try everything! Everything on the menu has incredible flavor and is cooked to perfection. It was four of us for dinner so we could have a taste of several dishes but once we did none of us wanted to share! The pork belly, rabbit curry, and duck breast were divine. The farro risotto was fragrant and full of flavor. You absolutely have to try the jerk chicken rice. The butter beans are delicious and the spice is an incredible pop of flavor. 
The cocktails are impressive. We tried quite and few and the BABs sour was our favorite. Spend time perusing the wine list. It's eclectic and you're guaranteed to find something that will delight you. 
Make a reservation! It's cozy and gets quite busy during peak times but totally worth the wait! Enjoy!Hands down the BEST restaurant in the bywater. I came in close to closing and was seated promptly by the hostess. Rick behind the bar was friendly and knowledgeable. I had the fried oysters and the country pate. Both were superb. Great attention to detail and the staff were amazing. Ill be back!Loved it! In town from Denver to visit family, they wanted to try this place out. Interesting and fun wine list, drinks from the bar were spot on. Agnolotti was my favorite, although the spaghetti and oysters got rave reviews at my table as well. I travel a lot and get to check out lots of "it" restaurants, and I'm always looking for that one bite that surprises me...the Agnolotti did it!We were a party of six and given the sweet alcove that helped make our conversations easier!  The waitperson was fabulous - helpful, informative and relaxed.
For the most part we all enjoyed our dishes - very creative kitchen.  The Tuna toast, crab dip and pate were great. Entrees were good not great. We did all think the dishes were a bit over salted.  Only real complaint were the desserts - excessive creativity - they were just too odd and not satisfying.   All in all a good experience.Judging from Larry's Instagram, he reads these reviews intently- hi Larry! Anyway, I can't say enough good things about the Bywater American Bistro and the team that Nina Compton has assembled. 
For appetizers, my partner and I got the crab fat rice bowl, and the little gem lettuce salad with whipped avocado butter and herbs. Both were unbelievable, and somewhat magical. The whipped avocado butter gave the salad a somewhat buttery and creamy taste, and the crab fat rice was so smooth and indulgent but the apple made it sharp. Beautiful! 
For entrees, I got the steamed red snapper with broccoli rabe with crystal hollandaise. It felt like a welcome twist on any entree you could find at a Clancy's, Antoine's, etc. My partner got the rabbit curry with jasmine rice, which was wonderful, but I think he was rethinking his choice because of how similar the dish was to a dish at Compere Lapin. The only downside of the night that wasn't even a downside. 
DESSERT!!! The dessert was ridiculous. RIDICULOUS. Nutella flan with lime and some kind of spicy seasoning. Flan is always tricky, but this was unbelievable. Again, magic. You take one bite, and the flavors almost scientifically unfold in your mouth. First, you taste the sharp lime zest, and then once that calms down in your mouth, you taste the creamy Nutella flan. Third, you taste the spices which almost tickle your throat with their heat. Not exaggerating, I don't think I've ever had that sensational of experience with dessert. 
Space is beautiful, server was very attentive, drink selection was varied and interesting (I choke ordered a dark beer even though I am strictly a light beer gal, but it was delicious). Couldn't recommend this place enough.The service comes to mind first... it was excellent. The server was very responsive without being intrusive.
We had the little gem salad (OK), boudin (good), mint risotto (excellent), and duck entree (excellent). Overall really good food, and even better service.I came to BABs with high expectations after many wonderful meals at Compere Lapin. We booked our Easter dinner, and looked forward to Nina Compton's newest offering. The food for the most part lived up to it, but I definitely had an off experience in terms of staff and overall vibe. A lot of this was due to a really off putting experience on entering the restaurant....or at least trying to and our first five minutes there.
When we walked up the ramp to the door, there was a group of four patrons, who were apparently part of a larger party, who simply could not decide where they wanted to wait for the rest of their party. So, naturally, they decided that blocking the doorway and walking in and out of it for a solid three minutes, completely ignoring that my party and another party behind us were trying to enter the restaurant. Obviously, not the fault of BABs, but already had me in a "are you kidding?" mode. Finally getting past them we reached the host, who was on the phone and proceeded to make no eye contact and completely ignore the fact that we were standing there. After a couple of minutes, a server seeing what was transpiring actually came over and apologized, saying that she would seat us, but the host "might have a plan". When the host finally got off the phone, we got no greeting or even acknowledgement, he turned to the server, pointed to a table on the seating chart and and looked straight back down at what was in front of him.
Now, this was an early reservation, and there were only a few tables seated in the restaurant, but we were led to a two top against the bar/dining room divider that was separated from one of the few occupied tables in the restaurant by about six inches. I asked for another table next to the window, of which there were a number unoccupied. No, sorry, the host has a plan. Watching the host for a while, he would grab Nina out of the kitchen to greet certain guests on arrival, while others were treated in the manner we were. I was ready to leave, but my wife talked me into staying. While the host situation left much to be desired, our waitress was attentive, knowledgeable and professional, and made some great suggestions for wine along the way.
The food for the most part was excellent. The hogs head boudin was solid, if unspectacular. The little gems with whipped avocado butter was delicious and inventive, and had fantastic and unexpected textures for a salad course. I was hesitant to order it, but am very glad I did. We also ordered some bread and butter to go along with the apps, which was a very nice rustic grilled thick cut. While many balk and complain about paying for bread and butter, when it is of this quality, there should be no complaint.
For entrees we had the duck and curried rabbit. While paired duck and cabbage has been on the rise the last few years, I have come across few that were done as well as BABs'. The duck was perfectly cooked, with the briney cabbage perfectly offsetting the richness of the duck. However, while the duck was excellent, the rabbit curry was absolutely spectacular. It was fresh and lively, while still allowing the flavor of the rabbit to come through rather than overpowering it.
We opted to go elsewhere for dessert, but what we saw did look impressive.
Would I go back? Maybe. I am willing to chalk some of what happened up to a single obnoxious party, a holiday, opening stutters and a host having a bad night. But the disparity in the way guests were treated was truly off putting. For a restaurant that is trying to tout itself as a friendly, neighborhood place you can go a couple of nights a week, it just doesn't sit well.I want to give this place a little more than 3, let's say 3.75. We were welcomed nicely and really enjoyed the service. We felt well attended to. We ordered the tuna toast, the smoked ricotta agnolotti , and the snapper with Hollandaise sauce. We liked our food fine enough, tuna toast and the pasta dish were highlights. The fish was drowned in the Hollandaise, but the dish was tasty once the sauce was pushed aside. The decor was boring and  made us feel we could be anywhere. We like a little more local ambiance. Overall a decent meal,but nothing to shout out about.WOO HOO! Wow! What an amazing experience.....
Most people, myself included, would be worried about dining at a new restaurant that had only been opened barely a week. Especially, when you're taking your passive/aggressive 80 year old foodie mother.... What can I say? I'm a glutton for punishment!
But, I chose to take my parents when they were in town to Bywater American Bistro because it was brand new and I knew it could be a great experience. And, you know what? IT WAS!
Food, ambiance, service... All TOP NOTCH! An absolute great experience. Everything was amazing.
Even had the pleasure of meeting Chef Nina Compton's husband who stopped by the table to see how things were. The rabbit curry? ERMAHGERD!
Thank you, Bywater American Bistro for an amazing meal and evening.Such a great spot for brunch, dinner and cocktails. Today I tried the brunch - pictured is the breakfast corndog and BAB mimosa  ... everything was so ridiculously delicious! I also tried the spicy breakfast sausage biscuit and smoked brisket and soft scramble. I'll be coming back for more! ‍Food was amazing!  The blue crab dip and steamed snapper are off the charts!  Found a great wine as well, plus outstanding service.  I'll be back.Came here while visiting from out of town and wow this place is amazing! Sat at the bar and had food and cocktails. The smoked ricotta agnolotti is unreal, highlight of our meal. Service was great, overall highly recommend BAB while in town. Easily the best meal we've had in town.Was here for dinner last night . Food and service were excellent !! Lally our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list. 
Being a chef myself, I do like the open kitchen concept . I noticed no wearing of gloves . I also observed the garde manger chef wiping his hands on apron and towel hanging from his apron. I also observed him put something  on a plate, grabbed from the same container , put the item in his mouth and then reached back in the container for more to plate up with that same hand/ fingers. Please address this matter... and thanks for a greThis funky bistro was definitely a standout... and still drooling about this meal. Everything was perfectly paired and the flavor combos were incredibly unique. And, if you knock over a glass of wine, they will replace it! 
You need all of these:
1. Apps: Hogs Head Boudin/ Dijon/ Frisée + Country Pâté 
2. Drinks: Take Flight (table favorite) + BAB Sour 
3. Small Plates: Jerk Chicken Rice/ Butter Beans/ Crispy Habanero + Farro Risotto/ Maitake Mushroom/ Minted Bread Crumbs  
4. Dinner: Pork Belly/ Juniper/ Apples/ Wild Rice + Roasted Cabbage (table favorite)
5. Dessert: Rice pudding (you maybe don't need this, but the wooden spoons are handmade in Tahiti or something... so super fancy-ass spoons)Opening weekend service was relaxed, friendly, and better than places open for years! Congrats on that. Food was delicious and beautiful. The duck smells so amazing when it arrives at your table; I took half a minute enjoying the aromas. 
Nitpicking: I'm not sure why they kept pouring bottled water out of single serve bottles though, if people go through the first one quickly switch to the litre bottles, easy no-brainer fix. Also it's kind of weird to list a Beaujolais as from a specific Cru village of it's not a Beaujolais Cru. But the list is still being hashed out so this is easily an oversight.
Again food was the star: appetizers were enticing to the eye, nose, and palate. The pastas were sumptuous and decadent. Entrees were hearty, creative, and delicious too the last bite. Dessert was a savory rice pudding with lots of creaminess and bursts of sweetness worked into layers of texture, yum!
Food: A+
Service: A-
Wine: B
Cocktails: A
Ambiance & Decor: AVery happy with Nina Compton's newest restaurant! She and her husband have clearly poured their heart and soul into this spot--energetic ambiance, eclectic (and tasty!) menu, and great service. Must try the crab dip and the charred okra!Talk about exceeding expectations! Nina & Larry & company have gone above and beyond with BAB. From the service to the cocktails to the food, everything is at once innovative and fits perfectly in its place. The one downside of Compere Lapin that I have always found is the noise levels and BAB has found the perfect blend of energy and ambiance.
Our server Molly was friendly, knowledgeable and professional and really made our evening lovely (and was SO accommodating of dietary restrictions!).
The cocktail options were beautifully crafted and absolutely delicious (and the wine & beer lists were well-curated). 
We tried a few charcuterie (the Foie Torchon might have been the best I tasted that evening) and appetizers. My pork belly, though fatty, was flavorful and never felt heavy. We couldn't resist and had to order all 3 dessert options, all of which were excellent. The riff on strawberries & cream was a perfectly refreshing ending for me. A warning on the nutella option though - major spicy heat! 
If I still lived in the Rice Mill, I know exactly where my paychecks would be headed... Still, I cannot wait for a return meal!We really had a good time at Bywater!!  Food was excellent.  I take a star away only because they serve their mimosas in old school champagne glasses (not a flute) and the ratio of OJ to champagne is HIGHLY skewered towards OJ. Technically it's a 4.75 restaurant.  Everyone was totally lovely.   Will be back!!This restaurant was amazing. The host was very kind, bartenders great, server, Angie, was awesome and the food and cocktails were delicious. Oh, and the restaurant is beautiful. Definitely will go backGreat food, beautiful restaurant with an open kitchen. Servers were kind and attentive. Menu options are varied. Highly recommend.The ambience of Bywater Bistro was lovely, particularly with all the Michalopoulos paintings on the walls. The food was very avant-garde but interesting and the presentations were fun. We started out with cocktails- I had the Wanderlust which was delicious and refreshing, then pumpkin soup which was extremely spicy but had sherbet on top to cool the palate.  I never would have the paired the two, but it was interesting.  The poached red snapper was very fresh and moist but I didn't really like the whipped hollandaise on top-- I guess I'm just used to richer sauces.  The desserts were my favorite even though they were quirky and different and not that sweet.  We had the rice pudding, crepe brûlée and something chocolatey.  Everything was good about the restaurant except our waitress and it was just directed at me.  Something upset her and from then on, she literally ignored me. It was pretty bizarre, very rude and definitely took away from the overall enjoyment of the restaurant.Favourite spot!   Never disappoints!   The food is delicious-- wonderful portions, refreshing menu, quality ingredients, unique flavors.. The drinks are top notch-- seasonally crafted, beautifully presented, excellent wine selections, fun and creative.. The location is exquisite-- breathtaking building, easy and safe parking, hip decor, lovely tableware, excellent music.. The service is impeccable-- friendly staff, accommodating and professional, prompt service, hospitable and welcoming.. and they're all super great looking!  Best place to come with any kind of person or even solo, you will feel right at home, wherever you are from!Total unexpected treat! By American they mean almost everything your expected 'american bistro' fare is not! My wife and I had two dishes both asian influenced rice porridge and crispy rice with Maitake.....both stellar, really exploring what good american food can consist of! Excellent service.... to booth, i had come from a long walk exploring NO and had my thermos coffee cup with me , proceeded to forget it , realizing this 2 days later I called them and they said, yup its waiting here at the host stand for you....super sweet- go there!Fantastic. Curried rabbit, steamed snapper, duck breast, jerk chicken rice, all the sides. Great atmosphere off the beaten path. Make a reservation - space is rather small and not very accommodating to the 'drop in'. Pricing is amazing for the quality of the fare. Not your traditional New Orleans tourist menu. Rustic, comforting, delicious food. Put this one on your list to try!LOVE Nina and Compere Lapin, but do not go to BAB expecting the same experience. 
My girlfriend and I came here tonight for our 2 year anniversary partly because we love Nina and have had multiple great experiences at her Compere Lapin restaurant. 
Food: Mediocre. We shared the Farro Risotto. Heavy handed with the salt is the easiest way to describe this dish. Otherwise, ok.
She had the Yellow Fin Tuna Steak, which was very good, BUT...if you look at the online menu, Red Snapper is listed as an option, but it was not printed on our menu. Our waiter never mentioned it, but after we had ordered we overheard another waitress mention it as still available to her table. This would have been selected had we known. I had the Duck....and sent it back after it arrived at my table gray and overcooked. I confirmed with the waiter that it should be medium rare and not well done. I could not eat it. The waiter was apologetic and took back the dish and remade it without hesitation (this is only the 2nd time in my adult life I have sent back food at a restaurant). The second offering I received was much better, but still not even close to what I would expect from a Nina Compton restaurant. 
Service: Terrible. Our waiter was fine enough, but not hearing about the Snapper was disappointing. The gentleman who was delivering our starter stayed at our table long enough to drop the plate, state the name, and walk away. Nothing more. Very cold. The young lady who delivered our entrees was kind, but after she dropped off my 2nd Duck entree, she returned to ask, "was it worth waiting again for?" which I found incredibly rude and unprofessional.
Overall I was disappointed perhaps because I had built up the expectations to be much bigger than I should have. However, either Nina's expectations are slipping or her staff is betraying and misrepresenting her. However, if I am to pay almost the same price point as a downtown restaurant, I expect the same quality food and definitely expect the same quality service. We will continue to patron Compere Lapin on occasion but will hesitate to ever go back to BAB unless there are major improvements to the service.Took my mom here for her birthday and it was perfect!  Food was so interesting and delicious.  Would recommend that risotto for sure!Really enjoyed the focused wine list, apps, gem salad, crispy okra side (great sauce underneath). After that we shared the red snapper main which was served perfectly, but not seasoned as dynamically as all our other choices. Too bad they didn't have a savoury chocolate option for dessert in a addition to the cheese plate. That would have been a nice choice. Lovely decor and art direction in the space. Good lighting, furniture and artwork. The large, wrapping bar makes dropping in w/o a reservation easy for a duo during off hours.We combined our visit to BAB with a lovely walk along Crescent Park. My friend and I were both really pleased with the food. We ordered the chicken liver mousse, the tuna toast, rice porridge with pickled shrimp, and crispy rice with maitake. My friend raved about the chicken liver mousse, and the tuna was smoky, fresh, and soft all at once. The rice porridge had just the right level of vinegariness. The only dish that fell a bit flat was the crispy rice. It was overly oily and under-seasoned. 
Overall, the dishes here are creative, made with high-quality ingredients, and very reasonably priced. I'll definitely return.Had dinner there last Saturday night. We sat at the bar which to my surprise was quite pleasant. The soup, fish, vegetables, and desert were all excellent. Service was excellent. We felt relaxed throuout the entire experience. Of course we each had a bottle of wine which helped with that.
I am returning this Saturday for my "buddy"  Carl's birthday
Our server was very good, but no server there beats Carlos.
Only disappointment was no nut liquors. Come on, in a gay neighborhood.Amazing meal. Great service. We went for an early dinner right when they opened for dinner service. Totally a good move as it wasn't as crowded as I'm sure this hot spot gets. Cocktails were also excellent. Food was well portioned and delicious. Will be returning to explore the menu further.We went there with some friends. The food was alright but I felt like it was a tad expensive for what you got. It did take a good hour for our food to arrive. The waiter wasn't particularly attentive but the service wasn't bad per se. Basically it was ok.I'm a big fan of Chef Nina Compton and Larry Miller's Compére Lapin, so I'd been wanting to try their newer restaurant Bywater American Bistro since it opened. I was finally able to get there on a recent trip to NOLA, and the Uber ride from downtown was well worth it. Chef Nina sets the bar pretty high with her first restaurant, so I was expecting the food here, with Chef Levi Raines in the kitchen, would be very good, and it was indeed excellent. I also appreciated that the food here has a very different character from Compére, one that I would describe as more rustic and earthy. With the exception of the tuna toast, which was a total non-starter for me, everything I ordered was excellently prepared, delicious, and beautifully plated. I had the faro risotto and pumpkin soup for starters, and the mustard crusted mahi mahi as my main. The pumpkin soup, with a chilled dollop of buttermilk sorbet, was brilliant, with the sorbet providing a perfect cooling note to the peppery soup. The risotto was hearty with a wonderful mix of flavor profiles, as was the mahi mahi. Compére remains my favorite of the two, but I'll look forward to dining at Bywater and trying other items on their menu. Excellent food, an attentive staff, and nice ambience. A nice respite from the more heavily trafficked establishments downtown.Incredibly well executed menu. Every course was done to perfection. Energetic and welcoming atmosphere. Service was excellent.Went for brunch today, solid meal from start to finish. Shared the seared tuna, liver parfait and corn dog appetizers.  The tuna was beyond awesome. Liver parfait really good.  Corn dog was good but not as amazing as the other two. Brisket sandwich for entree.  Excellent.  Tried several cocktails. All excellent as well. Easy 5 star rating - ready to try dinner next.When I first walked in, the space felt much warmer and very inviting. The addition of banquettes likely contributed to the cozier vibe, and the open concept kitchen is gorgeous. I'm a big fan of eating at the bar and did so at the recommendation of their bar manager, Crystal. It's fun and interesting to see everything being prepared, and to watch the teamwork and camaraderie among the chefs and kitchen staff. That, and you get a bird's eye view of everything coming off the line, so we ended up ordering more items based on what we saw - after we ordered. 
We were greeted by a very friendly and welcoming host, and were seated immediately. Our server/bartender was Hunter - a very nice fella, and a great conversationalist, from NY. He was well versed in the menu and explained everything to the Nth degree. My dining companion asked him if he was also a chef - because she was so impressed that he knew such detail about each dish. And his service was impeccable - much like the food. 
It's brunch, so we started with a cocktail. Everything on the cocktail list sounded interesting and delicious, so it was a tough decision. My friend ordered the BAB Mimosa (passion fruit, vanilla, and bubbles). It was good but a bit on the sweet side for me, although she enjoyed it enough to have two. I had the "Wake Up." Jameson Caskmates IPA, Fernet, Branca Menta, Borghetti Coffee Liqueur, and Grapefruit Zest - because if I'm going to eat like a man, I guess I can start my morning with whiskey. It was pretty awesome and surprisingly refreshing. After that, I switched to a lovely French rose', at Hunter's recommendation. That, too, did not disappoint. 
At Crystal's recommendation, we ordered the chicken liver parfait. Yes, you read that right. Chicken liver parfait. I will eat anything with liver and I have to admit, I wondered how this would come together. It was beautifully presented with sweet fresh berries, and granola which created some awesome texture against the velvety smooth parfait, and fresh herbs. The dish was so deliciously rich and it all came together to offer some great, complex flavors, creating a most memorable experience. That parfait... I could eat it every single day. 
Chef Levi also sent out their mixed fruit. Usually, I find mixed fruit to be kinda boring and settle for eating it at home. Not this one! It has strawberries (green and red), grapefruit, blueberries, and celery. Yes, CELERY. And a berry compote (?) I believe. The celery gave it a bit of crunch and, while unusual, really helped to bring the dish together. My dining companion doesn't like celery, and she even loved this fruit salad. It was chilled, clean flavors, and refreshing. 
Then we went for the dirty farro, with Crystal hollandaise. Oh my goodness! This is the stuff dreams are made of! The farro - served hot and creamy, was oh so flavorful and rich. I'm told there is a little bit of chicken liver in there too - so that would make sense with how incredibly soft and creamy it really was. And the Crystal Hollandaise paired so well with this. It was rich, creamy, deliciousness. It was so good, I'm at a loss of words to properly describe it, that would do it the justice it deserves! Just get it! 
We then opted to share the brisket sandwich. I have to say, this is the PERFECT brunch item. Tender, smoky brisket, topped with a nice, crunchy slaw and a fried egg, served on brioche. The bread was so fresh and delicious. The brisket was cooked perfectly, and there are few things in life more satisfying that a broken egg yolk perfectly coating each bite of an amazing brisket. The smoky flavor, the rich egg yolk, and the tart, crispy slaw, made this sandwich one of the best I've had. There are a few brunch burgers/sandwiches that I enjoy in this town, that are my go-to's. This one has quickly made it to the top 3 must-have brunch sandwiches. 
Also, while sitting at the bar, I noticed corn dogs. I must have just drifted right past that on the menu, and I had to order it. It was made with breakfast sausage and the batter was like a whole wheat pancake batter, and some maple syrup for dipping. It was exactly as it sounds - and super delicious. This is your childhood wrapped in batter and sweetness - comfort food at it's finest. Great job on this one, Levi!
When we got there, I planned to try as much as I could, and that included dessert. Well, we were beyond stuffed. Stuffed with all that deliciousness and not a morsel of food was left on any of our plates. Speaking of plates - the dinnerware was beautiful as well. Each piece looked like hand tossed pottery and set the perfect backdrop to each dish, as they were presented. Each course was colorful and vibrant, and taste more surprising and delicious than they looked. 
Service by Hunter was top notch, and the occasional and ongoing conversations with Larry and Levi, were the icing on the proverbial cake. I've found my new spot in the Bywater, and I can't recommend it enough! Go there. Now!This place is amazing!  We moved into the neighborhood a year ago and this has become our go to dining place. Everything is delicious - the staff is amazing and I want so give a special thank you and shout out to Whit (hope I spelled her name correctly). We came in when I had made a wrong reservation during Jazz Fest and she saved our evening by just, well, making it happen. She was amazing. Everyone here is - and Crystal who served us at the bar was a joy! And the food is beyond delicious - thank you all at BABS.Best meal in New Orleans. More of a local vibe than the other spots we visited. I loved the fish we got as well as a jerk chicken rice dish. Great wine and drinks.Went here for brunch last weekend (mid April 2018). The space is little changed from when it was Mariza, and we had a nice time. 
The food is inventive and well prepared. My husband had the crispy rice with enoki mushrooms. Delicious. The combination of crisp and soft in the dish works really well. 
I had the brisket and the most perfectly scrambled eggs I've ever had in a restaurant.  Our friend had the full breakfast with the same eggs, boudin and baked beans. Also really nice.
Now the problem. It's expensive. And if you're charging me $16 for brisket and eggs (both cheap things) don't charge me another $5 for toast.  It just feels chintzy.  And 1/3 of my brisket was huge chunks of fat. While that makes the meat nice and tender and succulent, I couldn't eat it.
I think they need some time to get the rhythm of the service worked out (it was attentive but very slow despite not being crowded). But gotta work on that value for money part of the equation.Walked in on Sunday and was told by the host that they were all booked up and taking reservations only. I was ok with this but then the insult came after when I was told that we could sit at the bar but he said "I don't imagine that will be to your liking". Now I don't imagine that was intended to be a curt comment but that is how it came across, especially when it is freezing outside and I'm here to eat with my aunt and mother who are in there 70s. I understand that they were busy, but from this and the way the host looked at us I felt like we weren't "up to par" with the type of people they're looking to cater to. Just a little rude and no apologies were given or suggestions on whether or not there were any available reservation times. I was looking forward to trying this place with my family but now I feel a little differently based on this experience. Maybe a less busier time would be better and maybe the host was having a bad day, just sucks to have high expectations and then be talked to so arrogantly. Definitely seems like they are lacking in a little needed southern hospitality. Hope they improve on this but I'm still unsure of trying them again in the near future.So disappointing.  As a new spot in our own neighborhood, I truly wanted this place to be a hit.  But it is just not good - mediocre food and abysmal service, as others have noted.  I asked what the "dirty farro" dish was and the waiter had no idea.  My husband ordered iced coffee - no milk, no sweetener, no spoon.  Amateur hour.  We started with the tuna toast.  Nothing special - I've had similar in just about every sushi joint and many other carpaccio dishes are way better elsewhere.  The crispy rice was bland.  The mushrooms were sparse, the fresh peas (not indicated in the description) were overcooked, the rice cake flavorless.  A spicy sausage biscuit sandwich was dry and the flavor monotonous.  The brisket and eggs - well, the brisket take-out at Whole Foods is better.  No bread without a hefty additional charge.  No iced tea - period.  $85 for 3 people with no drinks.  Overpriced, over hyped.  I'll give it another chance but right now - meh.  We're fans of Compere Lapin but they have a long way to go!The cocktails are ah-maxing and the food is out of this world. I recommend quenching your thirst with the BAB Sour (if you like Gin with a refreshing garden twist of flavors). I'd accompany it with the little gem salad and the beet gazpacho. The farro risotto was out of this world! The flavors make it progressive yet the farro makes it a rustic... it's special. The pork belly was something to write home about (Dear Mom....). I would share as many dishes as possible to try ALL the things! You'll enjoy every bite as if you were at a Michelin star restaurant!These people know flavor and how to expertly layer multiple textures to get the perfect bite. We loved our meal as a table of four and the wait staff was very helpful with not on the menu but recommendations for our first time in the Bywater. Perfect spot for a special meal or a great cocktail at the bar spots.Way over air - conditioned, we were practically shivering by the end.
Food was generally delicious though. We had tomatillo gazpacho and pickled shrimp to start, both were bright, excellent. Then we had the jerk chicken rice and snapper curry rice which were also great, particularly the jerk chicken rice with the crunchy bits. Finally we had fried okra, smoked ricotta agnalotti, and the roasted chicken dish. These were probably our least favorite (and the ricotta was arguably over salted) but most of us still thought they were very tasty.
Bywater American Bistro is very promising!Really clear about which dishes could be tweaked to accommodate allergies and how. It was written down so FOH and BOH staff and customers could all be on the same page. 
Excellent flavors despite accommodations for food intolerances: bright, flavorful, good balance of spice, acid and heat. 
Beautiful space and not too loud (though we were early in evening so that might change at prime time). 
Great wine choices especially for the price.OMG! Have dined at Compare Lapin the last 3 years during the French Quarter Festival - the food is beyond Amazing! This restaurant is new to this team and we were blown away by the level of tasteful... The flavors are so unique!Food is stunning.  We are Portland snobs and were blown away by the quality of the food, the interesting textures and flavor combinations.  Portions were good for sharing but not enormous.  I thought a side of spaghetti was an odd choice but it was amazing.  Get the fish appetizers, chicken and bean rice, steamed snapper...just get all of it.  I'm an okra hater and this one i like.  Reasonably prices for outstanding food.This was very good, our best meal in New Orleans this trip and one of the best in all of our six trips here.  The Jerk Chicken was particularly good, spicy but not excessively hot.
Service was excellent, our only complaint would be that it's quite noisy.  Not an easy place to carry on a conversation.Went there last night after a meeting with some friends. Hostesses were lovely. That was the best part of the service experience. It went downhill from there. Our waitress was the worst and she didn't hide the fact that she really didn't care for us.we weren't loud or obnoxious. She was irritated that we didn't want the 200$ bottle of wine, never mind we bought 2 other bottles. Our food took forever and she has others serve it. The food was ok-just slightly over salted but will never go back from service standpointObviously we already know the food is great.
But y'all. The service we had today for Easter brunch was exceptional. Molly killed it!
We were a 5-top family (all of us in the industry) and we had the best time. Molly walked that impossibly fine line of anticipating our needs without being intrusive. 
She gave us excellent and friendly service, while we did all the annoying things. We split our check 5 ways; we drank too much (sorry, bottomless mimosas are $20); we asked her to take our picture. But Molly handled us with grace and experience and bad-assery. On Easter!!
You already know/assume that the food is on point. I'm here to tell you that the service equally exceeds expectations. 
Thanks Molly!I came here with high expectations given the reviews, but was quite disappointed after eating at Pêche the night before.
The host was awesome (5 stars)-super friendly, welcoming and had a great outfit. Our server (zero stars) unfortunately seemed like she hated us from the outset, until we realized she treated all her customers with the same disdain. Write it off to a bad night or the wrong line of work? Her negativity made it difficult to ask questions about the menu and awkward during all interactions. Several items on the menu were excellent (the agnolotti and the farro risotto). My mahi was sub par (I wished I hadn't ordered it once I tasted it-too bland) and the potato gratin was ok, but not stellar. It took forever for the 2nd course to come. Our neighboring guests even forgot what they had ordered! Another hostess offered them a complimentary dessert, but nothing to us. 
The decor and ambiance was pleasant, albeit freezing (enough to make our food cold instantaneously)!
Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant and certainly wouldn't return, especially given the bad vibe of the server.Great food and service. I started with the foie gras and had the pumpkin soup and the fish I think it was red Fish. With hollandaise sauce. Super yummy. I love to sit at the bar and this bar is really fun. The bartenders are super friendly and attentive. They will recommend or make something special for you. Also your watching the kitchen so that's fine if you're alone there's lots going on to keep you entertained. I did have conversations with people that were sitting around me at the bar and that made it even more fun I definitely will go back to this restaurant. Also I want to mention the hostess. She was Especially accommodating. I did not have a reservation and she actually had someone move over so that I could have a seat and it worked out great.Have been to Compere Lapin and didn't have the best experience. The food was less than memorable however we were keen to give it another go at the Bywater given all the great reviews and hype. 
We really wanted to like it but truly didn't. Three were glimpses of good food but everything was overseasoned and just too salty. There were four of us so we tried a good variety. The one dish I truly enjoyed similar to Compere Lapin was the boudin. 
Everything else was okay but no standouts. 
The space is great and service was good.Food was overall delicious.  The decor was industrial chic with exposed concrete walls and gorgeous lightning and paintings.  The only negative was the long wait between our appetizers and the second course.  40 minutes to be exact.  That delay dampened our enthusiasm to an otherwise perfect evening.Located in the beautiful, industrial-chic, hippie-district of Bywater lies this cute joint. The decor is interesting, if a little kitschy. The waitress and servers are EXCELLENT and wonderfully kind people, which made up for the fact that most of the food was a little out there for me. We had the crispy rice (which was interesting, but not my favorite), the breakfast corndogs (these were good - probably my favorite thing we had), a side of bacon (always delicious), and the Nutella flan (this was kind of a disappointment, as it focuses more on infusions of many different flavors than on perfecting the taste and quality of the flan - there were hints of orange, caramel, macadamia, bourbon, Nutella, chocolate, and then a very strong spicy chili taste... not my favorite). I don't think I would come again, which is such a shame because the people are fantastic. The food just... wasn't as wonderful.I really don't know what I can say here. Every time I go back the food just keeps getting better. The whole staff is so welcoming and wonderful. Highly recommended in so many ways. One of the best neighborhood places you can dine.Came here with a reservation for a Saturday  brunch with a friend. The reservation seemed unnecessary as there were only a few people there at 11:30, but I would make one in the future again just in case. 
Started with the BAB mimosa which is sparkling something, passion fruit, and vanilla. The taste was PERFECT. Passionfruit is my favorite additive to mimosas and I'm surprised I found it at a restaurant, let alone a Nina Compton joint. It's sweet but not unbearably so- the vanilla balanced everything out. 
For food, we had the chicken liver parfait which came with a few grains of granola, and all of the berries. We also asked to add some bread. The texture of the pate was sooo silky- it's whipped until it feels like nothing. I could've easily eaten two of these plates and I wish they would've upped the pate to berry ratio because I was constantly digging around them to get to the stuff underneath (the strawberries and pate were the best combo. I had to avoid the blueberries). 
I got the kimchi fried rice which came with some pickled veggies and a sunny side egg on top. My friend got the crispy rice with mushrooms and egg yolk jam. I love me some kimchi fried rice, but I didn't win the best dish competition at my table. I thought my rice would be spicier and bolder but the kimchi was very understated compared to other KFR I've had in New Orleans. The crispy rice, on the other hand, had all the right things. The mushroom and bits of crispy pancetta were heaven when you found them, and the different textures were a nice surprise. 
Service is great, space is beautiful, and the location is perfect because it's out of the way but not in the middle of nowhere. I would 100% go back to try the other menu items, just probably won't have the fried rice again.My husband and I ate here and were expecting more. I ordered the pork belly entree and made him switch with me as the pork was 90% fat and burnt. The kitchen actually smoked out as they were cooking; I should have known the meat would be burnt. I had his duck curry, which was decent but not my taste as I find curry spicy. I'm also not a fan of walnuts and the dish was covered in them. I would recommend the farro risotto, which we had as an appetizer and loved. The boudin was also decent, but a bit dry with not nearly enough mustard sauce. 
Our cocktails were decent for New Orleans; I had the Wanderlust and quite enjoyed its crispness. My husband had 3 different drinks and found them all less than extraordinary. 
Needless to say, we were not amazed by the dining experience and would not recommend to friends visiting NOLA with so many other fantastic culinary experiences available.Pretty good. The restaurant itself is cute and stylish. I had the Duck with butter beans that was delicious, but my friends Rabbit Curry was kinda bland and very unexciting.  Our potato gratin was amazing and the okra was very exciting and tasty!Another Gem from Chef Nina.  Great vibes as you walk in   Fun place to relax and enjoy your meal. 
We did the brunch on Saturday with friends and we stayed there for almost 3 hours, NOLA style. 
The bottomless mimosas are awesome. The avocado toast appetizer is perhaps the best in all of Nola. 
I enjoyed the Lamb neck sandwich with chips. My wife had the French toast, looks tastes amazing. 
Go and enjoy.I was very excited to try BAB since my husband and I are fans of Chef Nina ever since we saw her on Top Chef. We went for brunch and had the crispy rice, lamb neck shoulder, and smoked tuna toast. The bottomless mimosa was strong and the servers were definitely quick to top you off again. The crispy rice was our favorite dish. The bacon made the dish special. My husband enjoyed the lamb neck shoulder. Our server Alex was really great. 5 stars for service l.We had such an enjoyable experience! We were in town for Mardi Gras, and Bywater was a definite must on my to do list. From the time we walked in the door to the time we left, everyone was so friendly and helpful. It was just the 2 of us, but we ordered an array of items. We each had a cocktail (cannot recall names, but both were very tasty!). We started off with the Crispy Hogs Head Boudin and the Little Gem Salad. Yum!! Then we had the Ricotta Agnolotti, Jerk Chicken Rice, Rabbit Curry and Roasted Carrots. All were incredible, and I was really shocked by the preparation of the roasted carrots. The thin slivers of raw carrots was such a welcomed surprise! We had the Brown Butter Financier and the Spiced Nutella Flan. We liked the flan a bit more, but the ice cream on the financier was really good. We really enjoyed ourselves, and the only downfall is that we don't live in NOLA! Would highly recommend!This is my second time coming to bab and I'll keep on coming back. The cocktails, service, and the food is delicious. Last night I had the bread + butter and the fried oysters with rice paired with a wine the bartender recommended. The open kitchen and down to the bar area is nice. Both times, the restaurant was busy and the service was top notch. I'll be back to try out the rest of the menu.We haven't eaten meals at Bywater American Bistro...however on several occasions we've ordered dessert,  since we are in the neighborhood.  My daughter LOVES the homemade ice cream.   The last two times we ordered the rice pudding...it was AWFUL.  We ordered it twice thinking maybe the first time was just a mistake on how it tasted.  However, both times we threw it in the TRASH.  It was awful!!!! Whatever topping they put on the pudding was very BURNED and it made the entire pudding taste charred.  I called and said something about it to the manager.  He states that "he's sorry that we had that experience" and will make a note of it! WHAT THE F???  The ice cream is very good.  The first time we ordered it they put the meringue on bottom.  We didn't like that either....we order the neapolitan ice cream at least once a week.  It's really good, but without the dried meringue.  
Again, we haven't tried the food, but the friends in The Rice Mills, who have eaten there say it's okay., but that's an entirely diff story.  
Given the response of the manager, I probably would never eat a meal at this place.  It's a little pricey for the area!  There are other great places in the hood to eat i.e. N7, Elizabeth's, etc.... I wish it well but totally miss the Mariza and their great wood fired pizzas.  We dined at the Mariza at least once a week.
I cannot recommend this place based on my experience and the experience of my friends.  Do not go here with the expectations of a five star experience!Great spot; truly recommend!! The intimate, date-night vibe is well-crafted and the space was very welcoming. Service was 10/10, with great attention to detail. We tried the cheese plate, tuna toast, mushroom farro, and steamed red fish. It'll be hard to convince myself to order anything else on our next visit because all these items were incredibly yummy - especially the tuna toast. I had the BAB Sour and would definitely recommend as well. Can't wait to come back.Complete 5 stars!  Everything from the service to the phone to the bill was great!  Allison our server was AMAZING!  She was beyond friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.  I order a house white and she talked me into a better glass with her description of the wine.  She guided me fully through the menu and help me picked my food.  As I was not overly hungry, I got the little gem app and risotto.  The little gem is a type of salad which was generous and refreshing, a bit salty but otherwise great!  The risotto with mushroom was so good served hot and fresh!   Great vibe in the spot on the river and close to my house.  Was also great to hear the servers providing advice and suggestions to out-of-towners of things to do in the area.  Special kudos to Allison for really giving top notch service, I'll be asking for her next time!I was quite excited to come to bistro after all the hype- especially for Father's Day. So came here with wife and kids.  The food did t disappoint and either did the cocktails and wine.  I thought some of the dishes would benefit from less nuts especially hazelnut...(bib salad).  The snapper was exquisite.
What I was disappointed in was the service.  The waitress talked down to us and rushed us through the meal.  At one point taking away our plate before we were done-  forks were actually in hand.  I hate being patronized by a waiter or waitress.  I have to say a second different waitress came by with a recommended wine and she couldn't have been nicer.  The service put a disappointing flavor on the food.Great Delicious Food!   It was good.  it was original. And it wasn't an effort. 
The menu was a great selection of choices,  and not tourist fried/battered food.   
The pork belly was fantastic,   the steamed fish w/ holladaise was great!  the rabbit curry had good flavor but 7.5/10 execution. 
Atmosphere inside was nice and relaxed w/ great servers!
A little walk from frenchman street,   and the outside isn't very appealing (sanitary modern design).   but we don't eat that.This new culinary bistro in the ByWater is incredibly fresh with its amazing selection of inspired dishes with the perfectly paired seasonal herbs, veggies, fish, and meat selection. I had a hard time making a selection from the menu but had excellent suggestions from out bartender Crystal, who is also this hot spots bar manager. She has an amazing selection of cocktails to go with the incredible food menu. Everything smelled so delicious and what I had with the Tuna avocado toast to the jerk chicken rice was phenomenal! I will be back to try the duck entree and one of their desserts! (They all sounded fabulous, I cannot lie!)Probably one of the worst brunch experiences I have had in a while. The server had zero menu training from food to cocktails. We order the Foie brunch app and the dish was served without toast points so we asked, and the staff member stated that we could buy bread for $5. The second was when an after-brunch beverage was requested the staff member stated that they did not have it. I had already seen it behind the bar, so I turned and pointed to what I was requesting. Finally, to sum up the experience the manger maintained his post being the host desk on his cell phone without completing one table visit. I really wanted to enjoy this restaurant after hearing people talk.The restaurant lives up to the expectation and the hype. We came in from Austin for a birthday weekend and this meal was far and above the best of the 4 days. Each dish shows the dedication and passion from the kitchen. As well, the service was spot on in terms of speed and personality. 
While everyone in the group really enjoyed their first and second courses, there was one dish (mine) that left us awestruck. The ricotta agnolotti with peas and carrots is one of the top 5 dishes I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. The perfectly cooked pasta with the delicate herbs and vegetables is a masterclass in cooking. Thank you, Bywater American Bistro, for the amazing culinary experience.I booked the reservation online which was simple to do. Thought it would be busier since it was a Sunday brunch after New Years and the Saints were playing, but it was half full and we were seated right away to a nice big table in the corner by the large windows. The spot gave us a nice view of the entire restaurant which is quite large and the outside. The location in Bywater is off the beaten path and about a 20 minute Uber rider from just below Canal. It was totally worth the trip! My hubby & I started with the avocado toast and both had the Cajun breakfast. Both dishes were SUPERB! The waiter was personable, professional, and damn pretty to look at ;). The manager also stopped by to make sure we were enjoying ourselves which is always nice. Brunch was an excellent experience and I'm sure any meal here would not disappoint! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!We had the best meal at Bywater American Bistro. I was very excited to try this establishment and I wasn't disappointed. I tried the following from the menu and I highly recommend each!! 
1 Duck Breast with Butterbeans, Figs, Port Wine and Scallion
2 Pork Belly, Juniper with Apples and Wild Rice
3 Half Chicken, Little Gem Lettuce drizzled with Dijon Vinaigrette 
4 Steamed Red Snapper with Broccoli Rabe drizzled with Crystal Hollandaise
5  Ricotta Agnolotti with  Carrots,Peas and Soft Herbs
6 Fried Oyster with Jasmine rice
7Hamachi Tarta with Melon Kosho,Cucumber, Smoked Sword Belly topped with some Caviar
8 Rabbit Curry with Jasmine Rice Pecan and CilantroMy husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our scrumptious dinner here last Thursday. Everything was prepared to perfection. Service was impeccable, atmosphere cozy, relaxing, and lovely. This was by far the best dinner and dining experience we had in our 10 day vacation to New Orleans. In a city known for its many wonderful restaurants, this one is truly exceptional!