Nice little breakfast or brunch spot. Tried the creamed spinach and crawfish omelette and it was spot on. Just the right amount of richness. Order at the counter; cash only and self service beverages. They have a special Benedict menu ONLY available Sundays that looked great.This is my absolute favorite place to have breakfast it feels like an extension of my own kitchen the staff is friendly and the owners are hilarious best. Best down to Earth place to have Breakfast and lunch everWas in NOLA in April and October last year for music festivals and discovered this gem in one of the free newspapers. Hit it on our way east out of the city. Great food, great service and probably the most reasonable prices for cajun/creole food in NOLA. Got a crab po boy here the first time after getting a suspect catfish po boy from a booth at Jazz Fest. It was worth the wait and the drive.  My wife got the creamed spinach and shrimp omelette and loved it. We were there mid afternoon the first time and things were quiet, so Steve, the owner/chef joined us and shot the bull.  Cash only.I had the shrimp po boy, which was extremely tasty. I would recommend this sandwich. I got the smaller portion,  and it was filling. 
My husband got a pork and gravy sandwich that I can't recall the name of. It was also delicious,  but he was still jealous of my po boy. 
This atmosphere is friendly and comfortable. I would definitely give this place a try. 
Parking is limited, but there are spaces around the restaurant.Live nearby and was excited to try Cafe Gentilly. On my first visit, for po' boys, I was very disappointed. Came near the end of lunch rush (dining room was 75% full, but no one in line to order) and was surprised by the chilly reception by the person taking my order, and how little they knew about the very simple menu. The po' boys, fried shrimp and Cochon de Lait, were not good: soggy shrimp, tasteless pork. I'd like to say I'll give them another chance, possibly for breakfast, but that is unlikely.Really love the homie vibes this place gives. Large portions and just all around good simple breakfast! I do miss when they did Benedicts though! Have not have a bad experience here.We stumbled across this place after a swim meet. We were pleasantly surprised with the good and friendly smiles :) 
The crawfish Monica eggs Benedict was sooo good. We will definitely be back!SO GOOD! My fiancé and I went on a sunday morning after being too lazy to cook breakfast for ourselves. There was plenty of parking, it wasn't super busy, and we were greeted as soon as we walked in. I had been craving eggs benedict and was excited to see so many variations on their sunday brunch menu. I ordered the regular eggs benedict which comes on french bread instead of english muffins and let me tell you, it was so amazing. The eggs were perfectly poached, the ham was delicious, but the house made hollandaise sauce was incredible! The french bread was a perfectly toasted and delicious. I was definitely one of the best I've ever had! I ordered a side of grits and it was very tasty too. My fiancé ordered the morningstar breakfast special and said it was delicious. He also ordered a pancake on the side and it was perfectly cooked and very tasty. Service was fast and friendly and it was relatively inexpensive. We will definitely be coming back here!Wonderful homey atmosphere & great breakfast! The Breakfast Special was exactly what I need from any breakfast menu. The staff was friendly as well. I'll certainly be back!This place is great, definitely the best food option in the area (Gentilly is thin on food options :/). I wish it was open all day, I'd go there much more often.The Food is simply delicious!!
My wife & I found Cafe Gentilly on Yelp. We were not sure when we pulled up but decided to give it a try. Glad we did.The hash browns are nice and crispy!  This is a must come to place for a delicious breakfast at a great price.  The people that work here are very nice.  I wanted to try the crab cake Benedict but that is only on the weekends.  Love this restaurant!Breakfast was great! Owner was very entertaining with conversation. Don't judge place by looks if you are looking for good food and refreshing customer service! Had breakfast they threw in French toast for free that was one of the best dishes I've ever had!!Always in this spot for breakfast. I often get the shrimp and hash with egg scramble. Old fashioned mom and pop restaurant in Gentilly.  The food is pretty good here.Did not disappoint! First off the welcoming feeling these people gave us when entering was so wonderful. The restaurant was very clean and organized. We ordered within 5 mins and we're eating shortly after. Each meal was delicious and exactly how we ordered. The sweet tea was great! Will recommend!Great local dining with personal flare. Best roast beef poboy in da city. The staff is wonderful from counter service ordering to the prompt delivery of a superb New Orleans dining experience.Great breakfast and very friendly service. We went there 2 mornings in a row on our weekend trip to New Orleans. The owner is a very nice guy and we talked for a good while.This was a delightful dining experience! The food was good and the service was impeccable. The owner was so friendly. I would strongly recommend this place for breakfast if you want to experience genuine southern hospitalityWe had breakfast here twice in three days in New Orleans.  The staff is great and the food is better. I recommend an omelette or a Benedict but I really don't see how you could go wrong at breakfast time here.dear steve
great place
 affordable
great art
 good company
simple and nourishing
 and very gentilly.Cash only despite the fact that the printed menus say they take credit cards. But the service was good, and the BLT was delicious! I love me a really good BLT. Atmosphere is what you would expect from a small neighborhood lunch counter.Me and my family came here for breakfast while visiting New Orleans and we enjoyed our food and our service. Brenda and Steve were awesome!  It's a small intimate setting not a place for a large group.The folks were hospitable and the food was tasty and filling....I can't wait to go back on my next visit to NO...Food was amazing, we had the veggie omelette and breakfast po'boy. But more importantly, this place is southern hospitality at its finest. The staff is so friendly, the cafe itself is adorable. We were just visiting, but this was our last meal in NOLA and it made a great final impression.Drove all the way from Massachusetts, and this is the first place we stopped for breakfast. The food was delicious, everything exactly the way we ordered it and it was super cheap. If you're looking for a hearty delicious home cooked breakfast this is the place to go!Great food in cozy atmosphere. Breakfast items like  omlets, and lunch items including lots of po'boys were looking good. Everything was made fresh. The restaurant was very clean. Steve, the owner sat with us and shared some great conversation. He made the food a little more special for us by adding extra ingredients. We are definately coming back.I went here because I was starving this morning and was in the area. This is a small, unassuming, and laid back place with tons of character and really cool 'pan art' (painted frying pans) on the walls. 
I recommend the eggs benedict, they really do this classic justice and I love that they serve it on french bread. The eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise was on point, the dish was exactly what I think of when I think of eggs benedict (except the french bread, but like I said, I liked that twist). 
I have been to restaurants that charge a lot more and purport to be higher caliber that have disappointed me with their eggs benedict. This place is about going back to the basics but sometimes adding a little New Orleans twist (like substituting the french bread). That makes for some awesome and authentic cooking. 
Overall, I enjoyed everything about eating here from the food to the friendly service. This is a great place for breakfast freaks (like myself) to catch breakfast any time of the day. I will definitely be back and I recommend checking them out next time you are in Gentilly!!!First time at this restaurant and I was very happy! Everyone was so friendly and helpful. The food was good, and the chef came to the table to introduce himself.Visited NOLA for a wedding. Went here for breakfast first day of trip. Enjoyed it so much, came back the second day. Food was great. Staff very helpful, freindly & attentive. Very pleasant experience. Especially liked the chili. Also liked that I could find a place to park.Came down for a bachelor party and needed a late breakfast. Typical diner look I got a western omelette and coffee. Both were very good. The owner who also does the cooking was very nice and friendly. I would deffinetly recommend this place5 stars for excellent, friendly and fast service. The food was good and so was the music. It was fairly warm in there, but not enough to make you uncomfortable, it was just something I noticed. Will definitely be back!The food was absolutely amazing! At first I was a bit bothered about the wait time, but since the food is made fresh for the most part (I am sure the grits are cooked in larger portions), I was ok with waiting. I had the shrimp omelette with tomatoes and mushrooms! Absolutely would have it again....worth going to!!!!!!Went at 11:30am on a Sunday, already knew what I wanted from looking at the menu on Yelp. Despite being posted nowhere, the lady at the register informs me that they are only serving breakfast (a Sunday thing I suppose). Strike one. Cannot get what I want from the menu. No worries, will roll with the punches and find something else. Cajun benedict for me and the breakfast special for my friend, two drinks. $19.25. Hand my credit card over....cash only (at least it was posted). Strike two. I have no cash, in December of 2016. Foolish me. My friend pays. It then took 25 minutes to deliver an order consisting of eggs, grits that are already prepared, toast, bacon, a Benedict topping that is also pre-prepared. By the time we received our food there was nowhere to sit and had to repackage the order to go. They did not bother to make unsweet tea, I'm sure the 50 cent bag of tea is too much of a hit on the bottom line to risk waisting a batch of tea on a Sunday. There were no tips or straws for the cups, and no milk for coffee (since I had no other option but to order breakfast) Strike three, four and five. You're out. The food itself did little to overcome the immense inconvenience of including this establishment as part of my day and life. This was my 3rd and final visit. There is a professional establishment located just next door called Fiorellos, that while closed on Sunday, is quick, accepts modern methods of payment, and offers tasty food. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.We came here on the recommendation of the hotel we stayed at and were pleasantly surprised! Breakfast was amazing, the customer service was fabulous, and we left there full and ready to go back. Our two boys loved it as well! The owner even let us try some of the pain perdou after we ate because I asked what it was!Nice cafe with a homey feel too it! You can tell they cook with love and you can't beat the prices! Loved itThis place is a real hole in the wall gem, my friends and I came here after a big night out and safe to say weren't disappointed! 
Great service great people great food, you couldn't ask for much moreAmazing food--probably the best eggs benedict I've ever eaten--but excruciatingly slow service. Took 1 hour 15 mins to get 1 plate.Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! Steve and Ms. B are two of the nicest folks you'll ever meet! Food is always good, regardless of what you get (breakfast or lunch.) One of my favorites is the Breakfast Po'Boy. Before I found this place, I had been looking everywhere for a breakfast po'boy. French bread is always fresh and soft. Fried fish plates and po'boys are great too! Not fried too hard...just right! They look out for students and musicians! Great place, great people!My wife and I both did special orders. Excellent service and food! I had grilled boudin poboy and added crawdads. Jen had them make a pain perdu ham and Swiss sandwich, twice!If you like to sit around waiting for you food for an hour while multiple parties that ordered after you get their food (and eat it and leave), then this is the place for you. 
Couldn't tell you anything about the food--still waiting on it, and am questioning if it will ever come.
They are cash only, even though the back of their menus list 4 different credit cards that they accept.Love the fried fish and white spaghetti. Nice family atmosphere. Great place for great people.Food is good. We only had breakfast here. Service is super friendly. Could use a lil sprucing up but it's not really a big deal, as long as the food is good and plenty. Looking forward to Sunday brunch. Be sure to taste the food before you season it. They already have a good amount of flavor to it. We will be back!Great lunch spot. Good salads, sandwiches, and hot plates. Very welcoming establishment, and the owner is on site.Nice people, good food. Simple and laid back atmosphere. The red beans, they're great and students get free drinks. Nothing too fancy or overpriced.Great little place, delicious breakfast at lunch time. Pleasant environment and conversation. Excellent service and attention. I will definitely be back when in the New Orleans area. Thank you for the top notch start of our day.This place is incredibly cheap and a decent breakfast. The bacon and French toast were very good, but the hash browns and milk were tasteless and lacking seasoning. Overall, this is a great bang for your buck.
:
:
For other local food recs, check out my Instagram @bukuLocalImagine if you had a grandma in New Orleans and she cooked a bada**, homestyle breakfast for you on a Saturday morning - that's Cafe Gentilly! My friends and I had an amazing, won't-break-the-bank breakfast here after a night on Bourbon street.  One little detail that always puts a breakfast place over the top for me is... if the toast on my plate is already buttered! That's a win for me from Cafe Gentilly!
Tips:
- Cash only
- Talk to the locals eating breakfast, you might just make a friend :)Very poor service here, I would only tell someone to go here if I didn't like them. I refused to give my money to people who were as nasty as the people who work at this place. To this day, I'm glad I didn't spend my money here.Warning: CASH ONLY!
Second warning: bring your appetite, you get a full plate! Nothing here is complicated or "fusion," just an excellent little cafe with a local owner who knows the history of his town and delicious food.Local, delicious, inexpensive, friendly. This place was shown closed in Yelp while it's not. I ate here for 3 times and had omelette and benedict. Strong recommendation for everyone, no matter you are local people or tourists like me.Great honest food. 
I tried the creamed spinach omelet with crawfish and a cup of chili, both were excellent. 
I would definitely come back!Thank you Miss Bea for the delicious birthday lunch for my Mom's 90th Birthday!   She loved it! You made her dayNice, friendly, neighborhood café. I had a simple BLT which was made perfectly and my girlfriend had a poached eggs dish with creamed spinach and hollandaise over French bread which was insanely delicious. Got more than I expected and will definitely be back.Great family, great food!! Was looking for somewhere in the neighborhood and found them and they were excellent and delicious!Yeah, I enjoy eating here,  Miss B and the other staff are wonderful.  And Steve, the owner, is extremely hospitable.  I usually have breakfast which is excellent each time, they usually service me personally because of my disability, like filling up my coffee cup, and bringing breakfast to my table.  I've also eaten their fried fish on Friday, excellent!  Yes, I recommend them.I felt welcomed and was greeted as soon as I hit the door! The food was delicious and cheap!! Cash only though. I will definitely be back .We met Esteban and he was nice and friendly with us. He recommended us the creamed spinach and the shrimp omelette and I can say they are best I have ever had! 
Stop by this place and enjoy a nice and tasty breakfast!As far as the location I give a 2 it was easy to find 
The service I give a 1 not that friendly
Price I give a 4 very affordable 
Food I give a 3 now dont get me wrong the food was good just lacking options for example only 2 meat options bacon r sausage link my hubby like patties but it wasnt an option 
Sooooooooo... Overall i give a 3It's NOT closed!!!!! I go there once a week. Miss Bea's daily hot lunches are awesome!    The Western omelet is also delicious.The French toast is to die for! Wonderful place. Owner was sitting at a table welcoming everyone. Very friendly place!i get the breakfast poboy, they have the lightest best tasting french bread and basically put an omelette in it. its fantastic, i get one every morning im in the area. its fast and frugal!Great find!! Cute, very inexpensive, and hits the spot.  They have breakfast items to fit any need- pancakes, grits, pain perdou, omelettes. They also have poboys  and hamburgers! I tried breakfast and was very satisfied! The food came out quickly and the owners were very nice!WHAT A GEM!!! Just moved here and it's walking distance from my house so that's a major plus. 
The food is amazing and the service is outstanding. I can't wait to go back.This place should get a 5 star rating simply for the biscuits! $4.99 for a breakfast special? Awesomeee! I ordered three eggs, hash browns, and two biscuits. (I made substitutions because i don't eat meat) The biscuits themselves are what took me over the hill with this one. Community Coffee here. :) Such a friendly environment, I was greeted with great conversation by sone of the regulars. Looks like I've found a hidden gem. I'll certainly be back again soon! Highly recommend this spot for breakfast!Amazing service, even better brunch! Something for everyone and it's affordable. I got the breakfast PoBoy and it was perfect.I have been here on several occasions. The owner is usually the one working the cash register if he is not cooking. At this time, they are not accepting credit cards. The owner has stated there must be paperwork that is filed, so they will be cash only for now. Parking can be an issue as they have only a few spots in front and on the side.
Inside has the feel of an old school diner. You come in, order at the counter from the menu on the wall. The owner is very friendly, taking the time to talk to all of the customers, and if you like his Facebook page for the restaurant, he will friend request you.
I have had the Greek Omelet, and the basic breakfast. You get your own beverage, choose your table, and your food will be brought out steaming hot. This is a place I would bring friends if they are already done doing the tourist thing.Catfish poboy was really good. The fish came hot, freshly fried to perfection...a light batter that was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I would definitely get that again. A regular told me the beef stew (not on the menu) is really good. I will try that on my next visit! Service was also very friendly, can't ask for much more in a restaurant.Honestly, this is one of my favorite places to eat... period. I typically don't like poboys, but the jethro and the shrimp poboys here are incredible. The jethro is massive and only about $8. Bring cash! A few months back it was cash only, it may still be.
The breakfast is pretty great to. The breakfast specials are fantastic. Can't go wrong with any of the eggs Benedict. Good portions are great prices. It's a small restaurant, but it has quality food and a nice atmosphere.A great local restaurant. Pass this place all the time had no idea it was a breakfast place. Very nice selection of breakfast. From omelets to eggs Benedict. The prices are amazingly reasonable
It is a small cafe that sits on the corner
Someone ordered a crab Benedict that looked amazing.   Breakfast special $4-6.   Service pretty quick for a breakfast.  No parking problems
As for me I ordered Breakfast special, small pancake and community coffee....under $10.    Cash only because your bill is so low that it don't make sense to incur cost for charge card....I am quoting the owner....Steve.   He walks around talking to customers and making sure everyone else s happy
This will be my new Neighborhood breakfast place.  I will yelp again when I come back for lunch
Poops church letting out they starting to pile in CkmThe lady who took my order was nice. This is a CASH ONLY restaurant. I had the breakfast special for 6.50. The prices are reasonable. The breakfast was basic nothing special. I pass this place up all the time and decided to give it a try this morning.The food is average, just like Waffle House. It's good for cheap food. The owner is very friendly and kind. But the server was not. He was rude, staring at us with a stank eye. You couldn't ask any question without getting a snarky remark.
Overall it's a nice establishment that could work on informing their employees to try to be nicer.Took the pain Perdue and chili cheese omelette to go on New Year's Eve morning. The woman working the counter (the owner?) was lovely and the food was wonderful. Thanks for being open on a holiday and thanks for telling me about the parade. We'll definitely be back one day. :)The portions are generous and the prices are modest comparatively. Ms. Brenda (owner), is an absolute Doll! You get the feel of being in your Aunts' house for a meal. The staff are personable and welcoming. I'd definitely recommend. Bring cash...she's old school (like my father was) - cash on demand! You won't be disappointed! Happy eating.Cafe Gentilly is a great place to grab great breakfast for a reasonable price.  We came as a group of 10 and had great service but one small tip is Cash only .It was a little late for breakfast but I was in the mood for pancakes & wasn't gonna stop til I found a spot to dine. & there was Cafe Gentilly, Eager & ready to take my order. Once I found out they were cash only I had to leave to go to an atm but the sweet lady at the counter still took my order so that it could be ready at my return (cuz I was starving!). When I got back, it was just about ready. I poured my coffee, sat down & there It was. I've had veggie omelets many of times but never with grilled artichoke. At first I thought, I should 86 the artichoke, but I'm so glad I didn't. It was SO GOOD GEEZ!!!! The omelet had lots of veggies, green peppers, onion, mushroom, etc. The pancake had a nice crisp buttery taste. I love when my pancake has a crispy outer shell. The owner & staff were extremely kind, just as you would expect out of NOLA folks. I can't wait to return to try the crab cake Benedict (I saw them coming out heading to another table & was drooling all over again!)Amazing find. Was rolling round outside the normal areas of New Orleans and found this great little place. 
Breakfast was great and the locals are friendly as well. Stole some of my spouses crawfish and spinach omelet and immediately wanted one myself. 
So going back tomorrow for my own
Go Saints GoReally great breakfast. Staff was friendly and efficient.  The only reason they didn't get more stars is because it was hot as donkey piss in there. Only window units,   no central air. May want to visit when the sun goes down or get take out. Besides that I definitely plan to eat here again.Love this place. The service and food is great. The owner is very nice and checks on you. 
I've gone in for lunch and breakfast a few times. Will continue to visit.Food was delicious! Had the shrimp poboy. Bread was fresh and buttered and grilled before making the sandwich. It's not overstuffed. Just a single layer of shrimp. Just enough to cover your bread. Not enough to fall off and eat afterwards. But it was cooked and seasoned perfectly.
Also had a side of French toast. It's made with French bread and it's so good. It's gooey inside and covered in powdered sugar and cinnamon. It's sweet enough to eat without syrup.... just how I like it! 
The place was cash only. I do wish they'd have that posted on the door. Being told that after ordering was almost disappointing if some last minute cash hadn't been found. It's 2019, please have the option of credit/debit.Such a great and friendly family run cafe! We liked it so much we went 3 days in a row while on vacation! Will definitely go back next time we are in town