Based on the food, drinks, and atmosphere....I would've given it four stars, but frankly the super slow service knocked it down.  We got to sit outside with the pup though, so that was well appreciated.   
I had the chicken salad sandwich with a little salad on the side.  Bread was good and chicken salad was fresh and light.  We also tried the raspberry mojitos.....perhaps more than one......and LOVED them.I really can't change my rating.  I love the setting so I always hope the food will be better.  I think they ran out of caesar dressing so made up for it by covering my greens in cheese.  Plus they were out of all but the boring beers.  Running out of Abita almost dropped them to 2 starts, but it was such a lovely night to sit outside...Stumbled upon this cafe while strolling through the Garden District down Magazine St. Has a good outdoor seating area...part of which is covered from the rain which was one of the reasons why we decided to stop and eat. Ordered the Caribe Salad...nothing special but the Honey Lemon Vinaigrette was pretty tasty. The really nice and helpful waitress suggested we order the Seaside Redfish Sandwich and she was right! The fish was perfectly blackened and the sandwich seemed healthy yet super tasty. Not over sauced like some fish sandwiches are. Came with some thick cut chips which I like over flimsy potato chips. Would come back for the sandwich.Uptowners swear by this menu.  Good sandwiches and salads.the salads were very good, fresh which is a surprise in NOLA because everything is fried. the wait staff was immature and slow not very attentive. there also was a long wait when the place was not even busyThe salads are really good here, but they charged us for 4 little pieces of French bread - in New Orleans!!  Otherwise, I would give them 4 stars.
Nice patio area!Cafe Rani has a lot of things going for it that I must let you know about.
For one, it has a prime location. It is right on Magazine Street with popular shops surrounding it. There is a nice little indoor seating area with a bar that is comfortable but still nice enough to feel a little fancy. The outdoor seating is really where it's at though. With New Orleans' climate it is lovely to sit outside in the sun year round or under the shade of a huge leafy tree. 
The food is definitely five stars. There is a vegetarian section of the menu and all of the food is made with the freshest ingredients. The eggs sardou has a creamed spinach and artichoke base for a fluffy egg and golden hollandaise sauce. WIth your sardou you can choose between chips (Zapps), grits, or cheesy grits. The cheesy grits were mm mm mm good because they topped the grits with a layer of toasty cheese instead of mixing it in. The entire meal was lick-your-plate good and to top it off I had my favorite brunch/lunch (or dinner, even) drink- a bloody mary. I enjoyed it but the drink was very light on the alcohol and wasn't spicy enough for me. I like my bloody mary with a little zap to my taste buds. My dining companion had a burger and said he would give it 4/5 stars when compared to all burgers he's had in his lifetime. 
I have to note: the only little ding on the experience is that we waited for our meal for a good long while only to have the waiter come tell us that he had forgotten to put our order in. This wouldn't have bugged me so much if the maitre d wasn't so awkward and could've understood that all we were asking for was a seat in the sun
Finally, for two people to have brunch with one drink each but without dessert you're looking at about $35-40. Cafe Rani is usually pretty busy and is crowded with uptown ladies lunching or rich college girls meeting for drinks on their parent's credit cards. If you can stand the uppity crowd and the occasional shoddy service the food here is worth it!I went on a date here a while back and I loved this place!
They have a nice patio area, so my date and I decided to sit outside (it was summer).  We both had the salmon and we loved it.  It was perfectly prepared and it was served with a delicious sauce that was incredible.
We decided against wine, but they have a really impressive wine list.  I haven't been back yet, but I have to make that a priority, as I was extremely happy with the service, the food and the place itself.This is truly one of the best cafes in New Orleans!  Almost every dish I have had is truly superb.  The menu touts everything from sandwiches and salads to "home-cooked" meals to hamburgers to a great brunch menu.  If you have a family or group of friends with all very different appetites, this is certainly a great place for you.  Both the courtyard and indoor sitting makes your meal a lovely and relaxing experience.  A huge oak sits in the middle of the closed, but modern, New Orleans court yard.  When the sun is out, it's a great place to dine and on some weekends, they even have a guitarist and wonderful local singer play which is truly a great addition.  
They have a wide variety of salads to which I have never heard a complaint.  Any of their dishes can certainly easily be shared including these salads.  They have a wide-array of different hamburgers and things can easily be substituted.  Don't expect french fries though, it's either home-made chips or potato salad which are both delightful!  The potato salad is one of the most unique and tasty ones I have ever had.  It boasts a mix of flavors including sour cream, a wonderful smoky bacon, perfectly cooked potatoes, and a myriad of other flavors.  Their shrimp, eggplant, and pesto pasta is absolutely superb!  The eggplant is perfectly grilled every time and the flavorful shrimp and bow-tie pasta are tossed in a light creamy pesto.  The eggplant is layered in a tower in the center of the pasta with onions, peppers, and cheese.  This is definitely a must-try if you like these flavors.  Their Crawfish Monica, a New Orleans created and named dish, commonly synonymous with Jazz Fest, is also a great pasta dish with a fiery touch of pepper flakes.  They also have a wide-variety of vegetarian options.  The Mediterranean Sandwich is certainly wonderful and in fact the first thing I tried upon discovering this hidden treasure in this Magazine Street courtyard.  Highly recommended! Give it a try!
P.S. As for desserts, they vary from visit to visit, but the carrot cake is a great find and enough for 4 or even 5 people to have a sweet treat.Great outdoor seating to enjoy the Garden District while downing the best bloody mary I've ever had--they used pickled okra as the garnish and it was a great combination!  You can't go wrong ordering the salmon or the sauteed shrimp & crawfish entree.
The acoustical jazz set was great--totally added to the fun of Rani.  Our server was fantastic: energetic, full of suggestions, always quick to help us, and she offered to take photos of our group!  
Prices are very reasonable for the quality of the service, food and cocktails.Such a nice location and ambiance! We were walking by on Magazine street and saw this shaded courtyard with music flowing through. it was buzzing with people. the outdoor seating is very pleasant and relaxing especially with the live music. the menu has many interesting items and my friend and i were lost on what to get for brunch. eventually we both settled for egg dishes and both were delic. i also ordered a plate of muffins and biscuits which was warm and fresh. i'd recommend this place if u r looking for a local spot on magazine street.  the waiter gave good recommendations and even though he was the only one servicing all tables he seemed to be in control.I went here with a bunch of friends. This place is completely out of my price range, but I had the crawfish monica and is was delicious. I'll give it four stars for that alone. If you've got the cash to drop and don't mind the part of town (a little bougie for me, no offense) then I suggest you try it out. Go on a nice day so you can sit outside.Nice place, great atmosphere, courteous staff, though I was unimpressed with my reuben.Went there for the first time last night.  Thursday night around 8pm and the place was almost empty. There is outside seating as well as inside seating, which is nice, but in August, you're going to want to sit inside out of the heat.
The restaurant itself is sort of tucked away, might be easy to miss, but I was going with someone who had been before.  
The food was great. I was with two people, everyone got a different entree.  The menu is pretty ecclectic, a lot of different options.  They have all kinds of different salads and sandwiches, as well as fish, veal, burgers, etc.  
I had the Fish Bobo, which is blackened red fish. It comes on a bed of zucchini and some type of delicious butter and seasoning. I was given 2 and a half BIG pieces! The zucchini was a perfect compliment to the fish. I had never had either red fish nor zucchini before, but now I'm a fan of both.
My friend had the turkey and black bean quesadilla, which was pretty basic, but yummy. I tried a few bites. It comes with salsa and some other sort of dipping sauce that I didn't try. It also comes with a little salad underneath. My friend's mom had some sort of tuna dinner. I am NOT a fan of tuna, but the combination of the tuna with whatever sauce came with it was actually pretty good.
A few downsides: Since we came near closing time (I'm guessing?) they were out of a few items like bowtie pasta (which they use primarily for pasta dishes unless they use angel hair), and a few other little things I can't remember. 
It came time for dessert, and they had a dessert of the day. That day was cupcakes, and for $6/cupcake it's kind of outrageous. They were also out of every kind except for peanut butter chocolate. I didn't try any, but the peanut butter on top looked greasy and disgusting, and was told it tasted similarly.  The cake part of the cupcake, however, was delicious.
Overall, it's definitely worth a try, and I will be coming again.Their salads are great, but that's about it. I have never had good service here, and they also get crowded very easily and don't take reservations so they take forever to seat you. Pick-up is the only way to go here.I'm really truly confused by Cafe Rani right now. I ordered the same Exact meal three times three weekends in a row and had completely different experiences. Let me tell you..
My first time was awesome! Like I said, the waiter completely forgot to put our meal in, but we weren't in a rush and the food was worth the wait. We had a nice experience. I was falling in love.
The second time our waiter was better (Nathan) but the food was horrid! I saw brown chunks of something in my eggs and sent it back to make sure it wasn't bacon (i'm a veg) and they said it was burnt pieces and they'd make a new one even though it was okay to eat. Silly me for just asking if it was bacon! My new meal came out in less than 2 minutes and was completely uncooked. UGH so gross. 
I left after that time and wrote the manager. She wrote back letting me know that the owner was having a baby shower and the chef was distracted by that. She said she'd leave me a gift card at the bar to try it again. Okay, I decided I would, this time bringing some special guests.
I went back yesterday for lunch and brought three people. We sat inside where it was packed after a little wait. The noise level was rising and I felt like we were yelling across the table. The waiter was good (never got his name but he has long dreddy hair that I admire). The food was good (except my grits had hard chunks in them!). When I went to the bar i asked about the gift receipt and the bar tender gave ME such attitude saying he didn't know where it was. I didn't want to make a big deal so I said okay well let me know if you find it. The waiter said it would be for $25 and they'd just take it off the bill.
The bill comes and the waiter says they always give everyone $25 off but they're only giving me $15 off and he apologizes. Our bill (with the money off) came to $60 for four meals, two coffees, one beer and one drink. 
Okay definitely not too expensive, but for that price I don't want attitude, I don't want noise, and I don't want uncooked food or chunks in my grits. I'm really not a picky person but I don't understand why Cafe Rani can't get it right consistently. It's like they're snooty and don't really care. 
But, my meal was so good the first time. I'll probably go back one more time and just give it a last chance. I want to love it but they're not letting me.Went to Cafe Rani for dinner recently and was happily suprised by the quality of the food. My husband and I both had fish, and both entrees were pretty good. I like that there are lots of healthy options at this restaurant and a large variety of salads. 
The only negative was that the service was sub-par. The waitress appeared to have too many tables and neglected us on more than one occassion. 
Nice to sit outside on a nice night and nice ambiance. 
Since I live in the neighborhood, I'll go back.wow ... Blackened Redfish Poboy was delicious (comes with a side salad) and the remoulade was perfect!    I went on a semi-rainy friday night so it was fairly slow but the atmosphere was perfect.  They had two local musicans piping out some jazz which added to the ambiance. 
The lighted tree in the patio outside is pretty cool too. I'm sure sitting out there people watching on Magazine would be interesting.Don't waste your time.  Sorry to be so harsh, but I've been going to Cafe Rani for years (it was better before the storm) and the past few times have been miserable.  
The food is hit-or-miss and they're almost always understaffed.  It took them an hour and a half to get me a croissant sandwich yesterday and the place wasn't even packed.  I had one glass of lemonade and almost no wait staff interaction.  
Additionally, certain foods are prepared strangely or perhaps use artificial ingredients because they aggravate my stomach.  The sauces seem particularly problematic.  I've had a few good salads there, but no consistency.  
Ugh.Had the Eggs Boudreaux.  Not bad...would have been better with regular sauce over the bernaise.  Typical brunch-like fare, which wasn't exactly what we were looking for yesterday morning (but too hungover to deal with standing in a long outside for Camelia Grill or the like!).
They get the 4th star for the excellent Cajun Blood Mary, which was not nearly as spicy as my friend warned.Loved the food here! My boyfriend had the Crawfish Monica & I had the Cobb Club. Everything was cooked to perfection. The food was extra tasty. I'm not a fan of potato salad-- but the potato salad that accompanied the Cobb was by far, one of the best I've ever tasted. 
The only downfall about this restaurant is that the wait was sort of long because there were many people there. After we got seated, the waitress took awhile just to come take our drink order; the drinks also arrived awhile after, and the time for the food was the same. Other than that, everything was great. 
A very cute place for brunch & lunch!Food was tolerable.  Service was a negative one star.  Took fifteen minutes for our server to bring oil and vinegar as a side dressing.  WTF???  Nice local on Magazine street.  wouldn't go back.Great vegetarian options. Awesome courtyard. Great for lunch or a casual dinner.We stumbled in after a few hot hours of shopping on Magazine. I was a little apprehensive at first because of some bad reviews, but overall it was very good. I gave it 4 stars because the food was so good and the atmosphere was so nice.
My Greek salad was to die for! Fresh Romaine lettuce (none of that iceberg crap), cucumber, tomato, chickpeas, feta, delicious chicken...
The wait staff was polite and efficient, not overly friendly or welcoming, but we didn't have to wait more than 10 minutes for our food.
Prices weren't too bad either.Can think of no better think to do on a spring morning than to have brunch outside at cafe rani.So I used to love this place, but it really gone down Hill in service and food. Ordered a ckn caesar salad and a mushroom burger with chips.  When I got there, the bar guy was a snooty, rude, eye rolling, gay guy who was very annoyed that I asked him any questions - sorry you hate your job- no tip for you. Then when I get home, I open my food and my burger was on a nasty bunny bread bun, when it used to be on a toasted wheat bun, and I got a salad instead of chips.  Then my wifes salad had huge chucks of chicken that are normally sliced into eatable bites, and they tasted weird. Like they may be old and slimy. If we get sick, there will be a phone call. Sorry to say, but I will never eat here again, and I will only eat at the coffee ranis on the north shore- better service and food/portions. It was also brunch time on a Sunday, and fathers day- there were about 3/4 tables... Looks like I'm not the only person that has noticed the crap here.This place has the BEST bloodies in the city, hands down.  The cajun bloody ( i think), is amazing, always things floating in it (good sign).  They have one night a week thats two for one (used to be tuesdays, but i think now thursdays), so thats certainly the best night to go as the drinks add up pretty fast otherwise...cute courtyard, good bloodies, A+Nothing turns me off off a place worse than a server who complains about the managers/owners of the establishment.  The server was truly awful - unattentive, forgetful, and even dropped an entire tray of almost a dozen drinks on another patron.  Our food was three stars - just not impressive enough to deal with the truly bad service.  I wouldn't go to a five-star restaurant that made me wait for food that long, or where I couldn't even flag a waiter down from across the patio.  I would have to be dragged back here.Cafe Rani has mediocre food in a good location. Because I live a hop, skip, and a jump away, I end up coming here more often than the food warrants. It has one of the most extensive salad options I've been able to find in the city, but that's not saying much. The courtyard is cute, food is decent - not great.I can't believe I never knew this place was so great.  After driving by there a thousand times, I was never even curious to go check it out.  That's probably because you can't actually see it from the street.  It's entrance is at the back of a courtyard that is flanked by a CC's coffeshop and a GNC.  In any event, it is the perfect lunch spot if you can't stomach another poorboy and want to try to eat something healthy.  There is indoor and outdoor seating, and it seems there are almost more tables outside.
Their menu long and does not change for dinner.  But they've got everything you'd want at lunch: salads, sandwiches, soups, light entrees, pasta dishes, burgers, and they've got great coffee.  I've had the Greek Salad, the Magazine St. Cobb salad, and the Crawfish Monica, which Rani made famous and is served out at Jazz Fest every year (and is apparently a registered trademark).
Prices are completely reasonable.
I've been three times in as many weeks, and look forward to trying out the brunch soon.This place has a great atmosphere with outdoor seating for nice weather, and the variety on the menu offers something for every taste. Some tasty dishes I've had here: portobello sandwich, fish bobo (very tasty!), and the shrimp eggplant rani pasta dish. The last 2 items I just listed offer large portions with leftovers. Each time I have eaten at Cafe Rani, the service has been great, and one night there was live music on the patio as we ate.I want to love this place...really I do.  I've even continued going here for years hoping the service and decor will improve...they have not.  The food is ok, interesting and hits the spot when you really need it, but the staff is just not good.  I have had to send back more incorrect dishes at Rani than any other place, and the waitors just don't seen to care about serving you.  The decor does not match the menu or experience (weird inside, beautiful but loud courtyard outside).  Unfortunatly I feel I may return here someday when I'm really hungry and want a portabello sandwich...but not if I can help it.Cafe Rani is located on Magazine St between Washington and Napoleon where there are lots of bars and places to eat. I like to eat there because of their Eggs Benedict, which I absolutely love. It's a nice place with an outdoor courtyard that will be more and more inviting to dine in, since the August heat and humidity will be making its long awaited retreat.
Standard kinda brunch/lunch fare that is offered up all day long and nothing is fried (which is weird in this city). They do have an interesting Bloody Mary menu for you 'hangover-I-need-a-drink-to-make-this-throbbing-pain-go-away' types. And I have never had to wait more than one minute to get seated in all my visits to this place. The salads are really good.
Looking for food on Saturday or Sunday around lunch, try Cafe Rani...I'm rating the food here, and NOT the service. Food, once we got it, was delicious, but it took too long to get it. I also had to go to the bar myself to ask for a second beer, since our server didn't care to keep our table in his peripheral vision. A couple times I tried to get our server's attention, but to no avail. When he did finally decide to approach us, he asked, "Is everything ok?" I hate that question! If you've been serving us all along, shouldn't you be the first person to know if everything is ok? If you're looking for some good food for lunch but don't necessarily mind if you get mediocre service, then I recommend this place.Excellent outdoor patio and great food. I had the caribe salad that was packed with goodies like raisins, grapes, chicken, etc.I eat at Rani about once a month, and I love this place the courtyard alone is all the reason to go. Sit out there and have one of there delish cocktail from there awesome cocktail menu. I love the ambiance and the food is fantastic.Café Rani has a ton of things going for them. They are on Magazine St. near some great stores and Belladonna Spa. The courtyard area is one of the nicest in the neighborhood, if not one of the best in the city. Their menu is pretty straight forward with a variety of salads, sandwiches, and entrees. So where did we go wrong Rani? Is it the staff you hired? Those people who don't seem too concerned with their customers or the restaurant as they badmouth the management openly and take their sweet ass time delivering anything, much less the right thing. Is it the bar and how they run out of things like mint and oranges so that I cannot enjoy either a mint julep or an Old Fashioned after a particularly bad week? Or is it the kitchen staff when everything I order is just "meh". The answer is D. All of the above. What a beautiful and convenient setting to have a restaurant and what a way to blow it.Snarky, S--l--o--w indifferent service. I go once a year since 2003. Never again.
Worst wait staff in NOLA.If you crave a great salad, definitely head over here. The menu is creative, and the kitchen delivers. I've also tasted the Cobb Club and the Shrimp Alfredo (prepared easy on the sauce, as I requested). Everything was great.
I wish the service and the cocktails lived up to the same level. There was one server on the floor, which I understand (slower night, not enough tables). But if you are the only one on the floor, don't disappear after you bring food or drinks to a table. 
My friend ordered the strawberry/cucumber mojito and it was one of the worst creations I ever tasted. First of all, no mint in the drink (huh?). Also, no cucumbers. It had a slight pinkish color and light strawberry flavor. I couldn't taste any simple syrup in it either. Since server was nowhere to be found, and the bartender was busy browsing Facebook on his phone, I had to walk over to the bar to ask him to add some syrup to the drink.
So, definitely give this bistro a try, because the food is wonderful. But skip the cocktails (maybe order wine instead) and expect just OK service.We sat inside as it was very wet in the courtyard. We ordered drinks and then our meals, in the interim I decided I wanted a cocktail and an appetizer, she didn't come back until the entrees arrived.  My iced tea was sucked dry by then. Ordered said cocktail, should have stopped at tea.   
No excitement generated from server, or should I say order taker.  Food was pricey for what it was, and Cafe Rani, she is confused.    Don't give me candles on the table and then roll my silver in paper.  Don't charge me three dollars for a iced tea and put it in a plastic cup.   Thirdly,  don't put plastic souffle cups of dressing IN my Tuna Nicoise, either use silver bullet cups or put that plastic on a separate plate.  That faux pas right there tells me either you are running out of money, or that you just don't care.  This isn't a picnic  with the prices that I am paying.
Also, on the menu it says something about desserts, which I wanted.  Found out, all they had were some crusty, flaccid cupcakes that I could get at any cupcake store up or down Magazine Street, without their obligatory mark up.  
Finally, noble as it is to be participating in NOAIDS task force  and Dine  Out for Life, the ONLY reason I chose this restaurant today, there was no mention of it whatsoever.   The promotional materials such as the sticker and the bookmark were absent, and the only thing I saw in my check portfolio was the white donation envelope, right next to my white bill.  So, you kind of dropped the ball on this one, when you might have collected donation  for this most worthwhile cause.   That is OK, because earlier today I had a fantastic meal and was offered ALL the promotional materials even before I got my meal, and my white envelope was filled out, sticker stuck on, and bookmark used.   This sadly was not the case at Cafe Rani, and I  would  probably not return to this downer of a cafe. Note to the organization, perhaps you could train some of these "order takers" to act  a bit more excited and have them explain what this day is all about.  No, I correct that, one can't be trained in excitement, one must be trained in knowledge, but no enthusiasm was ever conveyed here. None.  None for the food, none for the drinks, none for the Dine Out for Life, and none for my patronage.   
And note to the kitchen staff, please do not "nest" plastic cups in my salad, it is just plain tacky especially when there is remnants of meals past on its exterior...The only reason why I'm even giving this place three stars is because my blue cheese burger and chips were delish.
My boyfriend ordered the creole omlet, which he didn't really like. He's also a garbage disposal who eats just about everything.
Not only the the waiter SUCK (skinny white dude with some gage earrings) he was SUPER rude. I chewed out my boyfriend for leaving him 20% gratiuity. Look, dude. I get that you have to cover a lot of stations, but not once did you come to check on us (only to deliever food), but when my boyfriend was asking you to give us an extra drink, you continued to walk away as he was still talking to you. Boy, you need to chill out and learn some manners. Absolutely horrible. I was appauled. I also saw him do more or less the same thing to another table that he was serving. Never again. Thanks for the burger. I never get good service here. Next.Great location for lunch.  The food was good, but the service was horrible.  I had crawfish Monica, a Jazz Fest favorite of mine and my husband had the blackened redfish po-boy.  When he ordered, he asked if he could have it without tartar sauce.  The waiter told us all of the sauces came on the side.  Our food got to the table, but it seemed like it took a really long time to get it.  The sauces didn't come with the po-boy.  By the time we finally got someone's attention and got them, I was halfway done with my meal.  We were looking around for the waiter to order another beer and he was nowhere in sight.  After getting frustrated, we went to the bar to get another and asked the bartender to add the beer to our table.  He was very polite.  We were clearly done had to wait another 5-10 minutes to be approached, at which time, we were offered dessert.  We declined since we didn't have 2 hours for lunch.We really enjoyed our experience here. They have great salads and sandwiches which can be enjoyed in their beautiful courtyard with your pups. We will be back for sure.Just wanted everyone to know this is no longer Cafe Rani, but the new restaurant that has taken its place, La Fin du Monde has a wonderful lunch and dinner menu, as well as a very extensive cocktail list as well as very good price on wine and beers. 
lafinrestaurant.comI've always been a huge fan of Cafe Rani, in part because of the awesome courtyard, and also because of the awesome vegetarian sandwich I always order when I go. I've taken tons of people here for the first time, with consistently positive feedback every time. My mom loves their salads, my friend loves their bloody marys and/or mimosas (we had an epic drunk brunch one weekday afternoon), and whenever I'm looking for a lunch spot on in the Garden District on a gorgeous day, Cafe Rani comes to mind.I've been to this place three times in the last 5 years.  The most recent was tonight.  My previous experience was 3 years ago.  Tonight I walked in and there was this odor...it wasn't pleasant.  The person I was with smelled it as well.  The other people didn't seem to notice.  So I asked the waitress.  She said it could be the grease trap they just cleaned...yep...it was...it was a greasy smell.  So we decided to eat outside.  Much more pleasant.  They were out of bake potatoes.  No matter we just had them.  I ordered the veal.  Waitress came back and said...we are out of the veal.  So the only other "beefy" thing on the menu was the Rueben sandwich.  Because I had already ordered my broccoli and grilled veggy sides, I could still get them with the my order.  The Rueben was ok...the veggies were very plain.  No olive oil, no garlic, no herb, nothing.  Ugh...this is New Orleans.   So I probably won't be going back to Cafe Rani for another three years.   Service was great!  That's where the two stars come from.This is a great spot for lunch. I had the crawfish monica. It was delicious with crawfish tails in a light cream sauce with capellini noodles. Sauce wasn't too creamy and didn't overpower the seafood. I also had a Strawberry Mojito with fresh berries. It tasted great, wasn't too sweet, and sadly wasn't really strong...I guess two out of three isn't bad. Service was a little slow but the food was worth the wait.This is a nice casual brunch, lunch, or dinner spot on Magazine St. in the Garden District.  They have a nice courtyard but sometimes the birds make it less nice so make sure the check your seat before sitting.  I really like their veal pot roast (ahhh they took it off the menu!!!),  sauteed shrimp & crawfish po boy, and their awesome burgers.  They have lots of other great things on the menu and they often offer some special cocktails.  The cocktails are sometimes hit or miss as I've had some great ones and some I didn't want to finish so maybe ask for a sample first.  They sometimes have live music and hearing M. Jackson's "Beat It" on the original fiddle is quite entertaining!this location is closed. it is now La Fin du Monde.Had lunch mid-day today. Nice weather for sitting outside (while it lasts :) good experience. Got the creole burger with sausage, good not great but still enjoyed it, only served on wheat bun. Service was very good, food was good, atmosphere was very good. They only had a carrot cake as a desert, would have liked to see a few more options. Potatoes had a massive amount of pesto sauce but not that flavorful. Worth a try for sure especially on a mild day when you can sit outside.I just went for the first time in years a few days ago and Cafe Rani left a lot to be desired. 
A few girlfriends and I wanted a place were we could sit outside and decided to give Cafe Rani another try. The beautiful courtyard with oak trees makes for a great outdoor spot. Unfortunately, our waiter and food were lackluster. 
Our waiter seemed like he would rather be anywhere else in the world than serving us and wasn't attentive at all. He took our order and brought the check. That's it. Another person brought our food out and there were pitchers on the table, so we refilled our own drinks. 
I got the Jamaican Jerk salad. It had spinach, grapes, bleu cheese, apples, walnuts, sun dried tomatoes, and grilled chicken. Everything was fine, except for the chicken. It was low quality (tasted like bad, frozen chicken) and had a lot of grisly parts. It was overly salty, so much so that I could only eat half. I didn't need to eat all of it anyway, as my sodium levels were probably met for the week! A sad waste of $12.00. Booo. 
I would come again for the courtyard...or maybe for a coffee...but I would take my $12 elsewhere for food.+1 star for the fabulous outdoor setting.  -1 star for indifferent plating.  And by that I mean ending up with bits of someone else's meal on my plate.
They have a bunch of vegetarian selections.  And cover the gamut of salads, burgers, and hot dishes.  Maybe's it's just that they are trying to do too much to do any of it really well.I used to come here pre-katrina all the time. Since I've been back the experience is not at all the same. The salads used to be AMAZING and now you'll find old wilted lettuce or browning. The service is overall unfriendly. It's not very difficult to simply be polite, and there were a number of times when the server (she had short brownish orange hair) dropped by our table to give us our food, or check, and didn't say a word. 
The what seemed like manager made it very limited to sit outside because he tried to explain to us that servers were only assigned to certain tables! I'm sorry but if you want to sit somewhere, then you should be able to sit there! It shouldn't be a big deal. The customer is always right.
When I told my friend about the crappy service and the so-so food, she told me that the last time she was there she was waited on by the girl with the black wig and she was completely unfriendly and not warm at all. 
So basically the food was just alright. I had the garden sandwich. The service sucked. And it took 30 minutes for our food when it wasn't busy.I really can't decide between 2 and 3 stars for my rani update, but due to my many positive prior visits, and the sweet waitress, i've leaned towards 3.
We finally came for dinner during a nola visit, as my boyfriend saw they were one of few nola restaurants that serve tuna as an entree - and dirt cheap!
I didn't expect too much for ~$14 for the entree, but we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip (they toasted foccacio bread for us since they were out of pita which was actually better than pita) and the tuna app, then i got the tuna entree with spinach instead of greens, and my boyfriend got the tuscan chicken.  I asked for the tuna super rare, and it inevitably came out cooked throughout, almost no pink, which was frustrating, but i didnt want to send it back..
Unfortunately, it strikes me that the few places that serve tuna in nola try to 'cajunize it' or some BS, where it hides the tuna taste entirely by covering it in salsa, black beans, and other things that essentially SCREAM the opposite of tuna....sadly this wasn't in the description or i would have asked to forego that as well (esp as we arent doing dinner at bourbon house because while they serve tuna, their tuna description is much as this dish actually came out - with salsa and other questionable things coupled with a tuna dish..)
While the tuna was not at all what i was looking for, the waitress was still super sweet (it had downpoured torrentially all night so we were the only patrons- which also meant we had to sit inside which is far less cute than the outdoors, which was half the reason we were coming other than the tuna..), and large portions - and for $14 i didn't have especially high hopes for the tuna in the first place, so while i wouldnt order it again, i'd still return to rani. (esp for happy hour)The only reason we ended  up here was because we were lured in by how cute the outdoor seating area is. A+ for that but then it just goes downhill from there. Went with 3 other girls and we all ordered beers and burgers. Here is a run down of what was wrong:
1) the restaurant was out of at least 2 if not 3 varieties of beer that was on the menu ( I get if 1 is sold out but if you're out of Stella AND blue moon? Come on...)
2) the waitress seemed to be high ( not joking)
3) the burgers were not good. They were ok. Buns were dry multigrain. My friends had the southwest burgers which they didn't like. I had the classic.
4) it took AN HOUR AND A HALF to get our food. That's ridiculous. It's burgers. 
5) the check was a mess. She put beers on the bill that we ordered but were unavailable and doubled beers that were only ordered once. So guess who had to sit there and figure it all out? ME.
Note to management: this place could  be awesome if your staff was more efficient. 
 I won't be coming back though.Been here before but it's been awhile - I have had their Salads which I love - salmon salad was very good!!! but last night I did something weird & had veal pot roast, herbed potatoes & broccoli - mmmmm comfort food!!!!!!!!!! that was sooooooooooooooooo very good - hit the spot!!! who knew I was craving that? 
They have a wide variety of food - I used to think it was only salads but I think that was cuz that was all I got!! (so weird I know!) service was good! friendly comfy atmosphere.
It was too cool to sit out when we went (ha - very rare in New Orleans!!) - but there is a bunch of outside seating under a GORGEOUS oak tree.Cafe Rani is possibly one of the cuter outside-of-the-French-Quarter brunch spots in New Orleans.  It's situated on Magazine Street with a super ample courtyard for all your outdoor brunching or anytime munching needs.  
Buy one get one free beverages during happy hour = awesome.  The peach bellinis are simply delicious.  My friends have raved about their blood marys as well.  I'm not really certain about the Happy Hour hours, but they seem to be arbitrary at times?  A few times they've started after the work day ending until closing, so maybe check on that before you stop by.  
The vegan food options are a little drab and slightly overpriced for what they are.  The portobella sandwich, veganized, was far less tasty and meager than what I've made at home.  I've had some sort of Mediterranean appetizer once and it was decent, but not very memorable.  Just the same ole stuff!
The service has been fairly consistently good, no real high points or low points - which I'm totally cool with!
What I liked about this place was the courtyard - it's not the most picturesque, but it's calming and relaxing on a perfect non-sweltering day.  Definitely check this place out if you prefer non-French Quarter brunching.We searched Yelp for a joint in the Magazine St. area, and settled on Café Rani. Fortuitous choice!  We wanted to eat outdoors, but the humidity pushed us indoors. 
      We started with drinks, hers a great rumrunner and mine a passable mojito. Appetizer was portabella and Gouda quesadillas, which were delectable. The menu is varied and everything on it sounded enticing, but after consulting our waiter (the only one in attendance) I settled on Jamaican Jerk Salad, whilst my love had veal pot-roast. The salad was a sensational collision of sweet (raisins, grapes), spicy (pepper jelly vinegarette dressing) and tart (Greek olives, feta cheese) over baby spinach, topped with a nicely seasoned, but dry, chicken breast. The pot roast was Slap Ya MawMaw good, with sides of rosemary potatoes and grilled veggies. No room for dessert, due to generous portions. 
     There could have been more waiters, although the bartender helped where he could. Still our waiter was helpful and pleasant. With 4 stars for service, 5 stars for food, we'll be back!On recommendation from a few friends who live in New Orleans, we stopped at Cafe Rani on our way out of the city for a Sunday brunch with about 10 friends. Our waiter, Ruth (a man, by the way) was awesome - very accommodating even when we needed to add another whole table and extra chairs. We were there about 2 hours, which took a little long for my taste, but again, we were with a large group. The have a fairly extensive brunch menu and a huge regular menu. A couple people at our table got the bloody mary's and said they were great. I chose a breakfast croissant and cheese grits - yummy and huge. They were a tad on the cold side, but I think that's to be expected when they're bringing out 10 orders at one time. The homemade muffin baskets are a must. Our waiter made the whole meal very enjoyable and I hope others get to hang out with Ruth when they go!Yay for vegetarian options and huge salads - both are like finding Waldo in these parts.  I needed the waiter to help me pick with veggie option to order and I came up with the Mediterranean sandwich.  It's hard to mess a sandwich up when it's on ciabatta bread, right?  Their bread was soft but held the veggies and cheese well.  It came with a romaine salad and I was full on half the sandwich - another big plus. 
The bf ordered the cobb salad and it looked amazing.  It was apparently so good that I wasn't even able to get a bite of it.  Hmpff.  Whatever, at least I know this place knows that salads can be a real meal and not just a plate of lettuce.  
Service was fast, even during a Saturday lunch with crazy, hungry Christmas shoppers.  I'll definitely be back - I'm eyeing you Veggie Spud.