This place was recommended by the Lyft driver and has of course been in several magazines etc. I usually don't stand in line one hour for a food place, so expectations were high of course. I'm not sure if the beignets were different this day but they were definitely not the fluffiness clouds of heaven as people describe them, they were fried pieces of dough with some powered sugar nothing more, nothing less. Definitely not worth the lines. I ordered the veggie omelette which was ok, nothing special. All the staff was super friendly and worked as fast as they could.Worst customer service ever! The girl at the register was rude and disrespectful and let's unhelpful. Maybe because it was 7:30 AM in the morning. ??? I asked questions about the menu and she didn't have the answers and had to keep walking in the back for confirmation. Rolling her eyes and looking annoyed. I wouldn't suggest Visiting this place or given them any of your money. There are probably other places That would love to have your business.Clouds of fluffiness found here! Lots of powdered sugar. Next time I'll try the beignet with pudding..theres so much on the menu.
The cajun bloody mary-- I couldnt stop sipping on that. Took this for take out, and made it brunch on the go!!
The shop just opened up and all staff were happily helpful and team ready for the rush. The shop is pandemic compliant..you write your name and number down min case theres a case outbreak within staff that occurs.1 hr wait just for beignet.
Not worth it; go to cafe du mont.
Offer wayyyyy more than just beignets so it's not worth the waitVery cute spot. The piano that plays itself was really cool. But honestly, this place is a bit overrated. We basically spent $40 on breakfast for 2 people in which we spent over 30 minutes in line for. Also, the french toast was NOT good.This place is amazing. I know the French quarter is the real spot but they not fresh and hot as ordered. This place here fresh and hot as ordered. If you looking for a spot to relax and have a cup of coffee and eat good fresh hot beignets stop on Canal Street and get the real deal. You will not be let down. The manager or owner that be at the door so friendly and helpful. I been trying to leave a review but I refuse to leave it on somebody else page and I told the manager. Now look at me now. That's how great the service is there. I promise you're not going to be let down.I love their beignets more than cafe monde. 
But whatever you do, DONT ORDER ANYTHING ELSE!
I ordered a breakfast plate it looked and tasted like cafeteria food. I thought I was being bougie until I saw another visitor throw her entire plate away. It was very disappointing. So just stick to the beignets and you'll be delighted!!!So while cafe dumonde is maybe the most famous place to get a beignet, Cafe Beignet has the best beignets! Also, they have a good variety of coffee to choose from. If I am ever back in new orleans, I know where I am going for beignets!On my first trip ever to New Orleans and I wasn't leaving until I'd had beignets for breakfast. Having been warned that Cafe Du Monde would be swamped with tourists, I was happy to just find any local old spot that would make me some beignets. My friend Googled this one and when we got there, there was a line that ALMOST made me leave. Glad we decided to wait it out though! It moved fairly quickly and once we made it to the front, we each got our own 3 beignets for $3.99 order, as well as a Southern Breakfast to split (easily got a table as well). She was not a fan of the grits, but also never had them before. I found them to be a delicious consistency, and the accompanying french bread quite tasty as well, though I didn't care for the eggs.
But the BEIGNETS? Man, the beignets. If you're a funnel-cake lover, you can't resist. These were freshly made, warm, sprinkled with powder sugar, toasted on the outside with a warm, soft, doughy center that I swear fresh steam rose from each bite as if from the ashes of Mordor. And they were bigger than expected so you're definitely getting your money's worth. I couldn't even finish them, but carried the leftovers around with me until I finished them hours later at the sculpture garden because I was not wasting any of that baked gold. The wait on line was WORTH IT. If you're on some kind of diet, counting your calories, (then you shouldn't even be eating in New Orleans lmao) whatever, then don't get these because this is fried goodness with sugar dumped on top, but if you're looking to sink your teeth into bliss-filled, soulful happiness, OMNOMNOM AWAY.  I hope I can snag some more before my trip is over ;_;Efficient line management.  Need to show proof of vaccine to get into the cafe to order.   We had beignets, they were great!  Crispy outside and moist inside.   Tried the chicory coffee made from the root of chicory. It was not bad.  The breakfast sandwich on a croissant was fantastic.  Toasted the inside of the croissant with the folded egg and bacon was great!  Would have again!  Prices were reasonable as well.   Inside and street seating available!Stopped by on our way to go shopping. This was my first time in Nola so a beignet was a must. I have to say this was the best breakfast item I have ever tasted in my life. I also tried a caramel au'lait and it was like heaven in my mouth. I tried cafe du monde the next day and the beignet didn't even come close to this level of excellence. My only regret is that I didn't get to go back again before I left.I was a bit disappointed with the beignets from their Royal Street location, but I didn't want to completely write off Cafe Beignet, so I tried the Canal Street location before we left NOLA. And I'm so glad I did!
The beignets we got were so fresh, warm, and pillowy! I feel like I could eat them everyday! My only complaint is that Cafe Beignet does tend to "skimp" on the powder sugar if compared to Cafe Du Monde, but still delicious nonetheless.This place is way better than cafe du Mundo.   The dough used is much fluffier and less dense than the competitor.  There is a constant line until this place closes in the early afternoon.  I had to try it since we were staying at the JW right next door.  I got lucky and showed up between the morning and lunch rush.  Service was quick and easy.   It was delicious.  We also bought some home since our flight was the same day.  It was a hit for my kids too!  Ask them to separate the powder sugar if you plan to bring some home for great souvenirs.Thought the outdoor music and atmosphere were nice, food was not good at all. Produce which was very minimal was questionable, on the point of turning. Shrimp on the exterior dry, plain bread tasted like it was cheap and frozen.Coffee was ok, beignet was good. Blandest omelets we have ever had, and we have eaten out of a field kitchen on deployment.Good location!
Two rooms with plenty of seating. Food comes out hot and quick. The beignets here are always good and way better than waiting in line at Cafe Du Monde for. Their coffee is delicious and they offer all their coffee drinks on ice, as well.
Service is friendly. Prices are just right. You'll fit right in spilling powdered sugar all over yourself.There is a line for a reason! These beignets are delicious, but they have more than just these pillows of powdered sugar goodness. We also had the red beans and rice and it was delicious with lots of sausage. Very clean on the inside, especially with as busy as they are. They still make sure they spray sanitize tables after people leave. Staff are friendly and very pleasant. They do only have 1 bathroom which was clean. Seating on the inside is limited, but there is plenty seats outside. The beignets were hot, soft with a crunch on the outside. They were not greasy at all.We came in (first time having beignets) around 11 in the morning on a Saturday and they were pretty busy. We waited maybe 20 minutes or so and we ordered the ham and cheese omelette and an order of beignets, they are 3 for $3.99 and they are a lot bigger than I was expecting. The omelette came with grits and toast. The beignets were great (had them with coffee). The omelette was on the smaller side and fairly greasy. The atmosphere was very cute and reminded me of a cafe in France. Over all it's cute and a good place to try.Most adorable cafe with beignets that are better than cafe du monde, no really trust me. I wish I found this place first. The beignets are fresh, fluffy and huge. They taste amazing!I'm not an expert on beignets and this place is very likely a tourist trap but the beignets that I ordered were absolutely delicious and I could eat them breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day of my trip. And for under $4 it was a reasonable price, especially compared to some other places that charge more for the same quality.I don't know what's going on but whoever was working today there we're moving like they were zombies.This place was cute but their drink and beignets was AMAZING. When you show up I love how you show if you got vaccinated which is great because they care for safety. I was greet by super friendly staffs which I loved! I had to try ice version of "cafe du lait" but was surprised when she ask which flavor which threw me off because i am not sure when it comes to flavor but she told me most people white chocolate but for me white chocolate can be hit or missed but she recommended vanilla and she was right you can never go wrong with Classic flavor. I LOVE this drink because the flavor and the cafe part i assuming blend soo well when you drink. The beignets here was more fluffy to me and I was full after eating one. I really enjoyed it. The atmosphere was its cute french vibe, you can sit outside or inside. I will come back here definitely one day to NOLA and try other items.So good! I prefer the location on Royal Street, but the beignets were still delicious.Our waitress was SO rude & the beignets were not at all authentic. They were shaped like rectangular pillows & not the square beignets that I grew up eating at the cafe du monde; as a child. The beignets came in the authentic pairing of 3, but I did not even finish eating my first beignet because they were that bad!I'll get straight to the point. 
Coffee 2/5
Beignets 1/5
Other breakfast items 4/5 (omelettes, pastries, croissants etc)
Staff 100000/5 
Open area with plenty of seating. Line moves fast. 
Super disappointed in the beignets. Thick, not fluffy and borderline burnt. 
Would come back for everything but the coffee and beignets. 
Food comes out hot fresh and fast. 
Staff is the greatest.Hot, freshly made beignets. SO delicious. The frozen coffee was good as well, very sweet though.Beignets good, everything else pretty bad. Avoid like the plague if you have better options. I would not come back, staff was friendly though!Oh my gosh. Delicious and the staff were so great. The inside and ousts is seating was so spacious. The prices are affordable and the beignets were so fresh and juicy. I prefer this place of cafe beignet. They have  the better beignetsWas in New Orleans for a couple days and passed by around 5pm which it was already closed by then but we didn't know where we were eating for breakfast the next morning so we made a point to make it before 2:30pm. We got there around 10:30am it was a short line but moved fast. It's only one register but the employees were on point, everything was fast. We paid then found a seat and our food was ready no more than 5 mins later. The place seems a lil cramped but its not bad they have a lot of seating outside as well. The decor of the cafe was really cute. I liked it, I wouldn't mind going back.Busy cafe. Limited seatings during peak times. Difficult to social distance but at least cafe had the doors open. No mask enforced at all. We were in line and of 25 people in front of us, only 3-4 were wearing masks. Everyone were standing right next to each other. A few people were coughing and sneezing. I was pretty nervous. 
After a long wait, we ordered. They check vaccine cards before you order. We also snagged a table before ordering since it'll be difficult to find an open table. 
We ordered a latte and some beignets. The latte was ok, and the beignets were good but doughy too, not like the flaky soft pillowy ones we've had at a different cafe in the past. 
There were only 2 unisex bathrooms so there was a line. Bathrooms were decent.
There was a utensils and napkins station so you actually have to go get your own. I find this inconvenient especially when it's super busy and you have to fight your way through crowds just to get some napkins.
Not sure if I'd return. Maybe during a less busy time, as the beignets were decent.Definitely the best beignet I've had!I went to cafe dumande as well and this one was sooo much better. They don't sell beignet exclusively here but honestly they should because the food wasn't nothing to write home about. Would definitely recommend though for the name sake.Here in New Orleans for the first time. Came to try out the famous beignets at Cafe Beignet. We loved it. Delicious and great price. We sat at a cute little outside table and enjoyed the weather and people. The people in New Orleans have been nothing but hospitable and this bistro was no exception. We ordered beignets and breakfast. The food was good (omelettes and grits).. but the beignets were everything. There are many places to order these tasty treats but definitely try out this cute little bistro on Canal Street with the self playing piano. They don't disappoint.
And the food came out fast as well.Good alternative to the other famous Beignet stop in NOLA. 
These were wonderfully cooked on the outside and soft & pillowy on the inside. I don't LOVE beignets, but these were pretty darn good. They also offer a good breakfast and lunch menu of local specialties. Wish I was hungry enough to try a muffaletta. 
Alton Brown featured this place on his show Best Thing I Ever Ate. Give it a try if you're in town.Sweet staff and great food and coffee. Go on a day with nice weather to enjoy their courtyard. Won't regret. The sausage has great smoking flavor!As a Californian when I think of NOLA I think of beignets, specifically from Cafe Beignet. During a 4 day trip to NOLA, my friend and I had these beignets at least once a day. They were so fluffy and delicious. These are a staple if you are ever in the area! Better than Cafe Du Monde IMO ‍Beignets? Yesssss. The food? Meh. We came here for lunch just to grab a quick bite to eat and the food was pretty much deli style type food. It was mediocre in my opinion. But the beignets here were very good and comparable to Cafe Du Monde beignets! We grabbed our own box of beignet mix here as well.Quaint, awesome and if I lived here it would be an every Saturday morning thing. We arrived before the crowd and was able to grab a convent seat before the onlookers stole them..lol! We ordered the cajun plate which came with home potatoes, eggs and bread. The potatoes had the trinity of vegetables and andouille sausage. Of course, you can't come here and not order beignets. They beignets were huge and covered generously with powered sugar and lightly fried. They were delish, filling and paired well with the coffee and chai latte. This is on our every time we visit list. There was a piano in the eatery that placed oldies but goodies and it was great over breakfast.Great place to have breakfast, the muffuletta was so tasty and satisfying. We also tried the beignets, accompanied with black coffeeThe beignets were amazing fluffy and crisp! I can't wait to come back for more on my next trip to New Orleans!Great beignets and atmosphere, but food could be better seasoned. It was a very crowded spot, but I didn't feel it was worth a return trip.After much hype from a friend I stopped in at Cafe Beignet to try their signature Beignet and coffee and was not disappointed.  These powdered sugar fried dough delicacies are absolutely wonderful and are worthy of all the hype.  I had the three beignets for $3.99 and a very flavorful cup of coffee to wash it down and was left licking my fingers and wanting more!
Relative to the restaurant itself it has a cafe feel to it and utilizes an open air approach with large doors open to the outside.  Inside and outside dining options are both available and there was a local Musician (not affiliated with the restaurant I believe) providing live music along the front sidewalk that was really quite good and added a lot to the enjoyment of my meal.  This was my  last meal before heading out on my return trip to Michigan and added one last memorable event to my New Orleans venture.
If you are in French Quarter and have never tried a Beignet this is a must try and this restaurant is the place to go to try this delicacy. Truly a special treat that is pure New Orleans and one that should not be missed.Quick service with a patient smile. My order was fresh and piping hot in a short amount of time. This staple of NOLA is a must stop. Grab three beignets and a coffee anytime of day. And don't forget to take some home for later you'll thank me.The best. Much better than cafe dumonde din my opinion. The daiquiri was the best I ever had... I can't wait to go back!!!AWESOME Beignets! Awesome Cafe Au Lait!
We tried Cafe Du Monde our first morning...blah! Waaaaay too long of a line for mass produced dry Beignets. Not a first great experience with Beignets. So glad we decided to give them another try and come here! You wait awhile for them to be served to you whether you order them to-go or for dine-in...WORTH THE WAIT! Perfection takes time people! They are made to order and are so hot and moist! 
Skip Cafe Du Monde guys, go to Cafe Beignet!We chose to go here instead of the other (more famous) Beignet spots due to their gluten-free options. If you are someone who has dietary restrictions, this is a great choice for you if your fellow diners want to try world-famous beignets.  They do not serve gluten-free beignets, but there are several delicious options other than beignets.
     I can't speak personally to the beignets, but my daughter said they were out-of-this-world delicious.  I ordered the mushroom omelette and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was huge and I could not finish it all, so you might want to share a meal if you aren't a big eater.  It also came with grits, which are generally not my favorite but these grits were doused in butter and cheese and all kinds of seasoning.  AMAZING breakfast here and the price is very reasonable.  
     We didn't have to wait long on a weekday morning in August 2021. There were limited indoor tables and outdoor seating.  Customers order at the counter and pick up their own food.  Dining area was clean; customers are required to show a COVID-19 vaccination card or negative COVID test 72 hours prior to ordering as per city of New Orleans ordinance.  Masks required inside while not eating or drinking.Very good ubicated and fast served breakfast restaurant. They serve quicky and you can eat in or to take, it is on the main street and with very good pricesMy sister and I went here for the first time and loved it!!!  We had the classic beignets and our minds were blownThe line is crazy long, but worth it! The beignets were even better than Cafe De Monde! The beignets are very fresh and doughy! Also amazing, the frozen au plait and the blue matcha lemonade! The Cajun hash browns were average! Staff was nice! With patience, this is the place to go!I ate here almost everyday during my stay in New Orleans. 
It was a 30 second walk from my hotel (JW Marriott -- 5 stars). 
Cafe Beignet always had a line out the door but was definitely worth the wait. Service was fast, attentive and extremely welcoming . The place has a lot of indoor and outdoor seating and is self clean up. 
Highly recommend the crawfish omelet, which was absolutely delicious.Some really good Beignets!!! Fresh and just as good as Cafe De Monde. Really enjoyed my visit.Delicious beignets, much bigger than the ones at Cafe du monde and there's more of a crunch to them which I like. Pairs so well with their black coffee. Cute cafe, clean with nice decor.We are definitely team Cafe Beignet. Cafe du Monde, who??  Definitely be sure to get the Cafe au chata if you're not on your way to work. Delicious. The beignets are so fresh, fluffy, piping hot, and mouth-watering.The best beignets we ate in NOLA hands down. Would highly recommend. Can't wait for our next trip to NOLA just to eat some more beignets!This place is great! The food was pretty good but the Beignets are amazing.  It is an outside patio surrounded by Jazz music. The Service was very good.   I definately recommend that you go there when you visit New Orleans.During my stay at New Orleans I came to Care Beignet to eat breakfast often! Compared to Cafe Du Monde the beignets are much more lighter and airy but have less powdered sugar. The interior of the place is beautiful and well lit- a beautiful place to take aesthetic photos! The location is ideal where you can go to Jackson Square in close distance. I also tried the crawfish omelette, royal croissant, belgian waffles and an iced vanilla au lait. Loved my experience and I definitely will come back here!Cafe Beignet was the third and final stop of our Beignet Crawl. We were so full that we decided to pause things until tomorrow. I ordered a small cafe au lait and an order of beignets. Both were delivered quickly. 
The cafe au lait was definitely more cafe than au lait by color and taste. I can't complain, but after having just had one that was more au lait than cafe, the first sip was eye opening. As for the beignets, I had read other reviews describing the outside as crispy. I found that to be true only in the slightest. Yes, I could tell a difference, but I probably wouldn't have noticed had it not been in my mind. They were really good and checked all the boxes for a traditional beignet.First time trying a beignet... and I'm in love. I have nothing else to compare this to, but all I can say is YUM. We also had the Cajun hash browns and the Belgian waffle. The wait was long but the food came out quick and delicious.Stopped by here before checking out to leave NOLA. We got in line about 15 minutes before they opened. Pleased to see the COVID restrictions being enforced here better than any other place we visited! They take your name and number at the door for contract tracing!
The staff is friendly and the food is AMAZING! The coffee is waaayy better than StarbucksThe breakfast sandwich is enough for 2 people and the beignets are heavenly! Would go back every chance I got, so it's a good thing I don't live here!The coffee and beignets are what you come here for. Coffee is quite good. 
 That is why there's a line. I would skip getting the other breakfast items here though. It was average . I got the Southern Breakfast and it was nothing to write home about. My husband's Cajun Hashbrowns were just just awful! These weren't hashbrowns at all. Look at my photo. It was sad. Just dry potatoes lol It was not what he expected at all. Anyway, on flipside, I was also happy to see they had sparkling rose for sale in a split, perfect for brunch, so there was that.
Overall, I'd say come for the coffee and beignets here.This was def the beignet winner ... I tried the famous Cafe Du Monde (see review) but unfortunately they were very dense and chewy. Maybe they had been sitting out too long, but that just means that I'll have to make another trip for a re-try!! Cafe Beignet was fluffy and airy but with some yummy crisp edges. Perfect in every way. And even better, when you take one of the tours that I previously posted about, the company may provide you a buy one-get one half off at Cafe Beignet! Does it get much better?!Beignet, done that! 
***
Are you even in New Orleans if you don't stop by a shop to get beignets? After seeing the line at Cafe Du Monde, we decided to try cafe beignet, and well it was the BEST DECISION EVER. 
The service is fast. 
The employees were friendly, and they even had frozen drinks to go along with our warm beignetsMy bf and I were just strolling to find something to grab and go until we found this cute spot.this place is a eye catcher..  Let's not forget they have a bar inside of it. 
Environment: this place is probably one of my favorite New Orleans themed place. When I think of nola, I want to think of this restaurant. It's so pretty. They have a electronic piano that plays by itself which is probably my favorite thing there. 10/10 
Food: we didn't realize a parade was heading our way, so we were kinda in a hurry and they had a line to get food. But they didn't have a line for the bar, therefore we went straight for the bar. Which turned out 10/10. Were definitely coming back here to try their food so we can have the full on experience.Absolutely a must!  The best beignets ever. The atmosphere is awesome and very excited it was the same place that we saw on The Amazing Race. Highly recommend when in new OrleansGet ready for long lines. 
Beignets were very dense, I think cafe du monde beignets are a lot better. 
Southern breakfast is so overpriced for the blandest breakfast I've ever had. Everything on the plate had zero seasoning.Yum! Tasty beignets and I actually liked my 'to go' French 75! Line moves pretty fast so don't walk away if you see a line; it's worth it!I love this place. I maybe biased, cause I been going here for years. This is a great place for the early mornings in the big easy by the French Quarter. I especially love them cause the food is good and they take credit cards. Not like that other place. It's good too. Don't get me wrong. Just we get more variety her bedsides just coffee and beignets. Service is always great and especially the food. Never had a bad experience here. They are busy but not too busy; where you have to stand in line for hours to get a table or cash only. No WiFi at this location that I know of. Parking is kinda hard tho. Have to walk to it on canal. No mask requiredThe food here is amazing, the most I've enjoyed breakfast in a long time. The crawfish omelette was amazing and so flavorful and tasted so fresh and healthy, who knew eggs could be that good?! As for the beignets, I tried beignets both here and cafe du monde and they were hands down better here...lighter, fluffier, less greasy, and more powdered sugar, I'm talking not even close. I also liked the environment much more, the jazz music playing inside and the cute cafe vibes all around, it really seemed to sum up the feeling of the city. So delicious and I would highly recommend itThe ONLY place in New Orleans to get light, pillowy? Decadent donuts from Heaven.  Try getting Beignets from anywhere else and the only thing you're going to get is a mouthful of disappointment and bitterness.   Even the food is deliciously delightfulOmg the beignets were made to order. Absolutely FRESH. I wish i ordered more! Classic Beignets.Delicious, hot and fresh, and do I dare say better than cafe du monde! I really loved these beignets and would certainly come back if I return to New Orleans. Prepare to wait a few minutes for your order as they are made fresh. But I promise it's worth itWas not impress at all! There are better Beignet spots in the area. The beignet was oily and blendBest beignets, better than cafe du mond 
Coffee was meh.  Will eat here again.  Long wait.  To go and dine in are the same line.Came here for takeout brunch with a bunch on friends on Saturday morning in early November. Line was quite long - probably 20 deep - when we got on and it was around a 25 minute wait to get through the line. I ordered a few items - more details below - but would definitely recommend the Cafe ah Chata, beignets, and Crawfish omelette.
Cafe au Chata - hot chicory coffee with a shot of cinnamon rum. Delicious and perfect for a cold day. Hey it's Saturday - I can have rum with my coffee!!
Crawfish omelette was so good! The little crawfish were all full of Cajun seasoning and a little kick! The sides were so so though - the grits were bland and kinda nasty but the garlic bread was quite good. 
I also had the Cajun Hash browns which were more like home fries but they were some of the most well seasoned home fries I've had. Sausage was mixed in with the potatoes and they were tasty (a bit spicy) but nothing to write home about. Side of omelette and garlic bread also came with that order.
The Beignets were super fluffy and moist inside - definitely one of the better ones we had so far in NOLA.Beignets are the best! Better than Cafe du Monde's! Also enjoyed the crawfish omelet.The atmosphere is really nice. Good music and cute decor but the food was not that good. I had the southern breakfast that included scrambled eggs that were dry and wayyy over cooked, bacon, grits that had absolutely no taste and French bread which was possibly the most flavorful part of the breakfast. The beignet was good tho! Wish it was hot but it was they were great.Delicious!! We had 3 different restaurants' beignets on our trip in New Orleans and these were our favorite  we got the vanilla cafe au lait as well and the breakfast sandwich. All were delicious and worth waiting in line for!Just wasted all my time walking to this place. Was turned away because I don't have a negative Covid test or vaccine card haha. How ridiculous. They should put somewhere on Yelp that they require those so people don't waste their time.This restaurant has the best atmosphere and the friendliest staff. Truly a gem hidden in the bustling part of canal street. The beignets were absolutely divine and the service was amazing especially the cozy atmosphere. Definitely a top five must visit in New Orleans.Come here for beignets instead of Cafe du Monde! While Cafe du Monde is an institution, they simply do way too much volume to serve each order fresh and hot. Cafe Beignet, on the other hand, is busy as well, but not so busy that they can't serve up some super hot and fresh beignets for you. 
I stopped by here on a Saturday morning and the line was out the door and backed up for a little bit. The line moved fairly quickly, but there is only one register inside, so having two could have helped speed the process up. If you order a coffee, you're supposed to wait at the counter for them to give it to you before being seated, but that kind of results in loitering/crowding, so it's not the best design.
I ordered an iced coffee and an order of beignets. The coffee was standard, nothing special, but the beignets were amazing. They were crispy on the outside and airier on the inside. Plus, since they were fresh, they were delicious! Nothing beats a fresh beignet.
I would definitely come back here to get more beignets (and possibly try other things on their menu).When in New Orleans, embrace the beignet! I want them every day while I'm in the big easy. My wife does not have the same view as I. Somehow, fried dough coated in powered sugar isn't her ideal breakfast. I read the Cafe Beignet menu, Not only do they serve Beignets for breakfast, they're also serving regular breakfast!
Huzza!
My wife & I walk into the cafe. In the other room there is a piano and it's playing New York New York?? That's putting me in the Beignet mood.  
My wife ordered a egg white special and as for me? Alton Brown says these are the best Beignets he ever ate so, I'll be having Beignets for breakfast again thankyouverymuch. 
The beignets being served here are warm and fresh. I feel like they're soft comfy pillows, I wanna wrap myself in a warm blanket and call it a day. 
The best I ever ate is certainly subjective. This isn't a Mikes or Modern cannoli or Ginos vs Pats! I'm from New York and there are no Beignets in a 200 mile radius to offer any type of comparisons. 
I smile and simply enjoy my Beignet knowing that Alton Brown made his choice. My choice aligns with Andrew Jackson. Musket in one hand and a soft beignet in his pocket, it's how he saved the south.
Viva la Beignets!