This got the job done without waiting in line for hours at Cafe Du Monde, but after going here I wish I didn't. They seem to focus more on prices and quantity than the quality of there food.  The beignets were good but too much honest bread with sugar is easy.The bartender thought my friend's and my NYS licenses were fake...and she claimed she accepted the other NYS ids before but "for some reason" she couldnt see the holagram on ours that indicates it's validity lmao. Anyways the NY licenses have been different for 5+ years already. Im not expecting you to check with DMV but there's other staff you can ask if youre not familiar, or let that lady next to you serve us so you dont have to feel accountable. It was just a lame experience for a 24 yr old in Nola lol. Jambalaya was good though. Then she had to point out after i finished that i technically couldnt sit at the bar if i didnt have ID lmao byeNo wait!!! Quick service!!! Better beignets!!! Same atmosphere without the crowds or rush. I've done the Cafe du Monde and now have a better place to relax & enjoy!!We picked Cafe Beignet over the usual Cafe du Monde as we were short on time on our way out of the city, and their line was far shorter. While the beignets were delicious, I felt like the quality was pretty comparable. My main issue? It took FOREVER for them to arrive. The place was busy, but really, no line and we still had a long wait for our beignets. I feel like our order got stuck behind orders of people getting more food than beignets... we watched the few people that were in line before us finally get their full meals and we sat anxiously waiting for dessert. Maybe it means it's just fresher because it's not such a production line? Eh, who knows, but we were short on time and didn't expect to wait 20 minutes for beignets. I'll try it again when we're not in such a hurry.After trying the beignets at Cafe Du Monde, I had to compare. The place is big with lots of indoor seating (and good AC which is what were needed after walking in that humidity). I got an order of the beignets (3 for $4). They were hard compared to Cafe Du Monde. I was a little disappointed but the inside was better a bit softer. I think I prefer their neighbors.I have never had beignets before but I knew New Orleans was famous for them so I decided to stop by Cafe Beignet in the French Quarter.
Right when I walked in I was impressed as it had a very pretty interior with white detailed chairs, chandeliers and live jazz music. The beignets themselves looked good but could have been presented better as it was only on a paper tray and looked like something you'd get at a food truck or carnival. They tasted okay, nothing special. They pretty much tasted like funnel cakes but in pastry form. I would go here again because of the location and atmosphere, not so much because of the beignets.We had the beignets(of course), french toast, an iced coffee, and a cafe au lait. Everything was delicious! 
Line seems long but it goes by rather quickly and it's worth the wait. The beignets were almost perfect: light and fluffy and covered in powdered sugar. The french toast was golden and cinnamony, not too eggy, and the portion size was good for two. 
I very much preferred the beignets here than Cafe Du Monde, which were super dense and doughy + way longer lines. 
I'll be back for cafe beignetLove love love this place! The beignet is so crispy and soft & paired perfect with my latte -- yum! The ambience open, fresh, and relaxing - especially with live jazz. The breakfast was okay - decent - not great, but that's not why you come here. Coffee and beignet - live music and the view. They have other things like muffins and croissants. Definitely will revisit them again!This was a disappointing experience, food was poor, server brought food after it sat on the counter until it cooled down... location keeps this place alive.Good beignets, but I preferred Cafe du Monde. After ordering, it was clear that people come here not only for the beignets but for the breakfast sandwiches as well. By the smell of it, the breakfast sandwiches are superior to the sweet treats.I thought this was pretty good. I knew I couldnt come to NOLA without trying beignets but I was not about to wait in that crazy line at Cafe Du Monde's. The coffee was good and the service was quick. I also like the live music and that the beignet was hot and fluffy.This is a beautiful restaurant that we stumbled upon almost accidentally. We were a party of 8 women for a bachelorette weekend, and were looking for a place close to the pickup location for our swamp tour. 
I love how open, indoor/outdoor, and festive the dining room feels. You can enjoy the great live jazz indoors, but also feel like you are a part of everything going on outdoors, the people-watching, parades, etc. There is only one bathroom stall, so lines can build up for such a crowded restaurant. This location has a full liquor bar, local beers on tap, and daiquiris. The bartender was really cool, too. Try the Moscow Mules!
As for the food, it was just okay. I ordered the crawfish omelet, which was pretty dry and dull, and didn't include many crawfish. It's a pretty casual, help-yourself restaurant; diners grab their own plastic utensils and condiments, coffee creamers, etc. The bride in our group was the first to order, and not until after the rest of us had been served, did a server come out to tell her that they'd run out of gumbo. They brought us some complimentary beignets to be nice, so that was cool.  
As for the beignets.... they were bomb! My favorite of the trip. Nice and crispy on the outside, but so soft and chewy on the inside. 
I'd recommend stopping in to sit at the bar for beignets and drinks!Disappointing. Fried donut with powder sugar. Reminded me of carnival food.  The omelets are just crap.  The bread and roasted Turkey breast is good. Overpriced on styrofoam plates and plastic ware.I was told that this place has some of the best beignets in NOLA, so I stopped by to check it out! I came after lunch time on a weekend, but finding open tables was still a bit difficult and the line moved very slowly. The prices are a little higher ($4 for 3 beignets) than Cafe Du Monde and Morning Call, and the beignets didn't taste as good. Mine were not very crispy on the outside and way too doughy on the inside, no air pockets at all. I guess the plus side about this place is that you can grab lunch and beignets for dessert all at the same place. There is also a bar with alcoholic drink options.  Maybe if I went to the more popular location on Royal Street my beignets might have tasted better? I'll give that location a shot next time.I went here because I heard they have Really delicious fresh beignets and the line at Cafe Du Monde was down the block. I have to say that I'm glad I came because the beignets were really fresh and hot and amazing! The atmosphere was also nice with a live music band playing and windows open to outside. Would definitely come back here.Very good placed in New Orleans. 
But the Café Latte is the worst I have ever had since long.Pretty tasty and short-lined alternative to Cafe du Monde. Breezy atmosphere, and outstanding iced coffee.Love this place.  Live music, bar and the freshest beignets.  Great open air seating not far from Bourbon Street.  Awesome ambience.I have to say as busy as they were the beignet  were so fluffy, they weren't oily like some of the other place   we tired. It was a big powdery sugary mess I loved every bit of it.  The icing  on the cake had to be  the locate band jamming out front.Huge, delicious Beignets and delicious coffee. Easier to get in and out of then Cafe du Monde but with all the same charm and deliciousness. This is my new favorite place for Beignets in New Orleans.The live music is a nice touch but the cafe au lait is horrible watered down swill compared to Cafe Du Monde.We decided to get out for a walk since it was a beautiful start to MDW. The weather was perfect. My lady wanted an appetizer and outdoor seating. I'd seen this place in passing so we thought it would be perfect for her request. Atmosphere is 5 star, for casual patio dining piano and bass player. My wife had the jambalaya and couldn't Stomach the taste. I thought she was overreacting but after tasting I thought the same, after 3 scoops max we finished our sweet teas and tipped the band. I recommend changing the jambalaya recipe totally or replacing it on the menu. It was mushy with a bad aftertasteAfter not wanting to deal with the Café du Monde line on a weekend, my husband and I wandered into Cafe Beignet to get our fix. The inside is old fashioned and charming. The ambiance is definitely better than du Monde. We placed our order for 3 beignets and they came out in probably around 10 minutes. The serving size was huge. These are bigger than Café due Monde and they're much heartier. I'd almost compare them to a fried dough, whereas du Monde is more like a doughnut. We really enjoyed these. We ate them with a knife and fork and polished off the last one with all the will we had. Is this a substitute for du Monde? No, I felt that theirs were lighter and crispier, but these are really delicious if you want somewhere nice to sit and eat some hearty beignets.Yummy beignets. Great price at $3.99 for 3 pieces. Love them!  Live jazz music atmosphere.I the land of tourists Cafe Beignet has the best beignets in New Orleans. Yes to some this is blasphemy but its true. The donuts are served hot and airy with just the right amount of sugar and no excess grease. Perfectly cooked. The coffee is a little underwhelming but the donuts make up for it.I prefer Cafe Beignet over Cafe Du Monde. Why?
- softer, fluffier beignets
- coffee was less bitter
- line is ridiculously smaller
We had breakfast here and it was delicious. I had the Cajun potatoes and would highly recommend it! Eggs were flavorless and I didn't enjoy them, but everything else was tasty. The bloody Mary's here were also delicious. My group thought they were the best bloodys we had on the trip.During our cross country trip we stayed about 30 miles from NO and decided to go have breakfast there and walk around for a bit. We found Cafe Beignet and decided to give it a shot. It was average. My daughter had scrambled eggs, they seemed a bit dry. My other daughter and I split a mushroom omelette. It was pretty small and tasted average. My son had the Belgium waffle, he seemed to like it. My husband had the crawfish omelette. He said it had a nice spice to it but again, it was pretty small. It wasn't bad but I don't think it was guitar worth $70. 
I can't have bread, I did appreciate that they gave me fruit in place of the bread.beineyaa! first time with a beignet! this place is great. live music, breakfast..  cant be wrong!The beignets at this place absolutely rock. Forget Cafe Du Monde , do yourself a favor and sneak in here for live scatt Jazz and perfect beignets. Red beans and rice were okay, but after all, to be fair this place isn't called Cafe Red Beans and Rice. Go eat!Meh! That's about all we have to say about Cafe Beignet... meh! It seemed we left with a bag of powder sugar and not much more. The atmosphere of this location left much to be desired... more with the meh.Ordered the Cajun Hashbrown, but it was SOOOOOOO disappointing.  First the portion was like 1/3 of what one would expect to be.  But it costs  $5.  Yet it came in a small bowl, and it was barely half filled.  The potatoes were very soggy, and the food was lukewarm.  We originally came in for beignets but that would only come as an order of three pieces for $4; and that's too much for me.  Will not return.Stopped in for a quick breakfast with my husband. The decor grabs you.. very beautiful.
We ordered only beignets because we were going to eat a big lunch later. Bad decision.. we should've definitely ordered more, they were SO GOOD!!! Along with my beignet I had a chai latte  which was also pretty tasty. I must say they give Cafe Du Monde a run for their money. 
Next time I'm in town I will definitely go back to enjoy a full breakfast. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is because of how slow the line moves. I think with just a little bit more organization the line would move along better. Hey it's a touristy area.. I get it, sometimes you're just going to have to wait. But when I see employees chilling behind the counter and I'm waiting.. kinda irking!What the hell is up with this place?  "Best thing to eat" per Alton Brown? Must have had a private experience,  cuz we waited for freaking ever for beignets. People were served out of order, and they had 1 person delivering food, DURING FRENCH QUARTER FEST...SERIOUSLY???
Never going back. The coffe kinda sucked too.Wasn't crowded, clean, awesome atmosphere. Oh yea and the Beignets were delicious! Wasn't too oily, and tasted like they were fried in fresh oil. Would definitely recommend.The beignets are Hot and fresh yum, great pecan tort as well, fast service with a smileWhy did I not bring any extras on the plane ride home?! Well.. to spare myself from looking like a drug addict. If you're too impatient like me, and can't wait in line at Cafe Du Monde, hop on over to Cafe Beignet for something equally as delicious, served up steaming hot.
Pro tips: exhale before your bring your face near those piping hot puppies. Avoid wearing black to avoid the powered sugar flurries on your clothing. Definitely wash your hands before and after indulging (this one should be a no-brainer). 
If the cafe au lait isn't your cuppa, ask the bartender to whip you up something nice. Thank you, miss, for your heavy-handed pours. I first thought $12 was outrageous for a mimosa but once I saw your ratio of bubbly to juice, I knew you were an angel from heaven.I prefer Cafe Beignet to any other. Their beignets are light and delicious.  Additionally the atmosphere is relaxed with nice indoor tables and music. I also like their variety of coffee. Make them your first stop for beignets!!Revisiting one of my childhood memories, we went to Cafe Du Monde. I remember beignets being a pillowy fried dough with a dash of powdered sugar. But my recent vist disappointed just a bit. But than again food makes me happy so I wasnt that mad. Thinking there is nothing is going to replace CDM... boy was I wrong! Cafe beignets is way better!!! They definitely lived up to my expectations. Soft, hot, pillowy fried goodness and that's what I got!I'm sorry. This place was absolutely beautiful...honestly I thought everything was so cute and picturesk....BUT I CAME HERE FOR BEIGNETS....AND THERE WAS NO BEIGNETS. And their breakfast meals are pricy and so little is actually given. I could have gone to a diner and got more food. I hate giving bad reviews I really do but.....this place was only pretty on the outside.For whatever reason we liked the beignet's at this branch location best. They tasted like a cross between a cronut, traditional donut and crueller all in one. We were told they are denser than the version at Cafe Du Monde and there was no way in he@@ we were  going to stand on that ridiculous Cafe Du Monde line.
The beignet's were so delicious that we ended up having two orders for dinner on our last night in New Orleans as we had a very late lunch that day.A friend said this Beignet shop was the go to when in NOLA. She said she likes it way more then Cafe Du Monde. 
Well I'm an equal opportunist and Cafe Beignet just so happened to be down the block from our hotel. So of course, we went to go check it out. 
The shop is very open. One side has their bar and their other side is where you order food. It turns out they sell more than beignets. My hubs and I opted for the beignets and an iced hazelnut cafe au lait. We paid. Got our table number and the waiting game began. 
Our drink was out in a jiffy and the beignets followed a few minutes after. The drink was so so. Decent coffee taste and a tad too much hazelnut, but drinkable. The beignets were a bit too crisp for my liking. They were light and airy like other beignets I've had. The powdered sugar didn't taste sweet either. Overall the beignets also seemed too oily. Needless to say, it was not MY favorite beignet spot, but they always had a steady flow in their establishment so that's a plus for them. 
Personally I recommend trying them and Cafe Du Monde so you can make your own decision on who wins this Beignet battle.One of the go to places in NOLA and it doesn't disappoint. Quaint outdoor cafe and very prompt service. You must order the Beignets but don't wear black because there is so much delicious sugar on them.Great spot in New Orleans.  The cafe was super cute and the beignets were cheap. It was $3.99 for 3 large. They were good but not the best. They were packed when we arrived so I am unsure if they were just rushing making them but ours were over cooked. They did have live jazz music playing which was nice. I would go again and give them another try.Can I say 3 1/2 stars ?  Good omelette and hash browns. Great beignets. But hey, you're in the New Orleans French Quarter so service will be S L O W. Enjoyed itReally cool spot in New Orleans. It says Alton Brown claimed this to be the best beignet in New Orleans. I don't think so, even though it's pretty good. I enjoy the space more than I did the food. It's an open restaurant, you can over look the French quarter streets anywhere from the cafe. There is live music and a full service bar available. It also feels classy, like a summer date night kind of place. The beignets themselves were a bit harder than I expected. I figure they'll be extra puffy but this is my first time so I had nothing to compared it to. Had I not try Cafe Du Monde, I would've rated this much higher. The cafe au lait is also much lighter than I thought. Cool experience though the way the cafe is set up and the live music is a plus. If you are in the area, there's no harm stopping in, just as long as you don't make this your only stop since there are better places around also.Fast moving lines. Lots of happiness here for all the senses. Especially delicious hot and reasonably priced plate of three sumptuous beignets!!!By far, the best beignet spot in New Orleans. Period.
The beignets are larger than Cafe du Monde and more fluffier and crisper, if that makes sense. We went later in the afternoon when the crowds dispersed toward Bourbon St.
The restaurant wasnt bad to get a spot and it comes complete with a bar. 
Best place to eat beignets!!Slow service but the place is very nice. The beniegts are delicious and their Irish coffee is off the chart. The bartender was checking and cleaning the draft beer taps and pouring beers and looking at them to insure quality, guy takes his job seriously and that is awesome.Hmm. I'm not sold on this place. I just wanted to give it a try to see if Cafe du Monde is really the best or if it just a tourist trap. Cafe du Monde is much better
I tried the beignets and a cafe au lait. The beignets were very dense and doughy(if that makes sense). They were just heavy. I was disappointed. I asked for soy milk for my cafe au lait and the guy used cold milk so that turned my coffee very like warm 
There was live music and it is a cuter ambience than the competition.Crispy and thin beignets. No wait. Good in a pinch if you don't want to wait on line at Cafe du Monde,  but the beignets pale in comparison.What a cute spot! There's plenty of seating (some indoors, and lots outside), a nice little ambience, and a good selection of beverages and pastries- including beignets. The staff was friendly and relaxed. My one complaint is that there were two flies inside, and the stickiness near the condiment and trash area probably wasn't helping that... although neither was the heat and the rain they needed to escape from.Quite possibly the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant. Disorganized is the best way to describe it. They had one person ringing people up, one person making drinks, one person bringing food out, and one person clearing tables. It takes an eternity to get anything done and that's why the lines is around the block. Our food was forgotten and took nearly thirty minutes to arrive, after we chased the waitress down about it two separate times. The food also left much to be desired. We got the crawfish omelette, Cajun hash browns, and beignets. The omelette and hash browns eggs were what appeared to microwaved, powdered eggs. So gross! The hash browns were also covered in a Cajun spice that was brutal. The only good part of the experience was the beignets. They were glorious.Best beignets better than the Dumonde hype.  They arrived so warm and fluffy and had some substance to them, others I tried were more likeI have been to cafe du monde before and its good but because it is such a huge attraction in NOLA sometimes it comes out so fast to me... I actually think that Cafe Beinget is better than Cafe Du Monde as they take their time with making each one and it comes out super hot and super fresh.Very good Beignets here and you don't have the long miserable line that Cafe Du Monde has.MEH! That's how I feel about this place - there's absolutely nothing special or memorably good. The one thing that I will remember is that I will choose Cafe du Monde's beignets over this place every time.  I had the ham and cheese omelette and my 2 companions had the Cajun hash browns breakfast and the crawfish omelette. They were all just alright and actually lacking in flavor. We all 3 also shared an order of 3 beignets. Yes, they were bigger than those at CdM, and yes, they had less sugar, but they were not as crunchy outside or as fluffy inside and 1 of them was still raw dough inside. When I mentioned it to the guy bussing tables he was gracious enough to apologize and offer us a replacement (which we turned down) and he explained that the guy working at the back is only on his 3rd day working there. To me, that just means they're inconsistent. I'm not coming back. There are way too many other food establishments in this city to try; Cafe Beignet was a $29 disappoinment.There coffee is delicious here but food not very good. The food isn't seasoned or well seasoned and it's way too expensive for the quality.Came here with nate and had a bengeey and it was fluffy must have just come out of the microwave lol loves the powdered sugar and tiles on the floor a lady sang be bop reminded me of turtles I'd be back if I came back againIt was very good. I can't compare their beignets to Cafe Du Monde because the line was too long at Cafe Du Monde. These were the first beignets I've had so they were fine. That said, I don't know what all the fuss is about. As one of the taxi drivers told us, 'Anyone who waits two hours on line for fried dough with powdered sugar on top is freaking nuts'.We had our first Beignets at the Bourbon Street location.  They had a great live Jazz band.  They were outstanding; light and fluffy.  After taking the river boat down the Mississippi river we sent in to this Cafe Beignet location and their Beignets were also outstanding, light, and fluffy.  We were also excited to try the Beignets at Cafe Du Monde because we heard that was a great place to go for them.  That was bad information.  We hated the Beignets at Cafe Du Monde because they were dense and not that flavorful.  We actually threw them away.  I'm so glad we found Cafe Beignet because both locations had outstanding Beignets.Great atmosphere with a live jazz band playing. Ordered a shrimp Po Boy, jambalaya, muffuletta and an order of beignets. After paying and finding a seat one of the cooks came out and explained they were out of muffuletta for the day and offered to substitute for something else. I chose the jambalaya. Everyone else got their food and I had to wait another 15 mins to get my food. When I did get it my food it was pretty terrible.This location was slammed, but seemed to be moving us along quickly. The cafe au lait was very tasty! This was my first beignet and it was tender and sweet. As for location, this is right in the middle of a busy area and near the water's edge.One of my first stops when visiting NOLA for the first time was to taste the legendary beignets that is truly an experience not to be missed!  
As luck would have it, we had beat the crowd and immediately ordered up a threesome of these delectable, pillowy squares of fluffy delights to indulge in.  They were yeasty and covered with copious amounts of powdered sugar. Love at first bite! 
Player piano in the back, the decor is cute and airy and bright and looked so clean. 
While the other infamous beignet cafe is close by, it is way more crowded and the visual appeal is better at Cafe Beignet and so we were told that here, they are made fresh and I believe that is key!Not really much competition for Cafe Du Monde. We stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday.  Prices were high for the portion size and quality of the food. Service lacked any passion or sense of urgency. Uncomfortable seating. The Beignets were hugely subpar to Cafe Du Monde. They had a hard texture and lacked flavor.  Overall a very disappointing meal.Recommend by one of the city tour guides and then saw Alton Brown had it as one of his favorites things.
I was not disappointed, even though it was a warm day ( ordered a cool mango margarita to wash it down ) I enjoyed the very hot heavily powdered sugared little squares of dough! Glad I didn't skip a tourist treat!Cafe beignet is good but its not Cafe Du Monde. I can't really elaborate on why other than than the taste is JUST OK.
The ambiance is nice. They had a bar and a piano playing in the corner. 
If I never had beignets, I would give this place 5 stars but I have too much to compare it toWasn't that impressed. Quality of the food was okay. 
I had a better beignet at another spot. 
The line was a bit long and was not fast moving at all.Came to compare the beignets to my favorite, Cafe Du Monde. 
Price: $3.99 vs $2.75 at Cafe du Monde
Seating: felt like the tables were crammed together more than Cafe du Monde. Couldn't even squeeze between tables here. 
Service: friendlier at Cafe du Monde
Beignets: these were more raised donut like in texture and taste, and thus a bit greasier. Cafe du Monde is a bit denser and fluffier. Maybe I'm just used to Cafe du Monde. 
Verdict: for the price and the texture, my vote would me for Cafe du Monde. However, if you brought me here and asked me to eat one, I wouldn't say no.Beignets AND atmosphere were better here than at Cafe du Monde. Beignets here were much lighter & fluffy inside. Plus Cafe du Monde packs just way too many tables/chairs together & is dirty. This place has a quaint clean atmosphere. Can say I ate at Cafe du Monde so now no need to go back as I will instead return to Cafe Beignet.Amazing breakfast sandwich on a croissant. Very filling & easily shareable. Stuffed with egg, bacon & cheese. Will be back!This line is much shorter than their very famous competitor, but it also moves a lot slower! We had about 15 people ahead of us in line, and we waited ~1 hour just to order!
Beignets are more expensive but they are not as good. They were super inconsistent with all their food. Their drinks are SO expensive and not worth it. Also the service is very rude.The beignets were hot and sugary just like I like them. The line was not long like cafe du monde and the service was nice and speedy. The place was small and quaint.The place is cute we enjoyed our beignets and coffee! But the staff was horrible, they act like stuck up hipsters and rush you to order. It was as if we were bothering them and they were sarcastic! New Orleans is a friendly place, this was the only place we encountered rude people.Seriously, better and bigger beingets than at cafe du monde. Same price, but fluffier and no lines!First beignet's for me and my hubby and they were delicious. The were fresh, warm and soft.  I know this may sound odd but there was too much powered sugar.  There had to be 1.5-2 cups on our order which consists of 3 beignet's.  They have a bar and you have to order your food from one place and your drinks from another - that seemed odd and just added to the waiting in line.They serve breakfast here all day & til closing. They have delicious French toast sprinkled with glittery cinnamon granules. Their bacon is fat and delicious. Not salty or skimpy at all. I tried the beignets here but have to admit there's another place in town where I prefer them more. It's a great breakfast place.
Hi Adrienne, 
   You DO breakfast better than anyone in the FQ! And your pricing is better & more affordable than your nearby competitors too. I love that! I had breakfast with you 5 out of the 7 days I was in NOLA, sometimes for lunch or dinner and at all 3 of your super convenient locations. Your side touch of green and peach melon is wonderful too and I love the little birds that come around. It's exactly like The Tuileries Garden in Paris just outside the Louvre Museum where those same birds will sit right on one's finger. I love it. Thank you for providing a delicious experience.After seeing the Cafe Dumond line we decided to keep going.. this place was recommended and after all, as tourists, we just wanted to have a beignet! Success! And delicious!Really enjoyed the Crawfish Omelette and of course the Beignets! Cool live jazz as well!Lots of hype before this visit, and I have to say, the beignets are great! I also got the Southern breakfast and it was fine, but nothing to write home about. I guess that's expected at a beignet place! We were there around 9:30 and had no problem getting a table and the atmosphere was great. Would definitely go again.The beignets are everything Alton Brown said they were!  Fantastic for sure.  Eats like a meal!  Fluffy yet dense on the inside, slight crunch on the outside and plenty of powdered sugar.  Tastes like an adult funnel cake.  The chicken salad sandwich on croissant had plenty of chicken and was simple and good.  Skip the shrimp po' boy - French bread was dry, not enough shrimp and shrimp were small.