The food here was good, but nowhere near competes with other restaurants in the French Quarter. We wandered in because we couldn't find anywhere else. 
It's unclear how you're supposed to find a table, but customers are just supposed to grab a table. There's a sort-of line that forms by the bar, but no one working there organizes it at all.
We sat down quickly, but I think it was just lucky timing because for the rest of our meal people were waiting to sit. Also, there's only one bathroom and it took FOREVER to use it. They seriously need to have more than just one bathroom.
I ordered the crab cakes florentine, which were really good. The potatoes needed more spice (aka hot sauce) but the meal was really flavorful. The chef cooked the eggs perfectly, but there was nothing to scoop up the runny egg with since there was no bread. My friend ordered the french toast and it was not impressive. Just a few slices of bread with cinnamon and some egg on top. Not filling or visually stunning. 
Our waitress was not particularly nice and seemed angry with us when we didn't want to order drinks. Many people did seem to have their food and then get a drink to-go as they walked around Jackson Square. 
I'd say you should go here if you're really hungry and can't find anywhere else. But otherwise, skip it and do the research for a better place.Spending the day in Nawlin's ... got hungry and stopped in for a bite.  The wait was extremey long (45 minutes, but everyplace else was also packed), and they passed menus down the waiting line so that you could order the moment you were seated.
Prices were very steep, staff were rude, bathrooms were horrible (tiny single stall), and they rushed us out the moment our last forkfull was on the way to our mouths.  Total times:  45 minute wait, 15 minutes from order to service, 17 minutes until we were clear of the table!
Not a place for good eats, or good service.Tourist trap.  Bland & boring food with inattentive waiters.  The fried alligator was pretty decent...but that was it.  Cocktails were expensive and not well-made (or even very strong).  Sauces were bland.
I save 1-star reviews for establishments where rats are dancing on the tables and the waiter spills a drink on you and then cusses you out for being in the way of their projectile liquid...so I'm not going to give this place a 1-star review, because it wasn't *that* bad...but it was pretty close.The location is ideal, being right next to Jackson Square. There are lots of tables so being seated happened right away for even our party of 6. The service was good. All of our entrees were fine, just average. No one complained but no one was raving either. My cajun pasta was tasty with a kick but not amazing. However, the blackened alligator appetizer was really fantastic and tasted so good, I considered giving a 4 star for that dish. I definitely recommend the alligator.A po-boy is simple. French bread, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, the stuffings and hot sauce. 
Don't expect anything more extravagant than that!
Even though you may be turned off from the combination of ingredients, you have to try it all together. It fits like puzzle pieces!
The crawfish po-boy here was beautiful. I loved it! It was simple, balanced and best of all, brimming with lightly fried crawfish.
I also recommend the alligator steak pieces. Actually, I'm not really sure what they were called, but it's Alligator something and it was AMAZING. I will probably pine away before I can get my hands on those succulent bites again, since it's not often you find them in MD or VA.
Anyways, I digress.
Good stuff.The bbq shrimp were great, flavorful, spicy and succulent.  Fabulous garlicky bread came with it.  A salad, a glass of libation and a great evening.Busy, noisy, risk being lost in the crowd but if you get your order you will love it. Of course this is New Orleans cuisine so get the po'boy, crawdad and andouille sausage were great choices. The place is historic and worth seeing since it is in Jackson square and chances are you will be in Jackson square anyway. Read about the history so you can appreciate the place before you arrive.Avoid! Great location with dynamic view of Jackson Square, but it has nothing else going for it. Lackluster food and service; no locals would ever eat here, for it is known as just a tourist rip-off. Pay attention to your bill, as they sneak in an obligatory 15% "service" charge.Service is terrible, food is ok, location is great (which is why the average yelp review is currently hanging to a mediocre 3 stars). 
I've been here many times. It's always about the same. Very convenient, as it's located in Jackson Square. The open window seating is great. 
The food is ok, not great, but edible.
The service is where the place needs serious help. One example: I sat at a table (this is a seat yourself type of place), and the table wasn't yet cleaned. The bus boy (old man) was rude about the situation and yelled "you need to get up and move so I can clean the water on the floor!"  Umm, ok? Maybe you should have a better system for cleaning tables? Or realize that the whole city is a little dirty and a little water on the floor would have gone unnoticed? 
Overall, management is the problem. No standard protocol, and not much training for their workers.It was an overall pretty average dining experience. The wait staff was friendly but nothing special but we got served very quickly. The location was nice.
I had the Cajun Combination (cup of gumbo, small-and I do mean SMALL serving of jambalaya, and red beans and rice.)
The gumbo was pretty good. I was happy with it overall. The jambalaya was pretty awful. You're better off making a box of Zatarans.  The red beans and rice were okay. I wasn't unhappy with them but I wouldn't go out of my way.
I wouldn't highly recommend but I also wouldn't turn away. I could eat here again.We went here for dinner tonight, before we went out to Bourbon street and the atmosphere was so fun! Cafe Pontalba is a little breezy restaurant overlooking Jackson square in the French Quarter. The food is amazing, and the staff is so sweet! I had to get the cajun combination with gumbo, red beans and rice, and jambalya! My three all time favorite foods EVER... and of course they were to die for :] We also had fried gator for an appetizer, and I hate to admit it, but is was so dang good! The perfect way to start your night!Not that great. We went for breakfast. The drinks were fantastic but the food....not so much. Everything we have had in new Orleans has been fantastic up until this place. Don't go here.  There are so many othet better places.Really enjoyed the blacked shrimp and fried oysters.  Great service, even in the middle of rush hour.Food was awful!!!!! Tarter sauce tasted old, gumbo tasted like air freshener, and even the salad was horrible, payed way too much for food that was uneatable, very bad experienceFive stars is not for the food because I did not eat there. Five stars for the open sitting area at night. Romantic setting! I'm gonna try the food next time Im there. Yeah I kind of look for certain environments when going out to eat in restaurants. I do hope the food is good as the atmosphere that I experienced.This is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans. I make it a point to get the combination plate with gumbo and Red Beans and rice. They are as good as you will find anywhere in NOLA. The atmosphere is great. We the doors open you can hear the sounds of Jackson Square. I highly recommend this to everyone.This was the worst dining experience of our entire trip to New Orleans.  The place is in a great location and looks fine from the outside, but the food quality is just NOT good.  Maybe it's because we had such great meals everywhere else while we were in Nola, but every single part of our meal was a disappointment.  The service was ok... a bit slow, and not terribly friendly.  I had a PoBoy which was just... lousy, and my wife doesn't even remember what she has (not because we had been drinking; he hadn't.  Just because it was terribly forgettable.)  
There are many other FAR-BETTER places to eat while you're in Nola, so please take your money there instead.  If you are considering Cafe Pontabla, INSTEAD, go down the street to 1109 Decatur and eat at Coop's Place, which is a much better restaurant with great food and great atmosphere!Dirty and gross. Stay clear. This was a friends choice for Sunday brunch. We got the last table for 4 tucked behind the ATM. The drinks were served in small plastic cups. I ordered the Cajun combo. The gumbo was ok, but way too much white rice and served with an empty crab claw. The jambalaya was awful rice with bland tomato
Sauce and no added meat etc. the only thing I liked was the crawfish pie as it had good creamy flavor with extra topping smothered on top.Average food, great location, small portion sizes and slightly higher prices. Move on peeps.You can't go wrong here. Great food and a good view of the street performers in Jackson Square. Try the gator, fried or blackened. In fact, do half and half; you can thank me later.Solid French bistro style brunch. Very tasty food. Great location, quick service, but limited menu. The crawdad omelet and French toast were excellent. No waiting for a table, unlike Stanley's across the square.  Nice open air seating with all doors to the street open, french cafe style, with views of the oldest Catholic church in the US.  We would eat here again.  Fast and tasty.  Bottomless coffee. Eat here and get on with sightseeing.My friends and I stumbled upon this place for brunch on our first day in New Orleans and all agreed it was pretty "meh." The best thing about this cafe is that it is located right by Jackson Square, but everything else was very average. The breakfast wasn't particularly tasty (we ordered jambalaya and crawfish omelettes with grits) and the portions were just okay for the price. But after a week in NOLA, we realized there are definitely tastier brunch options for your money all over the French Quarter!Currently here. Took 15 minutes to get a cup of water. Our waitress is extremely rude and threw our drinks down. My experience is already ruined before my food came simply because of the lack of service. If you're hungry go somewhere else.Bartender Eric was kind and helpful in a very timely manner- he immediately greeted us and was happy to help. Very relaxed environment and strong drinks- what more can you ask for? Looking forward to stopping by againI really love Cafe Pontalba.
Located at the corner of Chartres and St Peter Streets, overlooking Jackson Square, St. Louis Cathedral, and the Cabrildo Museum - Cafe Pontalba is a wonderful spot to take in all the action.
Cafe Pontalba is classic New Orleans. Floor to ceiling French doors with a large ornate marble and wood bar, with dark wooden floors. It also has extremely clean & well maintained bathrooms, which isn't always the norm in town.
Wait for a table overlooking the square. You won't be disappointed. These tables sit in the French doors, which are open rain or shine.
We love to show up there after the Noon rush to have cocktails, eat appetizers, and watch the show. Tourists, musicians, the homeless, wedding parties, physics, jugglers, a guy painted silver acting like a robot, and artists.
The cuisine is also classic New Orleans, but aimed at us tourists. The wait staff is very friendly and don't mind if you dawdle.
You have to put Cafe Pontalba on the "must do" list, when you visit the French Quarter.The best part about this place was that the waiter was very attentive to our needs. 
On the other hand it was very breezy because all the windows were open, which is okay, but the fans were on also, so I was freezing. 
I wanted to order a salad, but all they had was Cesar... so if your going to eat a Cesar salad you might as well go all out because Cesar salads aren't what you call healthy... 
So I end up splitting some red beans and rice with sausage plate with my friend... and It was like a heartache on a plate. Very good but oh so bad.... 
On a positive note my drink was strong (kettle one, splash of cranberry with a twist of lime) 
and they had the LSU vs Gators game on so I was pretty content. 
Although I probably wouldn't go back again.Breakfast- good view, good service, food was just ok. Listening to the street musicians was a major perk of this place.We had tried to get in a couple other places at 9:00 on a Saturday night.  This place had no wait, so I guess we should have known better.
The plus sides:  The view of the square is great.  We were seated right by an open window looking out over Jackson square.  We started with the blackened alligator, which was really tasty.  
The bad:  The rest of the food was pretty horrible.  The rice was all over cooked, so everything had this mushy texture.  We ordered the gumbo, jambalaya, and crawfish etoufee.  In addition to being mushy, it was all pretty tasteless.  My boyfriend put it best when he said it was like the cafeteria at an old folks home decided to do cajun night.
Our server was just fine, so we definitely didn't run into the service issues that some other people did.  But if you like food, don't bother.Loved it!! Service was great! Loved that the oysters were coated in corn flour instead of wheat flour... I'm allergic to wheat flour. Oysters were fried to perfection! My friend had the oyster po'boy & I had the fried shrimp & oysters. The meal was great! Atmosphere amazing!I was torn about whether to give this place one or two stars. Our dining experience was terrible terrible terrible, but you can't beat the location or the open air set up. It really is quite lovely to sit, quietly watching   Jackson Square by that ever-present flickering lamp light. And the interior of the restaurant is lush and lovely and oozes history. It would have been much nicer, of course, to enjoy these things while consuming, say, drinks, or food. After a certain point, I might even have settled for the smallest acknowledgment from any employee.
Sadly, that was not in the cards for us. I'll spare you the details but the gist is that we sat, totally ignored by all the staff, for far longer than is acceptable. Once we were noticed, we waited far too long for drinks and food. The service was terrible terrible terrible. 
The food (we both had red beans, rice, and sausage) was fine, though there was something slightly funky about the parsley garnish. Nothing outstanding, but I wasn't expecting outstanding. Given the size, location, and menu, I was betting on some adequate, tourist grade food, which is exactly what we got. 
So, ultimately two stars for the location, ambiance, and the fact that the food is not terrible. But there is not a chance in hell that I would go back. You can find something better.Total tourist trap.  I had an oyster po-boy which was just - not very good. - I've had much better in other places.  My sister had the red beans and rice, which she was not too keen on.  They did make a good hefty hamburger which my niece gulped down, so I'm giving them up to 2 stars for that.  The food did come out quickly which was nice.  In general it seems that the place has survived based on its proximity to the Cathedral, thus attracting tourists, but the food just isn't that authentic.This cafe has location going for it, but to the food, I say "meh". Tasted more pre-packaged than fresh. The shrimp po'boy, crawfish pie, gumbo and jambalaya were all disappointing. Very noisy. With all the great places to eat in the city, skip this one.Crab cakes with poached eggs are so yummy!we got right in the view was beautiful looking at the st.louis cathedral and Jackson square ,everything was served in a timely mannerThe alligator appetizer is delicious! Order it half fried and half grilled. It's so good, you don't even need the dipping sauce....but, the sauce is also good.
The Voodoo Juice drink is one my favorite mixed drink in New Orleans.
I like the location, which is right on Jackson Square by the Cathedral. Plus, the people watching is pretty interesting.
We've enjoyed all the classics-gumbo, jambalaya, red beans & rice with sausage. 
We will definitely be back!Claims to have the best bloody mary in the city. Don't believe it.
It just mix, vodka and a few pickled green beans and a lemon.
pathetic.I am still tasting the gumbo, fried and blackened alligator + jambalaya. And I ordered a soft shell crab po-boy to go for the plane ride home. amazing.  and the view of the St. Louis Cathedral and Jackson Square is wonderful, too.Breakfast was great, we even went two times on our vacation. As for the service, it was horrible. The first day I asked a waiter where we go to be seated, he gave me nothing but attitude and asked us what does it look like? And then pointed us to a table that was just cleaned. I asked nicely there was no need for the attitude. The second time we knew what to do, but our waitress had absolutely no personality, it really seemed like she just didn't care. I asked for water when we first ordered our drinks and I didn't get it until we paid. Every time she walked by I reminded her, but still had to wait. That meal we found a hair in our potatoes as well. It was pretty nasty but they were kind enough to take that item off the bill. And the last thing we all really disliked about this place was that they automatically put an 18% gratuity on your check. That service should not be tipped that much. Especially since it was so slow and it wasn't that packed while we were waiting for our food. If you don't really care about the quality of service then go here the food is excellent. Just check it before you start eating it.After walking around last night we decided to stop in and have a late meal. 
First thing that stood out was the friendly and attentive service. I wish I could remember the young lady's name but she was great. 
The beer was ice cold which hit the spot on the a hot night in New Orleans. 
Gumbo and shrimp poboy were very good. 
Not really a fan of the deserts but other than that will definitely be back.Bar far some of the worst food I've ever had.  I ordered the jambalaya, I've heard that it is a traditional New Orleans dish, and I was clear that it was not fresh and had been sitting out.  The rice was mushy and cold.  For the price it was not worth it at all.  I will go somewhere else for dinner to make up for the experience.Everything about the food at this place was mediocre.  We ordered the red beans and rice and cajun sampler, which included jambalaya, crawfish pie, and gumbo.  We also ordered fried calamari in case my daughter didn't like her red beans and rice.  First the gumbo came out.  It was decent gumbo, nothing special.  I ate it all and it was mildly spicy, but was not nearly the best gumbo I've ever had and this was my first time in Louisiana.  Then came the red beans and rice.  Once again it was okay.  The sausage was dried and it was smoked sausage not andouille. The flavor was rather bland.  Again not terrible just nothing special.  Blues City Deli back home in St. Louis is decidedly better.  The jambalaya was dry and lacking in flavor as well.  The Zataranes I make on my stove is better.  The crawfish pie was actually the best item by far.  Golden flakey pie stuffed with crawfish and the crawfish in a cream sauce poured over the top.  Nothing we had was insulting but I'm sure there is far better cajun food in the French Quarter. On a positive note the view on Jackson square was excellent.if only I could give 0 stars. service was terrible. food was terrible and cold. eggs benedict was not near what a benedict should be, bland and the eggs were hard. the only thing good about this place is the location.Loved the atmosphere. Sitting with all the doors opens listening to the activities in Jackson Square. Be prepared to not have a decent conversation, because it's so loud you can't hear yourself think. The food is good, would go again, but nothing that I would go out of my way for. Prices are decent for the Quarter.Loved the location right at Jackson Square. Quick service and we were out of here in 45 minutes. Shrimp Etoufee, Cajun combo, and Creole combo were all delicious. Jambalaya was the favorite of the table! Drinks were also fair priced and the cocktails were delicious! The only con was we couldn't split the check between two couples, but enjoyed it for a quick meal as we explored the city.If I could give it a zero star I would. Wish I could also tell you how the food was. But after sitting at TWO tables and getting no service for 20 minutes, we had to leave. Shitty people. Shitty service.I love the location of Cafe Pontalba next to Jackson Square. I really came here for a Cajun Bloody Mary and it was well worth it! The menu looks great as some breakfasts that I noticed while walking to the beautiful bar. Next time I'll eat instead of drinking my breakfast in The Big Easy!Came here once during our honeymoon. Not sure where the negative  reviews are coming from but I had of the samplers and loved every bite. Would definitely come here again if we we're staying longer.Skip it and walk down a few blocks for better food and service! ...
Went with a few family members as we visited, each had the FLAVORLESS Shrimp Po'Boy.
They used stale, hard bread, and the shrimp were rubber.
We asked for some mayo and seasoning to flavor it, but all we got were dollar store style mayo packets and small packets of pepper .... very unprofessional for the price charged.
Don't see myself returning.A wonderful location, right on Jackson's Square, but the food.... bland, underseasoned, and the grits were more like soup. The shrimp omelet was lacking on sauce, but not on shrimp. The decor is cute and can get away with looking old by claiming history. The waitress was friendly enough for the morning, and it gave easy access to the rest of the places we wanted to go.My favorite place in NOLA. The sweet tea is awesome. The Jambalaya is great. The Crawfish is amazing. A must go if you're ever in Naw' leans.Service and food under par. They capitalize on their location and forget about the quality of the food and service. Do not order jambalaya, dry and  tastes like nothing.Wouldn't eat here again. Small portions for the price. Food had zero flavor and the service was nonexistent. We never had our waters refilled nor did our waiter even check on us. I doubt the voodoo juice had any alcohol in it and the jambalaya was dry and was a small serving for $16. Disappointed that we had lunch here.The standout here was the crawfish pie. The creole was good, the pasta was solid and well prepared, the drinks were good. I would go back again and again for a crawfish pie.The food was mediocre at best.  I was with a party of 6 and one of my friends wasn't even served until after we had all eaten and then the food was much too salty to eat.  It seemed one waitress was handling the majority of the over crowded restaurant.
Bathroom was very nasty!  Poor experience here.  Too many restaurants in New Orleans to have to stop here again.Our waitress was very knowledgeable about Gluten Free menu items (I have Celiac Disease, so GF is not an option for me), and the blackened shrimp I ordered were really great.  This restaurant is right next to Jackson Square, so it is a bit of a tourist trap, but so is most of the Quarter!there was a long wait, but it was dinnertime and there was a party of 12. what else would you expect from a middle-sized establishment?
pontalba is a milestone restaurant for me because it was crowned as the first place i ever got to try alligator. and blackened, at that. it was AMAZING. and seriously, it really does taste like chicken.
for my main course, i had the ragin' cajun pasta. for a first dinner in new orleans, this hit all the right spots. gulf shrimp, andouille sausage, and crawfish tails simmered in a spicy cream sauce and served atop a bed of fettucine. if that doesn't win you over, check out my picture of it. the pasta also had a little cup of parmesan with it, but i found that i didn't need it. the meat and seafood was generous and the cajun heat was exactly what i was looking for. all food came with garlic bread, and it was honestly some of the best garlic bread i've had: thick chunks of french bread, buttered up real good, with garlic and chives sprinkled on top. MMM!
i've also included a picture of the seafood platter, which a friend of mine got and just couldn't even put a dent into it because there was so much goodness. for $19.95, you get fish, shrimp, oysters, and a crabcake. all fried. with fries.
our waiter mickey was incredibly helpful, and the chef even came out to answer questions, but the removal of a star is due to the teeny and really kind of gross bathroom. there is one stall in a TINY room, with toilet paper all over the floor, garbage overflowing from the bin, and the sink had wads of paper towel in it. really?? this was especially shocking because the restaurant itself is pretty nice. i suppose you can't win 'em all.
so basically..enjoy the food but opt for a different lavatory.Pros: 
Location
Waitress is friendly
Open windows face to the crowded street
Cons: 
Worst Coca-Cola I had 
Shrimps are not fresh
Sands in gumboI'm always a little wary of restaurants located right in the French Quarter. Because it's SO touristy, restaurants don't always have to work very hard to produce truly quality food because most people don't know much better. Tourists are easy to please, I guess. 
Located right off Jackson Square, Cafe Pontalba is convenient to lots of sight-seeing spots, which might be the only perk it really has. My friend and I were wandering around, looking for an affordable dinner. (Quite a difficult feat in this part of town, ugh.) Cafe Pontalba's prices were reasonable, so we stopped in for dinner. In hindsight, I should have just fronted more money for a better meal but you can't always win.
I got the Crawfish Étouffée, thinking I couldn't leave NOLA without eating some étouffée! It was suuuuch a bummer. It was one of the blandest, most spice-less meals I've ever eaten. I was STARVING so I ate it, but I did not particularly enjoy it. My friend got a crawfish po-boy and we both agreed it was also very so-so.
This place has no official closing time. We stopped in at around 7:30 on a Tuesday night and it was almost empty. There were two other tables seated and a couple of people at the bar, though most of them seemed to be the restaurant's employees who must have already finished their shift. The bar had TVs with games on, so I guess it might be a nice place to catch a game, but I wouldn't choose it. Like I said though, it wasn't particularly late but you would have thought we stumbled in at midnight judging by how exhausted our waitress seemed. I waited tables for six years and I know how exhausting and tireless it is, so I do always try to be sympathetic, but she just wasn't particularly friendly or helpful. Our food came out really quickly, which was nice, but our waitress was not super attentive to our table. 
It's not that this place is bad, but there is nothing impressive about it. In a city with such incredible food options as New Orleans, there really isn't any excuse to eat just so-so food. If you want good cajun or creole food and a quality dining experience, I highly suggest you look elsewhere.This wasn't our best experience. Waitress was much more interested in talking to staff than helping us. Got a chicken sandwich and partner got seafood platter. Fries tasted like they were made hours before served. It was 8 pm on a Wednesday night. Not thrilled. Chicken was ok and platter was ok besides cold stale fries. Wouldn't probably go back.Ended up walking into this place New Years since everywhere else had long lines. I had to admit at first site I was worried about the food. We were so hungry that we decided to just take the risk. I am so glad we did as we loved it so much we came back twice during our stay.
Their Jambalaya was wonderful and portion was just right. It had the perfect amount of spice. My boyfriend ordered the crawfish combo and he loved it. The next day we ordered their crawfish po boy and that was great as well. The only negative was their bread pudding it could have been much better.
Service was wonderful both times and that is saying a lot since for some reason New Orleans is not the place to find southern hospitality. 
I would definitely come back here if I am ever back in NOLA.Food was awful, there were bits of shell left on my shrimp in the etoufee and the shrimp was undercooked. The bar b que shrimp my partner got was not deveined, the entrails we're still there. The staff couldn't recommend anything (now I know why), and the service was slow. We waited 40 minutes for our check, and then got charged for a dish we didn't order. Avoid this place at all costs. Worst experience of or NOLA trip.Great place on Jackson Square!! Excellent atmosphere and people watching in The Quarter. The service is good but its The Big Easy, so don't go if you expect 5 star. Friendly, and prompt, which is all we needed. I was hung over so I have Red Beans and Rice and some bloody marys. Food was delish and I left w a buzz. Prices are good for location and good food! Will be back!Great place to sip an Abita and people-watch Jackson Square.My mother in law needed to use the restroom in Jackson Square. The sign said that restrooms were for patrons only. So I decide, "I'll kill two birds with one stone. My wife and I will get a beer each, and my mother-in-law can use the restroom."
The functional end result was $8 spent for a dirty pay toilet, two Abita beers, and the absolute worst attitude I have ever seen from a restaurant service employee ever.
The beer choices were Bud Light, Miller Lite, or Abita (which is Cajun for donkey urine, I think). I went with the donkey urine, with it being the best of the options available.
My mother-in-law comes out of the restroom and tells the bartender that the restroom was disgusting and the toilet would not flush, she wanted to make sure that someone knew. His response was to the effect of "I don't use the women's restroom, and I don't fix them." Then he continued to berate my mother-in-law in the open restaurant regarding how dare anyone talk to him like that. I was within ear shot of the entire conversation, and there was nothing wrong with what she said.
Then Frank, the bartender, continued conversing with a blonde waitress at the bar regarding how they hate when customers tell them something about the restrooms being filthy.
No patron of a restaurant deserves to be treated like she was. Standard customer service response is simple. "I'm sorry to hear that. We will have someone check it out as soon as possible. Thank you for bringing it to our attention." Not some tirade over how you don't use the ladies room, that you don't fix restrooms in general, that you won't tolerate being treated that way, and how you are entitled to treat patrons like that if you feel offended that they pointed out that the restroom was broken and unsanitary.
I invited my mother in law and wife to leave the restaurant and tried to no avail to talk Frank out of his self-righteous tree. You simply don't treat customers like that, no matter how much you do not like them.
My suggestion? This is the worst pay toilet in New Orleans. Other reviews speak to the quality of the food. You be the judge whether you can or can't find 100 better places to eat, drink, or go to the restroom in a 0.2 mile radius.Good service on Mardi Gras! Atmosphere is busy as you would expect. We ordered Alligator blackened, stuffed mushrooms and Red Beans and Rice. Food was average. We live in Louisiana and have had far better.So disappointed in this cafe. For starters our server Kate had the personality of a slug. No smile, no kind words, she only spoke when it was absolutely necessary. The server brought 2 plates with ice cold fries. The french bread requested for the red beans and rice was bought out with globs of ice cold margarine. Overall food and service was absolutely sub- standard. Most definitely will not return.This place was just average mainly based on our server who was rude.
Greeted with if you want breakfast you don't have time to look at the menu as I need to enter it now. Felt rushed and after 2 times of saying I needed to look, I just responded I'll order from the lunch because I just don't know. I had never been there.
Husband ordered a spicy sausage poboy which he said was good. There was an extra charge to add cheese and this was not communicated up front. I guess because we were so rushed.
I ordered the Cajun pasta which had good flavor but you could tell seemed mass produced. So much sauce just poured over some noodles.
This places get business because of location to Jackson Square but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.This place was amazing! I got the crab Benedict and it was so delicious. Not only was an authentic nola meal but it truly filled me up. The staff was so sweet and attentive although it was packed. Definitely will be coming back here!Super crowded, but great atmosphere.  This restaurant claims to be in the oldest apartment building in the United States, so it has this great old-style feel to it.  The walls are pretty much floor to ceiling window-doors (don't know how to describe them, but you get the picture, I hope) that they keep open so sometimes a bird might join you for lunch.  It's right next to Jackson Square so you can also hear the lovely musicians performing right in front of the Cabrildo.
The food is great.  I had the blackened shrimp and absolutely loved it.  The servers were all friendly, too.Nothing exciting here. The food was good and quick. The location is nice and we didn't wait at all for a table on a Saturday night.WARNING: 15% Gratuity Will Be Added For Parties of 3  
Unconscionable adj. referring to a contract or bargain which is so unfair to a party that no reasonable or informed person would agree to it. It is similar to an "adhesion contract," in which one party has taken advantage of a person dealing from weakness.
We ate here Memorial weekend. When our bill came we discovered a 15% gratuity was added. I'm accustomed to paying gratuity for parties of usually 6 or more, but 3, three, thres, trois?!?! 
Service was below average.  I wasn't even escorted to the restroom. (No joke, there are restaurants in NOLA that will escort you to the restroom (ie. Commander's Palace & Mr. B's)). 
Cafe Pontalba does not get 2 stars because of the 15% gratuity.
It gets 2 stars because "Meh. I've experienced better."Don't do it!  Don't spend a dime in this place.  Even though they're in the perfect location, right on a (relatively) quiet corner of Jackson Square, they seem to have everything going for them.  Yet, the service is weak, the food is weaker still, and the prices are high for what you get.  The location and the ambiance will get you to eat here once because it just looks so right; but I guarantee you that you won't go back.  This place is the quintessential tourist trap - why would anyone go back?Great little restaurant right on the corner of Jackson Square. I ate dinner here my first night in NOLA, and the big, fat barbecue shrimp hit the spot. The doors and windows were all open, letting the warm air flow through. A perfect spot for a late winter meal.We loved the service here. Our waiter was one of the kindest, most attentive servers we had when we visited New Orleans.
However, it didn't cancel out the food.
The historic story of the building that houses Cafe Pontalba (take a History Tour for that story - it's a fun one!) is rich and beautiful, but unfortunately, the food at the Cafe is not.
I had crabcakes that were much more cake and much less crab. They were semi-warm, which is something you never want for seafood, mushy, and just overall kind of boring.
The presentation was sloppy - I've seen better plating at a Waffle House.
My partner had a spicy pasta dish, that was so bland he took about four bites of it and said, "Let's just go somewhere else."
The food really was that bad - we left Pontalba and went elsewhere. We'll not be coming back.What a fantastic introduction to Cajun and Créole cuisine; jambalaya, gumbo, rice & beans, I LOVE YOU ALL. Delicious food. Service was incredible and efficient. Location, outstanding. There isn't that much ambiance to the place, but the great food alone makes it worth a visit.The cafe is a great spot to catch a meal while people watching. They open the side windows, have the ceiling fans going on full blast, and have rows of tables along the windows. 
Definitely a good spot to catch some breakfast and a cup of chicory coffee. I had the jambalaya (didn't want it in an omelet) and it was flavorful and filling. Fiancée had the French toast and enjoyed that as well. 
Good spot - would like to go back and try this for dinner some day.The crabcakes here were definitely better than the ones i had in Maryland! I was a bit disappointed with the gumbo though
They definitely have the location advantage, you can listen to the bands playing around Jackson square if you get a window seat in here. A bit on the pricier sideThe oyster Po Boy tasted good until I got to the crunchy shrimp tails in the batter and something that had the consistency of paper. Decided not to finish my sandwich. I let the server know who told the kitchen. They still charged me the full price for the meal. They're right on Jackson Square - so, they don't need to be very good to have a stream of customers. Also, all their draft beer was down because their draft system wasn't working. Eat at your own risk.Zero if I could. So far, I've had to locate a server only for a buss boy to seat us, and then had to locate a server to seat us, finally, he couldn't even get our drink order right. Bye. When you travel, you want food AND service. This place provided neitherCame straight in and sat at the bar. Had delicious shrimp creole, jambalaya, and calamari as an appetizer. The bartender was one of the best I've ever had! He gave us great service, suggested other restaurants and bars that we should try during our stay. We had an amazing dinner and would recommend to anyone!Visited Cafe Pontalba due to their close location to Jackson Square. Location wise with open doors to the sights and sounds of the square it provides great people watching however the food was mediocre at best. You can tell they tailor to tourists and given their location overall if you're looking for something to really epitomize the tastes of New Orleans I'd keeping looking if you want something convenient while visiting the square maybe just grab a drink and enjoy the people watching.