Delicious out of the world beignets that can be washed down with the awesome coffee. It is a great tourist spot in the middle of the French Quarters and the seating are ample inside and outside. The service is fast but you have to speak up and get a hold of a server since they are super busy. But the servers are very friendly and the beignets are fresh, hot and delicious!!Very good beignets and solid cafe au lait! I have always wanted to check this place out and it has lived up to the hype !!!!!
Great place for a quick continental breakfast and also good for afternoon treat to give you a little energy!Great beignets and great coffee.  Quick service.  My only "complaint" was the noise of the boisterous staff.  It appears to be mostly young waitstaff who think that working there is one big party.  Maybe it is!  But we just wanted a quiet breakfast.Best beignets in New Orleans. The dough is just magnificent and they supply unlimited powered sugar. Don't forget to try the coffee! The notes of chicory is to die for. However, don't be surprised when you have to wait 20 minutes before getting in. This place is popping 24/7. And for a reason!We obviously had to go here on our trip to NOLA. It was fantastic, especially the beignets! The coffee was also great! It's definitely a staple of New Orleans, and you've got to stop in when you visit!This place was surprisingly not that crowed, me and a friend found a quaint table near the french doors and our order was taken immediately. We both ordered a serving of beignets, she also ordered a small carton of milk. The beignets were dense but fluffy at the same time (if that sounds right, lol). They were sweet but not too sweet, just right! They also serve the beignets with a small glass of water.All I can say is, wow! The beignets here are just amazing! The lines seem super long but for some reason no matter how far back you are on the line, you will wait no longer than 15 minutes to get your beignets. Pair that with their coffee and you've got yourself a tasty treat! Hot or iced, their coffee is bangin. Definitely recommend!Historic spot told by many to visit but I will be honest a little too much hype. Beignets were good with some cafe Au Lait and atmosphere was good - note it is ALWAYS packed so little advise find a seat ASAP even if table is not clean and wait for host to come by. EnjoyIf you never have visited, then you need to. It is a must. Open 24 hours a day. It is a little confusing when you would like table service. I dont understand how the servers, keep track. It is also strange that there are a ton of people working, mostly just sitting. It weird. But the beignets are delicious!!  It is definitely an New Orleans staple. I would not recommend using the bathroom, GROSS!!The best French donut ever!  Can't believe this place can sell only one food item only! And very successful. Definitely will come back to here next time! Just look at the line of people waiting outside! LolI was excited to come here and show my family an experience of a lifetime. It's not to often that a family trip happens and it's not cheap either. If I could give this place negative stars I would. The food is good but the servers are incredibly rude. Choose a different location!!If you enjoy donuts and have not tried a fresh and properly prepared beignet from Cafe Du Monde, you are missing out. A beignet is a square shaped pillow of a donut made of deep fried choux pastry. It's buttery and sweet, and employs moisture to steam and rise the pastry while cooking, resulting in a tender donut center. Beignets are refined donuts in that they are very light and sprinkled with powdered sugar, as opposed to being thick, cakey, heavy, and glazed. This cafe serves them so piping hot, they can be too hot to the touch. 
Some reviews complain about long lines and pastries that were not fresh. I have dined here several times and never had these issues. It is true that the seating and entire environment is not the most attractive, but there is a charm in this iconic and casual location. I cannot fault that the place is busy or that sugar litters a few tables because the beignets are absolutely delicious. I have tried various beignets throughout California, and have found not one that remotely compares to the ones here, even when made from the Cafe Du Monde beignet mix.
Freshly squeezed orange juice is sold here too.Overrated.  Crazy busy and not that special.  Yes you should walk by it to see it and know it, then head to their location on the river walk inside the outlet mall: it has tables outside on the patio overlooking the river and is peaceful instead of stressfully difficult to get service.The line is crazy but the beignets were good. They were a little smaller and chewier than the one at Cafe Beignet but still very good and comes out piping hot.I can honestly say everyone hypes this place. The only thing I would say is try it because it's just a nola thing (you have to stop by just to say you did it). I was warned that it wasn't good but I still decided to see for myself. True enough the warnings were right. The beignets were dense and heavy and not light and fluffy. They didn't taste fresh although the bag was very hot when I received them. I wouldn't get them again, but I wouldn't deter anyone from trying them. Also I had no idea that it was only beignets and coffee served. I was under the assumption that it was a full cafeA place everyone in NOLA needs to try. A bucket list cafe in a bucket list town.  Beignets. Sweet sugary fluff pastries that are indescribably good. Enjoy!Cool experience. The beignets were solid, but I could not see myself waiting in long lines for them I definitely agree that they are over hyped. The cafe au lait was a good cold treat after walking through the FQ. We sat inside and our waiter was not that friendly but I do give him props as its extremely chaotic there. Not sure I would come back since theres so much good food elsewhere but definitely worth it as a first timer.  The plus was that they are pretty cheap with three beignets about fist size for under $3!So good. I love his place super cute, quick service great prices great atmosphere. Highly recommened. Cash only.Went early Saturday morning around 7:30. They were not open yet so we waiting in line. Once we were allowed to sit outside we had to take the chairs off the table ourselves... Pretty gross.. 
Service is quick but unorganized. I was glad I got to visit though. 
The beignets are amazing so is the frozen cafe au lait! They have coke products and organs juice as well. I would like to visit again if I stop by.a must do in NOLA - great for people watching as the night wears on!  Beignets were very similar to funnel cake....but we tried it!Delicious and irresistible! Walked over on a rainy day with my boys and experienced no lines. Their house coffee with milk is delicious. A little on the sweet side but good. You can either sit and eat or take to go!This place gives me so much life! Not only are their beignets to die for, their coffee hits the spot. Always a must-visit when you're in New Orleans! Just make sure you're not wearing dark colors. Powdered sugar EVERYWHERE! But that's part of the fun right?Why is this place popular? Long lines, bad service, and they only serve coffee and beignets. The only upside is their location. And the restrooms are disgusting. Find another place to follow tradition.Hard to believe this has so few reviews and be such an institution. These are the best beignets in town. Far better than any other in the quarter. Cafe au lait too- yum. We always visit when we are in the quarter.UrSooooooo Delicious ! 
This place is landmark for a reason ... Simple menu . Delicious beignets !   And great for people watching ^_^Beignets were amazing but the service is no stars!  We waited for service and couldn't even get their attentions! DON'T sit inside!!! Take out had a long line but at least you get to eat.This place is definitely over rated. The line was short but once you're in the cafe it's every man for himself. You grab a seat and hope that your waiter will come soon. When our waiter finally came, no acknowledgment or smile whatsoever. My first thought was, " You must hate your job." When we finally got our beignets and cafe au lait, which I read about all over yelp and Pinterest, my expectations were high. Wrong! I was so disappointed. The coffee was watered down and the beignets tasted like a funnel cake with a butt load of powdered sugar. Nothing special. These are the places that you just need to try once and go on your sweet way to find something that's more worthwhile to spend your money on.So have already heard a lot before I even landed NOLA this was definitely the place I headed out first. The queue was till the road pathway but was quickly moving. The beignets were one of the best sweet food items I have encountered so far. Fried doughnuts with powdery sugar at the top was tge perfect blend. Was definitely worth the popularity of had and a must place to visit.
Food: 10/10
Service: 8/10
Ambiance: 7/10Don't waste your valuable time in here. The place is overvalued. Dirty and overcrowded all the time. Also, the beignets in here are not that good.Always delish! There's usually more sugar than necessary but that's quite alright with me!!! One is tasty and twos a meal-I cannot put all three down myself, but it's great to share :)Yummy beignets and iced coffee. We stopped here after visiting The Presbytere. Great treat! The beignets were warm and fresh and the ice coffee was the perfect drink to wash it down. Love the location too, right in heart of Jackson Square. Come by on your trip to the big east!Maybe it's a tourist trap but regardless I would willingly return back to this place.
The atmosphere of live jazz playing in the background, the hectic hustle of the workers, the hot hot dough of the beignet tearing as you bite into it and the sweet powder falling all over your face and onto your lap is what New Orleans mean to me now. One of the better food I've had here.I'm surprised at how a restaurant serving just one thing to eat can become soooo famous...., we had coffee, hot chocolate and beignets.... Everything tastes great....
There is always a long like but since they serve just 2-3 things it's pretty fast moving...SO GOOD!  I'm obsessed with their begneits (sp?)!  BUT they only take cash so make sure to bring cash or you will have to head over to the atm machine across the street.Delicious beignets, 3 for 2.50. They where hot & fresh. A must try in NOLA. Check out the fountain behind the building....Gross.  Gross. Gross.     Just look at the floor.  Holy cow.  How can this pass any inspection.??    Coffee.  Burnt. Bad. Nasty.  Period.   Donut thing?  Gross.  Cooked in what?   The effluent running down the street?   Price? Haha. Ridiculous.     Just save your time and your health and just say you went.    Pathetic.No trip to New Orleans is complete without a visit to Cafe Du Monde.  We lucked out and only had to wait a couple of minutes before a table was available.  
The cafe au lait and orange juice were good, and the beignets were tasty, but really, that much powdered sugar is just insane.  We left at least 3/4 of the sugar on the dish.
We also managed to complete breakfast without choking on the powdered sugar, so that's another win.Must go to place in New Orleans for cafe au lait and beignets.  Definitely not the best beignets or coffee we had, but it was still good. The service was quite fast- as soon as you sit down, someone is there to take your order and your food comes quite quickly.  It is cash only! 
The beignets did not seem to be the freshest.  They came almost immediately after ordering and were not warm.  They were also covered with about half an inch of powdered sugar.  I tried to scrape it off, but it was oil soaked and was a little difficult to remove.Love New Orleans and love Cafe Du Monde. It's a pain to visit early in the day, but the afternoon no line and hardly a wait! We were able to have a delightful snack! It is definitely a must see in NOLA.A must do!!! I prefer Cafe Beignet, but this place is an institution. Go late in the night and you'll avoid the crowds.Great time. Food and coffee were hot an delicious.  Quick service, table was clean. So glad I got to come during this trip.The coffee and hot chocolate are nothing special, but the beignets are a must have when visiting New Orleans.  So hot and loaded with powdered sugar they are like nothign else.Cafe du Monde is a New Orleans Institution and even after living here for a while I always crave some beignets and milk! It is really tourists and crowded during the day. A little less crowded during the week but the best time to go is at 3am after hitting up that bars on Frenchmen or Bourbon Street! It is very relaxing then and a perfect night cap.
If you are going to go during the crowded touristy times, go to the To Go window and get your beignets and drink of choice( mine is milk) and eat it in the square or on the riverfront. Make sure and take a bunch of napkins also because you will get powdered sugar ALL over you! But it is worth it because that are amazing!Great place to reenergize after a lot of walking. Lots of seating, background music from talented street musicians. The black coffee (not as strong as I imagined) paired well with the beignet (not as sweet as I thought). Be prepared to get powered sugar on you even if you don't go in.   Well worth the experience for touristAhhh, it is a plate of 3 pieces of sweet, sugary, warm doughy fried goodness in your mouth and fingers. Its quite messy, yet absolutely finger-licking good! These beignets are heaven! The place was packed and the line was long going down the block, but we only waited for about 10 minutes. The line goes by fast as its a quick eat- your-3-beignets-and-go type of place. Our waiter was very polite and committed to great memory of all our coffee orders. He even gave us a few extra beignets! ;) I recommend the large cafe au lait or coffee with chicory! It's strong, but so good! Definitely a "must go to" place for the best beignets in New Orleans. And Definitely well worth a cheat fail in your diet. :)I sampled these beignets and the ones from Cafe Beignet down the street. While the difference was only slightly discernible to me, I think I prefer these because they are less savory and the powdered sugar seems to stick better. The frozen cafe au lait was a nice treat to cool off during the hot sticky weather. Share one plate of 3 if you and your beau are moderate eaters-these babies are thick.The cafe is always busy, which isn't surprising. 
The beineits are very good. They remind me of a tastier, fluffy funnel cake. 
The hot chocolate was creamy and yummy. It also came at the perfect temperature. 
Be aware that this is a cash only business, but there is an ATM across the street.Great first time experience. The beignets were amazing and the coffee was spectacular. Its a must do when in New Orleans!!!Disappointment describes my experience here. Maybe it was a bad day. If you've ever had the tube biscuits that you can get at the grocery store fried up and powdered, we used to call them a poor man's doughnut when I was a kid, that's what these things tasted like. Heavy, greasy and buried with powdered sugar. The place and the tables were filthy because of all of the people with it being a touristy site. The table server seem to be more concerned with making sure I didn't run off without paying her than actually getting my order right. There has to be much better places to have a beignet  than here in my opinion. I was going to buy a T-shirt just for the hell of it and it was directed to the takeout window. I'm still not clear as to what all did not transpire but I left without a T-shirt.Wonderful coffee and beignets. They had 3 for $3.00 with lots of flavor. The service was ok. It was super packed. Price is decent. You must visit if you are in NOLAPlace lives up to its reputation, tasty beignets with tons of powdered sugar. Went around 10 pm on Sunday. Place was crowded but short wait.Long line to sit or to-go, but who wants to enjoy powder-covered yummy goodness on the go?! Take a sit, enjoy the food, enjoy the feel of NOLA, use lots of napkins!TIP: If you're coming here for he first time on a busy summer day, I hope you know that it is open seating so don't get overwhelmed by the crowds, just find a table that has their check and wait by their table so you can get theirs when they leave! When I came we were served very quickly and got 2 orders of the beignets! They were fresh and very good! Definitely a must if you're in the French quarter!The beignets were amazing. My mouth is still watering thinking about them and I hate doughnuts so that says alot.Huge tip: go and sit down without waiting. You don't have to wait at all. The people on the line is just following the pack but basically as soon as you find a seat, you can sit and not wait for someone to seat you. That's where the entire line is confused because the first person on the line is constantly just waiting for someone to seat them. Nope. Go and sit where you can.
Beignets are whatever. Coffee is whatever. Service is whatever. 
Why this place is so popular is just herd mentality and hype. I suppose if you just need to do something that everyone else has done whilst at NOLA, do it.Good times: great people watching, friendly staff (there was a young guy who was super friendly to us: helped my little 5 month old and I get to a sink to wash our hands), yummy fresh beignets, and great cafe Au laits).  Must do when you're in New Orleans.Gem of the city. I actually came down to Cafe Du Monde twice during my visit to New Orleans and I'm so glad I did - not only for the delicious beignets, which was doughy and served warm with powdered sugar and pair perfectly with their cafe au laits, but to also enjoy some people watching in Jackson Sq and to hear and be in the midst of the pulse of the French Quarter. 
Sometimes tourists draws can be disappointing, not so with Cafe Du Monde, the place is bustling with visitors and natives and the price is right for indulging in this treat. Also definitely grab your beignets to go and sit on a bench or stairs to people watch and listen to buskers sing and musicians jam.The visit to Cafe Du Monde was a must have experience. The Beignet's were good. However, in my opinion they are overrated. I have had better Beignet's at Grand Luxe in Long Island NY. I feel my experience was just okay and the taste of the Beignet's were just okay. It's something to do if you visit NOLA!Cafe DuMonte is the place to go for a late night snack the Chickory coffee is phenomenal, the Beignets outstanding. The same great taste that I remember from  the Sixties. A must for anyone visiting New Orleans.Drunk? Hungry? Stop here for some powdery fun fried puffs. 
Then you will be a little less drunk and a little more powdery :)This is my go-to spot for hot chocolate and beignets.  The combination is divine.  The service was great and we took some beignet mix home so we can enjoy them in between visits.Known for it's beignets and coffee I tend to like this place more for its historical appeal as well as the people watching made available in a densely traveled part of NOLA.  I could sit here all day with a few cups of coffee and just watch locals and tourists interact with one another.
Being Vietnamese, I find the beignets remind me of the "paired" fried breads you can get in the mornings with dim sum or noodle soup.  When I was younger, my grandfather used to pour me out a small plate of sugar and dip-away I would...  Fried bread and sugar... Sound familiar???
Coffee here is also good, although not great.  However, I am definitely more accustomed to Vietnamese coffee (Cafe Sua Da).  That's not to say I always enjoy my coffee incredibly sweet, however.  I typically like my coffee strong and black and sometimes sweet.Definitely a must when visiting NOLA. The beignets come in threes and cost a little less than $3.00. They are delicious and covered in powdered sugar. The freshly squeezed orange juice is an excellent choice as well.Must do in New Orleans. The sugar is everywhere and you will probablyl inhale it. Get an order of beignets per person. It's a cheap in in NOLA and well worth every minute of your wait.Beignets - o how I fell in love with them after my NOLA trip. They are soooo good! There was a long line for table seating but there was also another long line for the take out area. I think we definitely got seated faster than if we were at the takeout line. We ordered a plate of beignet which came with 3 of them, a coffee, a café au lait and a hot chocolate. I had the café au lait and that was so tasty but nothing can compare to the beignets. They were warm, chewy and not too sweet which is the perfect dessert for me. Service was also really good here. I am not even a huge dessert person but the very next day, we went to another Café du Monde inside the outlet because I wanted to eat more!!The line was not long at all (10mins for us). We really like the beignets and the coffee. Great little afternoon snack.One of my favorite, must go to places.  Delicious as always. Friendly staff and the live entertainment are worth while.  Could sit and watch for hours but others need a place to sit too.What can I say about Cafe Du Monde that hasn't already been said? I went SEVERAL times during my visit, and I would happily visit several more times.
Listen, the thing is that you really can't go wrong with decently fried dough and powdered sugar. It's messy and delicious and everything you want it to be.
This place *is* busy, but I wasn't too bothered by the wait. Also, I know everybody is here for the beignets, but I really enjoyed the coffee as well.We are early risers and went at 5 am when there was only one or two other couples in there. We felt rushed and like we were imposing. Again, the place was EMPTY!!! Seats and seats for days and days. I couldn't understand why we were so pressured to order right away. I said no, just coffee for now, and she comes back with the coffee and says something about ordering the beignets just a few short minutes later. Fine, lady! It was rude. Also, the milk tasted like it sat out for too long and it killed our stomachs after a few sips.Cafe Dumode for fresh Beignets! Happy tummy anytime of day! Seating is outside under the open porch. The fresh Beignets are lightly dusted with powdered sugar. It is a warm treat for all.Excellent, the only negative side is that they told me not to take pictures of the working area even though it is just in front of the bathroom entrance and I was in line. I would quote less than 5 for the way I was told but it would not be fair for the rest of the cafe that was amazingHow can you go wrong? I got there at 8:00AM and they were already open, even though the website, yelp page, and signs say they open at 8:30. So get there a bit earlier if you can. I also went on a Wednesday, so the crowds were significantly more manageable and overall a bit friendlier/easy-going. Get a cafe au lait with beignets and you can't go wrong.This is probably blasphemy for me to say but It seems like a cafeteria that only serves donuts.  The people who work there are like a conveyor belt serving the beignets and coffees.  Not really a whole lot of personality-just a hot spot for tourists.
Oh-how it works if you are new: if you find a table just sit down and someone will eventually come over to you.  They will either clean your table or ask for your order.  There is no frills for your coffee-it is a conveyor belt.  
You can also order it take away but beignets aren't terribly easy to eat while walking around.Being in New Orleans, I had to visit. I did the the to go option and was in and out in about 10 minutes. The Beignets were just right. Crispy on the outside, doughy on the inside and covered in powdered sugar. I had opted for the cold milk instead of coffee since it was late at night and it was the perfect choice. The beignets melt in your mouth and definitely a must if you want the NOLA experience.I was able to stop by Cafe du Monde for the first time during a recent trip to New Orleans. I got pretty much what I expected in terms of decor/atmosphere: the seats and tables were dingy, the service sour, and the whole place was overflowing with tourists. These issues quickly became irrelevant once I bit into one of their beignets. There is a reason this place is so popular - these may be the best donuts I've ever had. Fresh, hot beignets washed down with a decent mug of coffee (black to cut the sweetness, of course) = easy recipe for success.OMG!!!!! I could eat these everyday!!! Make sure you go here when in New Orleans. It's atmosphere is so full of life and happiness. Yummmmm beignetsBeignets are good, worth trying when you visit at least, but not mind blowingly awesome.  I didn't like the orange juice doesn't taste that fresh, prices are pretty good in my opinion.Great Beignets!! A beautiful fried donut served in 3's. Ordered our to-go from the counter and the bag was filled with powdered sugar. Best bites are when you keep dipping the beignet into the sugar as you eat it. 
Great location too, right by Jackson Square and the river front!First time in NO, so had to do it. Totally worth it. A nice break from the day topped by a sax player out on the sidewalk. A cool breeze, great coffee, a hot chocolate, a fabulous beignet, and some music. Perfect.Beignets and coffee after hitting up the Napoleon House for dinner. I didn't even have to wait in line.