A must-stop, oyster lover or not. The green and yellow tiled, and I mean head to toe, interior is gorgeous. It's from another time and totally unique at the same time with beautiful first-generation flourescent light fixtures that make it very bright but still warm. The same people have been serving and shucking since before I was born and the food is really pretty great.A culinary highlight of a culinary city. This is not a stuffy experience; very down-to-Earth with reasonably priced, "simple," but utterly fantastic food. Oysters are the size of your palm. Soft shell crab platter was so good, I probably could have had four of them. Slightly off of the tourists' beaten path, but if your center of gravity is in the French Quarter, you won't regret taking the trolley out and/or strolling down Magazine street (which you should do anyway). Not to mention, they had the UConn game on. Do. Not. Miss.Without question the very best oyster loaf in town. Good raw and chargrilled too. Service can be hit or miss but generally very good.Forgive me: I'm not an oyster person. But I have the highest standards for gumbo and fried seafood of all types (except oysters - blech), and I would happily eat Casamento's gumbo and fried shrimp loaf - half-size is plenty - every day for the rest of my life. Crab claws - also five stars. Cokes in glass bottles - another five stars. Get there at 11 o'clock sharp so you don't have to wait.Today must be my day for negative reviews, for starters, they were to open at 11:00. We  arrived there at opening , because we heard it does a lot of business. It was cold, raining , and after 11 and they wouldn't let us in, the staff would show up , then they would lock the door behind them.
 I was getting a bad vib, almost left, wish I would of.
Walked in to a ice cold restaurant, got a seat at the back , and wanted to order a bunch of thing off the menu to try, then I went into sticker shock when I saw the prices. This place is a hole in the wall, in an out of the way area, and on street parking. 
Like usual, the service was slow..... started watching orders come out, the portions were tiny, they still hadn't TAKEN our order. 
THANK GOD ! they ONLY ACCEPT cash ! we found out by the small print on the back of the menu...no sign up front.... on average , for 2 , the bill is 50.00!  really?
But they were nice enough to Dutch door you, by having an ATM in the front.
The oysters came out, no ice, and they were tiny , expensive!
The shrimp plate was more like a glorified appetizer, I was hungry a couple hours later.
Really don't understand the attraction to this place, must of been in years gone by, but if you want fried seafood, I have had way better in lots of places.I don't know much about oysters, but this place is an Institution.  The menu is modest, just seafood bread and fries in combination.  I think they have a salad too.  Not the cheapest but not out of line with any other fried seafood platters in the city.My favorite poboy in NOLA. I would tell anyone to go here and make sure you're hungry!!! It's only open during the season so you have to be careful with that. It's small so expect a wait. But well worth it.Go for raw oysters and that's it. Cold French fries, flavorless seafood and an owner with a bad attitude. Such a shame the ownership has let Casamentos go down the tubes.My family of four and I came from Houston, Texas to this restaurant because of all the Food Network reviews, but I was a little upset when my waitress placed the bill on my table. The taste of the food was great, but the service wasn't worth the almost 20% tip that my waitress added to my bill. I've worked in the restaurant industry for years, and I believe it is illegal for a waiter/waitress to add their own tip. My family and I were sat at a small square table with no room to move at all; and our unfriendly waitress only came to our table twice. I always tip generously and encourage others to do the same, but this service wasn't anywhere near a 20% tip. Will not return.Casamento's Restaurant
4330 Magazine St, New Orleans, LA 70115
http://goo.gl/maps/7wHBv
Casamentos is one of the better known oyster houses in Nola. The small establishment is located on Magazine St and fills up quickly so get there early. They offer raw oysters and plenty of fried dishes as well. They are especially known for their "loaf" sandwiches featuring oysters and shrimp. 
Parking is limited like anything on Magazine st so plan on walking for a block or two. They open not so promptly at 11am and fill up by noon for the lunch crowd.  The staff if mostly friendly and quick to bring beverages and entrees. We shared raw oysters and gumbo and both were tasty and plentiful. I had half an oyster loaf and it was tasty and delicious. Be sure to get it fully dressed and then add ketchup and lots of hot sauce.  Overall it was a good time and we all left satisfied. Ill definitely be going back again. 
Urban CowgillUnassuming hole in the wall with delicious seafood. Very appreciative of a restaurant that makes gluten free deep fried seafood. The catfish was tender and melted in your mouth. Best charbroiled oysters. Line can be long and only open sometimes but worth the wait.This is an ok seafood spot on Magazine famous for their tile interior and decent to great oysters.  The main drawbacks to this place are that they close for the Summer (usually from May-September) and they only take cash so it can be a bit of a hassle.  They are a bit unique in New Orleans for not using French bread on their oyster loaf and instead use some stuff akin to Texas Toast they call "Pan Bread" (I also get irked that they seem to eternally be out of creole mustard as that is what I like on mine).  It has seemed more inconsistent in quality over the last few years and there are certainly better places at better prices but it's unique tiled interior makes it worthy of a visit just to see a classic New Orleans oyster bar.For no other reason go for the oysters on the half shell and the made to order sauce. Fantastic. Gumbo is ok and the fried fish and shrimp are fried fish and fried shrimp, but the oysters and the red sauce are the best.We rolled in for another snack during the earlier legs of our food tour (read: get something in the stomach before the heavy night drinking commences).  Upon walking in, it took several minutes to flag somebody down to help us, despite it being fairly empty.  Even once we did, they still did not offer to seat us, so we instead chatted up the oyster shuckers and had them just serve some straight oysters.  After the mix-your-own cocktail sauce ritual, they started dealing some of the largest oysters I've ever seen.  When we asked the name of these mutant oysters, they simply answered "Louisiana" -- easy enough.  Their resounding characteristic was the sheer amount of meat, with fewer nuanced flavors than your average $3 a pop raw bar oyster.  That being said, it worked out to be slightly less than a buck an oyster, so you can't be too upset about that.  If it weren't so hard to get the employees attention, I would have felt much better about my experience.Unfortunately never got to try to the food but the experience left much to be desired.
Was in town from Chicago and was HIGHLY anticipating visiting this place due to the great reviews but mostly because it meant I could FINALLY eat gluten free fried seafood in NOLA!
We planned to have lunch here on the day we were leaving town since they are closed Sun-Monday so planned our last day around showing up here on a Tuesday for lunch since they open at 11AM. We even went to get cash since it's cash only from the ATM and walked around the area waiting for it to open.
At 11:05 we walked into the restaurant and we were told they were not open yet, that the door should have been locked - they were waiting for the waitress, but we could wait inside and check out the menu. They were really friendly and we had no problem waiting.
However as we waited in the front area of the restaurant, my husband spotted a 2-inch cockroach on the wall behind me. We are in NOLA - yes there are huge bugs. I figured hey, it's a roach - even though I would normally freak out but I really wanted to eat here. My mouth kept watering at the menu offerings and we were told it would only be a few more minutes. However, the roach eventually made its way onto the ceiling and only missed falling on someone's head by a few inches. 
BUT the worst part was as we waited for another 10 minutes or so, we spotted another 2 equally sized huge roaches joining the 3rd one on the ground. They were not afraid of people and were just crawling around the floor - all the while fresh oysters were being delivered & shucked in that same room. Health code violation??
At this point, we decided to not continue waiting since we could no longer eat here with any peace of mind. I couldn't even imagine what was going on behind the scenes where the food was prepared if 3 huge roaches were out in plain view in broad daylight in the front area of the restaurant.
We left  -- saying we would come back when they were ready to open (at this point it was around 11:30AM already). We were extremely disappointed to say the least - and quite disgusted. I guess if anything I'm glad they weren't ready to serve us because I don't know what I would have done had we ordered/received our food then saw the roach madness. Again, the staff was really friendly but I don't think I can ever give this place another try given what we saw/experienced.Can anyone explain the fuss about Casamento's? I got the oyster stew and half an oyster loaf. Unremarkable and definitely not worth the wait and odd hours.This place is a dirty little hole in a wall place where older people and hipsters like to go. There are two smallish rooms with formica top tables. The containers of horse radish on the tables are a little bit crusty and gross. Nothing here is super clean, and everything here is old. All the fried seafood is gluten free, just make sure to say "no cread". The cornmeal breading is by far the best gluten free breading I've had. All the seafood inside the breading is really good, too. There are also raw oysters and a pretty good beer selection. Their seafood platter was really 3 meals for me, and still good cold, so not a bad deal at all. This place is open weird hours so check befor you go. Cash only.Best oyster experience ever!  First of all the decor- the tiles are amazing.  The fresh oysters were sublime and the shucker flung one in my mouth from across the room for some added excitement.  The grilled oysters were simply ridiculous.  Best ever.  I loved the vibe, service and foodCame here s few years ago and it was delicious. Decided to come back with the kids. Not a good experience at all. The line was long which we expected, finally got seated. We were starving. Then we ordered chicken for the kids and they didn't have it which was on the menu.The food was terrible.... All of it... The bill was well over $100.00. Not worth the time or the money spent at all. The place really is filthy and there were gnats flying around the condiments on the table. The best part if the entire dinner was our kind waitress who stepped in for a rude one that yelled at my husband for sitting down while we were waiting. She didn't seem to care that he had a broken foot and that there were not a lot of seating options. Anyways, I have to say this was one of the worst dinner we had experienced in a long time.ummm...y'all, I may have a problem.  We went to Casamento's 2 Fridays in a row and now I want their gumbo every Friday.
I want to be one of those old ladies who dines at the same place every day and gets the exact same thing.  It has now been 2 weeks since I ate at Casamento's.  We'll see if I make it to a month without going back.
If you see me checkin, start planning the intervention.Went there for lunch. After standing in line to be seated, a local told us that their fried seafood is out of this world. We ordered some fresh oysters, a grilled shrimp dinner and a fried catfish dinner. Both dinners come with French fries (like 6 of them) and toast. I wanted to get gumbo instead of fries but was told it wasn't an option, so I just got it separately- it was the best part of my meal. The oysters were HUGE and they were opened right there at the front of the store. A unique piece of the experience was that they hand bread and fry in a kettle every dinner to order. The shrimp was ok, nothing unique. My catfish was also nothing to rave about. After It was advertised so much by the local, I was expecting much better. Get the gumbo!Such a cute place. The shucker is at the middle of it all with a big muddy pile of fat, fat oysters. High ceilings and amazing ancient fluorescent lamp fixtures, shiny tiles 8ft up the wall, and a floor from some other universe. Service is pretty bad, and I have nothing good to say about Gulf oysters in general. Fried crab claws are not worth the novelty, but Barq's in a bottle is.
Looks closed from the outside if there's no line, which there probably will be. A long one.
Cheap.Whoa, the size of NOLA oysters are ridiculous!  We recently visited and were told this place was a must see.  Very casual and friendly atmosphere and easy to get into for lunch.  We sat next to the oyster guy, who shucked our two dozen oysters with ease.  He even sent me some "special sauce," which was basically cocktail sauce with horseradish and squeezed lemon juice.  Interesting oysters...they are huge, mild in flavor, and kind of watery.  We also had the fried oyster sandwich, dressed of course!  Yum!  Definitely go here if you are visiting for a NOLA local experience.This place is great if you can't have gluten and crave fried seafood. My husband has Celiac's disease and had their fried oyster and fries with no reaction at all! I had their gumbo since I do not eat fried seafood, and it was very good. The interior is not pretty. I think the place used to be a shower or something because the floor and walls are tiled with stainless steel hooks. It is not a date place, but the food is good.Sorry to give this restaurant only two stars but the oyster stew was curdled. At least the waitress took it off my bill. The oysters on the half shell were very good.GLUTEN FREE!!! 
Every delicious item except the chowder (I think) was available gluten free, because they don't use wheat in their batter! Amazing find.
I got the chicken, my husband got the fish. Both were tasty. 
Bring cash! Highly recommended.Is there an "r" in the month you are currently traipsing through?  Are you in NOLA?  You need to head here for oysters.  Or soft shell crabs.  Or oysters.
Reasons you should love about this place:
* They use a cornmeal breading for all of their fried food, so, awesome if you have wheat or gluten issues - plus, it tastes better than the flour fry
* It's on Magazine Street (and only a couple of blocks from Planned Parenthood - holla!)
* They had Robb Walsh's book, Sex, Death, and Oysters prominently displayed underneath all of the famous-people-signed t-shirts (Houston in the house!)
* The food is very good, if you love Gulf oysters (ersters, if you listen to Ella and Louis)...and you should love oysters no matter who you are(!) or how you pronounce it
* The bathroom is through the kitchen, past the gumbo and oyster stew and and andCame here at 7 on a Friday and waited about 25 minutes to get seated. Food was pretty tasty and reasonably priced: we tried the crab claws, oyster stew, oysters on the half shell, and a few of the fried dinner platters. The low rating is because 4 out of our party of 5 got really bad puke-your-brains-out/I-feel-like-I-have-cholera food poisoning the next day. I know there's an inherent risk in eating raw seafood, but we ate off of different trays of oysters and almost all got horribly sick. Completely ruined my weekend; will not be back.I had a half trout loaf and half shrimp loaf. They come on a special white bread not French bread. While we were eating, famed Mississippi restauranteur Robert St. John showed up to dine there, so we knew we were in the right place.Long wait but worth it.  Hidden gem.  HUGE oysters.  Very local.  Lots of mud which makes it pretty authentic (i guess).  Good place to take people from out of town to have a local feel.My wife and I have eaten here a dozen times and never been disappointed. You will wait in line for a table, expect 30 minutes minimum. It's about more than the food here though. The history and ambiance of this very small restaurant are intoxicating to me. We ate a couple dozen oysters waiting in line at the bar. Mike, a champion shucker, kept us company while we waited with some really plump and terrific gulf oysters at $11/dz. I usually get the oyster loaf dressed and a cup of oyster stew. Today was no different and I can highly recommend both. Nothing fancy, very straight forward and simple but perfect in it's simplicity and perfectly executed. We've had and enjoyed the fried catfish and the gumbo on past visits. This is old New Orleans at it's best. Long live Casamento's!!!!!Oh my I don't even know where to start. This place looks like just a plain old diner but there is nothing plain about it. Even tho we ordered simple food, it tasted like nothing we've ever had before. We were on vacation and I had seen this place on Food network so I knew I wanted to try it. We started off with raw oysters. They tasted great, I just wish they cleaned them. Then my mom ordered the oyster soup, omg that was so amazing. I ordered the oyster loaf and even tho it just looks like fried oysters on bread, it tasted so yummy. There was some secret flavor in there some where and the oysters were fried so perfectly. I never liked fried oysters until this sandwich. I have mom a couple of bites and she ended up having to order her own. I would definitely recommend getting it dressed which means lettuce, tomato, and I think onions. The staff is so nice, I even went to say hi to the guy shucking the oysters and he just kept talking to me like we've been friends forever. Kudos to him for shucking all day every day they are open! That's hard work!4/5 only because this place isn't open ALL the time - it really should be.
Always busy, always high quality oysters. When I think of my favorite oysters in the country, I think of Cassamento's.My husband saw this place on one of the food shows so we decided to try it out. When we arrived there, we had to wait in line for about an hour before a table became available. This place is pretty small and old. Apparently, not a single thing has been changed since it originally opened. The cash register is the most ancient thing in there. They don't even use it to calculate the ticket!  It is used to just hold the money. Ok back to the waiting part. While you are waiting for a table, you can order drinks and/or raw oysters and eat it at "the bar" while standing (no stools to sit on).  I don't know what to call the area. It's like a bar area but not really if that made any sense.  We ordered a dozen raw while waiting and Mike (one of the fastest oyster shucker out there, he has trophies to prove it!) made his special dipping sauce for us. My husband loved his signature sauce but I didn't find anything too magnificent about it. I think it was horseradish, cocktail sauce, hot sauce, lemon, and maybe melted butter?  Basically everything I would put on my raw oyster anyway except the butter. But the raw oysters were the BEST RAW OYSTERS I have ever had!  It was nice and cold and great size!!!  They were nice full/plump oysters.  Sometimes Mike shucks faster than you can eat them so you can get a batch that is not ice cold.  If you eat at the bar, don't forget to tip Mike!
When we were finally seated, my husband and I ordered 3 more dozen raw oysters to eat. Yes, they were that good!  He ordered the oyster half loaf and I ordered the soft shell crab half loaf.  The oyster loaf is what was featured on TV but I didn't think it was all that great but my husband loved it. It would have been better if there was some kind homemade mayo/Cajun sauce on it. The fried oysters on the loaf was a good size though.  Unlike how some places, it seems like you are eating mainly batter. 
I lived in Louisiana for most of my life and these are the best oysters ever. My husband and I look forward to our next trip to New Orleans to get more raw oysters!Casamento's isn't a terrible place, but I didn't leave blown-away. I was a bit shocked when I entered to see a sign placed on a partition in the middle of the restaurant to notify customers that they are a cash-only establishment. I'm sorry, but what sort of restaurant doesn't accept debit or credit cards well over a decade into the 21st century? They are a pretty small establishment, but it's interesting to watch the oyster-shuckers behind the counter as you're waiting for a table. It's definitely a dive, but not uncomfortably "dive-y." 
Service is pretty decent. Most of the menu consists of fried food which doesn't really bother me as much as it does other people. I mean, we're in the Deep South after all. I went with the Seafood Platter just to get a sampling of everything. The portions were good. Mostly everything was tasty, especially the oysters which were plump and hearty. The crab claws were a little anemic and overcooked, and the fries were boring and genetic, but nothing on my plate was absolutely ghastly. 
That being said, while my food was good, it simply wasn't memorable. I could get a meal equally as good just about anywhere else in the gulf area. There was a bit of a lack of seasoning. In hindsight, I wish I'd tried the gumbo. It looked tasty and authentic. As one final note, to get to the restroom, you have to go THROUGH the kitchen. Let me repeat that: THROUGH THE KITCHEN. With loud, busy cooks and hot grease everywhere. Talk about awkward and uncomfortable...Small menu, but absolutely perfect. Great raw, fried, grilled oysters. If there's a line, ask for a half dozen raw while you wait, tip the shuckers and ask them for sauce. They make a cocktail sauce right there, and it's delicious. Sriracha may be the secret ingredient...
Random hours, but figure it out. Definitely not to be missed.THE BEST OYSTERS in New Orleans, or anywhere.  This place hasn't changed an iota since its inception three generations back (except for lighting twenty years ago or so).  Barq's is the perfect accomplace to the crime of passion Cassamentos will lavish upon you.  Go hungry. A dozen raw, and another dozen fried and served on a very special sourdough French bread that isn't replicated anywhere, by anyone.  This is what God's oyster poboy tastes like.  This is the kind of sandwich that reaffirms belief in sandwiches.  The french fries are cooked in the oyster oil, and they pair so well with everything you think they're just ordinary fries.  I've eaten filet mignon while thinking about this place.  Its not open when oysters aren't in season.I got the half oyster loaf.it was really good and a nice size sandwich.I'm glad I didn't get the whole because it filled me up. The fried crab claws were ok..the little coca cola bottles were so cute with the shot glass.First things first, CASH ONLY.
Also there is a line, and it's usually pretty long.
I didn't feel like the food was seasoned that well, maybe we caught them on a bad day, but for the $100 we spent for 3 adults and one child for lunch, I felt like we could have just gone to Draggos and been much happier.Facade was not much to notice. This place is 92 years old and when we opened the door we were not expecting such a bright clean restaurant with nary a scent of "fishiness". 
Arrived 1/2 hour after opening and we were the first in line for a table. As we waited we were greeted by Mike Rodgers, 5 time oyster shucking champion - who was shucking away at the oyster bar. Super friendly and personable he was. Asked if we would like to start with some fresh oysters and we gladly accepted. Quick wit and quick with the dozen. He whipped up a bowl of his 'special cocktail sauce'. The oysters were sweet, fresh and amazing with Mike's concoction. His sauce even impressed my Hubby who does not like horseradish. They were slurped down in a matter of moments and contemplated more but we went on to Casamentos' oyster and shrimp 'loaf" (their versions of po-boys).  
Simple fresh quality ingredients cooked perfectly Excellent.Very classic & very local (Except for the tourists... like us!)
Be there early. We were there few days before the New Year and people were lining up outside before the door opened!
Lucky us at the front of the line so we could pick a table in front of Mike to see the 5-time oyster shucking champ does his magic! We were there for 30 minutes Mike probably shucked 200-300 oysters... and the restaurant was just opening!
I love their fresh raw oysters and their oyster loaf! The fried oysters were crispy & light!Casamento's was recommended to me by many people, including Partner in Crime's dad. Unfortunately the experience was anti-climactic.  Service was...weird. We actually didn't have a waitress. It was as if four different people were "helping out" the server we didn't really have. The lighting was bright, the ambience was dive-y.Heed ye the ole instructional trope, "If the month ain't got an R, then it's best to say nope." Oyster teachings... 
One of the perks of visiting New Orleans during a month whose name contains the letter, "R," is that Casamento's is open for oyster b'ness. Oysters galore! Raw, charbroiled, fried light and crispy: They know their oysters, they do. I look forward to our oyster feasting here.
There is not an abundance of seating at this classic old schooly place. There are only two very small dining rooms, so waiting entails the somewhat awkward dance of staying out of the paths where servers tread. Feeling like a lumbering redheaded obstruction might increase one's general sense of oafishness, but I soldiered on... and watching the champeen himself effortlessly shuck dozens upon dozens of rocky shells, while intermittently shoveling loads more of them out of the large metal bin that serves as their cooler, proved an entertaining and hypnotic distraction. That dude's a pro. Cool too that he offered that we could stand, lean and split a dozen while we waited for our table. I love them big, super fat, fresh, briny oysters. Love them.
At our table along with our bottles of Dixie and Abita, we ordered another raw dozen and some of the excellent charbroiled oysters too. Be advised, where the raw babies run $11, the charbroiled dozen are about $18. They're absolutely tasty business- they oysters themselves are just barely cooked, perfectly, and served in their shells broiled just enough that they're bubbling with garlicky butter, herbs, and parmigiana. I mention their cost only because I neglected to check when excitedly nodding, "Oh yeah," when our gal asked if we were interested... and since Casamento's is cash only, I had a mild moment of panic when I saw our bill. I had enough cash, sigh of relief, but not to fear anyway, they do have an ATM on premises.
I really dig the decor, in all its art nouveau tiled glory. It's very cool in an unchanged old-timey way; enjoy your oysters in perpetual vintage. The white, green, and cream tiled walls gleam with tangible cleanliness. I appreciated immaculate appearance. There's a certain hygienic  charm... It's encouraging when devouring raw seafood, you know. 
The sense that floor to ceiling is spotless is heightened by the fact that the whole restaurant is flooded with fluorescent overhead lighting. So, it's possible yo dates will look as pretty as they do in the supermarket freezer aisle, or when institutionalized. I know I did! But who cares when you gots some oysters to enjoy in classic atmosphere... and as far as I know... oyster aphrodisiac overcomes memories of two-face in the dining room.First off - the best raw oysters I've had in my life. Everyone in my family agreed. The rest of the food was alright. The oyster bisque was bland and watery but nothing some salt, pepper, and worcestershire sauce couldn't fix. However my complaints revolve less around the food and more that we were overcharged. Upon receiving our bill (which was written messily by hand) we immediately thought it was too much money. Whether it was accidental or intentional by our server, we admit that we should have politely asked her to recount the bill. We paid in cash as that is all they take and tipped 20% as customary. It wasn't until getting home referencing  a menu online where we recounted everything we ordered (including tax) and found we were overcharged well over $20.. before tax. I am not insinuating our server did this intentionally nor are we going to call the restaurant to fix it. I would just like to urge future guests to be observant of their hand written receipts.Best oyster soup in the city. It's a great way to see Magazine street too.OMFG guys! We finally got into casamentos. This place is open at the most random times of the year, so this is the first time we've been by and its been open. 
I recommend this place to NOLA natives and very open minded tourists who are not in a rush. This place is as "big easy" as it gets, meaning you will wait a long time, it's cash only and the service leaves much to be desired.
But, if you can deal with all that you can get cheap, fresh and amazing oysters with a big abita amber and call it a day. 
Shout out to Mike - 5 time oyster shucking champion! It's so cool to watch them shuck the endless piles of oysters that will eventually go in my mouth!Why on earth would you not have the oyster shucker rinse off the mud caked all over the oysters? And if you're not going to rinse them for some mysterious aesthetic reason then at least get someone to shuck them who won't get a bunch of grit and shell chips into the oyster meat!!! My fiancee about chipped her tooth!!! And I know this is not a one time event either because later, she was talking with some friends about Casamentos, she mentioned the dirty oyster problem, and they had the same experience! Lagniappe is one thing but keep that nasty gulf swamp mud out of my mouth!If you want great seafood in a diner like atmosphere, this is the place. Fast, nice pleasant service. Been doing it the same way for around a 100 years. Plus one of few places all fried food is gluten free.A certified-platinum New Orleans classic, no doubt.
When you step in, you might think you've entered a Smithsonian exhibit, because the restaurant probably looks about the same as did when it opened in 1919, except for a little flat-screen TV sitting pointlessly atop a dividing wall.  The floors and walls of the shotgun-style room are so covered with mostly-white tile that you might alternatively think that you've mistakenly wandered into an ancient steam room that for some reason is serving as a warehouse for chairs and tables and an oyster bar.  
Casamento's doesn't have a very big menu:  oysters both on the half shell and fried, seafood gumbo, oyster stew (oysters in a bold milky broth, simple and good), oyster "loaf" (basically a po-boy served on thick, toasted white bread), and a handful of fried seafood plates.  
As far as I (and a bunch of others) are concerned, the reason you come here is for raw oysters.  They're terrific, and Casamento's seems to corral some of the bigger Louisaiana bi-valves for your enjoyment.  Seafood gumbo is good, too, although probably slightly overpriced given the paucity of actual seafood you get.  
I can't really speak for the rest of the menu.
Why do I dock Casamento's a star?  For the same reason that I'd dock a few other NOLA classics:  This place is so able to rest on its laurels that service just doesn't have to be very good, and it isn't.  For about five years back in the '90s I lived about six blocks from Casamento's, but after my first visit I rarely went back because the service on that occasion was so bewildering and off-putting.  As a New Orleans newbie, I had apparently violated some mysterious Casamento's protocol (still don't know what it was), and the offended, gnome-like waitress would (or could) barely communicate with us.  She eventually sent somebody else over to deal with us clueless yokels.  The subsequent few visits, including this one, were quite a bit better, but service hasn't risen to more than a couple of degrees  above competent indifference.  You and your companions will probably get served at different times, and you might watch folks who came in 15 minutes after you get their oysters before you (I did on this visit).  And if you have to wait in the queue (likely), you won't get much guidance about where you're supposed to stand.
Anyway, the garrulous shuckers behind the oyster bar seem to be the nicest folks in the place.  If you're having raw oysters, be sure to tip them separately.
N.B. I'm sure some of the other Yelpers here have noted as much, but Casamento's completely shuts down for months when oysters are not in season.  Call ahead if you're from out of town and not sure...My first visit to NOLA and I knew I had to get oysters. We got two dozen raw and 1 dozen grilled. I could have easily had another dozen of the raw, they were that good. The grilled are incredible, too. But for us, just a dozen is plenty because they are really rich. 
I had an Abita bock with the meal, and enjoyed it. First time having an Abita for me. After the "appetizer," the rest of the family got a few "loafs," which kinda freaked me out, but once they arrived I understood. Kind of like immense po' boys. Very tasty. I had the plain old grilled cheese, which is essentially what all little kids used to have with their tomato soup when they were five years old--white bread and some Kraft singles. Now, some of you may think that's a negative, but I was in heaven. 
I'm knocking off a star for the slow service. But to be fair, they had just re-opened for the season about a week before, so they were still slammed with all the people who treat the re-opening like a holiday, and we were a fairly large group, so I'm sure it was a challenge to get all the food out together. 
Regardless, it was a great oyster night, and I love the nostalgic feel of the place.I just love this restaurant for the grilled oysters and they are worth standing in line for. It is known to all the locals and never disappoints. 
The Palmetto bug prefers to be outdoors but can wander indoors now and then. I would just ask the waitress to sweep it out the door and not give it another thought, I don't believe they are dirty and get into food like roaches. But I'm not a native to this area. Will I go back to this restaurant, absolutely !! 
Get some fries and a little short beer to go with the oysters and you will be in heaven.best oysters i have had. Shrimp sandwich was delicious! Be prepared to spend some money! Welllllll worth it!simple and fresh.  it ain't always pretty (or shell-less) but it's always a good time.  the oyster loaf, the crab claws, the raw and fried - i haven't had a disappointing meal yet.  (though i suppose if i was looking for one, i might order the spaghetti and meatballs.  random.  but i guess they needed to make a concession for the folks who wander in and don't like seafood...)I can't even describe how it feels to enter this place. It is like stepping back in time. White tile everything, fluorescent lights, stuffed animals on the walls, tin nativity scenes tacked on above the tables, real coke bottles, a dozen oysters for $8.50, waitresses in sweats, two men behind the bar doing nothing but schucking sack after sack of oysters, pictures on the menu, need I go on?
We ate well the first few days in New Orleans. But when the higher ups left and it was just us lowly serfs left, we decided to skip the $25 entrees and go local, all the way uptown. 
It was probably one of the most memorable meals I will every have. The gumbo was to die for. The fried seafood platter contained this amazing catfish I can only describe as cloud-like, AND it was not greasy (how did they do that?). The oysters were so so good (both raw and fried), I just want to go back right this second. 
This is another must visit place - it will give you something Emeril or Bayona or any of those high flute'n places can't. Sure you have to take a long cab ride there, and sure everything else in the area is closed by 10, and sure you have to walk through the greasy kitchen to get to the bathroom, but saying it is worth the food is a gross understatement.Loved the food at Casamentos and was so excited to try it because since I've been gluten free it's been impossible to find the fried seafood I love! It's not the most impressive looking restaurant but the food is great and both my parents who aren't gluten free also loved it. Tastes just like the normal stuff. If you can get past the kind of dirty looking restaurant you'll love the food. Also they don't have many waiters, but it's a small place so I understand.I was invited here to meet some friends while visiting New Orleans for the holidays. They said this place came highly recommended and they have been dying to get there, It was quite a distance from where I was staying, so they got in line to wait to be seated. Once I arrived at  the location the first thing I noticed is it was going to be hard to find a place to park as they don't have a private lot or any off street parking.I was "lucky" to find a spot around the corner less than a block away. It is in an area called uptown and parking is a premium. I am so spoiled here in Houston lol.
I arrived just in time as soon as I walked it was time to be seated. We were all hungry so we perused the menu and ordered a few items. They are know for their oysters so we had a dozen of raw oysters and a dozen of the char-grilled ones also to start. I am not a big oyster eater but they both were good. Now my friends on the other hand said that the char-grilled ones were over cooked as they stuck to the shell and should not have. That seemed plausible but I had nothing to compare it to?
We also had a couple of oyster and shrimp loaves, some gumbo and a seafood platter in addition to the several beers we used to chase down all of this food.
Although I wasn't paying for the meal I did see the bill and we did reach 3 figures before the tip. One thing I can say for sure the service was excellent.Fat oysters, cold Abita, friendly folks, no pretense, great vibe.  I always make sure to get here whenever I'm in New Orleans.This is just a hole in the wall, but well worth a visit. Great chargrilled oysters - as good or better than you can get in the French Quarter. Also a great place if you like soft shell crabs. Will come again on our next visit to NOLA.The place is tiny with the front area for parties of 2 and 3 and the back room for larger parties. We waited for over one hour but were rewarded with the freshest oysters we had in New Orleans and the cleanest soft shell crab we have ever had. You line up at the counter and wait for a table to open up. The kitchen is visible from the back room and the line. You could see the chefs working to fill orders. When we were waiting in line, a patron that just finished his meal said it was worth the wait. It was! You need to make sure you have 2-3 hours to spare for a big party. The service was Southern Hospitality style. If you are accustomed to fast service, be prepared for a fast paced laid back kind of service. The Fried Oyster dinner was amazing! The oysters were not over cooked. The half shells were extremely fresh and very creamy. The soft shell crab was battered and fried to perfection. The parking was a little tricky. We ended up parking on a residential street and walking around the block. However, it was well worth any issues that came up!Fantastic fresh oysters and soft shell crab make this place a must when eating your way through New Orleans.
Although the travel guide listed the price as $ our lunch for 2 was $38 making it more like $$+.we stopped in casamento's for lunch on a thursday during the jazz fest weekend.  it wasn't crowded and found a table right away and i ordered my oyster loaf, large and  dressed.  absolutely out of this world deliciously fresh and delicate with taste.  i savored each bite and thought to myself, you better remember this moment in time.  i finally looked up halfway through my consumption and notice the long line forming from the front door to the cashier/order taker.  we came in just in time.  after finishing the loaf i had the best feeling of human fulfillment in quite a while.  we  left happy and satified and lucky that we didn't need to wait for a table and in line for a scrumptious loaf.  next time i will order oysters on the half shell.  i can't wait!Good friendly local atmosphere, south at its best, you can get any sea food here but only fried. the brew is also good.... its a nice place to be noisy and hangout with friends.I live close by, so I have had the opportunity to eat at Casamento's fairly often. 
Casamento's lives off of its old New Orleans "charm", not its food or service. By comparison, it is among the least customer friendly restaurants in all of New Orleans. Its days and hours of operation are just plain incomprehensible. They accept only cash - no credit cards - and they think it is just fine to have at ATM for your convenience. The tables and seating are awkward at best. (Try the seat that faces the wall.)
As for the food, anything that is fried is average. The po-boys, regardless of the type, are below average mainly due to the bland unappealing toast, instead of good French bread, they are served on. Soups (gumbos, etc.) are average at best. The food is, overall, yellow, unhealthy, and on the greasy side.
The raw oysters are good, but there are plenty of other places nearby that are better (i.e., try Frankie and Johnny's) - I'd say these are above average.
Bottomline is that Casamento's is living off of its heritage and quaintness as an old school oyster bar, but it is nothing special. There are many other places in New Orleans with superior service and food. For exceptional raw oysters, go to Frankie and Johnny's. For exceptional po-boys, go to Guys Po-Boys, Crabby Jacks, Domilises, Ye Old College Inn, or Parkway Bakery and Deli (THE BEST). Casemento's needs to move into the 21st century a little.Unflattering bright lights shine on you as you stuff your face with the best oysters and, in my opinion, THE ONLY oyster loaf in town!  Oh sweet (and deep fried) memories....After doing sickeningly extensive research on po' boys from a distance via food blogs, travel articles, and locals' advice, I was finally in the Garden District of New Orleans ready to throw down for My First Oyster Po'Boy Actually Consumed In New Orleans.
Except here at Casamento's, a small mom and pop with Jimmy Carter's signature on a t-shirt on the wall and a dizzying, patterned tile floor, the sandwich is called an Oyster Loaf. Perhaps this is because of the famous house bread, which is basically a thick and fluffy toast that you can compact with your grubby little hands to fold around the contours of the fried morsels of oyster in order to make things more manageable.
It was prime dining time when we got there, so we stood in line with old local grannys and grandpaws mixed in with Tulane students decked out in their Halloween best. The minor wait went by fast since we were able to alternately watch St. Louis in Game 7 of the World Series on a television screen and stare as cascades of muddy oysters rushed out of a special trapdoor next to the zealous shucker. 
Determined to pace ourselves, my friend and I each ordered a half loaf at market price, dressed (with lettuce and tomatoes for 45 cents more). Then, she had a cup of gumbo, and I went for a small portion of crab claws for $5.50 which was still a whole bunch of claws.
The po' boy was a dream, but you know what, it was the claws that truly stole the show. I was expecting a little plate or cocktail of something crunchy to work the meat out of. Instead, the plump crustacean joints were the embodiment of instant gratification; rounds of sweet, fresh meat sliding right off of the ligaments. 
Afterwards, we kind of sat back absentmindedly rubbing our bellies. When I had to walk through the kitchen to visit the dank but spotless bathroom out in the back, I was treated to the site of two women and one man shoving the trademark giant slices of bread into industrial ovens for crisping and regulating pot after bubbling pot - heavy, ancient iron with tons of old spillovers burnt permanently onto the blackened outside. Almost slipped on some sawdust on the floor - watch out!
They began closing up shop, but miraculously didn't seem to mind that some folks had just been seated and others were obliviously lingering, taking their sweet time with a bottle of beer.
Comfortable, down home place. I'm glad I had my first real po'boy here.The chargrilled oysters were AMAZING.  Best food we had on our trip to New Orleans.When I come to NOLA this is my go to low key high flavor place to be!
The oysters are shucked by THE Ouster man and taste like the sea.
The fried seafood is gluten free (cornmeal only) as advertised in the menu.  Served simply and delicious!We had "stalked" this place for years, seemingly always stopping by when it was closed. Persistence finally paid off. The oyster po-boy was good. The grilled oysters OK. The shrimp sammie was better, in my opinion.I love old-timey places that have survived and thrived over the years, and certainly Casamento's fits that description.  The consummate oyster restaurant in New Orleans, it's been open continuously since 1919.  Except when they close every June, July, and August, much to the dismay of locals, who eagerly await it's reopening every year.
With a menu long on locavore supplies and tradition, Casamento's dishes out raw oysters ($11 a dozen in 2013), and fried seafood plates and "loafs", or poboys sandwiches, using their own special bread, and eschewing local tradition of French bread for poboys.
While the joint had been the setting and backdrop for numerous movies and television shows over the years, it's the inner workings, the kitchen, that make this restaurant shine.   Try the gumbo, some of the area's best, as are the soft shelled crabs.   That's what Burgerdogdaughter had the other day when we dropped in.
I went with a catfish poboy, as it's nearly impossible to be able to afford catfish in Portland, OR, where I reside.   Down these parts, it's dirt cheap and delicious.
We split a dozen raw oysters to start.
Casamento's should be on every tourist's list of 'must stops' in the Big Easy.  Be prepared to wait for a table, and it's cash only.Lunch on Saturday, March 20th. We got in the short line at 1:00 p.m., just before the big crowd arrived. Probably the best oysters on the half shell, ever. Very fresh! It was also fun watching them being shucked as we waited for our table. Good efficient service, good sandwiches and loads of atmosphere. Even with the small dining space and the long lines, we were never rushed and had a fun time. Walking through the neighborhood block party after lunch also made for a memorable experience and gave us a view of New Orleans beyond the French Quarter.Service was not good for a first timer no explanation to the line process. 
Food: crab claws did not have much flavor, oysters were great, and po- boy was mostly bread unlike traditional po-boy bread.Great historic eatery famous for anything with oysters in it. CASH ONLY so be warned. 
We came after a parade and caught their last hour of service. We ordered a little of everything and all the seafood was excellently fresh and cooked perfectly. I had the softshell crab and it came out lightly fried and excellent. 
Service is very warm and you can tell they've been around for quite some time. 
The bathroom is through the kitchen which is a great opportunity to see how things get down to your plate.  
Looking for a good casual good bite of seafood near Napolean? This will get you there.The best hidden gem in NOLA!!! Oysters are to die for and you can't beat the atmosphere! Super cute place it's a must!TOURISTS love it. LOCALS are underwhelmed.
Almost EVERY OYSTER (fresh and charbroiled) had pieces of shell in it. What the SHUCK? Who is the SHUCKER that SHUCKED THESE UP so badly?
No ice under the fresh oysters... Charbroiled oysters not nearly as good as Drago's and Katie's in Mid-City. Fried calamari was decent but had no sauce for dipping.
We didn't dare order anything after our meal as the stressed-out staff clearly wanted us to GET OUT since the line to get in was so long.
CASH ONLY? I'm very sorry... does our HIGH FALUTIN' need to use a credit card interfere with your OFFSHORE TAX SHELTERS??
I appreciate heritage and atmosphere, and that's the only reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1. There are so many BETTER OPTIONS for oysters in the city and as far as Casamento's is concerned, they are giving the TOURISTS LOW EXPECTATIONS.I love Casamento's. From the tiles, to the oyster shucker calling hello as you enter, to smell of fresh, briny oysters, to the friendly service, to the gumbo (swoon) to the oyster loaf to the great location on Magazine Street--all a perfect New Orleans experience. My son and I particularly enjoyed watching the oysters being roasted in the back--flames and theatre! It's a great place for kids, thanks to the relaxed (and relaxing) servers who check on you often and kid-friendly menu options. It feels like the best of New Orleans distilled into one sweet space.First time eating here. OMG! The raw oysters were absolutely amazing. They were huge and plump. We've frequented other locations throughout the city for raw oysters but this is by far the absolute best. We shared a full oyster loaf and chargrilled fries. Can you say AMAZING?!! Great food. Will definitely go back and recommend to anyone.The best fried oysters shrimp gumbo everything is great . They serve there sandwich's on Texas toast . They shuck all the oysters they fry . My favorite 
Allen L.I was really surprised that this place did not live up to half the hype. Maybe I was there on an off day or maybe I didn't order the right things, but in my humble opinion the seafood could've blended in with just about every other side of the road diner. Oysters and everything was average but it gets two stars because service was disinterested and prices didn't match the quality of food.Oysters were good and the beer was cold!  Waitress a little distracted but waiter pinch hitting for her made it up.  No wait when we arrived but a long line when we left!  Fried Shrimp pleased my daughter and I enjoyed the Oyster Loaf after raw oysters.  We will be back!We live down the road, and love coming here when we need our fried seafood fixings. They never let us down.