Stayed here during a conference. I reserved a room with a king-sized bed, but got a room with a queen-sized bed that was barley big enough for the bed; no closet and very little space for my suitcase. The sink and shower are not in a separate room. The shower is in the room as well. Room didn't get serviced for one day (not an environmental program). Last night was a Friday and loud party right above our room. Front desk said nothing could be done until 10pm. Too bad I need to get up tomorrow morning. 
Definitively never staying here again.We had a convention so we stayed here for 5 nights. Worst experience we have ever had in a hotel. First, we reserved a king size bed, we got a tiny room with a double bed. After complaining, we got moved into a bigger room with a king size. The room smelled moldy, the shower was not clean it had a leyer of dirt on the shower floor and the shower courtain had mold all over the bottom. After complaining they changed the courtain but never cleaned the shower, I had to clean it myself as I was not going to shower in such a dirty place. The room door had a broken in half full body mirror placed on the back, on the second day the lower half of the broken mirror fell and broke in multiple pieces. They came to clean it but I had to complain for them to take the upper part of the mirror off that was still on the door, which was dangerous to leave there. Out of the 6 days there, they didn't come to clean 1 day and once again I had to ask them the next day to come and clean. And finally we were in the room right under the roof top which they rent out for parties, which means that you have noise and people jumping right in top of you. Do not come here, not worth your money and not a comfortable place to be.In a nutshell: the pros- great staff that is very accommodating and down to earth, the view in room 35 was awesome, the aesthetic of the whole place is on point and is absolutely the most Instagramable hotel I just cannot stress how cute it is, and the location was perfect; the cons- it's the south so there are little drain flies all along the window and baby tiny spiders there to eat them up, cleanliness was below expectation so the staff quickly made us feel more comfortable with a deep clean, the restaurants chef quit so there was no food while we were there, the water pressure sucks and the walls are paper thin.I stayed at this brand new Catahoula Hotel during Jazz Fest. The location was perfect for my plans - close to most places I needed to be. (I suggest you take the 5 minute walk to Domenica's) The staff - including the General Manager, Catie, was helpful, professional, friendly and courteous. The coffee and Bloody Mary's were excellent! The bed was probably the most comfortable one in which I've ever slept. Best of all, whenever I needed something, they took care of it. I look forward to staying there again in the near future!Such a beautiful boutique hotel right outside of the French quarter! I stayed here during my birthday celebration in New Orleans with one of my best friends! We found this hotel for a steal on Airbnb! It was about $200 a night for an amazing room with a balcony on a Friday & Saturday night. 
Downstairs they have a beautiful courtyard area, nice bar with fun drinks and small plates, and also an upstairs sundeck with a bar! So new, hip, and modern, but you still get the old school New Orleans feel. Great culture. 
Also, the walk to the French quarter was only about 5 minutes where all of the touristy attractions and fun bars begin! I would definitely choose to stay here over being in the quarter because it's a nice escape from the noise after a while!Wish I had tried the food here. Hell, wish I had stayed here. I visited Catahoula Hotel on my my first trip to New Orleans last week. I was in for business and decided to stay in the heart of the French Quarter on Bourbon. WHAT THE HELL WAS I THINKING?! The only thing I did there was sleep, as little haunts like Catahoula were my escape.
Catahoula is a design-centric hotel, with a great rooftop bar. From the looks of it, they have excellent food as well. The bartenders during my visit were two hilarious women who explained to me all the ins and outs of "being from New Orleans." (This is going to be controversial, but I learned one cannot consider themselves from New Orleans if they haven't been there for 20 years OR 2 years pre-Hurricane Katrina. Sorry if I've offended you, transplants :P ). They provided me my lesson in NO culture over a series of frozen tiki-bar style drinks, which were each delicious with a little splash of humor (for instance, the Jungle Bird has a pineapple chunk placed on the side literally in the shape of a toucan). 
I closed this place up, drinking great drinks while laughing the entire time. If I could make one suggestion, it would be to have a couple more drinks like the Aguaymante Sour. Next time I'm back in NO, this is where I'll be staying. Maybe I'll just hitch a tent on the rooftop bar....This place has been open for less than a couple weeks and I'm already obsessed. It is truly one of a kind. The cocktails are phenomenal, the food is outstanding, and the service is great. The Miracle Berry Trip is one of the coolest things I've ever experienced. The dining and drink options at Catahoula are stellar and their prices are beyond fair. If you're a foodie or cocktail junkie then Catahoula is bound to be your new favorite spot in NOLA. Looking forward to staying in one of their adorable boutique hotel suites the next time I'm looking for a staycation in my own city.Such a quaint boutique hotel! We booked on Airbnb and the room was exactly as the pictures described. We had an adorable balcony overlooking the street with floor to ceiling Windows. The shower was very unique and put behind a wall in the living room! 
Parking was close and cheaper than I expected. 
Before we went to explore we tried the guacamole from the bar- REALLY GOOD!
It was a quick walk to Bourbon street and all the action of "New Orleans" but far enough away for a good nights sleep.Subpar house keeping - no soap in the shower, no hand soap by the sink. I didn't realize it at first, had to use shampoo to wash hands. Also would not refill an empty shampoo bottle. Needed to ask for them at the front desk. 
No shower curtain, impossible not to splash water outside of the shower area. Usually ends up with puddles of water on the floor in an already tiny room.Colol if you're just here for the rooftop bar but don't stay here: shower handle popped off, long hairs on the floor, weird lighting, no night stands, messed up electrical outlights, a toilet that isn't mounted properly, and outlets that aren't grounded properly.I love the Catahoula. I stayed here for my birthday and extended by a day. The friendliness and helpfulness of everyone who works here is one of the key reasons. The Casper bed too! 
Other bonuses: the coffee bar and the beautiful decor. I'm not much of a drinker but the cocktail they made for my birthday was delicious. The food is good too. I'm allergic to shrimp so a few of the items were off limits, but they offered to modify. 
My room had a balcony and the rainfall shower was great. The wifi is really fast too. Believe me, when you've been chasing wifi as I have on this road trip, it was much appreciated that it was so good. 
The hotel is pet friendly, which is a plus. I had my dog with me and he was treated very well. 
The hotel is close enough to the French quarter to walk but far enough away from the craziness which was perfect for me.I loved our stay at the Catahoula! The hotel is super chic and cute. I love the Peruvian theme and location. It's located in the Central Business District and within walking distance to the French Quarter. It's also close to the Streetcar stops and several good restaurants.
The rooms are nice, but the shower is a bit odd. There's no door and you shower on wooden slats which was kind of cool - roomy but may be strange without a door and you're sharing the room with someone other than your sig other.
I love the rooftop bar and downstairs bar too! Servers are great and friendly. The cocktails are delicious - loved the pisco sours. Didn't get to try the food, but I tried the coffee and that was strong and tasty.I stumbled onto this hotel through hotels.com and cross referenced on yelp. It was a nice change from your normal chain hotels and just as affordable as AirBnB. The room we were assigned was directly beneath the rooftop bar and was able to hear the chairs and tables being re-arranged and someone walking, I requested for a room change and they gladly accommodated.  Hindsight we should've kept the original room because it had a cute patio and had more natural light brightening the room. They moved us to a larger room that overlooked Union St and we were able to enjoy the jazz music being played across the street. The beds are comfortable, although there is no in-room coffee or tea and no hair dryer. This was not a deal breaker for us. The toilet is in a separate room and the stand up shower is located in the hotel room itself next to the 'toilet room'. I though this was so unique and actually quite loved it. The rooftop bar is very quaint and inviting, although if you want food you have to go to Piscobar downstairs. Piscobar food was good and service was great there as well. 
Our trip was cut short by a family emergency and had to take a flight out the next morning, which the hotel graciously refunded the one night we wouldn't be staying since we paid at the hotel instead of through hotels.com. I would definitely stay here again. It is a 10 minute walk to Bourbon street and there's lots of great places to eat and drink along the way there. There is parking available in the garage on O'Keefe that charges &20/day and in and out is allowed. This is a lot cheaper than some parking spots in the area, for reference the chain hotels charge $35/night for parking.Stopped by on my trip here as it was highly recommended and it did not disappoint. The bartender and the cocktails were unbelievable and the atmosphere was super fun. Definitely a must whilst in NOLA!My wife and I stayed there the day of our wedding and the night after.  The hotel was great about us arriving to drop bags at different times because we checked in the day of our ceremony.  The room was cool, there were 2 nice little bars on site, but.....  
Below is a description that I sent to the hotel after our trip (APRIL 2017). To date, no one has ever responded:
Our stay was soured with our experience on the second night.  On Saturday (day after our wedding), we hosted a Crawfish Boil in the Marigny all day, which ended up going on past midnight.  As we gathered our things, my wife realized she lost our room key.  After searching, we called the front desk multiple times to make sure someone was there to help us. 
[Note: When we got back from our post-wedding Frenchman St. run Friday night, we didn't see anyone in the lobby or at the desk so wanted to make sure we could be helped.]
My wife called at 1:58am, 2:01, and 2:02.  I called at 2:07 and 2:19, and left a message explaining our situation.  I also emailed, just in case someone got email alerts on their cell phone.  No one has ever responded to that VM or email to date.
We didn't want to risk getting a taxi to investigate in person, given the time and uncertainty of finding another hotel if it didn't work out.  We decided to use our friend's air mattress and hope for a call back.  We were never called back.  
When I woke up at 6:19am, I finally got someone to answer the phone.  He wasn't too understanding when I explained our situation, but instead claimed he was there all night and got pretty defensive.  When I asked why no one returned our call, he sort of stammered and mentioned it was a busy night. 
We totally understand our role in this predicament, because if the key wasn't lost, this issue wouldn't have occurred.  Luckily, we had an alternate solution (although the air mattress wasn't how I envisioned my last night in the city), but if someone else had a similar experience without connections it could have been much worse.
The fact that we weren't able to access our room until the morning was super stressful, and a bummer way to end an amazing weekend.  
*The fact that we never got a call or email back was the most disappointing*
On a positive note, the space is super cool (why we chose it in the first place).  Great choice on toiletries, spectacular bed (made not getting in it the second night even worse:), and awesome indoor/outdoor shower feel.  The few friends that stopped by were super impressed and complimentary.  Some functional suggestions:
+vent in bathroom!!  That air sits in there far too long
+maybe a curtain rod above where you place the suitcase stand?  If not, one or two more of those wood dowels out from the wall
+trash can in the room (only one was the small trash can in the toilet room)
So my overall rating is highly skewed by that last night and not getting the communication/support needed.  Save that, it would have easily been a 4-4.5
The likelihood of recommending to others is tough to assign a number, which is why I recapped it here.  Really cool hotel, needs to figure some small things out, and one or two bigger things.  At this point - after never receiving a phone call or email response to at least apologize/address the situation - I'd warn against the Catahoula Hotel.
Funny thing is, I sent this info to them almost 6 months ago..and had since let it go.  But they sent me an email yesterday to "Welcome me back" and "The season has arrived with new adventures, traditions and great events..."My friends and I went to Hamilton Karaoke night here and it was absolutely amazing. I hope they do many other fun karaoke nights. Cocktails were reasonable and delicious.My fiance and I stayed here for a long weekend and had a lovely time. The location is perfect, just a few blocks from the French Quarter, the staff is friendly and the bed was extremely comfortable. I will say that the room was small and the shower could use a curtain or vent but if you want a welcoming place to lay your head after exploring the city, then this is a great place; if you plan on spending a good portion of your time in your room, look someplace else. We would stay here again but would get a bigger room.I haven't stayed in the hotel and I've just visited the upstairs bar and downstairs cafe & bar but I did tour the public spaces.  Overall it seems to be a rather well appointed hotel placed within a small footprint.  The location is a bit away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter while being near enough to still go to enjoy it if one were on a tourist adventure.  It is still quite a new space so I'm sure it still has some time to develop its character and we shall see how it fits into the overall landscape of NOLA.Wow, this was a great find! I was staying at the CBD in Nola for a couple of days and wanted to find some cute rooftop or courtyard that was super cute to work in the AM while my Friends were sleeping in.  AFter googling for a bit, I came across this boutique hotel, close to the quarter and in CBD for me to work and it was soo awesome!  The bartender and the guy that checked me in were very welcoming in and were really great at offering suggestions on where I should check out while I was in NOLA. Next time I come back to NOLA, I plan on staying here!Not a good place for a girls trip. Minimal accommodations, too rustic! Staff very friendly and place was clean and quaint.  I just prefer to have ready accommodations like a iron and a closet in my room. Room was wayyyy too small. $390 for one night! :( 
One window in room that faces a brick wallHad a great one-night stint at the Catahoula.  The room was "cozy" but exactly what we needed.  I'm also just a fan of boutique hotels, so this really hit the spot.I love this hotel!! I'm a picky upscale boutique hotel lover, but this trip I just didn't have the extra money to spend so I read reviews and booked this 3 1/2 star hotel for 97$ a night. It's Amazing!  It's chic and cool. So laidback. Love the decor. Love the location. Staff is friendly. Great bar, no food but still no complaints here. I will always stay at this place.I've traveled quite a bit, and this has been one of my favorite hotel stays yet. A big part of that is due to the staff. Everyone was great, very helpful, and accommodating. 
I thought I'd booked a king, when really I had a queen. Traveling with a newborn I needed a larger bed in order to have her bassinet in bed with me. Shimiqua at the front desk switched us to a king no problem. 
 The area was a bit of a walk to anywhere we wanted to go, but we still walked it. 
Our room was clean, the bed comfortable, and I loved the style of the hotel. 
Even the soaps smelt great, and they use Aveda shampoo and conditioner, which isn't tested on animals. Double points. 
Noise wise, I could hear people occasionally through the window, and in the hall, but never heard anyone in another room. 
We'd booked the room for three nights, but enjoyed ourselves so much we booked a forth.What a cute little hotel with an awesome Pisco bar not too far from the French Quarter!  There's a beautiful courtyard area and rooftop bar as well.  
We purchased a groupon deal for a guest room back in November.  Prior to our stay for four nights in mid-January, I looked up reviews again and became wary given some complaints about space, noise, and cockroaches.  We had little or none of those issues.
Our guest room on the 1st floor was small but not too small for the two of us.  We could hear people talking outside in the hallways every now and then but it was not bothersome.  We did not have any problems with bugs or anything like that.  
BUT...the shower was exposed to the room AND there was a window in the shower.  The window was frosted of course so no one in the hallway could look in, but we could see their shadows and the light from the hallway interrupted our sleep because there was no way to turn it off or block it off from the shower.  
We brought this up with the front desk and they did offer to move us to a different room, but it was a horrible alternative given that room was located underneath the stairs.  We decided the light issue was bearable - more than hearing people walk up and down the stairs.  
Then one last issue we had was the housekeeping.  We continuously ran out of soap and lotion since they were given in small amounts.  Housekeeping never refilled these things so we had to ask for more.  Also, our room was not cleaned the day before we left.  
Otherwise, we really enjoyed our stay here and highly recommend the bar, especially the one on the first floor!  There are drinks at the rooftop bar but not as good as what is offered downstairs.  I'd suggest grab a drink there then take the elevator up to enjoy the fresh air.  Coffee is awesome too!What I loved about this hotel:
+The friendly, accommodating & accommodating front desk people! The bartenders in the cafe/bar are the best (they make you feel like you're a regular, even if you're a traveler. In addition to being mixologists with the mostest, they are expert baristas too!) So kudos to the customer service at the Catahoula!
+the environs and overall vibe. Sitting in the lobby is extremely comfortable and walking the grounds will have you admiring the ultra modern aesthetic that's not terribly common in our city that time forgot. Love the concrete floors and urban chic tropical courtyard where we had a group dinner one evening. The rooftop bar is idyllic, though I sadly didn't get to enjoy a drink up there because weather wasn't permitting when I had the time.
+rate is reasonable, considering time of year and comparable rooms in the area
+very comfortable bed and nice linens
+my room had a private balcony which was really nice!
+loved all the drink and snack options in keeping with the Latin American tropical theme of the hotel. 
What I didn't love:
-there could be a good deal more attention to detail. There was a large dead roach outside of my coworker's room for two days before she went to ask that it be removed. Her room was not in a hidden, out of the way area, but on the first floor and you'd have to pass it by to get to the other rooms. Not sure how it could have been overlooked. There was a smushed mosquito hawk right next to my room door (very noticeable) that was never removed. My room didn't have washcloths, so that was an oversight until the second day.
-my other coworker encountered a dead roach in her room. I live in NOLA and honestly this time of year you don't see a lot of these things, so if you're easily freaked out by our city's mascot, be sure and stay on a higher floor, *especially in the summer* (and as much as I hate chemicals, exterminators need to do a better job). 
-a warning about locking your door manually would have been nice. While I much prefer keys to magnetic cards, the door should lock automatically behind you as this is pretty universal these days, no? 
-little slivers of soap seem wasteful. Shower gel in a large container like the shampoo and condition would be preferable.
-my rain shower was useless because there was one huge stream pouring out amongst the tiny stream. Again, attention to details. This is an easy fix.
-poor lighting in the room (at least one lightbulb over the door leading into the room was out... again, attention to details).
Finally, this isn't the hotel's fault but that construction across the street was a major drag for getting in and out of the hotel if you're lugging a lot of stuff around. I checked in with a lot of luggage and sundry items for my work conference and it was a pretty dreary experience. Thankfully I had help with me as they don't have bellhops to help you with this. So, while the construction is something the hotel cannot help, having an extra person or two to assist guests during these times would be ideal. The street was closed almost daily, requiring me to lug my stuff 1/2 a block to the corner where my Uber had to wait. 
I'd stay here again thanks to the lovely staff (seriously... they made our stay a memorable one).We stayed here on 04/23-04/25/17 due to buying a Groupon. Overall the hotel is a nice little boutique hotel. This review is more due to the hotel room its self. The staff was extremely nice the hotel was clean and the atmosphere was amazing.  Sadly due to the room i would not be staying here again. The room was extremely small which i was okay with due to we are only sleeping here and not staying in the room all day. the shower had no door which caused the whole room to steam up when taking a shower the bed in our room was right next to the shower so the bed would get splashed with water. the floors are concrete. i forgot my sandals  so when i stepped out the shower i felt like i was stepping on the dirty floor outside.  Overall this will not be my first place to stay. however i would stay here again if there was nothing else availableI really don't want to give a great review because then everyone will flock to this hotel and I'll never able to book a room here!! But this place deserves all 5 stars. What a joy it was to stay here. I would take this cute little hotel over the major chains any day.  I enjoyed my stay here in every aspect.. The check in and check out was quick & friendly. There are only about 35 rooms so it's an intimate setting but you don't hear your neighbors. I stayed near the rooftop bar and it didn't bother me at all. The bar closed at midnight so by the time I got back to my room, all the partying was gone. I did venture to the rooftop one night...check out my pics! There was some construction down the same street...it wasn't noisy but it can be tricky to navigate down the street at times. I didn't get a chance to experience the restaurant but will put it on my to-do list when I come back~Best happy hour location. They have a really great set up that allows you to enjoy the cities charm and architecture. The rooftop deck is just a little peaceful oasis for you and your frinds to catch up. Come when you just need a little peaceful moment in a busy city.Did not stay here so this review will be strictly on the food. Came with a group of colleagues for lunch and I was not disappointed one bit. The restaurant/bar in the hotel is Peruvian cuisine and the food was hands-down amazing. 
First of, I have to say the presentation of every plate my party received was beautiful. Other than the chips and guacamole we ordered, which you can only do so much with chips and guac, each dish was created with such elegance that you would think the chef is some renown artist. The options here are very healthy, and the salad here is huge! Much better than some other salad places in the business district. 
My party started off with some tuna and some other fish with sauce on it, sashimi style. For entree, I had the tuna causa. Plate presentation was creative as it can be. Taste-wise, it was one of the more refreshing dish I've had this month. So light yet so think and filling, the sauce gave a kick to it, the avocado gave the dish the thickness it needs, and the texture of the causa was like that of grits. 
Overall, would definitely recommend coming here if you're in the mood for some healthy options. Didn't order a drink, but I wished did.This hotel has EVERYTHING - best location, fun and friendly owner and staff, a terrific restaurant and the rooms really have every single thing a good room needs - super comfy bed, great shower, natural light. The rooftop is beyond and a great place to relax with either a coffee or drink during your stay. Best of all is the architecture, interior design and the location is in walking distance of the CBD and The French Quarter.This is a cool place. Small, boutique hotel, well furnished, good bar, good people, but this hotel has some small problems. They only opened about 6 months ago, but a few things need to be addressed:
1. The showers don't turn off. It's weird. It takes almost 10 minutes for the water to cycle off. You spend about five trying to figure it out, then give up, and ten more minutes later it eventually peeters out. 
2. The full length mirror in the room was cracked. Not an huge deal, but an odd detail to have overlooked and the edges are sharp.
3. Cockroaches. Sadly we have seen more than one. 
5. Bedding. Is very light, not quite warm enough for the automatic ac. Personally I was cold and had to ask for more, and even that was light. 
6. The fire alarm went of multiple times in one night. For way too long. We had to sit outside, and got no apology, explanation, or compensation for the inconvenience. Obviously this probably doesn't happen often, but I don't think it was handled well. 
7. The car was not consistent. It was always open, but they were often out of things, not quite ready for people, or able to give full service drinks. 
None of these are deal breakers for me. I would recommend this hotel and stay here again. But it could be improved, and the disrupted night was really annoying.Over the years I have had a few experiences in New Orleans: The conference scene, the bachelor party, the music weekend. I have stayed in Airbnbs, upscale national hotels, given this, I can truly say that if you want to a real modern New Orleans experience you should check out the Catahoula. 
It is an effortless walk to the French Quarter, quick bus or uber ride to Uptown or the Garden District. We were able to see all of the sites easily from this centrally located spot. 
The vibe is modern, but not full on uncomfortable modern. 
Did I mention that they have a rooftop patio bar with a full kitchen? The drinks were great and the beet hummus was fantastic. 
Just do it.A-OK all the way! This won't be my first choice for lodging next I visit New Orleans, but I was still comfortable enough and enjoyed my stay.
Let's get the not-so-great stuff out of the way. The rooms seem to have a few issues. The shower has funky/inconsistent water pressure and the soaps are weirdly tiny. I know it's humid in these parts, but my room was exceptionally humid even on not-so-humid-outside February days. Literally woke up damp in damp bed sheets with a foggy mirror and prune-y fingers. Like an actual sauna. The room did get nice and cold, however. 
My room was super tiny (which I'm sure contributed to the extra humid climate), but the size itself didn't bother me. Aesthetically speaking, I liked my room a lot! Concrete floors, exposed brick walls. This is a boutique hotel, a historic building (built in 1845), and it definitely has that old NOLA charm. That's what I wanted! The hotel bar is really rad, and the bartenders are on top of it. Really fun, laid back atmosphere. And the food is beautiful and fresh! Gorgeous patio outside, plus a sexy rooftop patio. Can't go wrong with a drink on the roof, can you?
This hotel is walking distance to all kinds of restaurants and bars and shopping and goodies. Loved the location, the decor, the bar, the food. And definitely appreciated the staff, above all. They were sweet, welcoming, casual, and helpful from check-in to check-out, and that's the most important thing!One of the neatest hotels I've ever stayed at. Very boutique and lots of character. The hotel was an old apartment building that was completely re-done and updated in March '16 (from what an employee told me). It has the cleanliness/organization/smell of a brand new hotel, but the look & feel of a historic, nostalgic building. Employees are all very friendly as well. The food they serve at the bar is fantastic. Hotel is within walking distance of all the French quarter hot spots, so we saved on uber/cab fare. Definitely want to come back.We happened upon this place by chance and I can guarantee you that anytime we come back to New Orleans we will be staying here! The staff is friendly and very accommodating. The rooms are gorgeous! The bed is wonderfully comfortable. You definitely feel right at home here.  They have smaller and larger rooms, but both are amazingly comfortable and equally beautiful. We are definitely looking forward to the rest of our stay.My friends were staying at the Ritz and the Waldorf and I preferred my Catahoula hotel over both of them! Charming, great service, nice rooms - this hotel made my experience in Nola so great. Thank you to all the nice front desk people who made my stay so easy. I also loved my coffee and muffin every morning! Keep on doing what you're doing.UPDATE:
Management reached out to me and seemed genuinely concerned about my experience. They offered me a certificate for a 2 night stay in an upgraded room for my next trip to New Orleans. I will be back in April and look forward to giving them another shot. 
Original Post:
The Hotel ambiance, location, staff, and bar get 5 stars. But our room was hands down the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. I've lived in San Francisco apartments my entire adult life, so the size and price wasn't an issue. The problem was the open air shower in the middle of the room. I get what they are going for, but if you are going to put an open air shower in the middle of the room, you need to add ventilation. There is no ventilation in the room what so ever and upon entering you are overwhelmed with the scent of mold and mildew. 
If you are going to have a wood bottom shower, you need to make sure it drains so the wood can dry out. It did not drain so the wood was slimy and you ended up standing in an ankle deep puddle of who knows what. If you are going to have a shower at all, the shower head should work. It didn't, and we had to spend our whole stay using the attachment because the shower head did not work at all. 
The only window in the room is at street level with the parking lot located behind the hotel. Not only does the window NOT HAVE A WORKING LOCK, but it is also located directly next to a popular smoking area outfitted with milk crates to sit on. We are so close to the smoking area that people leave their half smoked cigarettes and swishers on the windowsill. All hopes of airing the room out of the mold smell are dashed unless you want your room to fill up with cigarette smoke. 
We were there for 5 nights. We would have left after the first night but experienced a personal tragedy while we were there and just decided to tough it out. All of our clothes and luggage (even my laptop?!) REEK of mold. I am so so so disappointed because I wanted to love this hotel.No one was at the desk to check us in for about 10 minutes. Not a big deal honestly, but would have been nice to have been welcomed by someone. We were put in a room on the 2nd floor directly under the rooftop bar which was incredibly loud. It's supposed to close at 10pm but we heard people until midnight and then were woken up at 2:45am by more people moving about above us. 
Our room was half clean. There was no toilet paper and two pillows had some very disgusting stains on them. There was also a stain on the bedsheets and big hair in the middle of the bed when we pulled the sheets back. The shower looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a week as well.
The overall vibe of the hotel was cool. Very hip - like a hostel version on the Ace Hotel. I might go for a drink in the tiny bar attached to the lobby or on the rooftop bar, but would not recommend unless you're on a massive budget and found a great deal here for a night.Review is for Wednesday movie nights only!
I've gone now to three of the movie nights Catahoula has hosted at their rooftop bar. 
First, all the great stuff about these nights:
- Wednesday has half price bottles of wine ALL DAY! Not just happy hour. 
- Happy hour cocktails are changed up often but everything our groups have tried has been really tasty. Sangria, hurricanes,etc. If you can find the flyers with $3 drink coups on them they are a real bargain. 
- The rooftop is cozy! There are pretty lights hung overhead and the ambiance is really nice when it gets dark. 
- The movie itself is free to go and watch. I love when bars play movies and then you add rooftop to that and it's a killer night out without breaking the bank. 
- Some of the movies they will do a funny drinking game and we got a kick out of that. A "drink every time the character says this" type game. Some people may not be into that but we dug it. 
The could be better stuff:
- The area is relatively small. It's not a big deal but for the movies it gets really busy so people end up having to sit on the ground and that's not super fun. I recommend coming early with your date or group to get chairs or a couch and table. 
- The chairs are ok but the "couch" outdoor furniture is worn and the cushions are so paper thin that your butt is definitely going to start hurting sometime during the movie. It's not comfortable for longer than a few minutes so halfway through the movie you'll be fidgeting a lot. They need some new ones. 
- The $3 coup is a great deal but don't expect to find any around the hotel left. Apparently they're elsewhere around the city but I haven't seen them. 
All in all a great movie spot for a midweek night out. We've voted on upcoming movies when we've gone other nights and seen them show up later and that's really cool! Hopefully they'll keep hosting these every week. I'll keep coming back!I really want to give this place 5 stars so here is what I like about it ....
I love the styling of the hotel, the rooms, the lobby area, and bar. I also love the friendliness of the staff. 
Here's what I don't love ... and if it were not for the styling and staff, I would give the review a 1.
GNATS / FRUIT FLIES --- everywhere.
When we checked in, I thought ok, one or two, no big deal. Killed them and went on my way.
I just go to get in the shower and there were literally a good two dozen gnats/fruit flies all over the shower walls. My husband went into the shower w a shoe and killed at least 15 of them and there are still more lingering around.
I understand New Orleans is humid but this is actually pretty gross and I'm quite honestly contemplating other ways of staying clean for two nights to avoid the shower. I'm am afraid of bugs as it is but there is no way I'm taking a shower with a crap tons of gnats.This hotel was gorgeous and unique. The decor and overall look of the place wasn't disappointing in the slightest. Super easy check in and check out and the room looked exactly like the pictures. The location was awesome and made it super easy to get around to tourist spots. The front desk helped us out with deciding where to eat which was super helpful. The beds were huge!! I only had a couple downsides which was when we went to the cafe to grab a quick bite before heading out they said it isn't available which made it seem like they don't have food to offer and didn't seem like they even had a kitchen to make anything. When we put a "service room" door hanger up we came back to the same sheets that had been dirty and that's why we wanted it serviced. The pillows were also super thick which gave both of us neck pain the next day. Other than that we loved staying here and would stay here again in a heartbeat.I'm only giving them one star because the front desk staff were extremely friendly and understanding. Other than that this place is horrible. Booked a 3 night stay around $300 nightly and upon arrival notice the back mirror on the door is shattered, the walls are filthy with black skid marks all across them near the bed. The room is so small the bed takes up 90% of the room, the shower is whole in the drywall with no curtain. There is about 5 feet total walking space. You cannot control the temperature within the rooms either. When we mention some of our concerns such as a leaky shower head to the front desk he quickly solved it and informed us that the management is aware of the condition of the room we were given. Would not recommend staying here regardless of the excellent reviews, do not be scammed like we were.This was our first trip to New Orleans, we were looking for a unique hotel and were excited about The Catahoula. The location is great and the decor is fun. However, the room was filthy. After checking in we had to ask for our toilet to be cleaned, we hadn't used it! We were told that the room hadn't been "released" before we were let in and they would have housekeeping deep clean it.  We returned hours later and only the toilet had been cleaned.
The next day we asked to speak to a manager about our concerns.  We showed her the layers of dust on things, the dirty floor, and pointed out a stench coming from the shower.  She said she would make sure that it was all taken care of. After exploring the city all day we returned to find the shower had been cleaned, but the floor was still dirty and still plenty of dust; definitely not "deep" cleaned. All of the corners were crusted, dust on the heating/cooling unit, holes in the wall where a hook had been, toilet paper holder falling off of the wall and dust bunnies on the floor. The manager never even bothered to follow up with us.
This hotel has a lot of potential; but poor management, maintenance and cleanliness really ruined the experience.We had a wonderful stay at the Catahoula Hotel. We discovered a small problem with our room right after checking in. Sasha at the front desk quickly fixed the issue and even upgraded us to a much larger and very beautiful room. We loved the quiet, yet central, location of the hotel.Great place to stay in NOLA. Close to the French Quarter, but far enough that noise isn't an issue for sleeping. I liked the unique design and feel of the place. Felt like an "inn." Nice and quaint esp. after a day in the crazy city that is New Orleans. Internet, tv, air conditioning/heating all were superb. Bed was clean and extremely comfortable. 
While housekeeping did a great job the whole place could use a deep clean. The shower walls and behind the sink looked dirty and the floor was dusty. I wouldn't walk barefoot on it. The wooden pallet in the shower kind of grossed me out as I'm sure the water beneath the pallet was nasty. Also there is no iron or coffee pot in the room. There is a cafe / bar in the main building so there's that.
The rooftop bar is really cool and relaxing. I liked the hanging lights. Check in/out was a breeze and everyone was welcoming.
I would stay here again, enjoyed my stay.They also wouldn't refill the shampoo bottle during house keeping, unless you asked for it at the front desk.Looked very cute & since the outside says 'Cafe' I thought I'd stop to get a cup of coffee.  Walked into a very quaint cozy boutique hotel!  I'd like to maybe stay in.  I saw muffins in a glass cover on the bar of the cafe so asked the receptionist if they were opened.  
Instead of saying they open at night now only, she says 'they been closed for a long time now.'  Later that night, I met some friends who took me to the exact same place for cocktails.  The Cafe turned into a bar.  If they hadn't I would've posted under my review on the coffee shop that they were closed.We decided to stay here because we got an awesome deal on hotels.com for our 4 night stay in NOLA.  I'm so glad we decided to stay here rather than a chain hotel.  I absolutely LOVED this hotel.  It really gave a New Orleans feel.  The hotel itself is very unique and extremely welcoming. I loved the layout of the room and modern city feel it had.  The beds were comfortable. The shower was unique.  The location was awesome. Everything was within walking distance. And as an added plus, we were upgraded to another room which was awesome because we had our 3 year old with us and the extra space in the room really helped. 
Housekeeping came the first full day we were there. They made the bed and gave us new towels. The second day they came, they only gave us new towels. The third day they didn't come at all. But we were able to get whatever we needed from the front desk. It was not a big deal to us that house keeping didn't always come. The price we paid per night compared to other hotels in the area was worth us having to make our own bed and ask for new towels.  
On our last night there, we stopped at the bar to have one last drink. Props to the bartender (I think her name was Michelle). She was extremely welcoming and personable and really good at her job.  
I totally recommend this hotel. Yes, housekeeping didn't always come. But again, not a big deal to us.  We will definitely stay here the next time we're in New Orleans.My favorite thing about this hotel was the boutique and hip style.  It was also a short walk from the French quarters so that was another plus.  Not to far from the hustle and bustle but also not directly in the middle of it.  There is a coffee shop inside and amazing patio seating outside to enjoy your drink alcoholic or not. There is a lounge upstairs that also looked like a fantastic place to enjoy your drink and socialize.  After visiting many hotels in Europe the half door showers didn't faze me.  This could be a little awkward if you're not sharing the room  with your SO.  The water pressure also was not powerful as others had mentioned.  The rooms were clean upon arrival and we were lucky to be able to check in earlier, which we are super thankful for since we had flown red eye.Stayed here after saints game. Paid $200 a night. They had a fraternity party booked all night. Its 10 PM and its louder than staying on bourbon. Worst hotel experience of my life. Called to Complain. No help. This place is terrible.Meh. Room was smelly and tiny. At $150/night was over priced. Checked in and out within 20 minutes and went somewhere else better. Happily the hotel didn't charge us anything. Need some hipsters from Brooklyn to swank it up, lots of potential.Trendy decor and a cute lobby cat, but I can't recommend staying here. It's so LOUD. 
If you decide to stay here and they put you in pretty much any room on the bottom floor, especially rooms 1-3, ask to move. We were in room 2 and basically had no privacy and no escape from the constant noise of people in the lobby, at the bar, and right outside our window in the courtyard. At 12:30 at night the bar was still popping off so we complained about the noise and were told the bar was being closed and the noise would be dealt with. 2 AM people were still partying and hollering. Seriously the walls at this place are so paper thin, you feel like you're staying in a dorm, which is not worth the price tag.This hotel was so welcoming. I stayed at Ace last year and my room was dark and like a dungeon, just the opposite here!  The room was perfect, complete with a balcony. I really felt at home and the hotel employees were polite and professional. The location is perfect, quiet enough to sleep but only a short walk to the Quarter. The bar in the lobby was a fun place to grab a drink. Can't wait to stay here again!!This hotel has a lot of potential but does very poorly on the execution. The vibe and the ambience of the hotel is very cute. Very minimal but colorful at the same time. The location was very close to Canal and Bourbon so we that was a great plus to save on not driving everywhere. It was also far enough away were we didn't hear any craziness from the crowds. We arrived earlier than expected, and staff lets us keep our bag there while we explored and waited for our room was ready. The room was even prepared earlier than he told us which was very nice of the staff to do. The staff didn't do much else after that, they very chill, almost too chill. We past the desk a few times with the desk empty of the employee covered in a blanket watching tv or with their eyes closed. The two stars mainly come the cleanliness of the room itself, which is mainly why I stay in hotels. The room had scuff marks and DUST EVERYWHERE. Like a disgusting amount on the headboards, the phone, and especially the floor. We had to wash our feet multiple times after stepping around the floor barefoot. The room itself was kind of small but I didn't mind. There wasn't a shower curtain orthey just had wooden planks you stood on, so cleanliness was again questioned. The bed was clean I guess, if you move around in bed you could easily see stains on the mattress. Overall, the hotel was ok I wouldn't stay there again mainly just because it's just not clean. They need to sweep and mop the floors daily, as well as dust the rooms. Also consider putting up a shower rod and curtain.I stayed here for a few days and it's a very trendy, picturesque place! guess it depends on when you go? (Like I expect it to be loud anywhere during mardi gras season) It could use a few touch-ups so if you're a big germaphobe, you should pick somewhere else. When I got to my guest room, it was kinda small and I was a bit disappointed because it didn't look as nice as the pictures on the website. However, the staff was super nice about it and shoutout to Nathaniel who took charge and upgraded me to the master suite!! Now, THAT room is something worth coming to the Catahoula hotel for. It's spacious, beautiful and had a double shower! So if you're gonna stay here, I recommend booking the master suite :)We didn't stay here, but the rooftop and lower bars are great if you want to escape the chaos of Bourbon St. The bar staff is also wonderful.wow i saw bad reviews but just ignored it, book 4 days, ended it up leaving after 2 days. it was so dirty beyond belief, they didnt clean the toilets for 2 days, dirty sheets and floor. shower was nasty. no ventilation. 
i almost flt like i was in a hostel in the middle of no where, but a dirty one.
horrible front desk people, they will get an attitude for asking for an iron, they had hangers but was in the toilet closet and  that was the only place to hang your clothes, i guess if you dont mind peeing on your clothes.
management is horrible, they didnt care to find out why i was leaving early even though i emailed how bad it was.
beware do not stay here, pay an extra 30 dollars for a clean room. they should have the BBB Investigate how they are scamming people.YES! My husband and I just stayed here on a little mini-moon following our wedding and had a wonderful time! Great location, within walking distance to the French Quarter, etc. Staff was exceptional, coffee/baristas were amazing, bartenders/drinks were awesome. A perfect little refuge amidst the fun & craziness of this vibrant city. I'm already planning a girls weekend and my husband and I are talking about our next trip (soon!). Perfect hotel, perfect experience. Thank you for everything, Catahoula!This hotel has a lot of potential but does very poorly on the execution. The vibe and the ambience of the hotel is very cute. Very minimal but colorful at the same time. The location was very close to Canal and Bourbon so we that was a great plus to save on not driving everywhere. It was also far enough away were we didn't hear any craziness from the crowds. We arrived earlier than expected, and staff lets us keep our bag there while we explored and waited for our room was ready. The room was even prepared earlier than he told us which was very nice of the staff to do. The staff didn't do much else after that, they very chill, almost too chill. We past the desk a few times with the desk empty of the employee covered in a blanket watching tv or with their eyes closed. The two stars mainly come the cleanliness of the room itself, which is mainly why I stay in hotels. The room had scuff marks and DUST EVERYWHERE. Like a disgusting amount on the headboards, the phone, and especially the floor. We had to wash our feet multiple times after stepping around the floor barefoot. The room itself was kind of small but I didn't mind. There wasn't a shower curtain orthey just had wooden planks you stood on, so cleanliness was again questioned. The bed was clean I guess, if you move around in bed you could easily see stains on the mattress. Overall, the hotel was ok I wouldn't stay there again mainly just because it's just not clean. They need to sweep and mop the floors daily, as well as dust the rooms. Also consider putting up a shower rod and curtain.Hotel is pretty run down which is a shame because it would have had a really cool vibe if things weren't broken down and shabby.  Towel hooks were loose, there were unpatched holes and cracks and walls could use a fresh coat of paint.  Staff who checked us in was a little on the rude side too.  Hotel needs to hire friendlier people to man the front desk.  When it was time to check out, the front desk said they were unable to print my invoice and that they would email it to me, never received the email.I stayed at 3 hotels on my 4 day trip. Needless to say I learned a lot about myself as a traveler in 2020. But the catahoula was by far the coziest. The bed was comfy, the room was simple which to me is serene and the staff was friendly. I also appreciated the air quality... there were no musty or nasty cleaning product/ perfume/ air freshener smells (I'm very particular about this apparently). Another thing I liked was that there was a hand held shower which I personally appreciate because I know they can clean it properly after each guest. Had a few little quirks like the blind was broken in one room and the phone was broken in another but it didn't really matter at all. If I ever came back I would definitely choose this place again.Great hotel, definitely would recommend to anyone interested in staying in NOLA, but not in the French quarter. Awesome bar and great coffee too. Big shout out to James and Zoe, we got to talk to them for a while and they both made our stay very enjoyable!My friends and I didn't actually stay at this hotel but we were able to store our bags here until our Airbnb next door was ready. The two people working the front desk were so nice and encouraged us to hang out in the lobby, use the bathroom and charge our phones. We truly appreciate that! We got into town Friday morning and our Airbnb wasn't ready until Friday evening so allowing us to store our bags gave us the freedom to explore the city all day! 
The lobby is super cute and cozy. I loved the decorations. I would recommend this hotel based off of customer service aloneThis hotel is one of kind in a one of a kind city. Every detail is perfect and nothing was over looked. They have the best coffee program in the city (including stumptown) with fantastic baristas that double as amazing bartenders. 
If you ate every meal at this hotel it's be a little sad because it is such a great food city, but you would not be disappointed. It was shockingly fantastic in every way (and I had high expectations going in).
Just to say it one more time - no detail over looked and you will be total pleased with your experience - book it now.We loved the hotel and the location, but my goodness, the walls are thin! If you want to listen to the sex and conversations of everyone around you, stay here. 
But seriously, we loved the staff and location. The doors are just so thin. You can hear everything. And make sure you check the size of your room. We started in a 170 sq ft room. My sister and I were so cramped. We asked for a larger room which we received, but were just a few doors down from the
Loudest sexual partners! Good for them, but not good for my sleep!Disappointed in the cleanliness of the room and customer service. There was a hole in the wall by the leaking sink. Would be nice if there were a fridge in the room since there is no food provided earlier in the week. The toilet paper holder was missing from the wall. The water pressure in the shower made it hard to wash my hair. 
Bar staff was great otherwise. Just not what I expected from a boutique hotel. Attention to details make a world of difference.I stayed at the Catahoula this past week and it was great! I booked the guest room for 5 nights.  It was perfect. Clean and modern. Awesome location! Walking distance to everything! Gorgeous room, great patio, really nice bar! The resident kitty Gypsy was a bonus! I will stay here again for sure!Things you should know about Catahoula Hotel prior to booking. It's a small boutique hotel in the central business district. The lobby is really cool and the upstairs bar is also very well decorated. The rooms are small, be prepared! Do not expect frills from this place. It's "modern minimalist" vibe was cool but ultimately my husband and I felt it didn't meet our standards. The room was small yes but felt unclean. The bedding had period stains on the blanket. The bathroom and shower are quite literally in the room, so if you take a hot shower the whole room gets damp. The toilet seat did not sit straight. No place to put your used towels except a hook next to the shower. The room uses regular keys and felt like could have been easily broken into (my husband checked in the doorway and it looked like someone already had). The courtyard and a lot of the base floor is outside, and when it rains in NOLA (every single day) left puddles all over the place and the staff did not wipe it up. No one sat in the courtyard when we stayed there and just generally felt uncomfortable. The rooftop bar was cool and comfortable but looked like it hadn't been cleaned the night before. The restaurant attached to the hotel is vegan so be aware if you plan to eat there. This place is dog friendly if you have pets, we did not. I think this is a great hotel if you're going away for a quick weekend with your friends and you're in your 20s and want an adventure. The rooms are also inexpensive $64/night. We ended up staying one night and switching to the Hilton which suited our speed much better. Thank you Catahoula Hotel staff for helping us check in early and for being nice.Terrible experience. They had a fraternity party booked all night. So loud. Called front desk. No manager on duty. This place is terrible.This is a review for their downstairs bar and their soon-to-be rooftop bar.
Sure, it doesn't have the charm of Ace Hotel's rooftop bar, but it was actually someone working at Alto who recommended we check out Catahoula for something more lowkey and hidden.
The rooftop bar wasn't open yet, as they were still contructing the actual bar, but the bartenders said we could go up, but had to order drinks from the first floor bar. Not a problem.
Where they're unique is that it's a pisco bar. Very Peruvian. Of course, they do pisco sours and pisco punches, but I went with their Chiclano Granada, which was a fruitier cocktail because I felt like being fancy. The drinks were excellent.
The rooftop, while only 3 floors up, is definitely going to be a cool place to hang once it's built out. A few lounge chairs, benches, and a table. Very tropical feel.
Also, they have happy hour specials! $6 cocktails and wines, and $4 beers from 4-7 on weekdays.I am severely disappointed that my experience with this hotel has turned so sour. The hotel looks absolutely adorable, and I was excited for my stay this weekend, but unfortunately my flight to New Orleans was canceled when I got to the airport and there was no realistic option for continuing the trip as I was only going for two nights.
I called the hotel to immediately inform them of the situation and cancel my reservation and could not get in touch with anyone for over two hours. When I finally got in touch with the hostess, who was very sweet, she informed me due to hotel policy they could only refund my second night as I had not canceled early enough (fine, I get it, it's shady but it's policy). 
Instead of refunding my second night stay the hotel immediately charged me for an additional night, for services I was never able to use. When I called them on Friday night to let them know about the mistake they insisted they did nothing incorrect on their end. The finance manager, Jeremy, literally REFUSED to speak to me regarding the issue and made his hostess relay all the information to me, saying I could call back Monday to sort it out. ABSOLUTELY HORRENDOUS CUSTOMER SERVICE, sleazy, money hungry managers, and overall terrible way to treat a customer.
While the hotel is very cute, there are so many other options in New Orleans, with reputable and kind managers who will get my business from now on.One of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. They were so accommodating and it was such a convenient distance from the French quarter. I'll definitely be staying here again. Thank you Delores and Nathaniel !Staff was nice, but the hotel is RUNNED DOWN! for the price it's not worth it. Also parking is horrible!! There is none dedicated for this hotel alone! We got lucky with a spot right in front and free parking for the holiday but there aren't many places. Pretty crappy. It has so much potential but the staff who maintains it or cleans it is just not doing it! I tried to open the window cover to see outside but couldn't because it was just taped one there. Also paper thin walls, tiny room, and loud squeaky stairs. This places needs some tlc and it would be better! Their bed was very comfortable though and the shower and many areas to hang stuff came in handy. FYI they have a dog charge even though it's not posted on the third party website and employees don't notify you when you let them know when they call.I think this hotel is really cute + it's very nice! I love the atmosphere, I love the area + i love the interior. As I am writing this I am laying here in one of your beds. My cousins who are from here even said that they will recommend this place to their friends when they come into town because they love that it's small + private. The only downfall is the noise!!!!! Please if someone is staying on the bottom floor in room 1 or 2 there needs to be a warning! I am a light sleeper + i already have trouble sleeping at night. Why do I want to hear how loud everyone is talking at 6am!!!! Why does my window have to face the gate that they keep slamming every 5 minutes! I don't need someone talking about how they need to find better baristas, or how they are here to check in! I don't need to be in anyone's personal business. As I'm typing this it sounds like 3 of your employees just slammed the gate 3 separate times! How I know it was employees, well it's because they were talking about linen. I don't think guests would be talking about linen just randomly! There needs to be a lot more courtesy for the guests that are on the bottom floor. That is all! I know that I was a last minute booking, so I don't know if there is another option. Maybe I should ask, but even then it shouldn't be this loud! I live in L.A by a freeway + i encounter quieter times there! Please I hope that someone from your hotel reaches out + let's me know something! I don't want to wake up at 6am for the rest of my stay here! 
P.S The 2 stars is because the noise is just horrible! Nothing on the actual hotel! It is beautiful + the rooms are perfect in size for a boutique hotel!
So an update on my review. This morning I talked to the guy at the front desk + he was very accomodating. Told me that he would move me right away + put me in a quieter part of the hotel. As I am writing this, it's so nice and peaceful. Not a slam or a voice to be heard! Thank you so much Catahoula Hotel! Now you are a five star review for me! You are the hotel that I will want to stay at next time I come + visit family again!My wife and I checked in at 10PM on Wednesday August 28th with a reservation made months ago.  We reserved a room with a king size bed but were given a room so small and with a non-king size bed.  Host said they they are sold out but the next day, I over heard a different attendant offering a room with a king size bed to a customer over the phone.  Room 5 is where we stayed for 4 nights. The room is so small, no where to put our clothes...no closet at all.  Shower doesn't have a door so the room floor gets wet when taking a shower.  Even the bathroom sink is placed close to a desk outside a bathroom.
Requested lotion from front desk on Saturday afternoon.  Front desk said that they will deliver it to our room but we did not get it at all.
Checked out Sunday morning, asked for an invoice and said they couldn't print but will send it via email.  We did not get the invoice via email either.
This hotel has very poor customer service.  Will not come back at all.I haven't stayed in this hotel, but this review is for the hotel's customer service. I inadvertently booked a nonrefundable room a week and a half out through Hotel Tonight and immediately called and emailed to cancel and attempt to get a refund. The man I spoke to, Jeremy, was very polite, and the hotel cancelled the mistaken reservation without issue.Stayed here for 5 nights and it was wonderful! The staff was friendly/helpful each day that we saw them, and the aesthetics of the place was truly beautiful. There is also a hotel cat that seems to be well taken care of. So, extra points for that. Yes, it isn't like a normal hotel, and if you can't accept its unique characteristics, then it may not be for you. 
The rooms have a VERY open layout. The shower is not separated, which may add to the humidity of the room. But it's all part of the experience. After being in the room for about 5-10 minutes (and turning on the fan) I promise you won't even notice it being humid. 
I feel like some people here are a bit drama queens and really lack the adventurous spirit. Not all hotels give luxury rooms! Anyway, my boyfriend and I will definitely come back. We had one of the the smaller rooms but we'll try out one of the bigger rooms next time. We're all for supporting local businesses. And this is one that you should consider supporting too.We came here because they have a bag check on Bag BnB...these people were awesome...so friendly and accommodating while we were stuck trying to get home to Florida during a hurricane!!! Highly recommend!!!!I'm fairly aligned with the comments of my colleagues who stayed here last week for our annual team summit. 
The pros include: 
- super swanky rooftop lounge, while I didn't partake in the alcohol consumption, it was a great place to sit with a cold or hot beverage and get some work done - really enjoyed myself there
- The morning coffee bar was excellent, I loved being able to stumble 15 steps from my room and get an artisan caffeinated beverage (and a coffee cake muffin) to start my day. Would have  preferred if they offered some other breakfast/morning food alternatives but the coffee cake muffin was excellent
- The design of the rooms. I'm a fan of the minimalist industrial design trends so to bring them together was great. LOVED the high ceilings the look of the shower, the wood on concrete look
- Staff, top to bottom a great group work here. Friendly, helpful and apologetic if something was not up to snuff
- Location, just a 5 minute was from Canal on the opposite side of it than the French Quarter but certainly a convenient walk to the FQ with no struggle
The cons include:
- The room. So many design and comfort flaws. 
-- Rain shower was great to look at but operated terribly. Zero water pressure
-- What the heck was with the one time use soap bar?
-- I don't mind a little light from outside but there was no way to block out the street/alley lights from my room so it was like basically sleeping with the lights on every night
-- So many aesthetic design corners cut, terrible paint jobs, poor finishing on chair rails (who uses wood screws instead of finishing nails), stains on the concrete floor, and on and on - it looked like a rushed job
-- In-room humidity, good lord, I left a wet towel hanging in my bedroom to dry and by the time I got back my bed was damp
-- +1 to the non-automatic locking doors, I nearly left it open for the day but thankfuly I forgot something and had to turn back and was only able to lock it at that time
-- The arbitrary position of the television with all the wires exposed, again, just didn't look like it had been completed with any sort of attention to detail.
- Construction on the street made it near impossible to catch an uber/taxi
I think I might be done with boutique hotels in NOLA for now, give me the comforts of the big chains when I'm in town next, I just can't deal with the inconsistencies anymore despite their best efforts.8 day stay here! Hospitality was wonderful, I felt very accommodated. Rooms were intimate and had everything you needed, I recommend room 18 for a balcony view! Love that they are pet friendly and the working space downstairs was wonderful. It rained a few days during the stay, so there were a few times where I worked downstairs from the cozy space near the bar. Will be checking out their other locations as well as re- visiting if I'm ever in New Orleans again. Thank you Catahoula for going above and beyond for your guests!