Out of towner visiting, and the Cafe Au Lait was excellent and then they said you got a free refill which we redeemed the next day. Unheard of.  Barista on duty was also a character, had a good laugh.Best cappuccino I've had in a long time, perhaps since I was in Italy. Went 10 minutes before closing and they still were friendly, helpful and efficient. Very nice.Our favorite. We walk past 4 other coffee shops in order to get to Ccs from our house, but we pick it every time. If you like the frozen blended drinks, the turtle mochasippi is the absolute way to go. Their seasonal options are always a treat, and their pumpkin pie flavor is miles better than the Starbucks nonsense.Since I live a block from this coffee shop, I end up coming here rather than the Starbucks down the street.  The staff are friendly and we have grown to know each other over the past few months.  Tables and chairs are ways clean and there are plenty of plugs available to use for your laptop, phone or other devices.  There are tables with umbrellas outside that overlook busy Magazine Street and the Firehouse which give it a great curbside ambiance.  It's a welcoming place.Good local coffee ... Price is decent .. Cheaper than Starbucks so you get more coffee for your money but if your a coffee snob then you might think different of this coffee ... I thought it was rich in flavor ... Nice smell ... Not as strong as I liked but good .... Nice patio outside ... EnjoyThis is a pretty decent coffee shop.  I used to like it a lot more when I would go there to study, but now if I go there with friends to catch up or talk, I feel like I am interrupting the library-like atmosphere of students with really cool multicolored highlighters and big books.
I must say that when the weather is good, sitting outside is really sweet at this location.I stopped here instead of the Starbucks a block away because the line has look extremely shorter on previous times I've driven by on the way to Starbucks. Turns out there's a reason. There were about five people in the coffee house altogether and after waiting for 15 minutes on my latte, I had to leave without it in attempt to still try to make it to work on time (which I didn't). I understand getting backed up when there are a lot of people, but there weren't. In the morning before work is when they really need to be on top of their game as people are trying to get in and out quickly on their way to their jobs -- especially when it's not crowded. That's the part that I just really didn't understand. I wish I'd had a better experience because this location is great - with a lot of out door seating and seems to be a popular place for university students during the school year. But I'd be surprised if I chose this place again on my way to work as Starbucks down the block has been much more crowded and still taken less time - AND I manage to leave there with my coffee!I want to like this place so bad, because it's the closest coffee shop to my house, and the folks who work here are super friendly, and always remember our order. But the product is so lackluster! I can't speak for every type of drink because I haven't had them all, but the only way the coffee tastes decent is if drowned in sugary flavoring. Which, even some of the flavor a are questionable. Worst of all though is the chai latte. All it is is hot water and milk! Or so it tastes. C'mon CC's - please be better so I can enjoy your product! As it were I'm forced to go down to Starbucks, which has awesome product but terrible service. Why can't we get our coffee right in New Orleans!!!I know these are everywhere in NO, however it is the staff that make this a great place. we stopped in to get a nice cool drink and some coffee while wandering the Magazine street shops.  Emily should work in every customer service place.  At least they should all try to be as nice and efficient as her.   I wish we had a CC's in my town.  I might get a taste for coffee.  thanks for a nice friendly place to stop in an relax.this coffee shop is dear to my heart. (yes, this is about as sentimental as i'll get so relish the moment.) 
it has been a faithful companion during my graduate school studies.  i have personally blessed every chair in this establishment with my gluteus. i think i've ordered everything on the menu at some point. i have used both the ladies' and mens' rooms and can confidently state that girls are just as heinous as boys when it comes to cleanliness.  
the employees are awesome.  there's no "you've got to order something to steal our free wifi" rule like so many other establishments.  there are powerstrips galore for laptop usage. music isn't played at deafening levels so you can actually hear yourself think.  plus, they've got a quaint little courtyard area (shared with cafe rani) so on pleasant october days, you can sit outside and enjoy the phenomenal weather.
bonus: parking lot adjacent to the building. (but beware the hours from 10-5 as spandex-clad gym rats park in this lot so they can get their fitness on in the exercise facility that sits atop cc's.)
bonus 2: walking distance to many restaurants along magazine.The coffee shop itself was cute and had nice looking snacks.  The staff was a bit pretentious and the coffee was not very good.  I would recommend Hey Cafe or Mojo over this place.I just came here to say that the people working here are ridiculously nice. No matter the weather or the time of day, they're always genuinely welcoming and warm, which isn't something you always get in a chain coffee shop. The coffee is good too, and they make excellent chocolate chip cookies. That's all!There is nothing....bad about this place....except that the chai is terrible and all of the nice places to lounge are in front of all of the doors so if it is raining you get wet. 
Blargh 
Get your chai to go.What a great place. Definitely a local hang out. The coffee was good and we sat outside in the sun. It's fun watching people come and go from this place.This is by far my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. They have a great variety of delicious products and the staff couldn't be more friendly. I go there 3-4 times a week and it's my favorite place for reading, studying or meeting with friends. I'm very traditional, so every time I go I get a black coffee, which is always good and fresh (never too acid, like in other places). PLUS! If you stay in the location, you get free refill!A standard CCs location: clean, friendly staff, good iced coffee.  Also boasts free Wi-Fi and outdoor seating under FANS!!!
The seating fills up pretty quick and the inside seating is tight sometimes.
For being such a busy corner, I've never had trouble parking my car.  Unfortunately it lacks a legitimate bike rack, but there are lots of things to lock up to.Upon trying CC's for the first time, I ordered a turtle mochasippi and it was HEAVEN. better than anything I've ever gotten at starbucks, by far. I wish they had this place in California!i looove cc's  - delicious coffee, good pastries if you're hungry, and comfortable atmosphere.  it gets a bit crowded at times but i've always found a spot to sit... many people bring their dogs and sit outside on a pretty day.  free wi-fi is a plus, as well. 
ps. try the vanilla hazelnut mochassippi-  um, its heaven :)I love that I live a block away from Rue de la Course, Starbucks, and this CC's. I do frequent all these coffee shops, but this CC's is where I go when I want to get a Mochassippi and sit outside in the sun at their patio. Starbucks and Rue also have outdoor seating, but it's mostly in the shade. The only annoying thing about this location is that the patio can get loud due to the Cafe Rani crowd. 
Everyone who works here is so sweet- their customer service alone is 5 stars! There are many tables, free internet access, and even another room away from the ordering area for some peace and quiet. I wish there were more than two big leather chairs- as those are really what I'm going there for. hehe.Pretty standard in my opinion.  Stopped by this place on a recent vacation in Nola.  Wanted to try one of the local guys rather than the usual suspects.  Nothing to write home about really.  I had a cafe mocha and my wife had a standard cup of black java.  the moch was way too sweet for my taste and you couldn't really taste the espresso in it.  They did offer a variey of coffee roasts including chicory, which is something us northerners don't see too often.  Our drinks were acceptable but nothing special.Nice location on Magazine for CC's. Inside is clean and the barista makes a great Capuchino, not too much milk. A big plus for me is the table and chairs outside that you can enjoy your drink and watch the sights. They also have a nice variety of pastries, big cookies and sweets.This location along Magazine Street in the Garden District, is a hot spot for studying students on a Saturday afternoon.Only popped in for a chai latte to go so the review will be based solely on my brief walk in and out. 
There was no line, the chai latte was less than $5, and both the server and the barister were super friendly. The chai latte tasted great too. I realized that they used a chai tea bag in their lattes also. I've never seen this before but it was a pleasant surprise as the latte tasted great.
So yeah, not much else to say about it. Made me a good chai latte so I can't complain!Very pleasant indoor setting.  Outdoor seats are available. Good coffee. Courteous staff.  Quaint neighborhood with nice restaurants for a lunchtime break.This is a much larger one to the one in the French Quarter. WI-FI is free and FAST. Coffee, tea and pastry selections are great. Very comfortable, though sometimes chilled too much to around freezing level when it's hot outside. Great place to hang to kill a few minutes and people-watch the locals coming in and out. Last time I was there the NOPD officers were in there sipping java, cooling off and chatting with the locals.I'm giving this CC's three stars because truthfully, their espresso sucks.
Now don't curse me for this, I really love CC's coffee, but I gave it a couple of shots and both times I had to spit out my iced espresso drinks.  Burnt ucky ucky ...
This doesn't mean that I dislike CC's overall, and I'm not blaming the barista's it's probably not their fault it was just gross.
Maybe I'll give it another try soon and update the review.
The space is nice though and it's in a good location on magazine.I got a tea latte with the dragon green tea. It was wonderful and hit the spot. It had pure cane sugar, steamed milk, and two tea bags that smelled wonderful. Cute place at isn't cramped. Nice staff. Nice little cafe joint.I'm a fan. CC's got all the right elements of a good coffee house in my opinion. Lots of seating and space, a variety of pastries, free wifi, and long hours. The noise levels are pretty reasonable. Locals will chit chat but it's not crazy noisy and distracting. The dark roast coffee is pretty decent, and this is coming from a coffee snob.
I wouldn't call this a fancy or cozy place by any means. It's just a friendly and straightforward local coffee shop.Good Service...when newly hired employees start it can be a bit aggravating but hands down best CC's location in town! Free Wi-Fi tooWhile this place is a chain, I give 5 stars for the great costumer service I was given. I went to this place on MLK day and sat outside reading my book and having an ice coffee. I left after I finished my book and I didn't know at the time but I left my father's bookmark I've been using since his death. I didn't realized it was missing for a couple of days so I went back to CC's to inquire if they had a lost & found box. To great delight, I was reunited with my father's bookmark! I was trying to hold back tears while trying to explain to the woman behind the counter about it.
 Thank you CC's staff and the people of Magazine St. for not throwing a raggity old bookmark away. I truly appreciate it!Don't bother if there is a line, I ordered a birthday Cake Mochasippi and waited over 15 minutes as I watched other orders of the same type go through before mine. I didn't say anything at first because all the cold drinks leaving were pumpkin, so I assumed there was a large batch made and they were filling as many orders as possible. When I saw they were making them individually, I asked politely why orders taken after mine where being made and I got a pointed answer of "it is right here". I understood the hot drinks leaving before my cold, blended drink, but I couldn't understand why the orders got mixed up and no one tried to correct it.
I will continue to pay for Starbucks, at least they can keep there orders in the order they receive them; and if they make this kind of error, they correct it and ensure you leave happy and don't pay for their mistake.Coffee wasn't bad. Convenient location and free wifi are the reasons I chose to spend the day here. I will say you get free refills on iced coffee while you stay so that's pretty great. By the way,  it's hella cold so bring a sweater and a shirt that's not see through.Stopped in a few times while staying of Magazine Street, enjoyed the coffee, leather lounge chairs and vibe.  When overcharged, the staff was quick to remedy the bill and shared an extra biscotti as a treat.good drinks, comfy seats, wi-fi, nice people... not much else you can ask of a coffee shop.Frozen coffee drinks are better than any national chain, iced coffee is strong, harvest cookies go great with anything, and the staff is on top of their game.  Plenty of work space except during finals.Order a pastry and a cup of chicory coffee. The people working are friendly and accommodating.Great study spot and not as busy (or rather.. as noisy) as the other CC's locations.  They also have a huge selection of sugar free sweeteners.  They're local and efficient.. and great customer service.  Reg coffees have free refills, so they keep poor students like me coming back!
And if you are craving something sweet.. their choc chip cookies really hit the spot (or if it's Carnival season.. king cake!).  Plus, you can walk to a lot of restaurants on Magazine for a study break.Quiet, friendly, free wifi, outdoor seating, good coffee! I've always thought CC's did coffee right. They know how to create the perfect coffeehouse atmosphere.Turtle mochasippy! ...Or whatever it was called that has caramel, hazulnut and coffee. Great space for laptop work (outlets everywhere) and sitting around to people watch. Yes, I'm creepy.Good location, quant.  Nice outdoor seating.Always great service! They give great suggestions and make your morning happier. Love the staff here.I often stop at this CCs location when I'm out and about shopping and need a cool drink or a stop to sit.  For the location, there is a lot of room..unless a huge group of women are having a baby shower. Seriously, who hosts a baby shower at a coffee shop...without warning the employees. Bizarre.
There are usually lots of folks using this as an office and/or study hall, but I've never actually been shushed here so maybe the less high strung work here.
Last time I was in, I had some lemonade concoction. I should have read the description better. I thought I was getting frozen lemonade, but instead it was a lemon smoothie...or something. Lemons & milk, ick. But that might just be me. Next time I'm sticking with iced tea.
Bonus: I have accidentally stalked our new CM Morgan here. So that's fun.CC's is a most respectable local chain of coffee shops in New Orleans. This location has some extremely nice employees (actually just about every CC's Coffee House has top notch customer service) and if you dislike the corporate coffeehouse vibe inside (not too terribly sterile, however), you can sit outside in the courtyard (plenty of shady spots available, and even some overhead fans).
Community Coffee is a local roaster so even though this is a chain, you're supporting a local business... hooray for that!
Oh and I'm extremely grateful for all those available outlets (inside) and free wifi.Not my favorite CC's but a good spot to grab a semi-cheap cup of coffee.Good Lord. Parking in this area on a Saturday is a beast!
Pretty cool little place. The large ice coffee is really large. I like that they have a "bar" area where you can sit and hang out. The only real con about this place is it's SUPER busy and the line is pretty long when you are waiting to get coffee. They do have a lot of beverage and pastry choices, so that makes up for it.CC's on Magazine is my new neighborhood "regular" coffee shop. I love that it is both on my way to work and within walking distance from my house. The Starbucks is actually closer for me, but between the fact that CC's is a Louisiana company, the richness of the coffee, and the super friendly people that work behind the counter, I am glad to walk the extra block. The outside patio is a great place to enjoy a nice New Orleans day. I'm a big fan of the Café Au Lait myself, but I have found most of their coffee to be very tasty and never bitter. (I'm looking at you again Starbucks.) There is nothing fancy about this coffee shop, but a nice environment and a friendly staff bump this place up to well above average.This is a pretty standard CC's, but I frequent here and have always enjoyed it as the coffee place around the corner. There is a Rue right up the street, but this CC's may win on the sheer might of its power strip supremacy. 
One Star - So convenient. Right around the corner from my house and right in the middle of some of my favorite Magazine street eateries. 
Two Stars - I am not a big coffee drinker, but I have enjoyed the stuff I do get and during a blustery day in January their hot chocolate with loads of whipped cream on top hit the spot. 
Three Stars - Cozy, relaxed atmosphere. No one is shooing you out for camping at a table for the day. Also, nice patio seating on good weather days. 
Four Stars - the wifi always works and is free. It astounds me when I find a coffee shop that does not have working wifi. I am sorry.... in 2011 this is a must if you plan on setting up a business that sells ground coffee beans in milk and provide some tables to sit at. 
Five Stars - SO MANY POWER STRIPS. LIke wifi, having a well established supply of plugs and power strips is a must. Thank you CC's for understanding that.You can get a decent cup of coffee here.  If you're in the area on Magazine St. it'll do, but it's nothing that I would search out for.
When I went to CC's the other day I had my usual Iced Soy Latte that I get from pretty much everywhere I go.  It was a decent latte; nothing extremely spectacular but one that will suffice a quick drink on a warm Saturday afternoon.
I drink Community Coffee at home rather than Starbucks because it is local.  So I do give them that.This was my first time trying a CC's.  I ran in for a quick cup of coffee around 7pm.  I was literally the only one in line and had to wait an awkward minute or two for the two "baristas" to finish their very personal conversation before they asked me what I wanted. (Oh- they watched me walk in also).  
The small cup of plain coffee cost more than at Starbucks with half the charm and hospitality.Yay for chicory coffee! I had their new iced cold brew with chicory (don't ask me the name) with condensed milk I think and it was amazing. The perfect pick me up for a long afternoon of shopping and sightseeing.If I worked here, I'd eat all the award winning choco chip cookies in the pastry case.Quiet, free WiFi, clean, great coffee with outdoor seating.  What's not to love?Last year I got in a pretty heated debate with an acquaintance about the merit of local coffee shops in good ole' NOLA. I took the hard line that they never had good service, a good quality of products, their staff didn't know coffee and didn't know how to make anything correctly. In the desperation that is finals, I HAD to get out of the house and work somewhere else, and ended up at CC's because its the closest. Just negate all my above statements about local coffee shops and I give you: CC's on Magazine. Tasty pastries (which I thought wasn't possible to find in 99.9% of coffee shops), good espresso and tea, charming staff that knows how to make a drink well--and knows what to suggest if you're not sure--lots of seating and friendly customers. Seating can fill up, probably because of said qualities, but I always ask if a fellow studier minds if I join their table, and they always say yes and it sometimes leads to really interest conversation. CC's could become my second home.I head to CCs whenever I get the chance. It's local, one of our very own home grown businesses. Great coffee, food and eager to please employees. You can plug up your computer or phone and sit all day if you like. They have various Louisiana style note cards and magnets and photos to appeal to the local or out of townsfolk. Just in case you want something to remind you of our lovely state.My best friend loves to get his coffee at a shop down the street from CC's. Most Saturdays I go with him,  but every time, the place is noisy and the service is without a smile. It just doesn't feel like a place I want to veg out in. So the other day I called and said let's try CC's instead. Besides, it's closer to my house. We walked in and were helped by a girl named Liz. She had a big smile and a witty personality. I needed some carbs but don't like English Muffins so she suggested I get a breakfast sandwich on a plain bagel. Deal.  The guy making our drinks was Brooks I think. He was nice and professional confirming what we ordered. What surprised me was that after ordering, we sat at the end of the counter, a bar area. We were discussing an old house I'm restoring and didn't really pay attention to anything else. In a few minutes there was nice woman with a big smile standing there with our drinks. Brandy was her name. She said' You guys had the iced vanilla latte's?" and sat our drinks right down. She then brought our sandwiches to us as well. I made a comment, something like "Sweet, full service!" and she said "Well, I want my customers to be happy" and shot us another big ol' smile then bopped away to the back. 
I noticed all three employees seemed to treat the customers like neighbors. This is the type of coffee shop I really like. I came back this morning itching for a breakfast sandwich and saw Liz at the counter, she smiled and said" Iced...latte'? rats I can't remember the flavor". I told her "Vanilla" she giggled and said "test me next time and I promise I'll remember".  The music was relaxing and again the service was, well just friendly and inviting.Ahhhhh I found another one!  I love to go to the one on Royal St in the French Quarter but my husband and I were in the Garden District yesterday and stumbled upon this location- and it didn't disappoint.  I love Community Coffee, it's probably some of my favorite coffee ever, and this location is nice to sit and relax in- comfy chairs, plenty of windows to people watch.  Glad to find it!This is my favorite study spot. I like studying in the cold, and it's COLD in here. and they're open until 930 too. They have lots of plugs for people to sit down with their laptops. There's always people coming in and out, so a table always frees up quickly. Food and drink options are like all the other CC's around town. WIFI is also fast and fairly reliable. You can park on the street for $1.50 and hour for 2 hours, or around the corner for free, for 2 hours, or behind the block for free for unlimited time.With a plethora of great coffee beverages and a nice vibe here on Magazine how can you go wrong? Much better in my personal opinion than PJ's. M
I had a cold brew and added a shot of espresso to make it an iced redeye. Big sitting area with local sipping while they worked or studied and a few tables out front as well.
Very inviting and very Louisiana. Certainly would stop by again.This is my favorite of all the CC's I've visited, (and believe me when I say that since I moved to NOLA, I've been to lots of coffee houses to lesson plan). I have to say, although CC's is a chain, the quality of the drinks and the locations are consistently high. Theirs is my favorite chai, frozen, iced, or a piping hot latte. The chamomile is not bad, although I wish they had honey in a bottle, not in wasteful little packets.
Because of the outside seating, there's a lot of space and tables available. The vibe is great for working, since it seems like everyone who comes by has a laptop and is studying or lesson planning. Outlets galore, free wireless, and at the end of the night, free pastries (shhhh, don't tell). I have never had trouble parking nearby, either.
This particular spot's my favorite, however, because of the staff. No aloof hipster vibe like at Rue. Smokey is the nicest barista I've met in this whole city. He used to teach music to elementary school students and is super friendly and cool, so be sure to say hi and see if he'll come into your classroom!Everyone here is great
Brooks,brandy and Ashley take care of me every time I come in.  Awsome storeI'm not sure what the CC in CC's Coffee House stands for, but I am sure about their cordial hospitality, consistent service, clean coffee shop, and caffeinated beverages! CC's is a great alternative to the more well known coffee establishments around the corner. Instead of crowds and pre-packaged service, you get individualized care and thoughtful customer service at CC's. I usually go for the chai latte, and sometimes I add vanilla flavoring to it. I should branch out, but I haven't yet. The shop is spacious, with windows facing Magazine St. (perfect for people watching). They have both indoor and outdoor seating, which is a plus. They also have free wifi available, if you're into that. :) While you're there, make sure you get a CC's Coffee House Loyalty Card! The card is free of charge, so why not? And, they give you many opportunities to get free drinks... For instance, free drink just for registering the card online, free drink for your birthday, and free drinks for every 40 point's you accumulate on the card (each dollar you spend = one point!).I'M SORRY: 
Our system is down and you can't use your prepaid coffee card, nor can you get points for your visit today.
I'M SORRY: 
Our wifi is also down... and has been since yesterday.
I'M SORRY: 
We moved our microwave to behind the counter, so if your breakfast sandwich isn't heated enough to melt the cold cheese square, you'll have to wait back in line.
I'M SORRY:
We moved both the butter and jelly to behind the counter, so if you discover that your breakfast sandwich is dry and wanting for strawberry jam, you'll have to wait back in line.
I'M SORRY: 
We moved all the utensils to behind the counter, so If you didn't specifically ask for plasticware to spread said jam, you'll have to wait back in line.
I'M SORRY:
If after all these delays your breakfast sandwich has gone cold, you'll have to wait back in line to have it reheated.
...YET ANOTHER CC'S RUINED BY CORPORATE and their ill conceived bourgie Starbucks-ification revamp.  
***actual customer experience 8 - 9AM, 7 September '14.GLITCHES...YET AGAIN
1. The awards system was down so no point redemption.
2. They forgot I had ordered a breakfast sandwich - so I was forced to cut in line to remind them: uncomfortable.
3. Then it wasn't heated enough to melt the cheese; so again I had to jump the queue.
4. The soap dispenser in the men's room was broken - not hygienic (where did staff wash up?) 
AND IF YOU AREN'T PART OF THEIR CLIQUE
you are passed over for the one behind you.CC's is an extremely nice space to sit with a good book or your device and get work done.  They have plenty of seating, and it has a good feel for that.  There are lots of outlets, too.
The price of a regular cup of coffee was around $2.50, and it was bottomless.  I thought that was a good deal.
The desserts could be fresher.  The location is excellent in the Garden District.  The employees were very nice, however.Came here to study bc there's lots of tables inside and out, lots of light pouring in, free wifi, lots of outlets and free off street parking (which was full when I got here, but still a nice thought). Ordered a coffee and the lady behind the counter offered me a fresh pot if I didn't mind waiting a bit. Ordered a ham and Swiss croissant which hit the spot. Pleasant temp inside except when the AC kicks in intermittently, then it's COLD! Bring a sweater.This spot is your typical coffee chain in this country. They serve overly sugared drinks that are supposed to be coffee when it's more sugar & milk.I'm Team CC's. I'm boring when it comes to coffee, and am pleased as pie to enjoy a grande mocha with an extra shot with a plain bagel and cream cheese. 
This is my Uptown CC's but as of late they've done some interior work, and I think it's taking away from the ambiance of the location, and looks a little wonky. They also haven't put any artwork back up on the walls in the front room. C'mon CC's, there is a ton of artist in New Orleans to embellish your walls!
I love to sit at the bar and in the front area because the back is near the bathroom and is sometimes really, really cold! The downfall of sitting in the front is the espresso machine and mochasippi ice demolisher reach a pitch that is ear-splitting. The background music is also comparable to elevator music so bring head phones and some musica.
I worry this brand/location is losing what makes it uniquely New Orleans. Hopefully they'll get some artwork in and remember that some coffee drinkers still like cooshy seats!So I'm giving this locale an update and an extra star because while the renovations through me off initially ('cause New Orleanians hate change) I think that it does make for a cleaner shop. I like their new digital display, and the bar stools at the little bar where I sit are comfier than the last stools. 
Things I'm not big on is they put a lot more tables in the front, and their just a tad too close for personal work space, though they updated the back area with much better seating and another bar like table for working at. 
The extra star is also for the staff. They're always really nice, as in, they make my drink, they take my dirty plate 'cause I'm too lazy to bring it to them sometimes, and they never kick me out when I'm typing feverishly into the night or pester me to order more food/drinks. 
*Pro-tips*: 
There is no cutlery at the station, but they're always really good at giving it to me.
They have a community board if you've got local flyers, which I always appreciate, though it's not huge, but I'm okay with that. 
...and they brought back some local art. Go CC's!One of my favorite spots in the city to hang out and enjoy an excellent cup of coffee. Their regular coffee is the perfect cup...just dark enough with some richness and a nice acid finish. If you want something a little more exotic they have the usual roster of macchiatos, mochas, lattes, etc., with frozen options being appropriate most any time of year here in the Northern tropics. They also have a good selection of noshables and treats and outdoor seating when weather permits.This cafe gets my loyalty forever because I used their bathroom during the renovation of my house. Also, it is more diverse than fair g's.  Recently they renovated and took away the water cooler which displeased me but it is still my go to coffee shop in the neighborhood.This is the best CC's mostly for the outside seating and the super comfortable leather chairs.  Fair Grinds is close and has better coffee.I hate to give a bad review when I've had good experiences on other visits. However, I've just come from CC's where I was planning to set up shop and get several hours' worth of work done.
After about 10 minutes the internet gave out. No problem, I'm no computer whiz but I pretty much know what I'm doing. Restarted the adapter, then restarted the laptop, ran a diagnostic check. I overhear another patron asking if anyone else's internet isn't working. We're both connected to the router but not to the internet--the problem is behind the router. Fine, I'll just ask the staff to reset it. I probably do this weekly at my own apartment. There is a reset button on every router for exactly this kind of situation. Easy fix, no big deal.
The manager tells me that the internet IS working. He knows this because he just used it on his phone a few minutes ago. Never mind that it's possible he actually used the phone's service network instead of the shop's wireless, or that the internet was working for ME a few minutes ago too, but now it's not. No, instead of taking my and two other patrons' word for it and just quickly rebooting the router to make sure, he argues with me and says he doesn't need to reset it. It's something wrong with my--our computers. He doesn't need to check the router. He knows this because he is the shift manager of a coffee shop.
After asking twice I left. I really do like this CC's, good coffee and great location--not many places are better to get work done than the little glassed-in triangular area in the front. And the individual staff who greet you at the counter are great. But I would really appreciate it if the management treated me like they value my patronage. I'm now at Fair Grinds up the street and my wireless has 5 bars.Probably closer to a 3.5.
I really like that this is a nice neighborhood coffee shop with outside seating. I was shocked at how packed it was at 11am. Really. It took me about 15 minutes from the time I ordered to the time I finally got my drink. It was nuts.
I ordered a mocha chip Mochassippi, which is basically their version of a frappuccino (which everyone knows, I'm sure). It was okay. Not as sweet as I was expecting, but all in all not bad.
The place is pretty loud inside, especially when there are a lot of people around, but you can reserve private rooms in the back for designated periods of time.
I'd go back, but probably after the morning rush.Average coffee....everything else fine.  But for me it's about the quality of the brew....and though it'snot BAD...it is quite expensive for the product.My favorite location in the world, but disappointed today.  When it gets dark, the lights need to come on outside! This is the second time I'm sitting in the dark for an hour before they come on. Turn on the lights CCs!Gave us the homey feeling of our local coffee shop even though we were 2000+ miles from home. Jackie is the best! When we accidentally put milk in our Americano instead of soy she was so gracious about making us a new one and it was delicious! She was also so welcoming and have us tips of cool places to check out around town. We ended up coming back 2 more times during our trip just to say hi and get the best Americano we had in town. We also really liked sitting outside at the tables.Really good coffee, plenty of chic locations around the city. Doesn't beat the atmosphere of Fair Grinds, but for a good straightforward cup of coffee (and stronger-flavored iced coffee than PJ's), definitely recommended.This CC's location features a good cup of coffee and a very respectable amount of indoor and outdoor seating.
The best bet is to grab a cup of coffee and a cinnamon roll then head out to patio to find a shady spot to watch the world go by.I LOVE this CC's!  The location is fantastic.  It's located on beautiful Esplanade Avenue, and the building is a uniquely shaped like a slice of your favorite pie.
We used to ride our bikes here when our family lived nearby, but now that it's too far to bike, we drive.  There is street parking, and even if you don't snag a rock star spot, you can park wherever, and enjoy the walk.  The neighborhood is gorgeous, and it's a great area to people watch.
Once inside the place is super cool.  Lots of local artists hang their stuff for decoration and for sale, and the prices aren't bad.
If there's a line when you arrive, it usually moves quickly.  The coffees and teas are delicious and so are the blueberry muffins.  Today I actually decided to behave myself and ordered a wheat bagel.  Yes, it's still a big, toasty, carb covered in cream cheese - and it was GOOD.  
My daughter had the peppermint bark mochasippi. Wow.  I'm not usually a big peppermint lover, but today, thanks to this drink, I was. 
There is seating inside and out, and you can't go wrong either way. 
Maybe I'm waxing nostalgic about this CC's because this was my old hood, but I keep coming back, so I think it's truly the bomb.With our rental car, we thought we'd venture out into the neighborhoods and get a feel for life in New Orleans outside of Bourbon. CC's Coffee House had a presence like Starbucks around here so we just thought we'd try it and charge our phones while we're at it. Street parking was plentiful as CC's is located next to a humongous cemetary. There are various tables that lined the sidewalk, but at this humidity we elected to sit inside. There was free wifi and plenty of tables.
-=-Iced Latte-=- was good, not great. I felt as though it was more milky and less coffee. I probably would not come back for the drinks, but with most of the crowd I saw here, most people just wanted a place to use the wifi.Friendly workers, amazing lattes and plenty of seating with outlets! Best caramel latte I've ever had and I've had tons. Nice breakfast options, limited but sufficient. You come to CC's for great coffee. If you want breakfast go to ruby slipper. But if you want great quality coffee and not going to break the bank......come to CCs!Though I'll always be a PJ's fan deep down, and remain convinced they make the BEST iced mochas in the city, this CC's is conveniently located and has a ton of outdoor seating. I find myself here from time to time, for meetings, for a caffeine fix, for more meetings. 
The inside is tiny and oddly shaped. It's one of those triangle buildings (which I love). There are probably more tables outside than in, but who cares when the weather is perfect? I'm almost positive this CC's also has a separate, semi-private room inside that I've scoped out as a potential venue for co-working meetups back in the day. Not sure if it's possible to reserve this or not, but I bet if you call them they'd let you know,It all works well. In the early morning the coffee moves so fast it is always fresh. Also friendly with children and small groups.I'm a huge fan of places with great outdoor seating! Especially since we have so many warm days in New Orleans.  This coffee shop is in a great location on Esplanade with plenty of outdoor seating!!  The iced coffee here is some of my favorite in the city! Usually a pretty good crowd here but never noisy.  Laid-back atmosphere!Love the outdoor seating on Esplanade Ave. Staff is friendly and helpful but you get the so-so coffee their famous for.  The food has always been good and consistent.My favorite of all the CCs locationsEsplanade Ave trees make me happy when I work outside. Respectful, diverse crowd creates an inclusive space for social or task meet-ups. Community Coffee hot and cold brews feature unlimited free refills and the message board always has intriguing options for locals. I love the staff here, friendly and efficient.This CC's brings back great memories for me, and I just happen to love CC's, which is why I frequent this location.  I love the outdoor seating on a pretty day.  This location does get crowded but if you stay long enough the crowds filter out on waves.  The inside is spacious and warm and I have always had good, quick consistent service, with quality beverages.This Esplanade Ave. coffee shop is located in a highly trafficked area and is, for obvious reasons, very popular. The staff are fairly friendly and the drinks are fine. The interior's a little dingy and has that corporate blah/sticky counter quality that you might expect at a fast food restaurant but probably don't want in a coffee shop. Good if you're passing through or snag a table outside in the shade, but not great if you're hunkering down to study/work for the afternoon.Nice and cozy CC's location full of locals and the staff was willing to put my coffee in a real cup. :-) Comfy and cozy inside, and the window corner is popular. Plenty of outside seating.I'm definitely a CC's girl all the way. I visited one of my favorite CC's today. I love the Esplanade Location. Not only for the location but the people. From the workers and just the people they attract. The workers are awesome and so sweet! This one lady who works the register is always so sweet and smiling and she really knows how to brighten up your day. She even keeps me informed on the Foursquare mayor, to help me in my quest to one day be mayor and get discounts!!! I mean come on someone who gives you tea and info!!! Even when clumsy me drops my tea, she happily gives me more without  a charge or anything else.
The people there, I don't know why but always seems to inspire me. Always different types of groups, meeting or doing work, coaches, teachers, students, political folks, you name it, they probably have met there. I get to see so many different types and  get a glimpse at some folks' passions, through my people watching at this location. 
Another thing I can say... I never have a problem getting a good table... NEVER.
I truly love this location, it definitely usually makes my day better when I visit.This is a great location. Wonderful scenery of beautiful Esplanade. This place is always full of locals reading and meeting. This coffee shop often remind me of why I love New Orleans, the people.Love it, love it!!  Cc's has ALWAYS been my preferred cafe.  One thing that crossed my mind when I lived away for a while was that I wouldn't have a Cc's.  The Esplanade location is one of the coolest one's and is a great place to think or study.I keep wanting to like this coffee shop because it's in my neighborhood and open in the evenings, but the music sucks, the place is LOUD as hell, and when it fills up, the sound really reverberates.  The coffee and staff are both fine, so if you're not sensitive to noisy environments, you might still enjoy it.The customer service is horrible. During my last visit, the staff member had an extremely nasty attitude.Excellent service and roomy, Also an area in the back where you can hold a mini conference/meeting.
The Caramel Mochasippi is a perfect imposter for caramel macchiato fans. 
Also, I have never had any fresh baked cookies (both chocolate chip and peanut  butter) from any other coffee shop that have been better than CC's. I wish I could get the recipe for their cookie dough, because it's perfect...i repeat...PERFECT.
There is outside seating with umbrellas if you're a fan of an Esplanade st view while you sit and chat or work on your laptop.
They close at 10, but if you're up working late, just head to The Bean Gallery on Carrolton, they close at midnight during the week.
I also don't recall a time I've been here and wasn't able to get a seat to get some work done. Never too crowded.One of my favorite neighborhood coffee shops and even since it is a chain I love it because its location and clientele. Located directly on the Esplanade Ave the shop has an eclectic crowd of tourists and locals. Its great to come and do some work while people watching. The coffee is typical CC's and they could remodel and add more windows that would be great to get more views of the street.Over the past six months, I have slowly stopped frequenting my neighborhood CC's. CC's coffee is my favorite in the city, and I have been very disappointed in the service and consistency of the drinks lately. FIrst, the wait time in line is always longer than it needs to be. They seem to be understaffed alot of the time. Most of the baristas are not very friendly. I order the same drink, and it is made a different way every time. I enjoy CC's pastries and still am a fan of the flavor of their coffee, but am very disappointed that one of the coffee shops in my neighborhood always seems to let me down.I love this coffee shop. It happened by default. I was looking for a café with the basics - prompt service, friendly attitudes, good coffee, nice ambience. 
Service - they'll get right to you and get your drink out in under 3 minutes. EVERYDAY! I love the baristas because they remember my name, what I drink and how I like it, and what I eat. I just walk up and they get it going right away. They smile and ask how your morning is going. LOVE THAT! Way to go Ms. Bernadette!
Ambience - omg the trees outside, the beautiful lighting, this is a YES!
The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they quality of the coffee isn't great, though drinks are well prepared. Also, when they are training new employees (which seems to happen often) they screw everything up.This coffee house became our favorite place to veg out before heading to Jazz Fest every day. Great  coffee (free refills!), very tasty muffins and different types of breakfast pastries.  The baristas were friendly and kept the crowd moving.  You could sit inside and use your laptop or, if the weather is not too hot, sit outside under large umbrellas and socialize.  After returning from a day at the Fest, there is nothing better than one of their frozen coffee drinks!After working two weeks in the swamp I needed civilization and this was perfect. The girl behind the counter even sold me a peanut butter cookie right out of the oven.  Run by Community Coffee Company, a New Orleans tradition, this small Louisiana chain makes each of their stores a bit different.  I'll visit whenever I'm in "Who Dat?" countryI really like coming here. Always have positive experiences until Dominique happened. Wow she had an attitude. She asked if my name starts with a C or K. I said it doesn't matter. She immediately raised her voice and said yes it does, it's my name, it needs to be spelled correctly, and I need to tell her. Then the yelling started. Then she threw something and walked off. Another employee had to take my order. Wow!!!!! It's never acceptable to yell at customers. When at work, stay professional. Keep the ghetto attitude at home.As far as coffee goes I love it, and the atmosphere is cute but it get so PACKED. I really only come here to take coffee out now. We used to sit outside with the dogs on our walks to City Park but now that we've discovered Fair Grinds we rarely actually sit down here. If I need the internet I'd rather go somewhere where people don't look at you funny if you ask if you can share their table when there is plenty of room. One thing I will say is that their bagels are more often than not really stale.It has taken me quite a few visits to warm up to CC's.  Everything I got tasted weird or made me feel weird.  The last thing I got at CC's was an iced coffee with half and half.  I think all the fat in the milk really brought out the taste of the coffee.  No other milk does it for CC's coffee. Trust me, I've tried.
The Mochasippis are okay.  My friend LOVES the Turtle Mochasippi drink, but her and I have very different opinions on what constitutes good coffee.  To me, good coffee is Jamaican Blue Mountain or Kona bean Cappucino (preferably chocolate or chocolate macadamia nut). To her... a Turtle Mochasippi.
CC's is always very clean, quiet, nicely arranged and decorated with plenty of seating.  This PJ's has outdoor seating, but it's Esplanade location makes parking a hit-or-miss. I believe if you buy a cup of coffee you can get refills throughout the day.  Or maybe that's PJ's I honestly can't remember.
They don't take Discover card which is a bummer.Always great! Plenty of outdoor and indoor seating. Ample on-street parking available and two large bike racks. This place is in a great location, near the New Orleans Museum of Art, historic homes on Esplanade, City Park, and great restaurants. Relative to most coffee shops, CC's has a good tea selection. The staff is always friendly and my order is always right!This CC's is nice.  I used to live a block away and I'd go here all the time.  I still go here for meetings.  The place is a triangle shaped building with a giant wrap around type window with the most popular table in the place giving a 270 degree view of the outside and Esplanade Ave.
On nice spring/fall days though, the outdoor seating under the umbrellas is the place to be.
They also have a small conference room with a flat panel (w/computer hookup) that you can rent for $20 that I've used on occasion for various meetings.  You can also use it without reserving it, but you can't make it exclusive.
The staff is always nice and always does a good job with my coffee order.  They've made it more scripted though from employees, probably to compete with the sterile environment that sheep want from something like a starbucks... but other than that it's very comfortable.This spot never disappoints. Fast friendly service & great coffee. Wi Fi is fast too.CC's is a local chain coffee shop in New Orleans. In terms of look and feel, it falls somewhere between tattooed baristas at the hipster joint and fully corporate national chains. It lacks the funky friendliness of smaller businesses, but avoids the snobbish nature of holier-than-thou spots. 
All that to say -- it's fine.
I got an iced coffee and drank it quickly, as the taste left much to be desired and without the smooth flavor of a cold pressed brew, I was just in it for the caffeine.
The bakery case held nothing for gluten free folks like me. I was able to scrounge together enough snacks to create a halfway decent breakfast. The "Picnic in the Park Bistro Box" was pleasant, with fruit and nuts and cheese. I also picked up a Sweet Street marshmallow treat, which was delightful. 
The tables on the patio are nice. The furniture isn't rickety, and you get a great view of the sidewalk and the pretty houses on Esplanade.
I would visit again, but only if my options were CC's or Starbucks. I'd still take a privately-owned shop as my first choice.So.... Did not want to write this review until I waS not groggy. This place is cool. I enjoy the interaction of workers and customers here. Errol is amazing. He makes these lattes and capps in amazing order. Nick is really amazing. He gives good suggestions on the many different ryoesnof coffees, lattes,espressos,teas etc. I prefer this location o. The morning.Pretty standard, as far as (local) chain coffee shops go. But, this is one that I can easily walk to so when I'm headed in that direction, I will stop by for a cup of tea. They have a great patio where you can people-watch on Esplanade, but when the weather is nice you will need to get their early to reserve your seat.As a neighborhood coffee shop, this location will always greet you with a smile from the staff and customers alike. The number of conversations and connections made in this space would boggle any visitor. 
They also have a decent sized meeting room, clean restrooms, plenty of outdoor seating, and a good bit of nature lighting.I have been to 16 JazzFest's including this year's 50th Anniversary and every day I meet my friends at this location of CC's. Not just for its proximity to the fairgrounds but also for the coffee, open and breezy art and pastries but also for the large outdoor patio that hugs this skinny, triangular coffee house where locals and tourists gather. Sitting outside, drinking some Joe on Esplanade surrounded by beautiful houses and trees in NOLA, what could be better? Or, sitting inside with lotsa windows or art to gaze at while sipping some java concoction? Either way, I always end up talking to new people and enjoying the vibe of this casual and satisfying joint.I dig this place. Coffee is decently priced, staff is pleasant, and almost every seat in the place give you a nice view and plenty of light. Sure, parking is hit or moss, but you might have to park a block away at most.
Bathroom is spacious, and they have a cool meeting/study room in the back.
Why only 3 stars? They could us a few more tables outside. I'd suggest adding a half-dozen small (1-2 person) tables and lose a couple of the bigger ones. The lack of seating is usually compounded by the larger tables taken by 1 or 2 people. This might help crowds here, as well. 
They have Wifi, but it can be a little slow.
Finally, this place is swarming with flies. I have killed 4 in the past hour.i love this spot- it was down the street from our Airbnb, Cute spot in the neighborhood i got the the white choxolate ice coffee so good and their cinnamon roll and my man got the tea, great service cute place.Ordered the egg not and French Vanilla Cappuccino, Delicious. Great service and EnvironmentActually ZERO stars, CC's. Negative points if I could. You're actually the most disgusting people I've ever known, your staff and clientele. Last night there were two gunmen on the loose in the neighborhood, police were everywhere, and when my friends and I were begging you to let us in, groceries in hand and nerves wrecked, you literally just STARED AT US AND DIDN'T DO ANYTHING. 
Are you kidding me? Cops were yelling at us to get inside your shop and you cowards, you spineless, useless, cowards not worth anything but the dried up dog crap in your plants, just stood behind your coffee counter and stared at us. Some of your customers were even motioning for us to try to get inside and your entirely awful staff just left us. We could've been physically harmed and our blood would be on your hands. I almost wish that were the case just to make it even harder for you sacks of excrement to sleep at night.
How dare you. How dare you put the lives of 6 young women in jeopardy. With police barricades surrounding our block, you were our only hope. I hope you're all happy with yourselves. I've never been more disgusted by a lack of a reaction, and from a company that claims to have the communities best interest in mind? I wish I could go back in time and smash a brick in your window, I truly do. You deserve nothing but hell and sorrow for how you treated me and my friends.
Burn and rot in effing hell, CC's. Burn and rot.The best CCs in New Orleans, or Louisiana. Great atmosphere with customer service. The location is beautifully set especially with the outside seating. For some reason this particular locations coffee taste better then the rest! Some of the best customer service I have ever had!Stopped in for an iced coffee. Covid has really done a number on this neighborhood spot. The inside was practically empty, as mostly all tables & chairs were removed. I saw about 3 tables inside which were occupied. There were plenty of tables & chairs outside that were mostly occupied as well. I know it'll be back soon & thriving.This is a culmination of my experiences over the last 10 or so times I have been here and would probably be better classified as a 3.5, so here goes. 
I love CC's coffee. Just a simple mocha, usually a double shot grande...sometimes hot and sometimes cold. The employees are always really nice and quick on the coffee draw. There is great local art up right now, and early in the mornings and closer to 6pm, the level of sound is just right. There is plenty of seating and a good bit of outlets. 
I used to post up to the left of the door. The problem with this is, like a dog waiting for its owner, I have to look up and see who comes in, and, no joke, 1 out of every 10 people I tend to know! If I wasn't working, this would be totally okay but I'm usually working. There was also a very kind gentleman from the Hare Krishna house from down the street that was a bit distracting to the point that I was considering changing up my go-to CC's spot. Another reason this was a problem is because the crescendo of the coffee shop when the espresso machine is running, plates are clacking, people are trying to talk over it all...it becomes borderline ear piercing to me even with headphones on. I've had this problem at other CC's too, and hope that they invest in sound smooshing panels. 
They just recently moved a display to hide three tables to the right of the door, and these tables have GREATLY alleviated a lot of these issues though they're still there for the peeps that sit on the other side of the partition. 
There are also plenty of seats outside! But be warned, there are certain tables that smokers gravitate to as visible by the butts on the ground, and they reek of smoke. Someone was smoking a cigar outside the other day at least 3 tables away, and I wanted to shake my finger at him for sullying my fresh Mid-City air on a beautiful day. Alas, it is a free country. 
I do like this location, and find myself at it multiple times a week. I love the CC's "debit card" because you get a free drink after so many points. I don't like to keep track because I like the surprise of a free drink. Today was a free drink day :).The Starbucks of the NOLA. I LOVE IT! Personally feel it's better than S.B.! The  the woman that took our order was cool af! Wish I got her name was rockin a blue blue print  CCs tee.I was in town for the weekend and randomly seen CC's coffee while driving. The coffee was great and the workers were very friendly. There also lots of outdoor seating and good parking nearby.CC's is New Orleans own Starbucks equivalent. They make a nice consistent cup of coffee at most locations. They offer an OK selection of pastries and snacks, plus a random variety of coffee accessories.
While CC's is a chain, this location is the best because of it's outdoor seating area under the oak trees surrounded by wonderful architecture in the greatest neighborhood in the city.King Cake Latte hot is super good!  I thought it was going to be too sweet but I was wrong. This location is right in the middle of a neighborhood so it's nice to sit in the patio and enjoy the view. Their ham and cheese croissant warmed delicious as well!Omg I just had the most unsanitary experience at CC's and I will probably never come back! I witnessed a customer digging in his behind and proceeded to reach over the cc's counter for milk. He continued to scratch his butt and pour sugar, and other items available to customers. I informed an employee like "hey you may want to sanitize and wipe down the things he touched" considering people are drinking, buying and putting things in their bodies that he just contaminated. She said "okay" then proceeded to do other task that did not involve making sure the customers don't get sick. Anyway I will never come back, I won't spend money to get sick. I didn't up throwing out my drink I bought.I've always liked this triangle shaped building.I remember going to a delicious restaurant in the 80s but it's been a coffee shop for a long time. I stopped in to grab a quick hot beverage on a chilly day. 
Service was quick and polite and my hot chocolate was tasty. Reliably good hot beverages and baked goods. Yay. 
But where this location is just a little bit better is the locale. I would love to sit at the table in the nose and read a book and feel like I'm in the prow of a ship. Seating isn't too jammed and folks were chilling and talking on this chilly morning. There is outside seating which would be lovely on a non-rainy not-cold day.The parking is street parking and it's on a triangular corner abs woopsie! I accidentally parked on the grass! 
However, they are gender neutral bathrooms which were clean, they have lots of outdoor seating and a cool atmosphere. 
I got a Frappuccino type thing and it was good. 
All the people were great.Came by in the early morning for a cup of Joe! Service was fast and friendly and the coffee was made quick and tasted amazing!CC on Esplanade is an original. Sidewalk drinking coffee people.  Everyone is friendly at this spot.Great location with ample parking on Esplanade and side streets. Nice outdoor and indoor seating options. Great baked goods, including pistachio muffins. I get the Espresso 22 with flavored syrup instead of regular- try the peppermint bark for a unique flavor sensation. 
Don't harass the staff! Beautiful women need to work too- leave them alone.Great place to seat and relax.  Coffee is great and hot.  As for the hot chocolate, it's not hot.  More like warm chocolate, but it's tasty.  The chocolate chip cookies is a must, especially when they warm them up.  Lots of outside seating and clean bathrooms.  They only have street parking and that can get tricky during peak times.My FAVORITE COFFEE House is CC's. I enjoy the hot and iced coffees. My new favorite is the S'mores coffee and cookies. I have never had a bad coffee here. The breakfast egg whites are also good. I love this location and the Metairie location. That one has a drive thru.CC's has always been a favoritecoffeespotwhen coffee drinking was foreign to Néw Orleans.  Some good ole hole in the wall bars are being wiped out due to the coffee craze.  CC's isstill there
But I have always loved bringing a cool beer while my coffee fanatic twin drank her coffee.   It has always been a meet and greet for locals.  The coffee is fantastic.   The service is great.  Everyone knows your name or see you regularly .  "It sits on our lovely Esplanade Avenue heading to City Park and moreNeeded to charge up my phone during a day of walking around, and couldn't have asked for a better place to find.
Not sure if CC's is a chain or a one-off, but this is a very nice place. It's lit like a chain and there's other aspects that remind me of a Dunkin Donuts, but the seating and customer service are that of a pleasant family owned locale.
I decided to get an iced peach black tea. It was great. Decor is pretty nice with various seating options. You've got comfortable table seating, sofa seating, and elevated bar seating. All seating options come with perhaps the most copious amount of power outlets I've ever seen. You could have 10 devices to charge and you'd be fine.
Employees were exceptionally friendly. Even though my iced tea was ~$2, they informed me that there were free refills and even told me what time they closed. It's such a small detail, but I thought that was pretty GGG of the dude. While leaving, another employee made sure to get my attention asking me to 'have a nice day.' This is a friendly place.
Stop in here if you want a good place to chill away from some of the more tourist trap'y places. Great to enjoy a cool beverage and charge your devices.
I'll be back.Check in often, even on a short vacation, to take advantage of periodic deals!  The espresso is great.  The jazzy dark blend is excellent.   I also enjoy the monster chocolate chunk cookie.  It tastes and looks like they broke up a few large chocolate bars in it!
It is off the crazy crowed path so you can usually get right in and set down to a relaxing street view.This place is OK, but there are many better options in town. My Latte was just OK.For my iced latte fix, I went to this CC location nearly every day on my week-long stay in new orleans. The days I strayed were the days I was seriously bummed by mediocre coffee. 
I see that, being a chain, CC is compared to starbucks in other reviews and I can understand why. You get fast and professional service, the pricing is average and the coffee is consistent. 
If I can get all those great things that I don't mind about starbucks but support a locally owned business - I am all for it. 
Sure you have to place your order using the ridiculous "tall/grande/venti" system. It pains me to order a "grande skinny iced latte" - Whatevs. 
I knocked one star off because of this one server, my first time in there that kept on finishing my sentences for me and talking over me while I tried to order. I can see where she was trying to be efficient but it bordered on annoying.Awesome coffee shop!!  For breakfast, we had oatmeal, regular coffee and a vanilla latte.  All were great tasting.  They also have great tasting pastries.  Staff was friendly & quick.  Even with a steady stream of customers, we never had to wait and there were plenty of tables to sit at.  Clean inside and a great location.  In the middle of the French Quarter.Great service, stumbled upon this place because my hotel only recommended PJ's. Way better, local feel, and Friendly environment. Angel gave us a an extra shot in our cappuccino!The latte was weak and bitter.  When I asked the staff doesn't even know what kind if espresso they use.My wife and I went here everyday we were in new orleans. The coffee is wonderful and staff is fantastic.I spent two days in here doing work.
The staff were really friendly and outgoing, which is not a given for a coffee shop.  
Over the course of the two days, I got two cafe au laits and a cup of green tea.  The cafe au laits were good, and the tea hit the spot (I needed to soothe my throat after enjoying the city).  In fact the guy was really knowledgeable about the tea and was able to describe its taste and history very well.  Bonus points for the tea being looseleaf and the employee being able to tell me the proper steeping time.
I also had a slice of the pecan praline King Cake, which was pretty good.  I'm sure there are better places to get King Cake in New Orleans, but this complemented my Cafe au Lait well.
The free wifi was usable.  There were plenty of outlets.  There were a couple of "comfy chairs" in the corner (which were available one day but not the other).
Added bonus: while walking to the cafe on the second day, we passed by an (Mardi Gras) Indian *and* a wedding parade!  (Note: this was about 2 months before Mardi Gras.)The black coffee at this shop was fine, but getting food to go was a frustrating experience. I was asked twice whether I'd like my scone to go and said yes twice, at which point my scone was put in the microwave, which I did not ask for, and put on a plate to stay, not to go. The scone had a doughy texture, not the texture of a good scone. I would not recommend these pastries based on this experience.Loved this Royal St staple. 
Smelled divine when we entered, like freshly baked brownies. We sat for a bit until we decided what we wanted to order. We both opted for their tea blends.
My friend wanted their fruit tea and I opted for their citrus Jasmine... Both were deliciously refreshing, and we split one of their fresh baked scones. Just the perfect amount of sweet.
I wish these were in Florida, because the service and the coffee/tea is so much better than the $BuxI want to start by saying I'm a local, and while I'm not a fan of the coffee at CC's, I'm a fan of CC's. 
I had a friend in town this week. The register was down. Our drinks and treats were comped. 
I told the girl at the register I'd be back, and I mean it. I'll come in for baked goods or something and patronize anywhere that is that great to its customers.I had an okay experience here. When I arrived the place was pretty packed and they had a small line formed. I thought I had time to look at their case of pastries, but as soon as I started to look the guy behind the counter asked me what I wanted. I didn't know and so he moved on to the person behind me...luckily the person behind me was my fiance so I didn't technically get skipped. When I figured out what I wanted to order I asked for the spinach-feta croissant and I asked if they could heat it up which they did. I also ordered an iced-chai. My fiance ordered a ham and cheese croissant with a coffee and his brother ordered a plain croissant. The entire ordering process just seemed rushed. We paid and found our table. 
A few minutes later they were calling out our names for the drinks and they were auctioning off the food items. It was an interesting experience to say the least. 
The croissant was good (only because I hadn't eaten all day and it was nearly 1 pm). The iced chair was tasty and I would get that again. Overall, this was just an A-OK experience. It's a nice coffee shop to have close to some good shopping!Since I always fall asleep at libraries for some reason (go figure haha) this is my "go to" study spot for getting some work done when I'm near the French Quarter. :)
There's always people here (though it doesn't really get too crowded until lunch time/afternoon-ish), but I've always been able to find a table to myself (there's plenty of little tables, big enough for at least your laptop plus more)!
I'm not a coffee connoisseur at all, but I like the choices they've got here that other places don't have, such as flavored ice coffee (without the milk component.. Good for people with lactose intolerance like me.. I know I'm so missing out on life haha)!
Ooo the FREE WIFI is def a plus! I try not use it though cause focusing on studying is already a challenge within itself...
No more rambling :)
P.S. So once they were baking COOKIES when I was sitting near the counter and they smelled so yumm! And that's rare for me to say cause I usually don't like cookies...After maybe 3 trips to NOLA & never hearing of Community Coffee, I discovered them & the angels sang. When I lived in NY, I bought their coffee online for the price of a vital organ or two. Living in FL, it was easy to get & I got spoiled. So, whenever I visit NOLA, I pick up as much as I can carry & get very sad the day it runs out. My favorite is the Cafe Special, though, which you can't get at the shop. I pick that up at Rouse's. The shop, though, is a lovely place, although a bit out of the way. Which is probably, come to think of it, why it's so lovely. Nice, helpful staff -- well-trained & obviously having the Customer Service Gene. Great cup of coffee.A bit bigger than the other French Quarter Community, this one was very welcoming on a cool day.  We sat and chatted, read the paper, watched locals and tourists come through.  I had a hot chocolate, and Sweetie had her favorite local coffee.If you're looking for a place that makes a great cup of coffee, search elsewhere.
If you're looking for a place less obnoxious than Starbucks, with slightly comfier chairs, and free wi-fi, you've found your coffee shop.
The drunkies that seem to be lurking everywhere else in town are not found here, just normal locals.  Pretty refreshing.  My mocha is quite sugary, but of course that didn't stop me from finishing it.  My friend's cinnamon roll looks quite delicious, too.  Good place for an internet break and a mediocre cup.I came here to work on a Friday. I got the Mochasippi, which was yummy. Pretty comparable to Starbucks' Frapps, but a bit better (a little less sweet). This is a nice place to work, as there are plenty of tables and outlets and it's clean. There's WiFi too, though it was a bit slow and I ended up hot-spotting mostly.Great place to grab coffee! Get a mochasippi and a big chocolate chip cookie warmed up, you won't be disappointed!Ein schönes gemütliches Kaffeehaus. Der Kaffee schmeckt prima und es gibt auch viele Dinge zum Essen. Ein schöner Ort, um in New Orleans in Ruhe zu arbeiten, zu lesen oder nur so rumzuhängen. Toll ist auch, dass es sehr viele Steckdosen überall gibt.I miss CC's. This location was right down the street from where I was staying, and I took advantage of that several times. They do a mean iced chai and offer both soy and almond milk. The coffee with chicory is decent, too. 
I would, however, avoid the food. The items in the case look somewhat old, much like what you'd see at Starbucks. I bought a slice of king cake, against the advice of my friend who said I could find much better examples elsewhere. She was right; it was pretty tasteless.
Service is businesslike and they seem to put some effort into speeding things along. Unfortunately they see a crazy influx of tourists at certain times of the year, so the wait can get rather lengthy.CC's is a clean, well-lighted place to have a cup, open a book, surf the net, or just relax.
They have decent coffee, a nice interior, and comfortable chairs.Nice quiet place. I had there Mochasippi pumpkin pie latte which was very good. Friendly staff and no large crowd. Good place to take a few minutes to enjoy you drink and just relax.Love this coffee house!! Each time here I always stop several times for their iced coffee drinks. Great service as well.A Starbucks by any other name is still just a Starbucks. Bad over roasted coffee and mediocre pastries. 
People were very nice though. If you're looking for good coffee and a good atmosphere this is not the place.Great Community Coffee, friendly service, excellent spot to surf the web, catch up on e-mails, etc...plenty of plugs :)I ordered a mocha which ended up tasting way to sweet, so I took it back and had a bit of coffee added. There was no attitude from the barista and the mocha ended up tasting better.A great spot on Royal street to relax and maybe use their free wifi to check your email on your iPhone. The interior is lovely, and they have some good baked goods.I think I like this location the best because of the building it's in.  I love royale street.  It's only 4 stars cause I like pj's better.  Don't get me wrong the quality of this coffee is wonderfull, but it seems to be a bit bitter at times.  Iced latte is yum.  (with lot's of splenda)Lecker Bananen Walnuss Kuchen, ansonsten nicht viel anders als Starbucks.Cute little local coffee shop. Super friendly staff. Nice assortment on the menu of coffee selections as well as biscottis. Restrooms are also clean.Good coffee and bagel spot across the street from my hotel. Service was friendly but they did mess up our bagel sandwiches. Ok spot for a breather in the French Quarter.I love my lattes! They're the first thing I think about when I wake up. I was walking past CC's texting and it was the smell that made me look up. This place has very very delicious coffee! The only reason it got four stars is because they only give you one shot of espresso in the small latte. Most coffee places, even chains, give you two. Otherwise it's just too much milk. So it ends up being a bit more expensive with the added shot but it's so good. I noticed on the menu they make a king cake latte and some other fun ones so I thought that was fun. This place is definitely my go to from now on. So good!!My wife and I stopped here by chance after lunch and it was nice break.  The girl working was friendly and had some great suggestions for my wife on an ice tea selection which were on point.  She also got a Double Espresso which she said was very good.  I ordered a Mochasippi which had two shots of espresso in it.  It certainly was not Starbucks which is a good thing.  Overall it was a 5-star stop.A nice little coffee house, and better than a Starbucks, but it doesn't really have a lot to offer. I ducked in for a tea and a quiet place to read, and it offered that. The iced tea wasn't exactly great, but it was reasonably priced, and in the French Quarter, reasonable prices and space have to do.My husband and I were in town for Decadence 2015. It was a hellishly hot and miserably humid Saturday afternoon as we wandered the French Quarter, so naturally, my husband wants a big steaming cup of blistering hot coffee.
Really? 
*Massive Eye Roll*
It was pointless to argue the obvious so I gave in and we stopped at CC's.
It's a fairly nice place. It's cozy and inviting and it looked like the handful of fellow caffeine fiends were enjoying hanging out. It also looked like they have a nice selection of pastries, cakes, muffins, etc ... But we were there for the coffee. 
So, we got a couple of small (I think they call them "tall" or something silly like that) café au laits, and grabbed a table. I didn't much care for sitting so close to a retail display / room divider / traffic control thing, but I guess everyone wants to expand their empire. After all, a girl's gotta eat!
The coffee was fine. It took a while for it to cool enough that it didn't melt the lips off your face, but it was fine. 
My other half was somehow completely enamored by the place so I'm sure we'll be back again next year, and it will undoubtedly be the day that the asphalt on Royal street starts melting the soles of your shoes.
*sigh*Two stars are "meh" according to Yelp, which was exactly my reaction after stopping in here recently for a cup of coffee to go on my way to something else on an early Saturday morning. Actually, meh is probably overstating a bit. Cup of coffee was really gross and burnt tasting. At least the lady ringing me up was nice.cafe aulait with chicory coffee and a shot of sugar free vanilla = heaven in my mouth. 
this coffee is just as good and WAY less crowded than cafe du monde. I mean, granted, no beignets, but you actually get to sit and enjoy your coffee and not have to worry about crazy tourists. Super cozy, cute places to sit and plenty of room - whether you have a small or larger party.Great coffee and tea. Reliable free wifi. Usually not very crowdedI come here each time I'm in New Orleans to stock up on Coffee. The roasts are all very good and I really like the Carnival flavor roast that comes out seasonally. The cafe itself is a cute spot where most tables are filled with someone and their laptop or a couple chatting away. It's convenient to Decatur and to Bourbon so if you're looking for a good cup of coffee, with a Starbuck's like corporate feel, come check this place out.Consistently good coffee in a convenient location in the French Quarter. The morning staff is lovely and friendly and I always have a pleasant experience!Delicious, cute, great location! Lots of outlets for bringing laptop and getting work done.This is a great coffee house in the heart of the Quarter.  Great coffee, great ambiance, great people watching.  It's one of my favorite places to spend a couple of hours reading a book while drinking a Mochassippi and eating a chocolate croissant (heated 12 seconds in the microwave), and watching local characters come and go, hoping that their coolness will rub off on me.A nice alternative to Starbucks. If you wak into a coffee shop and over 80% of laptops used are Macs you know you're in good company!This location is always a welcome respite from heat hunger and long walks. Very nice ambience and lovely baristas. Right across the street from my first grade school, McDonough 15. Tasty chicken salad sandwich on a bagel.It's a quaint Cafe that serves the standard coffee fair. There is plenty of seating and the soft music contributed to the cafe's atmosphere. I got the tall hazelnut mochasippi ($4.05) and I have to say that it is pretty pricey. The sweetness is pretty balanced but I'm missing the flavor of the espresso. While I would not get the mochasippi again, I will try their regular coffee next time.I preferred the coffee here than any other cafe in New Orleans (not including Cafe Du Monde or Cafe Beignet, which I consider different beasts completely). The Royal St. location is a great spot near the French Market. I stopped in here with my travel buddy and we drank our coffees, read local NOLA magazines, and used the free WiFi there for an hour or so. It was great. If you're exploring the area on foot, this is definitely a good place to go to recharge and recaffeinate.I go to CC's daily and it is a great French Quarter location. the staff is very friendly and service is usually quick. I don't get a chance to sit around there because I usually go during a work break, but it is something I look forward to.The mocha was complete syrup and very little coffee. I ordered the super grande which is the equivalent of a Starbucks Vente.  My wife has the iced coffee and it tasted a bit off, almost having a mild ammonia scent. Perhaps the beans were old? 
They need to work on the mixing. 
Music was nice. Air conditioned. Conveniently located in the middle of the French Quarter.The coffee here is SO good! I've been to NOLA several times now and I make sure to stop by for some iced coffee each time. Highly recommended!This is an outpost of the Louisiana Community Coffee mini-chain, and a nicer antidote to Starbucks (except for Royal Blend) you won't find in the area.  Lounging area in the back with comfy chairs, unfinished brick walls, competent barristas.  Really, the only thing that bugs me is that no one has "small" "medium" and "large" anymore, including CC's -- it's all "tall" and "grande" and "super grande but smaller than huge" and whatnot, and I don't know what the hell size any of those are.  Can I order by ounces?CC's has some good iced coffee! Don't forget to check in on Foursquare!! The locations I've been to will give you half off a grande beverage on your first check in!I have had their dark roast, decaf, and medium roast. I will say, the dark roast is by far the best coffee here. It was piping hot both times my husband got it.
Service is fast here and very accurate. Another bonus was it was a cold night outside and this place was very warm and toasty!I'm from California and was in New Orleans visiting. Saw someone carrying coffee from CC's so I popped in. I got the Mochassippi. It was really good! only 4 stars because the barista took FOREVERRRRRRRRR. I'm normally very patient, but there was only 3 people in front of me...and the cashier and barista were SUPER slow. The cashier stopped taking order for like 5 minutes to complain to the other co worker how nothing is ever put away,CC's prevented a potential disaster for me. After arriving to The Quarter and checking into my accommodation, I was feeling hungry and damn thirsty. I set out in search of a market to just first buy some water and I'll be damned if I could find a grocery market that was open on a Sunday in the French Quarter. I walked around for nearly an hour and saw CC's sign on Royal. I figured I could at least get some carbs and a glass of water, and I figured right. CC's saved my from a hypoglycemic breakdown. I could tell my blood sugar was very low cause I started getting cranky. I'm one of those cursed humans who has a ridiculous metabolism and my body requires probably two or three times the caloric intake than most, and when you are walking around New Orleans in 80 degree weather with humidity, you can imagine my dilemma. Thank you CC's for being right where I needed you, when I needed you. I recommend their own CC's Brew 504 too.WIFI was my goal. Comfy chairs, lax atmosphere and good coffee combine to create one of the best places in the French Quarter to enjoy your mid-afternoon caffeine fix. There's no pressure to leave & the cinnamon rolls were warm and delicious! :)I work in the quarter and was tired of PJ's exorbitant prices and Spit Fire's tiny coffees so I sauntered on down to CC's where I was warmly greeted by the lovely baristas. I walked away with an orgasmic vanilla latte which I am currently still sipping on because its an actual large size. Thanks yall! I'll be back :)I was on a Sunday afternoon bar crawl in the Quarters and was fading and there it was my caffeine godsend. Seriously, I'm not a coffee drinker but that go cup of iced tea saved my life.
The staff was helpful and polite. The space was clean  and there was space to move around. And my iced tea did not taste like coffee! So I was a happy girl. Oh and the chocolate chip cookie that I bought was life saving to another member of the group who was starving. 
Of course, when I left the store, I had lost my group and had to go find them over on Bourbon. But totally worth the detour.Luckily, we came upon Community Coffee after our first lousy (how 1950s of me!) breakfast in New Orleans.  I didn't get a single refill on my small mug of coffee, and was in desperate need of more caffeine.  I ordered a BIG cup of coffee at Community Coffee and was immediately satisfied.   The service was great, the choices for coffee and snacks were varied, and the atmosphere was relaxing.  This particular location had a lot of seating available, tables and comfy chairs.  It was kind of like a neighborhood Starbucks.  Apparently they also offered wi-fi and don't care how long people stay not ordering anything because this guy was parked with his computer in the same seat that afternoon when we returned for a little snack.Coffee is weak,  but it's a bit better than pj's, with isn't saying much.   Croissants are surprisingly good though....I usually get a hot chocolate or juice along with some kind of croissant or banana bread type thing depending on what forms of chocolatey goodness are available. The reason I give them three stars is their employee's seem distracted and annoyed. Been here about 5 or 6 times and the only thing I find off putting is the demeanor of the employees. More than once they have forgotten my order and they seem consistently understaffed as well. Maybe they don't get good enough tips to be happy - I always tip them but don't think it helps :(It's cute Coffeeshop and closest thing to a Starbucks within the French quarters. They have WiFi, which is I guess a given since it's a Coffeeshop.
It's not the biggest Coffeeshop for space to sit, but they do have seating around. I will say I was upset in all 3 of my visits that they seem to rely on ice over providing you an actual drink. My iced lattes were always 9/10 Ice, and I would have three good sips of coffee. But it was the only actual coffee within the French quarters, so I kept wasting my money on a cup of ice.This is a cute little coffee house on the corner. The menu is rather limited and basically looks like a Starbucks. They carry Chickory coffee but not decaf Chickory coffee. There appeared to be many  local saying out and using the Wi-Fi.Wow, was taking a casual stroll through the French Quarter when I got the urge for an iced coffee.  Stopped into CC's and ordered a grande classic cold brew.  It was a good decision.  A very good one.  
The cold brew was easily the best iced coffee I'd ever had.  Without any milk or sugar, the coffee had a smoothness and sweetness that really didn't need anything added to it.  
Got a feeling I'll stop in this place and have a few more cold brews before leaving town!Good neighboorhood coffee shop, real barrista's, not Starbucks button-pushers.  Some food, seems to be prefered by locals.  Although good, it wouldn't be 5 stars in Seattle, but given the limited alternatives nearby, it gets a 5 for this part of town.While not related to coffee, the choco chip cookies are award winners, a must when strolling in the French Quarter or when peckish and wanting a little snack - a must!So I am addicted to a game a friend of mine was playing on his iPhone. Long story short, I went with him so we could talk games and chill. Was told about this place by his fiancee and came down from the hotel. First time in New Orleans, first time here. 
I ordered the mochasippi! WOW, is that strong. One sip and I am wide awake. Should have not ordered the super sized one. But I will power through this and stay awake until the end of November.... Haha. Great taste and fun hang out. Thanks CC coffee.The staff is nice, the coffee is so-so. the location is ok being in the french quarter but no outdoor seating which I really prefer.  They do have good stuffed croissants and other yummy treats. But the coffee is diffidently lacking which is what there suppose to do best.Louisiana, or more specifically, New Orleans is known for its 'southern comfort' and generosity. If you are a hard-core coffee drinker, or more of a simpleton, like myself, this place has something for everyone. 
Located in the heart of the French Quarter on the classy Royal Street, CC's Community Coffee House has that same Starbucks feel, but not the Starbucks commotion. It's not direct dead center of the city, but it's not in the middle of nowhere. Just enough people come here to keep the business running smoothly. You'll get the house blend coffee being sold just like at the other places, and the frappucino-type drinks, the espressos, and the lattes, don't worry. You'll also get a cute, quiet environment where you can actually get some work done (how do you think I'm able to write this review?)
As for who comes to CC's, there isn't any one particular genre of person. You have the young starving artist-type, the older, more weathered, full of wisdom crowd, and those, like myself, who aren't as wise just yet. 
The one thing I like the most about the place is that it has that, off to the side of the Champs Elysee in the middle of Paris feel--the French doors, the French press, the French speakers (every now and then), and it's in the French Quarter, duh!
When ordering, I guess it just depends on what kind of a person you are; coffee, tea, latte, or water. You'll get something you will enjoy, trust me. (They even have some Italian sodas!)  Personally, I recommend the Mochasippi. It's like a frappucino, but a tad sweeter; if you get the chocolate kind--there are several flavors to choose from. If you like biscotti, try the 3-D Fudge, it's to DIE for. Their iced tea isn't something to stray far from either. It will definitely cool you off on a hot, humid N'awlins afternoon. 
The best time to get a good seat is around the noon to 4 pm time. Trust me, if you put on your earphones, open up iTunes, get a good playlist going, you will accomplish way more, with your Mochasippi in hand. It's definitely a place to go for 'a cup of Louisiana hospitality.'Thursday morning. Started my day with a cup of tall mocha for 3.85. Took about 5 minutes to get the coffee. It's a little sweet. Cute spot with seats.This was my most favorite coffee place in the French quarter. Cafe au lait, coffee 504,  and mocha were delicious.  The workers took pride in the best chicory coffee in the quarter. We will be back.Flavor filled dark roast. CCH is a local chain of coffee shops, with a good brew and quick service. Lots of tables in this location, a bit off Bourbon street and a whole lot more quiet.Free wifi has been really useful for me on a number of occasions and the fact that they serve smoothies as well as iced chai and an assortment of coffee drinks means that I can always find something there. 
 It's almost fall and I'm counting down the days until a pumpkin spice latte and craving something of theirs is a good indication to me that I find them to be tasty and almost as important; consistent.great coffee- friendly service, cozy coffee house--love this place!Even when I am in New Orleans, I know I cannot live just on Cocktails and Bourbon...
CC's Community Coffee House in French Quarter really great as I can pick up some espresso beverages in between drinking and keep me awake!
Definitely need more electric outlets as I have no where to plug my net book in.. but I should not be yelping anyway on my vacation.
Clean washrooms! I know I need one after that Hurricanes..The coffee is good. You don't need to know anything else. No, its not Starbucks so don't go looking for those stupid frappachinos or whatever. Just get a cup of coffee and be glad your still alive with coffee in your stomach.The mocha here is pretty fantastic. This place is more or less a Starbucks for people who hate Starbucks. Clean and trendy, it's pretty popular. Good snacking food too.
You can buy things like mugs and postcards and such too, so get a coffee and some of your tourist shopping done in one quick stop.
Oh, get a cookie too.Great place that has great breakfast. Friendly staff and an inviting atmosphere. Restrooms could be cleanerGreat coffee and great service! We were on our way back from Nawlins and wanted to get some coffee for the long road back to SC.
Not only were these guys quick and nice, the coffee tasted great. It was the best cappuccino I've had in quite a while!Great place to work or study from with laptop with loads of power outlets to use.