If you are looking for the most tremendous Muffaletta in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and stop by Central Grocery! What a great place to relax after walking around the French Quarter and have you a sandwich. It is just like an old school Italian Grocery.The greatest Muffaletta sandwich ever. It's just that simple. I live in New York and have been searching for a good Muffaletta with a lot of trouble. I end up having the olive salad mailed to me and try to make it at home while I sit there missing New Orleans.sooooo worth the wait! if there are two of you, share the half and if there are four of you, share a whole cut up into four. unless you know you have a great appetite and can eat one hell of a sandwich!I have visited New Orleans a few times.  My two things that I want every time I go are beignets from Café du Monde and a Muffuletta from Central Grocery.  
Personally, I think they have an awesome muffuletta.  I have tried others outside of New Orleans, and I have always been disappointed.  
The place is an actual grocery store, and they sell these awesome sandwiches.
The sandwiches are huge.  A half order is more than plenty.  The full one is large enough for like 4 people.  The bread is a round sesame bread.  The sandwich is full of salami, ham, mortadella, mozzarella, and provolone.  Additionally, it has an olive salad, which is made from olives, vegetables from giardiniera (celery, cauliflower, and carrots), oregano, garlic, and olive oil.  
I love this sandwich, and I like it cold.  I have noticed that many restaurants serve it hot.  My preference is cold and not toasted.  I will definitely return!!Awesome muffuletta!! Very flavorful and a half was enough for 2! We bought the olive salad to take home!Best Muffaletta I've EVER had, and I'm an Italian who's had a lot of muffalettas. Yes, its touristy, but the locals in the know will tell you how awesome it is. The olive salad is chunky, the meat is piled on, the bread is perfect with all of its sesame seed glory. TIP: Don't get the whole sandwich unless you want leftovers or you are splitting it with someone, its HUGE and the half is plenty.
Tourists AND Locals, do yourself a favor and jump on the Central Grocery bandwagon, you won't regret it.I love Po Boy's but it may be the Central Grocery muffaletta that blows my mind. I've had it 3-4 times and some are better than others but in the end it is an awesome sandwich especially if you like Italian meats, cheeses, and olives. Arrive closer to 11:30am and the wait isn't that bad.Delicious muffuletta sandwich worth the 30 min line wait.
Service not friendly.A trip to NOLA isn't complete without a Muffaleta, and Central Grocery is the place to have one.  The line moves fast because the sandwiches are pre made, so don't let that dissuade you.  Once inside, you'll find a cute Italian grocery offering a wonderful selection of imported foods (and not just from Italy, but from Greece for example).  You can eat your sandwich inside, or do what we did and grab a large beer from the liquor store a few doors down and sit on a park bench across the street.  If you score a nice bench, you'll be able to watch a live jazz band play in the cafe just a few steps away.First time in New Orleans and heard this muffuletta was a MUST.. so true!!! Fast service and the sandwich was amazing. Highly recommend stopping here is you haven't yet.The original muffulata! It's really awesome, and that's the only thing on the menu at the deli. The whole thing is pretty big, so it's best to save some for later. If in New Orleans, you ought to go! It's been in business for 80 years, one of the oldest in the country....I'm willing to walk miles for this sandwich.I finally had the famous central grocery muffaletta and I am impressed! It may be cliche to say (and honestly I eas leary bc of this) but it is one of the best muffalettas I've had! They do not warm it or at least the girl that checked me out claimed they couldn't but it doesn't need warming. It is ready room temp and delscious. There is an even meat to olive salad ratio and the oil just drips down your arm when eating it. I loved he oil! And honestly another muffaletta i love in the city is at Pat Os. I am convinced it is the same muffaletta. It's not as huge as most sandwiches usually are but it's packs taste and that's what matters. Very good! Tip - go at 4pm weekdays. No one is there! Avoid the line!My first experience here was about 6 years ago on a trip to NOLA from Orlando.  I grew up in South Louisiana but never went to Central Grocery prior to this trip because I heard "you can get one [muffaletta] just as good elsewhere."  This is the most inaccurate statement I've ever heard.  I moved back to Louisiana 3 years ago and have been back several times since then and taking people along with me so the experience can be shared.  Every single person has done the "OMG this is sooo good" eyeroll after the first bite.  
I get a half muffaletta, bag of Voo Doo Zapp's and a bottle of Stella Artois each and every time.  Usually holds me over for about 6 months and then I'm back again.Sorry to say I didn't eat here because we ate the muffuletta at Napolean House, which serves theirs warm. They sound quite a bit alike so next time I will go to Central Grocery for one. With the leftovers it is simple to wrap in foil and heat in oven at 250 for 10 minutes or so. We had so many friends telling us where to go we couldn't go to all of them this year but we will be back next year! This will be at the top of my list. So glad you are able to buy the olive salad as well.A friend of mine recommended that I stop here and get their famous sandwich, so I did. I was not disappointed the sandwich was very good. It is what I would expect to find if I strolled into a deli in Italy. They get a lot of people through here so the service is more of a production line fashion, it is cramped if you want to eat it on site, but I think it adds to the experience.First time in the French Quarter and we decided to get a Muffuletta as we wanted to try all the classic New Orleans food items. We were going to get a regular sized Muffuletta until we saw how big it was - I think it was 10  inches in diameter! We then opted to get the half order. I thought it was kind of weird that they didn't make it fresh to order but they just had a few sandwiches wrapped up on the counter, ready to be served. In the end, the muffuletta sandwich was okay - to us it was just like any other cold cut Italian sandwich, stuffed with meats, cheese, and olives.
The store is actually kind of cool, with plenty of Italian grocery items and eats! I probably would come back and check out other items they serve, next time I am in the area.For everything I've heard about this place, I gotta be honest, I didn't love it. The olive spread smelled and tasted almost rancid. I would definitely pick many other restaurants over this for my muffuletta.Omg!!!!THE BEST Muffaletta sandwich in town!
It's huge, so for the first time take only half and the half will be enough for 2 people!
It's one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted.Enjoy!Best place to get a muff! And fun to browse the groceries also.. if u love olive salad this is the place to grab a jar!!I'm giving it 5 stars.  I have to:  They had Spanish (not Mexican) chorizo in the meat case and several brands of imported hot paprika.  Those are things delis and corner markets don't carry even in foodie paradises.
I may be the only person not a local who comes here for actual groceries, though.  Everybody else comes--and lines up--for the muffuletta sandwiches which, contrary to the claims of others, this place really did invent.
In the unlikely case you don't know, a muffuletta is a sort of Italian cold-cut sub with olive salad (a variant on giardiniera) on a unique flattish bread (kind of like but not exactly like focaccia).
Here they are sold whole (too much for any sane person to eat in one sitting) and half (more than enough--other than very hearty eaters may want to share).  Get in the line that snakes through the store to the counter--it moves quickly--for your sandwich, then take it out or take it to the eating area in the rear of the store (where you'll find a drink machine).
These sandwiches are simply wonderful but here's the part I love most of all:  If you can get one just before you leave town, take it on your plane or train and eat it in preference to the "meals" they serve.  It will stink up the whole car/cabin with a wonderful garlicky smell that will have half your fellow passenger mad at you and the other half drooling uncontrollably.Amazing! So worth it. A perfect sandwich!!  Be sure to add a bag of Voodoo chips. Staff are very friendly.What is a Muffuletta and why should you stand in line for 30 minutes to get one? 
They are, quite simply, a decadent and heavenly sandwich that encapsulates the diverse flavors of NOLA itself. Italian bread, marinated olive salad, salami, ham and cheese. I hear they are better as leftovers the day after once the bread soaks up the olive salad, but I wouldn't know because I couldn't wait another day to eat my second half.
Eat it in Jackson Square under a big tree with someone you love and you will experience something close to true bliss.My wife and I split half a muffuletta and each had a bag of chips. Perfect size lunch. It's on Decatur which was super crowded and crazy. We were going to eat there but they have no tables.  There is counter but it was full so we took it back to our hotel and ate it there.  Muffuletta was good and salty on good bread. Not too bready, but just perfect.I got a whole muffulette to-go for the two of us to eat on the way home to CA and it was the best delicious of the trip. The muffulette was salty and hearty and it just kept so well. I had it for lunch the next day at home! 
The combo of Italian cured meats, cheese, and pickled veggies with olive oil together between bread was pure genius.I can not go to NOLA without eating here.  Never disappointed best ever and you won't regret it.  Enjoyed every bite!Went around midday on a friday. There were around 5 people in line. Not too bad. Not too bad at all. 
Sandwich is prepackaged in halves and wholes. $15 for a whole, $7 for a half. Whole is good for 4 people, half is good for 2. Pretty easy to figure. 
I feel like the sandwich itself would have been better without the olive salad. But that's coming from a person who doesn't really like olives too much. Others said that though they didn't like olives either, they liked the sandwich as a whole, so thought I'd try it out anyway. I ended up scraping out the salad and finishing the sandwich without it. 
The sandwich itself isn't anything to marvel at. Kind of miffed that I spent so much on such a normal sandwich. I guess I'd prefer something from places like Subway or Jimmy John's. More yummy for my tummy. But was the least grating experience in New Orleans. 
Also - literally a grocery. Few places to sit in the back. Coke machine - $1.25 in the back. Limited alcohol selection. There's a nice bar nextdoor with yummy daquiris, which you get a free shot with with you order. Sex on the beach, baby!Not sure if the line of tourists is always as long as we experienced, but aside from the tourist draw of this place, the grocery itself offers a good variety of Italian items-oils, olives, cheeses, herbs,etc.  Of course, what the tourists and we were standing in line for was the Muffalettas.  A good mass produced sandwich, but very appetizing; loved the bread. Eat there in the cramped back of the store, or take it to go.  And just for reference, I have a big appetite, and it would have been hard to eat more than a half.Absolutely delicious muffuletta! I was actually able to split the half size with my husband. Definitely the cheapest meal we had in New Orleans!Oh, beautiful muffuletta!
The line moves fast here, and any wait is well worth it.
The sesame topped bread makes you so much better than all the rest.
The salami, ham, mortadella, swiss, provolone and olive salad (tapenade) make you so crave worthy.
Your two pound size makes you perfect for sharing with loved ones.
And the fact you travel so well? Well, that ensures I will always order a few of you to come home with me when I am forced to leave your hometown.
I love you, Muffuletta - and everyone I share you with loves me in return!
Oh, right. The other stuff. 
Full Italian grocery, lots of imported products, meats and cheeses, pastas, oils and dry goods - as well as plenty of local New Orleans products.the only thing you need to know is that central grocery makes the best muffuletta you will ever have in your damn life.  the end.Okay, so this is the only place in town to get a really fine muffuletta - a quarter is usually filling for me.  Irritating at times that the bread seems a bit on the stale side, but other than that, can't be beat.This place was recommended to me by a friend who lived in New Orleans for several years and said that Central Grocery had the best muffaletta. I was skeptical, since I thought a muffaletta sounded not so special -- a deli meat sandwich, with excessive amounts of olive oil? No thank you. However, I was in New Orleans, so I felt like I had to try it.  It was AMAZING. I ate the entire (1/2) sandwich even though I was stuffed halfway through, because it was just that delicious. It's the perfect combination of flavors, meats, cheeses, olives and oil.  It is a grocery store/deli/sandwich shop set up, so you order at the counter and then eat at high tables/counters. Highly recommend this place.I have been here before but never tried their muffalettas. Boy did I not know what I was missing! The deli has a good selection of meets, cheeses, olive oil etc. When I went the other day there was a line out the door. It was okay because the line moved quickly. I will be dreaming about that muffaletta. The Sicilian sesame roll was tender and the meat, cheese and olive salad had so much flavor.  It was absolutely delicious! If for some reason you cannot make it to the beautiful city of New Orleans I believe you can order online for overnight delivery. Without question will be back!Greatest muffuletta ever. The olive salad with the sandwich seals the deal.  If you are in New Orleans ch-zeck this place out.  It's a must.I don't really care for olives....& ended up having the stuff shipped to me!!! Must come here for a muffelatta while in New OrleansThis was my first time having a muffaletta. I was told it was the best in town. 
There was a line when we came here but it moved really quickly so no complaints there. I really had no idea what it was but it's basically salami, ham, cheese, and olive salad. 
Now, I really love olives with a passion. But this had a little too much for me. It got really salty by the second half. I think I would have really enjoyed it if there was half the amount of olive salad in mine, but it was a "must-try". So I tried! 
We ordered a full one thinking that we could handle it, but nope. This thing is huge! We were probably better off with just half.The best muffaletta in the Quarter! The olive salad is perfect, the bread is fresh and crusty. It's huge, I can only eat a quarter. Grab a bag of Zapps, a beer and sit somewhere and people watch and eat. A must do any time you are in New Orleans! We always get one to go on our last day to eat in the airport. Sure beats crappy airport food!Still hands-down the best muffaletta, anywhere. Worth the wait in line. And, they even travel well -- we stop in on our way home to Atlanta, put some on ice, and mmmmm dinner!Quietly doing what they do...and have done well...for nearly 100 years I guess.  A gem on the river...part of what makes New Orleans a place to visit.  And return.  Thanks, Central.  The muffs make it all worthwhile.I have never tasted the muffuletta before.  This was my first and I am glad we ate it from here.  They had a long line,  but it was moving at a decent pace. Half for 9.5 and the whole (cut into quarters) was for 19.5$ plus tax. The half us good for 2 adults.  The olives, pickles and the olive oil added the flavor to the salami and ham in it.  We liked the muffuletta. It was a take out; so cannot comment on the dine area.Since my first review 4 years ago Central Grocery has hit a serious tourist bug and the result is less olive salad, less meat, less cheese, a sandwich that is dominated by bread. I think you will be better off getting one from Napoleon House or some other joint because Central unfortunately has become a tourist trap.An essential part of the New Orleans experience.  My wife and I have been coming for several years now and we're always drawn to it.  You can appreciate the beautiful olive briny aroma outside the door in line while you wait and know what you're in for.   It's a living part of history like much of the New Orleans food scene.  It's easy to stuff yourself silly: the muffaletta is HUGE and lots of fun to eat, but be sure to have plenty of napkins.Stopped here during my first visit to New Orleans and really enjoyed the muffaletta sandwich.  We split a full one between 3 people and it was plenty filling.
The Italian meats were high quality, excellent bread, and the olive salad had the perfect flavor kick and added a nice moisture to the sandwich.
It was so good that I had to get another the next time I came to New Orleans.  Long lines, but worth waiting for.  Price was also reasonable for the size and quantity.Finally got here it fast short and sweet food is exactly what it say wonderful and fast. Sodas I. The soda box machine and muffuletta is all you need to make your day. You set at fast food tables which makes it enven better very homey.  Love it.Oh man! Haven't been here in 4 years and it was just like the first time I had one. The positive thing was there was NO LINE!!! Last time I went I waited almost 1 hour for this. I was shocked there was no line. The price was a bit much $11 for half but worth every penny. The Samich was salty but in a good way the bread held the olive salad perfectly complimented it and the meats were fresh! Definitely check this place out. Don't let the other places that sell the same Samich try to tell you theirs is the best. They are lying.We were told we couldn't leave New Orleans without trying the Muffuletta at Central Grocery. Neither my wife nor I are big fans of Italian subs or olives, so we were certainly skeptical. However, just before leaving town, we picked up up a whole one for the trip home.
Wow, what a great sandwich! We each ate a quarter on a stop on the ride home, and the rest the following day for lunch. As others have said, it keeps well and just gets better.
I recommend doing it like we did, the line can get crazy long during the day, but stop off in the morning and pick up one for later!Must do for a stop in New Orleans. Half is PLENTY for one person, if you're really hungry. My husband and I shared a whole one and still had a quarter left. $20 may seem steep for a sandwich but definitely fills you up. We just grabbed one to go and ate it at home, delicious!Recently when I went to NOLA to celebrate my birthday, I had 3 places I wanted to go: Crescent City Brewhouse, Cafe du Monde, and Central Grocery Co.  When the line at Cafe du Monde was too long, we decided to skip the late breakfast and have an early lunch at Central Grocery Co.  There was small line but it went quickly.  Also there isn't much seating space so if you're in the mood of having a picnic lunch in Jackson Square this is definitely where you want to get your sandwich.  If you are lucky to find seating / counter space, then you may be sitting or standing and enjoying your sandwich while the LSU Tigers are playing (if you're there on a Saturday during the fall)!   
You haven't had a muffaletta until you've had the original (and creators of the muffaletta) at Central Grocery Co! They also have Barq's Root Beer in the bottle which is a great compliment to the sandwich!  Also grab a bag of Sweet Potato chips and you'll have a complete meal!    
You know this place is good when the locals stand in the line to get a sandwich.  
And if you want to do some grocery shopping while in line you can! They sell this seasoning called Joe's Stuff which is great on chicken! Be sure to pick up a can of it! 
Enjoy your muffaletta and order a quarter if you're by yourself or a half for 2 people or a full if you have 3 or 4 in your group!CAREFUL OF DAY OLD BREAD THEY GIVE YOU AFTER 3PM or so!!!  NO atmosphere, they closed they lunch counter almost 2hrs early AND had run out of muffuletta round bread...said they bread they gave us was what they said was a higher quality and so the charged us $1.50 more on a half a sandwich!!!   We ate it asap outside on a park bench and it crumbled more and more with every bite....OLD STALE BREAD!  SHAME ON YOU CENTRAL GROC.!!!  We are going to find another place to get our muffelettas from now on!!  And as a TRAVEL AGENT believe me I CAN SPREAD THE WORD AROUND!Don't be intimidated by the long line. We waited for 45 minutes, but it was more than worth the wait. My boyfriend and I (we are big eaters), ordered a full muffalletta and finished it. Needless to say we were full by the end of the meal. The olive salad was not too oily and not too spicy. It was combined perfectly with a variety of italian cold cuts and swiss cheese on the most delicious sesame bread to create the best sandwich ever. This is a "must try" when in New Orleans.The sandwich was awesome...people dont line up for this sandwich here because it was invented here, but it's actually a really good sandwich.  The half sandwich is enough for two people.  Waiting in line is the longest part. Once you get up to the register and order the sandwich is ready to go since they are making them nonstop.OMG, Muffuletta!!!  I'm not a huge olive fan, but it doesn't matter on this yummy sandwich with salty salami and other cold cut delights.    Believe the hype and grab yourself one!
The place has a few bar-style seats inside.  Was a bit cramped, but no matter.Hands down one of the best sandwich's i have had in a long time.  If you're in NOLA make sure you stop by Central Grocery to try their famous Muffuletta.Central Grocery has exactly one item on its menu - a muffaletta. Signs throughout this small Italian grocery store declare that this the place where it was born, a claim shared about a half dozen other establishments in the French Quarter, but I'm willing to state the one served here is the best. A huge sandwich consisting of salami, ham, cheese, and olive salad on a round roll, closer to the size of a small loaf of bread, it's so big that four people can easily share a whole one. What sets this above the others in town is the terrific olive salad, perfectly seasoned and dripping with oil, so grab a very large fistful of paper napkins before you take your first bite.This place is legit! As a first time visitor to Nola, I wanted to try as many of the legendary signature foods--including the muffelata sandwich. Central grocery consistently came up as THE place to go.
What is in a muffelata? Muffelata bread, olive salad, provolone, Swiss, salami, and mortadella.
Food: top notch, great balance of flavors and textures. For those who have visited la, similar setup as baycities.
Other: bar seating in the back
Pro tip: the sandwich is huge! I'd say a quarter to a half is good for one person depending on how hungry one isI've always wanted to nickname something "The Big Nine-Incher," but alas, I've never found anything worthy of that nickname.
Until now.
Witness the photo I've uploaded for Central Grocery.  These muffalettas are a whopping nine inches of orgasmic goodness.
I could eat a quarter of one of these and be full.  But I wouldn't, because they're just too delicious to stop at a quarter.  If you have self control, you can pay your $11 for one of these and make four meals out of it.  But having self control is no fun, so I don't recommend it.
Go.  Eat.  Be happy.If you're in New Orleans you must come here.
"Home of the original Muffuletta" and it's also the best Muffuletta in New Orleans if not the world! Eat in or take it to go. Or eat in AND take one to go for later. 
Simply delicious.Order the muffaletta. That's all you need to know.The smells hit your nose when you walk in.  Olives, cured meat, old wooden floors.  This is as old school Italian American as it gets.  The sandwich is ethereal.  They don't make them to order, the sandwiches are sitting wrapped in wax paper on the counter.  You might think you'd rather have your sandwich freshly made before you.  Quite the contrary.  The pre-made sandwiches have time to sit and let the flavors meld together. The olive oil soaks into the bread. The cheese is slightly warm and therefore more flavorful.  The bread has the day old stiffness of a good baguette.  The result is perfection.New Orleans, home of the Mufaletta sandwich.   You must have one. It's huge and can feed to. The bread is outstanding and the meat is delicious. A bit salty but that's what you expect with all of that olive relish.Omg must try! You have to go here for the muffuletta. This sandwich is soooo delicious and huge and my mom and I both finished it. So delicious and tasty, just the right amount of spice. Definitely would recommend this place as a must eat meal in NolaCentral Grocery may have been the birthplace of the muffuletta it certainly isnt the best in New Orleans. In the 70's and 80's they used to make a decent sandwich but has basically become a tourist trap. Now the sandwiches have too much bread to meat ratio and most of the dry goods are out of date.
Decades ago they used to have fresh Parma prosciutto, stuffed mushrooms , large olives and many other Italian deli items on the counter but their main concern now seems to be selling their sandwiches to unsuspecting tourist. 
If you notice the reviews none of the locals give this place high marks.I'm having Wet Dreams longing for this sandwich again. OMG. the olives on top, all the meats mixed together. The size of the sandwich.
Trust me you are NOT going wrong when you order this. My friend and I split a whole ($16) and it was plenty of food. If you can eat a LOT throw in a bag of chips and you're set with a half.
But seriously now, I was contemplating ways to get one and bring it home on the plane so it would last. I wish I did. SO GOOD.Came here after seeing lots of good reviews and a must-go place in New Orleans. The sandwich had salami, ham, cheese, olive salad. Even though I was not a fan of the sandwich, my brother-in-law and sister really enjoyed. We ended up buying another one before leaving New Orleans!Short and sweet I'll keep it. If you do nothing else in New Orleans go here and get a muffuletta sandwich. Just do it you will see it's worth the wait. And enjoy it.Best Mufalettas in the quarter. I used to spend my afternoons sitting here enjoying a sandwich before going back to work. The olive spread is to die for, and the meats are awesome. Keep up the good work.It is the "Home of the Original Muffuletta", which is an incredible sandwich. The Muffuletta starts with a large, round sesame bread. The contents include cured meats, cheese, and an olive salad. At Central Grocery, everything in the Muffuletta is fresh. The bread is excellent and soft. The cured meats and olive salad are the aspects of the sandwich that separate it from any other sandwich I have eaten. The cured meats are one, if not the best, I have had. On the other hand, I actually do not like eating olives. I was hesitant to try the Muffuletta because it has them. Nevertheless, even I thought the olive salad was delicious. The Muffuletta is huge. Half of a sandwich is more than enough for one person. Central Grocery is definitely another must try in New Orleans.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Great sandwich, copied by many. Whole one is about $20, half $11, and quarters. Bottled beer available. And uploaded a N.O. ghosty video. (link: https://youtu.be/fHzuRrN9RHo ). Enjoy.I'm not even a muffalata guy but these were great. I liked that you can get a 1/2 and it's still gig enough to share. It's also cool you can get the olive mix and some bread to make a home or give as a gift. We'll be back for sureLove, love, love this muffuletta. Hate the name, love the sandwich. Central grocery's olive mix is the best. The bread is also key to the excellence of this sandwich. So good!The single star rating is NOT for their Muffaletta's. Those are great but rather for their customer service. They are RUDE, NASTY AND VERBALLY SHORT with their patrons and that's on any day! I've bought my Muffaletta's here several times throughout the years and each and every time they've been unfriendly, nasty and have had bad attitudes to boot. 
This 2014 Mardi Gras will be the last time I shop there. I  arrived in the FQ Tuesday the week before MG so it was still relatively quiet. I went there when they 1st opened and was their 3rd customer...while the store is well stocked, clean and the muffaletta is great (although a bit pricey $15/$18 for the full sandwich) the bad attitudes, nasty tone of voice and rolling of the eyes is a deal breaker for me. I've just had it with the sh*ty attitudes of their employees! NO sandwich is worth the CRAP behavior there. There are comparable muffaletta's elsewhere in the FQ and I'll be going there.
I saw this show on PBS's "Lidia's Kitchen" and couldn't stop laughing. They were so nice and polite and ANYONE who's ever been there knows that they're NOT like that. I even went so far as to email the show and inform her of their "show" behavior with her and question her choice in stores. They maybe one of the best places to have a muffaletta but they are DEFINITELY NOT THE ONLY PLACE! THEY'RE COMPARABLE MUFFALETTA'S ELSE WHERE and they are served with much more appreciation for your patronage...TRY ONE OF THEM!Sure it's the tourist thing to do, but I thought that was a fine muffaletta.  Maybe it's because it was my first one, but Frank's down the block was not as good in my opinion.  They were great to have back at the hotel room to chow down after a night of drinking on the town.Muffaletta.  A huge delicious $20 circular Italian cold cut sandwich with sort of an olive tapenade on it that feeds 4 and lasts forever.  You have to try one when you go to New Orleans.  This is a cool old school Italian deli/store.  A place you must pop into when you go to New Orleans!  
Get a Muffaletta for the road.  They travel well and are delicious.  They do run out of bread by the end of the day so go before 3 or you could be disappointed as you stand in line and the lady screams, "No more Muffaletta's"!The muffuletta was just amazing. Half a sandwich was good for 2 people, but I seriously suggest buying the whole and just take it home! 
There's a bit of a line but the sandwiches are pre-made so the line goes pretty fast. 
Space inside to eat was small but you can also take it outside and sit inside Jackson Square too.the ONLY muffalettas in New Orleans.  So good I froze mine and took them home to San Diego.  They freeze well and are just as good months later when you need a little piece of home.  It also has a great selection of Italian and New Orleans foods.Muffulette, gotta love them.  Nice staff, modest price in spices and seasonings/hot sauce.  Things you'd like to bring back that are over priced in gift shops.  Sandwiches are good to pack for travel.  Olive and oil spread is already in a box ready for you to pack in your luggage.  It's great!I am so lucky to have been brought here by a friend-- and New Orleans native-- for my first muffaletta (though perhaps also unlucky given I went on a Saturday and they are closed Sundays and Mondays). All I can say is AMAZING. I will dream of this sandwich until the day I return to New Orleans.  If this place is closed, you can try a muffaletta somewhere else, as I did, but a warning: You WILL be disappointed.When you visit New Orleans, you have to stop by at least once at Central Grocery and sample their famous "muffuletta," and check out their other delicacies as they are an Italian grocery. Pull on the door on the left that says in, not the door on the right as that is the door out. Depending when you get there, there may only be a few people, but they could also have a line out the door. Some reviewers like the bread, some think its too thick. Some would even say its too salty because of the olive spread in it. I think agree to disagree, and many other places have a different take on this classic. One thing is for sure, this is the original. If you are hungry get a half, its plenty. If you want to try it, share the half as its already cut in two. A fourth will do ya. My wife does not like olives and she usually lets me have what she doesnt eat. Not this time. She ate it all and we though about going back to buy another half muffuletta. 
They have Italian sodas, or you can put some cash in the soda machine in the back. Theres first come first serve counter and stool sitting near the back. We took ours to go and walked to Jackson Square a few steps away and had an audience of little birds watching for the ocassional crumb to fall. Please dont feed the birds, but do yourself a favor and feed yourself  a muffuletta from Central Grocery.almost a year after my visit i am still craving a muffaletta from here on a daily basis! i wuld go back to nola for this sandwich. its like a burst of utter delicious flavor in your mouth. great texture, moist and packed with the right amount of olive tapanade/meats!
NOM NOM NOMGood muffaletta.  I am not a fan of olives, so I was easily able to take them off and eat the rest of the sandwich, which I enjoyed! My friend and I split half a sandwich, and it was more than enough food for both of us.  
When we ordered the sandwich, the guy behind the counter gave us a pre-packaged one that was sitting next to him on the counter.  My only complaint was that the food was not made to order, so I am not sure exactly how fresh it was.  That said, it seemed pretty fresh and tasted good, so it wouldn't stop me from going there again. 
Also, the store is a really great place to look around.  They have a lot of both New Orleans and Mediterranean cooking ingredients for sale.  We didn't buy anything, but it was fun to peruse.