The 4-6 Happy Hour sign caught my attention and we had a two hour wait to meet friends for dinner at a restaurant down the street...so why not? We moseyed up to the bar and became engaged with the proprietor who was a real interesting guy. The restaurant was very clean and has a warm comfortable feel. It's all about ambience, right? Great cocktail menu-ordered a blackberry mojito and it was so flavorful with muddled mint. We ordered the vegetable roll and the spicy tuna. The food was absolutely fresh and was served with a creamy aoli sauce of some kind. It was good. Will definitely be back and will tell others about it. I'm looking forward to a full dinner there.Best sushi in Louisiana. No question. If you want the freshest sushi/sashimi and have it prepared by true pro's, go here! The owner is passionate about his place and it shows.  They will get you anything you want especially if you request to have the recommendations of the house, you will not be disappointed.
They have the freshest Uni you'll ever taste, they also  offer rare delicacies that nobody else in town has the guts to provide,  for what their discerning sushi lovers crave.. Just go here. Drinks are crafted well and they actually carry premium Japanese beers. Thank you for existing Chiba!
You can sit outside too:) and they're open super late!!!Excellent food, great service, overall great experience. Steamed buns are a must and ask if there are any specials. We had the Hawaiian sashimi special and the fish literally melted in your mouth. Highly recommend.They don't do delivery anymore, although it extensively covers delivery options and area on the official website. Come on.The worst sushi in nola. Stay away. Serving spoiled fish horrible food. The owner is annoying and seems like hes lying  about everything. The employees lack talent and the food is overpriced garbage that i wouldnt serve to my worst enemy. If u love yourself then i recommend going anywhere else but here.Terribly disappointing for the price. Never have I had a steamed bun look like a taco before.  The king crab had shell still in it, unfortunately. And the oh toro (fatty fat tuna) was a bad cut- almost inedible. Edamame, scallops and salmon was good, but that was about it. Also, my boyfriend ordered a drink which never appeared. Would not bother coming here unless you just feel like throwing away money.The roll with the caviar and apple slices were both very good.  However, I was a little surprised by the price of our bill - careful what you order, this place is a little more than just two dollar signs yelp.Besides the waterered down ice tea, the green salad is good, edamame is lovely and the fish is fresh. I am a Sake Cafe fan but this has impressed me. The California roll and spicy tuna roll was unique.UPDATE**
Been here 5x in the last 3 months. The first visit was great and then it just went downhill. On one occasion I was served eel that was not fresh and smelled rancid, which is unacceptable.
On another occasion the service was unbelievably awful. That being said, the manager at Chiba is a great guy who knows customer service like the back of his hand (ask for him to serve you when you go). 
Overall, the food is decent, but the prices are insane. Not worth it for the price, but a cool place to go for special occasions. I prefer Asuka or Sake Cafe!This is a hidden gem! My girlfriend and I were waiting for Jacques-imo so we dropped in for an appetizer or two. Best crunchy spicy salmon sushi I've tasted! Great selection of Japanese imports and met the owner to talk about the restaurant and its upbringing. Service was excellent and very relaxed and lounged. Great for a date!A new sushi restaurant in New Orleans? This I must try. So far I have not been impressed with the New Orleans sushi scene. Most sushi joints serve sushi rolls covered in various sauce, many deep fried, and really not healthy at all. So you can understand how excited I was to try out Chiba hoping that it would resemble more of what sushi should be about: fresh fish with no frills and gimmicks. This is a sushi spot for true sushi lovers. In fact I quickly learned that the restaurant prides itself on serving less common fish and no Americanized sushi rolls (which means no crispy/fried sushi)! Great if you are looking for a healthier meal. 
Chiba is a beautiful modern, clean and roomy restaurant located on Oak street. I love everything on this vibrant and eclectic street, Chiba is a great new addition.
We ordered several sushi dishes and loved each one. The perfect amount of rice on each roll (not too much) and fresh fish. Delicious! Being from Vancouver its hard to rate this as the best sushi I've ever had but I can easily say that it is the best sushi I have ever had...in New Orleans.The lemon grass hot and spicy soup was so incredibly spicy I couldn't eat it. We also had the sashimi entrée which was beautiful and delicious. We also get the Mardi Gras roll which was delicious. I know it sounds like a lot of food, but don't be fooled, they are typically very small but delicious plates. Very friendly staff. Complementary bottled water during boil water advisory.5 stars because hey are different than the run of the mill sushi and the the have a good sake selection.  Great and fresh.  Had Tuna Tartare, Suzuki Sashimi, Seared Albacore, Scallop hand roll, and seaweed salad.  Best of all was the sashimi with sea salt, cracked pepper and truffle oil.  Going back for the Thursday specials when they get the Uni, Live Scallops and such. 
Anyone that has seen my reviews know I'm a sushi guy.  20+ years of Sushi bar hopping in several countries.  This is a good place. Among the best of the 10 + places I've been in the New Orleans area.I had a weird morning. I woke up from a sushi dream (seriously) to the news that my beloved Nozawa was closing it's doors today. The sushi by which I shall forevermore judge all other sushi would never be mine again. And here I am, 3000 miles away from Ventura Boulevard. So sad. And yet, the world keeps turning and before I got that sad news, I woke up with only one thought: "I want sushi." Enter Chiba (12 hours later)...
The space is large and pretty sexy. But so brand-spanking new that there's still a whiff of fresh varnish to the place. The staff is friendly and attentive. The food was...
Lemongrass Hot and Sour soup with Crawfish - a winner. Good flavor, good zing, bit light on crawfish though.
Squid Ceviche - the menu says Octopus ceviche, but they were out of octopus, so they offered to do this instead. Another winner.
Eel and cucumber roll, spicy tuna roll, salmon avocado roll, salmon skin roll, yellowtail jalapeno roll, saba sushi - standard to disappointing. The saba was the freshest but the prices for sushi/sashimi were slightly outrageous. The salmon skin roll came with eel sauce on it, which would have been good to know in advance. The spicy tuna had a fish scale in it. 
I'm not ruling out the possibility of a return visit at some point. They're new and working out kinks and you know the thing with raw fish is that you kinda need a steady demand to keep the supply fresh. So maybe going in mid-week was just setting them up for failure. My strategy in the future (and my recommendation to you) is to go in with a focus on the drinks and cooked foods and just dip your toes into the sushi menu before committing.
I feel a little bad laying it down like this so early in a restaurant's run but I'm also a bit baffled by all the 5 star "best sushi I've ever had in New Orleans" reviews. I've had way better sushi in New Orleans. Hell, I've even had better sushi on Oak Street.Food poisoning. Just spent the entire day at the hospital with my husband. They had to flush his system and put him on meds. Place serves spoiled food.Best sushi in town! After dining at Chiba several times, this place continues to exceed my expectations. Their specials are so unique and delicious. Even if you're not a fan of sushi, they have other yummy cooked food. The oyster steamed buns are perfect little appetizers. Some people complain about the price but you get what you pay for. You can taste the freshness in their fish. I love the sashimi tiradito! It's a must if you go.Thoroughly enjoyed the Wednesday all-night happy hour! Went with a group of 8 people. They were able to take a reservation and had our table ready and waiting when we arrived. 
There was a great variety of items to choose from on the happy hour menu and we all left very full and content! 
The restaurant is larger than I thought it would be and has many tables. It also has a great atmosphere and would be good for a date night. Definitely will return when I have a sushi craving!Eh, Chiba was just okay. I was expecting more based on previous reviews.
I had planned on going to Chiba for a very long time, and for some reason my schedule always conflicted.  Finally, as I was looking for a place to get some japanese food, mainly I wanted Ramen (after dinner/late night snack)...  I came upon Chiba as a late night spot because the place I wanted to go to was absolutely packed. It was friday night, and Chiba was dead empty save for 2 other tables.  We were seated quickly, and there were two servers/host(ess) on the floor. I think there was a bit of confusion as both of them within a few minutes or seconds of each other would constantly come to our table to ask if we were ready to order or if our food was okay.... And then there would be long periods where I would be trying to flag one down.
My partner and I initially ordered the edamame, special Audoban Roll,  and 2 steamed pork belly buns.  Subsequently we ordered 2 steamed duck buns, a shrimp tempura roll, and the blueberry tempura bread pudding. That's not necessarily a good thing. The Audoban Roll was disappointing, although it was a good idea.  The roll just fell apart too easily, it was impossible to eat it whole in one bite.  The rice was also lukewarm and tasted a bit old, the cucumber was a bit soggy, and the eel was... bland.   On the other hand, the steamed bun was much better, although the pork was a bit undercooked, based on the toughness/chewiness of the fat on the pork belly, which normally should just melt in your mouth.
I felt really dissatisfied and continued to order our next set of dishes to test them out. The duck steamed bun was good.  The shrimp tempura roll... again disappointing, lukewarm rice that was a bit too wet. I had come to the conclusion that they were using old rice from much earlier that night for their rolls.  I also noticed this time around that the rice was long grain and not the typical short, so that was probably why the rolls were falling apart so easily. I found this very strange, maybe they ran out?
Onto the blueberry tempura bread pudding.  Yum, good idea, although the actual bread pudding part was a bit harder than the usual soft gooeyness that you get from a bread pudding.  The outside was crisper, being fried, hence tempura.  This was good, the only part that could have done better, is that when they served it to us, the vanilla ice cream could have been formed more, or in other words, not already more than halfway melted on our plates.
Will I be coming back?  Maybe.... Maybe it was an off day.  I'll probably come back at happy hour to taste things under full-price lest I be disappointed again.A friend and I visited Chiba early in the evening to take advantage of their amazing happy hour deals!
This was our first visit.
Decor:  A
I was really impressed with the decor.  It's clean and stylish without being too loud and overbearing.  
Service:  A+
We sat at the bar and the owner, Keith, waited on us.  I enjoyed hearing about how he fell in love with the city and moved here from New Jersey to open this amazing sushi restaurant!  The service was attentive, without being overly so.  Since it was our first visit, Keith surprised us with a free dessert, which was amazing.
Food:  A
Everything that we ordered was fresh and absolutely delicious.  Since the happy hour prices were so amazing, we ordered several different things...edamama, mushroom gyoza, pork belly bun, eel roll, crunchy salmon roll and the strawberry satsuma roll.  Everything was delicious.  If I had to give a slight to anything, it would be that there wasn't much beat in the pork belly bun.  It was find for $3, but I would've had issue with it at the regular price of $6.  
Value:  A+ during happy hour - C for regular prices
All of the happy hour prices are amazing and it really gave us a chance to try a lot of different items.  The strawberry satsuma roll was the only thing that we ordered that wasn't on the happy hour menu.  While it was delicious, I found it to be much too small for the $15.50 price tag.  I checked out the regular menu and found all of the prices to be on the high side.
Conclusion:  I'd definitely go back to Chiba because of all of the pluses, but I'll likely just stick to happy hour or maybe just make it a very occasional splurge during non happy hour times.I really enjoyed dinner at Chiba. I almost always order hot and sour soup when it's on the menu, and their version containing crawfish was one of the best versions I've had. The seaweed salad was pretty mildly spiced, but that's nothing a little siracha couldn't fix. The rolls were also pretty great. We got simple rolls and they were exceptionally well done. Service was helpful and friendly. Great ambiance, as well.Chiba has some of the best sushi I've ever had! The atmosphere was comfy yet sheek. Margaret was our server and she was awesome! The manager Casey came over to our table and made sure that everything was satisfactory. He even gave us a complimentary desert! We will definitely be going back!Had the sashimi plate and it was a masterpiece of art and epicurean delight - ichiban.I love Chiba usually my favorite. I went last night and was a little disappointed in the size of the special rolls again. I noticed that last time I went a few months ago. I was told by the server at the time it was a new chef. They were a little better but still small and uneven. I noticed for the first time the rainbow roll had a shrimp on one, that was disappointing, no one else does that please put all fish not shrimp sushi or a crab stick. Overall very helpful and friendly server, always the freshest sushi! Love the happy hour! I will be back :)Went on a double date with our friends one night for happy hour hour. Tasty drinks and delicious Japanese food. Had Salmon Teriyaki and my husband had snow crab rolls and we both enjoyed our meal. Parking can be difficult during happy hour but it's totally worth it.Sushi rolls are small but still the same price as other sushi places. I do appreciate the creativity in the rolls. Really great happy hour.Absolutely delicious find, on our culinary tour through New Orleans! The steamed buns with duck and the spring rolls are a must. The item that made this dining  destination a unique experience for me was the  Coconut Mojito!The only thing I liked about Chiba was the atmosphere and presentation of the food. The sushi was mediocre but the quality of fish was high. I asked for sushi with brown rice and it came with white rice. The sushi order came before my appetizer of a soup. (The hot and sour soup was delicious). Also, when the cabbage side dish came it had no mushrooms which is described with mushrooms on the menu. Our waitress was kind enough to take this off our tab. Overall, the service was shoddy. (Our waitress was most likely overwhelmed, as she was bartending as well. She asked us if we wanted anything else when we had not received all of our food and I had to ask a couple of times for the cabbage side dish). This place is so full of glitches, overpriced, and horrible service. The sign is alluring as is the architecture/modern nyc feel, but that's the beginning and end of it.Sometimes I feel bad because I only seem to end up at Chiba during happy hour and rarely pay full price for anything there.  In my defense, though, it is a pretty impressive happy hour.  Beautiful $3 edamame, $3 sake, special dishes which are only served then (I get hungry every time I think about the miso grouper bun), some cheap and delicious basic rolls.  My only warning is that the vegetable tempura comes with shrimp unless you specify otherwise - really wish they would change that.
I understand the not-so-great reviews.  I, too, have been surprised by the bill a time or two when ordering sashimi off the regular menu, and underwhelmed by the size of the ~$15 special rolls.  I was also among those who rushed to try the place in the first week or two and experienced the imperfect opening.  But Chiba isn't trying to be another hole in the wall New Orleans sushi joint with huge mayonnaise-filled rolls, and I fully support their desire to break away.  The owners have a New York restaurant background and clearly know genuinely good sushi.  The quality of the fish is suberb, ambiance is elegant without feeling uncomfortably formal, at least one of the owners will check on you every time you sit down and be calling you by name after a few visits.  Go to Chiba when you want high quality sushi that is beautifully presented, not when you are starving for a plate heaped with fried food which just happens to be rolled in rice.Ok, I think I discovered the secret of Chiba: sit at the sushi bar and let the sushi chef create something special for you.
I stopped in here with a friend during their late night "happy hour" (funk and roll hour) and we sat at the sushi bar. First of all, their happy hour specials are pretty fantastic. They have a good selection of rolls for $3 as well as a nice assortment of discounted drinks. We decided to let the sushi chef work his magic and make us something amazing.
Nick was our sushi chef and he was super nice and friendly. We kind of just let him "do his thing". First he whipped up a roll with some kind of smoked fish and rice with a sauce on it. It was delicious. Then we decided on the short rib and sauteed duck steamed bun. I didn't have the short rib, but the duck was amazing and I'm not even a person who really likes duck!
Finally the chef made us another special roll that was a typical sushi roll, only instead of fish there was tender meat in it (beef) and it was topped with ginger flakes. I really should have had enough presence on mind to ask for a name, but I honestly just think that he was having fun and experimenting. It was fine with us, because it was fantastic!
I will definitely return for "funk and roll" hour. It's a really neat concept and makes for a more personal experience.Such a disappointment. The sashimi is not fresh at all. Fish roe had such a fishy taste (in a bad way) I could still taste it in my mouth after a couple hours. The environment and food presentation is not authentic either. Never seen a Japanese restaurant use a glass tea cup, or charge for the tea...Interesting place. It's not really a traditional sushi restaurant.  But more of an Asian restaurant that also sells sushi.  Very important items to note it has INARI which is really hard to comeby in NOLA and I love it.  It also has a vegetarian sushi or sashimi plate which is again rare. 
We had the specialty strawberry something roll and while I was hesitant, it was delicious. Another standout was the dessert tempura blueberry something. So tasty
The specialty cocktail menu was interesting and they had a good selection of high end sakes.
The service is still uneven but it's a new restaurant. I did feel the staff was trying...just confused.I loved Chiba! We started out with the edamame, gyoza pork, and steak yakitor. I had the crispy salmon, it was DELICIOUS. Perfectly cooked (medium) and accompanied with sautéed spinach and white rice. We finished with the blueberry bred pudding which is to die for. Not to mention the 3 dollar Cabernet glasses. Out server Brenda was quirky but friendly and efficient. I hope to become a regular at Chiba. LOVED IT.I will never eat at this restaurant ever again in my life. I went with a friend twice, the first time was an ok experience. I had the sweet n sour soup for the first time and it was actually good. The owner who's name escapes me, came and checked on our "two top" table and asked my opinion of the sweet n sour soup. I responded, "It was great!" The owner gave me his business card, and reassured me that the service was as exceptional as their food. 
As of last week, my (same) friend of mine decided to go back to Chiba. Only this time, we were more enthusiastic about returning bc of the initial great experience we received the first time, and it was a week from HELL and we simply wanted to enjoy a nice relaxing dinner, and receive the same exceptional service we did the first time. 
We started with a bottle of Sake with no intention at acknowledging the prices carefully, although we managed to order a $95 bottle. Okay, the meal came, they forgot one of the rolls we ordered, and in one of them the Avocado was mushy. We later get the bill, and it was $161!!!! GEES I KNOW RIGHT? It was that damn Sake! (OUR FAULT)
We pay the check via credit card, and within seconds once ran, my bank sent an alert that my card was charged $193!!!!!! I asked for the manager, who was RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL, AND ARGUMENTATIVE!
Lets not forget UNCONCERNED! She stated there was a 20% Gratuity which was not applied the time we ate there before, keep in mind that our first visit, with the same two people, was not charged the 20% gratuity. So why now this time? The so called "MANAGER" forced us to basically tip by 20% when in fact my friend still left $10 cash for the server. She blamed it all on my banking institution and insisted that all tables were charged a 20% gratuity! WRONG LADY, IM NOT AN IDIOT!!!
MANAGEMENT TRIED TO ROB ME OF MY MONEY, WHEN MY BUSINESS THERE THAT NIGHT WAS SIMPLY FEASIBLE ENOUGH! HOW DARE THEY WITHHOLD MY FUNDS BECAUSE THEY WANTED MORE MONEY! 
I WORK FOR A MAJOR HOTEL CHAIN HERE IN FRENCH QUARTER AND I WILL NEVER CONTINUE TO RECOMMEND ANY OF MY GUEST TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT, NEVER! IT AS A TOTAL DISREGARD OF PERSONAL FINANCES. I WILL CONTINUE TO SPREAD THE WORD AROUND TOWN OF SUCH HORRIBLE EXPERIENCES. 
IF YOU DON'T WANT BAD SERVICE , OR SIMPLY BE ROBBED OF YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY, DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR BUSINESS!Basically I wanted to go to the restaurant next door, but the were booked with over a two hour wait. I was not waiting that long so we came here instead. I never heard of this restaurant before so I had no expectations. Not expecting anything, I was not disappointed, but I was not dazzled. It was all-right.Crawfish rice was so,so. No taste. Miso soup was the same. The satsuma strawberry roll was decent decent, would not order it again. The eskimo popper roll was great, its a must try. Outdoor seating is cool, your right on the sidewalk. In a Friday night there was hardly any people walking by. This is a pretty cool spot, we'll be back.This was our second trip to Chiba and again, it was fantastic.  We brought the kids with us this time.  I find the atmosphere lively enough to where we were comfortable having htem at the table (5 and 3 yrs).  The food was fantastic and the drinks were outstanding.  Keith suggested some very nice saki and we loved it.  I commend the owners for making the investment in new orleans and creating what I think is a real gem on oak street.  A great bar, nice music in the background, and upscale atmosphere.  Reminds me of Cure on Frerret a little (with respect to the look)... Good luck! We will be back...
Paul...It's worth going for the sushi happy hour. The food is generally on the expensive side, but it's definitely high quality. I love this place, but unfortunately the negative comments about service are deserved. Service aside, the sushi here is better than most places in NOLA.I was pretty disappointed with this place.
I started with a pork belly and a duck steamed sticky bun slider. The buns didn't seem fresh, the pork belly did not taste or feel like pork belly. It was more like something they pulled out of the freezer and threw in the microwave. The duck was covered in an overly sweet sauce.
A friend said his crawfish fried rice was underwhelming.
The rice on all of our rolls was crappy. I don't think they used the traditional sushi rice, and the rolls were falling apart. My roll came with thin slices of lemon(without rind) on top which completely overwhelmed all of the other flavors and did not belong there, so I had to pick it off of my already crumbling roll.
There are much better places in the neighborhood, and if you must have sushi, go elsewhere.Walked in at 10:30 and ordered a drink. The bartender told me he doesn't appreciate drunk people coming into his bar and directed that statement towards me. (I had come from my night class at school) For his information I had not one drink until I walked into his bar. I ordered four sushi rolls to go and the bartender was so rude I did not want to eat. He had no personality and no cares to give. It was my first time and certainly my last. For being only one of a handful of restaurants on oak, you would think he would be more considerate. This place sucks! NEVER GO! Furthermore, the sushi was terrible and something I could expect from a gas station or low end grocery store. Not even the soy sauce was fresh it came in packets. At 18$ a roll you think it would be more classy. Terrible terrible terrible!Now I understand why this place has a lot of empty seats. Kind of expensive and overpriced.  The portion for the unagi don is pretty good size; however the eel does not bake long enough to make it bit crispy, and the middle part is still a bit cold. One good thing is the eel they serve are in huge size. Excellent service I will say. Sashimi wise, their fish is once again not cold enough, but their cut is really professional. Meaning i don't eat tendons in between.
My recommendation is so-so, no big surprises.Pretty decent happy hour.  The seaweed cucumber salad is light and refreshing.  We especially like the crawfish fried rice, it has a nice egg-y coating.  We tried some of the other little appetizers: pork gyoza, shrimp yakitori and pork belly and short rib steam buns.  The spare rib bun was definitely the best.  The sushi didn't blow our socks off, but does the trick when u just need a little sushi fix.  Plus, it's awesomely cheap!It's fine.  The food is good, maybe a bit pricey for the quality, which I think is similar to most places of this type in New Orleans.  Reminds me of Little Tokyo but less fun and with more 'serious' folks running the place and serving, which gives it a somewhat sad aspirational vibe.  Smug bro at the sushi counter did the place no favors.  I'd take my parents here because it's like grabbing sushi in the suburbs.  Easy, derivative, and no line.Keith took care of us and he was a delight. The sushi was delicious. We had a few starters too, including the mushroom gyoza, crawfish fried rice and seaweed salad--all stuff I'd order again in a heartbeat. Loved this place!Excellent meal there last night.  Dined with a friend and started off with a few hot sake's and ordered a roll, steamed bun, and crawfish fried rice, all were excellent!  The décor and vibe in the place are just right.   We had a few questions about filtered vs unfiltered cold sake and a gentleman named Keith let us try a variety of them and now we will be cold sake sippers for life, we will definitely be back soon!A friend of mine had heard about the Sushi Happy hour. We were so pleasantly surprised at the selection and quality of the rolls!! The Octopus Cerviche and the Crunchy Salmon rolls are probably 2 of my favorite things. I hate to single out just 2 of the rolls cause EVERYTHING is so yummy!!
The last time we were there, I was introduced to Oyster Sake Shooters. Totally rocked my world. I am in LOVE!! 
The atmosphere is very sleek. The sushi Chef, Guermo, so very nice and excellent at his craft. We really always look forward to coming here for both the food and the staff!!Awesome meal! Had the jazz roll, black widow roll and the ahi seaweed salad special-phenomenal meal. Do not miss the Pontchatrain Punch for 4, it's really does pack a punch! The pan roasted mussels were a hit at our table, I just don't care for them. Overall, the meal was presented well, the value was excellent and we will definitely return!They thankfully removed the delivery information from their website; however, their Yelp entry still maintains they deliver - but they don't.Place is nice, but my waitress (whitney/britney?) sucks. The service she gave us was nonexistent after we received our food. We found her talking nonstop with another table of customers. We have to flag down other servers to get our water refills and other stuff. Food is ok, again place is beautifully decorated, but avoid that waitress. I would definitely come back again, but would not recommend that server.Great place to go for some good appetizers and a drink. Really great happy hour specials. We had fried bread pudding! So yummy and so different! Located on oak street, so it's convenient to go here for happy hour and then head down the street for some good jazz at the maple leaf!Chiba is a bit off the beaten path, but worth the trip. Admittedly, I'm more of a FQ/CBDWarehouse District diner and don't often venture to Oak Street, but in this case, I'm glad I did. 
Chiba won't leave you disappointed, hungry or broke. The lunch specials are HUGE and very reasonably priced. The service was beyond compare and the vibe, hip & trendy. Everyone we encountered was super accommodating. Their focus on service, freshness & value gives me reason to not only highly recommend Chiba, but plan a return visit sometime soon.AMAZING!! Best Japanese place I've had since returning from living in Hawaii the last 4 years! Great service, great atmosphere and can't wait to go back!!Great atmosphere! Classy sushi and drinks. The waitress was really sweet and accommodating. 
I went during happy hour. I ordered the CALIFORNIA ROLL ($3), which was standard. I also got the EEL AVOCADO ROLL ($5), I like this one a lot--pretty good. I got small hot sake ($3). It was alright, not as strong as other sakes I've had.
I would definitely be back for happy hour, such a good deal!I come to this place very often. I have to consider it the best place in the area for roll and sake specials. Along with the great service, every time I come, the owners greet me warmly. 
It's a great spot to bring friends, coworkers, or to eat alone. You won't be disappointed.Just ate here for lunch. First time here, thought I would give it a go. There was not a dab of wasabi in sight. The rice tasted like just plain rice, not sushi rice. One of the worst sushi meals I have ever had and I have been eating sushi for 30 years. The waitress was civil, but unfortunately quite condescending. Very disappointed, there are better sushi places in town.My family and I went here for a nice lunch. We ordered the sushi rolls, and found that it was very overpriced for the size of the roll. The raw fish smelled and tasted like it was not fresh at all. After this meal we were all very bummed out about the quality of this sushi. Then we started experience some stomach pain and I assume that it was from the fish. I would not recommend going to this sushi place for so many reasons. Hope this helps.This restaurant was excellent in atmosphere, service, hospitality, and most importantly, incredible sushi. I am a California transplant living in the greater Nola area, and a regular traveler. I've grown up eating the freshest, authentic sushi. I'm also passionate about supporting local businesses. Since moving to the south, I have been on the hunt for great tasting sushi. After a few years, I found myself settling until now. As my husband and I were coming back from vacation, we found this highly recommended restaurant by fellow yelpers. The owner, Keith, was professional and very down to earth. The sushi tasted fresh and one of the best I've ever had. This place far exceeded my expectations and is my new fav spot.If you truly know sushi then you know what I mean when I say I worship sushi.  It's a quasi-religion.  I wish I could make it myself and eat it all day, but it's impossible to get true sashimi grade fish at the retail level in N.O.  Of course, that means I go out for sushi a LOT (more than I go to church, come to think of it).  I must've tried every single restaurant with "sushi" on the menu, but usually end up at Shogun or Kanno, or Kanno or Shogun...  So naturally I was excited to be asked by my folks to join them for Friday fish at this new place.  
The first impressions were very good, the interior is classy yet casual, the staff were all friendly and attentive despite it being surprisingly busy.  My mother always goes to "powder her nose" before spreading the napkin in an unfamiliar eatery, believing that the condition of a restaurant's bathroom equates to its kitchen's.  She's refused to eat in more than one "sushi" establishment after inspecting its bathroom, but she heartily approved here; them's some fine bathrooms.  I had a sake martini that was superb.  In fact, I could imagine coming back just for the drinks and ambiance.  We started with an octopus ceviche dish that was outstanding, truly an original in N.O.  The sushi/sashimi selection is possibly the finest in the city with delectables like ama ebi and otoro that are very rare (bit of a double entendre).  Clearly the owner cares about freshness and a higher-end product.  Even the wasabi was real.  We ordered a number of pieces of sushi and a few rolls, all artistically and appetizingly presented, all delicious.  I don't think we left a single grain of rice behind on the platters.  
After 30 years I think this may be our family's new go-to over Shogun for Japanese food, especially since Chiba has what looks like tasty hot menu options as well.  Is it Azabu in NYC or Urasawa in L.A.?  Flatly, no.  But this is New Orleans and Chiba absolutely is the best Japanese restaurant here.  You'd have to be one of those clueless sushi snobs or a mean-spirited dilettante not to appreciate this place and the direction it signifies for the complete dining-out experience in New Orleans.Overpriced and disgusting! My teriyaki chicken didn't taste like teriyaki at all! Our appetizer yakitori I had to go to the bathroom to spit out! My husbands fish was fishy and could smell it before it hit the table and had tons of bones in it! We didn't have any sushi so not sure if that is any good but everything else we got was a disappointment!Chiba has quickly become our goto Sushi Bar!  Great happy hour, freshest fish in the city and they are on Open Table.  The other night the scallops and hamachi were amazing!  Their rolls are some of the most creative in the city!  We arrived early with our kids (5,4,2) and that was ok but after 630 it would not bring my kids to Chiba.
Update:
So the menu has been spruced up in the most amazing ways!  Monday night is local fish night where the Chiba teams prepares a more local flavor to the sushi, Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday" with amazing tempura grouper, fabulous ceviches!  And Wednesday night is happy hour all night!  
This week in particular I would note the scallops were AMAZING!!!  We mixed a spicy scallop hand roll with avocado and yellow tail...oooh la la!!This is easily the best sushi place I've been to thus far in New Orleans, although you could accuse me of small sample bias (in this case, two). The lady had just come home from an MLK day weekend that had her in Shreveport chaperoning a student council retreat (better her than me), and was not in the mood to cook. We had walked by here and heard it was good during the oak street po-boy festival, and we decided that it was chiba's turn at the plate. The ambiance is not what you would expect from a sushi place, although I think that on-the-nose Asian decor can be a little cliche. The rolls are flavorful and tight, resisting disintegration when dipped in wasabi soy sauce. The wait staff is friendly, and what I found gratifying is that they have partnered with Son off a Saint, a charitable organization for fatherless boys in New Orleans, to offer specialty rolls, with a portion of the proceeds going to that charity. Basically, if you go to another sushi place, you're taking money out of a charity's pocket. It's totally your call though.The funk and roll happy hour special is awesome! I was pleasantly surprised by the variety. Unfortunately I didn't realize there was a happy hour coming up so we ordered some things full price. Their happy hour times change daily so be sure to check ;) The rolls were great, tasted fresh compared to other spots in NOLA I've tried sushi. I had the crunchy spicy salmon and spicy tuna rolls. We also tried the Gulf Coast Roll, which is a really good specialty roll without too much friend stuff like a lot of specialty rolls tend to have. This wasn't on special, but worth trying. Topped off with some green tea ice cream from the happy hour menu.Alden is the man! He made the best rolls (one of his own creation) and even took a request from us and put his own sweet spin on it! Go there for great sushi! Ask for the Cougar roll!For an upscale sushi restaurant this is one to try.  The food and atmosphere are great.  Very inventive menu along with the staplesI went to Chiba for the first time last night. My friend and I are both sushi lovers so we're always looking for new spots. The food was delicious and the sushi was super fresh :) but I was definitely blown away by the customer service. Our waitress was Lauren and she was AMAZING!!!! She made our first visit to Chiba one of the best experiences I've had here in NOLA. She was super attentive, informative, and overall her customer service was on a PRO level. We will definitely be back more often to visit Lauren.Ok these guys are the nicest most coolest best place to eats ever. they are soooooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooood i can't even believe the mouthttescular expieriantes when i partake upon the chiba goodness. My fave thing to do is to get basic junk always but my chick always gets radical sushi combos of a different variety and they are also always super righteous just like my regular basic sushi decisions. Great service. groovy owner. Sat outside on Oak street., felt the vibes, dug the scene. Very very very cool. I Come here all the time will be back for shores. Endorsement granted.
PS AMAZING DEALS, HAPPY HOUR WHOAChiba has the best sake selection of any New Orleans sushi restaurant. The owner is always around answering questions and suggesting new sakes. The atmosphere is great. Lots of seating and space yet it feels cozy and quaint. And did I mention they have THE BEST SAKE!Great date night spot! Once you get drinks and non-sushi entrees, the price does add up quickly! But, if you're willing to splurge, give Chiba a chance. Small-medium size and a decent crowd make it a trendy spot and perfect  for small groups and intimate dates. 
Next time, we will have to take advantage of their happy hour opportunities!
Overall: 4.0 / A -I've had Chiba a few times. Yesterday I ordered pickup. They said it would take 20-30 minutes. I arrived about 40 minutes after I had called and although there was only a few people inside (around 5 pm), they made me wait another 20 minutes for my food.  
However, this review isn't based off of the bad service. I gave two stars because I think Chiba is very overpriced for the amount of food they serve customers. I ordered two rolls, one audubon park roll and one st charles ave roll. Neither were very big but cost $15. The st charles ave roll was good (the other was pretty bland) but it was very overpriced. I would much rather eat elsewhere for Sushi.This was my first time going to Chiba and I was very excited to go try it since I am a HUGE sushi fan. The atmosphere of this place is nice and chill. I also came during the time of Happy Hour hoping to get the great deals!
We were greeted by our nice waitress and we ordered the Red Tuna Tataki, and Pork Gyoza as our appetizers. I like the tuna tataki however I found it pretty spicy! They put jalapeños in top of it but I thought it was still spicy without it. As for the pork gyoza, I didn't really like it since the pork wasn't whole pork meat like I usually have it - it was more like a mushy texture
We kept our orders on the happy hour menu and went with the Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll and Let the Good Times Roll. The spicy tuna roll was nothing special and I have eaten a lot better ones. The Good Times Roll was pretty good, but I really didn't like the shrimp tempura in it. The fried part of the shrimp was VERY soggy, so when I ate the roll, all I felt was mush - no different textures. 
Finally we got the Banana Foster Spring Rolls and I've got to say that it was delicious and I really liked it. The fried outside of the banana was crispy and cooked right. I will definitely get this again
I DO plan to come again to try new items but I will not be getting the two rolls that I already ordered again.The hot sake was delicious, amazing sushi and the blueberry tempura bread pudding was awesome!!First thing that we ordered was Satsuma Strawberry Roll, Gulf Coast Roll, and octopus ceviche. These were delicious! The rolls were very fresh, and the strawberry roll was definitely new for me
Yes, this place is pretty pricey, and I can definitely go to other cheaper sushi areas where they taste just as good for less the price. But I'm giving this place a four stars because they have some special rolls I haven't seen in other places, also their different types of ceviche! and their newer items on the menu, such as the taco items I need to try.
It's a good place to try if you want a "fancier" sushi place to eat. I also like how they have a regular happy hour and a "Reverse" happy hour which starts from 10-1am depending on certain days.As is all New Orlean's sushi, not good.  Tuna was not fresh, place smells like an abandoned fish market.It's great to see another new business open up on Oak Street.  Unfortunately there are still quite a few kinks to work out.  The service was great as both the hostess and waiter were well trained and friendly.  The quality of the sushi was decent but definitely not worth the price point.  Actually, the price point of $$ is wrong and should be more like $$$.  The price per piece of sushi/sashimi was quite ridiculous and the price for both standard and special rolls is way too high.  The rolls are very small and come with few pieces per order.  This is all in comparison to both other local sushi spots and top japanese restaurants in other major metropolitan cities like NYC and LA.  As for the design, overall the buildout is quite expected and doesn't really stimulate the eye on any level.  The exposed brick design is comforting but the art work was bland and lighting design felt like an afterthought.  For the price point the space should definitely be more polished and more forward thinking.  Now if the price point was lower, the design would make more sense.  Overall, Chiba appears to be half way there but still needs to up the game in terms of food quality in order to justify the price point.  Otherwise, slash prices and it will make more sense.Leaving Chiba right now, and I was going to write a review about how the Strawberry Satsuma roll with soy paper is my favorite roll of my whole life anywhere I've ever had sushi, and then I saw I already did that in my previous review.  Hmm, I must really believe it : )  Anyway, it's so good that it deserves repeating, so I'm not deleting this update....Christmas evening dinner was just EPIC at Chiba.  It started with our exceptional server, Hannah (blonde Hannah since their are two).  She was enthusiastic, on point on refills, excellent advice and recommendations, informing us of ways to enjoy their Happy Hour Wednesday's, friendly, and probably the best server I have ever had outside of places that have "teams" for each table (like Antoines or Commander's Palace, both of which would have been three times the cost).  
Now to the the artisan food that we consumed with a never ending smile this evening.  We started with the Tempura Short Ribs, one bite each and me and my girlfriend emitted savory "mmmmm's" and "dear lords" while enjoying the brown sugar soaked succulent meat topped with jalapeño and a sauce that was a perfect balance of sweet and salty.  Did I mention that the were tempura fried before being coated in sauce for that little crunch.  
I am weird and enjoy warm saki and Kirin while my girlfriend enjoyed several of the signature cocktails.  The brown sugar mojito was excellent and a very creative amalgam of flavors.  My warm saki was constantly full and my Kirin was replaced before I had my final sip every time, again Hannah (that's the blonde one for the record) for the win!
Our main course was three sushi rolls; the Black Widow, the Let the Good Times Roll, and a mainstay California Roll.  The Black Widow was the winner, chosen by my GF, with copious caviar and crunchy caviar and spinach to give the greatest texture mixture of the night.  My GF requested the Sirachi on the side and a side of eel sauce, with a little of both of these drizzled on top it was a close second to the short ribs for best bite of the evening.  The Good Times roll was above the norm with a great mix of flavors that didn't need any sauce.
We would recommend this location to anyone looking for a memorable fulfilling meal in the Uptown area.  Make a reservation if you can to make sure you don't have to wait long.  Have to say their staff takes pride in their restaurant and put the extra energy in to help get you seated as soon as possible.  The manager on duty, Hannah (redhead Hannah) was friendly and attentive to making sure all of the waiting and seating patrons were taken care of.This place was really disappointing, and I'm not really sure why it has a four star rating...My boyfriend and I went to Chiba for their happy hour- the menu seemed really great and the prices were awesome. Well, first of all, the prices were half off, but so were the portions, so it was kind of pointless. Then, the food wasn't really worth it at all. We got steak yakitori which was the best part of the meal, but only came with three tiny pieces of steak (not even mouthful size), shrimp tempura steamed buns, whose filling was really good but the buns were weird and unnecessary, pork gyoza, which were fine, and spicy crunchy salmon rolls. WORST sushi I have ever had. It was so so so so fishy tasting, sushi isn't supposed to taste fishy! The fish is supposed to be fresh enough that it doesn't have that gross fishy flavor! The rolls were tiny, like half the size of normal rolls, poorly wrapped, and just grossly fishy. Also, they don't provide soy sauce? What?? I really don't know why this place has such a good rating, unless all these people aren't eating the sushi and don't mind getting ripped off. Skip it, and go someplace with awesome sushi for a little bit more money (though with the larger portions and million times better taste, its a better value by far)- like Mikimoto or Ninja, both right down the street!Just hit up some Happy Hour deals at Chiba. We sat at the bar and were waited on by the owner, Keith. He is extremely friendly and knowledgable. The cocktails (I had the blackberry mojito, fresh and palette cleansing) were strong without compromising flavor and only $7. They had enough liquor in them to qualify as a double for the single shot price. We also treated ourselves to two $3 steamed buns: pork belly and short rib (a MUST try!!). The short rib was tender like a pot roast yet fried in a tempura batter with pickled veggies and a drizzle of eel sauce. We also had the fois gras ($7) steamed bun. It was without exaggeration the BEST flavor I have had in a long time. The bun consisted of a steamed bun (think light and sweet dough) split with a thin slice of juicy, crisp apple, the perfectly sautéed fois gras on top of tangled carmelized onions. They also have a reverse happy hour starting at midnight until 1am. This place is a MUST!! We stopped in because we wanted to kill some time while waiting for Jacque-Imo's to open. We are pleasantly surprised and plan on coming back after dinner to hit up the late night happy hour.Went to Chiba for the first time this week and it was great.  The sushi was fresh and delicious.  Nice wine list and very good waitress (Allison).  Several options for vegetarians and they will prepare the sushi rolls w brown rice!!  All of the fish was delicious. The sushi was the freshest and prettiest sushi we've had in Nola. Chiba is a great addition to Oak Street and would highly recommend.It's a nice, more upscale restaurant. The atmosphere is very nice & I like the layout a lot. The lights are a bit too dim though so the menu was a little hard to read & the live music sounded great but was VERY loud. My party had to literally yell at each other while the music was playing. The service was good & the sushi tasted great! Overall a positive experience & I would recommend to anyone craving sushi in the areaI think I have it mixed up; Chiba really is Japanese first, sushi & sashimi second.  You need the rolls, because the quality of the fish isn't as pristine as I'd like for naked fish. I'm not a big fan of multi-ingredient rolls, so it was a letdown for me. I did try one of the special appetizers - the yellowtail ceviche. The execution just didn't work; the only flavor was hot, and the diced fish were too difficult to pick up with the - blueberries - with chopsticks.
I'll go back sometime - the servers are gracious and fast, and those happy hours are extremely tempting.