A cockroach was found in a customer's soup here, and the lady was very rude and inconsiderate, even taunted the customer.
Do NOT eat there.Very good! Nice portion size..food was very tasty. The only problem is I am allergic to eggs and to get the food customized was an additional 2 dollars! lol No biggie, but it was goodie! xoxoI absolutely LOVE the food here! My dad owns a Chinese restaurant back in my hometown so I'm very picky when it comes to Chinese food.  When I lived in New Orleans for a few years this was my favorite place for delicious Chinese food!  Everything from the eggrolls, boneless chicken, cho chos, crab rangoons, bbq pork is made right in the kitchen and never bought froze/premade.  My favorites are the shrimp fried rice, General Tzao's chicken, boneless fried chicken, and Triple Dragon.  Also, it's not expensive and you get large portions! Mr. Lee has been the owner for over 20 years and is always there to make sure the food is great quality.  Everytime I visit New Orleans, I always make a stop here!Ordered take out from here yesterday for the first time.  Got my food in about an hour, as was quoted.  I ordered the Eggplant and Pork Combination dinner (spicy) with fried rice and egg roll.  The egg roll was good, as was the fried rice, and the portion was huge, but there was no pork anywhere in the dish, just eggplant, and it wasn't spicy at all.  Also got the egg drop soup which was for me as it was on the greasy/slimy side and that's not my favorite texture.  I'll probably give them another shot but so far nothing really special.Five stars because I was just home sick living off their hot and sour soup for two days. It is really tasty and perfect for what ails me.  The employees all seemed quite nice when I came in to pick up my to-go order of soup. 
This restaurant is in a somewhat funky little strip mall on Elysian just on the river side of where Filmore crosses. I will be back and I wish this had been here when I was at UNO.
Five stars may seem premature since I have just had one thing and got it to-go at that. I don't care because that soup was really good and I will be back. Oh, there were a ton of cops sitting at tables having lunch when I picked up my first order of soup. That generally bodes well for getting your money's worth.Chinese Tea Garden used to be my favorite.  It is still good chinese food... it just isnt as good as it used to be.   I feel like it changed owners, alot of little changes.
This visit, I had egg drop soup and beef fried rice.
The fried rice was good but it was different: less egg, different beef, tasted different.  The duck sauce pot that was customarily on the table is now mia. 
The egg drop soup was generic, whereas it used to be my favorite in the city.  The crunchy wonton strips for the soup were very different, and not for the better.
Also, the video poker machines are gone and that seems like another sign of new ownership.
Overall, still a good Chinese restauraunt, but not worth the drive from the other side of the city.Great place for a super cheap lunch. The plates are huge. I can eat for three days off one. And the food comes out of the kitchen hot and fresh. This is a basic neighborhood Chinese joint that will do if you're in the area.I passed here every day for years and didn't even know it existed!!  Was only after some friends insisted on the location that lived in the neighborhood was I aware.  It doesn't help that they operated WITHOUT A SIGN & black windows for 30 years?!?!  Went here with a group and got the moo-shoo pork.  They nailed it!  Plum sauce, thin pancakes, ample pork & extra anything was awesome.  But everything was exceptional.  No place better around there.
Now if I can only find fish tacos like they make in Ensenada!, I'd be thrilled....We were a little non-plussed by only 1 egg roll on the appetizer platter and that the crab rangoons were just deep fried wonton wrappers. No filling, just a dorito shaped triangle of fried flour. We also both ordered the Yaka mein. The pork was good but the broth was just a basic chicken with no traces of hangover suspending flavors or spices. I could have used some ketchup and worcestershire to help this along. Service was great and the restaurant was clean and inviting. The menu looked good and i'll try some other things in the future.My go to place. Ive been eating here since a kid. Love love love this place.   and the Egg rolls are the best ever.It's great for the simple fact it's descent and its only 5 minutes away from my house which f'n awesome!!!!!Ok, you may think I am biased but I really am trying not to be with this review.  My father (Mr. Lee) owns this restaurant and started helping him out there since I was 12 years old working on the weekend and when employees were on vacation.  Eventually when I was in my 20's I learned every aspect of working in the restaurant and became a chef.  Ever since I moved away from NOLA I've tried all sorts of different Chinese restaurants in different cities and nothing compares to Chinese Tea Garden!  The reason why is b/c Mr. Lee has been in the business for over 20 years he is passionate about his food! This is coming from a former chef :)Meh. It was decent I don't see how they are getting so many great reviews I guess there isn't much competition.
The food was decent the service was bad. But they do have large portions.I really like the food here! The orange chicken is the best I've ever had. If I could change anything it would be the smell of the place. It's weird. Can't be that bad though as I continue to go back. I'd recommend it.Total jackpot.  Great quality, large plates, cheap prices.The food was ok. The service was good. But omg I was shocked when they charged $2.50 per head for HOT TEA!!!! Are you kidding me???? I wouldn't come back because of this reason. It's ridiculous and way over charged for HOT WATER AND 1 BAG OF TEA!!!! RIDICULOUS!!!!!Okay I'm chinese and I'm a sucker for Americanize chinese food. Don't get me wrong I like the real stuff like the chinese broccoli instead of american broccoli. But sometimes I just need some shrimp fried rice and kung pao chicken. 
This is my designated place whenever I am near the lake front. It doesn't hurt that it's close to UNO either. 
My favorite is the kung pao chicken. I like it spicy and they do a great job with that. Be careful not to bite into those dried red chili peppers. But you should only worry if you're a 'newb'. You can't go wrong ordering some crab ragoons and shrimp toast. Unlike most others I've had before these are stuffed with a generous amount of the goodness. 
The negative about this place is ordering can be difficult at times. Most of the employees speak little english. But I guess this is more of an annoyance than negative. 
I get my food and it makes my stomach happy.BAD NEWS !!!  Mr. Lee and Ms. Mae have sold the restaurant. 
I'm very sorry to hear this !!! It is no longer under Chinese Management !!!
The taste of the dishes has changed for the Worst...Not Good At All !!!
The menu is the same but the sauces, that give the dishes their distinct flavor, "Have Gone to The Dogs". 
Ordered the "Sai Woo Duck" and the sauce base is now a very thin, weak, soy based, watery broth. Mr. Lee's was a luscious, velvet like, thicker sauce, with much better flavor. The duck pieces are now very thin, over cooked, dried out, tasteless flat strips. Unlike Mr. Lee's 1 1/2 inch square, succulent juicy tasteful duck, which was cooked perfectly.
I sent it back and ordered a simple "Mandarin Chicken". The fry and succulence of the chicken was better, but not the same batter quality of Mr. Lee's. The sauce was terrible and tasted like it was from a can. Could Not Eat the Sauce.
My wife's "Shrimp, Okra and Lobster Sauce" was very weak on flavor and consistency.
All of Mr. Lee's servers are gone. Our server was "pretty good" however, she said that the kitchen staff has changed as well. "Oh Really"?
WE WILL NOT RETURN !!!Shout out to the awesome new waiter Derrick talk about making you feel good about spending your more he was polite, funny , and attentive without hovering you found a good one China Tea Garden !!!!This egg foo young of joy is one step up from the Chinese spot that's in that sketchy neighborhood but has the best eggrolls in the city. However, its not a fancy and commercial as P.F. Changs. Their fried rice is pretty descent, eggrolls arent the best in town but not the worst either. I would say go with their cho chos. I usually get their boneless chicken plate (white meat) and the cho chos and Im pleased with my 10 buck plate. Word to the wise, don't eat the chicken wings, they are fried in a tempura batter not so great. The space is fairly clean no weird orders and there is plenty of space if you want to dine in solo or with a group of lo mien lovers like yourself.Probably the best Chinese food in NOLA. Definitely beats out Five Happiness. I love the convenience of it and the Orange chicken isn't too breaded. YUM!3.5/5 generous portions
what i probably noticed the most was the politeness of the staff. i only had takeout, but if my experience at the register was indicative of the in-restaurant service, i'm sure it's attentive. second, when they handed me my bag, it was one of those things where your arm drops - how many lbs of food is this? such a generous portion, was more than enough for 2 full meals (and under $10)! 
i'm not in the area much, but if i were this would be a go-to.Wow. I was so disappointed and embarrassed. There were many empty tables that hadn't been cleared off, no one was greeting guests, and my mother and I were there for 15 minutes before being asked if we wanted menus. We waited another 10 minutes. The girl disappeared into the back of the restaurant, no one was busing tables, and still no menus. The place was, in general, filthy and unwelcoming on this day. We left. This was Saturday the 19th of Dec.
I will never darken the doorstep of this place again. It is a shame.Well I wanted to try this place out since I was craving Chinese. It was a nice place and the staff was curious and attentive. The food was alright tasted like it was straight out of Sysco. Felt like it was more akin to buffet Chinese food then a sit down and enjoy place. It was kinda over priced for the buffet level of cuisine. I got Mongolian beef which had been sitting over a hot oven for it was scalding hot in most places and Barry warm in others. I think they should change to a Chinese buffet indeed for the price it is not worth it.Food is good can't complain about that. Ate there once, had a nice experience. Another time, I had take out, got home, and OMG there was hair in my food! I knew it wasn't my hair b/c the hair was cooked into the food!! Neatless to say, I won't be eating there again. Yuck!Typical Chinese restaurant with the usual menu. The food is either hit or miss most of the time. Sometimes it is good and other times it leaves a little to be desired. Due to the lack of consistency I have given this place three stars.I went here really craving some good Chinese food. I ordered the General Tong's Chicken it was decent but had some sorta sour/burnt flavor that was not pleasing, possibly old oil or something. The shrimp fried rice was pretty good, may have been the saving grace from a 1 star review. I will try this place again and order something else soon!I am so upset with this place. Do not go here. I have gone here for over 13 years and always loved it. The last few years I have been hearing and seeing negative comments about this restaurant being unsanitary. Many people have said they found roaches in the food. So, I ordered take out last weekend and as soon as I open the take out box there is a small roach in the food. I am so done. Other reviewers have said that the restaurant knows and doesn't care. Well apparently they are right..:(Perfect Chinese food. We eat here at least once a week. The food is great for the price. It's a great Gentilly staple.Dont wanna drive too far?  Great neighborhood spot!  Great friendly fast service! The Beef and broccoli was amazing!This has been one of my favorites for years, but Mr. Lee obviously doesn't run the kitchen any longer! I'm disappointed before eating anything! This is a pic of my MuShu Pork (before opening the dish).I think this place may have the best veggie fried rice in town. I haven't tried anything else from here, so I cant say that its all amazing food but if you're hungry for good fried lice, then give the tea garden a call.You cannot beat the food for the $. Most unique item is the Cho Cho. It's a must get. Also an option on the combos. Quality:). Please remember to tip as there's a sign to do so, wow, but sad you have to be reminded to tip. Service is adequate. They relocated to this side of the building which is nicer and bigger.  I do not live in the area or I would eat here more often. Our favorite is the Tea House Chow Mein, Cho Cho. The shrimp toast is good too.This meal was a combination of compromises. My  colleague wanted Chinese food. Why I would eat Chinese in Louisiana when I live in CA I don't know!? I wanted to eat Indian food. He was probably thinking the same...why would I eat Indian in LA when I live in Philly?! This place was the least Americanized Chinese food I could see from Yelp photos. 
My first choice was the soft shell crab but it wasn't available. My second choice was the seafood combo. The scallop was not too fresh but the shrimp and lobster tail were fine. Stir fried with broccoli means it needs some sauce to bring together quite bland seafood ingredients, but the chef wasn't about to deliver that. I resorted to stealing the sauce from my colleague's dish and requesting some chili sauce too. Overall average dish. May be it was because I saw a non-Chinese guy in the kitchen?
My colleague's vegetarian so he got veg fried rice and extra plate of vegetables V1 on the menu. That was ok. Not bad, not wow.
The local fire fighters come and eat here If that's Any indication of this place. The plates are huge...one order is enough for 2 diners.This place has extremely tasty Chinese food that's easily better than Five Happiness and it's cheap and the portions are huge. One dinner special is enough for two and a half meals for me. It's well worth checking out.Kind of a hole in the wall type of restaurant. Great food though. If you are in the area I would recommend you stop by!I've eaten here twice, since moving to the neighborhood 12wks ago and I love it!! A great neighborhood place, which has been around for a couple of decades, so the staff knows everybody!! The foods good, price is good, staff is friendly!!! I recommend, highly...Pretty good for an average looking Chinese restaurant. Convenient for college kids closeby. The Chinese food is actually pretty good and not pricey, the service is a bit better than before so that's another plus. Very nice owners too. Orange beef was good last time I had it (which was 2 years ago LOL). Today we had the potstickers, lunch combos: General Tong's chicken and Tea Garden Lomein special. The lomein was different than what I expected. The lomein was thin, thin, stringy egg noodles and I expected it to be the thicker noodles but in the end it was good anyway. It's a combo of chicken, pork, shrimp, cabbage, carrots, and celery. Pretty good I'd have to say bc I was pretty disappointed when it came out looking that way but it tasted good changed my mood. Haha! My friend had the General tong's chicken, not sure how it tasted but I assumed it was good as well. Both came with fried rice, which was also good. Not bland like typical, average Chinese restaurants that don't seem to wanna put effort into it just bc it comes with the combo.  So this place, all in all, is good for quick lunch and if you're craving some good ole Chinese food.I love Chinese tea garden. Every time I come home to New Orleans I get enough chicken fried rice to bring back with me to DC. I don't know what they do, but the food here is delicious, high quality, fairly priced, and most importantly, consistent. I've eaten here since I was a kid, and everything is the same in the best way possible.I couldn't get past the bathroom. There were mouse droppings EVERYWHERE. It made me reluctant to order food, so I just got some veggie soup. BF got some chicken dish which was an insane portion for the price -- he said it tasted okayyy -- but it may or may not made him sick the next day. For me it was a sanitary thing, him a food not delicious enough to risk feeling crappy (literally) over. Either way, we shan't be returning, which is a shame considering how limited the neighborhood options are.This is the best chinese place I've found in the New Orleans Metro area.
Their egg drop soup is great!  The wontons it is served with are always crispy and fresh. On a cold rainy day it is my favorite comfort food.   
The quality of the beef is very good and their shrimp taste fresh.   Their sauces are flavorful and they do not skimp.  I'm not normally a big fried rice person but here it is a must. 
The crab rangoons are yummy and fresh and are balanced in flavors.  I could probably live on crab rangoons and white rice. 
My husband's fried pork chops were amazing.   If you are thinking of trying them,  do it! 
Everything we've had here has been great.  We drive from Jefferson without hesitation.For a takeout Chinese place in Gentilly the Chinese Tea Garden boasts a sizable selection from various styles of Chinese food. 
For me what earns them an above average rating of of four starts is that they were totally understanding of making the vegan options for the dishes I ordered. 
Most quick Chinese restaurants do not know how to prepare vegan or understand what it is. 
If only they could improve the cleanliness and ambience of the establishment then this place would be perfect.I've been eating at this place for a while now and lately they have disappointing me. I ordered my usual dish, which is the combination rice with no shrimp and extra chicken.  I preceded to eat my rice and it had a lot of foreign stuff in it.  So i threw it all away.  I hope that no one else has this experience. 2 times it was horrible. You just lost a good customer.Place isn't the cleanest ever. But the food is really good. The cho cho are the best I've ever eaten. The sweet and sour pork was really good, as was my finances generals chicken. The shrimp fried rice was pretty good. The hot and sour soup needed some soy was was pretty good after, and was nice and spicy. The portions are HUGE!great portions good price tasty food, they have duck at a good price alsoI visit here A LOT!  So much so that I know the owners name and some of the employee's names.  My typical order is a white meat combo plate with a side of sauce whether it be sweet and sour, orange, or lemon plus double rice.  I love the egg rolls here.  Their egg rolls are the closest thing to Chinese Kitchen on S. Carrollton which is further away.
The food is good and you get nice size portions for a decent price.  I usually get 2-3 meals out of  my plate for less than $15.  
Service is just okay.  
The restaurant recently changed locations--literally around the corner, but using a different parking lot.Egh.  Ok, I went here today for lunch.  I hadn't been there since before Hurricane Katrina so I wanted to try it again.  I knew that before the hurricane, my family would sometimes go there and the food was at least alright.
So I decided to try it again.  One of the workers there was older and very Chinese and he gave my order away to someone else.  But I let that go because I understand that he was just trying to help and it was an accident.
When I did get my food, it wasn' that great.  The chicken was ok for the first few bites but then some pieces were way over cooked.  Ew.  Then shrimp fried rice had a nasty shrimpy taste.  I guess the shrimp needed to be cleaned more or something.  And then the eggroll was also not great.  I have had better eggrolls from "Asiansation" from the freezer isle in the grocery.
I have had better Chinese food at Red Star or the place in Lakeside Mall foodcourt.  I am sorry for wasting my time because not only did it take long to get my order, but also, it didn't taste good at all.Simply the best Chinese Restaurant in Gentilly. Very reasonably priced and large portions. I can get three meals off of one order.
Edit 6 years later: The place has gone downhill terribly. Dirty, food is unappetizing, and neighbors have reported getting sick. Just a sad situation where a once great place has tanked.Ive seen the reviews here and theyre all mostly bad. I can't say Ive ever had a bad experience here anytime I have ever come. I actually like it. Its not perfect but the food is plenty and the flavors are truly present. 
Sometimes it can be hit or miss.
Our go to orders are usually the egg foo yung and the boneless fried chicken. I usually order egg foo yung with white rice. They usually make the mistake of giving my fried rice...which is fine. I give it to my fiancee. He loves fried rice. Personally, I find their fried rice a bit salty...but I love the egg foo yung. 
Both dishes are enough for 2 nice sized meals. We always have more than enough. The boneless fried chicken is cooked very well...tender and juicy on the inside and light and crispy on the outside.
From its appearance, it could use some sprucing up..probably even a better venue would do it some good. Considering that there is maybe 2 other Asian restaurants to choose from in the area (Sushi place on Elysian fields and a chinese restaurant at the shopping center where Rouses is)...its not a lot to choose from if youre not trying to stray to far and just want something different.Don't ever eat here, they have roaches in the food and when was told about it they were rude and laughed. They feel people will still come and eat.. I'm trying to make sure no one gets sick.Gigantic portions and pretty good as far as chinese food in new orleans goes. Highly recommend the cho cho.One of the best places in Gentilly. Fast service, reasonable prices, and delicious mandarin chicken.I haven't been here in years and I am pleasantly surprised.  The customer service is improved.  This is a great neighborhood restaurant in Gentilly.  I had the shrimp with broccoli in garlic sauce and a cho cho.  Huge portions at a great price.  I recommend this restaurant to locals and visitors if they venture out of the quarters.Ordered the crab ragoon and general tongs chicken. Very clean, and the people are friendly. The food here is always great. It's a bit pricy, but the portions are worth it. The shrimp fried rice reminds me of the only chinese food resturant we had back home. I will definitely be returning.BAM!!!!! There literally was this cartoonized words in the background when the server brought out the bobo platter for appetizer. It was for two people and was about $12 and some change, and I was regretting that I fell for their trick to get the tourist.  Oh mama, it was not a joke. The crispy shrimp toasts were greasy but oh-so-good, humongous egg rolls were dripping with oils on the outside but was filled with real seafood stuffs and tasty. The ribs were a bit dry but the sauce was tasty.  Their cream cheese filled wontons were gigantic. I only recommend the bobo platter for brave and healthy hearted young people who work out.  It was definitely too heavy as an appetizer, but my bf and I were hungry, so we were happy. The eggplant in garlic sauce is my favorite dish in any Chinese place, and they did it very well here without making it too salty and mushy. We also got the half of roasted duck, and the meat was a little chewy but the skin was crispy and underneath it was lumps of rich tasting duck fats. The grease made it easier to chew the meat, and it was not so bad for $11 dollars and something. I was just curious and I kinda liked it.  The server was cute and nice.  I ordered hot water, expecting her to bring it in a teacup like in other Chinese restaurants, but she brought it in a plastic cup (I am BPA-phobic) AND put the plastic straws in there..so my bf who thought it wouldn't be so hot scalded his mouth before tasting the good foods.  The server brought ice and warm water that she mixed for us.  That made up for everything.  I did not taste so much MSG, since I wasn't dizzy or extremely thirsty after the meal. I just wish they do a little better job in frying so that foods won't be soaked in oil. I still would go back :)Never EVER EVER EVER Eat At Chinese Tea Garden In Gentilly ! Found A Roach In My Food .. Then When I Called The Lady Asked Me WhAt Did  I Want Her To Do About It  I Had To Curse At Her Just To Get Money Back ! On my way Out The Place After Recieving My Cash Back , I Told Her I Will Post Her On Every Social Site I Have .. She Chuckled & Said " Oowhh I'm Scared " I Told Her She Will See !! I'm Beyond Pissed ‼ I Lost My Appetite Finding A Roach In My Food & Customer Service Was Beyond Horrible !! Y'all Just Don't Ever Eat Here ! Tell Your Entire Family , All Your Friends .. Don't Do It  #Chineseteagarden In Gentilly ! #NolaCame to visit and needed a quick Chinese food remedy, has to be the worst experience ever. The staff does not care for your needs and the food tasted decent. Also, after the meals my two friends got really sick, so their foods might not be fresh.This food was not good at all Iam so disappointed I will never go there again I spent $20.00 that I don't have to just throw away the egg roll was nothing but cabbageI would actually give this place a 3.5 stars. The food is good and the service is ok. The waitress was friendly but she did get my order wrong. If you are craving Chinese and you don't want the random fast food Chinese, then tea garden may be that place. It satisfied my craving for Mandarin chicken and fried rice.The health department needs to shut this location down. Poor poor sanitation at this location. They have roaches in their bathrooms, along with the fact that the waitress touches everything after touching trash.I ordered some egg drop soup to go and when I started eating it I found big chunks of grey egg (I hope it was egg)!  It was pungent smelling and gross.  I ordered soup because my stomach was upset and this made it worse! I will not be ordering from there again!This place smells really, really, bad, the food quality sucks, not really sure how board of health allow this restaurant to remain open.  Tea Garden has been around for years, our community has supported it 100%.. we deserve better.... Close your doors, make your repairs, return your food to the high standards offer in the past.... I refuse to return under current conditions!..This is the closest Chinese food restaurant to my house in Gentilly. Generally, their food is delicious! However, when I make special requests, they are never taken. Such as, no onions. I get home and my food is drowned in onions! You ever tried picking out thousands of slivers of onions from fried rice for your child because that wasn't cheap and I'll be damned  if that rice will go to waste? EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. For this reason, I didn't order for quite a while. This week, I had a craving, so decided to give them another try. I called at 7 PM to place an order for pick up. I heard the cook in the background dropping F bombs and calling the person on the phone an idiot. Saying that he was not going to make any f'n fried Rice. I told the person on the phone that I heard what the chef said, and because of that, I would not be placing an order at that time or ever again. That made me so uncomfortable! So unprofessional! The lady on the phone apologized, told me that the chef was new, and another chef would prepare my food. I told her "No, thank you. I feel very uncomfortable ordering anything." I guess I'll have to travel a bit farther for Chinese food when the craving hits.Please save your money, over priced and poor food quality ,I should have followed the other yelp reviews40 different CRITICAL health code violations in ONE year, highest (by far) in the entire New Orleans Metro area?  No thanks!Never EVER EVER EVER Eat At Chinese Tea Garden In Gentilly ! Found A Roach In My Food .. Then When I Called The Lady Asked Me WhAt Did  I Want Her To Do About It  I Had To Curse At Her Just To Get Money Back ! On my way Out The Place After Recieving My Cash Back , I Told Her I Will Post Her On Every Social Site I Have .. She Chuckled & Said " Oowhh I'm Scared " I Told Her She Will See !! I'm Beyond Pissed ‼ I Lost My Appetite Finding A Roach In My Food & Customer Service Was Beyond Horrible !! Y'all Just Don't Ever Eat Here ! Tell Your Entire Family , All Your Friends .. Don't Do It ! If I Can Give Them No Stars I Most Definitely Would! Because Of The Rudeness & The Woman Acting So Nonchalant When I Did Tell Her I Would Post It On Every Social Media Account I Have .. I Made Sure I Did Just That!I'll write it out since it is not an option, ZERO STARS. I wanted to try the restaurant's Yakamein (scold me later) and when I did there were bugs in it. It is also unclaimed.I've been eating here since I was in elementary school. best Chinese food in the city, 4Roach infested nasty place.  My cousin went to eat and had a roach in his food.  Last month we had food from there and the rice was old and hard. Don't waste your time or money.  It's time to bring back quality establishments to the area not garbage roach coaches!!!Food is good and cheap. The egg drop soup is one of the best I've ever had. Nice portions. 
I would not recommend dining in. The place is kind of warm and "sticky". Not the most inviting either. I have only picked up food there. My roommates get take out there 2-3 times a week.