So glad we tried out this relatively new spot! The decor of the restaurant was chic and modern. My friend and I went during happy hour and ordered some sake! Our server, who was also the bartender, was extremely helpful and easy to talk to! We tried the Cho's Fried Chicken and I had the Grilled Shrimp Pad Thai! The star of the lunch was the fried chicken! My pad thai was good but I think that it was lacking some spice or missing some extra kick to it. Next time I'll get something else to taste! Plus, the portions won't leave you hungry. You get your money's worth!! Will most definitely be coming back!We came for coolinary but ordered off the regular lunch menu instead. 
The food was so good! The crab claws were amazing. The bread super light and perfect for sucking up the crab claw sauce. Def should have taken our waiters offer to order more bread. Lesson learned for next time. The scallop green curry had a good amount of heat to it. I didn't read about the okra but after taking them out , I gulped the food down so quickly. The short rib chiang mai noodle The flavor profile wasn't as epic as the other food we had and did taste like we could've easily made it at home. The meat, however , was tender and we wish there would've been more than 4 slivers in there. Some of the noodles had clumped up and just didn't look appetizing. The Thai tea tasted like a snowball which was perfect for the hot day. Not too creamy. Over all, I'd def come back.Absolutely loved the food here. There's nothing negative to say about the food at all, and I can see why they have an active take out situation going on. 
The drinks were inventive, which I also appreciated - but overall I'd be back for some of the unique food items. I had a drink with lemon grass that was delicious, and after that I switched to white wine to match the food. We had the Roti, Bok Choy, Clams, Louisiana Crab Fried Rice, and Seafood Green Curry - and I would order all of those things again in a heart beat. In fact, next time, I might order only the bok choy and clabs as a meal; they were just so delicious! The seasoning and heat level was perfect on every dish, and the combination of fresh seafood on the fried rice was the most unique item we had for the night. 
The atmosphere is nice, but definitely busy. There were quite a few tables that looked to be celebrating, so this must be a known birthday / large group spot. The noise level was loud, but not severely intense. That said, you can hear everyone's conversation around you. If you're looking for a vibrant atmosphere with friends, this is the place. If you're wanting a quiet date night - try somewhere else if you're going to want to have intimate conversations. 
The service, while friendly and mostly attentive, was stretched too thin which impacted the star rating. We were there for almost 2 hours for apps and entrees, and a good bit of that was waiting for service (not waiting for food as they have runners). I feel the table could've been turned a lot faster (and I would've appreciated not being there so long waiting). There didn't seem to be enough wait staff on the floor that night with those larger tables, but he tried hard. Another issue for me was our table. The table was so tiny we had issue fitting our food and drinks, and while no one ever lit the candle on our table - no one took it away to help us make room. I originally thought it would be a nice cozy spot for our date night. Turns out, everyone was at our date night. Because we were next to the takeout area (literally by inches - social distancing nonexistent) we were bombarded by people moving next to us all night. There were customers, delivery drivers, and staff next to our table chatting, looking for orders, dropping food, picking up food, etc. etc. etc. I feel like this could be handled differently by the hostess or the bar to not allow people to congregate in that area instead of by the door because it definitely detracted from our experience.Great surprise.  There has not been a really great Thai restaurant in New Orleans, but there is now.  Really authentic with the high level of service you can only get in top tier New Orleans restaurants.  The bartender, Dickie, served me.  He is a real pro.  John Melnyck is overseeing things, which is always an excellent sign.  John has kept some of New Orleans' best restaurants buttoned down.  
I highly recommend Cho Thai.Had a great, great experience here! Our waiter had excellent wine and appetizer recommendations. Went for happy hour for 1/2 wine and apps--the value is BEYOND compare. Roti melts in your mouth, shrimp
Dumplings are savory and refreshing, bok choy is the perfect balance for your meal. Ambiance is clean, bright, modern, and beautifully lit by crystal chandeliers. I'll definitely be back!Way too much fish sauce in everything. The bar menu is also pretty weak. The Thai margarita was a big mistake. I didn't hate it, but I have no reason to ever go backCho Thai is the real deal!!! I've lived in South East Asia and have had my share of authentic Thai food and Cho Thai does not disappoint. The flavors and smells of the food made me feel as if I were back in Thailand. They have not dulled down the spice level here so when you see that chili symbol on the menu, take it serious! Service is attentive and the staff are knowledgeable about the food they are serving and even recommend we try their other location which I didn't know existed. I could live off of their Tom Kai soup alone.
This was my 1st dine in experience but they also do a fast pickup service as well.We had an amazing lunch feast here for our anniversary last week. I'm still thinking about the food! Everything was incredible. The shrimp dumplings were perfection. The crab claws and fried oysters were my personal faves because the sauce! The sauce was so good and perfectly balanced, I want it on everything I eat. We also enjoyed the roti with red curry, perfection again. And we shared the green curry, fantastic and spicy. Finished lunch with the Thai Tea crepe cake, it was delicious and not too sweet- the perfect finish for our meal. Their cocktail list was impressive and all sounded great but we decided on the Thai Basil Smash and it was tasty, very fresh and light and complemented our meal well. If you're a basil fan you have to get it. Took some Thai Teas to-go and that was a very good decision. I can't say enough good things about this place. Our server was great! He was so attentive and fun to chat with, I wish I remembered his name! He really made us feel so welcome and knew the menu well. We'll definitely be back! This is our new favorite Thai place in the city (and we eat A LOT of Thai food!).Have been trying to order this place for a couple weeks now but keep missing them bc of limited hours. Glad we finally got to try it tonight! Classic Thai favorites, but more refined. The crab fried rice was a hit with adults and kids, and the curry noodles with short rib were divine. We also enjoyed the roti. The soft shell crab green curry was packaged well to withstand travel (crab in a separate box), but I imagine this dish is the type that's better eaten fresh out of the kitchen as with most fried food. We ordered the mango sticky rice which got left behind accidentally but looking forward to trying that next time. Overall great and will order again.this is probably one of the best new restaurants on magazine street. the food was so flavorful, cooked well. i ordered 3 appetizers, one entree, and two drinks and was very satisfied by all of them. great happy hour, cocktails were only $5. the staff was friendly and attentive and i will 100% be returningI have been wanting to try this place out for a while and when a friend suggested it for a girls brunch i enthusiastically agreed. We booked for four people initially outside for a Saturday. It wasn't that busy at all. It was a bit windy so we headed indoors. The waiter was so lovely and took us through their signature dishes. While the menu does have a lot to desire .. we only ordered 2 appetizers and an entree each.  For appetizers we had the couch clams and the grilled calamari. The spicy clams were nice and spicy ! Just the way I like it and the grilled calamari was good too. Cilantro for days! Just love that they are quite generous with their cilantro. The spicy clams sauce is so good! We ordered extra roti just for the sauce. 
On to the entree..... I decided to be healthy and selected the lamb salad ( Laab) It's ground lamb with lettuce. So the idea is you wrap the ground lamb in the lettuce and boom ... healthy lunch. You gotta go healthy if you wanna binge on dessert. The calories basically cancel each other out. The lamb salad is spicy. Very very very spicy. I can handle the heat , but if you're not a fan of spice... stay clear. 
Dessert we shared the grilled roti with Nutella and fresh strawberries. Absolutely delicious. We also had the coconut ice cream. Each Serving comes with 2 scoops. So we just asked them to split the scoops. 
I tried the non-alcoholic punch - which was quite delicious. My friends had some cocktail with lychee - it did look quite good. 
The service was excellent and the place was super clean. 
The only "negative" I could say is that the menus are paper and they throw them out after each use. I do think it's wasteful and not good for the environment. Maybe look into QR code menus.Order the Pork and Mushroom Egg rolls, very tasty. Would have like more sauce for dipping. Papaya salad was excellent, too much dressing, not enough spice, more sweet. Over all the 2 items I had were excellent...Yummy drinks and tasty food. A great place to pop-in for a bite and a drink while you're walking magazine st.Got delivery tonight: grilled shrimp pad Thai and crawfish fried rice. The pad Thai had pretty good flavor, not overly sweet and actually came with a lot of shrimp (though only 3 were the nice big grilled shrimp, the rest were small and soft-maybe frozen then sautéed or boiled). The crab fried rice had a touch of fishy flavor and wasn't my favorite-not really anything with texture in it so probably wouldn't order that particular dish again. Both dishes were also quite pricy: $20 and $22-definitely not worth that much. Overall pretty good, but still on the search for great Thai in the New Orleans area.WOW!! Absolutely Delicious! the ambiance inside was great! Service was great for opening night and COVID stuff. The cocktail menu looked very inticing and we each had the drunk on lemongrass cocktail which was delicious. The Tom yum soup was perfect.  Little different than he does at banana blossom and really good as usual. A small plate of fried chicken was very tasty. My wife had the drunken noodles, which were delicious, but spicier than he makes them at BB. I had the green curry soft shell crab which was perfect.  we will definitely be coming back! Great job Jimmy!I've been curious to try Chi Thai for over a week now waiting for the hubbins to be in the mood for Thai. Today I took matters into my own hands. While he was on a work called I waved, smiled, and going to get food. Out the door and over to Magazine St. I zoomed. It was meant to be I found a spot directly across the street from the restaurant. I ordered online and the menu is easily followed. It was ready for pick up when I arrived. There is a bit of outside seating. Inside is bright and zen like. Clearly the seating was set up for social distancing. This could easily be a busy, full location in the before times. I ordered the pork belly ramen with bok choy. The bok choy, ramen, chili sauce all blended perfectly. The pork belly could have been a bit more crisp. Maybe some pan searing. It wad drier than expected but still added to the flavors. I ordered the lettuce wrap tacos for the hubbins hoping to ease him into the experience. He dived in and said, "mm, better than *******)." Really!?! Because that's your favorite. "Really." Well, Yelp there you have it! I'm so excited to try some of the other mouth watering options on the menu. It was worth the drive. I'm going back to try the crab fried rice among others. Give this place a try. The chef has an awesome story and a creative spin to Thai.Went for my birthday with my husband recently. The host was very nice when we walked in asking us our table preference due to social distancing. Loved that! Our waiter was very friendly and had great suggestions. I could the drink "Drunk on Lemongrass" cocktail everyday. Tried a few dishes from the Night Market menu as appetizers. The shrimp dumplings stood out. A flavor explosion. I closed my eyes and felt like I was back in Thailand. The calamari was good, and the clams with BBQ and roti were as well. I also tried to tom yum shrimp soup which is a favorite of mine and I usually order when it's available. This version had more mushrooms than I am used to but I love mushrooms so this was perfect for me! Loved everything overall. Will definitely be back! Thanks for the great service, good time, and delicious food.Had an amazing lunch. Crispy chicken drunken noodles, shrimp Tom Kha and pork rolls. Robert was an awesome server, very helpful and on point.We were approached by a male and female, without any type of greeting we were immediately asked if we had a reservation, both of the greeters/servers came across very rude, we immediately turned around and walked away.  We did not feel welcomed at this establishment. July 31 @ approximately 6:20pmFood was amazing!  Great portion sizes and tasty cocktails! This place is defiantly a must!Take out is always tricky. The experience is never really the same as dine in. 
My order of pad Thai was large but packed into a tiny container made for a sticky solid mass of noodles. 
I added veggies. Their version of veggies was okra and eggplant which was a welcome surprise expect that I struggled to find it.  98% mass ball of noodles. The grilled shrimp was different but had an unpleasant chemical taste. Likely not the local gulf shrimp I'm used to.  I ended up throwing them away.  I requested spicy and it was indeed spicy. Surprisingly spicy and I didn't order Thai hot, so caution on that. 
The ka pao gai (basil ground chicken) was too salty for my liking and the fried egg on top was cooked hard (yolk broken/cooked).  
First impression not great.Beautiful interior decor with gorgeous chandeliers. The lemon drop champagne is good. Chicken fried rice and the bread is so light, flakey and delicious. Nice waiters. We sat outside because of Covid. Sat on the sidewalk on busy Magazine Street, good to see people out and enjoying themselves.The food was absolutely delicious! The roti is an amazing addition to any dish. This is a great place for friends to dine and enjoy.I love Thai food and right now the Cho Thai  restaurant is number one.  I have been here a couple times now. My favorites are the Crab Claws w/ Roti, Cho Fried Chicken, Drunken Noodles, Crab Fried Rice, and the condensed milk French Toast. All good, all the time. If you like Thai food and have not been yet, go ASAP!Second time here.  It just gets better.  Amber is the best server and the food is amazing.I LOVE this place! I literally order once a week. The roti is awesome. Same with the red curry, crab claws, the Tom Kha, and the Ka Pao Gai is my absolute favorite! Their mango sticky rice is my guilty pleasure. And the do not try & serve it to you with unripe mangos!!12/10 dining experience!! Drinks, appetizers and entrees were incredible and our waiter was excellent! We had the crab claws and shrimp tom yom to start and both were wonderful. Then we had the crab fried rice and the Ko Pai gai. Will definitely return! Thanks to our waiter for the wonderful suggestionsThis is my new favorite thai restaurant! Ate here with my cousin and we shared the cho thai sampler, spicy crab claws, spicy clams, shrimp dumplings, and the drunken noodles. I can't even pick a favorite dish because everything was amazing and so good. It's been about a month and I'm still thinking about the delicious food. Will need to go back asap!One of the best Thai spots in NOLA!
You will immediately notice the beautiful and chic decor. I loved the large chandeliers and tall tables.
Appetizer:
We ordered the crab claws to begin. It was absolutely delicious. They give you bread to dip in the claw marinade and it was simply heavenly! Highly recommend!
Entree:
I had the grilled shrimp pad Thai, excellent decision and came strongly recommended by our server. They didn't steer me wrong AND I was pleasantly surprised at the portion size of the dish. I ended up eating half and taking half home for dinner. Talk about good problems!
All in all Cho Thai was a wonderful experience. Great food, fabulous ambiance and great service! I'll be back!I was in NOLA for the first time ever on Halloweekend. After my flight being delayed 5 times, I arrived starving and exhausted. Cho Thai was the very first place I went out to dine, and honestly my fatigue evaporated by the time I was done eating here. The food, drinks, and ambiance were incredible, but somehow the service was even better. Our waiter was sooo sweet, kind, and attentive! I literally wanted him to clock out and join us for our meal haha. I highly, highly recommend the calamari- it was SO GOOD. I also had this non-alcoholic rum punch, I don't remember what exactly it was called but oh my gosh it was incredible. Thank you Cho Thai for setting my trip on the right foot! I will definitely be backAtmosphere- very clean and modern. I love the decor, amazing bar. As far as COVID goes, staff did not wear masks. Unknown of vaccine status as I did not see anything posted. Our waitress was attentive and kind. 
Food - I love Thai food and this place did not disappoint. The short rib curry was amazing. The short rib melted and came with ramen noodles. The noodles were great with the dish. The scallop green curry was also amazing. Scallops were cooked perfectly but I wasn't a huge fan of this dish. I loved the taste of the green curry - just spicy enough and had a huge depth of flavor. What I didn't like was the okra. I dont love cooked or grilled okra. But the okra aside I would order again in a heart beat and just say minus the okra.
We went during lunch and the portions were quite filling!!
The Thai tea margarita was interesting. I am an avid margarita fan and everywhere I go - I order one! This was an interesting take. However, there was only a very subtle hint that I was actually drinking a margaritas. It was tasty, but I probably wouldn't order it again.
Overall - this place was amazing and the food was absolutely amazing. Makes a perfect date lunch/dinnerReally wanted to like this place. We need a good Thai restaurant in our neighborhood. But this was not good food. And it was very expensive for bad Thai food. The shrimp in the pad thai was horrible. Over cooked, no taste. The noodles were pretty good but the shrimp ruined the dish. And the drunken noodles were bad.  Was very hopeful about this restaurant but ultimately very disappointed.Thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. Great company with better food loved the atmosphere and all the chandeliers. It's a bit pricier than banana blossom but what do you expect it's on magezine! Overall, I didn't think prices were outrageous for quality of food. We got crab claws, bock choy snd shrimp dumplings to start. I'd recommend them all. 
The lamb special- a bit too rich. Def the least favorite.
Chicken larb- light and tasty! I was super pleased with this dish.
The sampler- oh baby we loved this one getting to taste it all
Crab rice- a crowd pleaserFlavors were only ok and pricing is aggressive.  I had the Roti, Tamarind Pork Belly, and Drunken Noodle dishes.  I thought the Pork Belly would have more flavor, the portion was small, and it didn't come with scallions as listed on the menu.  Our Drunken Noodle dish was globbed together as I guess there was not enough sauce, and it was a smaller portion than I would expect for the price.  The pricing on everything was a bit much, especially the Drunken Noodle dish for $18 and there was nothing special about it.  I would go back if the prices were more reasonable.Great food, good service. What else can i say. This is our first time for Thai food and we loved it! Will definitely come back! Lot more to try!I want to give this place more stars but I can't because of the lackluster service. 
The food is great. I got the roti to start and it's made to perfection. The right amount of crispiness and the right amount of butter on it. 
I got the pad Thai and drunken noodles on two separate occasions. The drunken noodles is what I recommend. It's probably one of the best Thai food in town. There's a bit of kick to it so if you can't handle spice;l, then make sure to ask for it mild. I got the shrimp and was surprised to see it come with whole shrimps too lol
The pad Thai was a bit dry and not any different from any other Thai places in town. 
The time to get your food though. I went twice and both times it took more than thirty - forty minutes for food to come out. I understand that staff is short all throughout, but still not a good look. 
Parking is also really difficult - you will have to find street parking and it's a busy street!While driving down Magazine Street, my husband and I were looking for something different for dinner. We decided to go to Cho Thai. We had a wonderful experience. We ordered the papaya salad and the Yom Tom soup. I ordered the mild version of the salad. The soup was spicy. For the entree we ordered the whole red snapper for 2. The snapper was unusual, beautiful and quite delicious. We can't wait to go back and order the snapper again.Very good Thai food. I could make a meal out of the shrimp dumplings! 
https://blainerestaurantreport.wordpress.com/2021/06/26/cho-thai-new-orleans-la-report-388/Great service and great food. Very modern and cool atmosphere. The drinks were fun and delicious. My favorite was the short rib chiang Mai noodles. They came in a yellow curry broth with red onions and crispy shallots and crispy noodles on top.The cho's fried chicken was the perfect crispy combination of sweet and spicy and the chicken was not dry at all. Overall a tasty experience !!I was surprised by this restaurant since I live in a super small rural town in Alabama. The restaurant is a great vibe from the inside to the outside. I really don't know what to say about the meal I ordered which was the short rib Chiang Mai noodles. I honestly have nothing to compare the taste to. It had a pleasant taste and the aroma was nice. Now let's talk about these crab claws, they were by far the best I have ever tasted in my 44years of living. If you want to try something different please visit this placeNew open up, food is really good and it reasonable price, our waiter is super nice. Restaurant is luxurious decoratedI've wanted to try this place since it's opening and did so this past weekend. My husband and I ordered Shrimp Tom Yum, Short Rib Chiang Mai Noodle, and Drunken Noodle, and while the ingredients were fresh and quality, the flavors did not work for us. Honestly, the food seems more BBQ-y than Thai! Also, the prices are way too high for what you get! I will say that I appreciated the spice level of the Drunken Noodle.I've been to Cho Thai at least 10 times this year and I'll be back next week. The food is impeccable. From beginning to end, the menu does not disappoint. Every time my friends and I come we dine family-style, it's just the way to go. We usually start off with the Shrimp Dumplings, Fried Calamari, the Roti, and a Papaya Salad to share. And somehow, even along with Lychee Martinis and consuming our weight in shots of sake, we share pasta. My favorite has to be the Drunken Noodles. Flavorful and spicy, just like I like it. Service is always excellent, I usually visit around happy hour, so I always get served with the same person, Dickie, the bartender. He's great. Lastly, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT leave without trying the Thai Tea Crepe Cake. Words cannot describe how amazing it is! It's so good I just might order it first when I return. This place is a 10/10.Highly recommended! I always preferred hole in the wall Thai restaurants for authenticity but decided to give Cho Thai a shot. We had a fantastic meal! First, service was 100% very friendly servers. COVID precautions were observed, seating and ambience on the inside is so well kept and lit. Beautiful loved the atmosphere. Food! Wow! Blown away by how good our meal was, truly spicy as WE ASKED for Thai spicy. Great huge portions! We had to take home the drunken noodles, which was really delicious! We are definitely going to be repeat customers for Cho ThaiTried the shrimp dumplings, crab claws, and roti with red curry. As another reviewer noted, the flavors are more BBQ/smoke-flavored, less Thai. Did not enjoy.
Would like to try some of the cocktails, but would likely skip the food next time.This place is fantastic! They could honestly double the price of each dish and it would still be absolutely worth it. Cho Thai is a serious contender for the best Thai food in the GNO.
I also appreciated that all of the staff was wearing masks, and that they offered a no-touch payment option. We'll definitely be ordering again.I have tried Cho Thai twice and have been underwhelmed by the food both times. Not bad but nothing special and they are a little more expensive than other better Thai places in the area. The restaurant itself is nice and well done. I would have given it a higher rating but the service both times was poor, especially my last time when ordering pickup. I arrived at least 15 minutes after they said it would be ready and it was not. The hostess said it was almost ready and she would bring it to me outside. 20 minutes later I went in to ask and she said she'd check and went in the back and did not come out again. After 15 minutes I was able to grab someone who seemed to be a manager. He went to check and about 20 minutes later I got my food. He apologized and offered me a beer but I was furious and ready to go so did not accept. He was polite and I was polite but will not be giving them another chance. Hopefully things are running smoother now and they do well. So 3.5 for food, 4 for atmosphere, 2.5 for service.I came here with a friend. And I had never heard of it. Well let me tell you that I was surprised and will come again to checkout more of their plates. 
Their tamarind pork belly is amazing and the Ka Pao Gai was also very delicious and had a spicy sauce that had a nice kick to it, like it should. We also had some wine and drink that was great. 
The service was amazing and the space during Covid was also great. 
We were the last ones at the restaurant and I never felt pressured to leave. This place looks great full of aesthetics and a nice ambiance for a date. 
I will come back to checkout the other plates.Absolutely obsessed with this place. When you walk in, it's super trendy and clean. The staff was crazy friendly. I did try the margarita but it was way too spicy for me. Gave me heartburn after the first sip lol 
We got the dumplings which were great and the crab claws were amazing!!! I got the pork belly which was heavy but tasted wonderful! I also tried the green curry and it was amazing!! We got a Nutella dessert which was so great. I would come back in a heart beat!Four stars for now. Could definitely be a contender for five when done-in starts (allegedly next week / July 15, 2020. The Pork Roll was really good. The Tamarind Pork was also good. The Drunken Noodles were awesome (but fair warning - they are definitely spicy). The Shrimp Pad Thao was good, but will probably be better when dining in the restaurant. The noodles stuck together in the time took to drive home.Amazing place on Magazine! Food was very good & spicy. Definitely get the crab claws & shrimp dumplings! Can't wait to come back!Back at Cho again.
The food is still fantastic and the drinks... I think Cho is my new favorite cocktail spot! The bartenders are so cool and creative! 
Had the Louisiana crab fried rice this time and omg omg. Plenty of crab and crab taste!I ordered Tom Kha for starter , Tom Kha is like Tom Yum but with coconut soup instead of basil. I love Thai food and i prefer thicker soup like they made in Thailand. I had Crab Fried rice for main and i love both the soup and the rice. Service is pleasant. Im a happy girl , excellent place!Had high hopes but sadly just not very good. I think I paid about $20 altogether for a puny little container of drunken noodle. Flavorless and dry. I paid for extra veggies which amounted to like two pieces of broccoli. Brisk unwelcoming staff who apparently seem to think they are working in a posh restaurant .. sorry not with those tacky chandeliers.  I'm sure their rent isn't cheap, but they are clearly too focused on dine in customers. Prob best not to alienate takeout customers in the middle of a pandemic, just sayin. How is it that places like this get prime space on magazine street while the truly authentic Thai places like budsis and long chim are limited to tiny operations? I think it's that mag street between Washington and Louisiana will always be a culinary wasteland that caters only to tourists. New Orleans restaurants just need to get over themselves. On the whole, the food is about 50% more expensive than NYC and the quality 50% worse. And the servers are petulant and unprofessional.The chandeliers are gorgeous but that was probably my favorite part about the restaurant. The place is presented as upscale and I don't think it met the mark. I didn't like that there were no vegetarian or vegan options on the menu and honestly, the menu was limited in general. I didn't order drinks, so I can't comment on that. 
My friend got the Grilled Shrimp Pad Thai and I got the same but specifically ordered without the shrimp. The pad thai portion was very good; the taste was good but not amazing. My friend didn't say anything particular about his dish either. 
If you worry about spice level, they put the pepper on the side of the plate.It's fine. I ordered take out from here instead of my normal thai place. The prices were quite a bit higher for the same portions. We ordered the pad thai and green curry. The green curry was fine however it did taste much sweeter than I was used to. The only reason I gave three stars instead of four is because of the pad thai. For the pad thai I was given a container of spices to add myself. Which I guess makes sense? They didn't ask for spice level for take out so I guess they assume you'll figure it out. The only issue is I don't make thai food and have no clue the ratios of spice to food. So it's quite a gamble to risk an already expensive dish? I'd rather they just ask the spice level instead of leaving it up to the customer to finish making their own food.An absolute must! The best food and service we have had on  Magazine Street- and we live down the road. This place is great as Asian style - sharing dishes. I can't even tell you which dish we liked best because they were all so yummy. Chiang Mai short rib Noodle, shrimp dumplings, cho chicken, crab fried rice were exceptional. Chef Aey is from Thailand, moved from New York and is making such unique dishes. Robert was our waiter and knew about every dish, the ingredients and how it was cooked. He offered on point recommendations. Oh- and there was indoor and outdoor seating. Happy hour is every day! Where did this place come from? Will definitely be coming back.Why haven't you eaten here yet? If you're reading this review because you're looking for a new place to try in the area you need to come here immediately! Get the fried oyster and roti appetizer. Everything else on the menu is fresh and amazing. Awesome service too!Excelent food and service.  Mixology was fabulous! We're in town for a couple of days  and happen upon this wonderful restaurant.  If you like Thai you shouldn't miss this jewel in the Garden District!Really delicious from appetisers to mains. Excellent cocktails, too (try the mango chili margarita if you like spice). Excellent drunken noodles and pad Thai. Crab fried rice is good to share, with plenty of crab. Will definitely return.Little late in writing this review.... I ordered delivery in October because it was late, I was starving but was too tired to cook. I ordered the Roti, shrimp dumplings and mango sticky rice. It is rare that I develop an emotional connection with food after just one bite. I am even at a loss for words to explain the gastric phenomena that occurred. Suffice it to say, the shrimp dumplings were quite simply the best I have ever had! There was a delicate balance between flavors that leave me speechless. The roti that was delivered was also perfectly cooked and still warm and flaky. The combination of the two was superb. 
When my son came home I raved about it so much that I ordered more food the following night, just so he could taste it also. We ordered more shrimp dumplings, more roti, Tamarind pork, fried chicken and sticky rice. Each dish was just as delightful. No "run-of-the-mill" dishes found here. 
I also ordered Thai Tea, which is my new favorite drink, and the second night, I picked up the food in person. The inside of the restaurant is beautiful, colorful and spacious. The staff was very friendly and I appreciated the fact that they waited until I had arrived before putting ice in my tea, to prevent it from becoming watery. The little things mean so much! Next time, I will dine-in so I can have the full experience. 
If you haven't already tried this place, I highly recommend you don't pass on this. Very worth it!Great break from Cajun food.  Cho does it right from the beginning.  The chandelier brick filled room has great ambiance.  Bring your date here!  Everything we ordered was outstanding.  My wife is Asian and gave the thumbs up on authentic Thai taste.  We will come back for sure.  Great service too.If I'm ever in need of a flavor-fix, Cho Thai is where I'll be. I came here last week and am always glad to order some "Thai basics" and try some new dishes. Of course you can never go wrong with the Shrimp Pad Thai: always order one for the table. The Mushroom Tom Kha warms my soul. Also, the Pad Kee Mao was something I typically would not order but was recommended by the waitress and it did not disappoint.I am probably one of few that wasn't super happy with Cho Thai. I was super excited when I heard Banana Blossom owner, Jimmy, was coming together with John Besh. A match made in heaven, right? Sadly, no. 
I thought it would be elevated banana blossom cuisine. But it's banana blossom food that is more expensive and not better executed. Plating was thrown together. And the flavors were lacking. The Thai flavors I'm used to were watered down which was disappointing. 
Drunken noodles had a lot of green peppercorn which added an unneeded element to the dish. The roti was not as flaky and buttery as the one at banana blossom. My Thai tea was almost white in color & had no taste of tea. My dude said cocktails were just okay. 
Overall, since I stay in the West Bank, I wouldn't venture back out to Cho Thai since Banana Blossom is closer, cheaper, and better.The cocktails were delicious! We got the pork belly, roti, calamari, pork rolls and Chiangmai noodles.
I prefer thick noodles so the Chiangmai dish wasn't my favorite. Everything else was yum!Interesting menu, attentive service staff, and exceptional food.  The grilled calamari was perfectly spiced. Great people watching on magazine street.2.5er...
My GF was excited to go here so I played along...
The service was good, but really eclectic..  For example.  The house-host was clearing our table.  Can't say I've ever seen that before.
Our waitress was friendly, though kind of recommended everything on the menu which was semi-odd.
So I had the hanger steak.  And it was very, very busy.  A lot going on.  Spices, sauces, cremes, over-salted fingerling potatoes.  It went down pretty good.  Then my GF and I came home to watch some TV and the dinner came back and hurt me real bad.  Felt like I was going to puke all night.  I had to drink ginger ale and take tums, still had unsettling experiences in the tummy throughout the nite..
My Ole Lady had the seafood green curry and it was less than overwhelming.  As a matter a fact; on the drive home (before I felt ill) she said to me, "yeah, I dont need to go back there"...  My feeling ill-experience verified the whole thing.
$130 bucks for mediocre good.
Shoulve been lights out.
Sorry charlie.Service is 3 stars (they only had two people serving the whole indoor area, needless to say, it took us 30 minutes to order food and then every time we wanted drinks)
Noise level is 3 stars (loud inside, you have to really yell to have a conversation)
Food is 5 stars (6 stars for the appetizers, they all were superb, 4 stars for the entrees - i loved mine but the others didn't love theirs)We stumbled on this place when walking thru Nola. They did ask for proof of vaccination, which is pointless in my opinion. The drinks were good, a little different with a twist of Thai flair. We got the pork rolls as an appetizer, very fresh, crunchy and delicious. We ordered the crab fried rice and Ka pow chicken. Both were great &very flavorful. It did smell a little fishy, seafood-y in the restaurant, and it was not a smell I got used to after being in there.Had dinner with a couple of friends here last week. We got a few appetizers: the sampler, the pork rolls and shrimp dumplings. All so good. The pork rolls were so crispy and flavorful. I really loved the pork belly on the sampler platter as well. I got the Ka Pao Gai as my entrée and it was so good. It was the right amount of spicy for me. We ate a ton of food and didn't feel heavy afterwards. Watch out for that Bird's Eye View drink! It is spicy!
I already can't wait to go back or to order takeout from here.Came in to meet with a group of friends to try this place out since we've all never been here before. During the midst of Covid, every table was nicely spaced out which allowed us to have our party of 6 to enjoy dinner. We order various items on the menu from appetizers such as the clams, crab claws, tamarind pork belly to various signature dishes like the drunken noodles, green curry, pad thai and fried rice. I can say we thoroughly enjoyed each dish as we shared to have a taste of what Cho Thai had to offer. We left feeling nicely full as we also had many drinks throughout the night which the restaurant is also equipped with a nice bar. I can say a favorite of mines is the clams which is enough for me to come back for more!Had an excellent meal at Cho Thai the other night with our friends. Cho Thai opened its door during pandemic but I was so thrilled to see the restaurant a complete full house when We visited. The place is gorgeous and menu is short and sweet. It is one sheet menu - one side for food and one side for beverages so it will not overwhelm you. 
One thing I want to throw out there as a warning - unlike other Thai restaurants, they don't ask for the spicy level. I am so used to servers asking spicy level (1-5) but we were not asked on our visit. Luckily I usually ask for 4-5 spicy level so I enjoyed all the dishes but man... be careful with Papaya Salad. My mouth was on fire that I had to eat plain rice just to counteract the lava /dragon breath action going on in my mouth!!!
Don't forget to order some cocktails as they were F A N T A S T I C!!!Pulled up on a lovely November afternoon for their happy hour, which typically runs from 4-6pm. Beautiful, well-decorated interior; seats well spaced out. Nice ambience with luminous chandeliers and a full bar.
The happy hour menu offers a diverse selection of food items to choose from, ranging from lighter fare like papaya salad and chicken laab to heavier, heartier fare such as tamarind pork belly and Cho's fried chicken.  The papaya salad was enjoyable and refreshing, the chicken laab much less so. The cracklins in the chicken laab were lacking the crispness, the crunchiness, for which I look. The flavors, too salty for my taste. Similarly, while the tamarind pork belly was tender and tasty, my personal taste is that it was slightly too sweet and needed more kick but I know some may feel otherwise. The real star of the show, though, was the Cho's fried chicken. Wonderfully crispy, flavorful, spicy. The trifecta of my dreams.
The drinks were also no slouch. The lychee martini was delicious. Singha beer was Singha beer.
Friendly service, solid prices during happy hour. Free street parking on side streets. What more can you ask for.Cannot say enough good things about this place! Every time we've come has been a wonderful experience. You HAVE to end your meal with the Thai tea ice cream + Nutella roti. Amazing!!!We've ordered takeout here a few times during the pandemic to support the new place. We are huge banana blossom fans and are elated that this location offers the same amazing flavor but now on the east bank! On whole, this place is awesome and we can't wait to see what they do once the restaurant scene reopens. There is room for improvement but it's hard to judge based on takeout? As other reviewers have noted, it seems priced too high for this market. The details: The pork rolls are phenomenal and fresh but they sometimes forget the sauce, which sucks for an $80 to go order. The pad Thai is incredible as is the beef, and I also love the drunken noodles. I do not recommend the soft shell crab in curry-- i love curry but this it was much too heavy and had very few vegetables. On balance the menu has great promise but the prices are just more than we are willing to pay for takeout-- it's pretty expensive by New Orleans standards. With prices like these we will probably be reserving it  for when we can dine in, which... may be awhile yet.I came here alone for happy hour on a Wednesday evening. It was pretty quiet with a few other customers. I enjoyed the decor while sipping on a delicious lychee martini. The first dish to come out was the roti. It was good but nothing too special about it. The grilled pork nam tok was cooked perfectly however the dish was VERY salty (too much fish sauce?). I had ordered sticky rice but they were out. This might have offset how salty it was. The fresh greens helped with the saltiness but I was still chugging water. There was a kick to the dish as well which I very much liked. Lastly, the fried chicken was cooked perfectly. It was crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The dipping sauce was also too salty and I preferred the chicken on its own. Overall I thought the quality was still good. They just need to go easy on the salt next time.So, so good!!! I've been to Thailand, and this food is  pretty spot-on.  The Chiang Mai noodle definitely brought back memories of eating Khoa Soi at the Chiang Mai Sunday night market.  The cocktails are eh - we did like the Thai tea margarita and diplomat though.Hands down my top Thai restaurant in NOLA! Pad Thai was perfect- nice size portion, savory (most places make it too sweet so it's like a dessert) and the shrimp/tofu were delish and perfectly seasoned. My husband got the crab fried rice- so full of flavor and delish. The roti with red curry was the perfect app. We will definitely be back and spread the word.Tried this place today with my hubby and Mom. The actual restaurant was very nice, clean, and had an upscale vibe. The food was very good but I've had better Thai food. The pad Thai noodles were a little soggy. The Chang mai noodles were good but curry isn't really my thing but it was good. The fried chicken was good too but not what i thought. I was expecting wings but it was more of just fried chicken pieces but it was yummy. Thai tea was delicious. I would recommend it as a date night place due to the nice ambience. Again it wasn't the best Thai food I've ever had but it was good. The reason I'm only giving 4 stars is the waiter was very slow and there was no one there. He was very nice and pleasant but just really slow and kept disappearing, didn't really check on us. I would go back tho.Foubd this gem on Magazine. How did we not see thIs before? Ordered Drunken Noodles and the Short Rib Noodle dish w Yellow Curry Sauce, both were phenomenal. Def will come back