There's a reason this place gets rave reviews. I'm hooked.
The first thing I noticed upon entering was the high energy atmosphere. These guys wanted to make me some food! It was my first time in so I didn't have a clue what to order. When I told him it was my first time he pointed me to the specials going on. "The Broadway," he said. "It's our most popular sandwich."
"I'll take it." I replied.
It was fantastic. I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu.Awesome food and great service! Everything I've had here has been outstanding. I especially love the chicken toscani sandwich and their bagels.This place is simple but fantastic. These bagels are true New York bagels which is amazing to find in New Orleans. The lox also tasted very fresh, best I've had in New Orleans. The portion sizes are very generous and the prices are good. The Cibo salad is my favorite salad in the city! Very friendly staff too.Consistently delicious, every time I stop here. They set a very high bar for deli sandwiches. Great outdoor seating in front.Cibo now has authentic New york Bagels, cut in half, toasted correctly the New York way. None of this stale garbage everyone else in New Orleans is pushing compares. hyped to be able to get breakfeast there.CIBO has excellent Italian sandwiches served up by a friendly staff.  I've been back several times now trying the Chicken Toscani, Chicken Fagioli, and the spaghetti and meatballs. All were extremely solid, and you get a lot of sandwich for your money. You won't leave hungry! It's also a joy to eat in, the deli has a great New York style decor and any time you go in you'll hear old Brooklyn jazz standards playing over the radio.  There is definitely something to be said for chowing down on spaghetti and meatballs while listening to Frank Sinatra.as a native new yorker I can confirm for you that cibo has the best new york sandwiches in new orleans. I get sandwiches or pasta here at least once a week. all of the spaghetti dishes, the chicken parm, and the tribeca are bangin. The sauce cheese and everything are all perfectly blended. the side salads are also crispy and tasty. if you dont like the food at cibo I have no hope for you.Cibo has become my go to for bagels and sandwiches. Their bagel with cream cheese and prociutto is so incredible and a great deal. If they're out of bagels for the day they will always offer to pop one in the oven if I'm willing to wait. The sandwiches are huge and so tasty, and the pasta salad that comes with them is also delicious.  Amazing, friendly service and they are always trying to improve and get customer feedback. Can't say enough great things about this place.Only great things to say about these guys! Meatballs were fantastic. Bread is crisp on the outside and soft on the inside just the way my Italian grandfather loved it. Excited they are starting dinner service soon!This review is based on the sandwich I got for take-out and my god was it delicious. 
I played it safe for my first visit and got the chicken parm sub. It reminded me so much of home (New York) and the delicious subs I get at the Italian restaurants near my house. Cibo has it down to a science. The subs are gigantic and although a bit expensive, it is totally worth the $12 for a filling meal. 
I have been told to try their other sandwiches and surprisingly, their bagels. I will definitely return to try some more options. As I write this, my girlfriend is getting a sandwich for herself right now - jealous!Was in town. Stopped in here for a muffaletta due to reviews. The owner Darren was incredible. He mentioned they were doing dinner. However, he stated I got something better. He ended up making me and a friend personal sandwiches resembling the muffaletta.  He talked about New York where he is from. The sandwich was FANTASTIC!! You want some great Italian. Stop here.Come for the chicken parm, stay so you can eyeball some fine NY men. Keep up the good work Cibo.A small clean restaurant with nice ambience and amazing fresh food. Centrally located to Tulane and mice outdoor patio.Sandwiches are amazing! Get the Sicilian! The sandwiches are crunchy and a perfect mix of everything. The atmosphere is amazing and it really looks like a slice of Italy. Defiantly a place away from New Orleans.The food here was good, and I will go back to try something else. My only frustration was the ordering process- I Calle sky order in and asked for the "hot, pressed combo" and got the cold Italian combo. I think the person taking the orders was new. My fiancé and I got the Italian Combo and the Chicken Toscani and cannoli. The food was yummy and people seemed to be working hard.One of the best places to eat in the Riverbend. Authentic New York deli. It's clear they care. Awesomei was born & raised in NY. these are the best real NY bagels in New Orleans. which makes sense cuz CIBO gets them sent in from NY. i woulda taken a picture but i ate the bagel too quickly. 
awesome italian deli with great sandwiches & pasta dishes. i even love the little cup of pasta salad that comes with each sandwich. owned & operated by a guy from NY, his food is the real deal.
apparently i miss NY. what can i say, NYers do some things really well. (see: Pizza Delicious) great job CIBO!Best bagel I've had since moving away from Brooklyn! I'd given up hope of finding one I'd like in Nola, and then I found these guys! I'll be back for breakfast tomorrow!Best Italian you can find Uptown and easily one of the best in the city! Great sandwiches and plates, this place is a daggum gem!Great local Italian straight from New York.  The spaghetti was great and I will be stopping by to get fresh canolli regularly.Love the food here!! Spaghetti & meatballs are my fav, bruschetta rocked. Staff and service are awesome. Very kid friendly. Excellent beer selection. Great place!!!You can trust the ratings.  In town for a wedding, wife wanted something warm on a very cold day.  The Chicken Parmesan and Tribeca hot plates were spot on wonderful.  The Chicken Parmesan sandwich was also a winner.This was easily the best meatball Sub I've ever had.  it was so good.Went in for the first time today. Wasn't sure where to eat and thought "why not" after reading the reviews. I got to say I wasn't disappointed. Friendly service, great atmosphere, and good food. Would strongly recommend for anyone looking for a casual dining experience or a nice place to study.Tried out CIBO today and let me just tell you it was magnificent... service quick and friendly and the menu was fairly priced.. I got the Sicilian and my girlfriend got the meatball parm.. both were sensational tons of flavor and all those adjectives people say on the food network.. I'm no fancy food expert but from a guy who just loves a good sandwich this place is as good as it gets for Italian. Also my girl got a bagel cause she really likes bread, that was outstanding as well.The portions are a bit small but the flavors are good.  They only have bottled drinks and I would be much happier if they offered fresh brewed iced tea.  They have a decent selection of sandwiches along with a few pasta entrees.  They also have a small deli with a selection of meats, cheeses, olives and other items.  You order at the counter then your order is brought to your table and since there are no drinks to refill you really don't get any service beyond that.  Overall a decent place to grab a sandwich or some pasta for a quick casual lunch.If I were on death row, Cibo would be my last meal. Seriously guys, this place is that good. I want to preface my review by saying how ecstatic I am about finally having an authentic Italian deli in the Carrollton hood. 
Let's just break it down. 
Sandwiches: I recommend the chicken toscani - holy sh*t. First of all, the bread is always fresh and perfectly toasted. Also, its got arugula, pesto, roasted red peppers, ooey gooey provolone, and of course marinaded chicken.. good stuff. The imports combo is another must try. The lighter sandwich options are scrumptious, if you fancy a figure-friendly dish. 
The Sides: Tricolored rotini? Whole wheat balsamic penne (which, they're always out of bc its f*cking delicious)? How could you go wrong..
The Staff: (two guys and a babe, from what I've seen) are always friendly and accommodating. DTMAMS (down to make a mean sandwich), ya heard? 
The Atmosphere: It's like you're dining in the eternal city itself. Charming indoor seating with old school red and white checker table cloths that make you feel right at home. The outside patio is perfect for those who want a side of people watching with their panino. 
Anyway, I like this place. Italian food in New Orleans? Hey! That's amore.Amazing breakfast on top of the best Italian food in the city. The meats, chicken parm, breads.....brings me back to growing up in NY. Yes folks, he's the real deal.This is my favorite Italian place in town now- the pasta is perfect every time, the meatballs cannot be beat! The cannolis are amazing!I was craving meatballs and found this new little gem on yelp.  The reviews were all positive and absolutely right!!!  We went for lunch today and it was seriously so delicious!  We had the chicken parm plate and meatballs and spaghetti.  The portions were generous and delicious.  The red sauce was exactly what I was looking for.  Each meal came with a side salad with that classic Italian oil vinaigrette.  I was in Northeast Italian heaven!!  Make sure you order the Italian bread, it's only $1 and comes out hot.  It was gone in 2 seconds between the sauce and dressing.  We will be back to try the sandwiches!Great Italian deli with yummy sandwiches and pasta salad. The bagels looked great but didn't get to have one. Easy to order at the counter with a small area for seating.Everything here is quality and I have never ordered something I didn't thoroughly enjoy. I regularly get the Sicilian which is on the lunch menu, but I went for dinner recently and got raviolis and chicken parm. The bottled beer is a small selection, but definitely a good amount of choices. The outdoor seating is a wonderful option and they have recently added more lighting so it's really nice. I would recommend and will be backThe guy who owns this place is the nicest man. This place has my favorite bagel on the planet. Fig cream cheese with prosciutto on whatever bagel you're in the mood for. This has single handed lay ruined every other bagel for me. The sandwiches are killer too. The chicken parmigiana and the chicken Modena are my favorites.As a native New Yorker, this place is a very welcome addition to the Nola food scene and stays true to the Italian delis I love from back home. Bagels are legit, especially when you get it with the fig and prosciutto cream cheese. It might take a little longer than average to get your sandwich but that's because they make everything with a lot of love and attention to details - trust me, it's worth the wait.Met Darren, the owner who grew up in New York learning how to cook from his Italian Grandmother. I'm glad he moved to New Orleans, Darren makes the best Chicken Caprese sandwich I've ever had. 
I love when people take pride in their craft. 
If you want a great Italian experience like grandma used to give, you will not be disappointed at CIBO.
Love the background music!I absolutely love this place. It's right on Carrollton near Oak, a very picturesque part of town. They have great sandwiches that come with a side of tri-colored pasta salad. I recommend the caprese with truffle oil. Lately, I've been getting the cheese and salami plate. The owner is from New York and gets his amazingly spicy salami from Astoria, New York. They have bagels as well that I have yet to try but will. They always have a house Sangiovese on tap for about $7. I like it. Often, I will sit outside and watch the street cars go by while I enjoy my meal. 
It actually is a great spot to work but it doesn't have WiFi so you have to have a personal hotspot.ok. So I've been to New York; and I've been to Italy several times. This is the real deal NY style Italian deli food. In my opinion ( and my wife's) much better food than found in Venice and Rome. Come check out these guys. The owner was real nice he even gave us free cannoli chips. A special desert he created. Great food not expensive.Tried CIBO on a whim this weekend and was pleasantly surprised.  It is a deli counter setup with a good selection of outside seating - so we were able to sit outside with the dog - which is always a plus.  I tried the roast pork sandwich which the fiance had a caprese.  I chose correctly.  The roast pork was a standout sandwich - tender pork with melted cheese and broccoli rabe on a hot roll.  Great flavor and a good portion of food.  My understanding is that this is a common specialty in Philly/Northeast - which is what the owners are aiming for.  I can't speak to authenticity but if taste is anything to go by they are nailing it.  My fiances caprese was also very good - but i was too wrapped up in the roast pork to get too excited for it.  Sandwiches come with a choice of 2 pasta salad sides or a salad - my only suggestion for improvement would be a larger selection of side options.I'm giving a 5 star review ONLY because every time I go to this place I get a Brooklyn sandwich and it's amazing. 
I just found out that they discontinued the Brooklyn sandwich. 
If management is reading this, please put the Brooklyn back on the menu. I will not be returning to eat here until you do.Great, authentic Italian in a warm atmosphere. Antipasto was awesome and the "TriBeCa" was delicious!Recently relocated to New Orleans, where within a few days I began to accept that I would probably get really fat living here if I didn't make better food choices. Thanks, po boys and beignets. Enter CIBO's amazing salad. Ingredients are fresh and crisp, the marinated chicken is superb, the fresh mozzarella creamy like butta... the roasted red peppers a perfect touch... you get my point. I live close by so it's great to have this healthy option. Staff is nice, too.Simple, no frills, incredibly delicious Italian food, and for a reasonable price. Best damn spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had. Portion is huge, comes with a salad and bread. The cannoli was delicious as well, and the take out orders actually come in sturdy aluminum trays.
I cannot recommend this place enough, you will not be disappointed.Had the chicken parm sandwich. Crazy amount of cheese, chicken was perfectly breaded, no fat remaining, lots of delicious sauce. The sandwich is big and filling enough for two meals (but I think they've since reduced the sandwich size). Will return for sure. 
They also have a small deli selection of imported Italian meats and cheeses, so if you have a capicola emergency or just want some high quality deli supplies, they can help you out.
Update: Second visit, had the Tribeca, which is starter salad, chick parm, some pasta, and red sauce with one meatball. Plenty filling and a great deal (maybe ask for extra sauce if you get it and like sauce). However, my partner got a meatball sandwich and I swear they reduced the size of the sandwiches! It look like he got barely four inch halves, when I recall two hefty six inchers of chick parm sammy.  Also noticed that they have more workers there now. Have to pick up your own plates when you dine in and this was not made clear by staff nor sign. 
We'll go back again.The owner was incredibly friendly and helpful. The imports sandwich (I had mine minus lettuce add basil) was solid. My boyfriend loved the chicken parm hot plate. Reasonably priced for the quality! Will definitely be returning as regularly as my pants will allowAs someone who is not a native New Orleanian, I simply cannot abide the local "red gravy" and find it overly sweet and bland at the same time. Cibo is the first Italian food I've had in New Orleans that tasted like something my mom (two steps off the spaghetti boat) would make. But at the same time, it's not the same-old spaghetti inn fare. The roasted pork sandwich (the day's special) had some kind of peachy spread on it that went perfect with the pig.The meatballs and sauce had several layers of flavor going on. I look forward to working my way through the menu over the coming months.A nice little Italian sandwich shop run by a NY transplant and former banker who is now much happier in life!  I got a turkey sandwich with hummus and some other things on it and it was very tasty.  It came with a little side of pasta salad.  Now the pasta salad looked pretty basic, just some fusilli with chopped red onion and olives but the more I ate it the more I liked it.  I think the owner/chef is just really good at coming up with tasty flavors, even if they look deceptively simple.  The pasta salad had a light vinaigrette-like sauce that's hard to describe and even harder to put down!
We had cannolis too and they were great!  I asked him if there was a liqueur in the cannoli cream and he said there wasn't, but there were some secret ingredients in there.  Again, you get more tastiness than you'd expect and that's just lovely.
We arrived late and they were out of some of their more popular chicken parm and meatball dishes.  The owner said he wants to add dinner service soon, so I am looking forward to that!Cibo... Cibo Cibo Cibo. I'm so glad I found you. 
I had just finished my training on my bicycle (I was in full spandex) and I was thirsty and out of water. So I pulled off to find a place to grab a water bottle. Best decision ever.
At first it appeared be a small deli, but then I looked up, saw bagels, an espresso machine, and the most drool-inducing menu with chicken parm, meatballs, cold cuts (I may have just been hungry from the ride). What caught my eye though was their Tribeca special. And, for the sake of honesty, the chicken toscani (sp) sandwhich caught my eye as well. I told the owner (who also cooks and made the menu!) the toscani was for my girlfriend, but I'm pretty sure he could tell I have no girlfriend, and they were both for me. I ordered them both to go because I was in spandex, and when I got home and sat down at the table to eat, I decided to write this review.
The food is so great. I am going to gain so much weight...But I won't hesitate. Cibolicious. 
but seriously, I'm about to go to this place way too often.I'm almost hesitant to post this review and slow down my wait time. I love this place so much and I don't want it to get to crowded! 
After I came here I legitimately came here everyday until present day. Now they know my order just from my voice on the phone. Hands down my favorite lunch place in New Orleans. 
10/10 chicken toscani is next level. Iced coffee.... unreal, ten out of god damn ten... I eat here everydayWanted to like this place based on the reviews, but was surprised and disappointed by the Walmart/Costco bread. Italian food should have good bread, no? I am all for cutting costs when appropriate but I couldn't get over the crappy bread.. :(  In my mind Italian Deli means: great meats, cheeses, and bread. Maybe I went on a bad day.Growing up in New York spoils you, then ruins you for the rest of the country. Stein's market is amazing, but he's from Philly. 
New York bagels, GREAT chicken parm, amazing beer, and great service are legit. 
I'm eating the caprese and its curing my hangover and blowing my mind with basily freshness. 
He's a good dude, and if you miss New York this will satisfy you... For a while.
I try to get here for lunch as much as I can.
They do dinner now too. 
Can't go wrong.My SO and I wanted something small, something good (DUH!), and something within walking distance.  For whatever reason, I had a hankering for pasta.  Well, CIBO is only 4 blocks away, and they have pasta!  So we walked up to Carrollton and inside this neat little deli with low ceilings.  It was brightly lit, with a chalkboard menu above the counter, but a paper menu on the counter as well.  I read the chalk, my SO read the paper.  The hostess at the counter patiently waited with a smile on her face as we perused the menu.  Finally, we both settled on "lasagna with a meatball," and waters.
Our order was taken, and we went to a table on the side.  As we waited, we talked quietly (there was one other table with two people), and looked around the place.  On the table behind us were stacks of containers of Italian cookies, all looking oh so yummy.  I slowly contemplated buying some, but shook it off and looked the other way.  We didn't realize it, but our meal came with small salads of romaine, red onion, and house dressing.  Very small, and tasty.  I quickly finished most of both of them and began eyeing all the meats and cheeses in the display.  Not long after this, our entrees arrived.
The lasagna servings were exactly the right amount.  Not too little that we would feel slighted, but not so much to make us super full.  And sure enough, they came with one meatball each, and on a bed of red sauce.  Now, I LOVE lasagna; it's one of my favorites.  I especially love MY lasagna, because I can make it the way I like it.  But this absolutely was better.  The noodles tasted fresh (not out of a box), the ricotta layer had perfect texture and taste (even my SO liked it, and she does NOT like the ricotta layer), and the meatsauce was mmm mmm good!  And the meatball was pretty good too.  It tasted a little bread crumby, but not dry.  It was interesting, but in a good way.
As we were eating, we commented to the chef about the fresh-tasting noodles and asked if he made them in house.  He said they actually imported them from Italy, which was kind of surprising.  But I guess if they weren't made in-house, direct from Italy is the next best thing.  And the chef continued to tell us that meat was from Brooklyn, the bread and cookies were from Brooklyn, the cheese was from Italy, the pasta was from Italy, and she (the hostess) is from Italy!  Funny times.
Anyway, everything was good and I even ended up buying an assortment of cookies (I know, I gave in).  The only, and I mean ONLY knock I had was that they don't serve tap water.  We had to buy bottles.  Not the end of the world, just odd and inconvenient.
We can't wait to go back.This place is beyond amazing!!!!!  Little bit of a sad back story: a few days ago my father passed away and my family has obviously been broken up about it. Tonight my mother said she wanted Italian so I began my yelp search and came across this little gem. The staff was beyond accommodating and the food was so good. My mother finished her whole plate for the first time since my fathers passing and then continued to finish mine as well, all the while saying how much she loved the food! So from the bottom of my heart thank you to the staff for being so amazing and at least for a little while letting us forget the sadness of this week.I try and give a restaurant a star rating based on its chosen "class" of restaurant.  Its unfair to have a smallish deli-style restaurant competing with an international steakhouse.  That's where this five-star review sources from.
Cibo is a small inexpensiveness  place run by a New Yorker named Darren (who ALWAYS has a Yankees cap on...)  For the truly Italian folks and especially those raised in the Northeast, the food will hit very close to home.  From a very deep and rich red sauce to his house cured Italian meats, the food is just fabulous!  
I have become somewhat attached to his Chicken Parmesan but I cannot resist ordering a SECOND dish to take home for leftovers when I pass through.  9Cibo is on Carrolton and I live much closer to downtown so when I get to Cibo, I have to bring some of that amazing food home with me.
Sitting in there and watching the crowd shuffle in and out is amazing - everyone knows Darren and it seems like every person that arrives is a regular.  It is that kind of place.
I should mention this is a truly deli style place like you would find in Manhattan.  A few tables, lots of great food to order to go and the Cannoli.  Good lord try the Cannoli!
In a town that has deep roots in the Italian realm, Cibo brings an excellent version of the Northeast Italian Deli to the heart of the Carrolton neighborhood.  I ate there last night and had the Chicken Parm.  I also took a Brooklyn sub home that will be my lunch today.Have passed CIBO many times. Finally decided to try them out. When I looked up the reviews I was really impressed. I am not a huge meatball lover (I prefer the meat sauce) but WOW this was the best meatball I have ever had. The staff was incredible, amazing customer service. The only complaint - NONE!!  Check them out, you won't be disappointed.Do it for yourself, you'll be glad you did. This deli definitely puts the good foot forward in things. I accidentally walked into Mona's (which is next door) because CIBO sits a little farther off the street from its neighbors.
I scoured the menu beforehand and had my mind set on trying the chicken fagioli but after getting there and seeing one of the daily specials, i had to get both; I couldn't decide on one over the other. The special was the tribeca of a delicious cut of breaded pork under red sauce and cheese, meatballs and pasta with a delightfully fresh side salad. In fact, the side salad was an unexpected, refreshing addition to the whole thing. Good ingredients used in every dish.
While that tribeca was fulfiling, and worthy of respect, i didn't abandon my initial plan of trying the chicken fagioli which i used as a second meal for later since its a cold sandwich with a pasta salad. The sandwich was pretty okay, i think i would get it again, but not after trying some of their others first. Everything was fantastic and i actually can't wait to go back!I would give more than 5 stars if I could! Walked into the restaurant right before close, and there was no hesitation by Darren and Alex to make me the best sandwich in New Orleans -- the "Sicilian." It blew me away! Additionally, Darren and Alex are wonderful people who value making their customers happy. Had a wonderful conversation with them that added a lot to the all around food experience. My sandwich MORE than filled me up -- very fair price for the large portion. Check them out -- you won't be sorry!My new favorite spot!  Their homemade red sauce is probably the best I have had in this city, and the meatballs are great too.  Their sandwiches are inventive and delicious--my favorite is the chicken modena, but the imports combo is also very good.  Plus, the owner is very friendly and involved in the cooking and preparation, ensuring that each order is high quality and made with love!One word... Phenomenal!!!
You haven't tried this place you HAVE TO!! 
Great sandwich, great chick parm, great meatballs and sauce! 
Top it all off with an espresso & Canoli.When I moved here three years ago it was impossible for me to find really good and properly priced bagels. Cibo is the best in the city. The only place in New Orleans you can get delicious deli style Italian food, and the only place that satisfies this Italian American's cravings.I've stopped in here a few times over the last year, and have been pleasantly satisfied with my food each visit! The bagels are top-notch- always fresh, & perfectly toasted. Just like in NYC, they are very generous with the cream cheese, so ask for it on the side if you prefer a touch less.  On my last visit, I tried the "Sicilian" - a large, toasty concoction of tender grilled chicken, crisp pepper salad, thick melty slices of fontal & provalone,& thin slices of cured capicola. Hands-down, this is one of the best sandwiches in town- stands up to the best po-boys in the city!  It's got a bit of kick from the pepper salad/crushed pepper flakes. But, still very balanced with the mild, creamy cheese and crusty Italian bread.  Served with a side of bright, tangy tomato gravy, and a surprisingly flavorful pasta salad with olives, red onion slivers- bathed in rich olive oil & balsamic notes. 
This place is still relatively new, but at heart its a great addition to the uptown neighborhood dining options.  I'd prefer if they stick to playing old New York jazz / crooners vs the occasional modern radio. But, just a minor complaint- I just enjoy getting into the real NY Italian deli vibe! The food is made with great care, and it shows through with each bite: bagels and subs are toasted just right, the cheese is melted just so, and the sauce is served warm for dipping- all assembled with careful precision.  Oh, and the meatballs here taste a lot like grandma's, accompanied by fresh cooked al dente spaghetti, and their simple, yet delicious bright tomato gravy.  I love Stein's deli, but I think Cibo is doing something equally well, and unique here in New Orleans for a taste of NY. Friendly staff, and affordable yet high-quality food makes this place a real sleeper uptown- a hidden gem worth discovering!So love this place!!! I could eat here everyday. They have the best red gravy on the planet and when paired with their chicken parm...oh yes!One of our new favorites   Great food, great service. Best meatball sandwich!  Very good bagels; difficult to find that in NOLA. Went to dinner w my family (only on weekends) recently; everyone enjoyed their meal.So happy to have an authentic New York sandwich spot in New Orleans. True Italian! Get the chicken or meatball parm. Can't go wrong. Broadway is great too. Great owner who cares about what's coming out of the kitchen and his customers' experiences!The redesign on this place is well done for the small size. The food is even better. These are New York boys that wanted to bring the real thing to New Orleans, and they are really into what they do. I've been here a few times now and the food is great: phenomenal sandwiches on great, real, New York imported bread, a spectacular arugula salad as fresh as an be, and entrees like the Tribecca (meatball, chicken Parmesan and spaghetti in one sampler.) the cannolis are filled to order and the real deal - even better than  Braccato's - really! The prices are very modest and the food is all great! Go! They do takeout too!This place is a real deal, New York style Italian deli and is just what New Orleans needed. I have been searching far and wide for a legitimate chicken parm sub outside the NY area for years and have finally found it at Cibo. Everything about that sub brought me back to my childhood in the NY area. The chicken was spot on, red sauce was fantastic and bread perfectly toasted with just the right consistency to trap the sauce without getting soggy. Apparently the bread is from NYC
After getting over the splendor of the chicken parm several times over I decided to branch out and got the import combo cold sub which was exceptional as well.  I can't wait to try everything this menu has to offer. They also include a small rotini pasta salad with all subs which is a nice touch 
I would say the only minor downside Is the prices aren't quite as cheap as on NYC, as a sub and Barqs runs between $12-15, but it's still reasonable and well worth it. 
Darren (tall guy in Yankee cap) is from the Northeast, certainly knows his shit and is incredibly friendly and attentive. I love the vibe of this place and hope they do well.My review is for the bagels and they are AS advertised!  Bagels are hard to make right, a lot of places say they make good bagels and then you have one and it is just french bread shaped like a bagel.  These are the perfect size with the right amount of chewiness.  Bravo!  Please stay in business, it has been years since I have found a place that makes REAL bagels.  I hope eventually the team would make more varieties since now there is just plain, sesame and everything.  I look forward to trying more of the menu items.That was a most delicious bagel n cream cheese n red onions n capers n lox! Need to go back and try some of their other menu items!Truly wonderful! Just tried this place for the first time and I was very pleased. Inside is super cute and the staff was very nice, not to mention the food was amazing! My husband and I ordered the chicken parm sandwich and the chicken Toscanini sandwich. Both were so delicious. My only complaint was the bread on the chicken parm became very soggy very quickly, but that's the nature of the sandwich.My boyfriend and I went here last night to check it out. It's very cute and charming on the outside and inside. The first thing we noticed were all the delectable Italian cookies! You know we bought some before we left. We bought the assortment and ate most of them immediately.
When we were trying to decide what we were going to eat, we ended up choosing the same item - lasagna with a meatball. I was so impressed that I asked the pleasant gentleman who was cooking if the pasta was homemade! It was just that tasty. The tomato sauce was also amazing. 
Both the male and female employee were very friendly and knowledgeable. They informed us that all the items are flown in from either Italy or New York. When explaining the origins of items, the male employee exclaimed "this is from Italy, that's from Italy (pointing at items), and she's from Italy!" He was smiling and cordial our entire visit. Altogether, wonderful food and an amazing atmosphere. Will definitely be visiting again in the near future.I started a new job in this area last month and have been exploring the neighborhood restaurants. Civil is in my top 3. The food is always tasty and fresh. The owner and staff are friendly, helpful and courteous. But the cannoli is life changing! They are sooooo yummy!Best New York bagels in New Orleans hands down! Cibo is qualityBy far the best bagels I have had in nola and I've been to all the "bagel" places here. This place is the real deal!! It's the only place my friends from new jersey will get a bagel in townTried the TriBeCa and the cypress salad. The salad was good could have used riper tomatoes. The meatball and spaghetti was mediocre. Not much to it just not that flavorful. Sauce was a little boring. The parmigiana was good lots of cheese which helped probably cause the chicken was probably just ok. All in all just ok. It's a deli I guess stick to the sandwiches which I haven't had yet. Not sure if come back. The Ac is also struggling here and for Louisiana that should be a no. I was sweating the whole time inside. Nice place nice staff just food is okI think the best way to describe CIBO is this: you know when you picture that perfect meatball, or perfect sandwich, and you go out looking for it and it's never QUITE that? CIBO is that. CIBO is the meatball you've always wanted, but everywhere else has disappointed. 
Just, go. If you have any questions or doubts, stop looking through yelp reviews, and just go. Trust me.LOVE THIS PLACE!! We are from CT originally and our grandmother was full blood Italian who grew up in Brooklyn, so we know good NYC Italian. We now live in Kenner and found this gem. Their meatballs are the only meatball that is as good as my grandmother's!!! So tender they melt in your mouth. Their sauce is simple yet totally on point. Delicious. I almost always choose the tribeca simply because I can't decide between meatball, pasta or chicken Parmesan. You get it all in the tribeca. And enough for two meals as long as you can control yourself and not scarf it all down in one sitting. They make a great meatball grinder too. As good as the family Italian restaurant in our CT hometown where the little Italian ladies worked the kitchen like magicians. 
And OMG, the cannolis are a must!!! We bring them home to eat later that night once we aren't so stuffed. Crispy shells and perfect filling of creamy ricotta and chocolate shavings. They even will sell it as a cannoli dip with broken shells pieces for parties. Always a hit. I'm picking some up tomorrow for our Christmas dessert. Try the cannoli, you won't be sorry. 
Now that my grandmother has passed on, CIBO is my go to for old school NYC Italian food. One bite and I am transported back in time to my grandmothers living room eating meatballs with the other kids at the coffee table at Christmas. Thank you CIBO. My gramma lives on.This is one of the best sandwiches I've had in years.  Darren uses fresh ingredients and really provides one of the best meals to be found near Tulane and in the city.  It's great to have a taste of New York's Italian food here in the Big Easy - Try the Broadway.This is a new addition to the Carrollton corridor of restaurants on the River side of So. Claiborne Ave. And I must submit a very welcomed addition. The place is clean and has seating inside and some nice seating outside for the mild Fall weather we have been experiencing. 
The owner is on the premises and overseeing the operation. He is friendly and is dedicated to doing it right. He is from New York and he is bringing to us some tastes that are different. And that is not always a bad idea even for a New Orleans boy.
Opened all week from 11:00am to 7:00pm except Sunday when the place closes at 4:00pm. And it is dark on Mondays.
Cibo which I believe is Italian for Food holds itself out as "Italian-American Cuisine From The Northeast." And so the adventure commences and the first trip out to check them out was very nice.
Everything appears to be fresh. Observed the preparation of their meatballs. They are on my list for a return visit. There is a Deli and you can select your meat and cheese to do it yourself. Olives are fantastic.
The Tri Colored Rotini is very flavorful and not just coated in some oil. Had a little to try it out and wanted more. 
BTW you can bring your favorite wine with a small corkage fee that I find reasonable. Three dollars per person and I can't wait to sashay over there one lazy afternoon with a bottle of my wine and enjoy a great meal on the Avenue en plein air.
The selection I made was very good. The Hot Combo Panini was close to perfection.  It is being promoted as Cibo's version of our Muffaletta. They got my attention and I had to check this northern version of one of our favorite sandwiches.
The Panini consist of Mortadella, Capocolla, Ham, Mixed Pepper Salad, Roasted Red Peppers, Melted Provolone Cheese, inside Pressed Italian Bread. Served warmed of course and the peppers add a very nice spicy flavor that was scrumptious and savory.
Very good food, friendly service and an owner that has a high desire to please makes this a Four Star. Will be going back to see if the rest of the menu rises to the level of the few items already tried and enjoyed.I've used CIBO for catering important work meetings and this place is always a hit. Everything is delicious and tastes fresh. I was happy to work with the owner as he was very kind and interested in meeting our needs.Such a cute place! Went tonight with my husband after spotting it a few days ago. I got the imported combo sandwich, which the owner said is the most popular cold sandwich - and for good reason! It was absolutely delicious. It was definitely a large portion as I took half home. It came with a small side of cold pasta salad (there were 2 pasta options) which was okay, but I'm typically not a cold pasta salad fan. 
The restaurant itself is adorable with about 7 tables. I forgot to ask if it was BYOB since I did see a bunch of wine glasses behind the register.  The two workers were so nice -- once was owner/chef we think. We were the only ones there around 6pm, but I hope it picks up once they do more advertising. Will definitely be back!!What a great find and treat for 1/4 to 1/2 the price of higher star Italian restaurants!! 
I was being overly ambitious when I ordered the  "TRIBECA" which is a sample of chicken Parmesan, a large meatball and spaghetti with house red sauce w/ salad.  Im glad I did!! 
The atmosphere is deli style, Bob Dylan's  "Knocking on Heavens Door" is playing in the background and I can hear the chef/cook singing along (and now whistling to another song lol) The petite brunette has great customer service skills.  She smiles, looked  directly at me and checked on me quite a few times.  
Great attitudes and team work is evident here, making for a pleasant experience... and omgosh I am SO full.  Generally, I do not over eat, but this meal was an exception!