There isn't a more reliable spot for an excellent lunch in this pork-centric spot.  Terrific!Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Thank you, Cochon. My husband and I agreed that we have only two regrets related to our meal at Cochon: 1) We didn't have enough stomach capacity for dessert, and 2) Every other meal in 2017 will suck compared to that amazingness. 
We had: Bread, wood-fired oysters, blue crab rice, cucumber and herbs, ribs, Louisiana Cochon, Mac and cheese, and twice baked potato. Every single thing - ALL of it - was incredible. I would recommend it all, but especially the oysters, ribs, and Mac and cheese. 
So, so happy!!! Go to Cochon. You won't regret it.Une excellente adresse où tous les produits sont frais et cuisinés.
Je recommande aussi le Butcher juste à côté.A great dinner place. We had no reservation and no wait eating here during the week. The food, cocktails, and service was spot on. We ordered the pork ribs, boudin balls, fried alligator and for dessert, the hummingbird cake. The pork ribs and boudin balls were my favorite of the night.
The hummingbird cake was on the dry side.I don't get why people come here. The food is salty and uninspired the servers are rude and slow. My friend got food poisoning, so we won't be giving it another shot. Just no.I have been to the CBD many times without checking out couchon, and once I did I felt stupid for not giving it a chance before. I normally regular at Woods for a cute nightcap and some dessert, but it was dead the other night so I took some friends across the street to Couchon, where there were more patrons. It was quite pleasant, we started off with a recommended drink, from our waiter, Terry. I had the lavender kisses cocktail, which has an odd name but was delicious. It was quite citrusy with a lavender aroma, and for my accompaniment food I ordered the ribs which were spicy, tender and full on the bone. I was a big fan of all of it. After trying a new drink, I decided to fall back on a favorite, White Russian, and order some dessert to go with my milky drink. The blueberry skillet pie, combined with the WR was to die for, the pairing was perfect. Service, food and drink were great. Bathrooms were a little unclean but the overall atmosphere makes up for such a trivial thingDuring my daughter's whirlwind 7 day stay, we hit a number of darned good eateries, Cochon ranks in the top three.
We hit this place early, between 5 and 6pm. No crowds. Though we felt like "early bird" diners, that did not extinguish our enthusiasm.
The restaurant's decor is excellent. Neat, clean lines.
The food was way above par. We shared fried rabbit livers appetizer. The pepper jelly was an excellent compliment, and it was served on small squares of toast which really accentuated the other ingredients. My kid opted for the Boucherie Plate as an entrée; and I went with the Oyster and Bacon Sandwich. Both were delicious.
Cochon also has an excellent drink menu and a fine selection of bourbons,whiskeys and scotches.
Great food and excellent service by the wait staff, makes this a restaurant that I will frequent.Good food, but had to sit outside, which sort of ruined the experience.
GET RESERVATIONS!!Good food. Friendly service. Refreshing ambiance. Went on a busy lunch time on a recent visit to NOLA. Place was packed so I gladly accepted offer to sit by the chef's counter. Not a bad decision as it turned out. You get entertained with the kitchen staff working their butts off in front of you. I had the fried liver and the Louisiana cochon. Both were excellent and filling. I can see myself coming back again on my return trip to NOLA.Seriously delicious!  The restaurant is filled with the aroma of tender smoked bacon....mmm be still my beating heart.
The pork cheeks were so tasty!  The ribs were tender and juicy!   The jalapeno sweetbread makes me want to hunt down the chef and attack him!  Ok...he totally deserves that James Beard award!
The decor is modern with touch of trendy eco-cool.  Green is the new black, right?
Seriously fine cuisine that'll knock the jambalaya off your socks!NO-CHON. All hype no substance.  First of all THE SERVICE SUCKS.  Give yourself plenty of time to eat because you will need to flag down the staff for everything.   
Ordered the salad with goat cheese, pumpkin and lots of other goodies.  It showed up lacking all the goodies, but lots of onions snuck in (not listed as an ingredient) and the remake never returned (finally told the waitress to just forget it).   The beef brisket is good but really fatty.  Yes, fat = flavor, but expected a leaner cut at these prices.  
The worst was a pork patty thing that tasted like a salt lick.  Inedible. 
I would not return.Food ok to decent, ridiculous policy of no separate checks prevents any recommendation for a group larger than 2.
It's the 21st Century and they won't do what was available since the adding machine 3as invented.Cochon provides a perfect example of a restaurant where you simply can not make up your mind because you will literally want to try everything on the menu. And this can be particularly vexing here because what they offer is largely heavy, country style food that will make you want to roll over and take a nap immediately once you finish a plate. I will say that I would have been happy ordering 3 plates of the wood-fired oysters and just calling it a day. Those were simply amazing. We also ordered the gator, the crawfish pie, a side of lima beans, and the rabbit and dumplings. The Rabbit with dumplings was a homerun dish as well. I really enjoyed the gator too, but the crawfish pie was not very interesting. We're visitors to New Orleans so I now understand that crawfish pie is kind of like street food here, but this was something that had intrigued me so much but then delivered so little. What I pictured in my mind and what arrived were far off so I'd say pass on this one. At the end of the day, we experienced some great food in a vibrant setting and I would love to go back.I got one word for you moonshine! The Catdaddy moonshine that they tastes like Christmas. The food is delicious we had fried boudin balls that were scrumptious. The fried rabbit liver was perfectly seasoned.  The pork checks were so tender. For dinner the oven roasted gulf fish was flaky with a perfect amount of lemon pepper taste. Service was a bit hurried for NOLA  so you should order apps than your dinner after you are finished with your apps. But seriously  try the moonshine. If you don't want to have it straight you should ask for a mixture welches grape soda and Virginia moonshine.Can I give this place 6 stars? There is absolutely nothing bad on the menu. Hell, there isn't even anything mediocre on the menu. Every.single.dish we tried was exceptional. It was so good, we went back the very next day.
As a Texan, it shames me to admit that the best ribs I've ever had were from Louisiana. The smoked pork ribs were...perfection. Just a little bit crispy with a wonderful sauce - vinegar based? Likewise, the fried liver, gumbo, mushroom salad, and smoked ham hock were all incredible. 
Service was friendly, affable and shockingly quick. Both days we went, Cochon was packed, yet all of our plates arrived minutes after we ordered. You won't get out of here inexpensively, but that's mostly because the menu seems to order itself. I found myself sounding like a child reciting their Christmas list to Santa; "I want this, and this, and this, and one of these..."
Just go to Cochon, it's incredible.Mmmmm.  Whilst the menu is quite limited, we were able to find interesting and delicious choices - the ham hock is sinfully unctuous, and the crab salad small but beautifully composed and flavorful.  Sides of greens and cucumber salad were tasty, and my husband devoured the pineapple upside down cake in about 10 seconds.  Service was fair - a bit disconnected until it came time for the check.  Still - one of our better restaurant choices in NOLA.Who knew that pig could be presented so deliciously in so many ways? Donald Link knew. And now I know, too.
Both times I've been here, my dining companion(s) and I have ordered a whole bunch of small plates and shared. The last meal went something like this: Collard greens (omfg, delicious). Fried alligator (lovely). Some rib dish (excellent). Shrimp and eggplant dressing (divine). Mac and cheese (yay). Broccoli and cheese casserole (eh). Butternut squash soup with pecan oil drizzle (perfection). Shrimp and corncakes (so good). 
I can't even remember our desserts, but I know we liked them. And the drinks were great at well. I had a boozy apple cider drink, we also had some kind of mojito that was great.
The bottom line: I love pork. I love Couchon.Had the pleasure of eating at Cochon last week and it was absolutely delicious. We ordered the fried livers with pepper jelly & toast, smoked pork ribs with watermelon pickle, macaroni & cheese casserole, smothered greens, and smoked beef brisket with horseradish potato salad. The mac & cheese is a must - do not miss out on this bowl of heaven. The smoked pork ribs were mouthwatering. The service was attentive and friendly. I would definitely recommend anyone looking for a memorable meal to stop in and try a meal at Cochon.What an amazing restaurant! As a visitor/tourist you definitely need to wait her know some one or do your research to find this gem! Possibly one of the best atmospheres to eat of the whole trip! Very modern and appealing to a crowd in their 20-40s looking for a great vibe and a great meal!
Unfortunately, after a late lunch, and wising up on not filling up before a night of drinking...we chose to order appetizers for the table. I believe we ordered almost every one (including 2 Mac and Cheeses) which were all EXCELLENT!!
I would come back and recommend to any one I know visiting in the future!!!We were looking for someplace for lunch while at a convention.  Checking Yelp, we saw this place.  What an amazing treat.  The place was packed so we ate at the bar.  The Bartender had an excellent knowledge of the menu as well as being an incredible bartender.  I had the redfish served "Fisherman's Style" (on the half shell) and my business associate had the fried oyster sandwich.  Both were unbelievably good!  The decor and atmosphere here were also awesome.  
Another word about the bartender.  No glass left the bar without being checked for water spots.  Service was perfect and his knowledge of all things in the spirit world was fantastic.  
I won't ever miss this place on a visit to New Orleans.  You shouldn't either!  But, make a reservation!So much fun here! Pork shoulder was so great, the pork rinds on top were an unexpected treat! The waitresses were super attentive and the chocolate cake was sooooo good! Thanks to the staff for the glass of milk!This is the restaurant that I was waiting to uncover in New Orleans.  I know that all food is slow food when it comes to this leisurely town, but I wanted Slow Food.  If you are like me, a die-hard fan of the pig, then you will be overjoyed by Cochon.  It's a little on the spendy side, but not bad for this caliber of cuisine.  The interior is lovely, perfect to impress a date, go out for dinner with friends, or even for business lunch.  I love the charcutterie and the ribs with pickled watermelon.Cochon was delicious. I had the Louisiana Cochon. It was very tender. The greens were good but the best were the oysters. They had a spicy sauce on them making them unlike I've had before.  It was great. The atmosphere was perfect. Very lively and fun.We were told by two trusted folks to "just get the appetizers" - and we did. It was incredible. The mushroom salad with fried beef jerky was very interesting - the mushrooms were razor thin and required an insane amount of preparation. The fried chicken livers with pepper jelly and herbs on croquettes were just perfect, but this is a classic snack. The "boucherie" cured pork that included pickled green tomatoes, head cheese, and a pork and fig terrine was so much it was hard to finish. The piece de resistance though was the braised pork cheeks country captain with raisins and almonds - completely blew my mind. It was perfect.Our last night in New Orleans was ruined by Cochon .
This place came highly recommended and I don't see why . We ate at commanders palace last night , and that place lives up to the hype. Cochon was the opposite . 
Service was one star 
Our waitress, man , no greeting , no smile, no nothing...
Asked for a sample of soup as it sounded like it could be really good or really bad, Sorry , we can't but I will ask.
She never gave us a answer , just decided to skip it.
Ordered all of our food at once , and everything came at once , over a hour later , 
Entrees were set down , then appetizers , then their complimentary bread , then our salads .
I guess they don't Believe in spacing things out ,
Food was  meh 
Ordered desserts for some sort of redemption ,
But those too were sub par. 
I would skip this place and hit up all the others that will deliver to your expectations. 
I guess when they find out your not a local ,
They don't give a shit .I was deeply disappointed in this restaurant. I am a huge fan of pork so this came as a surprise! We tried the wood-fired oyster (OK), fried alligator with chili garlic aioli (good), Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins (not impressed at all), and twice-baked stuffed potato (meh).
The restaurant was busy and our waitress had her hands full. They forgot about my potato and we had to chase down our bill.This is one of the best meals I have EVER eaten!  Paneed pork cheeks with Creole cream cheese grits and dried figs.  There wasn't enough bread to sop up my plate!Went here by recommendation and reservations are the way to go. It was quite busy and moderately loud. The servers were certainly hustling and were as attentive as to be expected during such a busy dinner rush. We sampled a bunch of plates and REALLY enjoyed them all: butternut squash soup (of the day) with chili cream, spicy herb cucumber with vinegar, smoked pork ribs, meat pie (the most flavorful I have ever tasted), and mac n' cheese. They were all so tasty and actually worked really well together. All in all a super tasty meal and positive experience.Literally one of the best meals of my life. Recommended to us by a local uber driver. No reservation on a Thursday evening at 8pm, we had an hour wait. Full restaurant, great ambiance. I had soup of the day, and my husband the Cochon. Both were excellent. I was not expecting a soup to have me so thrilled for a meal! Portions on the smaller side. The only slight disappointment of our experience was our distracted and unattentive waiter. All else wonderful.We got Cochon and Cochon Butcher mixed up, but decided to stick it out at Cochon because it smelled amazing. This was a mistake. We should have walked right out and found Butcher. I really wanted to like this place, but it's really hard when the food was just okay and the service was nonexistent at one point. If three people are supposed to be helping and no one even checks in on you, then no one is really helping. We had to look up the dessert on the website, and when someone finally came over, they asked us if we were ready for the check....and I guess we were. Wasn't awful but I wouldn't go back if they offered me a free meal.Awesome! Fantastic staff. Great atmosphere. Crawford pie was excellent. The wood-fire oysters are to die for. The fried alligator was really good. And life doesn't get any better than sweet tea with rabbit and dumplings. Did I say AWESOME.  I came here because of all the reviews on yelp and they were spot on.Terrin, our server was the most knowledgeable server I have ever had at any restaurant. Great service!When in New Orleans you should check this place out! The wood fired oysters, gumbo and alligator bites were incredible! Nice drink menu and the house made lemonade was very good.  Great atmosphere with an upscale vibe.This place has great food and service! We walked over for a late lunch after seeing the WWII museum, and were delighted by the experience. Our food was delicious (especially the fried gator!) And our server was super friendly. She even have us a great recommendation beignets to avoid the craziness of Cafe Du Monde!God Damn. Wish I lived here for this place. 
Truly amazing. Service Top notch. 
Great beer selection and sides.Exceptional food and service.  Ate the alligator with aioli and it was unbelievable. Had the brisket for lunch and it was also extremely tasty.  Just go in and order the alligator and you won't be disappointed.  Highly recommended.  The bread and home made lemonade were also top notch.Coming from the new East Nashville, Tennessee 'foodie hotbed' and having eaten at Cochon's sister restaurant in my hometown, I was eager to try the original as we love Cochon Butcher near our neighborhood. I don't write on Yelp very much, if, at all. I can't say enough about my experience here. From start to finish, it is hands down in my top 3 when it comes to sheer food excellence. 40 years on this planet and I can say that. Didn't order a single menu item that disappointed... and we tried. I could go on and on but just give it a try. It's well worth the effort. They're not trying too hard. They're not being snobby or fancy. They're just hitting what they do out of the park. Go.Really good vibe and great drinks.  The food was defintiely above average, though not exactly transcendent.  Service was attentive and the staff knew their stuff.  I'm not sure that I'd wait all day to go here, but we snagged a 2PM reservation which worked out well.   Hopefully, places like this will revitalize the surrounding neighborhood, which seems ripe for a Brooklyn style scene of nightlife, restaurant, shopping, etc.I meant to give Cochon 4.5/5 Stars... this place is simply the BEST. A friend in New Orleans recommended it & I salute the chef. Very adventurous & interesting menu, i wish i can try all of them in 1 seating but alas, even a pig needs a break...
We started with fried alligator & fried rabbit livers, OMG they were unbelievable, the flavors were like explosion in my mouth, just remind me of the food back home in Malaysia, full of flavors & spices... as for entree, of course i tried their specialty, the cochon, which was ok coz the appetizers were so good & domineering in terms of taste, they pretty much made the evening meals special already...
Very contemporary interior, love the bar stools, great ambiance & crowds. Services were immaculate too, so, overall this place is TOP on my list for Best US Restaurant (besides da Marco) so far. However, as you will see, i dont normally give out 5 stars easily... so, maybe some day!Schooling the Old School.
After 4 days in NOLA on a food and hooch excursion, we made it to Cochon. Highly recommended by a local friend, they did not disappoint.
Fried Alligator bites, surprisingly tender and not chewy with just the perfect kick from the sauce...and not drowned in it like (insert most any old style NOLA restaurant here).
Pork cheeks that offer a lesson in proper braising and slow cooking. The most tender, fork split deliciousness! Again sauced too ideal.
Rabbit and Dumplings. A cassoulet/stew-ish dish that was beautifully prepared leaving the dumplings half immersed to absorb the luscious sauce and half exposed to the broiler to crisp their tender tops. Spot on.
Twice baked Spud that was fluffy inside and cheese browned on top.
The service is comfortable and casual as befits the very attractive warehouse type space. Fairly priced and efficiently delivered.
These newcomers like Cochon and Peche are teaching the old NOLA standards that there are delicious, innovative ways to prepare Cajon/Creole. The old guards are losing step with their drowning star ingredient in 70-80's style, over salted unattractive sauces.
Game on!This place is so amazing, we had a business dinner a party of 10 and everything was mouth watering, the service beyond excellent. CANNOT wait to go back this place is a HIGHLIGHT for NOLA.Excellent dinner, we did not have reservations, walked around and were paged when the kitchen bar seats opened up. We were sitting right in front of the wood burning stove. I don't know what I enjoyed more - alligator appetizer, fire roasted oysters or watching chefs with "propellers" prepare dinner - these guys did everting but fly - it was nothing short of spectacular. Food was excellent!The food here is very unique and delicious. Get the fried alligator for sure! 
Wait staff was great and very knowledgable. 
It is not in the French Quarter which is a plus  for me since I am from New Orleans. 
It is a must go for me!Our group came here on a Monday for lunch, with reservations (many, many thanks to our friend for calling to reserve beforehand), and they were pleasantly buzzing with business.  Good sign.  
Decor: To enter, we passed a pleasant outdoor, cafe-like seating area at the restaurant entrance (weather was sunny and temperate, beautiful).  Inside was larger than I expected (but I expected narrow, small, trendy), neat and nicely spaced tables/seating, mellow warm-colored interior, decent size bar with golden wood tones.  (I could easily picture a trendy happy hour group in the evening, too bad we were leaving NOLA to go back home to Philly that afternoon).  
Food: absolutely delicious.  Our group shared multiple dishes, as our group often does to maximize the food tasting experience.  Great starters: Beet and (bleu?) cheese salad was good, with plentiful and visible beets.  Fried alligator nuggets were not too heavy, very flavorful, nicely seasoned remoulade.  Pate was supremely smooth and was best spread on the perfectly warm, soft rolls that come with your meal.  For entrees: Rabbit dumpling stew was delicious but some felt it could have used more rabbit meat.  Pork cheeks were delicious.  Great crispy pork skin crowned some tender meat and root vegetables.  Pork tongue sandwich seemed to be everyone's favorite in our group, so delicious, nicely dressed.  Grits were also decent.  
Service: We seemed to have two servers.  First one seemed a little more friendly, relaxed, and attentive than the second one (hence the 4 of 5 stars).  We received our food fine and timed nicely, our entrees arrived very soon after we finished our starters.  
Overall a fabulous last meal in NOLA!  Would definitely come back for this one, maybe in the evening to see what wonderfulness the dinner menu has to offer.I enjoyed every bit of this dinner. Atmosphere was fun and typical of a good New Orleans spot. 
Food really was amazing. We had the short rib that just melted in your mouth. Our friend had the ham hock and she said it was one of the best things she's ever eaten. The food is just really well cooked and of a high quality. 
Cocktails were good. Will definitely be going back.First of all I rarely if ever give 5 stars. This place was awesome! Be warned reservations are hard to come by, but if you are patient and don't mind eating at the bar you can walk in without a reservation. Has tarted with the orange whiskey cocktail which was very good followed by the oysters with chili garlic butter which were deliciously spicy. You have to try the boucherie plate which is a sampler of their in house farm fresh cured meats, pickled watermelon rinds, watermelon pickles. My entree of rabbit and dumplings was delicious, Louisiana country cooking at it's finest. Then finished with the bread pudding with ice cream with a shot of cognac........delicious. If you come to New Orleans you eat here. I Gar-own-tee you won't be disappointedThe pork was amazing. Service was superb. I have nothing but great things to say about this place! The alligator bites were great but the pork was seriously out of this world delicious.Holy shit, I could barely walk after, sat by the kitchen and saw the madness go down! will be back for more innovative eats next time I am in town.A very, very solid four stars. Hope you like pork. Been three times and have not been disappointed. Louisiana cochon with turnips, cabbage & cracklins -- yes please. The Boudin balls are also totally sick. Atmosphere is open but not loud, nice but not stuffy. Staff are friendly. Go.This restaurant absolutely lived up to its reputation. It was incredible. We arrived about 30 to 45 minutes before closing and the only available seats were at the bar, I was somewhat disappointed to not be at a table. It was no fault of the restaurants that I arrived late at night without making a reservation though. The bartenders who served us were very knowledgeable about the menu and friendly. We even ordered one dish twice it was so good. I'm sorry I can't remember what it was though. 
We went to New Orleans for less than 24 hours on a last-minute getaway and had had only one night to eat dinner and we chose Cochon. It was a great choice and I would do it again. This is the sort of place where you expect the waiters to be "too cool for school" but I was very impressed with how they treated to unhip tourists.Seven of us went on a week night (jammed packed) and we werent expecting the great food that came out of the kitchen.  Except for the fried alligator (which tasted exactly like the Bang-Bang Shrimp at the Bonefish Grill) everything else was a total surprise.  Each person raved about what they had been served-even the root beer!  Dont miss this place.What luck - we were able to walk in on the Friday before Mardi Gras and got seated right away.
    The dining room was warm, comfortable and attractive and lively but not too loud.
     The service was terrific. Professional and very helpful.  We mentioned our friends' difficulty finding produce locally and our server told us about a number of farmers' markets in the area. 
     I had a mixed greens salad which was good but unremarkable. G had a hog's headcheese and pig ear salad. ??? Well, he liked it. Called it "interesting."
    I had deviled crab for an entree served in a crab shell half and with crackers. Very rich and delicious. G had the signature Cochon. He was happy.
    For dessert we had "Checker" cake. Chocolate and white cake in a checker pattern with chocolate frosting. Tasted very home made. 
    Bonus for our meal: a parade had just ended and the floats all zipped past, empty. Like a parade in fast motion.In town for a convention (read: boring), and I was charged with finding a spot for my group to eat dinner.  We had eaten at Broussard's the evening prior, and I figured I'd find a place that would provide a contrast to some of the formal dining we had enjoyed the night before.  After reading several reviews, Cochon appeared to fit the bill perfectly.
Although it was fairly easy to make a reservation just a few hours before dinner time, I was pleasantly surprised to find that when I arrived, the place was packed and really kicking.  The vibe was great, and the ambiance could be described as modern, yet inviting, and just the right blend of casual and formal.
First up were a couple of drinks, and I had a specialty cocktail made with Gin (yes!), lemon bitters, blueberry infused simple syrup, and a lime wedge.  I really enjoyed this cocktail, although it could have been less sweet, but this is the South.
Of course, we ordered the fried alligator, boudin, and roasted oysters.  I'd skip on the oysters next time, and focus on that boudin for sure.  What a great tasting sausage!  The fried alligator had an interesting texture, on the tough side for sure, but the flavor was great and definitely worth a try even if just for the novelty.
I perused the entrees on the menu, and quickly settled on the Cochon, which is perhaps one of the most tender chunks of pulled pork shoulder that I have ever sank my teeth into.  It was truly amazing.  Everyone in my group was in a sharing mood, so we sampled each other's dishes, which included a delectable red fish, rabbit, beef brisket, and goat.  Besides my cochon dish, the beef brisket was something to write home about, and the red fish was a close 3rd place.  The entrees stole the show at this restaurant.
The desserts did not seem to be a strong point here, yet they managed to be quite palatable and enjoyable.  I ordered a fried peach pie with cinnamon ice cream.  The pie shell and chunky fruit filing was good, and the cinnamon ice cream was delicious on its own, but I felt that its nuanced flavor profile was overwhelmed by the pie.
All in all, I had a wonderful dining experience at Cochon and it was a nice change of pace for sure.  My choice was also a hit with my coworkers, so I feel good about that, too!A vegetarian at a place called "Pig"?
I had my doubts when I went with a group of carnivores but I was pleasantly surprised.  The helpful waiter informed me that they get lots of vegetarians and the chef enjoys pulling together a daily selection.  My meal was fresh pasta, corn, tomatoes in a slightly spicy sauce.  Overall, a pleasant surprise.We had a fantastic dinner here last Saturday night at Cochon!
To start we had the oysters and fried boudin. Both were divine. The oysters were some of the best I had while in NOLA. The boudin reminded me of the country-style pate I used to eat in France. It was like a memory on a plate. 
DH had the hamhock, which he LOVED and I had the Louisiana chochon, which I thoroughly enjoyed as well. 
We tried the hummingbird cake for dessert, which was nice, but I think we were too full by that point to fully enjoy it's carrot-cake like texture and cream cheese frosting. 
The service was fine and the space is modern. The atmosphere is laid back and you won't be out of place in casual clothes, although many were dressed up as well.This wasn't a authentic cajun experience, but the food and service was great. The wood fire grilled oysters are a must, if you like oysters. I absolutely loved them. My husband had the catfish and really enjoyed it. We ended our meal with a pineapple upside down cake, and I must say, its the best one I've ever had.Extremely disappointed. Smoked pork ribs were covered in a BBQ sauce that was so spicy we could not eat them (the menu does not describe them as spicy). Smothered greens and beef brisket were so salty we could not eat them. The only part of our meal that we could eat was the grits and mac & cheese casserole, which were both very good.My sis and I had a fabulous dinner at Cochon.  Wow.  We started w/ the fried chicken livers and they were perfectly battered, seasoned...only complaint was the overwhelming caraway on the toasts, however, it's such a personal taste preference, I just don't prefer the seeds.
My sis had the Catfish Court-bouillon and it was incredible.  So fresh and perfect.  It was light, yet hearty, difficult to describe, I'll tell you what though, every bite was a new taste and that made the dish so intriguing.  I had the wood oven roasted fish of the day, red-fish, and it was outstanding.  The best piece of fish I've had in New Orleans to date.  We shared the broccoli, pecan and rice side dish and it was rich and heavenly.  The ultimate comfort food we decided.
Service was great and the hostess was so understanding when we showed up 15 minutes late...we were lost, whoops! The decor, clean, simple, cool.  I'll definitely be going back when I return to my favorite city!Went out for my sister's birthday.  Food was excellent.  All local beers.  I will definitely go again!I had fried alligator and cochon. The gator was AWESOME!!!!! But the cochon was a little salty for me.... I even didn't finish it because it was salty.
The service was good, but they didn't accept separate checks unless you are four or more.I normally don't write reviews for places but will take the time out to do one if the restaurant was out of this world amazing, or a complete utter failure. I was extremely disappointed in this place last night. We were visiting NOLA for a few days and had very limited time, so I had a specific list of restaurants scheduled for my family to try out. Unfortunately this was the worse experience we've ever had. From the moment we were seated, our server was rude and not friendly it all. She made us feel like we were a burden to the point that we didn't want to ask her for anything. We sat there with only water for over an hour. We didn't even get any bread until we asked for it since my family was starving after an hour. All of our food came out at the same time. Appetizers, soups, entrees, and the food was lukewarm. I think service was so bad that it ruined the food experience for us. I felt really bad because I hyped this place up for my family for awhile and the expectation was very high. The only thing that was good was that the manager was very nice. After we voiced our concerns about our server, he was very attentive and said he will address the issue with the server. This place gets 1 star from me because that's the lowest I can select on Yelp. If it were my choice, it would get no stars.Hands down, my favorite restaurant in the United States.  In a city of great restaurants and a fantastic cuisine, I come back here, again and again.
Service is always friendly and down to earth.
Come hungry.I came here with my colleagues and we had about a 15 minute wait for a table around 6:30 pm which was perfect because it started to get pretty packed after we arrived. The food was delicious! We started with the oysters and the alligator - both were delicious!! My colleagues had the ham hock and the cochon, both were delicious! I had the goldfish fisherman style, which is the fish filleted with the skin on one side. The fish was fresh and flavorful, perfectly cooked. For dessert we had the coconut snowball-which was a vanilla cake with cream in between and covered in coconut flakes. We also had the hazelnut pudding. Take a recommendation and order both and eat them together, it's pure perfection! Come here, you won't be disappointed! A+!My wife and went for our final dinner in NOLA, and were not disappointed. What a feast, from start to finish. They seated us early, the waiter was great and super helpful, and even the other patrons were so happy with their meals and what they ordered that they couldnt help but show them off and share. I have almost never seen that before. We started with the wood-fired oyster roast, and the pork cheeks...wow. Amazing. I had the cochon with cracklings, a great beer, and we shared two fantastic desserts. A fantastic, epic meal, one I will remember for the rest of my life.Cochon is one of those restaurants in town you HAVE to go and try. It's so unique and the decor is so simple, understated, yet chic and modern. This is a great place for a special night out with your significant other, a small group of friends, or on your foodie tour of New Orleans. This is def a top three restaurant in the city and I highly recommend making this part of your exploration of the city's fine cuisine if you are here to eat. 
The worst part about this place is getting a reservation, but hey, if that's a problem then this place must be good, right? 
The service is prompt, nonobtrusive and informative. The drink selection has a few select cocktails that change occasionally, as well as plenty of beer and wine choices. The food itself is mostly pork, alligator and fish. I recommend the Cochon as that is fairly authentic and the friend alligator. I've had better Boudin elsewhere but I can't complain as it was still above par. 
We didn't have dessert so I can't comment on that, but the ham hock was incredible. Def make sure you stop by this place if you are seeking a unique and delightful dinner.This was the place that my small group of friends and I ate at together on a special birthday weekend trip to NOLA.
We ordered all of the appetizers and having lived in the South for a few years, I can easily say it was the best alligator I have ever had.  None of the appetizers were less than great!
I had the rabbit as my entree.  This was my first time with that ingredient but I have to tell you it was amazing!  The bacon oyster sandwich was great too.
If you are in town and can get a reservation, go here!Exceptional food, friendly service and all around great vibe. I had the oysters (best I've had so far), liver, shrimo and alligator - the flavor of the meat with the accompanying sauce were delicious and memorable.This restaurant is more of the cutting edge I was looking for in NOLA, so was happy that we were able to squeeze in between the reservations.  Had the alligator- hmmmm, would not bother again.  It looks like KFC little bites, and no discernible taste.  Could have been chicken for all we knew.  Oh well, gotta try alligator.  Small rolls with dinner were fab.  The Cochon plate with pulled pork, sauerbraten, and pork cracklings was well worth the try, and the fish special was definitely good with an excellent sauce.  But did I discern Sriracha mayo?  Don't know for sure.  Drinks were fine, atmosphere is excellent.  I enjoyed this meal but am not sure it reached the level of 4 stars.  If you are going to the WWII museum it is just a block away and a great end to a day of seeing why the greatest generation IS the greatest generation.Cochon is French for pig. Appropriately named, because that's what I was/am.  Everything was stellar.  Stand-out dish of the evening was the crab appetizer.  Get 20 of them.  Fairly-priced, awesome atmosphere, location could be better.This was our final meal in town, and it was a good note to end on. Fried alligator is well done with a really tasty sauce. It's chewy of course, but that's expected with alligator. Arugula strawberry salad was pretty good for something green. Gulf fish is simple and really high quality, good tasting without too much seasoning. Rabbit and Dumplings is quite good, though in fairness the taste and experience is more or less like a chicken pot pie. The dumplings are really more like fully cooked biscuits forming the top of the pot pie. Still, it was good. The place was very busy, but service was pretty quick. Quite a lot of good beers in bottles, and a few good ones on tap.We had planned eating a three course dinner but after evaluating the menu we decided to go the small plate route. The decision was filling, budget friendly and did I mention filling!? 
Get the gator. Each bite is delicious, savoury and just the right amount of heat. Speaking of heat, the mac and cheese is a great way to neutralize the heat. We also had the roasted oysters and the bouchrie plate. Everything was yummy from start to finish. 
The waitstaff was a team. This was annoying. We really liked our secondary waiter, but our primary was less than exceptional. Overall a great experience. Make a reservation so you can avoid the long wait.1.  Our waiter (server 103 T on the receipt, dude with the horrible goatee) was an ass.  Took our plates away without asking.  And when we asked to get leftovers wrapped, rolled his eyes and put garbage onto the leftovers plate while taking it away to wrap.  
2.  Food is overrated.  Our friend got the catfish, my wife got the ham hock, and I got the cochon.  Nothing worth the 4 stars this place is getting.  My cochon was just a BBQ pulled pork patty with cabbage & pork rinds ("crackling").   
     Ham hock and mac & cheese were decent. 
What a huge disappointment.  Go elsewhere!My friends and fellow reviewers, Nate and Noah, have a better view of this place than I do but not by much.  I have a couple complaints, but the greatness of the fried alligator with chili-garlic aioli truly earned Cochon 5 stars all by itself.  You have to expect alligator to be a bit rubbery, but it hardly was, and if so then only in the greatest of ways to enhance the dish.  It was so juicy and breaded and fried perfectly.  As for the aioli, I need the recipe in order to go on living.
Before the complaints, I would like to also say that the feel and decor of the restaurant were truly outstanding...humble and rustic yet modern.  I'm not so good describing decor, but all I know is that it felt like a great place to be.  Ok, to the not so good parts: service wasn't great, despite the restaurant being nowhere near capacity.  Also, I ordered the cochon, the dish that is the restaurant's namesake, as my entree and was less than impressed.  Though the pork was obviously juicy (read: covered in juices), it still felt dry to me and just fell flat somehow.  I was also not impressed with the accompaniments, even though it had cracklin.  Lastly, the house beer we ordered was nothing to write home about.
Despite all these things though, the way I felt while dining at Cochon and those damned lovable alligator poppers still garner this restaurant the highest of marks.  Also, my fellow diners were more than impressed, so that has to count for something.Visited here August 1st at the recommendation from our hotel concierge (The Ritz). Very disappointed.  It is nothing more than a high priced pork place. Yes there are things that are somewhat unique but nothing extraordinary-Alligator bites were delicious. The beef short rib was fatty, the pork patty was dried shredded pork formed into a patty, their signature made in-house bacon was so chewy and tough you could barely chew it.  Maybe because we are from Dallas where it is very foodie, but this place is not worth your time or money.  Visit a tried and true NOLA establishment.First off I'd like to say I was hesitant about ordering anything with the fact that this is a restaurant known for its pork and I do not eat pork products, poultry, etc. The server was rude and told me that I could not make any changes or substitutions as per the chef's request. I wanted to order the oyster & bacon sandwich with no bacon and extra oysters. He said I would have to get the bacon on the side and there are no extras. Sounds like a either a Nazi chef or a lazy server.
The oysters had a nice sauce on them. The shrimp and eggplant gratin was tasty, but unappetizing, too dark on top. The cortbouillon was tasty but a little too spicy. The mac & cheese did not taste homemade and was bland. 
We waited about 30 minutes between appetizers/small plates and entrees. Granted we were at a table of 7 for dinner, but I expected more from a restaurant that requires you to order everything upfront. Also the fact that we had to split our own check was a headache. Overall I love the atmosphere but was disappointed with the limited variety of menu options and wait time. Even my boyfriend who loves pork was disappointed to not see more dishes with bacon.There were so many great offerings on the menu that we decided to order several big and small plates and pass them around our little group. This was an excellent choice because we got to try items that we normally wouldn't have tried. 
Fried Boudin: My favorite item from our order. These little balls of deliciousness are hard to describe, but they were fantastic.
Smoked Ham Hock: Fantastic, meaty and incredibly delicious. The boiled peanuts on the side were a perfect combination.
Fried alligator: My hubby put it best with "Tastes like chicken". I agree heartily with this description. Kind of like chicken nuggets, but a little better texture. Not really my thing and the item I liked least of our selection.
Our waitress, Angie, recommended we order the grits and greens as side items. She was spot-on because they were perfect with the ham hock. I've never thought of myself as a grits person, but if all grits tasted like that I'd order them all the time. We found ourselves fighting with spoons over who got the last spoonful.The food was delicious. I highly recommend the alligator and also the rabbit and dumplings. The food would receive 5 stars but the service was a bit lacking. We had two waiters and our service was still slow.As a native of New Orleans and a regular back in the home town, it's often a challenge to find something I would consider exceptional in a city teaming with very good restaurants. Cochon is an outstanding pearl among the jewels of New Orleans cuisine. With the Oyster Roast starter and sharing the Duck Dumplings and Stew and the Louisiana Cochon, my daughter and I found a measure of food heaven! We shall return to finish working our way through the menu. And by the way, having not spared a morsel on the plate, we had to take the absolutely delicious peanut butter and chocolate pie to go.Highly recommend this restaurant! MUST try the rabbit&dumplings, the fried alligator and oyster are so good too.A New Orleans favorite. We've been a few times, and our last time was with a party of eight. The service could not have been better, and the food was expectedly-outstanding. Cocktails and delicious. 
We ordered many small plates, including roasted oysters crawfish pies and fried chicken livers with pepper jelly. The lovers are among my favorite things anywhere in the city. Soups and salads were also good.
I had the cochon with turnips, cabbage, pickled turnips & cracklins. Other-worldy. Truly a signature dish and something I could eat daily. the side of lima beans is one of my favorite sides anywhere. My wife ordered the rabbit & dumplings and loved it. I got to eat a bit of it as well. Rich, creamy and delicious. I only wish that I had access to the pot. I could eat my weight in this.