The lady that owns and cooks at this place is comfortably motherly. 
I don't usually like that from strangers, but she didn't overdo it. 
The feeling I get when I eat here is similar to going by my grandmother when I used to come home from a summer program or college. 
The only downside is that they didn't have Ting. :-( 
Food was delicious and very filling. The owner also sat with me and chatted while I ate. There is nothing comparable to just feeling welcome and at home in a restaurant.This was the best Jamaican I have had in New Orleans by far. I had the whole vermillion snapper and it was WOW. If you love Caribbean spices this is the place, dont try anyone else because they are not as good. While in the are stop at the bookstore and there is a great reggae club right up the street. Ask about the concerts there because she has a discount on tickets.Best Jamaican food I've ever had! The jerk chicken is amazing and the plantains were perfect!Omgggg!! The most delicious Caribbean food Ive tested in the whole city!! The spiciness is made to order! True Caribbean behavior haha! I can't wait to come back! Lol probably tomorrow!Good food but their hours don't make much sense. Make sure you call before you show up! Their jerk chicken is awesome..O M G ! ! ! You have to experience. Seriously! Excellent!!! The inside is really unique and cozy. They play chill music and the make sure you try the cane juice. It's so refreshing and good. Best drink ever in my mind.Absolutely loved this place. Very friendly. Immediately I felt welcomed. I got the veggie burger, fries and fresh cane juice. It was delicious. Watched as they cooked it. I definitely will pay Coco Hut a visit before I leave NOLA.My husband & I decided to try this restaurant during a weekend road trip. Being new to Louisiana we were unprepared for the lack of ethnic food choices outside New Orleans. Whenever we get near NO, we want nothing to do with gumbo or red beans. It's straight Jamaican food, our favorite.  
We were so pleased. The place is small & quite appropriately named. There was a real welcoming caribbean vibe there. There were locals enjoying the outside seating & chatting with the staff while they tended the grill. OMG, the smells coming off that grill...
The chef & waiter both were so nice to us. The chef told us how she changes her menu daily @ chatted with us while helping us decide what to order as everything sounded wonderful. 
We each had the jerk fish, spicy. My husband had the tilapia filets & I had the whole speckled trout. Delish. They were both extremely good. The side dishes of cabbage, rice, plantain & salad were all done well also. The meal was authentic, seasoned well & proportions were generous. We had zero complaints. 
The best surprise was the cane juice. Real cane juice w/ lime, ginger & mint. Fresh ginger root & mint floated throughout the drink. Do not pass this up.The family atmosphere at this spot is great! I was greeted by all of the employees and felt a warm feeling of hospitality. I ordered the vegetarian dish with some ginger beer. As I ate I spoke with the owner, the waitress and the cook. We had a great time we will return!The food here is so delicious and fresh.  As other reviewers have stated, the spices are on point.  The cane juice is so refreshing, with fresh ginger and mint chopped up in the juice. 
The food is made to order, so expect to wait about 15 minute.  I have been going for about 5 years, and it is consistently good, good.  
She also has a couple of vegetarian items on the menu that I have never ordered, but I am always tempted - a homemade veggie burger and jerk tofu.  For all you vegetarians out there.I wanted to try this place very badly because the reviews are so high. BUT when I called to place my order the lady who answers the phone is by far the RUDEST person in history. So I kept my money to myself!
To make matters worse, when I told my friend about how rude the lady was she told me she had a friend who recently stopped eating there because of the same lady's bad attitude and lack of respect. Eat at Boswell's their food is great and they treat customers with decency and respect. No food regardless how good, is worth being disrespected especially when you are paying for it.Love CocoHut I have been going here for years for the jerk chicken, yellow rice and plantains!!!! So good and fresh! I also love the jerk chicken salad with Italian dressing extra dressing with a side of plantains! I like to wash it down with the Jamaican pineapple soda they sale! It's a small restaurant but so cute! If you sit there you will see some interesting people and run into a few people you may know!!!! Mother is the best!!!! So sweet!!!!!Finally got a chance to try the food. Ordered the jerk chicken (spicy) plate and it was good.  Came with greens, yellow rice, plantains and salad. Staff was friendly. Definitely will be back.Want real Jamaican food? Drive a little further and hit up Boswell's...curry goat every day. Service here isn't the best...they're rude.Jerk Chicken in effect!!! Finger licking good, thanks mamma!! On a note, get there before she closes to make sure you are able to take a judge of all that she offeres...she has food for the day and once it runs out..thats it for the day...which means things are fresh...I grew up in New York, around plenty of Jamaicans and people from the Caribbean. My family is also from Haiti, and I've been to Jamaica doing volunteer work. I'm very knowledgeable on authentic Jamaican and Caribbean food. And this is about as close to real as it gets, the portions could be a little bigger for the price (in comparison to places I've been in other cities) but you still get a lot of bang for your buck. In a city that isn't known for having a lot of Caribbean food joints this place is a gem. Plus the owners of the place are really friendly. They also have a lot of vegetarian food if your looking for it. Not much seating inside though, it's mostly a take out business, and if you dine in you'll be served in Styrofoam.
Until I visit some other Caribbean places I'm going to reluctantly give this five stars. Food is excellent, but portions can be bigger, and food and drinks (they only have bottles)  could be cheaper.The jerk chicken was amazing! The people were so nice and the general feel was that you were eating at your favorite aunt's house (especially since the lady owner is just one of the sweetest ladies I have ever met). 
I have to warn you, though, that CoCo Hut is in no way a fancy establishment. As mentioned, it feels like you are eating at someone's residence. The place is smoky and the place is small (and can get crowded easily, I imagine) - but in a pleasant way. It is a bit pricey for NOLA (although reasonably priced by my CA standard), but I think it is well worth it. Sooo good! 
I asked for the extra spicy jerk chicken and the flavors (note the plural) were just amazing. Usually, when I request extra spicy, all I get is the piquant taste. Here though they are able to deliver a symphony of all other pleasant flavors along with the spice....*sigh* I am drooling just thinking about it... I can't wait to go back here when I am in town!Jerk chicken - who doesn't like Jamaican and Caribbean food? This is a paper plate joint but the presentation is four stars and the food is tasty tasty. New Orleans is like the Caribbean anyway - want a break from a poboy or a burrito - go get a jerk chicken wrap - yum yum yum. They are open Monday through Friday 11 to 7, Saturday from 8-5 and again open at 9:30PM till closing (whenever that is). Tell Ricky and Pam that Rachel sent you - the redhead on the bayou.I grew up on Caribbean food so this review is based off of my knowledge of authentic Jamaican food.
I only gave two stars because of the cane 
juice which is really really good but Eh...not all that impressed with the food.The rice and peas was bland...didn't seem authentic at all. Cabbage was okay; but only just okay. Jerk chicken was bland no caribbean spices at all.  Barely any meat...got a bunch of fat and gristle place is not an authentic place for food... And the prices are out of control.
The cocoa Hut charge $12 for the jerk chicken.
WOW THAT'S OUT OF CONTROL..
All in all, if you want some real Jamaican food from New Orleans, go to Boswell's on Tulane...everything there taste so much better!
In Boswell's is actually from the Caribbean so everything is very very authentic with very reasonable prices
Boswell charge $8.95 for the jerk chicken plate that comes with your choice of 2 sides and plantainsLove the food..first time I've had Caribbean food..and that TEA was so refreshing and good considering that I didn't think I would like it.. I was very glad I stopped in. I will be back.So delicious! And the owners are wonderful hosts. We recommend the Mango and Coconut Chicken (huge serving with rice, salad and cabbage), and Jerk Chicken Salad (spicy will kick any cold you feel coming on). Definitely will try again when we're back in town.It's three days later and I can still feel the after effects of the meal I had here.  It's a lingering warmth.  
The CoCo Hut feels like a hut. Once you come inside you're somewhere else.  The tiny-looking square room expands and deepens once you sit down.  It is lined with candles, ritualistic items, Caribbean flair, flags, glitter, flowers.  Thick smoke comes in a cloud from over the counter as Roots music plays.  Fresh vegetables and fruit are cut, dressing is made from scratch, plantains are fried.  The kitchen runs with a confidence and ease of a community institution that has been open for over ten years.  
I prepared myself for the jerk chicken with a glass of cane juice.  The juice has a complex brown sugar flavor shot through with chunks of ginger, mint leaves, and a liberal infusion of lime juice.  Bracing and refreshing in the humidity of spring-turning to summer afternoon.  I couldn't handle a whole plate so I got a  wrap. I asked for it spicy and the server, wearing a Rastafari beanie, smiled beautifully and agreed.  The food was brought out promptly.  The toasted shell of the wrap was filled with the most flavorful yellow rice, vegetables, homemade dressing, and chicken.  Fresh greens on the side.  The chicken: substantial, succulent boneless thighs.  Unbelievably moist meat with an ideal charred, sticky, fragrant crust.  While I ate, hot pepper related tears continuously streamed down my face and I could not have been happier.  
Every detail of the restaurant feels like a personal invitation into the hearth and soul of its owner. She is a beautiful dynamic black Colombian chef who has lived in the Caribbean.  She has imbued the restaurant with her pan-Afro-Latin-Caribbean identity and thoughtfully engages it it in every detail of the dining experience.  As we ate, neighborhood folks wandered in, stopping by to chat with the owner, pick up food, or sit down to enjoy a full meal.Good food but a little on the pricey side considering that it is mainly for take out. Had the jerk tilapia entree. Didn't get any plantains with it, thought it was supposed to come with them but maybe I was wrong. Fresh cane juice with ginger and lime was delicious!!! Would come back just for the juice!Yesssss! This place is so darn good. We had the (fried) chicken jerk plate and the fish jerk plate. The jerk is REALLY spicy, so if you're sensitive to heat, ask them to take it easy on you. It's easily among my favorite jerks I've ever tried. The nuances to the seasoning are amazing. Further, the plate comes with a nice little salad and turmeric cabbage slaw. I am obsessed and am going to return often.this place is one of thee best caribbean spots in new orleans!!!!!!! great environment, great ppl, and of course great food.... can't go wrong with picking anything off the menu! my favorite is the spicy jerk plate!!!!!So I took a chance and tried this place for lunch today. One word: Amazing! The staff were really friendly and recommended some great menu items to me. Jerk chicken is one of my favorites so of course I chose it. The chicken was grilled to perfection. For around $12, you can get a ton of filling food, that smells and taste great for the price. Can't wait to return.Stopped for a late night snack based on aroma alone as I passed by. I devoured this right off the hood of my car and picked up the bits that fell off my fork onto the hood, because I didn't want to lose any of it. I am usually a very sanitary person and not prone to eating things I dropped onto dirty surfaces -eew. I was compelled in this case and did not suffer for it this time:-) Huge portions. Absolutely delicious. All of it - rice and beans, greens, jerk chicken.I love the hidden jewel!!! We have been in New Orleans for a few years and this is by far the best restaurant we face experienced since living here! The staff made me feel like family and the head cook was a sweetheart! She educated me about the area and the history of New Orleans and Caribbean people. My husband has Haitian roots and I have a grandmother who was from the West Indies, so it was a true treat for us! I will revisit this place before we leave New Orleans!The best original chicken that you can get for hot and flavorful was very delicious felt like I was eating Original Caribbean foodMy favorite place to eat in New Orleans. The food is always fresh and incredible: I recommend the jerk chicken and the tilapia salad. The atmosphere is very joyful. People are open to talk and they share good stories: they almost adopted us! Family friendly.I love CoCo Hut. I have been eating from them for years. I love the jerk fish and shrimp with spanish rice. The lime juice goes great with it. I always get my jerk chicken real spicy and my curry goat.Yum!  Coco Hut is a hidden gem in the neighborhood.  I ordered a jerk chicken plate with double veggies.  The person taking my order had to ask me a couple of times if I really wanted no rice (lol), but I assured them that I was trying to eat on the lighter side, as I was going for lunch in the middle of a workday.  There's a very family feel to this place- only a few people who do all the cooking, ordering, and bussing themselves.  Limited seating.  Food doesn't all come out at once, which is totally fine by me but I know some people are weird about that.  I didn't expect to spend as much as I did- I honestly think I would have spent less if I had just gotten a jerk chicken wrap.  But all was well.  Very enjoyable, and I will come back again if I'm in the area.Hey really wanted to eat some great food! Planned it with friends to meet. When we got there it was closed.( 3 on a Saturday) No closed sign or anything . Probably should always call from now on to see if they are actually open. I could have been upset but live less than a mile away. What's up with that CoCo Hut?? I might be your new most regular customer. If you are open......   That was my first review
It looks like they redid the front of the place Co Co Hut is in. Now there are tables on the street and more activity. I managed to catch it open twice now and the food is wonderful .
I still think this is a more "on the fly" place that you duck into when u are super hungry and want some spice. Plates are generous no printed menus to speak of but they are friendly and will feed you well. Give it a shot... great Chef/Owner.I came here and tried the jerk salmon and cane juice first. I. Was. Hooked. It was amazingly delicious, juicy, and tender. The cane juice was out of this world! 
Mama is real nice, and when it comes to meat, I only eat halal so i went to ask her if she'll make me chicken if I brought her my own. She looked at me and showed me where she gets chicken from. She gets halal chicken!!! So I tried her chicken then and I felt like I hadn't had chicken before eating hers!!  It was really delicious!
The vibe is on point, the attitude is on point, the service is on point, and the food defines the point. Mmm so good!!!Coco  hut food was great.
The jerk chicken is perfectly season.
I order the jerk talpia and my  wife had the 
Jerk chicken . The location is about a 20 minute drive from the french quarters.Wow. I'm impressed. The cook clearly knows what she's doing here. And she's fun and excited. I have many things to still try here but the jerk chicken was phenomenal. And so was the cane juice. I highly recommend it. The place is small. The kitchen is in the same room as dining is. I would expect that the menu changes frequently and items come and go on different days. 
Cash only. Weird hours of operation.Had another great Red Snapper dish today. I have three of my friends hooked on this place. Haven't even tried the jerk chicken yet which they say is the best. What I love about this place is that everything is fresh even the ginger juice that she makes. Outstanding.The server on duty was nice, but other employees were not so much. My family is from the Virgin Islands, so the food was very mediocre, as I am used to Caribbean food. When I got to my room, the order was wrong, and they left my dumpling out. I guess that was my fault for not checking. Rice was just dry yellow rice, not the traditional rice and peas, and the cabbage was bland. I hate that it was a disappointment!Motha Natcha really knows how to cook up some authentic Jamaican food. She's owned her spot in this rasta nook of Esplanade for 16 years. Her dishes are straight forward: jerk or curry of whatever meat with rice and peas, cabbage, salad and plantains. My friend ordered the jerk shrimp ($13) and I got the jerk chicken ($11). You definitely get more for your money with the chicken. Both were delicious and cooked in Motha Natcha's homemade jerk. The mild is spicy so the hot is fire. I loved every bite of it. 
The food is made to order so don't show up right before closing or you're likely going to get whatever is left. The personalities in this shop are definitely part of the experience. Compared to Boswells I think the jerk here is better but I haven't tried their curries so that's still up for debate. 
There is a small shelf of products for sale.. Jerk sauces, seasonings etc. Parking right out front. Definitely a must-try if you want the real deal.Eh...not all that impressed. Got the curry goat and they straight tried the system. Barely any meat...got a bunch of fat and gristle. The yellow rice was bland...didn't seem authentic at all. Cabbage was okay; but only just okay. Jerk chicken could've been good; but was dried out. Seemed like they just heated up some leftovers and charged us for it.
All in all, if you want some real Jamaican food from New Orleans, go to Boswell's on Tulane...everything there taste so much better!Best food ever! I went in today and had the spicy Jamaica style tacos... my mouth is still burning. Shrimp were perfectly cooked, the lettuce was properly drained and that amazing sauce!  Definitely adding this into my regular rotation!Been here twice now and just don't understand the big deal. Small portions, not cheap, and not particularly good. A bit bland, even (I had the jerk chicken plate last). Have tried it twice now to check if it was a fluke the first time around, but no. Also, the bathroom is gross (and without (paper or other) towels) and there are flies everywhere, if you care about those types of things.
The weird thing is, both times I went there were no specials (which other reviews mention). I wonder if I really did pick the two worst days to go.loveddddd it! the fish wrap was amazing! it had just the right amount of everything in it! I work on the west bank and would make that trip to get that wrap againWanted to try CoCo Hut to compare it to another local Jamaican spot in the city. When I called to place my order a guy answered  but didn't know what sides were available. So a lady (guessing the owner) gets on the phone. She was completely rude!!!! The menu online didn't match what she was saying!! So don't believe the menu! Customer service means a lot to me so based on this I won't be trying the food!Primo's came out from Cali and we as a group decided to grab sum food from here. What caught my attention was the aromas coming out of the kitchen all those spices mix together .. we all ordered the chicken jerk plate mild and decided to grab sum really hot sauce on the side .. the colored green were good and so was the rice but what really hit it was the chicken and the hot sauce cane juice was also good n refreshingMy roommate recommend me visitng Coco Hut from when his parents took him a week earlier. I was eager to try authentic Jamaican food, and I was not let down. When me and my friends arrived the cook (who was extremely sweet) was finishing some jerked chicken that had just finished cooking.
While the food was a bit pricey (and they only had bottled water which didn't help) my girlfriend and I split an order of the Pasta Bayou Road which had salad and steamed cabbage on the side and four or five sliced plantains. We polished it off and our total with 2 waters was $14.
I've now returned a number of times and the head chef has recognized me each time and is extremely happy every time.
Definitely recommended.This is the perfect restaurant. The food is insanely good, the service is unique and amazing, if I had one meal left on earth it would be at Coco Hut.The best place to eat in New Orleans. I can eat here everyday and never get tired. When I'm sick her food is healing. She's magical and her food is too.I love Co Co Hut! The food is soooooo good. I have tried many Caribbean restaurants before an this by far is one of the best. I have had the jerk chicken plate which comes with cabbage, rice and peas, and salad, I have also had the jerk chicken poboy and both were dynamite. The best part of all is that the chef uses organic ingredients and makes everything from scratch even the Italian salad dressing. The chef also makes a very delicious fresh lime juice which has some secret ingredients such as ginger and mint and some other things she won't privy us to. Co Co Hut is a must try, you wil not be disappointed.This place is great! The food looks, tastes, and smells amazing! I get the spicy jerk shrimp plate! You'll be very full! I swear I think these seasonings have healing properties! The people working there are very nice, it's a good vibe in there! Thanks coco hut!The food is so good but the lady is VERYYYYYY rude and it's not even on purpose that's just who she is...they close whenever the feel like it it's crazy that this place is still open... good food they just need a better owner it's a mess there ...oh and she cooks super slow and one thing at a timeAmazing food!!! Great staff & service. Food was very fresh and seasoned to perfection.Great food, Great service will recommend. One of the best Caribbean restaurants in the city,coco hut is real-deal caribbean food on bayou.  everything is very unique and authentic.  the menu is not set, which i love because things are always changing.  the staff is incredibly nice and welcoming, and the cook is fantastic - she gets after it.  shit, she was even calling me her baby before i left.
i got the jerk chicken (mild) and it was phenomenal - tons of food, salad, rice, cabbage, and a small piece of fried pineapple bread.  it's really a fantastic deal for the amount of food you receive - hot and fresh.  i screwed up and didn't get the cane juice, but will make sure to get it next time.
there's nothing fancy - this place is laid back as you would expect a caribbean place to be.  i'll be visiting very often and highly recommend supporting this small local business.  once i get a chance to try the brown stewed chicken, i'm imagining they'll be getting that fifth star.First time trying Coco Hut and I will surely be back with friends. The spicy jerk shrimp wrap was so delicious. I also enjoyed the cabbage and carrot veggie mix. Definitely recommend!!Jerk shrimp salad hit the spot ! Ordered to go ! Was able to call ahead to place order .A really good tiny place to eat or take out.  We had the shrimp wrap and chicken jerk sandwich.   The wrap was filled with shrimp, rice and cheese.  The flavor was incredible.  Best wrap I have ever had.  The jerk chicken was flavorful.  You have choice of mild or spicy.  It is tiny space and menu on a board.   WeHow have I never stumbled upon this place?  Had lunch here today and the food was absolutely outstanding.  The food was cooked to perfection and complimented well by that friendly and engaging staff. I can't wait to go back.CoCo Hut is a hidden gem in the neighborhood. Though it took me a year to get there, I can promise I will be tempted each time I see that grill going outside. 
Even the rice is worth just getting a bowl. I literally licked my fingers after eating the bbq shrimp, which was Jamaican style bbq bursting with flavors. Having the cabbage there balanced out the spice perfectly. 
If you stay long enough you will simply become part of the family and feel transported to the comfort and warmth of the islands.Amazing food. Friendly, responsive staff who remembered me on my second visit. My only complaint is that they aren't open at night. Because heck, friend, when I got a hankering for that jerk chicken I need that jerk chicken right now!!! For real though, they're pretty great.Hands down the most delicious jerk chicken plate in the New Orleans area! I highly recommend itThe worst establishment, I wouldn't waste my time even going especially without calling. They are never open at the times stated on yelp or even at the door. Horrible !I'm not sure where to start for Coco Hut. We had an Uber driver recommend us to come here. The menu is written on a whiteboard with no pricing so you're going in blind. There's a few tables in the restaurant and is very cramped. 
We ordered the jerk chicken po boy and bbq shrimp. Bbq shrimp came with a salad and cabbage. I didn't care for either side. Pass on the bbq shrimp as it was swimming in sauce. The rice ended up being soggy which was unappealing. 
The jerk chicken Poboy saved the day. It was flavorful and packed with chicken. We ordered two drinks and our total came up to $33. Pricey. I'd pass on this place.This was my first time coming to this place. And I must say, I'm forever hooked. I ordered the spicy Jerk Chicken Burger, and it was delicious! Very juicy. Plus the chicken was seasoned, and spiced to perfection. I was told,, that it was gonna be very spicy, and that's ok with me. I surely wasn't disappointed. A very nice neighborhood eatery that's surely not to be passed up on. Most definitely will be returning to this place!Absolutely loved this cute little gem in Treme. 
Owner was very kind and welcoming . 
We had jerk chicken ( mild) which is plenty hot .
It was fresh off the grill and came with rice and a delicious side salad that had homemade dressing. 
All of her meats are halal and she makes everything on site.When they say spicy, they mean spicy! I got the Jerk shrimp and it had a lot of flavors going on, and mind the spicy. They had a mild choice as well. 
Heads up, when I went on 10/13 they were cash only right nowSmall, hidden gem for great food and I love the cook!  It's small so I'd probably recommend take-out.  I had the vegetarian plate and it was so good!  The rice and peas were amazing and she asks how spicy you want it - really spicy!  I didn't like the cabbage it came with but I don't like cabbage.  I can't remember what drink the cook talked me into drinking but it was really good!  Fresh cane juice?  Mmm, can't wait to come back!We ordered the super yummy jerk chicken plate and po boy. The sides are rice, which was a bit dry, and a fermented salad. Plate was missing the plantains. The po boy came with the average restaurant fries. The jerk spices were divine! Would go back to try their other food items. Take out only for now and their hours vary so call before you go. Their menu is online. The hot sauce is SUPER hot! You've been warned!
#ThankYouThursday #yelploveI ordered the spicy jerk chicken and it was EXACTLY  that--SPISAYYYYY (spicy). The plate come with a salad and Spanish rice. Both are really good, but I'm here to tell y'all about the spicy jerk! The meat was so tender. Fall-off-the-bone, melt-in-your-mouth, perfectly seasoned, tender chicken! Although I highly recommend the chicken, the cashier told me that the jerk salmon was the best thing on the menu. I can't imagine anything would top the jerk chicken, so I will be back to see for myself. 
They have one outside table to sit at, and maybe 3 or 4 tables on the inside. It's a tiny/tight spot, that could use some updated design. The owner is behind the counter cooking as you order, and you can see the magic happening! I dined in with a friend, and we waited less than 20 minutes on the food. 
Bonus: order the hibiscus juice! the juice is freshly made and garnished with a mint! Very refreshing!My boyfriend took me here one day as he was "craving" jerk chicken. He has been several times before but I have stayed away since I lived in New York for a few years and know it will be hard to find Jamaican food like that down here in the south. 
I decided to get the "Caribbean fried chicken" and LOVED it! The cook is so sweet and very welcoming. She asked me if I wanted it spicy, I LOVE spicy food and next time I think I will tell her to do it spicer because it wasn't that hot to me, more sweet. The only thing I didn't like was the cabbage that came on the plate, it had no flavor and the prices are a lil' high. We payed $23 total and no drinks included in that price.
The next day they were serving goat meat so he dragged me over there so he can get some, I didn't try it but he loved it. Great food and can't wait to go back.I came with a friend on a Friday evening to enjoy some Jamaican food for our first time. I wasn't so sure what to expect from this place, but I heard really good things about their Spicy Jerk Chicken! This place is super tiny with some tables inside and some outside. My friend and I were happily greeted by a waitress named Britney. I expected to be given menus, but Britney tells us that the menus are outside and points to them. They were on three large white boards leaning outside written with colorful markers. This definitely shocked me, but I love me a good hole-in-the-wall! After looking through the many options they offered, we ordered the Spicy Jerk Chicken Plate, Spicy Jamaican Fried Chicken (Made into a plate instead of just with fries), and Hibiscus Tea. 
My friend and I chose a outdoor table and noticed the were placed on a slope, so the table was slanted downwards towards the street. We got our drinks and our food came not too long afterwards. I'm not sure how to describe their Hibiscus Tea, but it was different and delicious! It was cooling, sweet, and had a slight spicy kick at the back of your throat after swallowing. Both plates were really good! Why has this been missing from my life for so long?! They were both similar dishes, but the Jamaican Fried Chicken was a bit less spicy and had more crispy skin. The spice level was a nice medium spice that my friend and I enjoyed. Gave us some sniffles, but nothing too crazy. In the middle of our dining experience, we had a small mishap and spilled some of our drinks. Britney quickly came to our rescue and moved us a clean table. We thought we would be taking half of the food home, but we actually finished everything! It was that good! 
After our meal, we walked inside to get settled out and I met the chef. The chef was such a happy lady and I just had to ask how long they were here, since I had only recently found out about this place. This place has been here for 18 years! Unbelievable! She asked about how spicy was our dishes and I said that it was good level of spice, nothing too crazy. She told me that she made our dishes mild because the spicy level makes some people cry! She might have saved our lives and experiences, but I will definitely be back to see this spicy level for myself!
Overall, this place has won my heart over and made a great impression for Jamaican food for me! This place is tiny, so don't come with a huge group. Can't wait for my next visit to try their Homemade Cane Juice and other food dishes!I have lived in NOLA for about a year now and I honesty think CoCo Hut is the best dining experience I have had in the city. I felt more like I was inside a kitchen getting a hot plate and not a restaurant. (That's a complement.) Went in for lunch with my friends and there was everyone from cops, Rastafarians and hipsters getting a bite to eat. But no one escaped being called "baby" from the owner/chef. She really enjoys her restaurant and cooking. And makes her guests feel welcomed in an organic way other eateries never could. The jerk chicken was fantastic and the sides were satisfying as well. I loved the plantains and I usually hate plantains. For a lunch spot on bayou street you might think the $11-$15 dollar price for an meal is steep. Until it hits your pallet. In a city full of over priced, over glorified eats. Coco hut is a gem and a bargain.Located on Bayou, aka "Black Wall Street" because of all the local black-owned businesses on this road, Coco Hut is acclaimed for it's authentic Caribbean food. The owner's husband told me so himself, haha. 
I got the jerk chicken, spicy. It was a good kick and I definitely needed to continue sipping my fresh lime juice (delicious, if a little too sweet). The chicken came with rice and black-eyed peas, cabbage, and a salad. My friend got the same thing except mild, which to me didn't taste like it had any spice at all. I do agree that the portions could be larger for the price (about $10 per styrofoam plate).
The decor is great. The owners are Rastafarian and the wall hangings, pictures, and decoupage on the tables all reflect that (also the reggae that plays quietly in the background).OMG I LOVE EVERYTHING THAT SHE MAKES!! Everything is seasoned so perfectly and authentically made! This is my favorite restaurant! My favorite is the cane sugar juice and the jerk salmon and shrimp!Love their jerk chicken. It's a little spot on bayou rd and so underrated. Definitely check it out and get oxtail or jerk chicken.LAWWWWDDD....Cocohut will take you from out the ghetto (because it IS in the heart of the hood, well on the "cultured" Bayou Rd.) and place you in "de Yard, Mon!" LOL. I LOVE EVERYTHING ON THE MENU! Just go, NOW, Eat, ENJOY!They're rude, customer service is very lackluster and the food isn't that good. I've given them several tries.Food was just okay, especially since I had to go to the atm they told me about, only for it to not work. Then to cross over Broad St for Chase bank atm, which was a mad house. The food was t that good to run around the way I did. Very disappointedNow, I'm not a big fan of Caribbean food, but this place was absolutely delicious! Yes, it's a little hole in the wall, but generally, that's where the best food comes from. The person inside was sooooo friendly! I can't wait to be able to go there again.