Good quality coffee.  Breakfast on the weekends is delish too.  Our go to every time we go to New Orleans. It has been hard finding a good coffee roaster shop ever since moving from San Diego, Ca.  Your unique coffee and atmosphere makes us feel at home because we value uniqueness and quality. Thank you.While visiting family in Algiers point, we noticed this shop getting ready to open and I made a mental note to return. Next time we made a trip, they were closed. Again I made a mental note. Today my schedule allowed me to stop by with my young son. The cappuccino was excellent. I'm not saying, "Oh I like Starbucks, and this seemed similar" excellent... I mean, "I've made a point to visit famous coffee houses on business trips, like Intelligensia in Chicago, and I'm often disappointed because I can make as good or better espresso at home."
I'd say it's the best cappuccino I've ever had, but it's not. The best cappuccino I ever had was in Spain. My wife says I sound like a snob saying this, but I'm sure the owners will appreciate the compliment. I'm never going back to Spain. This cappuccino is definitely 2nd best. However, I may have gotten them on a bad day, and I wouldn't be surprised if next time I'm in, the 1st place memory is ousted.
Besides from the excellent coffee, one of the four owners was gracious enough to show my son the roasting machine. Almost all of it was above my kid's head, but he LOVED being allowed to press buttons on a huge machine. This is obviously their passion.
It really made our day. We'll be back soon. Thank you!Two things stood out to me with Congregation. One, they offer their beans in a variety of sizes. For someone out of town and visiting, the 4oz bag was the perfect price and size. I haven't seen something like this at any other coffee shop, and I really appreciated it. 
Second, the place was pretty kid friendly, something I'm not used to seeing with Third Wave coffee shops. They had a kids area and the bathroom was equipped with a hip changing table, diapers, and wipes. I've rarely seen such a commitment to helping folks with kids and babies feel comfortable. Much appreciated.I've been getting biweekly shipments of whole bean Congregation Coffee for a few months but was thrilled to visit their brick and mortar store. A little out of the way from my home in Gentilly, but it's well worth seeking out. A beautiful little shop in a picturesque neighborhood, soft natural light, beautiful wood counters, and a laid back super friendly vibe. My ham and cheese croissant was huge and delicious. They had two brews of the day at different price points and the barista was eager to let me know about the menu. Can't recommend this spot esough for a cozy coffee spot.4/5 sunny and friendly
i'm not sure why, but this coffee shop/roaster occupies my imagination. i find myself thinking about when i may find myself across the river again and whether i should wander towards the point to potentially come into proximity for an iced coffee here. i stumbled in one weekend and it was quiet and bright, perfect for knocking out a quick project at the long table. i didn't try food this day, but they were offering what seemed to be an ambitious brisket sammy w/ chimichurri, so it's a serious kitchen. 
i think they have super cute merchandise, especially that pastel-y green alligator mug! so clever. they also roast frequently as they as a small operation, but that's great because it means it's all fresh. 
there are little nooks and toys for the kiddos. the thing that probably got me the most about all this was the little diaper station in the restroom - with diapers! i assume that's there for parents who may have forgotten one, and it's just such a nice gesture that says, "hey community, come on in!"Delicious coffee and housemade boudin. Docked one star for unfriendly service. A smile wouldn't kill anyone.BEST ESPRESSO IN NEW ORLEANS. PERIOD. Yes, the caps were necessary. I feel this strongly about their quality product. And I can't express how thrilled I am that it's located just blocks from my home! Normally, I'd have to travel to HiVolt or a rando Starbucks. But now that I've tasted the bliss served up at Congregation I will no longer need to waste gas for a great latte - yes, I'm basic and proud. Voted best NOLA neighborhood now has best coffee joint. 'Bout damn time.Super cute industrial setting in the chill Algiers district.  Friendly staff and perhaps the best espresso drinks in NOLA.  Worth the trip from any other part of town!Aside from having amazing coffee, it's a great spot to go with kids because their bathroom is completely equipped for diaper changing or for potty training kids and they have a spot children to play with games and chalkCoffee is quite good, and the toasts were delicious. Vibe was good, staff was nice, and this is a welcome addition to the neighborhood!   I'd give more stars, but it was uncomfortably HOT in there. Adequate AC is needed, please!!!Food was great, atmosphere was great, coffee was strong, and the young lady taking orders was extremely rude & unfriendly...when she wasn't glued to her phone at the counter. Two other guys there were great and friendly. 
Great atmosphere for kids.Incredible baked goods and incredible coffee. The latte is probably the smoothest I've ever had. The atmosphere is kid-friendly, community-focused, and just the right balance of hip and homey. Great service, lots of fun, and well worth a trip to the Westbank and the beautiful Algiers Point.Amazing coffee. The best I've had in a very long time. And in real porcelain and silverware, not disposable cups. This might be the best coffee shop I've ever been in, and I've worked in coffee shops. 100% recommend.Best latte I've ever had! Located in an adorable neighborhood steps from the Algiers Point Ferry. Congregation Coffee Roasters is a must try!The best coffee shop on the Westbank by far. Maybe the best in the city. The coffee and food are great.Fantastic little coffee shop in quiet Algiers point. Some friends and I were staying a few blocks away for about a week and we came here almost every day. They have great products and the interior is so cozy and cute. Owner/manager is very personable.GOOD latte. 
Beautiful space. Beautiful merchandise, too--I had to resist buying a $16 mug.
I was heartbroken that there was no blueberry lavender honey pie today. But I'll be back whenever I'm in the area.Great location. The decor is a perfect fit for the historic architecture. The Kenya coffee is superb. I like the long table for hanging out is also where they are processing coffee roasted right on the premisesWas excited to see this place open. Nice atmosphere and excellent coffee.  Happy to have this in the Point.  I will be back.Great coffee and pastries in a cozy and very functional space run by great people. Nice simple touches such as a blackboard and kids seating area or the fancy diaper changing table in the bathroom show the attention to detail present in everything these people do. Exactly what this neighborhood needed.
The curried cauliflower sardine salad i had today was one of the best things I ever ate as an adult. Ever! Anywhere!
Other food highlights: the Boudainwhich, crispy rice pudding, superfresh croissants, the tartines and the breakfast grits ham and collard greens dish.
Each batch of coffee they roast is tested and the perfect balance is found through countless  tastings. And they are more than happy to show the intricacies of their roasting machine to those interested. The results in the form of espresso drinks or brewed coffee are simply amazing.
Disclaimer: having my own drawer in the place, labeled with my name, has in now way affected the objectivity of my review ;-)When i think of a Coffee House , I think of a gathering place with a neighborhood feel . A place to people watch and enjoy a specialty coffee and maybe a bite to eat. All too often people settle for a Starbucks along a major road and lose that true sense of a neighborhood coffee shop. 
Recently i paid a visit to Congregation Coffee on Algiers Point. Gotta tell ya i love this place ! Great service and reasonably priced quality coffees and espressos. I visited Coffee Houses in Seattle that could learn a thing or two from this place. Great attention to detail, pride in the product they offer as well.  Algiers Point has become youthful and vibrant and you can tell that watching people passing by the store
So next time you are in Algiers, look these guys up. You will be happy you didOrdered the Ice Tea. The tea was phenomenal, and you can watch them process their coffee as you're chillin' inside. Inside is modern and hip, outside the building almost blends in with the houses in the area. One thing I do have to note, it's really hot in there I wouldn't be able to sit in there too long. Almost like a dry sauna in there. But, the quality of drinks is great.Came by one day when it was still under construction. Met the owner Elliott, stand up guy that hooked us up with some of the best cold brew I've ever had. He let us try some of his freshly roasted beans, they rocked!! If you go here and don't give it 5 stars, go back to starbucks and sip that burnt swill covered in caramel, hopefully while you rethink your life choices:)They roast their own beans, locally source all pastries and snacks, and are located in a really cool neighborhood. Small business at its best! I love the Rwanda and Highwalk roasts.Excellent coffee! What's really neat is the Probat roaster hanging out in the corner behind the bar with the bags of green coffee beans. Well done from the feel walking in the door to the finished product. really cool place ideally located in Algiers point. A short walk to the ferry.3 stars with some room for improvement.
This place literally just opened about two weeks ago, so I appreciate that they are still trying to figure things out. I stopped in here for an iced coffee, after seeing some mumbles about this place online. The shop itself is really cute, if not easy to miss. Yes, I walked past it twice because I'm not super familiar with the area and it kind of blends in with the rest of the buildings.
The atmosphere is nothing to speak of- there are a few tables and chairs that don't really do much for me (my table was wobbly and I almost spilled my drink when I sat down) and a "family style" table on the side with a lot of seating. The staff is really friendly and welcomed me when I walked in, but I have two major complaints. First of all, before I even walked in I could hear the music blaring from inside. Once inside, there was loud rock music playing- not what I was expecting and I didn't like that at all. I go to coffee shops to relax and I just couldn't  relax with that music playing. My other complaint is the heat. I was here in the mid-afternoon and, because there are a lot of windows, the shop is quite warm. It was so warm that I eventually had to leave because the warmth of the shop coupled with the music was making me uncomfortable.
I wish they had more pastries or even sandwiches. The coffee was good, so I would probably stop in for some iced coffee to go, but I wouldn't stick around.Best iced Chai ever!  Could really taste all the spices but still fresh.  The staff was very friendly and relaxed. We live in Louisiana and visited Congregation for the very first time today.  Plan on stopping by again on our way home.  Also bought the green mug with the alligators on it; great collectible if coffee mugs are your thing.What's more important to you? Passionate owners? Friendly staff? Awesome atmosphere? Maybe just the coffee? Pastries need to be spot on? 
Well, good news. Congregation appears to have it all, in spades. 
It's also enjoyable to meet the roasters, look at the operation, and their open air store layout invites the questions and learning. It's rare and it's fun! 
The coffee is terrific too!Great addition to the neighborhood. Coffee roasted in house and it is delicious. I have tried several baked goods such as the best snickerdoodle and last weekend the blueberry lavender pie(I can not stop thinking about it). The owners are kind and welcoming; I look forward to frequent visits and having their fresh roasted coffee beans as a staple in my home.They roast their own beans. The coffee is smooth. Just rich enough. Very happy I opted for the large iced coffee now. And Algiers is a perfect quiet morning  escape from the touristy quarter. So glad we took the $2 ferry over and the local bar patrons told us to go here. Fantastic gem of a find.Great Kenya cold press coffee. A hidden Gem.  Great pastries to support the coffee. Interior is very modern and whole store is amazingly clean.  Do not let the exterior stop you from enjoying this amazing store.Nice little coffee shop in Algiers. They roast their own beans and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable.Just a notice to others: they are apparently closed after 10am now due to not having air conditioning?????
3 stars since they were closed and I didn't get to actually try their coffee.My husband likes to Google, "Hipster Coffee" for any place we travel to and then picks a few cafes to try that he thinks I will love. While I am reluctant to be categorized as a hipster, his picks are inevitably on point every time.
It was this process which brought us to Congregation Coffee. We were staying in downtown NOLA and took the ferry over to Algiers to check this place out. It is a short walk from the ferry terminal. When we walked in, the place was fairly busy for a Saturday morning. We were promptly greeted by a young lady working the register and a young man working the espresso bar. Both were very friendly and engaging. I got an iced coffee and my husband ordered an iced americano. I asked about vegan pasties/treats and was told they while they do sometimes have a bigger variety, on this particular day they just had a rice pudding which was vegan. While I would normally pass on rice pudding (had to suffer through a lot of mediocre rice pudding during late night visits to Jersey diners in my late 20s), both baristas were excited to recommend it, so I decided to give it a try. Our drinks were out in no time at all and the rice pudding was ready right after that.
The iced coffee was solid, although does not appear to be done in a "cold brew" style. My husband, a decaf drinker for health reasons, was pleased with his iced decaf americano. And the rice pudding was surprisingly good. Who knew?
We sat at a table outside in the sun and had a relaxing visit. If we lived in the neighborhood, I could easily imagine walking over any day I had some time to kill, getting a cup of coffee, sitting with a book, and having a lovely time.Great little coffee roaster and coffee house in Algiers Point.I heard that the coffee shop had boudin, really? I bought one of the BEST boudin links I have ever had! I have eaten much boudin throughout the state, both on the trail and off. The balance was terrific! Great flavor, spice, texture and overall quality. Oh, and the pickled cauliflower was a perfect accompaniment.Cute little coffee shop.  I took the ferry from New Orleans to Algiers Point.  I found this little gem and has some delicious coffee.I had a cortado and the grits bowl and both exceeded my expectations. Beans are roasted in-house and the barista was skillful in making my drink. The grits bowl is one of the few dishes I've eaten that I find myself craving because it was well-balanced and interesting.
Nice location, fair ambiance inside with some classics playing, and speedy service really we're the icing on the cake.
Definitely worth a try!Ahhhhhmazing! So excited to have a craft coffee spot on the westbank. First off, they have great hours; who opens at 7am on a Sunday...this place! The coffee is so smooth and tasty. They take their time to make the perfect coffee drink and it is clear they use high quality products. The space is also really cool. It's a large open space with communal seating and offers some outdoor seating as well. Wonderful addition; can't wait to return!We stumbled upon Congregation coffee while staying at the Eliza Jane hotel on Magazine St. this weekend, the hotel restaurant Couvant serves it.  Well, my husband & I loved it so much, we drove over to the Congregation coffee shop in Algiers and are SO glad we did!  The shop is in the cutest building with old stained glass windows. Algiers is adorable too...From the French quarter you can drive, Uber or take the ferry to Algiers, maybe 15-20 minutes - definately worth the trip!  The coffee shop is buzzing with locals & their pups in the morning.   We bought some beans and cold brew to take home to Memphis with us.  Love their cute logo mugs! Had to buy one :)  the folks running the shop are adorable.  Looking forward to making it my go to coffee shop while in NOLA!Easy place to miss if your looking for a sign. Located in Algiers Point , Congregation has pretty good espresso and Espresso beverages. Interior is kind of bare bones in decor , however coffee makes up for it.3 or 4 tables outside to enjoy your beverage of choice and good place to buy whole beans ground to order.My 3 year old loved the atmosphere here. We took a ferry from Canal St to Algiers and walked to this coffee shop. Mom and dad enjoyed the iced coffee while Our girl colored on the chalkboard. We each got a pastry. Snickerdoodle and Chocolate cookie were amazing, but the best was the cinnamon roll. Omg. It looked dry, but it was not. It was perfect and flaky and gooey. I will dream of it. Also, the shop was empty, so it was nice to sit and drink coffee while my daughter was happily playing. Also, the bathrooms were thoughtfully kid friendly! Step stool to the sink. Easy access to the soap that little arms can reach. It is a mom's sanctuary.This is yet another fantastic stop for specialty coffee lovers. We were very warmly welcomed by Josh, who previously worked at the NOLA Stumptown amongst many other roles in the coffee industry. It was great to chat to him and learn about his experiences and take on the NOLA coffee scene as it compares to different regions. This place offers fantastic coffee, and we were nicely gifted a free drink and a taste of their one-of-a-kind nitro sweet tea. We will absolutely be back.Ok so first off, this place is so cute and hip and stylish it feels like you're on Magazine. Don't go ordering some basic white girl drink here though, or the barista will totally embarass you (I know from personal experience) there are no flavored syrups, no pumpkin spice, and no venti caramel brulée syrupy sweet anything. All they serve is just straight old-school coffee, and it's totally delicious. Iced, hot, cafe au lait, everything I've had from this place has been fantastic. There's outdoor seating and the ambiance/music inside is spot-on. There's also a small menu of pastries, toasts, and other baked stuff. All I've had from the menu was a baguette with herbed butter and gruyere, but it was totally great. Only thing they could improve would be customer service, there's just one barista that is consistently unfriendly, I'm not sure of her name but she is a definite debby-downer...The coffee was good but the service was great!! I just love friendly service! Steven (Stephen) was so friendly. He gave us info on the local houses and made my group of 5 feel at home in the establishment. My cafe au lait was delicious. I loved the little design in the foam. It's the little things the environment was quaint and inviting. A definite asset to Algiers.Super happy to find high quality coffee company in the Point. I came here for coffee when I found out Crown and Anchor didn't have any coffee. Delighted to find this spot.Did you know that a group of alligators is called a congregation? Well now you know! 
I love all things Algiers Point, because like most New Orleanians, I know that I live in the best neighborhood in the world. I'm excited to see a new business pop up here, especially one that we know can sustain itself by roasting beans for fancy coffee shops all over New Orleans (you can get a bag of Congregation Coffee lots of places, like Cochon Butcher in the Warehouse District. No need to even cross the river if you don't want to!). 
Here's the rundown:
Pretty basic menu. You can get coffee in whatever format you choose for the most part (I hear their espresso is great), but I'm a plain coffee, black, kind of girl, so I can't speak for much of that. They've got a few cookies and usually some basic sandwiches, but not necessarily a place to go for a large sit-down meal. Honestly though, that's even better to me. Algiers Point has a fairly full-service brunch/lunch spot/cafe, and I'm glad that the two businesses serve different purposes. Prices were reasonable, location is comfortable, and when I spent a day working from here recently the WiFi was reliable.Awesome coffee in a lovely neighborhood spot. 
For weekday breakfasts, they have biscuits (plain/cheddar, brisket, or ham and cheese), vegetarian focaccia, ham and egg quiche. They will heat these up for you. The plain/cheese biscuit is flaky and delicious.
Free refill for house coffee. WiFi available. All in all, cozy.This unassuming coffee shop in Algiers Point is a great escape from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. Take a second, kick up your feet, and enjoy a delicious savory pastry and some really excellent coffee. The real star of the show is their mugs which are well made and just look great. Well worth the visit!Amazing coffee and great customer service! We found this gem within walking distance from our Airbnb in Algiers. I tried a latte with almond milk and it was delish! They were offering day-old muffins for a discount, so I tried a banana one and it was yummy, as well! Really cute space in an old building!Natural processed cold brewed Peruvian was fabulous.  We were there with our daughter (she drank milk and fresh lemonade) and relaxed, wrote, and drew to the smell of fresh roasted coffee.  Perfect way to spend an afternoon.This is a cool place. The coffee is great, the atmosphere is fun and the staff are friendly, especially Ellen. We're staying down in this area for three nights, we'll be back.It would have gotten more stars if our coffee cups wouldn't have dripped the entire time we drank from them. As a whole, they had fine coffee. But I really liked my apple turnover the best. Eh.Stopped in for a break from the sun. Really enjoyed the aesthetic and the iced tea. 
Very child friendly including kid friendly bathroom accommodations and chalkboard. 
The WiFi worked well and the atmosphere was quiet enough for studying or working.Roasted in house by the owner himself. Young, nice guy. Good energy. Patient in circumstance. Helpful in recommendations. His place is comfortable and inviting. Now for the coffee part... several choices of home roasted beans. They have everything from bold with nutty notes to smooth with sweet undertones and can customize anything. We are coffee snobs and found Congregation all the way from Dallas. It certainly did not disappoint and will always come back here on our weekenders.Coffe is wonderful.It's so unfriendly. I don't know what they're trying to achieve. The staff that I have encountered on the many times I have come are extremely aloof, unapproachable, Not forthcoming with any information. This is the reason they get 2 stars.I love some good local coffee, probably more than the average Joe. This place exceeded my expectations as far as taste was concerned -- I was in the mood for a dirty chai, and damn if this isnt the  best one I've had; I'm sure I said something similar about another local shop, but this specific chai was so balanced I could hardly make myself drink it slow. No idea where the rum raisin cinnamon roll came from, but even at room temp it was soft and yummy and choc full of raisins that tasted like they had definitely been soaked in rum! Cant wait to make this a regular hiding spot for reading and writing, and to purchase some yummy bags of beans! Made with love, best in the city bar far!I finally made my way over to Algiers Point over the weekend. I have been wanting to try this place for a long time. 
*Note that due to the pandemic, they changed their hours from 8am-1pm.*
I just barely made it - getting there about 12:30 last Saturday.
Also, due to the pandemic, they do not allow inside seating. There is a walk up counter right at the door and then they give you your drink at a counter at the other door. There are a few tables outside you can sit at. 
I got an iced latte. It was very good. 
If i'm in the area again, I will definitely come back here!Take out only currently. Coffee decent. Staff monosyllabic. Not serving food today. Bagel stale, tepidly "toasted" at best. No cream cheese at all. The menu on the Facebook page looked tasty, so maybe I'll call ahead one day and try again.Hottest new business on the Point!  Proprietors, Eliot & Ian, coffee roasters for some of the best restaurants in NOLA, are now making their fresh on-site roasted coffee available to us, the coffee-loving public, by the cup or whole bean, in this awesome little shop at the corner of Pelican & Seguin, just two blocks off the Canal Street ferry.  
Coffee, tea, espresso drinks, pasties and coffee-related souvenirs, all served up by the friendliest staff in town!I love Congregation Coffee. While I have never been to their storefront in person, I have ordered their coffee and merchandise via their website! 
I highly recommend their green mugs IF you can get your hands on one. 
This order you see here is a limited edition shirt with artwork on the back. It is really cute and soft! 
I love their Ethiopia coffee-I order my beans whole, although you can request them ground in several ways. This is a wonderful coffee that has the right proportion of sweet and bitter. I enjoy it black, or with a little milk depending on the mood. This is becoming a house staple.
Their Alto Cold Brew is wonderful too. I think it is the best cold brew I have made so far at home, but is perfectly packaged for travel. 
I love their Instagram as well-they are active on social media and I regularly enjoy their updates. Check them out!Cutest spot in Algiers. Went there for a brunch pop up with chef Mac. That biscuit was delicious. My kids love their carrot cake.I don't usually drink coffee, but the flavor of their coffee was probably the smoothest and tastiest I've had.  The food here is really delicious.  I love the boudin and the grits and greens were fantastic.  Every other thing I've ever gotten from there has also been very good. The prices feel reasonable for the great quality you are getting.In a city renowned for rich dark coffee and relaxed ambiance, Congregation Coffee is a remarkable spot.
The shop alone is worth a visit.  Staff is accommodating, space is casual, & food is fantastic.  They have small-plate brunch and lunch items on weekends, with outdoor seating.
Additionally, they are the exclusive coffee roaster for many of the best restaurants in the city.  They offer bags of small-batch roasted coffee as well as cute merchandise.
Best coffee roasting & shop on The Point, arguably in New Orleans!A BREATH OF FRESH AIR to an area that was a bit too quiet for my liking.... 
On one of our last days in New Orleans, we decided to leave the areas we have already gotten to know (and love), and explore something completely different. We crossed the Mississippi via the Ferry and explore Algiers (15th Ward of New Orleans)... 
We never heard much about Algiers, we came with no plan of "what to do" and "what to see"... I'd be lying if I didn't say I was a bit bored. Walking up and down a few different streets we did see some stuff of interest like Rose Tree Glass Blowing Studio and the Mississippi River Trail but it was most pleasant when we caught a whiff of fresh coffee in the air. 
Congregation appears to be inside of an old home... The inside is very open and the staff seemed to be quite focused on packaging bags of coffee. And of course they did have a service counter too. 
I had a large cup of their Iced Coffee... strong, just as I like it.