Our food was just okay I had the chicken sandwich and fries.  I ended up leaving my bin and fries.  $13 for a piece of chicken.Great Bloody Mary!   If you like these at all, try theirs.  Good po boy.  Great catfish.  They served us pretty late and were all every polite.  I've seen the service be a little slow in there but not the worst I've ever seen.  Give it a try!The worst meal we have had in the 30+ years we have been visiting this lovely city!!
No oysters at 7:30pm on Tues night - cold pasta & chicken alfredo & Crawfish NOT purged/cleaned!! Tim was very disappointed.Not great...would have been one star, except our waitress was good.  My food was clearly made way before I ordered it and might have been microwaved, but it wasn't warm so I am not sure.  They brought a horrible loaf of bread. lt really would have been better if they skipped it.People... seriously? You need to review a place for what it is. This isn't brunch at the Ritz; it's a hole in the wall breakfast joint/fried food spot. 
You will get in and out of this place as fast or slowly as you'd like. You should also appreciate that things tend to move a bit slower in this city, so why not calm down and take it all in... why must we always be in a rush to get to the next place? Enjoy the moment you're in and take it for what it is and you will not be disappointed by this place. New Orleans is also not exactly known for being quiet so, if the noise of the street blows through the open windows with a breeze or there's a tv or 2 on this really shouldn't bother you.
The breakfast is nothing fancy but it's delicious! The servers are friendly and the bloody mary's are perfect! I often wake up in Atlanta wishing I was back at home to have one.This was was the BOMB! I had the blackened shrimp nachos, the game day platter and this drink called the Voodoo Brew. Our waitress Angie had so much energy and was so fun - all of the other staff was incredibly friendly, attentive, and really got out party started. Other people in my party ordered the gumbolaya and I tried it and it was delicious. Definitely going to head back here again soon!Stopped here a couple times, just passing by.
First time was just to kill time before a tour. Went in to refill on the alcohol. Bartender was a gentlemen, very proper. I can't recall the last time I was treated by an actual bartender as opposed to just an employee tending the alcohol. Bartender Etiquette is nearly lost!
But not here. Too bad I forgot to take his name.
Second time, we were out in the French Quarter, got late on us, and if you haven't already noticed, EVERYTHING except for over-crowded Bourbon St is closed! We were starving and wanted a place to have a meal (not some quick fried chicken, which i wrote a review about as well). This place was open! Forget what time they close, but when we arrived, I didn't realize they were close to closing! We didn't get any stares or bad service. I didn't realize they were closing until it was time to go and the door had to be opened for us. LOVED that I wasn't rushed or FELT rushed. Love it! 
No particular reason as to why I didn't give them the 5th star. That 5th star is saved for over the top impressions. I didn't spend enough time here or come often enough to give it that trial.
We had the Alligator here and I have to say, this is where I preferred it. The mustard sauce is a little heavy on the plain 'ol mustard flavor, but I didn't mind it as much as the bf (he doesn't like mustard). 
Oh, yeah, one thing, do NOT order the oyster shot. That thing was terrible. And I love Oysters. And I love me some bloody mary mix. This shot was very reminiscent of a bloody mary mix and it was terribly executed. They HAVE to improve that recipe. Oyster House needs a strong Oyster Shot! ---then name it the MG Oyster Shot. Because i gave them the idea. ^_^ (hey worth the shot)Had to wait 20 mins, while there were 7 free tables, not reserved. We left because the host completely ignored us. Other friends, who stayed behind, said the service was terrible.The Sampler is $20 but two people can easily split it and have a great taste of NOLA cuisine. Bartender was super nice. Great atmosphere!!  Also, the Gumbalaya is really good!!!Our waitress, Angie, was gracious and friendly, and so helpful. The wait staff makes me want to return again! If only every waitress in the french quarter was as sweet as she is. Will return for her!I wanted to go to café du monde, but the damn line was down the street, and it was raining. Since I had come in to New Orleans, I had wanted to try some oysters. There was another oyster bar not far that I had wanted to go to more, but I had a hungry fiancé, who becomes increasingly impatient and cranky when he's hungry, so we opted for them instead of the further walk. Next time though! I had the fried oyster platter, I thought for $17 it was too expensive for 6 oysters and fries. My fiancé had a smoked sausage po boy. That was pretty good, never had something like that, and it defiantly had an interesting taste. I don't think I'll go again just because there are so many good restaraunts to try.The food looked good but the service horrendous.
It took several minutes to get seated with a party of six because there was no host or hostess at their station
Once seated it was several minutes before our waiter even showed up.
We wanted only appetizers and small plates but we noticed that several smaller party's of two and four and five which were seated after us were getting their food. We ordered beer and I ordered an oyster shooter and it took several minutes more than I thought to get our drink order. All of this was occurring as the establishment was beginning to clear out after what appeared to be the lunch crowd. 
and so after 30 minutes  of waiting after we ordered in which many of the groups seated after us were not only eating their food but finishing up. And waiting about a hour after the crowd had left We decided to cancel our order with Lester and all he did was promptly provide us our bill. In fact this was the only thing he was prompt at.
 There was no manager to complain to and when we cancelled our order we promptly paid for our drinks in which I never got the oyster shooter.
With so many good eating establishments in New Orleans this one should just go away if this is the type of service they provide.We came here a few years ago and had some delicious hurricanes and amazing Oysters. This time all I got was food poisoning. I ordered a po boy sandwich as 10pm and the shrimp must have been sitting out all day. I was up at 12:30am with the sweats, the chills and sever vomiting. NEVER AGAIN. Booh Corner Oyster House, Booh!Avoid this place at all costs. Food mediocre and kitchen ridiculously slow. We stopped in for a "quick" lunch. Stuffed crab cake was ice cold in the center. Not cool. Ice cold. Guess they didn't microwave it long enough. Lesson learned : never stop without checking Yelp.This place is disgusting.  Terrible food and the rudest manager I have ever encountered in 56 years.Stay away!  My family and I ate at this overpriced restaurant because the location was convenient.  The food is overpriced and lack luster but worst of all I got food poisoning!  Yup,  threw up the entire four hour drive home.  I will never make that mistake again. (And I know it was them as this was the only place I ate all day.)While waiting for the St Paddy's parade tonight we decided on an early dinner. Right on the corner and handy to the parade route was this place. (One star for location) First thing we noticed was it looked somewhat clean (for a New Orleans joint) and the music was not making the tables jump up and down by themselves. ( Second  star for being able to hear each other and carry on a conversation).
We asked for and did get a window seat. That was the best thing for the rest of stay. Wife ordered a beer. I ordered a Hurricane. That's what your suppose to order when in NOLA, right? Wrong, not here. I asked the waitress if it had alcohol and she assured me it did. Pretty sure it was dry. I asked her to take it back and make a new one. She came back with the same drink and said "we will need to charge you for a shot"". REALLY? Her excuse was that not all bartenders makes drinks the same way.  
Last time I checked a Hurricane usually has rum in it. I told her to take it back and ordered a margarita. How bad could that be? I think it came straight from the mix bottle from Wynn Dixie. I gave up on that and we ordered an appetizer. Shrimp Nachos. Pretty easy, right? Twenty five minutes later we get a plate with not only Cheese-Wiz but COLD cheese wiz and some of the smallest shrimp I've seen in a long time. About another twenty minutes and our Crawfish Po-Boy finally shows up. Okay, I'm a northener and maybe not the best judge of Po-Boys, but I don't think they are all like this one was. A cold and very stale-dry over sized hot dog roll, no dressing, a small amount of shredded lettuce, two thin tomato slices, a hand full of pickels and some warm crawfish tails with no dressing. Very dry sandwich,, no taste at all. Also included on the plate were frozen french fries. Utensils were not on the table, 
Both men's and ladies (so I was told) bathrooms were less than pleasant.
Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.My last day of New Orleans. A bittersweet moment. I was low on money, and my stomach was growling as I wandered the streets of the Quarter at around 8pm, reading through various menus of these wonderful restaurants sitting all throughout these streets. While most were nice, most were pricey. I didn't want any type of food neither too, no, I wanted something authentic. Something I wasn't able to have in Chicago. After a while, my desperation grew to tremendous new height that when I came across this establishment, the Corner Oyster House, I said to myself, 'whatever, I'm starving, I'll just go eat here'.
Good choice? Sure. Great choice? Probably not, but it's hard for me to judge. I wanted the seafood platter that they had on their menu, but unfortunately, they did not have enough crab that night to serve me. So I went for something else, this intriguing dish that I could not even pronounce (still can't pronounce), which was 'etouffee'. I love trying new things, so I thought it sounded great.
When it was finally served to me, my initial reaction was that it looked like gumbo, but the taste was far different. This was much richer in spices, and there was a lot more of this to eat rather than a little bowl; this was a full plate size! In my dish there were different types of meats and crawfish as well, mixed, or should I say 'smothered', in rice, that made out to be an all around delicious meal. Love me some seafood!
The interior of the restaurant was just your average everyday sports bar. I did like that the ceiling was filled with blankets/sheets of professional sports teams from across the nation. Also, when you go into the mens bathroom and take a leak in the urinal, you'll see a lovely photo of New Orleans' Saints' hero, Drew Brees, directly above it! How...interesting.
Really looking forward to coming back to any coastal state to get me more seafood, cause now, as a boy born and raised in the landlocked state that is Illinois, I am officially hooked on this type of food!Can only comment on the drinks as we just stopped in to rest our feet and have a morning cocktail. The irish coffee I had was passable, and the "voodoo brew" the waitress recommended for my companion, in her words, "tasted like college". Seating was crowded - kept getting bumped by passing wait staff and other patrons. It wasn't the worst experience I had visiting there, but I wouldn't seek this place out again.I had the seafood jumbalaya, and to be honest, it tasted JUST like boxed Zataran's jumbalaya. I wanted to be impressed, as it's my first time in NOLA, and this was my first spot. But it just didn't do it for me. ALSO, they totally skimped on the seafood in my jumbalaya and in my friend's gumbo! I literally had ONE shrimp in my dish! :(Not the best stop we've been to on our trip. Although we got seated right away, it took a long time to even get our drink order. Our drinks were practically empty by the time she came back to take our order. One time she came to refill ONE drink (we were a group of 5) my Gramma had to ask her to refill her coffee. My drink was almost empty but she ran off before I could ask for a refill. 
After another wait, she finally came with our orders. Everyone's except mine. Then she came back and said something about sausage ( I had ordered a breakfast sandwich) and she finally brought me a plate with only scrambled eggs, sausage, and chopped potatoes. No sandwich. And promptly left again. When she finally came back around my Gramma had to ask her for our desserts to go. She tried to run off but my Gramma stopped her to finish what we were trying to order. 
I wish I could say the food was good, but everyone at our table said it was very bland. And the red beans and rice nearly made her puke, and they said it tasted like Pine Sol. Then, of course, it took her forever to bring our change back.
We figured she thought if she made us wait long enough we would just leave and leave all of our change. 
Oh, and I never did get my sandwich.
I was only going to leave one star, but my cocktail drink to go was very good. So one star for that. 
Do not recommend this place.In the tourist area. No parking obviously. We got there before the crowd around 11:30 AM. They serve breakfast all day. It's a sports bar but all the tvs are on one side by the bar. They said they were short so it took an hour to get our food. It was quite warm in there but it was a hot day. Their AC may need updating. Specialty omelette with the rice was amazing!!!Twenty pirates walk in a bar was the highlight of our dining experience on Halloween night. I specifically went to this restaurant to get alligator which they were out of. They were also out of almost everything I wanted to order which was frustrating. 
What we did order was the char broiled oysters and shrimp. The oysters were fantastic and heavy in terms of cheese/butter but worth it while in New Orleans. The peel and eat shrimp were so so. 
Definitely a place that tourists might get stuck in which was us as well. Sadly, I can't say I'd visit again.Sad service, super slow on everything. Waitress looked like she was having a bad day... and she had to serve us. Do not recommend. :/Kathleen was our server. She gave us great advice on our food choices and she was right!  We loved it!  This might be our new favorite!2 and a half... Really?  This place has the best food. Period. Great service, great taste. What is everyone else, at a different place? Try it you'll like itZero stars: The absolute WORST food experience of our Essence Trip. The service was mediocre but the food was DISGUSTING! We waited 30 minutes just to have our order taken, then another 20+ to get the food. I had to send back my pizza after finding a HAIR IN IT! Top that with floaties in the water, and bloody tampons on the bathroom floor we left and never looked back.  My advice: Keep walking. Don't go in.We dropped in here for a quick bite after frolicking on Royal at a few art galleries. The food was great, but our waiter, Joshua, was better. He had amazing energy, kept us laughing, and had great opinions and suggestions on what to order. I ordered Gumbalaya, you guessed it Gumbo and Jambalaya. My girl ordered Catfish Decatur (? After a few glasses of wine earlier in the night, I think that's what she got lol)! 
I had been snacking in the galleries before we made it here, but even still we devoured our food, it was delicious! Add in a couple NOLA Blondes, and we were more than satisfied! 
Joshua was very attentive. He checked on us just often enough, and even left a cute note on our bill! I love love love a restaurant that has an infectiously happy and pleasant staff!We were in here on a Thursday night and our service was great, our waitress was awesome and gave some excellent recommendations. The food was ok for bar-type food. The Southern Belle drink was good. on Saturday night we came back to eat and be able to watch football. The place wasn't very busy. Our service was absolutely horrible. It took forever for us to have our drink orders taken and then way longer to get our drinks and all our waiter could do was blame the bartenders. Then our food took forever to come out and it wasn't even correct and one our individuals did not even get their food. We complained to the manager and he didn't even appear to care and he did nothing the entire evening but stand around. I would not recommend this place at all. The only reason I give 2 stars is because of the experience we had on Thursday.  Otherwise it would have been 1 star.Located right next to Jackson Square, this restaurant should be a great place...but it is not.   We waited for maybe 15 minutes before WE spotted a hostess (operative word WE).  It was like we were protected by an invisible shield!  Our waiter was very good...but overall the food was not anything to write home about.  The oyster po'boy was just ok, about 8-10 small ( and I mean SMALL) oysters, on a foot long French Roll, on a bed of fries.  The crab cakes were ok...but over cooked.  The Club sandwich....was really not inspiring...and consisted of a few shreds of processed meats.  Overall bill for a party of 4 was $50....just too much for this quality of food.Oyster Bloody Mary was great and so was the alligator bites. Service was decent. Worth the quick stop.We stopped by here while walking by and it was quite busy so we figured it would be a great place to try. 
There was about a 5 minute wait at 2:30 on a Wednesday afternoon. There were 3 of us. 
We started with a spinach artichoke dip which was awesome. It was priced at $13 and was topped with cheddar cheese and onions. It had a very unique taste and came with tortilla chips. 
For the entree I got a Jambalaya Omelette (since they served breakfast all day) and it came with toast and grits (no potato option because they ran out). The Omelette was too well done - otherwise maybe it would have been good. The toast was dry and cold and the grits were cold and bland. The price was $13
One person in my party got Shrimp Alfredo and he said it was really good. Plenty of shrimp and very creamy. The price was $17
The last person in my party got Crawfish Quesadillas and they were really good (I tasted one)!!! The price was $14
Add one Bloody Mary for $10 and our total bill was $74.37. Our waiter was Lester and he was great - friendly, helpful and attentive.
Visited December 2016Delicious food! If you can, sit at one of Karen's tablew, she did such an excellent job and was so friendly!  Definitely made the experience so worthwhile!We stopped in here with 8 of us in tow (3 were children) and were seated fast.  It took a while to get our waitress, but they were busy so that wasn't a surprise.  After that, Angie took excellent care of us.  The food was good, and the atmosphere added to the ambiance.Not flexible. Would not let me sub anything. Food was OK. Coke was flat. No waiting but I know why now.I'm not one to complain about restaurants and service.  However, this experience was absolutely wretched.  We went to Corner Oyster Bar & Grill on Saturday night around 8pm.  The host, a young man, was less than enthusiastic to seat us, but he did and was told our waitress was Joy.  Well....Joy walked past our table on no less than three occasions to let us know our table was next.  After several minutes, she did arrive and we placed our entire order...water, beer, and food.  She quickly wrote everything down and stated our drinks would arrive shortly.  THIRTY minutes later...we still had no drinks (not even water) and we noted that others who had been seated later than us and were served by others were being fed.  We tried to locate Joy but could not.  We left after telling the host whose response was "ummm, sorry."  DO NOT GO.  Or, if you do..do not be seated in Joy's section.   Terrible experience.  Just terrible.  If I could, this would get no stars.I stopped in to the Corner Oyster House on a recent trip to New Orleans with some friends.  Perfect location and a good place to stop in after wandering the French Quarter.  I ordered the Mardi Gras Pasta and it was very good but I wish the serving had been slightly larger. The restaurant is a quick in and out type of establishment and not the kind of place to have a long relaxing meal.  I wish all the table weren't so crammed in- it wasn't that busy when I went but it felt like I was constantly be brushed past by staff and other patrons.  I ordered a New Orleans Lady and while my drink was very tasty it was not very strong - I would not recommend as a place to get drinks.Hope you've read this before they've handed you one of their filthy menus.  Please walk away now, there is absolutely nothing good about this place.  The other reviews, the positive ones, those people were drunk, delusional, or both.  Four other people, on a holiday weekend no less, in the entire restaurant should have been our first clue. 
Even though the wait staff outnumbered us three to one, it took almost an hour to get breakfast for two. We had to flag down our server to get any other attention, even the bill took forever.  There appeared to be what might have been a manager.  He mostly sat on his big fat rump and scowled.  At one point when a phone call came in for him, he was absolutely rude and dismissive to the employee who was simply the messenger.
.  Our food was awful.  The condiments on the table were so filthy I had second thoughts about picking them up to try to add some flavor to this terrible food.  After almost an hour wait we were famished or would have probably sent the whole mess back and walked out.
We had the chance to walk by again later in the day.  A couple was outside looking at the menu, but before I could warn them they had the good sense to walk away. 
So, hope you read this before you even consider dining there.  There are so many other places, even the mediocre ones have got to be better than The Oyster House.These reviewers are idiots - this is why yelp needs some type of 'review-school'.  Reviewing a place as one star because they couldn't get seated?  Reviewing a place as one star saying they wouldn't eat here but only had drinks?  Unreal.
First off, their BLOODY MARYS are AMAZING.  I thought it was luck, but we went back the very next day, they tasted just as good.  They use this old bay spice around the rim that adds a certain something to the drink.
Secondly, it became one of our favorite breakfast spots in the French Quarter.  I had the eggs and hashbrowns both times.  We sat by the open window and had our bloody mary and breakfast before we started the day walking around.
If you are in New Orleans, I would highly recommend both the Bloody Mary and breakfast.... and if you are like us, both at the same time.this is absolutely the worst resturant i have ever been to. no one knows how to do their job, the food, although reasonably priced, was so bad. there didn't seem to be any sort of management or sense of urgency in this place. took the waiter 3 times to get my very simple order right, we literally ordered eggs and toast and were here for over an hour and a half. honestly this place ruined my whole trip to new orleansThis place is extremely unhygienic and unprofessional. One should stay away from this. We went there today for brunch. Our table was getting water splash on us and table from the air conditioner and dirty walls. We told the owner, he said sorry we can't do much as all the tables were taken but then he then kept sitting new people.Gumbalaya...no, that's not a typo...that's the fabulous plate of welcome to New Orleans I had that places a lovely island of jumbalaya in a moat of gumbo, so you get the best of two of NOLA's famous dishes!If you just need drinks, stop here.  They are reasonably priced and a good place to cool off, but do NOT eat at this establishment.  I've been here twice (once because we had kids and they wanted pizza, and another because friends decided to eat dinner here against my wishes).  Both times pizza was ordered it was burnt and not good.  The others had different dishes and I tried a little of others, but decided to wait to eat later.  Just not a place to eat with all the other choices in New Orleans.Quick pit stop. Gumbo was good, not great. Service was friendly. Ask for the salad dressing on the side, a bit soupy.We stopped in here because it was raining and didn't feel like walking too far for food, even though we saw yelp rated it 1.5 stars. I have to agree with the reviewers about their food. Jambalaya was disgusting, tasted like pure tomato sauce! shrimp po boy didn't come with any sauce at all very dry and not unique. It was just fried shrimp on bread. Fried catfish was good I got to say not bland at all I would order this again IF I ever step foot in this restaurant (and I wouldn't). I also liked the blackened shrimp nachos but didn't have enough shrimp and was a bit salty.Had to walk out. Was sat quickly and given a drink, but the waitress never came back. The place wasn't busy and nobody else had food on their table. Great location, but there needs to be some training for the server staff.Walking in the Quarter and wanted something quick and good with a drink. 
I got better than that.
Good/Strong drink.
Friendly service at the bar.
Bartender worked around my lap-band surgery needs with my meal.
Food was really good for bar food.
A homeless person walked in and stood at the bar and when if "Veteran's get a free drink on the 4th of July?" The waitress politely said, "No Sir, we don't do that." and smiled. I said, "Get him any drink he wants and any Po Boy and put it on my bill." The bartender smiled and took his order and treated him with extra kindness and respect.
Classy move Corner Oyster Bar .... It would have been easy to get a to go cup and styrofoam box and push him out the door, but you took care of somebody in need.
I will be back just for the way you treated that person.
Not your usual tourist trap. Give it a try.I have been to New Orleans on numerous occasions and been to quite a few establishments and never had a problem with service or quality until I stepped into this place.  
As soon as we walked in the door it was a mistake.  The hostess stood there as we walked in and couldn't offer a greeting of any sort and when we asked to be seated, it seemed as if we were interrupting her from staring off into space/doing nothing and she was annoyed by this.  Next was our waitress who seemed like a sweet enough girl but unless it was her first day and first job ever, she had no excuse for being this ignorant about basic food questions (scrambled eggs with cheese/cheese eggs seemed to be a delicacy that is only served on our home planet).   I then asked for a beverage which took so long that I wondered if they were squeezing the cranberries one by one.  When my food ordered finally arrived, it was wrong and I asked for a side of grits and the quality was mediocre (how can you really screw up eggs, bacon and grits?).  Clearly the grits and the cranberries must have been located miles and miles away because that took forever to arrive and when they did, she had a serving that could have choked a horse that was CLEARLY a passive aggressive move (Oh?  You want some grits?  WELL HERE'S ALL THE GRITS YOU CAN EAT!).  The place was not crowded AT ALL so there was no excuse for the slow service.  When my friend made mention of the lack of service, she could honestly care less.  The final straw was waiting for the check to arrive so we could get on with our day and we scan the room for our waitress only to find her standing at the register looking directly at us and not even budging.  My friend finally got so frustrated (and she has to be the most patient person in the world) that she threw her money down on the table and walked out.  
New Orleans is a beautiful city and caters to its tourists but it is apparently this place missed the memo and instead decided their theme would be "We don't care, don't bother us and don't forget to tip your waitress before storming out."I would be eating oysters; but, the Corner Oyster House is out of Oysters on the half shell.  You would think if Oyster House was in your name, you wouldn't run out of oysters.  It's sort of like McDonald's running out of burgers.
Seriously, no freaking oysters, REALLY? Who manages this place?  No Oysters- I would have shit canned him just for the principle.
Ugh!
Oh yeah, their restrooms are a mess too!  You can't un-smell urine; I can still taste it!Yay, Im a lil bit of fan...i have nothing important to say but they want more words...i hate words   words   wordsTried the Gumbalaya on a quiet Thursday afternoon. Friendly staff and tasty food and drinks. Win.Left this place without even ordering ! Walked in and had to wait at the front door while at least 6 waiters around the registers. Some guy in jeans and tee shirt takes us to a table in the corner and a server comes over to pick up her tab from last table. Not busy at all. Literally 8 different servers walked by the table in the next 15 minutes without as much as acknowledging us. Never saw the female server. Walked out after 15 minutes and guy at the door just said bye.We were looking for a place to watch the game and happened to walk by this place. Had to wait almost 30 minutes for the bloody mary but it was pretty good. We had oysters but they weren't that great. Very small and didn't taste salty.Love the bloody mary's. It is punch right in the mouth. Perfect after church beverage.The host and server greeted me promptly.  Nice atmosphere.  The appetizer plate was tasty, way too many fried pickles, wings were highlight, but only 3 of them.  Coke was semi-flat tasting.  Music was low, heard more of the traffic and Spanish speaking family.  The cheese pizza was tasteless; needed ranch dressing for flavor. Shrimp po' boy sandwich was an embarrassment.  I'm not even Creole and mine taste way better and have more flavor.  Sorry u r in NOLA your food should have FLAVOR.  Please stop by a nearby seasoning shop and buy some seasonings guys.The food is just not that good....sorry, but it is true!  Had the Gumbolaya and it almost cold.  My son had the red beans and rice it was cold and just no flavor.  I do not mean to leave a poor review and not talk to the management before we left, but I do not think they care.  No manager stopped by our table and our server never asked with.  Lot's of better places around......You have a charming and beautiful plce....go back to the drawing board and work on your quality....just sayin you can do better!Best bloody mary in the US. The lady that made the recipe is extremely nice and great at bartending. We have visited many places and always try the marys...but nobody comes close to the Corner Oyster's. The food is average but the location is great. Lots of entertainment away from bourbon. We visit 2-3x a year and stop by here everyday to get some drinks.After a morning of shopping and doing the things one does in the Quarter during the daytime, a group of us decided to stop for lunch.  I got the New Orleans Sampler.  A cup of gumbo, red beans and rice, shrimp etouffee and jumbalaya finished with a small helping of bread pudding.  Not the worst meal, but not the best.  The food was alternately bland or extremely salty.  I did not finish anything but the cup of gumbo and the bread pudding.  The bread pudding was not true NOLA style as one would expect. 
Service was slow, although friendly.  There are other places to try.'Drinks to go'. Waited 5 minutes while the bartender finished three Hurricanes, made a Tanqueray gin drink, spilled it, made another, bartender and another girl cleaned it up, neither acknowledged me or the guy next to me, both of us had our credit cards out. I put mine away, then I was out. The door. 
As the other guy had been standing there when I came in, and he hadn't been acknowledged and certainly didn't have his drink order in, I was not going to subject myself to their nonsense with an entire French Quarter full of establishments ready to serve me quickly. This was a Friday late afternoon/early evening, the weekend of Saint Patrick's Day, which is a HUGE deal in NOLA, and the week after Marda Gras, SO, you would figure these idiots would have their poop in a group. Not so, not so at all.
I wasn't close to where they spilled the drink thankfully, but it looked like some of it may have spilled into the ice bin, as the BT scooped ice directly below (from my angle) where the gin was spilled. Scooped it with the cup she was serving in, by the way. Yum.Hands down this place has the best Bloody Mary in the city!  The other drinks have some kick but are rather sweet.  Friendly bartenders too.We loved this place on our stopover for Mardi Gras, right next to Jackson Square and close to the river. We had a little snack before we went onto the next main meal. They have a great bar, with friendly staff and easy in and out, with most excellent people watching. We had Beans and Rice, I know exciting, but it was very good and the Oyster Shooters were awesome, best I've had in a while. Will be back for more on our next trip.To be honest with you I was very disappointed in the food, both my wife and I were actually.  
Our server Haley (spelling?) was very nice and accommodating. I ordered French toast and she said that she doesn't believe they make them that late but would check. She checked for me and the kitchen agreed to make it, when they came out they looked scary.  If that was not the norm, I would rather the kitchen say no and have me order something else.
My wife ordered Creole shrimp and rice, she described it as cafeteria food.
I would have given this place a one star but the service was good.No one was friendly. Our waitress had moments where she seemed friendly but then she would roll her eyes or huff and puff like she was annoyed with us, then she had the nerve to get upset when she saw that we tipped less than 10%, she should have been grateful to get anything at all. The place is a total dive, the manager sat in the corner looking like a creep the entire time we were there and the food was awful! We got the crab/crawfish cakes which tasted like canned tuna that had been fried and a burger and fries which was all frozen and then served burnt. It was the worst! 
Then, the place is a sports bar and there were some basketball fans in there for the playoffs being excited for their team and one of the waiters actually said "oh shut up!" Uuuuuummmm you're a sports bar!!!! 
The place is just all around awful!!! With so much food in such a small area steer clear of this place!!!! They belong on Restaurant Impossible and they need an entirely new staff!!!!Fabulous staff! Good beer and game day feeling.  Food below average.  Second time in,  both bad food experiences.Gumbalya, sausage po-boy, and chicken quesadilla were great!!!  However, the muffuletta was brought to table with olives when it was requested with none and the chicken fingers were burnt.....This is mostly a tourist destination but it is well located in the Quarter.  The food is decent but there are far better places to eat.  I actually watched the Saints win the Super Bowl in this establishment with a large group so that was a memorable experience.  This does make for a decent sports bar as they have many televisions and have a lot of sports memorabilia on display.  This probably wouldn't ever be my first choice but its overall a decent place.The lunch and dinner was simply delicious. I had the plate that came with white rice, red beans, shrimp creole, jambalaya, gumbo and topped it off with the bread pudding for dessert. There hot sauce crystal which is comparable to Tabasco sauce was added to my dish and yummy. The portions were a decent size for the price. The staff was really nice and very attentive. The breakfast was okay not much of a selection but okay not out of the ordinary there.It took a long time to get our food (20 minutes)... alligator bites and gumbalaya was cold and not as good as other places ..  Salad was just lettuce nothing else... please keep out...Great food comes in very big portions.  The price is reasonable.   Service is really friendly.  Thank you, Angie K.   There are many big screen TVs great for sports watching events.Oysters wrapped in bacon awesome. Waitress not so much. If you want to save on your tip, ask for Lindsay. Hi, do you have any specials? Answer : no specials. What about the specials board outside? Answer : the chef won't let us take it down. After appetizer order waitress took menus. When we asked for check it was literally thrown on the table. Enjoy your $2 tip Lindsay. Went to 801 Royal to eat.... Fantastic service. Take note.Extremely slow service. They completely forgot about us after we were seated. New people were coming in and served but not us. Had to go tell the hostess in order for a waiter to assist us. He apologized but then the same thing happened when it was time to pay. We waited 15 minutes for a check and finally asked the manager. Food was OK.My review is about the Bloody Mary's and Stephanie (we did not eat). Stephanie, the bartender makes a wonderful Bloody Mary. It was perfect and her secret recipe is something to be proud about. My husband and I came in to relax and plan our NOLA day. We chose to sit at the bar and order a drink. Stephanie was extremely helpful in making a few suggestions on must do's in NOLA. 
We have been to NOLA several times a year and enjoy receiving personalized service and great drinks. Great Job Stephanie! We will be back to see you soon!They didn't want to sit us at the bar because the day bartender was leaving soon. Not a big deal, but didn't make much sense. We got the appetizer platter. A place with the name oyster in the name shouldn't be offering frozen oysters. The most edible part of the plate was the fries. I can get fries in MN. We were hungry when we went so we weren't picky. Do yourself a favor and be picky about this place.Went in for lunch. We ordered a pizza and a quesadilla. It took about 45 minutes before we got our Food. After 40 minutes the waitress came to tell us that the pizza was Made from scratch and that is why it took so long. The pizza was delicious by the way. 
The toilet however was disgusting. Smelly, dirty, small, no toilet paper. Yuk.I would literally rather go hungry then ever eat here again. And I'm being totally honest. Service was awful. Food was like 2 stars. Our waiter had to have been high on something. He literally forgot his name when he was talking to us. It was by far the most awkward interaction I can remember having.Zero Stars... Had to wait about 20 minutes to order after being seated because our waitress disappeared... When we finally did, it took along time to receive our food... By the time we got the food, there was hair in the pizza and the "gumbolaya" was not fresh and had a spoiled taste... Thankfully I have a cast iron stomach. Oh and there was stuff floating in my water. And the restrooms were atrocious, urine everywhere. Never againDo not eat here. The place is understaffed and the food is terrible. It took us over an hour to get served oysters, jambalaya and 2 beers. The oysters were filled with broken shells and the jambalaya had one single piece of sausage and one burnt chunk of chicken. This place is a tourist trap. Hopefully they can get serious about their food and service.I feel bad about it...but I really didn't like it here.  The service sucked...the food wasn't very good....and I just had an overall bad taste in my mouth at this place!  
I ordered the Shrimp and Oyster Po Boy and an Abita Amber.  Well...you can't really go wrong with beer..so that was fine.  The Po Boy wasn't good!  I was surprised to find a Po Boy in New Orleans that I didn't like!  The oysters tasted rotten and the sandwich was dry!  I had to ask two times for Tabasco only to give up and ask for tarter sauce.  The bread was sourdough...and I thought that was weird.
Overall... it's in a great location but I wouldn't go back.First  off, ordered drinks and they were out of lemonade. Then, ordered a cheeseburger, out of those too. Someone in the  party i was with ordered nachos and they were the absolute worse ever. As for the  Roast beef sandwich, i am still trying to chew it and not to totally knock them, the grilled oysters were really good and my wife said the gator bites were also good ,but i would not recommend this place too pricey for the quality.Meh. The fried pickles were disappointing. The fries were tasteless. However, the catfish was flaky and tasty. Huge portions. 
Our waiter was friendly, albeit a little sidetracked. 
Probably the best thing here are their beverages. They have some interesting local beers (bottle and on tap).  As out-of-towners, we were happy to try the local brews, which were delicious. 
Bottom line:  don't come here for the food.