Don't let the outside fool you! The food is amazing. It's weird in that you walk to the back to order then find a seat and they bring it to you. Food is perfect Cajun!This place is 100% New Orleans. Just walk in and take a deep breath, you can smell it.  When I was a kid, this was the kinda spot where my dad would take us when momma didn't feel like cooking.  There's nothing special about it:  It's a dive bar with a po-boy shack in the back.  They don't have a lot of things on the menu, but what is there is made just right.  I had pretty much every po-boy they made and the beans and rice.  If you are in the neighborhood, I suggest you stop on in.Red Beans and Rice were the real deal. Clearly a non tourist place, just the way I like it vBest Gumbo I've ever had!!!!  Don't be fooled by its appearance on the outside and in. Great pricing too.This place is basically like a dive bar, but it also has good food. And it's very close to the convention center and cheap. Been coming to this place for years and it's still good. When you come in for food, go straight to the back and order at the window. Then take the bill to the register and pay. Then take a seat and wait for the food to come out to you. All the cajun / creole food is good here.Everything a dive bar should be-small, dark, cheap beer, jukebox, good bar food and surly bartenders. This is our Mardi Gras Headquarters and if we aren't on the parade route you can find us here, where our dear friend Gayle will be holding court and providing entertainment to all the frat boys who wander in. Its off French Quarter  the tourist track but a great location for the Warehouse District hotels and the food is surprisingly good!This is my favorite place to hang out in New Orleans and watch the Saints game. Everyone in the bar is very friendly and the po boys are amazingly delicious. The bar itself is dog friendly and even kid friendly during day hours.
I would highly recommend you swing in for lunch and grab a drink. Everything is reasonably priced and the atmosphere makes it totally worth it.
One major plus,l to the corporation is that more than likely, the owner will come sit and have a drink with you. It's a very family ran business and has a great southern comfort vibe. Check it out!We met some friends here for drinks while we were in the city for FQF. I must say they served one of the best bloody mary's I have had.  It was a cool bar off the beaten path filled with locals and not as many tourists.  We had to rush out and didn't get lunch but I will  be back next time we are in town.
The leg lamp is awesome!Local spot! Great authentic NOLA food for cheap! Can't beat it! I've been here 3 times during my 3 day stay. Beware cigarettes are smoked indoors here. That's the only major con! Bring your asthma pump! 
Best hole in the wall thus far! 
P.S. Try the signatures as is no substitutions.Great dive bar! Locals come here - we were asked to take fireball shots with the entire bar. Haha very friendly peepS!This place was delicious! I normally don't write reviews but this place deserved 5 stars!!
I'm in NOLA for a convention and this was the closest place to eat. I got the oyster po-boy and gumbo and they were amazing! Especially after we went to a super hyped place for the same thing the previous night and were sorely disappointed. Super good for a small hole in the wall place :)Great space. Not too big but not too small. Kitchen is in the back and bar upfront. The home style Cajun food is amazing. 
They basically have comfort food, nothing too overdressed or pretentious. 
It's various poboys, catfish, gumbo, jambalaya and of course red beans/rice. 
Decent prices, and good amounts. Delicious jambalaya and gumbo is seafood. Not much meat but the seasonings make up for it.Went there for po-boys, got a shrimp and a alligator po-boys. Both were good, but the alligator was five-star! Very enjoyable.I've only had a few drinks in this dive bar and I can honestly say that this is the most sketchy bar in the entire Warehouse District.  It is a bit challenging to even tell this place is a bar and you really need to know where you're going as you could easily walk past this place without knowing it.  I've never eaten here or known anybody that has so I don't know if I will attempt it until someone else gives me a full report.  The exterior of this place is also a Pepto pink so that sort of makes my tummy feel strange...Amazing! Little seating but worth the quick wait. We ordered a special plate- fried oysters, fried shrimp, fried catfish, bread and a side for $16!!! Such good food for a small price and very filling!One of the best, if not the best po'boys i have ever had; both shrimp and roast beef! This place is a must!The alligator sausage po' boy was outstanding, especially with the Crawtator Zapps chips and an Abita Amber!  The bartender was really friendly.Quick bite for lunch from this local place by the convention center. Traditional fare at decent prices. The place is jam packed during lunch and seating is limited, cleanliness goes by the wayside. Service is friendly and food was hot and
Good. I would def stop in again.Yup I second what Celeste and John said...this is a great place with a fun crowd.  The owners and clientele are extremely entertaining....it's sort of the quintessential New Orleans mom & pop dive bar.  I especially like the trophy buck collection on the wall and the big old dolphin fish mounted by the door.Me - attending convention, tired of eating out and paying too much for beer and food. Yelped this place, checked it out, drank 6 beers at bar and ordered food to go. Bill - $35 with $8 tip. Got the NOLA combination, experience was ethereal. One of the best meals of my life. Not kidding. Outside not impressive, inside as well but let me tell ya......if you want really good Cajun cooking, you have to try this place!Friendly, locals bar in a neighborhood with lots of old trees and grass. Enjoyed a Manhatten making experiment with the bartender since NOLA is a sazerac town. I like sweet drinks so ended up with extra cherry and sweet vermouth in the finished product.
Jambalaya was decent. Would like to try it fresh from the Dutch oven tho.Had an awesome lunch today at Corporation. Catfish Po'Boy with fried okra was delicious. Everyone was very hospitable! Wish it was a little cooler inside but it was comfortable enough. Very good prices on food and driving drinks. We will definitely be back! Great dive bar.Small dive bar I just happened to run into while walking around the area. The staff is nice and the prices are very reasonable, can't beat that.Best place in NOLA to eat alligator sandwiches. Nice atmosphere. Small bar.  Not a tourist trap. Authentic food and place.Had the shrimp creole. It was excellent. Quick service. Nicely seasoned. Would definitely go back.Back in the 1990s, this place was my go to. Always a good atmosphere, always good food and made some good friends. Since I have been back in town, have visited a few times. Food is still good. Atmosphere is is still fun. It still feels like home here, even though it's a completely new crowd. Just new friends I haven't gotten to know yet. Was sad to learn Miss Nancy and Mr. Ray are no longer with us in the flesh. But their spirits will live on at The Corp. They were loved and respected by all of their regulars. Their presence is certainly missed, at least by this girl.Very underrated, very NOLA. Unassuming bar with out of date decor, serving up home style poor boys out of the back kitchen. Look it up when you are there. You will feel like you are at your grand pa's favorite watering hole.Amazing traditional New Orleans food! This is the place where locals hang out! Loved the jambalaya and gumbo.... drinks are good and cheap! It does look like a hole on the wall and a little scary front he outside but it's a must!Great little dive. I love stopping at places where the locals hang out. This is definitely one of them. 
Red beans and rice were very tasty. 
The staff was entertaining!!Went there for dinner had some gumbo and some cocktails it was great place to hang out with friendsFree burlesque every Thursday! Bowtie Burlesque performs to your favorite juke box hits from 8:30-11 most Thursday nights! No cover charge, great drink prices and lovely ladies entertaining you in a classy way! Bring your tipping dollars and a smile!Small local hangout, Great po-boy and gumbo! Glad I stumbled across it, great spot for a quick lunch. My only suggestion would be to add beer on tap.A proper dive bar! I believe the sign outside names this place "Corporation 931", there's no pomp or splash advertising this place. A second weathered sign warns that politicians are explicitly not welcome. I happened across it while waiting for the Howlin' Wolf to open, a block away. No beer on tap, but Abitas were a fair $3.
The bathroom, a key indicator of the diveyness of a dive bar, was properly littered with dick jokes, edited and commented upon for grammatical and spelling correctness, scrawled along the wall.  Incidentally, the corrections were more entertaining than the original jokes, which is both common and entertaining in itself.
Corporation actually serves proper food, as evidenced by the kitchen in back and bottles of condiments distributed across the bar, but I can't speak to the quality of the food.
Perhaps one of the more charming elements is a 70s style pencil or charcoal sketch of the bartender at a younger age, hanging on the wall behind the bar. And a bar that plays Tom Jones' "She's A Lady" non-ironically gets a few extra points from me. That, and the fact that she calls you "sweetie".Love Corporation Bar.  Been going there for years when I visit.  The po-boys are great - the bread is fantastic.  The owner used to whip up food sometimes in the evening, too.  Miss her!  Miss Connie behind the bar is the BEST!
Drunk Bingo Night is fun, too!If you are looking for a hole in the wall you found it. We were almost scared to walk in, but were right at one when we sat down. The food you order in the back and it is TASTY. I had the alligator po boy and it was very good. The okra was not my flavor, but you can't win them all. Would defiantly go back as the food was cheap and the drinks were strong!What a great surprise! This restaurant/bar is not much to look at from the outside, but don't let that keep you out! We ordered red beans and rice, a muffuletta, a bowl of gumbo and onion rings. Everything tasted delicious! The breads were fantastic too! Definitely one of my favorite NOLA meals ever!Went here for lunch after reading such good reviews, but left disappointed. Menu was less expensive than anywhere else we ate while visiting New Orleans, but you get what you pay for. Food came out fast and was hot. Okra was from frozen, not fresh. Jambalaya was pretty much a well seasoned plate of rice with only a few slices of sausage thrown in. Shrimp Po-boy was ok, but did come with a lot of shrimp and it seemed fresh. Bread pudding was delicious!Great jambalaya! Went here based on other reviews, and I was not disappointed! The place is a bit "hole in the wall"-y, but the staff is friendly and the food is delicious! Would recommend to any visitor.This place was F'n DELICIOUS! The lady that runs the kitchen TOLD us what we wanted (come to find out, she was right), and the bar guy was funny and extremely personable...screw the tourist traps in the quarter, this is a great place!Nothing fancy but good food at a reasonable price from a friendly staff. My wife and daughter had po boys and I had jambalaya.  They also brought a complementary bowl of red beans and rice.Nothing special. In fact not very good. Had the roast beef poboy. The cheese was just a cold piece laid on top if the meat. Had trouble finishing. Not worth $6.Given the lack of restaurants in the vicinity of the convention center I was grateful to find this reasonably priced option during the lunch break. Very busy and was glad to get a seat at the bar after ordering my food at the counter. I had the catfish po'boy and found it to be tasty. Friendly capable service. Didn't have the courage to try the alligator po'boy but was curious. Definitely felt like I was in the Deep South and it was a nice deviation from the chain restaurants generally found everywhere.All you need to know is gator po boy. Anyone could tell you whatever they want but this arguably was one of the best dishes I had in NoLa! I had my co-workers order it the next day and they are still raving about it.
With that said, I'm pretty sure everything is amazing. Everything is homemade and the lady in the back will make sure you're ordering something cajun! She's hilarious, entertaining, sweet and fun! I sat there and watched her for 20 min while I was waiting for my order. It's worth coming here just for her! But in all seriousness, the food is outstanding!Was so glad to find this dive bar on the edge of the Warehouse District for a really tasty lunch.  Located on a corner is an old school bar, nothing fancy or trendy here.   Inside you will find a bar, some picnic tables and the food counter at the back.  The menu is fairly simple, but also has plenty of choices of what kind of Poboy or platter you will get.
I was lucky enough to find that they had soft shell crabs as one of the specials.  I ordered the soft shell poboy and a side of the bread pudding for dessert.  The Crab was the largest soft shell I have seen about 8 inches long and was really excellent.  The breading was crisp and the crab inside was fresh and incredibly tasty.  The bread they use is crusty, but not quite as good as the rest of the bread I had in New Orleans.  The rest of the poboy was decent, but nothing special, fresh tomato, lettuce, pickles and plain mayo added the flavor and texture you look for.
The surprise of the meal to me was the bread pudding; for $3 you get a large slab of pudding topped with a nice sugary sauce.  The bread pudding was moist and delicious, studded with raisins and diced fruit cocktail.  The fruit cocktail made for a nice old school touch and while unexpected I really enjoyed it.
Corporation Bar is a great old school dive bar to get some simple, but really tasty food.  Highly recommended.Great spot. Red beans & rice spot on. Seafood platter good. Always great when the cook takes your order, too. Funky & fun! Nice staff. Non-tourist. Great jukebox, too.What a find! Was in town for conference at the convention center and walked up to Cochon but line was terrible so gave this place a try.  Great little dive with friendly, hilarious staff - Ms Julie is the greatest.  Had a muffaletta and bowl of gumbo the first day and catfish po boy with another bowl of gumbo the second day with a couple cold Dixie beers each time. Super reasonable prices, delicious food. Make sure to stop by this great spot for some awesome New Orleans classics and a great time!What one would expect from a divey old bar - big plate of fried fish and okra, characters behind the counter, decent drinks. Worth a visit.My family was searching for a local place to sit and eat. We found this place and when we walked up, we realized it was a bar and I had my 2 month old baby with me. So although it was a dive, the bartender said my baby could come in since it was before 5p. The food was tasty and a good price. The drinks were delicious. I'm glad we didn't let the look of the place scare us away.the real deal. 1 block from Convention Center. this is where yelp rules. would never have found this spot. unreal gumbo and jambalaya.   home run all the wayThis is a great neighborhood bar in the Warehouse District.  It's nothing fancy, and perhaps that's on purpose as this place is really laidback with chill people.  We came here to watch football, and all of the TVs were turned on, playing the game while the bar was filled with locals.  We ordered Long Island Ice Teas here, which were strong and good.  Unfortunately, they stop cooking at 5PM, but I've been told by the locals that the po boys are really good here.I don't know if this is really a fair review since I only went in one time for a few minutes to grab a drink and use the restroom. 
That being said, I really liked it. The bartender was a cool down-home boy who said, "What can I get ya, honey?" in that friendly, not rude way that they do down here. I sat down and we chatted a little bit while I waited on my friend. The drink was good and strong and not expensive. If I lived in this area I'd definitely go back.I've only had a few drinks in this dive bar and I can honestly say that this is the most sketchy bar in the entire Warehouse District.  It is a bit challenging to even tell this place is a bar and you really need to know where you're going as you could easily walk past this place without knowing it.  Somehow (I guess due to the proximity of this place to hotels) the majority of people that seem to find this place are tourists.  I've never eaten here or known anybody that has so I don't know if I will attempt it until someone else gives me a full report.  The exterior of this place is also a Pepto pink so that sort of makes my tummy feel strange...This place was so dirty that I was worried.  The bathroom which was closer to the kitchen was broken and it looked like people kept using it but there was no sign that it was broken.  My husband looked like a pale ghost after he came back and saw that.  He couldn't eat the food but we had already ordered and I was starving. I got the catfish po boy.  The fish tasted like freezer... not fresh.  Would not go back.Nearly 5 stars, but a faulty red beans and rice dropped it down nearly to a three.
We came here between rain at the tail end of our conference for some "local" food.
Alligator Po-Boy sort of for the obligatory NOLA novelty, sort of because curiosity, sort of because fuck it. The meat had a spam-ish quality and was pattied with some red peppers and spices. Excellent in that sandwich and at $8, a big fuckin steal compared to LA prices. Easily $15-$20 here at a place that would sell Alligator.
Co-Worker tried the sampler which was Gumbo, Jambalaya, and Red Beans/Rice. Gumbo was excellent. Jambalaya was okay. Sort of lazy... And the RB/R was absolutely flavorless and bland. Salt and hot sauce is required to provide ANY flavor profile to it. 
Top with some Abita's (Purple Haze and the Strawberry seasonal) and it was a great cheap meal worth it. Definitely local, definitely don't care what you think. The irony of this review hits me just now..Go In!!  So it does look a bit dumpy...but honestly, just walk right in, head to the back, order and enjoy some authentic New Orleans food at great prices. The rice and beans were the BEST we had - we talked about it for the rest of our trip - and this was one of our lowest food bills.  Shrimp po boy good as well.  Atmosphere was casual  - both locals and convention goers were eating lunch while we were there.  Worth a visit if you are nearby.The Best Bloody Mary!
Well, normally we wouldn't even walk through the door. But, the guy at the Hilton suggested this spot since there bar wasn't open at 11am on a Football Sunday. 
We ventured across the stree to the Corporation Bar & Grill. Not much traffic there on a Sunday morning but they poor a strong, spicy, interesting, outstanding Bloody Mary!
Can't say much about the food, service (got our own), or other patrons, but I suggest it for a great Bloody! (it's gotta be good to take the time to write a review of one drink!)Super friendly staff! I love this bar! 
The poboys are great (limited kitchen hours) and the juke box has all the 90s/2000s hits you want!Love the Corp.
The essential neighborhood bar.We got yelled at by the Waitress...lol!
So we were craving po boy soft shell crab and since we already tried Acme Oysters (great soft shell crab there) we decided to try this place since it had good reviews.  It was quite a walk from our hotel on Canal street so we took a taxi here.  
The place wasn't what i expected.  It looks like a rundown bar/restaurant, kinda like the tv show "Cheers," where all the local goes here.  You have to go to the end of the restaurant and place your order.  As we were placing it, i guess we asked too many questions so the waitress yelled at us to hurry (there was no one else in line).  We probably would have left, except it was raining super hard & we didn't bother to bring a jacket.  We put order in and she instructed us to come get it when she calls our name.  Then we were told to place our drink order by the bar.  After we got our drinks we found a dirty table to sit on (we cleaned it ourselves).  Five minutes later the waitress shouts our number for us to get our food and when we went to retrieve it my friend ask where the utensils were at and she yelled at her to hold on and wait until she gets it for us...geezs.  We figure since everything else was self-served we thought the utensils were too.  
Anyways, the soft shell poboy was pretty disappointing.  It had a freezer burn taste to it and there was nothing special about it.  The gumbo was really salty and their bread pudding was extremely sweet so we only had a few bites before we gave up on it.  The waitress comes around and notice we didn't finish her bread pudding and she wasn't too pleased about it.  She actually confronts us and wants to know why we didn't eat it all and we told her that it was just too sweet this early in the day (it was 3pm).  She was obviously offended and walk away.  
I notice the treatment of customers are different there to.  For those that are regular they would bring out their order for them, whereas for us we had to get it ourselves.  We left a big tip because we knew we'll never come back.  I don't know if the waitress was just plain grouchy or she's racist, but seriously we don't need to be yelled at like lil' kids.  We only put up with it because it was pouring rain and we didn't want to venture out until it stopped.  Plus, it was the first meal we had all day.Our hotel was right next door.  We read the reviews and decided to give it a try.  
Seriously....do yourself a favor, like Amy K said..."walk straight to the back and order"...the food here is great!  The special of the day was a chicken fried steak, corn and mashed potatoes with brown gravy.  It was very good.  My husband tried his 3rd shrimp po boy here and it was one of his favorites! The shrimp were very good and falling out of the sandwich there were so many!  The bread was very good, especially compared to the other restaurants we had tried po boys at.
You put your order in the back, then walk up to the bar to get your drink.  The lady in the back calls your number, go pick it up, then pay at the bar before you go.  They clean up your table. *The kitchen closes at 5*
They have a couple of tv's going, locals eat here and friendly folks that work there.Don't judge this book by its cover. If this place looks like a dive, that's because it is. It's a dive - with great food and cheap beer.Classic New Orleans dive bar with counter service kitchen,  a long bar and 6 tables.  Quick kitchen,  good food, inexpensive and interesting bartenders. 2 minute walk from the convention center.One of the best dive bars in nola! These people complaining need to take the broom handles out their butts and move back to new York city. You don't go to corporation for the food, you go for the beautiful people that work there and the regulars. Its a dive bar!I visited during the daytime around 3pm on a Tuesday, and it wasn't completely empty to my surprise.  It's a pretty dingy looking place but it could've been an amazing hole in the wall place...but it wasn't.
I could not bring myself to like taste of New Orleans - the gumbo just tasted sour and wrong.  The beans were soooo bland and didn't stand out.  Onion rings tasted like fast food onion rings from maybe Carls Jr.  The jumbalaya rice was plump and perfectly cooked but I just didn't care for the flavors.  Oh, there was a small strand of hair in my beans as well....I was already done eating at that point.
The alligator po-boy was delicious though - it was the only redeeming aspect of our meal.  The meat wasn't fried and it allowed for us to fully enjoy the texture and taste.  I noticed the bartender was a lot warmer to the locals, and the locals seemed to like this place quite a bit.  Visit at your own risk!  I personally wouldn't bother, especially with the limited time and stomach space I can spare during my travels.Loved this place. Packed at lunch time but a great atmosphere and an authentic experience.Best gumbo ever!!!! If you want a true New Orleans experience hit this place up!! I'll be back, you can bet on that!Really good, simple, no frills food. Definitely a dive bar but right near the convention center and cheap.Yum!  Any kind of poboy you can think of.....cooked up by locals.  I enjoyed this place the most out of my Nola eating experiences.  Sort of a dive bar with notable history.  Limited but, quality selection of beers.  Nice quaint location just blocks from the convention center.Divey, but fun, friendly bar with excellent food, great service and a mellow vibe. Gumbo and jambalaya both excellent, as was the red beans & rice. Customers are a mixture of locals, worker bees and a few tourists. If you want food, walk back to the far end of the bar and order, then take your ticket to a bar waiter/waitress and pay.Great dive bar with good food @ good prices
Locals places, small, dark, tab too smoky but it is a bar
Food served till 5 PM, excellent poorboys
easy walk from the converntion center, when you need to get away from the business side of things walk in the Corporation Bar & Grill  ... on my list favs in NOGreat little bar.  We walked in with our Raiders gear on and after a little bit of joking around they treated us like life long friends.  Connie was fantastic behind the bar.  We arrived after the kitchen closed but i plan on stopping by for lunch tomorrow.I was eating dinner with friends and we asked the server where to go if we were looking for a good dive bar - without hesitation he recommended The Corporation. The faint smell of urine and graffiti set the tone as we walked down a dimly lit road towards the bar. We were greeted at the front door by a drunk woman who had just fallen over, I knew we had the right place. 
We found some free spots at the bar and ordered some very reasonably priced drinks. We struck up some conversation with a few older gentlemen at the bar and continued to enjoy the ambiance. Throughout the night we ran into many characters, from a guy who hit on my buddy's wife to another who claimed to have lit up a wedding with a 50 cal machine gun mounted to his half-track. The most memorable was a friendly gentleman who called me a pu**y. As I laughed I proceeded to spill a portion of my beer on the bar- this escalated things. For the next 30 minutes or so this 5ft 3 inch guy with a massive 70's porn moustache continued the ribbing. At some point he must have passed out in an alley somewhere as he walked outside and never returned.  We left with not only a with buzz but fond memories that will be treasured for a lifetime. 
We will be back!Great hole in the wall place. I tried the jambalaya and roast beef poboy, both great and priced well! Quick service too.Dive Bar, best smashed po-boys in town.Fun little bar near the Hilton Garden Inn Convention Center. We had a day drink and a nosh after checking into our hotel the day before Jazz Fest started. My husband had the gumbo and said it was delicious. I had the pasta salad which was very good and satisfying. They also serve po' boys (and an excellent vegetarian one at that!). Our bartenders were VERY nice and provided great service.What a place, full of great people, pictures, and damn good drinks. Wished I would have found it sooner. Awesome!Great atmosphere but the soft shell crab po boy was too much for me to handle. Tasted like everything from the sea, the good and the bad. Crab innards were included. Maybe that's normal around here but I thought it was gross and I've felt sick to my stomach for the last few hours. It didn't feel completely cooked either, and not soft either.This place is hard to find if you're not looking. Looks like a hole in the wall, but its worth it. It looks like a "don't touch anything with your hands before you eat" type places. 
The locals seem to like this place, and that's exactly what i wanted; some authentic New Orleans food! 
I had the soft shell poboy and it was the best poboy I've had in a loooong time. Its funny how the best ones I've had have always been from New Orleans. 
Check this place out after dark to mingle with the locals and to enjoy a nice dive bar in New Orleans.Went here because of the line at Butcher was regretfully too much to tolerate.
I was initially concerned by the lady who runs the place. I would want her on my side in a bar fight. After some time, we figured out that she loves her food and anyone who comes in to eat it.
Of the five of us, four ordered the lunch combo, the trifecta of the taste of New Orleans. A large amount of food was served.  All was consumed. 
My muffalata was very tasty.  I would order it again, if I hadn't seen the combo.
Will go back again.  Great value, service and food near the convention center.This place is a must-stop in NOLA!  
People in here, staff, management,  and customers, are all wonderful, friendly, and down-to-Earth
Judy makes THE gumbo...best ive ever had!  The Po Boys are delicious as well (we had the alligator, not what we expected, but awesome!).
Definitely make this a spot to drop into anytime youre in New Orleans, well for sure be making multi-trips here on our vacation