The food was delicious, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. 
I arrived at Cote Sud at 6:30 for dinner with 3 friends. We were seated right away. We ordered wine and drinks which took about 15 minutes to arrive. After the drinks were out the waiter took our order which included an appetizer , salad and 4 entrees. We then had to wait for 35 minutes for our appetizers and salad to come out. The waiter must have forgotten to put them in because 4 minutes after they were put down our entrees came out.  Everyone liked their food (I had the hanger steak which was cooked well and came with great pomme frites). Even though we all annoyed with the service, We forged ahead and ordered dessert which took about 20 minutes to come out. The dessert was good. We tried 4 different ones, and all split. I recommend the pear and apple desserts, both were scrumptious. By the time we got done and paid our check the meal had taken over 2 hours which is ridiculous in my opinion.
There was only 1 server for the whole restaurant, so maybe that's why the service was terrible. But none the less, the service  definitely detracts from this otherwise charming and yummy restaurant.Cote Sud only accepts cash, contrary to any earlier reports.  Service is friendly, which sets this place apart from so many French establishments.  Save room for dessert!  Prices more than fair for the perfectly-cooked dishes and carefully chosen wines Cote Sud offers.
Some dishes, like their salmon offerings, are so perfectly done that we have tried to bribe the wait staff for these recipes.WONDERFUL NEIGHBORHOOD BISTRO! I wish I had found this place long ago. We've been about 10 times and have been very pleased each visit. The entire staff is friendly and we always feel welcomed. The food is terrific - authentic french dishes. Salads, soups, specials, apps, entrees, wine - we've been hitting every corner of the menu and have so far been very pleased. Small place - you may want to make a reservation.  Casual, comfy, intimate.I chose Ciro's Cote Sud for my birthday dinner this year since we hadn't been in years.  The food is just as delicious as always...why do I forget how much I love the pasta fruits del mer with a curry cream sauce.  E had a pasta with shrimp & veggie dish that was also tasty with lots of garlic.  My poached pear salad was tasty although the pears were really different from how I've had them before.  We finished by splitting the profiteroles...which were perfect.  I'm not sure when it became OK to serve profiteroles the size of your fist, I still prefer the golf ball sized ones.  These were perfect. 
Oops I almost forgot to mention my yummy kir peche & E's well made sazerac. The wine list is pretty good too...as is only correct in a French restaurant.
Ciro's isn't great for a large group as it is a tiny restaurant and only has a dozen or so tables, but is perfect for an intimate meal. It is still cash/check only, but don't let that deter you.Ollivier & Jacqueline Guillot are a salt-of-the-earth family who have worked very hard to create and maintain a true French Bistro in NOLa. Different because it's real, OK? Thank G*d we all survived Katrina together. Some of the most amazing times, and delicious, homey meals EVER with these wonderful people. Wishing you continued happiness & success - Geaux Cote Sud!Great food! I enjoyed my meal in this cozy space. Its a nice low-key spot! I love it. Would recommend the Salmon with the creme sauce topping. My fav there so far!
The only thing they need to do is upgrade to credit cards instead of cash & checks only.Ciro's is yet another quaint place on Maple which is a very underrated food destination in the city! The small house provides an exceelent backdrop to a french meal. The traditional french cuisine is done well and the atmosphere is fitting. I had heard alot of talk about hteir pizza os on a seperate occasion tried it as well. I wasn't as impressed as I had hoped to be and think their main menu selections a step above. Good spot..low key...good foodAlso known as Ciro's Cote Sud, one of the best kept secrets of the Riverbend.  It leans heavily to country French fare but also serves up amazing pizzas.  Try the Olivier!  Kalamata olives, chevre, and pesto - simple and delicious.This small French restaurant is incredibly charming and delicious.  I dined on New Year's Eve and enjoyed striped bass on a bed of goat cheese grits.  My dining partner enjoyed the rack of lamb and it was delectable.I have been dining at Cote Sud for many years.
Let me start with the biggest negative first.  DOES NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS.  This tells me two things.  1. You're too cheap to pay the ~3% merchant service fee to make dining more convenient for your customers like EVERY OTHER restaurant in the world.  or 2. YOU'RE CHEATING ON YOUR TAXES.
I used to think they had some of the best pizza in the city but I picked up a pizza the other night and it was average at best.
I brought a large group of about 15 here for my birthday a few years ago.  The place is pretty small so we took up a good portion of the restaurant.  We had along table that began in the window on Maple.  Halfway through the meal my guests were were seated closest to the window started screaming because dozens of cockroaches from the storm drain in front were coming in through the building and crawling on them.  The restaurant barely even apologized.
Other than that, it is a cozy little place  on Maple that has decent food.  A great date place for two couples.
However, I am pretty much boycotting this place until the owner starts accepting credit cards.As far as traditional french cuisine (as opposed to our local creole cuisine), this is some of the best I've ever had. Alas I would much prefer creole cuisine. If you like traditional french cuisine, don't miss this place.This is by far my favorite French restaurant in the New Orleans area. The blue cheese moules frîtes are so mouthwatering and delicious. Homemade fries=epic. The steak is fantastic as well, never overcooked. With each order, there's plenty of food to be able to split a few items with other people. Also, this place used to be a pizza joint, so they still have pizza here! CASH ONLYCame in for Sunday night dinner and they were actually pretty busy. We ordered the poached pear salad with Gorgonzola to share and a Napolitini pizza. The pears in the salad tastes more of canned than poached and there wasn't enough dressing. The pizza crust had a nice crispness, though didn't have much flavor on its own. The toppings were nice and fresh, though lacked a little seasoning overall. Biggest complaint was inattentive and slow service. Had to ask for everything, nothing was ever taken care of without prompting. Also had to wait a good ten minutes for the guy to get out of the bathroom to close out our check.I was hoping for a better experience here, as I have been so excited to try it. The main thing that made my fiance and my dinner less enjoyable was the service. It was slow, and just kind of disjointed. For example, we ordered a salad and the server said he would bring us bread. When it didnt come, we asked about it and he said oh the other worker cancelled that order. Other things- we had to ask for refills even though both servers walked by us several times when our glasses were empty. Also, we had to wait 10 minutes or more for our check to be taken care of. the food itself was okay- we shared a salad that was good but the dressing was so light that you could barely taste it. The pizza was cooked to a nice crunchy consistency, but it was just lacking some flavor. It maybe needed some herbs or a bit more cheese? At any rate, I would have gone back to try another dish, but the service issues may have deterred me.Amazing & fabulous food!  We've been here several times & we've never had a bad meal.  Wonderful wine selection too.So, it was good, not great.  We reserved a table for 2 near the front window.  A couple before us was lingering so we were seated deeper inside this one-room shop.  They accommodated us by moving us to our preferred table when it became available. "You see, you know how to *take* the reservation, you just don't know how to *hold* the reservation. And that's really the most important part of the reservation: the holding. Anybody can just take them." -Jerry Seinfeld.  Normally this is the place for my rant about the not-so-complicated science of restaurant host/hostessing and seating, but this place is really small and, frankly, I feel fortunate anymore just to get a place to hold a reservation even if the "special request" part isn't possible because it's a busy Friday night.  I swear I won't become complacent about this though.  Compared to the typical bimbo hostess platoon at most chains that somehow manage to bungle seating at least half the time, this was pretty acceptable.  But it stuck with me so maybe I needed some caffeine or booze for my mood.  So, we're off to a pretty mediocre start, Cote Sud. Service was very good, the food was tasty and comfortable, but not too memorable.  I can't comment on their famous pizza because we didn't try it.  It's a pretty long cab ride from downtown/FrenchQtr, and we could not catch a cab on the way back so we walked a couple blocks and rode the local trolley/bus system which was a treat.  The neighborhood has a couple of popular bars, and is really cozy.  The dining room is small, cramped, and nice and dark.  It's a good spot for dinner, but with so much great food in NOLA I would need some special reason to come back to Cote Sud. Wifey enjoyed their wine recommendations and the creme brulee was excellent.  Looking over the menu the beer list is impressive for such a small place.My wife and I ate at Cote Sud on 6/3/17. It is a cozy french bistro in New Orleans. The food was great and the service was pod. Takes only cash or check.I enjoyed a lovely, lovely meal here. I love how the restaurant is hidden away, off the beaten path, yet just one or two blocks from Carrollton. The restaurant is cute and cozy. The waitress was warm and friendly.
I started off with a  crisp, light and refreshing Kir Peche, which is a peach-flavored champagne cocktail. The waitress brought warm crusty bread and garlic butter to the table. All butter served with bread should be garlic butter, it was so good.
Next, I had a goat cheese salad. It was lettuce, tomatoes and onions in a vinaigrette, topped with crostini spread with warm goat cheese and chives. The salad was huge, so if you are ordering it as an appetizer then you can probably split it. 
Since my salad was large, I just ordered an appetizer as my entree. I had the blue cheese oysters - six chargrilled oysters bathed in a garlic, blue cheese, butter sauce. This was so decadent and rich, it was totally amazing. I don't know if it was polite to use the bread to sop up the sauce in the shells, but this dish's flavor made me throw etiquette to the wind. 
I wanted to try one of the desserts, such as the apple tart or creme brulee, but I really didn't have enough room left.
The only drawback was that the prices on the bill did not correspond to what was on the menu. It's also cash or check only, but for me it was not a problem as I came prepared.This is the best date night place in New Orleans. They have a great wine list. The food is always made to order with amazing flavors. Its a slower pace to give you time to savor all your food. You really get a French bistro feel. Yes they do have real pizza with a nice dough crust, not a flatbread. But I think the French food is the way to go. The curry dishes are fragrant and flavorful.Finally tried this lovely and authentic French bistro in our neighborhood and found a new favorite! Family owned with true French favorites such as poached pear salad and beef bourguignon. Extensive wine and dessert list, in addition to pizza!! Dishes are more European in nature than the usual "bistro" fare, earthy--prepared with a much lighter touch and without heavy sauces made to please American palates. Enjoy and appreciate the slower service by the owners. This place is a gem.Probably the best food I've had recently while in New Orleans.  Good French with a souther twist.
It is a bit removed from the beaten path...then again, the good ones always are.I used to live right around the corner form this place when I was in law school, and this was our very favorite spot to go for a fancy dinner.  Now a few years later and a few miles west, we still love going to Cote Sud and can always trust that it will be a fantastic experience.  
The service isn't the fastest in town, but the food is phenomenal and the ambiance perfectly quaint.  I've never gotten the pizza, but the kids raved about it once when we ventured to take them with us.  They have among the BEST escargot that I've had in the city, and the mussels in blue cheese sauce is INDESCRIBABLE.  YOU MUST GET THE BLUE CHEESE MUSSELS AND FORGET ABOUT YOUR WAISTLINE FOR A BIT.  Trust me.  The pasta dishes are great, and I've always enjoyed the entrees.  We started with the cheese plate the last time we went - a great choice.
BRING CASH OR CHECKS!  They do not accept credit cards, and a good meal for two with wine & apps will run you $100-$140.My boyfriend took me here for our first date. It was a very cute little restaurant and I can see why he picked it. I got the roasted duck and he got the steak frites. My duck was over cooked but his steak was perfect. 
The service was terrible! 
Next time I think we will get some of their pizza (which I hear is amazing) to go....Sweet neighborhood restaurant with passable food. Service was awkward and portions were too large. I consider myself a foodie who enjoys trying restaurants in major cities. I like innovative food, not necessarily "deconstructed" or anything fancy but interesting. This dinner was not memorable.Don't let the iffy reviews fool you. This place is wonderful.
If you're looking to get in and out of a restaurant quickly, Cote Sud is not the place for you (obviously not for one of these reviewers, either, whose review led me to believe he or she kept a timer on the table). If, however, like most serious diners, you're looking to take your time, enjoy good wine, good food and good conversation, then by all means stay a while. This place singlehandedly changed my mind about oysters (I thought they were disgusting until I was served a most divine plate of oysters baked in the half shell with a butter and blue cheese sauce). The duck is unbelievable. The pizzas are pretty good, too.
The owners and servers are honest to goodness real French people. You may have to repeat your order, but they will eventually get it. The dining room is tiny. They don't take cards, only cash. 
All in all, this is one of those little known, "locals only" kinds of restaurants. I've been going there for years and have never once walked away disappointed. It's the best French cuisine in the city, in my opinion.Coté Sud is a dainty neighborhood restaurant located in East Carrollton. This is part of New Orleans that I have only lived in for the past sixteen months. And quite by accident I have become aware of this gem in my back yard.
It is French. It feels French. The artwork and the music most of the time is French. The staff is French. The food is French. I love it. 
We started off at a great table by the front window. It is right under the speaker but the music was great if not a bit loud for the location of the table. The Kir Royale and the Kir Pêche were prepared nicely. My wife was concerned about the Kir Pêche being too sweet but it was just right for my taste.
Since service has been addressed in other reviews it must be stated that the restaurant is small and it does fill up with diners. The wait staff appears to be two people. This is not the place to go to expecting to sit, order, eat, and leave. Rose and Ariel were great and both ladies took care of us. We are so looking forward to our next dining experience at this elegant place.
As for the food the Oysters baked in a blue cheese butter sauce are excellent. Felt like I should have order two appetizers on this one. One of the best selections on the menu and a must order upon a return. 
The Mussels baked in garlic, parsley, and butter were a close second. The Chef knows what he is doing and he does it well.
The one disappointment and this is minor and does not distract from my rating was the Soup de Jour. It was a Corn and Crab Meat soup and did not rise to my expectations. Too much corn and not enough crab meat. Made me want to go back and try the Onion soup next time.
My wife went with the intentions of trying out their pizza. She has heard nothing but good things about their pizza. She ordered the Napolitana. She enjoyed it thoroughly and their small pizza is not small. Be prepared to take some home. Had some the next day at home and it was delicious. My mind was all French and so pizza was not on my list of things to enjoy.
The Filet de Porc Dijonnaise met all my expectations of what I expected from a Chef who produces delicacies in his or her kitchen. This selection had my taste buds dance up, down, and all over my happy tongue. I requested the meat to be cooked medium and it was perfect. The dish is served with steamed carrots, haricots vert and their pommes frites. The sides without the meat were a pleasure to consume. The veal was so good that I started to cut the pieces on my plate into smaller pieces of meat to make it all last longer. 
Being a gentleman I did offer my wife a small cut of the veal for her own enjoyment. She did love it too but that one offer was all she was to receive that night. 
The wine selected was a Domaine Raymond Usseglio Châteauneuf-du-Pape 2009. The type of wine that is very good with or without food. And it went so well with our selections even my wife's pizza. The wine list is impressive and the cost for most is reasonable for a restaurant. That is a big plus here and made me particularly happy. 
Let me not forget the bread that is placed on the table. Just too good and it takes a bit of will power not to munch too much on this bread. You know you desire to save room for all that is going to come.
Desserts for us had to be for another visit. Very good coffee to finish a fantastic meal and we left happy thinking about a return visit.
Parking was easy on the street. This is a no credit card business but they will accept your personal check with no problem. So if you do not wish to carry cash out at night just bring a check. 
This place has my Seal of Approval!Let me start by saying that the food here is good, really good.  I'd added Ciro's to my list of "things to do" during this visit to New Orleans and marked it off the list on my fist night.  The hard part for me was deciding exactly what I wanted to eat, and had to remind myself several times that I'll be back again soon.  With that said, on to the food...
For a starter we had the escargots.  It's always hard for me to turn down snails.  I think that restaurants that have escargot on the menu should have no other starters or soups.  The other items always sound tempting, but I can never turn down those fat little bastards swimming around in their pools of oil or butter.  Case in point:  a cold avocado soup was the soup du jour last night at Ciro's and I had to turn it down because I couldn't think past the snails.  If you're not a fan of snails A) get your head checked and B) there are several other items on the starter menu that will amuse your mouth.  
I surprised myself by not ordering the duck, but definitely not disappointed that I did not.  What surprised me more was that I ordered mussels.  Typically I shy away from mussels.  First, I had an experience at an establishment in Richmond that left me feeling slightly adverse to ordering them again.  Second, Anthony Bourdain commented about eating mussels in one of his books and I follow Bourdain like some people followed Jim Jones.  Well...maybe that's a bit histrionic, but you get my drift.  Third, that ridiculous song by Squeeze about pulling mussels from a shell always gets stuck in my head and that is just unacceptable.  But enough of my ridiculousness...  There are four mussel choices on the menu:  marinara, curry, provencal and bleu cheese.  I asked the waitress to help me decide between curry and provencal and finally settled on the latter.  The mussels are cooked in a simple tomato-based sauce with herbs.  I'm glad I chose this one because I was not in the mood for a creamy sauce.  My lovely lady ordered the hanger steak and it was cooked to perfection.  I do not eat too much red meat, but I would definitely order this one on a return visit here.  The frites were good, albeit a bit lukewarm and not as Belgian as I'd prefer, but they were above average and not worth complaining about.  
Several reviewers have commented about the service.  Is it slow?  In an American sense, yes.  We've been trained to expect Cracker Barrel service where a server has water to your table before your ass hits the chair and they bring your check as soon as you place your order. It's the mentality of herding cattle through the feeding area.  Moo.  In and out.  The European dining experience is about the food and the experience of being at the restaurant enjoying damn good food.  I thought that the service at Ciro's Cote Sud was European rather than slow.  Water and bread were placed on our table within minutes of being seated and the waitress was friendly, funny and quick to offer suggestions to this first-timer.  If you're a person that expects wham-bam-thank you ma'am service then perhaps this is not the place for you.  If you go out to eat good food and spend good money on that food, why not sit back enjoy the company you're with and turn the dining experience into an experience rather than treating it like you're getting a root canal?  Go to Cote Sud, order some wine and enjoy good friends and great food.  
AND BRING CASH OR CHECKThis is a gem that many people miss. Great French flavor as well as wonderful pizza I remember from my days at Tulane. Ask the owner the story.
Every time I go I have something different. The French onion soup was good and the salads so fresh. Try it.  You'll be back !Can't beat the avocado salad and the mussels!! Great French 75's, too. Everyone is super friendly. Great ambiance as well!!I really like this place. The food is very good. The atmosphere very romantic and relaxing. The seating is a little uncomfortable but that's about the only bad thing I can say about this place.Cash only! Substitute the French fries for anything...basically five guys fries. Atmosphere sweet, wine selection very nice and affordable, food was very nicely prepared. 
I had the mussels in a beautiful red sauce...the herbs and veggies  were fresh! Lovely bread for dipping! 
Enjoy a slow and bistro style evening.Absolutely delicious! I can't wait to go back and explore the menu!  Waiters perfect, appetizers, and entrees----so good.  Prices so reasonable for what you get.  Chairs a little uncomfortable though, only flaw.Is exceptional food and a pleasant wait staff enough to outweigh totally rude treatment by the bartender/manager? This was my experience at Cote Sud. We arrived early for our 6pm reservation and after being seated at a table for 4, we were asked to move to a different table by the bartender/manager dressed in black in order to accommodate a large party that needed the tables reconfigured. We accommodated this person not realizing that she had positioned us under an air vent. Within 15 minutes of sitting, the air came on full blast and it was cold even though the outside temperature was in the mid-50s. Appetizers came and they were delicious, our waiter was pleasant and efficient and another person would come out and check on us. Now, as we proceeded with our meal, we noticed that the table we were asked to move from was actually given to another party of 4 so the large party story was just that, a story; also, after requesting that the air be turned off, it came on within 5 minutes and remained on for the rest of our meal so that we had to eat in our coats. Our entrees came and we ate in a timely manner. We then ordered dessert. One member of our party had not made a decision and the nasty bar person came to ask if everything was okay. My friend said she would like to order a dessert and she barely got the name out before Dragon lady nastily informed her that I had ordered the last one and they didn't have any more. Mind you, this was around 7:30 in a restaurant that opened at 5:30. She didn't ask if she wanted something else and proceeded to corner our waiter and within earshot, say that she needed to get us out of there because she had a large party waiting for their tables. We finished our desserts, paid the tab and left. After such rude and impolite treatment, I will never go to the restaurant again; and that's a shame because as I said, the food is delicious and the wait staff is very proficient. If you decide to go, don't' sit at the middle table for 4 on the left as you enter; you will freeze and get the bum's rush!Great rustic French food and shockingly good pizza, maybe the best pizza in town. That's a seemingly odd combination, but it works.  The moules and frites are some of the best, in particular their version with blue cheese.  One caveat: no credit cards.Nice little neighborhood restaurant that serves French food and delicious pizza. Ciro's Cote Sud is tucked away on Maple Street. It is fairly small, and there are a few tables outside. This would be a great spot for a nice, yet not terribly expensive, dinner date.
Ciro's Cote Sud serves a variety of French appetizers such as Moules Gratinees- mussels baked in garlic, butter, and parsley. Yum. It serves all your favorite French entrees such as Moules Frites (4 options) and Steak Frites; there many other tasty sounding entrees- including salmon, duck, and pork tenderloin. Ciro's Cote Sud also serves really good pizza, made with fresh, homemade, no sugar added dough. I like the Bianca- mozzarella cheese, garlic sauc, feta, artichoke hearts, spinach, tomatoes, onions, and pesto. You may be tempted to order the large since it is only $2 more, but the small serves at least two people, if not three.
I have heard complaints about the service, that it is stand-offish. I don't find that to be a problem but it is possible they are understaffed.
It is important to note that Ciro's Cote Sud is cash & checks only.
If you are near the Riverbend and are looking for a nice French meal OR a great pizza, look no further than Ciro's Cote Sud.This is perhaps one of the most underrated restaurants in uptown New Orleans. If you want an authentic taste of French pizza while enjoying a romantic ambiance, Cote Sud is your place!I went here on a Friday night. We did not have reservations and we seated right away. This place is adorably romantic and quaint. The theme inside is Italian with white table cloths on the tables and grapes hanging from the sconce lighting on the walls. The story is that it was once an Italian restaurant with the original pizza ovens turned french. It is cash only so make sure you know that before going. I was tempted to order the pizza but I just wanted a steak. I went with the steak frites that comes with veggies and french fries. I think this steak is one of the best steaks in the city and can totally compete with any steak house. I loved the flavors that were happening on this piece of meat and I couldn't tell our waitress enough how much I loved it. She was pleasant and very fast with refills and what not. I intend to come back and try their pizza out. Beautiful gem in Uptown.Unique French Restaurant located in a neighborhood in the Carrollton area. Glad we called first because found out they only take cash or checks. No problem. The restaurant is quaint, cozy, small, bistro style. I think this place would be amazing if they made a few changes. To start, our waitress was clueless. From asking about drinks, questions about the food on the menu, she had to always go back and ask someone. My friend wanted a Martini with olives. The olives were brought out in a dish with his drink. I ordered a Pinot Grigio that was good... but the waitress brought me something different in the second round. The food... good but different. Ordered the mussels. They came out on a plate. Hmm. Strange to me. Tasty but not what I was doing expecting. No sauce?I had a filet mignon for my entree. Decent but overcooked. Requested medium rear. It was medium to well done. Tasty, but not what I asked for. My friend got the lamb chops. They were delicious! We enjoyed those. We asked for s aioli for the French fries. It tasted like tartar sauce. Very delicious.... but not what was expected. I would try this place again. The food was decent. Some things need some improvement. Loved the atmosphere.Excellent French restaurant.  Very good specials of duck and soft shell crab.  Very reasonable prices.  A hidden gem that is as good as any of the well known places in New OrleansFood was mediocre. Roaches were crawling on the walls and tables. When I mentioned the roaches to the manager she was dismissive of their presence. If the roach problem is that bad in the dining area, I can't even imagine how bad it must be in the food preparation areas. Too grossed out to ever go back!This is a full-throated, thoroughly French restaurant.  Food is well-prepared with a light touch.  Everything from fish to meats to poultry.  Waiting staff are well informed about food and French wine pairings.  This is a small place, off the beaten tourist path.  I can usually walk in and see most tables filled with locals.  One of my favorites in New Orleans, and not one I hear people mention very often.  In a land of French-Creole, this is more Provence-French.  The no credit card policy is pretty typical for many New Orleans small businesses, though a surprise if you don't expect it.
This place matches my quirky personality.First experience here and it won't be the last! We didn't realize it was their first night open for dine in, and they didn't skip a beat. The food was exactly what we hoped with classic French cuisine and a great wine selection. Service was delightful and genuine. The decor was quaint and as if you were in a country cottage in Provence! We're looking forward to our next visit already!I have not eaten at a lot of French restaurants; I'm not a big fan of cream sauces, and I'm not a fan of anything overpriced. But this place was not only authentic, it was a great value, especially for NOLA. True, it's a bit surprising that they don't take credit cards, so be prepared. But the Penne Rigate was so ridiculously good I literally insisted on going back the next night and ordering it again. It was one of the most unbelievable things I've ever had -- if subtle amounts of curry are showing up in French food elsewhere, I'm going to be eating a lot of French food in the future. To be honest, nothing else we had was as good as that, and there was nothing special about the pizza. But the food at Ciro's Cote Sud could probably go for twice as much, esp. if it were in the French Quarter. The tiny little place really does remind you of France, and the service is very good.I was really looking forward to trying this place, as I'd heard good things about it. I ordered carry out and was given a total and told it would be 20-30 minutes. I arrive within that timeframe and my food was ready to go. The lady checking me out tells me the total again and I hand her my card. She looked at me like I was from another planet and tells me that they don't take cards, only cash or check. They do not have an ATM so I had to go a few blocks down to find one, pay an ATM fee and go back to get my food. My boyfriend had more cash at home so had I known when I placed the order I could've avoided the whole thing. I told them that they should've mentioned that they don't take CC when I placed the order. They were very unapologetic and rude about the whole thing. By the time I got home, of course the food was cold. The pizza was ok. I also got the goat cheese salad and it was way overpriced. It was iceberg lettuce with a few pieces of Romain tossed in and three pieces of toasted stale bread with goad cheese spread on top. Not worth $9 at all. The restaurant also smelled like mothballs. I will not be back.Such a cute little place! The picture is of my leftover lamb-didn't get to take a pic at the restaurant:( It was delicious, scalloped potatoes sooo good! Also had a 'small' pizza that was HUGE and delicious!Cozy, small restaurant with plenty of atmosphere, French food and good pizzas. Nice staff and casual atmosphere. I love the pâté and cheese plates for an appetizer or a meal. Good French onion soup, however, they no longer top the whole bowl with cheese like they used to. The cheese is only on the crouton now, but the soup has a rich hardy beef broth with lots of onions. The avocado salad has an entire avocado half and the pear salad is excellent. My husband loves the duck breast and beef. Can get a pizza and beer or a full meal. Desserts are fabulous from crème brûlée to apple tart with ice cream. We have tried them all and have never been disappointed. One of our favorite neighborhood restaurants!I be picking up at least weekly since we've been confined. This is one of my all time favorites so I want it to succeed. Last week I ordered the avocado salad but was given the maison salad. Last night I ordered avocado and received it. 
Last week I ordered the shrimp with zucchini , specifying very light sauce. It was swimming in sauce. 
Last night I ordered pan sautéed speckled trout. I received a different fish ( drum) poached, with green beans ( not asparagus), mashed potatoes smeared all over the top ( I hate mashed potatoes!).
Is the chef just doing what he wants (ciro?) or is
my friend who takes the order ( I do it in person) just not relaying what I want?
At any rate, CHECK YOUR ORDER before you leave 
The pizza people seem to be happy. 
I didn't see Olivia or I would have spoken to him. 
Anyway, ate avocado salad and Rice Krispies for dinnerLovely and intimate even for a party of one. Beautiful avocado salad, delicious escargot, perfectly delectable salmon. Cash or check only for this unique small restaurant on Maple St. They also serve fabulous pizza. Limited outdoor seating plus cozy indoor. Reservations encouraged. Dine in or to go. 
Closed Tuesday and WednesdayLovely little French/pizza restaurant on Maple. It's cozy and romantic with an extensive wine list and across the board entrees. The specials usually feature Louisiana seafood ( thanks Oliver ).  Reservation by phone only  and check or check for payment. 
Roxanne runs this quaint dining spot. Closed on Tuesday and Wednesday.It was very consistently bad. That's about the best I can say about it. The ambience could've been good, but they packed too many tables into this charming house, so it was really loud. The wine list is fine. The food is... not fine. I started with French onion soup bc i think this is usually an excellent way to judge a French-ish restaurant. It was kind of sad, just a bit of gruyere and lacking that red wine complexity that makes this soup satisfying. Hubs got frog leg salad... which was just a limp sales with some poorly sliced tomatoes and some frog legs thrown on as an afterthought. Like maybe in menu planning, the non French owners were like, "don't French people like frog legs? Yeah, let's fry some and throw them on a completely unassociated salad. Everyone will love it bc it seems French and not notice the crappy salad."
We followed up with Penne Rigate "in a curry sauce". Which apparently in French means someone that's been to India microwaved butter on top of the rigatoni. Hubs had lamb, which wasn't bad, but the mashed potatoes were barely cooked raw potato with, I kid you not, a piece of gruyere or Swiss just melted on top. We had a side of frites, which were normal French fries instead of those stringy, fun, actual frites. Maybe frites can be "anything French fry", I'm no expert, but underwhelming. Speaking of underwhelming, the Poire Belle Helene was sliced grocery canned pears in vanilla ice cream with more whipped cream than i think even my seven year old could bear, thus ending a consistently poor meal. The service is crap. Oh and no credit cards bc the 3% fee cuts into what I assume is a HUGE profit margin for the inferior product they're using in their food. Gross. Boo. Never again.the most adorable small french restaurant! easily over looked on maple street and full of locals, 10/10 recommend. south of france vibes. kind staff. i love their pizzas! I live near by and pick them up all the time (great to go service, just give them a call 30-40 min ahead of time!) my most important warning on cote sud ---- THEY ARE CASH ONLY! -- -- they do have an atm nearby i believe but if you want to avoid fees make sure to have plenty of cash on hand.As authentically French as you will find anywhere in New Orleans. French owner knows his food and wine. The small restaurant is situated uptown and is mostly frequented by locals who have been dining here for years. That's got to tell you how great this place is. Make sure you reserve. 
Favourite dishes- oysters, mussels, redfish, escargot and soft shell crab. The wine list offers the best of French wines. The team will help you choose a wine to compliment your food: such a relaxed atmosphere. If you have ever visited France, this will take you back there to reminisce. Perfect for a romantic dinner or family get together.What a wonderful experience we had at this little French gem!  Escargot in the traditional bordelaise , pasta with grilled shrimp, and an outstanding redfish almandine with grilled asparagus. Check or cash onlyHad a lovely dinner for two here last night. We had never been and I'm so happy my boyfriend found it. Service was lovely, food was delicious and the ambiance hit the mark. We will definitely be back, perhaps before a show at the Maple Leaf for a little calm before the storm.This place is actually a great little French Bistro that also does pizza.  They would get a higher ranking except they make things very inconvenient by only taking cash/check and that greatly reduces my ability to enjoy this place.  I just don't like to carry lots of cash around, as although this place isn't terribly expensive it would take a bit to have a nice meal and drink some good wine for a couple here, so they really lose out on money I would spend if I could use my debit card.  The atmosphere here is very cozy and it is a great spot to bring a date.  I've enjoyed everything I've eaten here and I've always had decent if a tad slow service.  I would frequent this place much more but for the large inconvenience of them not taking credit/debit cards.Magic!. The simple ambiance that this place possesses is rare. Dim lighting and exposed beams give this a romantic vibe that makes you want to stay. All too often, it's said that New Orleans isn't a pizza town before the arrival of Domenica and Pizza Delicious. Not only is this pizza righteous, but it's been around since the 1960's, and remained on the menu after the place became a French bistro. The crust is crisp with nice char spots, and the sauce is simple and bright. Everything about this pizza was good. I like the space so much, I'll be back for some French fare.My date and I enjoyed a late dinner at Cote Sud last Saturday night. The dining room was a bit loud but probably because the other guests were at the later end of dinner with wine. We each ordered a salad and then split a main. His was duck leg confit and mine goat cheese on toast with walnuts. I could see the salmon main was perfectly cooked before I even tasted it. I guess my preference would have been a little more veggies on the plate and greens on salad however everything was delicious. Service was prompt. I think our server was new because she (a) plopped the bill directly in front of one guest (me, the female) instead of end of the table, which we laughed at, and (b) she took my credit card but returned later to say they only take cash. No worries though. We really enjoyed the meal and appreciate them staying open after 10. I mostly wrote this review to share pictures of the salads because I didn't see any on Yelp.What a great spot! We've been here many times and always get the little table by the window. The vibe is cozy, comfy, and casual. The menu offers lots of choices and all are yummy! Do yourself a favor and give them a try!This romantic ( not so much right now) is currently doing take-out Thursday through Monday. I believe they have their full menu available and, as always, pizza. Cash or check onlyI think this is a very special small restaurant. The service was excellent. Felt like a real French meal so had Escargot, French onion soup and rack of lamb. Every dish was just right. Lamb was perfectly cooked and potatoes gratin that accompanied were great. Liked the wine list and chocolate cake dessert. We will be back.This restaurant should be kept hidden from all tourists.   Beyond the great pizzas, there is a hidden gem of a French bistro.   Who would have thought?    Only in New Orleans.  Don't tell the tourists, please.  If you are lucky enough to discover it, enjoy and take your time.   No rush-New Orleans time.