Five stars, always.  I am a tough brunch critic and this is one of the only places I can depend on.  The line always moves fast- you never have to park more than a block and a half away- so ignore the reviews complaining about that.  So long as you're not trying to come in with five people at 11 you can get in in 20 min or less.  Priced so that you can either get a sweet or savoury dish and then get a little side of the other, so you don't have to choose between!  The grits are the star though, and Deb is the best.  Love Coulis.I have new found respect for hollandaise and Eggs Benedict as a dish. I had the variation with pulled pork on a biscuit and it was heavenly. The coffee was good and my cup kept filling up every few minutes. The place and the waitstaff were courteous and friendly (such is the charm of NOLA) but really the food was fantastic and the menu had a lot of options.I love breakfast food and am constantly on the lookout for the ideal breakfast experience.  Since moving to New Orleans last year I have been pleased to see so many local breakfast and brunch places scattered around the city, so I figure my chances are high that I'll find the perfect spot.  Alas, Coulis is not it.
THE GOOD
Eggs Benedict:  There were definitely some misses here, but this dish was not one of them.  The pulled pork debris was a tad dry, but it didn't have to be moist when you could mix it in with the egg yolk, which was perfectly poached.  Hollandaise sauce was also spot-on.  Only one complaint: while I love the idea of using the corn cake as the bread instead of the English muffin, unfortunately even my heightened sensitivity to spiciness (i.e. I'm too weak-sauce to handle real spicy foods) couldn't detect any hint of the jalapeno that was supposed to be in it.  I think that even with my slight aversion to spice, a little bit of a kick would have helped the dish stand out even more.
THE BAD
Hash Browns:  Complete failure.  Without eating them I could tell they were dry and hard without any flavor.  I don't know what the cooks were thinking sending them out from the kitchen looking the way they did.  Tasting them only confirmed what I saw.  I don't send back food unless it's completely inedible, so while they were towing that line I knew I could still eat them with some ketchup.  In addition, we were in a rush so I just sucked it up and ate what I could.  They were not pleasant bites though, plus it costs $3 for a side of them.  Talk about a rip-off.
Omelet:  The eggs were cooked to the point where they passed being fluffy and started to slightly have the texture of rubber tires.  Not that I've eaten a lot of rubber tires in my life, but you get the picture.  Again, we were in a rush and hungry so we did the best we could.  Oh yeah, and the hash browns that came with it were just as bad as the side order.  At least the ingredients inside the omelet tasted good (mushrooms, sausage).  I'm sure that not all their omelets turn out this way, but it still shouldn't happen even one time.
PURGATORY
Service:  They were busy, but it wasn't volume that any server with a modicum of training couldn't handle.  Sadly ours was often nowhere to be found, whether it be for simple requests like getting a straw or a refill, to actually placing our order.  I'll just give her the benefit of the doubt and say she was having a bad day, but still, it wasn't the best experience.
Bacon:  Nice thick pieces, but expensive ($3) and a little bit too chewy and rubbery for my tastes.  It's like the cooks didn't do justice to the quality of bacon that they were given to prepare.
OVERALL
Based on this review, Coulis deserves 2 stars at best, but I have been there once before and it was an admittedly much better experience, save for the service which was unfortunately pretty much the same both times.  From my best recollection, I have also eaten the Croissant and Egg Sandwich and tried others' Steak and Eggs and Eggs Creole.  I don't remember being wowed but I also don't remember having anything bad to say either.  I'll probably give this place another try, but based on its inconsistency alone I believe there are better breakfast joints in the city.The food is absolutely amazing!  I go on the weekdays to get breakfast before work.  I call in my order and it's ready when I get there.  It is becoming a part of my morning routine.  Cheesy grits....yummmy!This is a popular breakfast and brunch spot that often seems to attract a queue of people waiting to get in.  They have lunch during the weekday but the weekend is all breakfast.  The steak and eggs is probably the smallest portion of steak I've ever had anywhere for that dish and their hashbrowns seem closer to thick cut potato chips but everything is generally executed well.  I personally prefer veal grillades and here they do pork.  You can bring your own liquor or champagne and they have mixers to let you create your own Bloody Mary or mimosa treats.  Overall this is a good place for brunch or weekday lunch with friendly service but I wouldn't wait in line to get in.EGGS BENEFICIO. Get it. Dont miss out, you will regret it. Get it! Treat yourself! This place is just great though, its a can't miss off St. Charles street.The food is delicious. The servers aren't overly friendly, but they bring your food.  They were also super helpful when I wanted to make a substitution in my meal. 
Like many other places, they don't split checks so you need to do it yourself. Luckily, the thing you're holding in your hand is also a calculator. 
If you want your eggs slightly stiff, don't order them over easy. Order them over medium.  
I'll be back here often. I'm a local.Pretty good. I came here during the Mardi Gras break so there was a bit of a line but we were seated relatively quickly and our waitress was cool. She had some sweet tattoos and was friendly and knew the food which I always appreciate.  
I got the corny beefy partly because the name was funny and partly because I like corned beef.   I liked the sliced apples that came as a dressy part of my dish. My friends got bagel with lox which looked amazing and eggs benedict which also looked amazing. I'll probably go back again as I enjoyed breakfast and it wasn't overwhelmingly heavy. 
Wasn't a great review as it's been a couple of days since I last ate here...Great neighborhood breakfast place that's busy most days. Migas and french toast are good. Potatoes are awesome. Upscale diner like place.The breakfast food was very flavorful. I had pecan French toast and biscuits and gravy for $12. Worth the price. Only disappointed that they didn't have mimosas on the menu.Great customer service and the food was amazing.....some of the best corned beef I've ever had :) Will definitely be back the next time we are here. ..Maybe because we went during lunch vs breakfast/brunch I am missing something about the popularity of this place. Was very excited to try this place out today after my kids doctor appointments. Went into the restaurant which had maybe....3 or 4 tables of customers total...weren't greeted, ok...seated ourselves and waited for 5-10 minutes before I went to the counter myself to get menus. Mind you this is in a mostly empty restaurant where I had attempted to make eye contact or call over someone but just kind of was ignored. The waitress did apologize for this I will say.
The lunch menu is really small, hamburger, one salad, a few sandwiches with fries. Salad could have just as easily come from a chain, I tried one of my child's  fries and it tasted like  straight oil that it was cooked in. We went to the bathroom a few minutes after the food was out, and when I came back the check was already on the table. Waitress was nowhere for the rest of the meal.
Again maybe the breakfast food is better but this was a really disappointing lunch, both food and service. I wouldn't come back again, unfortunately.So so good! The specials were shrimp and grits and a banana fosters French toast. We ordered both and was so happy we did. The grits were so creamy and perfectly salted. The shrimp had delicious seasoning and it was perfect on the toast points. The French toast wasn't overly sweet so the wonderful banana and French bread flavor shone though. Service was great and so helpful giving us directions to get around the Garden district. This is definitely on my Must list for the next trip back to New Orleans.In love with Coulis! I'm a Pescetarian (eat fish no meat) and I still love this meat loving place! Get the EGGS BERNICIO (with meat on side for the boyfriend). Phenomenal. Also try the BISCUIT & GRAVY and have the options for an ONION GRAVY. It's out of this world and I'm addicted! Haven't had biscuits and gravy in years and now I can enjoy it :D Simple place. Good price.I really wanted to eat at Coulis. After driving around for 15 minutes looking for parking, I finally parked in a pay lot that only takes credit cards. Only to get to Coulis and find that they only take cash, which I didn't have on me. Thanks, Coulis for wasting my time and money.Always delicious as breakfast for lunch! Also quick & near the house, just off the streetcar.  Had eggs ranchero.  Awesome!this place was amazing! we saw some champagne on someone else's table, so my husband ran across the street to grab us a bottle. there was no corkage fee, but we paid for that with the $15 carafe of orange juice. all well worth it to enjoy mimosas during our meal.
I ordered the juevos rancheros "shaunna style" which was SO good. their black beans were done right, the ranchero sauce tasted excellent and the pulled pork was spot on. 
the staff was friendly, the place was chill, food was excellent. we will definitely be back here when we are in town next.I was reluctant to visit this place since I changed owners and names. My mistake! My daughter and I went to breakfast and I had the Eggs Benicio and her the corny beef. The Benicio is a jalapeño, cheese corn cake topped with savory pulled pork, two poached eggs and hollandaise. It is really a piece of art: slight heat of the jalapeño, a bit of sweet in the corn cake, simple meaty, savory of the pork, decadence of a perfectly soft yoke and a touch of acidic creaminess in the hollandaise. Trust me here, and try it! The corny beef was not slouch either with a corn beef/potato hash with a bit of crisp, two poached eggs and hollandaise. I'm not a big fan of meat in the morning, but I make an exception here. (Right up there with the Abita pot roast biscuit at Buns on Banks, my only other exception). 
We had a pancake too, and it was huge, fluffy, and really good. No mealy, ordinary flapjacks here. 
Go early as the line can stack up, but definitely try Coulis for breakfast!The food is simply great, I had egg pendict their own style , with pulled pork and it was amazing, fresh orange juice was v good too. The service is friendly but can use some improvement.Best uptown breakfast/brunch spot with affordable prices. Simple menu, great staff, and even when there's a line out the door the wait is not more than 30 mins or so.While I was a staltwart Bluebird Cafe fan as well as an admirer of the late chef James Leeming's cooking at Dick and  Jenny's, it nevertheless took me awhile to warm to Coulis. Maybe it was the fairly short menu or its somewhat prosaic selections...who knows. My girlfriend, however, loves this place and sometimes, you need to see a restaurant through the eyes (or tastebuds) of a true fan.
       Coulis does breakfast right and pretty much has something for everyone; the big, thin pancakes have that great crispy to cakey balance; the lox and bagel is really cool, delivered as a sandwich with capers, cream cheese, avocado and beets(!)...and the bagels are seared on the griddle, which yields a delightful texture and flavor. A few specialty egg dishes accompany the standard omelette and other breakfast warhorses. These days, you are nothing to breakfast fiends if you don't serve rightous cheese grits, and Coulis doesn't disappoint.
          The lunch options are pretty ordinary but solid; burgers, grilled cheese, a few other sandwiches and bits and bobs.
     The folks working at Coulis seem like family...friendly, familier, and eccentric. Service is always good, food is delivered quickly and your glass is rarely empty for long.Fantastic service. Great standard brunch menu. And how great is any place that's byob!?The food was wonderful, on track for all the stars. The service was weird and our waitress scammed us.
Our waitress repeatedly mentioned how she could use a Bloody Mary, so we bought her a tiny bottle of vodka from the kwicky mart across the street. She was thrilled and told us she felt so much better after that drink, she was going to bring us each a bloody mary.  We told her that we didn't want them, to which she replied "oh don't worry, we'll work it out". Then she brought them anyway. Our bill came and we were charged for our drinks...and hers. She also disappeared as soon as she dropped  it off, so after 15 min of waiting we had to hand our money to another server.  
The food here was good but after such bizarre treatment by our waitress, we won't be coming back.Maybe I'm justing missing the Blue Bird, but I thought the menu at Coulis was a little sparse.  I almost never eat breakfast out so was looking for something....but whatever it was wasn't on the menu.  Which is more a personal problem, I know.
So I ordered the breakfast sandwich and I think they scrambled up 3 eggs to go on it which was bit much for the croissant.  And we had a service bobble (the server didn't think E had ordered anything), but it was remedied with appropriate apologies. 
Maybe I'll try again for lunch...This is a great little cafe! Can get a little busy, but it is worth the wait. I highly recomend the Creole Eggs (I posted a photo).I'm not a breakfast type of person.  With this admission it would be surprising that I end up with some friends at a place that serves brunch.  I gave in, and had some really outstanding food.  Admittedly, I'm the type of Yelp user that is bimodal either writing about how absolutely amazing a place was, or how surprisingly bad an experience was.  This review should serve as a perfect amalgamation of the two.  
The food was absolutely stellar.  The wait was a bit long, though after a quick trip across the street to acquire a refreshing beverage and an issue of "Just Busted" the wait was very tolerable.  Our waitress was pleasant, though in all honesty seemed like she had a rough previous night (or longer).  I'll defer to another review by a friend to fill in the next details, since he quite accurately depicts the event (see below):
"The food was wonderful, on track for all the stars. The service was weird and our waitress scammed us.
Our waitress repeatedly mentioned how she could use a Bloody Mary, so we bought her a tiny bottle of vodka from the kwicky mart across the street. She was thrilled and told us she felt so much better after that drink, she was going to bring us each a bloody mary.  We told her that we didn't want them, to which she replied "oh don't worry, we'll work it out". Then she brought them anyway. Our bill came and we were charged for our drinks...and hers. She also disappeared as soon as she dropped  it off, so after 15 min of waiting we had to hand our money to another server.  
The food here was good but after such bizarre treatment by our waitress, we won't be coming back."
I would just highlight we thought we were doing a nice gesture for someone who was finishing their shift.  Getting scammed like that was really inexcusable and a really easy way to ruin a dining experience.  I opened the "Just Busted" issue to double-check that she wasn't listed in this edition for similar shenanigans, but to no avail.  I couldn't even get another look at her since she disappeared for so long and we had to ask another server for the check.  The bottle she took from us wasn't that big to distract her so long, so I'm not entirely sure what she was up to.  Also before you say "well she probably thought you were intoxicated" or "perhaps she thought you were flirting with her offering her the drink" I can assure you neither of the two could be further from the truth.  Even with after the bloody mary she was no where near any of our types. 
Let me just again mention that the food was great and all the other servers whom we interacted with were very great and friendly.  Also above-average coffee.disregard the hater reviews on here- not sure what their glitches are because this place is freakin' delicious. we had the benicio eggs, huevos rancheros and a side of fresh fruit and it was all amazing. quick friendly service. four enthusiastic thumbs up!!!I would definitely recommend this for breakfast. I had the Ultimate French Toast and loved every bite of it.  The service was spectacularly friendly with out being overbearing. Just perfect!Best breakfast in town! Everything Is fresh and delicious as if you made it at home :) the staff is awesome and the owner is the most amazingly friendly lady :) there's isn't anything on the menu that isn't top quality and taste!!! 
Love Ena&EthanI ordered the special which was shrimp and grits. It was nothing like the shrimp and grits you get anywhere in nola!! The shrimp were "sautéed" but they weren't cooked at all. It looked  like raw shrimp in my cheesy grits. When the waitress took our tab she asked how was everything. I was honest with her and told her the shrimp were not cooked that she might want to tell the chef that, and that I didn't touch my food because it was not at all how shrimp and grits are in south La. she apologized and still charged me for the meal even though zero was touched! Not coming backCoulis is your standard diner. I feel like it's a hit and miss with service and food. Last time came in with a group and everyone's food seemed the vary with either missing something it was supposed to or subpar in taste-- for like standard eggs and pancakes. I feel like the items that deliver more solidly in consistency and taste are the super high calorie ones (eggs benicio, yumm). Service ranges from friendly and good to awkward to apathetic. Coffee is solid though. Not sure I'd come back when there are so many other options around NOLA.This is a happy place. If you find yourself out in that part of the city, stop in and you won't regret it. There can sometimes be a wait, but it's worth it.What a fantastic little cafe this is!  BF and I had a great Sunday brunch experience during our recent weekend in NO.  Initially, we were not thrilled about the 20 minute wait outside (it's too tiny for patrons to wait in the restaurant) in the mostly unshaded heat (owners-please consider extending the awning a few feet!), but breakfast was definitely worth it.  I had the huevos rancheros and it was perfectly seasoned and spiced.  BF had the eggs benicio, an inventive spin on the classic benedict made with shredded pork.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the jalapeno and cheddar corn cakes are nothing short of inspired.  We sat at the counter and the bartender/cashier/waitress was attentive and sweet.  A bit of advice- save your window shopping on Magazine street for after your meal, as you will be ready to work off some of the calories you will be compelled to consume.  A must for those of you who, like us, are visiting and don't have the luxury of eating here whenever you want!Well we just had to stop and have brunch here after seeing the line outside the door and reading the reviews. Its a neat little cafe very clean with a very friendly staff. I had the famous egg Benedict and I have to say I have had better. The corn bread they use though was very tasty. I also had the buckwheat pancake and that was terrible. I actually threw it out couldn't quite finish it. 
It was average if you ask me. Nothing special.The staff is super friendly and attentive. Their food is amazing and I personally recommend the shrimp and grits whenever they have it!Very friendly service, good breakfast food, HUGE portions (even for New Orleans).  I ordered the 2 egg breakfast w/2 sides - either they use XXL eggs or they gave me at twice the number of eggs ordered.  The hash browns are like thick fried potato chips - unusual, but tasty.  The coffee is standard diner coffee, nothing special, but totally drinkable and refills are free and plentiful.  Only bad part of the meal (which was really my fault for not remembering this is the Deep South where it's presumed you want butter or bacon on everything) - the greasy english muffin - order your toast dry if you don't want it pre-soaked with butter.We recently moved here from SC. This place was DELICIOUS!! We had the Corney Beef, and a half order of the Eggs Benecia. Both were incredible, and it was plenty of food for my husband and I. Also, the coffee had great flavor! Love it, and we'll be recommending it to all of our visitors.I have to give the credit to my girlfriend for finding Coulis. We were in New Orleans for a graduate open house at Tulane University and she stumbled across Coulis while waiting for me to get done at the university. I started receiving picture messages of her food while I was sitting in a lecture. Long story short we returned the next day and I was blown away by the Eggs Benicio. The service has always been great and sometimes there is a wait, but its always worth it!
Since that first time, I have moved to New Orleans and now live right down the block from Coulis. I make it a point to take every visitor when in town and rave about this place every opportunity I have.Nice gem in quite business area. I had the bagel & lox with bacon. Matthew had ultimate French toast. Big portions, excellent service and not crowded since it is off the beaten path but close to streetcar.Great Lox.
I just got a quick bite to eat to go when head out of town.  The Lox was fantastic.  They put avocado on it and suggested to add bacon to my wife.  The sandwich was very large and tasty.  They did have a beet garnish on the sandwich for some reason.  That was kind of out of place.
I would go back.I've got no complaints !  True New Orleans style.  Very welcoming wait staff on Friday morning at 7:30am especially Joe and the waitress with dark hair and bangs.  Didn't catch her name.  It was uncrowded, and the food came quick.  I'm sure on the weekends it is bustling!
Food was delicious.  I had the $3 fruit cup side order which came with eight different fruit.  Yummy.  Coffee with lots of refills.  Eggs Creole -- scrambled eggs & cheese grits topped with sausage gravy. served with a grilled tomato & sourdough toast.  The portions are generous.  I'll be back!I'm giving this place five stars because I've never been as satisfied off of one pancake, ever and they have the best hashbrowns I've ever had.
Everyone says the pancakes are big, so I expected an overwhelmingly large pancake. It wasn't that big. You can get as many toppings as you want with no additional charge, which is great. That might add to why I was so full. Strawberries, blueberries, chocolate chips and pecans. The whipped cream smiley face was a nice touch :)
On to the hashbrowns. They're medallion-cut, which is something I've never really seen before in a hashbrown. Topped with green onions, they were delicious. I liked that I could eat them with my hands and I didn't need ketchup or anything. My goodness, thinking about them is making me hungry.
Very good food, very reasonable prices. Also, the wait staff was amazingly nice.Delicious breakfast, old New Orleans feel, great service!  I had the crab omelet special and it was yummy!I had the bagel & lox which I highly recommend! Although I am not an expert on this dish & the only other time I ate this was a month ago at Sarge's Deli in New York City, the dish at Coulis is good competition for Sarge's! The salmon was tasty and all ingredients were fresh and perfect. The bagel was lightly toasted & delicious. 
My husband had the corny beefy and, a man of few words, ate the whole dish without uttering a sound & then said "fantastic" which is a five star review for him! 
My son had the breakfast sandwich and loved it so Coulis gets two thumbs up from this family!Enjoy it every time we go. Attentive but not intrusive service, great food, pretty decent prices considering we're uptown. (I get that rent is expensive in the area, but I'm not looking to subsidize your losses with a $45. all in all, along with Cake Cafe, one of our two regular haunts!I like crisp bacon, but this was so over cooked. Eggs over easy, and the whites undercooked. I ate here a few weeks ago and it was great. What a bummer . We won't be back. :(Great breakfast. I made my own. Eggs were perfect. Cheese grits were cheesy and smooth. Coffee hot and aromatic. The buckwheat pancakes are thin. Never had a thin cake before and I must say that I liked them. Service was friendly with lots of coffee refills. You have to wait outside to get a table but that w as ok even though it was raining we were under the awning so we didn't get wet. They had a Migas as their special but being from San Antonio I just couldn't order Mexican food in NOLA.My sister was starting school nearby so we visited this place her first weekend in town. The breakfast is amazing! We went back twice. I'd recommend their twist on Eggs Benedict, the "Eggs Benecio". Great food at a reasonable price. I'll definitely return anytime I'm in town.I live a few blocks from here and have been meaning to try it out in case I need it to be my new breakfast and lunch spot. Came here on a Saturday around 11, we waited about ten minutes. It didn't look overly crowded but servers had to bus their own tables. Service was great and friendly. I had the grillades and grits since I usually order shrimp and grits. It was nice and filling two smaller pork chops with a tomato based sauce on top. The bf got some a la carte breakfast items and loved how the biscuits and gravy were flavorful and the pancake was thin and crispy all around, though not sure if one pancake was worth $4. A friend got the benecio and of course inhaled it. I'm sure there are plenty of other reviews on that. Looking forward to come back to coulis to try lunch!My breakfast at Coulis was among the best meals I ate over the course of three days in NOLA. Our party of seven ordered a variety of dishes (plus some pancakes to share) and not a dish disappointed. Of particular note were the huevos and the eggs benedict. Service was great: friendly, attentive, not overbearing, excellent technique with the backhanded water pour.It's always a challenge getting into some of these New Orleans breakfast places on a weekend - seems like everyone wants greasy food on a New Orleans' weekend morning. Imagine that. However, I had a chance for a Friday morning breakfast and dropped in on Coulis on Prytania Street (in the location of the old Bluebird).
My first thought on walking in was that the place was freezing, but that could have been because it was empty and it was raining outside, so not a big deal, just be aware and bring a sweatshirt. There is a fair amount of seating and not packed on top of each other, so you have a bit of privacy. And the music was excellent! I don't think I've ever heard Guns-n-Roses "It's So Easy" (unedited, not really sure if that song could be edited and still exist) in a restaurant. Other selections included Cherry Bomb (The Runaways) and Mr. Roboto (Styx). Good stuff. The music wasn't booming or anything, just above background. Overall, I liked the atmosphere. I'm giving it a 22 out of 30 in that category.
The service was solid as well; of course, it was a Friday morning and empty, so tough to gauge what that would mean on a weekend. They don't take American Express, which isn't an issue to me, just saying. I'll give it a 13 out of 20 for service.
I had a very good omelet with excellent smoked sausage. I do go back to my old tenet that it's tough to really mess up an omelet, but good ingredients help a lot. Having said that, the side of bacon was bad, all dried up and crunchy, tough to event eat. The bread for the toast wasn't great either. As far as food, I'll give it a 28 out of 50. It was good, but sure glad I didn't wait in line for it.
Final score = 63 (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).That would be a BIG MEEHHH for this place. The wifey & I both had the Grillard special with the pork tenderloin, eggs, cheese grits & side of hash brown (chip like structures). The entire meal was bland, tasteless & boring, no great seasoning on anything & for $12 a piece with no damn hash browns/home fries or a piece of crusty toast to go with it this was an epic FAILLL! And this coming from a westcoast soilda who's had better southern dishes in (dare I say it) LA. I think if u can't get f****in pork or grits right u can't call ur self a true nawlins brkfst institution. Surreys around the corner is the truth for a Nawlins breakfast & I have a couple on my list i ll try nxt time in the NO never will I be deceived by the overrated star system on yelp.Oh man oh man.  If you don't come here for breakfast you are missing the boat.  The three of us all had outstanding meals.  The place and the waitresses are eclectic.  The place isn't much really to look at from the outside.  Really not much on the inside either.  Lol.  This place has been here awhile, whether as this restaurant or something else who knows.  The Huevos Rancheros that my friend got was a huge portion of food.  Salsa and black beans with eggs on top and then sour cream and cheese on top of that.  You get 4 fried tortilla strips to use as pushers you can later eat.  My other friend got the special of the day which he started eating too fast to get a good pic of.  It was a crawfish omelette and it looked like a good amount of crawfish tails.  I got the Eggs Benicio.  Compared to the other dishes it seemed small but it really was the perfect amount of food for me.  Plus it was rich with the hollandaise sauce.  So good!3.5/5 solid portions for price
i almost always get the creole eggs - i think something about a griddled tomato is just so appealing. it comes on a hearty bed of cheese grits and comes with some toast, and then the eggs seems like they've actually scrambled in 4 or 5! definitely filling start to the day.
as long as you come in on the early end of the day, you won't have to wait. the service is pretty friendly, and i know folks who are regulars who have good relationships with them. of the times i've been, i don't think i've ever had a bad plate. i like how the "hash" is more like thick chips - it's a fun change. 
my only complaint is that sometimes they go cash only, which is inconvenient.For an unassuming, cozy breakfast joint, this place couldn't be better. Even fairly early, there was a line out the door on a Sunday. They don't take reservations.
I've only been here twice, and the Egg Benicio was just so incredible that I've had to order it both times--PERFECTLY poached eggs over pulled pork served on jalapeno cheddar corncakes and drizzled with Hollandaise. It is beyond delicious! My boyfriend opted for the special, which was a delicious shrimp and grits. The orange juice was fresh squeezed, and the coffee strong and good.
Our server was super friendly and attentive. Several other servers topped by to see if I needed a refill on my coffee. 
Tip: I noticed that it said you could BYOB as they had mixers for Bloody Marys and mimosas. Might be a good (inexpensive) option to curb a hangover!We decided to check out Coulis as we wanted a good place local to where we were staying and didn't want to dress up and pay an arm and a leg for breakfast.  It seemed like they had some great reviews and the tattooed waitresses were not a turn-off for us so we decided to check them out.  The place was easy to find, nice and cool when we came in (a huge plus for me who is always hot heh) with ceiling fans and a nice strong A/C working overtime in the morning humidity of New Orleans.  
I decided to order the Eggs Benecio, despite not being a real big fan of jalapenos (I don't mind hot food, in fact I like it but have never truly cared much for jalapenos).  I had read they weren't that hot so I was ok with the biscuits being jalapeno.  I also wanted to try the hash browns so we got a side of those.  My fiance ordered the Rancho Cuervo eggs.  After a very friendly waitress took our order she got us some waters and we waited (and cooled off) for about 10 minutes before our food arrived.  Everything looked great, I took a bunch of pictures, which unfortunately appear to have been lost during the wonderful time my Droid decided to die (on vacation of course), which just goes to answer the question of "why do I need to upload these pictures to Yelp! now?  I can just do it later..."
The Eggs Benecio came out looking delicious and were in fact delicious.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the hollondaise sauce was awesome.  The jalapeno biscuits were also delicious but I really wasn't a fan of the jalapenos in them, I could have done without that but I get why they added them, it makes the dish unique, so I didn't eat all of the biscuits.  My fiance raved about the Rancho Cuervo eggs she had. It looked (and tasted) really really good, however the clear win of Coulis for me was the Hash Browns.  I'm not really sure why they call them hash browns as they don't really seem to be..well hash browns but whatever they are called (I'd call them fried potatoes) they are insanely delicious and all of them were scarfed up with some ketchup by Stefanie and I.  In the end our bill was pretty good too and we were well fed and left happy.  
Sorry about the lack of pictures (stupid Droid!!)100% worth the long wait on the weekends. Coulis does a great job of accommodating dietary restrictions and serves up piping hot plates of deliciousness. I got Huevos Rancheros and sometimes still dream about them....I had the grillades today. They were more like two pieces of breaded pork cutlets with gravy. The grits lacked seasoning, and my over-medium eggs were over-easy. The pancakes looked good though. I would return to Coulis, but not for the "grillades". So much for believing a yelp review lol.Good breakfast food, somewhat surly service depending on who you get.  Worth returning!
AC reeds some help tho.The eggs Benedict was fab! My wife had pancakes that were from scratch and almost didn't need syrup. Wish they were open longer- don't sleep in!GOODS: Eggs benecio was amazing, as other reviews have said. Jalapeño cornbread that it was on was the highlight for me, sweet and spicy combo makes the dish genius. Came in hungry for breakfast, and wasn't even able to finish. Added the "hash browns," which put us over the top. They're really sliced and fried potatoes, and too good. 
Service was attentive and friendly. Seat yourself tables. Came in at about 9am on a Friday, and we sat down immediately with tables to spare. The 2 servers efficiently managed the room.
In the heat and humidity, the atmosphere was casual and cool.
BADS: None.This place has an awesome menu and a great staff. Get there early it's usually line out the door after 10am.I discovered this place while my mom was having surgery across the street at Touro. I had seen it in passing and decided to eat there that morning. I have since been back a couple of times. The food is simple but good and the prices are very good. The chopped salad is wonderful.It is off the main road a block, but worth the search. Small, cozy, the beauty is in the simplicity.
Eggs, bacon, toast.... Classic basic breakfast with fresh squeeze OJ, for rather cheap!
Good food + friendly staff + low prices = awesome breakfast spotI am never disappointed. This place is so good and I always leave satisfied!!! My go to brunch spot to take people from out of town.
Bagel w/ lox is perfect, just perfect. The bagel is always so soft and the lox is always salty, but not too salty. I'm not a big fan of cream cheese, but don't mind it here bc they spread a light, thin layer that I taste it, but not really. Lol. 
Huevos rancheros. I don't eat this, but my bf loves it! He's eaten all of it within 30 seconds, which means it must really be good! I think it has eggs, salsa, and some other stuff like beans? Lol. I'm not sure. It always looks very good, but it's just not my type of breakfast. 
The corny beefy is delicious! And the eggs are always poached perfectly to give the right amount of "yolk porn" for videos and pictures. 
I have also tried their French toast. Pretty good, very different from any of the other brunch places in town. 
I always get their hashbrowns. They look like chips, but thicker and not as greasy tasting. They have just the right amount of crunch.
I tend to judge my brunch spots by their biscuits. And oh boy, their biscuits are flakey and buttery. Just the way I love them. Therefore 5 stars.Amazing restaurant from the food down to the service.  The people who run this place have real heart and soul.  You are missing out if you don't support this gem in New OrleansAmazing breakfast! The grilled cheese and grits are phenomenal, also the corny beef is a must try! BYOBDidn't know what to expect dining for the first time post Bluebird Cafe days and was very unimpressed.  I'll keep it short and sweet...
service- Poor- no warm greeting at the door. Sloppily dressed wait staff shrugged "sit at any set table."- not a great start.
Silverware was dirty with food residue still on fork and knife.  (also saw wait staff "washing" silverware by dipping in warm water and wiping dry.
Food was OK. Nothing to call your mom about and definitely over priced for what you get.  
I expected a lot more from a breakfast "joint" in New Orleans.  Definitely not up to par with my favorites- Riccobonos, Slim Goodies, and Ruby Slipper.Outstanding don't write many reviews but this place got my juices flowing do not pass it upThe server named Gary was terrible!!!! I got the Corny beef and my boyfriend got the steak and eggs.  I don't recommend the corny beef as it was very salty to the point it was almost unbearable to eat and the meat tasted like it was reheated. I asked for one egg instead of two and my boyfriend asked for 3 eggs instead of two. Gary said it would be too complicated for the cook just to trust him on that.  Once we received our food, he never asked us how it was, refilled our drinks, or gave us a tab. Yet he was talking to two women he knew that came in. We were done eating waiting for the tab for a good 15 minutes before I asked a coworker of his for the tab and that I needed to talk to Gary. She said he's been talked to before but this is a diner and they work as a team! Where was the team work? No one else asked us about our food or if we needed anything. It was one of the worst experiences I've ever had.  Poor service. Poor food. I wouldn't even feed this food to my dog!Honesty time: I am super boring when it comes to breakfast. I don't need anything fancy- just give me the basics. Of course, I went to a fancy brunch place today and got my usual basics. Of course I did. So, here's my basic review.
I've heard raves about Coulis for a while. I've been told they do breakfast and they do it well and I finally made my way over here to check it out. I'm easy to please when it comes to breakfast and I always get the same thing: two eggs over easy, toast, grits and bacon. That's exactly what I got here and it was pretty good. The bacon was crispy, the portion of grits was generous and the wheat toast was yummy. 
I have two tiny complaints: the eggs were a bit under cooked and runny and I like them a bit stiffer and we were seated at a tight table in the back. In the grand scheme of things, this is not a huge deal.
I will go back mainly because they have a Cuban sandwich on the menu (not available on weekends) and I must try every Cuban sandwich in the greater New Orleans area. Nothing will beat El Libre, I'm sure, but I am willing to do all the research necessary to find the best of the best.While I chose this place mostly for ease of locale for my hotel, it proved to be a fortuitous choice. The waitress was an absolute delight (even when I walked in at 7:10am), and had plenty of suggestions and stories to share. Her go to? Eggs benecio, substitute sausage gravy for hollandaise. She was dead on, it was delicious! A fun experience and tasty food. I also got to sample the ultimate french toast, which was also super tasty (great mix of savory meat and sweet stuffed french toast). Definitely recommend.
They charge for soda by the can, just fyi.This place is great.  Believe it or not it's my favorite weekday spot for breakfast. No lines and the staff is super nice and patient when I can't choose which yummy thing to choose.  Grits are a staple.Totally over priced pancakes that had no taste and were not even hot.  This place is very close to me and could have been a regular spot but the service was bad and the food wasn't even close to worth the price.  I can't believe that people stand outside this place a wait for a seat!  Not worth it!For anyone giving this place less than 4 stars, you've got to at least list another place that you think is better.
If not for the wait outside, this place is remarkable.
The staff takes their time, they aren't in a hurry, so if you are then go somewhere else. Check such expectations at the door. If you treat the wait staff well and don't get all huffy because they aren't as responsive as you'd like, then they'll bend over backwards for you.
Expect to get a great breakfast in a relaxed atmosphere.
My staples:
Huevos Rancheros
Creole Breakfast
Eggs Benedict (any style)
Grilled bagel w/ cream cheese, salmon, beets, avocado.
Wife loves the stuffed French toast. Incredi-bad-assed.
As far as noise, some days it's loud and others its soft. Just don't be in a rush and don't be shy about gettin' up to help yourself if the waitress is too busy or too preoccupied. 
Other similar breakfast joints throughout the city: Huevos, Thanh Thanh, Ruby Slipper (too pricey but good).Yelp you did it again. Grillades and Gritz... Outstanding. Eggs Benicio superb. Fantastic breakfast place right behind Hampton Inn in the Garden District.Simple spectacular breakfast!!! 
Staff kicks major booty!!!
Stop by to start your day for work or a great base to get your drink on!!!I don't mind a long wait if the service and meal are great. After all, isn't that why so many of us are there? But this place did not live up to the hype. Meal: I was disappointed in this version of Eggs Benedict (Benicio) recommended by the server.  The eggs had a good bit of uncooked whites and the highly-sweetened cornbread was also undercooked. I saw others left most of theirs on the plate as well, so maybe they were just having a bad day for that dish. I actually ordered a side of gravy to try to salvage it, but it was weird too - nice color and texture for house-made gravy, but the flavors were overwhelmed with the strong taste of onion. Service: My server never came back to see if I was enjoying my meal or check on me at all. When I finally flagged another server down, she told me they share tables. That's fine as long as *someone* stops by once in a while. This stuff really stands out when you're dining solo. On that note - when I arrived, they said they weren't seating the bar, so I waited about 45 minutes for a big table on my own. A few minutes later, they seated four people at the bar. Wtf? Conclusion: I won't be bringing my late-sleeping friends here, and I definitely won't be back on my own.I've been here several times.  A friend lives close which allows us to just walk over for brunch when I'm visiting her on the weekends.  
I'm addicted to their grillades and grits.  The grits are just the proper consistency and oh so creamy.  Accompanying them are two perfectly cooked slices of beef (I'm assuming) smothered in well executed super yummy sauce.  I don't like my grillades sauce made with a bunch of tomatoes.  Some places do this bc it's a cheap filler food.  There's properly.  It get's better!  Two sunny side up eggs delicately on the side.  If it were only the grillades and grits served, it would still be divine.  The yolk from the eggs adds even more depth to the dish.  The combination of the three screams traditional, old school New Orleans cuisine!!!    
My friend always orders something different and raves each time.  
you can't beat the prices for the quality of food.  They could easily charge more.  Easily.  People would still line up outside.
Tiny prob... no cocktails.  But they allow you to bring your own.  At least they let us.
If you're looking for a new place to brunch on the weekends, look no further!Always a favorite of ours.  Awesome buckwheat pancakes (today I had them with fat, juicy, fresh blueberries) and their Eggs Benicio are to die for!