I feel like I never gave this place the thoughtful consideration of a lengthy review, considering it was one of the first places I yelp'd.
However, from memory, I remember this place having a great patio! It was huge! We came with a big group from The Ohio State University, and they could accommodate our 25+ attendance, and then some.
Instead of ordering a bajillion different orders, we had already pre-planned getting the sampler platter for meatheads, and falafel sandwiches for the veggies amongst us.
Let me just tell you, everything was fresh and scrumptious! I'm dying for a place like this in Columbus!
The platters were monstrous and had every fresh meat imaginable. I had a bite of a friend's falafel sandwich and oh man, did I wish I ordered that.
Cannot wait to go back.The. Best. Falafel. I. Have. Ever. Had.
I'm talking *just* the falafel balls themselves, as I didn't order a sandwich, just an app. 
So many places just get these things wrong. Or, maybe they are "right" according to some ancient Lebanese recipe that's been passed through the generations but far too many times I've had to all but choke down (or drown in tahini) falafel that is too dry, too dense and just pasty in flavor. 
Courtyard Grill's falafel is the opposite of the falafel fail: moist, full of delicious flavor (the owner tells us they are made with chick peas and celery) and straight-up delectable. They all but melt in your mouth.
Service is just so nice. You feel like there is a lot of love going on (definitely family-owned and operated). 
Lentil soup is fine and the hummus, a touch tangy (lemony) for my liking. The only real bummer was the truly disturbing condiment bottle placed in front of me (I noticed a strange grey matter in the Crystal *after* I poured it all over my food). A small thing, but these things need to be inspected regularly. I did my best to ignore, as the falafel was just *that* good.
Still can't get them balls outta my head!!These are the most friendly restaurateurs on the face of the planet. I've been here twice, so far. Had the koubideh kabob and chicken kabob. The Turkish tea is great. The bread is exceptionally good. The dining room is in the back and there is outside seating. I ate inside both times. The dining room has a great feel and the noise level is low. 
The meal came to about $20 with a pot of tea and an entree, including tip.
I plan to eat here at least once a week since I pass it going home after leaving NOLA BJJ.just ate here after hearing buzz from some friends... loved it! very fresh... server reccomended the mixed kabob for me and my boyfriend to split... big portions and the meat and rice were very tasty, def want to come back and try some other stuff. the babaganush was really good too. very casual and nice place! nice patio for sitting outside and drinking some wine! :)
there is also a parking lot in the back when you cirlcle around and drive down jena... which makes a big difference for magazine restaurantsWe come here about once every few weeks.  Has a great atmosphere, and a really nice outdoor patio area to eat and watch people walk by on magazine street.
Its nice to try a different unique place in New Orleans that doesn't have that much seafood on the menu.
As far as the food goes, its pretty good, I've had better kabobs before, the organic burgers are really good.Servings were HUGE and the staff is so friendly!The view from the street does not do Courtyard Grill any justice.  It looks like a typical cafe and you can't tell what they serve.  Well, they serve Mediterranean/Lebanese/Turkish food.  Most of the seating is outside on a covered deck.  It is absolutely beautiful and almost 10 degrees cooler than the street.  I sat outside last night and was comfortable (even though it was nearly 85* outside).  
Coutyard Grill gets all the points in service, environment and food quality.  The environment is great for a get together, or a romantic date.  It's somewhere you can bring the kids or the parents or your new bf.  Our waitress was kind and understanding and when I wanted to know what was in the rice (seriously the best rice I've ever had) she asked the chef.  
The food is fantastic.  I'm a spiced beef and lamb kind of person.  They have organic beef (2 stars-one for conscientiousness and one for taste) as well as traditional shaved lamb, chicken and beef.  It was darn delicious.  They also have a lot of veggie options that are as robust as they are delicious.  
I hope you get to enjoy this restaurant.  I only wish I had come here before!Amazing restaurant.  I was very excited to hear about having Persian food here in New Orleans, after many many many years of not having any restaurants that served it regularly.  I was skeptical at first, but have tried their Fesenjoon and their Koobideh kabob and both were excellent.  I am not usually a salad person, but tried their Chopan salad, which was really nice too.  It is quite filling, but you don't feel heavy after eating it, even though there is meat on it.
The owners are super friendly and very accommodating.  I have been there a few times already and will continue coming back.Place is dead empty. Flickering TV. Service takes forever. Open kitchen in depressing. 
I don't know what's Iranian about this restaurant. They had never heard of dill rice- a Persian staple. 
The food took forever- I guess they mostly deal in takeout. I have to say it was tasty, but not worth the lazy-ass operation. Put some work in to it yo! You get what you give.It's hard to find a place to eat here that's open "late" so big ups for staying open until 11 on weekends.  I always swoon for restaurants that bring out bread and oil, so there's a couple stars for that.  I ordered the hummus and a bowl of lentil soup.  The hummus was good, but is there such thing as bad hummus?  I was disappointed that instead of pita bread, the same appetizer bread was provided.  Lame.  The soup was good, there was strong flavor, and thick consistency.  
My friend ordered one of the chicken salads and had it put on a "turkish salad" which is a mix of onions, cucumbers, and tomatoes (I think) and it was so good and fresh.  
The food took awhile and the service was a little slow.  Their receipts had a bunch of numbers and prices but didn't list the food so luckily I just went with one other friend.  That would be annoying if I was with a group and tried to figure out prices.As it turns out, the food gets even better.  The specials of the day are authentic Iranian food.  The last time I went they had a chicken and saffron dish with cranberries and a Persian stew.  Both dishes were amazing.  I'll definitely be going back and seeing what other specials they have to offer!  The More I eat here, the more I'm convinced that this restaurant has great food but is cursed with a rather unfortunate name.Very slow Saturday evening, 6:30 PM, maybe half a dozen people in the dining room, no one outside.  
We were met at the door and invited to pick a seat.  Service was immediate, friendly and helpful.  There seemed to be a fair amount of help around, I assume they were geared up for a larger crown.
The dining room is very nice, Mediterranean style music playing in the background.  Several large screen TVs mounted around the room.  You could see from anyplace but they were not intrusive.  The outside eating area looks really nice,  it was a little too warm to sit there.  On the other hand, it was a little chilly inside,  I could see the dining room thermostat was set for 69.  
Large menu, lot of choices.  I really liked the sandwich menu, I have to try this place for lunch.  We ordered the Falafel and a couple of the kabob meals.  Bread was also served as an appetizer.  
As a life long bread connoisseur, I can qualitatively grade the bread as fantastic.  I could have easily filled up on the bread and dipping oil.  As a Falafel novice, I can say it might have been the best Falafel ever made, but I thought it was kind of boring, no more than average.  I've seen the reviews praising the Falafel, I'm happy to admit that I don't get it.  Where are the Turkish spices?  I was looking for a shaker of Tony Chachare.
The entrees are enormous, lots and lots of food.  Really liked the long needle rice side.  The kabobs were bland.  I couldn't tell the difference between the beef and the lamb. Again, where are the spices we were promised?  I wouldn't order them again.  
Lots of positives, the atmosphere and service were excellent.  Not sure I would come back here for dinner if Jamilas is open.  I am interested in a noon meal on the patio.  
About $60 for dinner, drinks and tip for two.I have been to the Courtyard Grill twice.  The first time was with my now boyfriend when we first started dating.  I remember being one of few tables seated in the patio area.  I would never have guessed it was a Mediterranean restaurant considering the name, my original assumption was that it was an American burger joint or something to that effect.  Thank to my Turkish friend who highly recommended it, I had to give it a try.  We had the appetizer platter and from what I remember each one was more flavorful than the next.  The seasonings in the food was just the right amount yet enough so you could distinguish among each dish.  I returned today and we split a myriad of dishes.  Our favorite was the ground beef Koobideh Organic.  I love the fact that they use Organic beef too.  I also tried the Doner Durum and the Lamb Kabob.  The Doner Dorum reminds me of a pita roll but has lamb and beef wrapped in pita with yogurt sauce on top.  Even the bread they brought to the table with the herb and olive oil was amazing and perfect crispness.  This is definitely my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in New Orleans.Having spent many years in Turkey, it is good to find a place that matches the quality of the food I so enjoyed over there. This one of only a handful of restaurant I tell people about. My wife and I both love the food and very friendly staff. I agree with Amaliya L. the Baklava is great and is hand made and always fresh. Wish we have time to eat there every day.Great place! Loved it. Wonderful food and service. thanks will be backThe history of humanity has been punctated with several train wrecks, including Chernobyl, the Halifax explosion, the Hindenburg, Britney Spears circa 2007, etc.  When the Courtyard Grill was described to me as a "Funky Mediterranean-Flair" restaurant, I was expecting a train wreck far worse than these.  I find that these fusian/modern/etc type restaurants never work and end up as a mockery of the original.  Until now.
The Courtyard Grill has an awesome menu selection including sandwiches and entrees.  While I didn't recognize many of the things on the menu, they all had components that you would normally find in a middle eastern restaurant.  I got the donor sandwich and it was not only delicious, but big enough that I took half of it home for a second lunch (and for $8!).
The service was VERY friendly, our server kept checking up on us and even the manager stopped by to make sure everything was OK.  It was a little slow, but nothing bad by New Orleans standards.
If you haven't stopped in yet and you are looking for something different, I highly suggest you do: your taste buds will thank you and you won't have to give your wallet a black eye.
Pro-tip: They put cumin in their hummus, so if that's not your thing I suggest you skip it and enjoy the free bread and olive oil dip instead!This  restaurant just opened up a few weeks ago and I have been pretty much eating it daily. Everything I have tried is absolutely amazing!!!!! Their Organic courtyard burger is cooked over a wood stove and you have that delicious taste! They have wonderful gyros with either beef or lamb which is slow cooked over vertical rotisseries which are to die for! And every time I order the grilled veggies, they are seasoned perfectly each time! Courtyard grill is the new magazine lunch eatery!! I am definitely going to continue to eat here!! Their seasonings and marinations are spectacular!!!!!!!I just love this place! Why should I have to go into a long typed out rant? Just take my word on this. Or don't and just go to Cafe Roma and miss everything tasty in life and die angry (a hundred years from now of course). Not that extreme but yes.The courtyard Mediterranean baba ganoush appetizer was amazing and the falafel sandwich was an unbelievable value. The only negative was the uncomfortably small tables. Larger tables set empty while we struggled with the table filled with our large square plates. Food and service were great.Excellent food . Hugh portions . You must order the Pear desert with chocolate sauce and whipped cream. Wonderful !I'm a Persian in New Orleans, there aren't that many of us, but I go to this place to quench the need for Persian kabob. It's really good, they give you lots of food, and the prices are great. The atmosphere is also nice and the service has never been bad.Had a delicious lunch.  As others
 had said the lamb was fabulous.  Great flavors, will eat here again.I avoided this place for awhile as I didn't know they had an inside but then my waitress from Mona's defected so I had to try it out.  This place has some of the most tender and tasty lamb I've ever had!!!  I've been several times and enjoyed everything except the giant burger, which I found was too much bun and not enough meat.  I recently went with a group of people and we got the giant combo kabob platter and that was a LOT of food for the price and we all enjoyed it so much that even though we were full we got more food as the meat was just so tasty.  
Nice people running the place and the owner has very high standards for his food and wants to get fresh organic produce whenever possible.Awesome! Everything made in-house, fabulous gyros and the owners are so sweet and attentive. Go here!! Support local businesses ;)I had some expectations coming to this restaurant.  Courtyard Grill was recommended by several people to have the best lamb in town, and also very good kabob and falafels.
I was pretty disappointed.  I got the Shish Kabob, green peppers, and grilled tomatoes... I asked the waitress, are those green bell peppers?  She said yes. So for my actual dish I got 1 grilled tomato and 1 jalapeno, no bell peppers.  My lamb was also a bit dry, chewy, and bland. The tomato and jalapeno tasted burnt. Sad.  My lady friend had the Yogurt Kabob, she seemed to enjoy hers more than me.  But she stated that she liked the lamb at Pyramids better.
I did enjoy the Falafel appetizer though, but I must say that I still feel that Pyramids has the best Falafels in town.
I was also there on a saturday night and it was absolutely dead.  My lady friend and I were the only people there.  The waitresses were also speaking very loudly to each other next to us about random stuff and gossip.  It felt awkward....   
How about those Christmas lights?At first I thought the prices seemed expensive for some sandwiches we were getting to go, but I was very pleasantly surprised after opening up the foam boxes. I assumed the falafel sandwich, which most of I have eaten are just mediocre, would be a couple round falafel balls wrapped by pita. Instead, it was served on fresh, soft ciabatta(?) bread and the falafel parties were freshly fried. T was very tasty, especially with the pickled purple cabbage and fresh onion and cilantro. My boyfriend's gyro was a pita filled with a massive amount of meat, accompanied by a really tasty yogurt sauce. The restaurant is definitely the most upscale Middle Eastern restaurant in the area. I would like to come back, perhaps for a date night.We live right around the corner, and while the price point here is slightly higher than Mona's, it's really one of our favourite Turkish places on earth!!
First of all their Courtyard baba ghanoush (not the appetizer) and yes it's $12 but split it between you or go home and drown in it tomorrow - you KNOW you'll want to.  It's like a lasagna with alternating layers of roasted eggplant (even a little charred and crunch at the ends) then a layer of baba, then fresh tomatoes, then herbs.  Repeat.  It's freakin heaven.  Even my father, who doesn't really care for ethnic food, loves it.  
There are other appetizers I've tried zaalook? which are wonderful but it's all about the baba.  We usually get a chicken kebab sandwich (beautifully seared, never too dry) and a gyro sandwich (not easy to split between two, but we do).  There's also the Adana kebab which is a mixture of beef and lamb.  
I'm actually starting to miss it as I write this review.  The owners are waiting for their liquor license at last glimpse, but I think the baba plate would be great to split between 3 or 4 with cocktails, like a WAY higher end plate of nachos.  
One of the don't miss spots in New Orleans.i had somewhat high expectations of courtyard grill given some of the reviews. i was so excited to try this place because i love middle eastern food and turkish food in particular, but my experience there was mixed and mainly disappointing.
the start was so promising - we got fresh warm bread with a delicious olive oil dip.  for appetizers, we had the falafel and turkish meat pie.  the falafel was fantastic - easily the best in the city!! it was fresh and the highlight of the meal.  the meat pie, however, should've been better and with a flaky crust since it had a filo/pasty shell, but it seemed microwaved as it was soft and soggy.  also, it was not served hot, the filling was not that tasty, and there was too much crust in proportion to the filling.  it was overpriced for what you get.
for the main course, we got the doner durum - rotisserie grilled beef and lamb (same meat as the iskandar kabob), rolled in dough with yogurt, tomato butter sauce and rice.  it was a major disappointment - it was served cold and not flavorful at all.  the doner i've had before was flat with cooked dough - here, the dough was soft, mushy and barely cooked - with the sauce on it, it was even mushier.  when we asked the server why it was so cold, we were told that it was because of the yogurt on top, but there's no way that a little cold yogurt on top of 2-inch rolls made the entire dish cold all the way through.  not even the meat could save it as it was not tasty. what's worse is that it's way overpriced.
finally, we had the kazandibi (turkish flan) - it was ok and didn't seem like it had been sitting in the refrigerator for too long.  nothing to write home about.
the patio will be nice in better weather.  service was good and friendly but the server should've realized we weren't happy with the cold food.  i will be back for the falafel, and am willing to give it a second chance and try other dishes.  i will amend my review accordingly.If it weren't for Yelp, I would have never experienced the Courtyard Grill.
One night I was looking for a new place to eat. Despite driving by this location an untold number of times, I had never considered it. From the window facing Magazine it appeared to be a small kitchen with a walk up counter. There is nothing wrong with that, but at dinner I prefer legitimate sit down restaurants. So when I entered on the side and learned it was a legitimate sit down restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised. 
The dining area has several tables in a small space. Despite the number of tables, they were not so close together that I couldn't carry on a private conversation. There was a giant TV on the wall tuned to a sporing event that I found very distracting, but everyone else seemed to be enjoying the game. I prefer restaurants without Tvs just because I would rather talk to the people I am dining with.
We started with hummus which was very good. My entree was a gyro sandwich. While the gyro meat had a good taste, it was very dry. The side of fries that came with the gyro were very good and in a special metal container that encouraged sharing. My dining companion had something called fessenjon which may have been one of the more unique dishes I have ever tried. It was chicken topped with a pomegranate and walnut sauce. To this day I don't know whether I like it or not, but it was very interesting.
I will definitely return and try more items. If you are a fan of Mediterranean food, I encourage you to give this place a try.I LOVE this restaurant! Babaganush is so fresh and delicious, bread is perfect, meats are all juicy and perfectly seasoned. Grilled Veggie platter is wonderful. My husband and I eat here a few times a month and find it to be consistently great. Better than any other: Mona's, Lebanon, Fatoush (my 2nd fave), etc. Keep up the good work!Really enjoyed the whole experience. Poor D.M. must not like anywhere he/she dines.
The food was fresh cooked to order and very tasty. The rice was cooked perfectly.
Also, the restaurant was very clean, including the restroom.
I've only gone once so far, but my husband loves the place too and has been taking business clients there for the last month, with no complaints.I am Turkish and my wife & I had one of  the best meals ever in our lives here... Very authentic, delicious with generous portions. 
The bread (pide) was super fresh and warm. Babaganush was a great starter. For entrees, we shared the eggplant doner  and the lamb shish kebab. The eggplant puree served under the doner kebab was better than many high end restaurants in Istanbul!!
Above all, the lovely owner came by to introduce herself and made us feel welcome.great veggie food + ample outdoor seating = great place to go when there is nice weather
We went here on a whim on Friday night and were surprised we were basically the only people there.  We ordered Hummus to start and I have to say that it was bad.  They also brought out an olive oil dip that was amazing and warm fresh bread that I could have eaten all night.  I was disappointed that the hummus was so bad but everything else was good.  We ordered a Veggie sandwich and a Falaffel sandwich.  They were both HUGE and great.  The veggie sandwich is very light and summery and the other was the normal falaffel. 
The wait staff was prompt and friendly and I loved sitting outside.  Overall a great place to go.Went here a few nights ago and had the worst meal I think I've ever had in New Orleans. Granted, it's only been open about a week and they may still be getting things together, but the minuscule portions and complete lack of flavor or originality made this place unforgivable in my opinion. They didn't have a liquor license yet so my friend just got some hummus with some cold pita bread for 6 bucks that tasted straight out of the supermarket . I got a 12.95 chicken shwarma plate that included 5 bite size pieces of chicken, 4 bite size grilled pepper slices with no seasoning on them, a few spoonfuls of unflavored rice, a cup of tahini and more cold pita. If something tastes blah then oh well. If something tastes blah and is insulting tiny, I get irritated. Especially considering the other places in town that heap this sort of food on you. (Lebanon Cafe)
We did sit on a nice, open air side porch and had totally fine service. I hope this place gets it together or lets someone else use the sweet location and dining space...Great restaurant. Went there with friends for a birthday celebration and everyone was so attentive and helpful. And the food is amazing. My husband ordered the Beyti and it was incredible...and plenty of food for a really hungry guy like him.
Highly recommend this place! We will definitely be going back.Not sure why I haven't heard more of this restaurant. The staff was very friendly and the food was excellent. A little expensive but I enjoyed the gyro. I will definitely be returning.Went with a group of 12.  Array of apps were mediocre, with the best being the Tabuleh.  Humus, babaganoush, and meat pies were passable, but neither outstanding examples of the classics, nor anything interesting.
Lamb kabobs were dry and overcooked, with very little spice.  Yogurt chicken was overly sauced, and served on a gloppy base of bred.  Lamb shank was overcooked, and swimming in gravy.  Beef stew was similarly simmered to the point where the meat had no flavor.  Tavuk Sarma (stuffed chicken) was the one exception, quite interesting, and well prepared.
Staff was friendly until the need for checks arose.  Restaurant was only willing to divide checks 3 ways, despite there being 12 of us.  "Itemized" bill turned out to be a list of prices, with no identifier of what each dish cost.  Restaurant accepts credit cards, but would not allow individual diners to use them, insisting that each entire check be paid in cash or on one credit card.
All in all, a place I had hoped for more from.  Fatoush, Phonecia, or Byblos are clearly better optionsHad a great meal at Courtyard this weekend. My girlfriend and I split some babaganush, a lamb kebab, and a ground chicken kebab (adana). The food came out quickly and was seriously good with very generous portions - definitely made for some good leftovers. Quality was very good and the meat was fantastically grilled. The homemade bread and olive oil with a sort of tomator relish also disappeared quickly. I am a big fan of turkish food and some of the dishes on the menu let me know that I have a new go to in town. Also special praise goes to a dessert recommended by our waiter - a red wine soaked pear stuffed with nuts - totally awesome. Service was efficient and friendly. Definitely will be back!Absolutely horrible.  Smoking on the patio.  Raw burgers.  Cold "kabobs".  This place has a long way to go to just achieve edible, let alone acceptable.
Skip it.The organic burger was pretty good, but it came to our table ten minutes before our condiments an French fries. It was torture having to stare at our food for what seemed like an eternity before we could actually eat it.This would have been a five star rating, but I cannot overlook these things:
Bar service was very slow and the bartender did not know how to make an easy classic drink. They had to look in a book.
The food was delicious, the hummus was a must have.Traveled here with two Turkish guys who were missing their home cooked meals. I had the Tavuk Sarma, which was delicious and they both had something with spiced lamb, bread, tomato sauce, yogurt and rice, and were pleased, though they liked mine better. The portion sizes were huge to me, but they both finished their meals and mine. The complimentary bread is fresh and warm. We had baklava for dessert but it was pretty much and we didn't love it. I also noticed they have several imported alcoholic beverages if you're into that.Falafel, tabouleh and other vegetarian items were some of the best I've found. Good service and nice portions. Would like to see more vegetarian entrees, but the appetizers were great and the courtyard is very relaxing. Don't forget to take advantage of BYOB until they get their liquour license.I am a huge fan of Persian food and to finally see some Persian fare in New Orleans made me overwhelmingly happy.  The staff was wonderful and very sociable.  The food was great.  My friend and I tried a few different types of the kabobs.  I really loved the koobideh.Great patio area, large portions, good service, lots of vegetarian options, and decent food.  Just to put it out there, my boyfriend does not like the food here, i like it though.  their lentil soup and seasonal salad are delicious.Solid middle eastern food. If you're looking for a good plate of food at a reasonable price, this is a good option. Friendly service. Ok atmosphere, nothing fancy or special.Strong middle eastern cuisine, with some less common specialties for those willing to go a little further afield.  Friendly waitstaff. Lots of outdoor seating.The food here is good, but the ownership/management is terrible.  After asking if we could get the chicken kabob sandwich with a wrap instead of the bread they usually use, they charged $4 more than the listed price.  When I asked (nicely) if they had charged us for the plate by accident, I got a long lecture from the owner about why it cost more and that I should KNOW for the future that special requests cost more, even though the waitress told us that she didn't even know that until after we had ordered.
All the waitresses seemed terrified of him and my boyfriend saw him push one of them out of his way as we were leaving.  The place is severely understaffed and we waited for a long time to even get the check in the first place.  Won't be going back there, which is a shame because the food is good.
In the end he told them to charge us less for the sandwich, but it was still more than on the menu.  
You'll be much happier going to Lebanon's!!!While the staff was friendly and helpful, this was the worst Mediterranean food I've ever had in my life. The appetizers we ordered had no flavor and my entree was an atrocity to lamb. I didn't want to send it back and be disagreeable, but I did not eat more than one bite. The baklava was the highlight of the meal, and then I immediately proceeded to McDonalds.  I might give it a second chance once they revamp their menu; however, it would only be because someone else wants to go there.Great selection.  Nice remodel.  Patio seating!
Best baklava.Courtyard Grill is the only place in New Orleans where you can feast on Iranian and Turkish cuisine. It is located on Magazine street and offers both indoor and outdoor seating. The Turkish chef blends his cuisine with the traditional Iranian recipes leading to a menu full of delicious dishes. 
The meal started off with a refreshing doogh beverage. Doogh is a yogurt drink blended with water and sprinkled with dried mint. It is a very popular drink in Iran and is always served with the traditional kabob and rice dish. We were also served with a basket of bread and a side of spicy tomato sauce. It tasted like a Turkish version of Salsa. The bread was perfect. It was chewy and crispy on the outside. The best I have had in New Orleans. 
For our main entrees, I chose the boneless chicken kabob served with a side of basmati rice, onions, grilled tomatoes, pickled cabbage and yogurt. The serving was just perfect. Not too much and not too little. The chicken kabob was marinated in saffron and was juicy and tender. The basmati rice was just as it should be: cooked perfectly so that it was not too soft and not too hard. The pickled cabbage and sliced onions were a great touch to the meal.Since this place opened a couple of years ago, it has been my hands down go-to restaurant for a healthy yet satisfying meal. The owners and their staff are incredibly friendly and very attentive. Get the vegetable platter. It's a heap of delicious grilled peppers and onions and more smothered in a savory yogurt sauce. You can make a meal out of it and totally not feel bad about yourself because you just had vegetables and yogurt but it is so so satisfying. The adana kabob is also amazingly delicious. It's just a bummer that they somewhat recently raised prices -- which can be unfortunate for my medical student budget -- but it's still so delicious and one of the healthier options around town, so I don't mind at all. While you're here, you have to get the lebanese tea -- rose water, pine nuts, it's the best.Bias: it's like five or six blocks from my house. Major bonus for me. Anywhere that you can walk to is great, and anywhere with good food that you can walk to is better. 
Regardless of that, Courtyard Grill has pulled through three times for me.  They have a good variety of food, so you shouldn't have trouble picking something you like, and all of it (or at least, all of it that I've had) tastes really good. Wraps, hummus, lamb, veg, pita, all of it is made there and it really does show.
The restaurant itself has a good, but not great setup. The patio is huge, but they only reserve one or two tables for people with dogs (which particularly sucks because these two aren't under any shade). The rest of the patio is nice, and there is plenty of space inside for your party. 
The reason Courtyard loses a star (for me) is the beer selection. There just really isn't very much, and when you lack a decent stock of Abita in New Orleans, I really don't know what to think. Beyond that , while Courtyard is good, it's not really anything that blows me away. Thus, four stars it is.If you want authentic Persian food, this is pretty much the only place in town to get it!  Homemade ghormeh sabzee is always the best, but as far as restaurant ghormeh sabzee goes we were very impressed!First, I never would have thought to come to the Courtyard Grill if it weren't for Yelp. We were looking for a casual but delicious place to have a kid-free dinner before a Yelp event. After driving around without any real plan, I decided to see what was nearby. The fiance and I never would have guessed that the Courtyard Grill is actually Turkish food - and delicious Turkish food at that.
We started out with the hummus, which was definitely miles above store-bought hummus, but I've had better in other restaurants. I was also surprised that it wasn't served with pita bread - although that was just an expectation in my mind due to other Mediterranean restaurants, it wasn't listed on the menu. The waitress did bring us a huge basket of delicious homemade bread, with a side of dipping oil.
I can't remember what the fiance had, but he said it was good. I had a chicken kabob with a fancy name that I can't remember either (too many margaritas afterwards at the Yelp event). The kabob was beautifully seasoned and served over a bed of rice. It was accompanied by onions, grilled tomato, grilled pepper, and other various veggies.
It was a LOT of food for the price, and very delicious. The waitress wasn't super talkative, but friendly and efficient. She kept the iced tea refills coming! 
Oh, and yes, it is a kid-friendly restaurant... we just chose not to bring ours because we needed a date night. When we return, I'll certainly bring her along.GREAT FOOD for a NEW RESTAURANT if you enjoy REAL middle eastern food. They also serve typical American food as well. I ordered the Ground Beef Kabob which was perfect!. Just give this place a few months and it will be thriving with more business. I love the NEW decor and contemporary feel. I don't understand the negative comments on this page. Sounds like the local competitors are nervous. This is the first time I am posting a review on a store or restaurant because the negative reviews are all lies. I think the chefs name was Eddy. Great job! I will be back in a few days. 
FYI I am not a fan of Monas, Lebanon Cafe or Byblos. The new Byblos in Harahan gave me food poisoning. I don't have to drive to Baton Rouge for great middle eastern food anymore since this place opened.After a long day of standing around trying to get beads and all sorts of souvenirs from the parade during Mardi Gras I just wanted to sit down and eat.  My friend and I found this joint via the parade route.  It's pretty cool that they were open during that time.  The place was clean and it had a good vibe.  They had an outdoor patio where you can sit but we were told that we couldn't sit outside at the time.  No explanation from the host.  So we went inside.  The food was delicious and you get a good amount for the price you paid for.  They also serve this wild long grained rice that I've only eaten when I was deployed in Afghanistan.  Brought back memories.  There's also a bar which looked pretty well stocked.  My problem(s) were that only half of the menu was available.  Everything I wanted to try wasn't available, pretty lame.  Then after I was done eating and paid for the meal I just wanted to sit for at least 5 mins to cool off.  Well I was sipping on my water and the waiter literally just took it from me.  WTF?!?!  Then when my friend and I left there were at least 3 patrons out in the patio enjoying their meals...WTF?!?!  I regret tipping.Took my girlfriend here for a quiet dinner. The ambience was nice. And the service was good. The food came out quickly, but it did not taste good. We got the Turkish meat pie, which tasted like plain meat in a pastry - no seasoning. We got the lamb adona kabob as an entree, and it just tasted unpleasant. I ate most of it, but did not enjoy it. She ate one bite. We got baklava for dessert; this was the highlight of the meal. It was served with whipped cream and Hershey chocolate syrup. All in all, we will not be going back there.Good food, with 50-50 service. We came for our friend's bday since he absolutely loves this place. The way he has raved about it raised my expectations. I have to say, although I wasn't completely blown away - I did enjoy my meal and our time.
Service-wise: 50% of the staff was wonderful, attentive and kind and 50% was rude and bossy. One of the waitresses made us feel guilty for asking if we could order at different times. There were 21 people in all in our party and half of the table was ready to go. However, she shut that down, even the requests for appetizers. They also kinda forgot about us towards the end of the night. I'm not sure how they forgot since we were basically the only party there on a Monday night. 
We sat outside with multiple smaller tables pushed together. The inside area with decor was nice (where the toilets are) and the cooking area seems to be street side next to the entrance to where the deck is. It's a creative set up for what the space allows.
Food-wise: perhaps there were too many of us at one time and so the food didn't get the individual love it normally gets. Some of us felt that the kabobs and various other rice dishes were just dry stuff on top of dry stuff. It was good, but not amazing. I would like to go back and try the fesenjoon since that also sounded good. 
Bonus points for their dolmas - which were awesome and I highly recommend if you like the perfect balance of rice with lemon. I would come back for those alone and then to try some of the other dishes with a smaller crowd.