In all of New Orleans and all of Materie, this is perhaps the best food I've had here. It's one of the best foods I've had in general. This place is super cute and has a very eclectic charm to it. They repurpose everything and even use tin cans to give you your bill. I had the fish tacos and Blondie for dessert. The Fish Tacos were amazing, the fish was super fresh and the toppings had a beautiful light zesty and savory flavor. The flavors were very well balanced and even the sides were amazing. It came with some savory beans, cajunish rice, pickled slaw and guacamole. The fish was very fresh, no pungent smell or taste, flaky and beautifully seasoned. The Blondie was heaven, it wasn't overtly sweet and the icecream was velvety. My friend had the Molly Ringwald cocktail and it was just refreshing (I had a taste of course). I usually don't like rose flavors, but this was downright pleasant! Do yourself a favor and head on down here, but beware, like all hole in the wall places, parking is a disaster.Great food , great service - wished we'd walked that way down Oak Street sooner in our visit!Great off maybe the beaten path where we could
take the trolley car back  to Canal.  Menu is creative with many options that sound great to not. Both vegetarian and meat options. Kale salad was excellent with some citrus and not bitter at all. Harvest burger was a big firm pattie of beans and rice etc.  Worth going!!I've been to Cowbell twice now, and I must say judging on food, this place was amazing! I ordered the special that day, which happened to be the lamb burger, and it was amazing! The burgers are really juicy and come with a variety of choices. Their fries were also delicious and paired great with the aioli sauce that Cowbell makes themselves. Their macaroni and cheese was also delicious! The waitress that I had was very sweet and checked on us numerous times. 
HOWEVER, the second time that I went there. It was about 40 minutes to closing time,  the host asked us how many people we had to a table. Our answer was four and he then told us that they were closed. As he told us that, his friend (who was a waitress there , I believe) decided to stand by and laugh at us. We later then called Cowbell and asked if they were closed. Just as we thought, her answer was NO. 
Overall, the food is absolutely amazing and it gets extra points for being organic. But beware of the host who is a white caucasian male, probably in his early 20s, wears glasses and has dirty blonde/light brown short wavy hair. He lies and is a horrible host. That is all.Excellent food and atmosphere. The housemade sauces they give are delish. I had the chicken salad. It was perfect with the goat cheese. Very glad we stopped here.Cowbell definitely exceeded our expectations. It was slightly hard to spot at first due to their renovations; however, as soon as we walked in we were instantly impressed. Very cool, eclectic vibe. From the hostess stand, to the light fixtures, to the artwork, all original to set the atmosphere just right. We sat down and were instantly greeted. Our waitress was exceptionally nice and attentive. By far some of the best service we have had in New Orleans at a hamburger spot. The menu was fun with creative ways to catch your attention and easy to follow with many organic options. Did I mention the gras fed beef? Definitely a plus for us. We ordered the Cowbell burger, fish tacos, the love Brussel appetizer and a side of vegetables. Cowbell did not disappoint. Our food was incredible. We can't wait to go back for more.I am late to the Cowbell trough but I hope to make up for lost time. So far, my two visits have been absolutely fantastic in every sense.
   Despite its funky post-industrial exterior on a once forlorn but up and coming section of the ever evolving Oak Street, Cowbell is a comfortable and welcoming restaurant with very friendly staff and enough space to stretch out a bit (key when you might have to unbutton some garments after the generous portions of delicious edibles available). The Gulf Shrimp Quesadilla, with Black Beans, White Cheddar, and Chayote Slaw is even better than it sounds, the shrimp perfectly fresh and prepared. I know most veggie burgers have a deservedly awful reputation, but Cowbell's House Made Brown Rice and Red Bean Harvest Veggie Burger is absent the usual leaden texture and weight and so very tasty (especially with some cheddar, avocado and the house made ketchup). Too many carnivores have elected Cowbell the place for the best burger in NOLa that I will not deign to argue and the mac and cheese is special trip worthy.
     I look forward to working my way through the rest of the menu as well as the delightful looking specials.Ok ok this is going to be a big bold statement... but it needs to be stated. The best hamburger in all of New Orleans lives at Cowbell. Get it medium rare with the pimento cheese and the farm egg on top. YOU WILL DIE. It's somewhat mind blowing honestly. 
Aside from this wicked burger, everything else i've tried has been phenomenal!!!! The figgy toast is a complete mouth party. And the brussel sprouts are out of this damn world. I seriously could go on and on. 
If you like intricate flavor pairings and quality food, don't pass up cowbell. Ever. If I had endless funds, I would eat here every single day. Who is the chef here? I need to meet this person. He's a flavor artist. Or she. Whatever.  
Cowbell is one of my favorite restaurants in this whole entire city. State. World. I'd eat here over Commanders Palace. Done and done. Thank you and goodbye.Very pleased.  What great ambiance.  Small very nola.  I am a local artist and enjoyed your mockingbird series!!!
Figgy toast.  Wow.  Shared with a friend.  Andouille.  Figs.  Toast.  Blue cheese.  Perfect.
Mac and cheese?  Thank you for telling me so...  on the menu.  Shrimp quesadillas and slaw!  Yummy.
I will be back to venture further!Now since I'm home in California, I just wanted to update that we voted Cowbell as having the best mac & cheese we have had any place... Even in California. It had a little bit of a tang like perhaps a Parmesan or Guryere cheese, it was creamy, the noodles weren't overcooked, and it was just the best mac & cheese we've ever had!OMG def one of the best mac n cheese in the US!! The dish had 3 types of cheeses and poblanos which gave it a very unique flavor. The host wasn't very welcoming at first but it's quite understandable and definitely worth the wait. The night we went the soup special was duck confit was delicious. This place was def a must to go to when in NoLa.Don't call it a burger joint. They're cooking up amazing sauces and entrees. It's an amazing restaurant. Delilah's service was on point, thank you! Food came out at perfect serving temps with an excellent flow. Environment was so relaxing, the decor was unique and the seating accommodating to all party sizes. (The restaurant is designed in what appears to be an old gas station in a really cool location). 
Mac and cheese was off the hook. Pear and Brie soup was so sweet! The burger was perfection! Gotta add the housemade pimento. I recommend for two people splitting things in half. The food is so satisfying that just a little is fulfilling.Love this place!!!! The food was beyond delicious. Grilled chicken was tender and juice. I could eat the collard greens daily!!! The waffle was fluffy and light. My mother had the burger and fries. It was delicious as well...fresh, thick homemade patty that melted in your mouth. They also had the best homemade pickles ever!!!! Drinks were tasty creations. Although I was completely full, trying the blondie with homemade ice cream was a must. I'm so glad I did. It was fabulous!!! Cowbells is a must when in New Orleans!!!Service was friendly and fast, burgers were great. Its 10.95 for the standard burger and fries, dollar extra for cheese or special toppings, worth the money.  Probably the best burger uptown right now, and one of the better ones in the city. Plus, all the meat is organic and grass fed which is awesome. My girlfriend had the apple pie, she said it was the best she's ever had.I visited Brack May's Truck Farm Tavern in St. Rose first and was utterly amazed... The next day I went to Cowbell and was even more impressed. The entire experience at both of his restaurants were worthy of 10 stars but sadly Yelp only allows 5.  As I said about Truck Farm Tavern I will say about Cowbell "it was a culinary adventure into an utterly divine world of flavor"Arguably the best burgers in NOLA but I'd say Company Burger gives this place a run for its money. It's expensive (about $13) but I think the price is worth the burger you get. You're always full at the end of the meal. Although I'd like more burger options, what's on the menu isn't that disappointing. We got the bacon with Zinfandel onions added to our burger and the bacon and egg one... neither were disappointing choices. There's a pretty decent beer list as well. If you aren't rolling over with indigestion after your burger be a champ and order the chocolate cake (appropriately named Chocolate City).Best burger in New Orleans. I had it with egg, bacon, and cheddar.The burgers here are awesome: juicy, cooked to request (I ordered medium and it came perfect), and come with a side of rustic fries with sea salt.  They have two homemade sauces: a ketchup-like thing and an aoli-like one.  While they are good on their own, I recommend a mix for the ultimate in condiment heaven.  The price is right too, about $11 for a burger with fries.
For those who head to esplanade for their burger fix:
A "port of call" can refer to one of two things: and intermediate stop for a cargo ship or the final destination for a cruise ship.  If you've had burgers from both places on your quest to find burger heaven, you'll see that it's actually cowbell that is the latter as Port of Call on esplanade fulfills the former.I'm a big fan of a good burger.  I've hit all the local favorites many times over.  I think Cowbell may be my new most favoritest burger joint in town.
I got the Cowbell Burger with house made pimento cheese and the bun was just amazing.  I'm not one to rave about the bun usually but this was a grilled slice of heaven. Everything about the burger was just perfect.  Cooked like I asked and dressed deliciously.
I need to try other items on their menu but I may not be able to make myself order anything else now...The perfect burger?  Could be.  I had a burger with blue cheese.  As others have noted, the burgers are not huge - a bit bigger than a hockey puck, but they are packed with smack your mamma flavor.  I'll take a great burger on the small side any day over a huge patty of mediocrity.  I was amazed that a burger with as much flavor as this one had, was not greasy.  Even with lettuce and tomatoes, the roll did not become saturated. 
I knocked off a star because my gf's lime chicken dish was really good, but not great.  Also, I'm not a fan of communal seating.  The other couple at our table bitched and moaned about everything under the sun.  The homemade ketchup was interesting.  Not bad, but pretty sweet -  I would add vinegar.  Fries were your standard home-cut fries.  They were fine, but I prefer the crispier variety.  As others have mentioned, it is BYOB - which I like b/c you don't have to pay for the mark up on your drinks.  The waitress was also kind enough to bring a plate of limes over for our Dos XX's.  Wait staff was really good.  Food seemed a bit slow coming out of the kitchen, but I was hungry so not sure if that is true.
All in all a great burger place.  I want to find the relatives of the grass fed cow that gave its life for my dinner and let them know their sacrifice was worth it.The food was very quality, from the creaminess of the Mac & Cheese to the sharp cheddar used, and from the cheddar in the grilled cheese as well. The Brussel sprouts had great flavor and the ham with them was just the right saltiness. In addition, the shrimp chowder was more like: "Shrimp Chowder," "Corn Chowder," "Ham Chowder..." And by these powers combined, it became the most delightful shrimp chowder I have yet received. Thank you. 
Finally, the drinks. Both white and red sangria were up to par, but I drank the Pim-Pam or something like i...A gin based drink with mango infused tea, cucumbers, mint leaves, she lime juice, maybe some tonic water. It was incredible. If I was driving I would have just sat there and drank seven more and been in a euphoric dance with David Bowie. 
Cheers to you folks over at Cowbell.
Our waitress on top of her game and the bartender was confident and clear in her descriptions. 
My wife, my friends, and I would love to come back and see you again someday...
From Michigan, where Redamaks is and also the cold weather.OK so I've been searching for the best burger in New Orleans and well, I know I'll never find it.  It's a never ending quest.  Today I had a chance to try Cowbell and I must say the burger was.....AMAZING!  Best burger?  Of course not.  We established that already right?  Never ending quest remember.  However, this burger was an awesome burger.  Oh and hey it even had lettuce and tomato unlike that other fancy burger place on Freret St.  Fries were solid, service was great but a little slow because it was so busy and the beer selection was okay.  But damn if the beers weren't way too expensive.  But then again, the one thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars from me is the price of the damn burger.  Jesus is it WAY too expensive.  I had a burger(with bacon) and water and before tip paid $13.95.  FOR A BURGER??!!!For my first visit to Cowbell, I was on a mission to try their burgers. I wasn't sure if it was the bun or the seasoning but their burgers have taken first place in my books for best burger in the city. I replaced my fries for the mac and cheese as I've only heard good things about that dish as well ... and I concur, it was amazing!! The cheese flavor was light but not bland, just enough for you to still taste everything but not be overbearing. I can't wait for the next time I go there!!
*Edit* I think the last time I was there, it said on their menu that they don't split checks for a party of 5 or more. So bring cash (or have someone else pay for you)!!Tag Team Hospitality with Amazing Food
From the minute I walked up to Cowbell I felt like I was home. Every makes you feel so welcome. 
I arrived for lunch on a sunny Tuesday afternoon. Plenty of seats out on the patio as well as inside. I decided to belly up to the bar for this one, but I think I may stay outside next trip. 
After reading so many Yelp reviews about the Locally World Famous Cowbell Burger I felt obligated to try it out. I opted to add White Cheddar to mine to customize it. 
The dish arrived with a heaping order of fries, lettuce, tomato, onions, and their signature homemade ketchup and agogo sauce. It tastes as good as it looks. I ordered it medium and it arrived slightly pink inside. The beef is top quality. Very nice. 
The ice tea glass was bottomless. Refills were always on the way, almost with every sip. When I couldn't handle anymore tea they gave me a "to go" cup. 
Honestly, the people and the food here are amazing. Absolutely worth the trip if you are in the area, even if you're not in the area!
It kinda cool that they give you your check in a little tomato sauce can. 
Two solid thumbs up, this is a great burger joint!Another 5 star place in the N.O. Everyone was nice & accommodating.  The burger was one of the best I've had, but it got a little expensive w/ all of the extra toppings. I think it was worth it but make sure you are aware of what you are adding on. Riverbend fries were delicious, fish taco got better w/ each bite.Great food! We enjoyed everything we got. The quesadillas were the bomb...got Mac and cheese which was excellent. Tacos were amazing! And the lime chicken was very good as well ..they are stingy about some sauces. Our  waitress was great..Danielle was a delight. So why 3 stars?? They have a rude bartender who is also the co owner. If you are not a people person dont be in the service industry. She snapped at me for looking over the specials which they weren't offering anymore..i said " I am just looking ..qith a smile" but she started with giving attitude. Was unnecessary. We were with a baby and toddler and my husband's drink got spilt after two sips coz he was tending to the baby.  She( the co owner) refused to replace the drink...sayying it's his fault and would charge full amount. The drink probably cost them a dollar Something? And my husband who would have atleast  had 3 drinks decided to not order another. And decided not to come back...till our waitress made it happen. It looks like others also have some complaints about the same person possibly. There are plenty of great restaurants in New Orleans so please be nice to your customers. Never the less, we will be back thanks to Danielle!Cowbell is an adorable little restaurant with a unique vibe.  It's very relaxed and friendly.  I've only been here once and had the burger which was awesome.  One of the best I've had in the city.  It was perfectly cooked and came with a delicious sauce on it.  I can't wait to go back.Another good NoLa recommendation for us Chicagoans. Real cute decor, friendly and colorful service staff. The food is tasty but nothing extraordinary. I ordered schnitzel - as recommended by our waiter- my husband ordered a burger and tacos for my daugther. It tasted all good but so pricey! 2 mini tacos for $14 is a bit much and so is chicken (didn't realize it was chicken, thought it was beef for that price) schnitzel for $19.After a few visits, it's safe to tip my hat to Cowbell and say this is the best Burger in New Orleans. First of all, they serve French Fries. You can't have the best burger experience without fries on the side. No way about it. Most importantly the burger itself is boss. It's made to order, and tastes like friendship. I think I've found God in a Cowbell burger before... but then again it was the day after Mardi Gras. 
The offerings beyond the burgers are also pretty stellar, jalapeno mac & cheese was pretty damn good, and I usually don't care for that stuff. The go-go sauce they serve on the side is tasty, maybe a little too sweet, but they also make their own ketchup (yet another hat tip!). Good job guys!
Last but not least, the folk-art decor is done well. The staff is super friendly, and there always seems to be parking. In the case of the emergency hangover burger, you can't ask for much more.So I finally got out to try this place and it's true what they say: the agogo sauce is out of this world. The burger was good and of course it was not complete without the fried egg. Here's the thing, if Cowbell was located even remotely close to where I lived I probably still wouldn't eat here because it was just meh. I wrote earlier that the burger was $15 but that was for all the fixin's (cheese, bacon and egg) so my mistake. I also forgot that it did actually come with fries but obviously they weren't at all memorable. The macaroni and cheese was decent but take that with a grain of salt because as ashamed as I am to admit it I still eat and love velveeta shells and cheese. Judge me, I don't care. All in all it was a good experience but I'd take Company Burger or even Rally's over Cowbell, but that's just me.I've got a fever, and the the only prescription IS MORE COWBELL!
We moved to New Orleans about 8 months ago.  I asked a coworker "What is the best burger in New Orleans?"  The answer was Cowbell.  We thought the prices were a little steep, but we put Cowbell on our list of places to try.  Well, today, we tried Cowbell.
BEST DAMN BURGER EVER.  HONEST.
Its not often that a meal is so good that you sit quietly and think about how amazing it was afterwards.  This was THAT good.  It was shockingly good.
The meat was SO FRESH and cooked so perfectly.  I like well-done for burgers.  That doesn't mean I want a dry, burnt burger.  Well, Cowbell did it perfectly.  The fries were also fresh and well cooked and delicious.  We also had the Meyer Lemon Creme Brulee.  We aren't brulee people, but we love lemon.  It was also really, really good.  
The restaurant is a converted gas station with unique decor.  Definitely not a cookie cutter, chain place.  The napkins were cloth kitchen towels, the glasses were mason jars, and there was a big carafe of ice water on the table.  
Our check came to about $40 and it was worth every penny.  This is our new favorite place in New Orleans.  Can't wait to go back!Cowbell, I love you!
Appropriate staff training.  That has made all the difference.  Every time my fiancée and I come to this place, I'm always struck by how much our waiter or waitress wants to help us, wants to be part of our decision-making process.  The staff here is very knowledgeable about the food and always happy to be waiting on you.  There are no scowls here, no servers dead set on showing you how annoyed they are to be working.  And that is so very refreshing.
On this last visit, everyone at the table had the lamb burger.  Get one if you have the chance.  The lamb burger was delicious, fresh and sharp-tasting.  The staff recommends that you get it with goat-milk gouda cheese.  The fresh, clean taste of the cheese goes perfectly with the lamb.  But let me tell you this: that sauce/veggie relish that goes on top of the burger is out of this world! If you want to taste fine dining in a burger, well, here it is!
The vegetable side order was fresh and delicious too.  When you bite into it, you know that the ingredients are good and pure.  Not too much salt; just the right amount of butter.  Very nice.  
As usual, the macaroni and cheese was fantastic too.  It's really a couple of levels above anybody else's.
There's been a lot of debate about who has the best burgers in New Orleans.  Well, my friends, there shouldn't be any debate.  First of all, Port of Call is awful, terribly overrated.  Charcoal is no longer as great as they once were.  Cowbell is the best--the absolute best.  They even beat out the much-loved Yo Mama's (who, I believe is second place, by the way).     
Anyway, you get what I'm saying.  Go to Cowbell.  What are you waiting for?!Instant favorite! Best burger I've had since living in LA. Also their homemade ketchup is awesome and made with apple cider vinegar and cinnamon. I just got bacon and cheddar cheese on the burger but it was PERFECTION.Cowbell is an eclectic treat both visually and in terms of food. The atmosphere is incredible, you can really tell a lot of effort went into creating a fun vibe in the place, and its happy decor provides a positive setting for a meal that delights. The service staff couldn't have been better; I was waiting to meet some people and multiple staff members offered to bring me a beverage, and one of them obliged to bring me a cup of coffee. Our server was very kind and knowledgeable of the regular menu and the specials. The specials all sounded fantastic, and I ended up ordering from that list: chicken and waffles. The grilled chicken was moist and flavorful, the waffle cooked perfectly, and the sausage gravy over the chicken was savory in beautiful contrast to the sweetness of syrup on the waffle. The folks I dined with ordered a grilled cheese with Gorgonzola and flank steak, and a cheeseburger. They both said they enjoyed the meal. The wait times for a table and food were short, though the place wasn't very busy while we were there. I would definitely go again!Best burger in NOLA.  Short wait at lunch on a Friday.  Staff is friendly (but not too friendly).  Limited menu but something for everyone.  Appetizing daily specials.  Top quality ingredients. Overall great experience.I met my darling at Cowbell for lunch yesterday and was extremely satisfied with the experience.
The place was packed and we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table, which is to be expected during the lunch rush. The restaurant itself is not very large but it has awesome decor and some community seating. They also have outside seating available. The menu is limited but is both carnivore & vegetarian friendly.
My honey had the veggie burger and I had the fish tacos. Both were absolutely delicious. The service was fantastic and friendly. We didn't have room to try dessert.
My rating is only four stars because the cost was a bit steep for lunch.i love how they have their own ketchup AND siracha mayo, i give them 5 stars for that couse is their own thing and you can put them on your chili fries wich are perfectly made in a way that the chilly doesnt just stick to some of the fries and makes them all wet and gross. KUDOS for that. Burger was awesome, staff was fun and nice. I also had the famous mac n cheese that makes you feel like your in a sweet loving home with mom cooking for you! Im not gonna get the fish tacos again, they werekinda wet and i dunno, nothing from another planet, had better fish tacos before. Again: Staff is fun and nice, they make you feel at home and they will remember me even tho i just had been there one time before hehe. Nice people! funny art.Best burger in NOLA for my money. This lovely restaurant is set inside of an old garage with the area around the pumps converted into patio seating. The decor is lovely and eclectic, embracing the heritage of the building's former location. The food is excellent. You cannot go wrong with the burger, but they offer rotating specials every night, such as the chicken and waffles on Wednesdays.
The interior is a little cozy and you might end up sharing tables with someone if you're just a party of two but that's part of the fun. The service is fast, helpful, friendly and efficient. They have a good selection of beers on tap as well as a full bar.
I recommend this place to everyone coming into town, without any reservations.Excellent, creative menu. sophisticated twists on old favorites (grilled cheese with asparagus and a date compote) as well as the best veggie burger in town.  LOTS of good stuff for the carnivores as well.  If it is cold, you have to try the hot buttered rum!I love the atmosphere and the food is great! Service is always fast and waitstaff is always super friendly and helpful. I only started going a few months ago but I've been at least 8 times. Love it!Came here with a huge group (like 15) and they were super accommodating. Great food, wonderful service. So glad that we randomly ended up here. I split the mac and cheese with a friend which was delightful. I really liked the tuna burger. Glad that we ended up wandering in here.The food is good, which is the only reason why I put two stars instead of one, and why my office decided to put Cowbell on our monthly rotation of restaurants from which to order lunch for 20-30 people.  Each person spends $12-15 so it ends up being a pretty substantial amount, and we always pay cash, so I thought they'd be happy for our business.  I called before opening hours to give them a heads up that a larger order was coming, because they acted like it was such an inconvenience the previous time), and so they'd have plenty of time to make it before the lunch rush.  As soon as I said who I was  and that I had a large order the girl who answered put the phone down and started having a conversation with the manager about how much to charge us.   She told me she'd be adding 20% gratuity because our order was "so big and complicated".    I told her my company's corporate policy is that we cannot tip over 5% on takeout and we'd be unable to order if it was over that amount. She said it was a pain in the butt to write our names on the boxes (so that we could figure out which order was which) , and that she wasn't doing it, or she was charging us 20%.   I've never seen a small business more ungrateful for a large order in my life.  We will not be ordering from there again.My Favorite Sat lunch spot for cheeseburgers, mac&cheese, brunch and Ball Sukahs. Best cocktails and great atmosphere.One of the best burgers Ive ever had.  Cheap, nice ambiance, lots of parking.  Can't wait to go back.  
The homemade sauces are outstanding.  If you love a good mayo based sauce, you'll love the agogo sauce.To die for burgers and fries. Also very fresh and delicious salads and fish tacos. Nice outdoor eating area.  Service is always friendly and fast. Good prices too.This place is great!! The service was awesome and so was the food. Glad I got the Mac n cheese and the adult grilled cheese, delicious! My friends got burgers and loved them. Overall great time and food!After living in Carrollton for almost two years, I FINALLY made it to Cowbell for Saturday brunch. My friends were sweet enough to treat me for my birthday and I'm so glad they did! Though I skipped the oft recommended burger, I can safely say my meal met the hype.
We had a 15 minute wait and ordered drinks, which we were able to sip outdoors while waiting for a table. The host was sweet enough to bring water for our dog, which was so appreciated.
Our party had bloody marys, guava mimosas, white sangria and a drink called the Molly Ringwald, all which were delicious. The mimosa was a little small for the price though.
We ordered the figgy toast (loaded with figs, but needs one more crouton gratis), mac & cheese, which was so mild and tasty, the adult grilled cheese with asparagus, goat cheese and a tomato jam, and  kale salad. OMG that kale salad...was aces. I cannot begin to express how badly I want the recipe for this salad. My friend also got the Arancini brunch special, which was topped with over easy eggs. Everything was flavorful and fresh.
My biggest "complaints" are that they don't have Sunday brunch and I had hoped they would have more breakfast-y carbs on the menu. I don't eat eggs and would have loved a waffle, crepe or french toast option! Seriously, I would be there errrrrrrrrrrrry Sunday for brunch! Please, Cowbell, hook your neighbors up!One of the best burgers in the city. I went strictly to try the burger, although they have a very good menu.
They have great outdoor seating right along the levee.
All in all I'd definitely come back again."Adult Grilled Cheese" is my absolute favorite meal off of the menu. Every time I go I have full intentions of ordering something new, but I just can't! 
My 2 year old son is also obsessed with the Mac & Cheese! He asks for it at least once a week!Ain't the cheapest burger in town, but it's arguably the best. Cowbell is located in the "hipster" uptown. Don't judge me for judging...I'm located there as well. The burger joint is located in what looks to be an old ice cream shop or milk house (did those even exist?). The menu isn't extensive, but how many options do you need when choosing a burger? What they do give you options on is .... wait for it.... condiments!!! WOOO!!! I get TONS AND TONS OF SAUCES IN MY BELLY which makes for a HAPPY me! 
Do try the Mac-n-cheese. It's really great. They boast of it being the best, but ... I must disappoint and say I've had better... way better. But, I'm something of a fancy, eat with your pinky out mac-n-cheese connoisseur. I run with the big mac-n-cheese dogs, so my opinion on whether it's the best doesn't count.
I haven't yet ventured into their other options which include fish tacos, Carne Asada tacos and a Ribeye that "makes babes cry." 
In a nut shell--- I've got a fever... and the only prescription... is more cowbell. You should too.It wasn't until my third attempt that I actually made it while it was open. I know they have the crazy hours to add to the bourgeois, hip, organic atmosphere, which is half of why I wanted to go, but definitely check the hours before leaving your house. Better yet, print them out, laminate them, and tape it to your dashboard b/c this is definitely a place you'll want to try. The food was great, kind of expensive, yes, but worth it for the "man, I should shop at farmer's markets, and ride my bike to work, and buy a goat" sort of feeling you need to have to remind yourself that being healthy and eco-conscious is incredibly important. And tasty.
I would personally try the mac and cheese, which I added a bit of their homemade ketchup to for fun...turned out to be a good idea, but it can stand alone. The only real downside was that our server seemed to be high as a kite or else really in his own personal zen-zone, because he forgot our drinks and basically us in general. Too bad, because we definitely would've bought more beer if he had checked on us.
End of story, you should go because you will love their creative menu and the absolute quality of their products, but plan your trip or you'll just end up slightly disappointed at Truburger down the street.Damn good burgers, juicy and just the right size. Homemade Ketchup and agogo sauce were addicting. Fries were good, service was good, everything good! Would eat here rather than The Company Burger, which feels so much more... sterile.What an inventive and well executed menu.  
Returning from a day at the zoo with my family we wanted to try this restaurant because of the reviews and good reputation.
I consider myself a foodie, and I was overly impressed with the originality of this restaurant.
The Quesadilla was by far the most original I have ever had.   It was not an overly loaded cheese mess, but an inventive, mild, and delicious concoction of unusual ingredients including huitlacoche (look it up) which was delicious, plus some great mushrooms, and a light touch of a delicious Mexican cheese.
The Figgy Toast was an amazing dish with a little andouille, cooked figs, served with crostini and blue cheese.  Wonderful and fresh.
Mac and cheese was good.  The hamburgers were huge and delicious, and the fries were just the way you like them.
Service is very pleasant.  Ambiance is cozy and relaxed.The food was very good. We tried the red bean and rice veggie burger. It was great. The fish taco were also very good. The service is real friendly and fun.We sat at the bar because we didn't feel like waiting for a table. I like sitting at the bar with my husband because we can snuggle while we wait for our food (sorry not sorry!). OK so the food was BANGIN'! We got two orders of fries, they were so fresh and crispy! I started with the LOVE Brussels Sprouts - bacon, almonds, grapes and YUMMINESS all around :) I had the Skirt Steak and T got the Burger - it's a BEEF kinda place. Everything was scrumptious but, specifically, the black beans and mango salsa that came with the steak. Food coma!!The space feels open and the vibe is friendly. Good beer selection. The chef definitely hooks up some creative and tasty specials. Be brave. Go for the special. 
Clam chowder was excellent. And I pronounce it chowdah, so I should know. 
Funny thing is... I like almost everything else I've eaten there over the burgers. But I tend to like burgers with a bit more fat. The beef they use is a bit lean for my taste, but the bun and accoutrements are tasty. Sauces are inspired
This spot is always a good bet. Great food. Sensible, reasonable pricing.I really want to love Cowbell. Although after my first visit, I have to say I am only in the "like" phase in our relationship. I love the décor; something of a rustic meets cute. I love the fact that they are committed to using local ingredients. It really stinks that they are BYOB right now because of the city and the stinginess as of late with handing out liquor licenses. Umm we live in New Orleans folks, you're telling me that it's better for me to go pick up some beer from the ghetto mart up the street than to have it in a nice establishment like Cowbell? Sorry I got off track for a moment. I hope that liquor license comes soon guys. So, the most important part, the food. I have to say my first meal was a little bit of a letdown. The mac and cheese had a good flavor, but a little soupy for me. The burger was missing something, I added the compote and blue cheese, but it still seemed to be a little dry and somewhat bland. The additions to my burger had a good taste, but there wasn't enough of it. I kept dipping my burger in the soupy mac and cheese. The potato roll is excellent though. I also tasted the adult grilled cheese which was smoked duck with a pepper jelly. There was a little too much pepper jelly that overpowered the rest of the sandwich.  The staff is very friendly and made us feel very welcome. This was just the first date Cowbell and because you're so cute and nice I'll be giving you a second chance. I really think that this restaurant has great potential and is a wonderful new addition to New Orleans. A few kinks to still work out, but it's definitely worth trying.Be prepared to take an epic nap afterwards. I personally like to start off with the chili-cheese fries. Then I order the burger with cheddar cheese. I skip the regular condiments and make a mixture out of the two sauces they provide. I eat more than I should and then waddle my way back up Oak Street. The Watermelon soda is pretty rad, too.My favorite burger in New Orleans. I've tried a lot of burgers in the city and Cowbell wins hands down. My only complaint is that you can't split the bill, but even that's a small price to pay compared to the deliciousness of those burgers!This is by for one of the better experiences I have had at a local joint in NOLA.  Before I start my review I know a lot of people have come here to try to the Burger, I do not think that is what they do best.  There are better choices for burgers in the NOLA area.  However, they have exceptional items in the menu besides the burger that are fantastic.
Food: I hade the BBQ RIbeye, Mac & Cheese and Waffles.  The waffle was a special with another item and I requested it with my steak which they more that accommodated.  This steak was one of the better steaks I have had in NOLA.  This ribeye was tender, juicy and perfect seasoning.  Mac & Cheese was to die for.  If you ever go here get the Mac & Cheese, they make it like no other.  Very unique.  Waffle was good but I wish it was just a little warmer, I think they made it to early and it sat waiting for the rest of the food.  I also had the clam chowder which was very light.  I like a good thick creamy east coast chowder which I still have not found here.  It still did have a good taste.  
Beer: They had some unique beers in the can and bottle which were both tasty, Boddington's Pub Ale in a can(this is a very smooth english beer, thick but tasty, and the other I tried was Blue Heron Pale Ale which was good.  They did not have any frosted mugs which was a disappointment.  This is definitely not a beer house but they still have a few notable selections, no draft though.  
Service: This would be a 4 start review but our service was absolutely phenomenal, which put it over the top.  Our server was very knowledgeable and attentive to our needs and so was the other staff.  This put it over the top!Brought a out of town business buddy here, after he commented, "I didn't come to New Orleans to eat a burger".  Fast forward to later in the night where he had facebooked he just eaten the best burger in his life. Couldn't write a tv commercial any better than that...
I had the lamb burger this time....tasty and good. Hopefully when I go back later in the week, I'll finally get to try te mac n cheese everyone has been ranting and raving about!Cast Iron Chickies are some of the best wings I have ever had. I will dream about them when I leave NOLA. They have just a little bit of a kick to make them totally unforgetable!I really wanted to like Cowbell.  It has such great reviews and I love a good burger.  I took my daughter there over the Christmas holidays when she was visiting.  We both ordered burgers medium rare and they were so "rare" as to be cold inside and bloody.  The mac and cheese which everyone had raved about was only average.  A couple weeks ago one of my friends wanted to try it out because she'd never been.  We were seated promptly and the waitress was attentive.  We ordered a quesadilla starter (which was again, just average) and two medium rare burgers.  This time, the burgers were medium well with no pink in the center.  It isn't difficult to cook a burger, and it shouldn't be difficult to cook a burger to order.  That just doesn't seem to be Cowbell's speciality.  Also, when the bill came for two iced teas, one starter and two burgers it was $42.  That's a lot more than we were comfortable spending for the mediocre meal we'd just had.  While I really want to like them, I will be giving Cowbell a pass from now on.I continue to be amazed at how many establishments destroy so much hard work with vent hood failure.  I was able to make it through most of the meal before my eyes started watering, but I had to change clothes and shower immediately after leaving.  Vent hood failure notwithstanding, the place looks great and the food was pretty good.  I was craving a hamburger and enjoyed what I got.  It was above average.  Competent but not outstanding.  Likewise for other things we ordered.  The exception was the desert which was very, very good.  I wouldn't consider the prices to represent a value.  They weren't so high that I wouldn't return, but If you are sensitive to prices or looking for a value, this isn't the place for you.Good food and loved the cocktail menu. Their mac and cheese is TO DIE FOR. 
Wasn't too impressed with their menu having a limited selection of options for plates. Most of the appetizers and small plates sounded the most appetizing. Apparently, their burgers are what people go there for. I did have their burger of the day which was delicious, but it wasn't anything too special as far as a burger goes. Would love to see them extend their menu past just sandwiches, burgers and salads. They have some other things but not a lot to choose from.Ugh cowbell.... How you've let me down... I went last night with four of my friends at 8 pm. They told us it was going to be a 25 minute wait and refuses to serve us despite there being a plethora of open tables. Once seated, we ordered as usual. The food took a full hour to come out and our waiter never came to check on us or alert us of our foods status. Granted when the food came it was good, but the service was terrible. Be ready to wait a long time and put up with some indifferent staff while you wait for food.Unless I am out of town, I find myself at Cowbell at least once a week, and they can honestly do little wrong in my book.  The best macaroni and cheese I have ever tasted, salad served with a just-sweet-enough house made vinaigrette, and of course the burgers.  I haven't actually explored the menu in much depth, because other than occasionally being lured off the beaten path by a particularly striking special (if you are ever there when the lamb tacos are being served, drop everything and order them immediately), I get the same burger every time.  Perfectly seasoned natural beef, a delicious soft bun with just a bit of crunch, crispy fries with coarse salt and their amazing and distinct homemade ketchup...I don't know what else I could ask for in a burger.
I have to admit that my experiences haven't been perfectly consistent.  Once or twice I have gone during a slow weekday lunch and encountered a cook who either forgot my burger on the grill or became pretty confused about the definition of 'medium rare', but as often as I have gone I consider that a great track record - and even then the meal was not bad, just average.  Combine all of the amazing food with the attentive, friendly, and all-around lovely waitstaff and I probably have to just go ahead and call Cowbell my favorite restaurant in the city.Cowbell achieves on all levels: the atmosphere, service, food, and drinks/cocktails are all top notch! The vibe and decor are funky but coherent and thoughtful- not simply a hodgepodge; it is a fun place to be, whether dining inside our outside on the covered patio. The food is SPECTACULAR! We had the classic house burger (we took our server's recommendation to add bacon and a fried egg) and the carne asada tacos.  Both were fabulous.  I would say, the best burger in New Orleans.  The bar menu is noteworthy as well, with several interesting styles of drinks, such as a variety of house gimlets.  The devil is in the details with restaurants like this one, and Cowbell gets it so right.  We will definitely be back! Highly recommend.I'm surprised I haven't written a review for Cowbell yet! I've been here a few times so I want to write a review for two of the things I ate.
Visit one I got the Locally World Famous Cowbell Burger (natural, grass-fed beef burger with toasted potato roll, lettuce, tomato & onion, hand cut fries & our signature ketchup & agogo sauce $14), even though the name is a bit pompous the burger is very delicious. 
Visit two I got one of the specials, it was a grilled cheese with zucchini and side salad. The salad had a sherry-maple vinaigrette which was delish - I got the dressing on the side and just added as I went. The grilled cheese was very buttery (but very good) and wasn't the healthiest thing I could have ordered. Every time I bit into the sandwich I thought the zucchini was avocado! My sandwich with an iced tea and tip ran me about $21.
I would come here again and get the burger, it is just that good! One of my coworkers got the Equally famous Cowbell Harvest Burger which looked like nasty meatloaf on a bun... I would not suggest getting that if you are looking for a burger substitute. 
Both times we sat outside because it was a nice day :DI had fish tacos and were amazing. Will return again and again as everything looks so delish!Excellent food, but never ask to pay with more than one card!  Simple math eludes them, they cannot evenly divide a bill on two cards without having to slap themselves in the forehead!This place had me at its decor. Great outdoor seating area, kitschy decorated interior and bar. The staff was all very nice and my waiter could not have been more attentive or professional. Although I was tempted by many of the menu items most famously the Mac and cheese and the adult grilled cheese... I went basic and went for their homemade veggie burger. This thang wuz THICK...which didn't stop me from finishing it. EEWWWUUFFF...I am still full the next day. But dam was it good...throw in the fresh cut fries and special home made ketchup and spicy aioli sauced and there you have it ladies and gentleman you have your 5 star experience. 
Ok...ok...I'll join the club....MOREEEE COWWWBEELLL!!!Ok, so, I avoided this place for a long time because I'm not a big hamburger fan (yes, we do exist).  I have several friends who are, and they love this place.  Usually when they go here and I'm invited, I would just bow out.  But, I have found out that they have pretty decent fish tacos--Not blow me away, awesome fish tacos, but good enough that if my meat eater friends just have to go here, I'm happy to come along.  
I like this place more for its cool feel.  You really feel like you're sitting in a southern dinner once you walk in.  I love the use of mason jars for light fixtures and other re-use of car hardware for decoration.  As Shannon S. said "folksy art.......meets gas station"
Not the best food, but a fun spot every once in a while.I enjoyed the hell out of my burger... I didn't like the wine reduction compose that much.. The burger was good without it.Very good hamburger.  All the members
Of our party got the cowbell and everyone was happy.  Great options.  Service and atmosphere where really good.I was visiting for a few weeks and never had the time to eat in, but was lucky enough to get their burger to go after a late night at work. Wow! I went back a few days later and got it again. Fantastic! Their home made ketchup really added something too. It was delicious to go and I can only imagine how much better it'd be to enjoy hot and fresh off the grill. There's always next time...Burgers were good, fries were great 
Sauces were awesome 
Mac n cheese was good
Would love if they had Amstel light & bud light, we all had to drink miller light  
I don't think our server was pleased that the 6 of us were chatty & having fun lol
There was one other table inside when we got there 
Some of the group with my husband & I were a little loud
We left her a great tip apologized for any loudness & left to go play trivia at a even louder place ;)Mmmmm, cowbell. Everything I've eaten here has been delicious, and at a fair price. There's a reason this place gets so crowded. The mac and cheese is fab, but my favorite is the adult grilled cheese and soup. The waitstaff is friendly and welcoming despite how busy they are, and the burgers are great, too. You won't be sorry that you made the crosstown trek over to Oak St!Food was pretty good and prices were OK, but as other comments pointed out, the tone of the menu (no more than xxx number of separate checks, don't even ask) is not amusing in the least at an establishment like this.  That type of 'humor' is more appropriate at a family operated po-boy joint on St Claude Ave.  Particularly offensive are the 'rules' posted at the hostess stand.  While waiting for a table, another patron was prevented from approaching the bar to order a drink while waiting for a table.  The hostess said she had to get it for him.  Needless to say we both rolled our eyes at each other after that encounter.  Also, communal dining is rather dreadful.  I am not a fan of sitting next to a stranger, much less one with a child, or someone with body odor.  Next time I will opt for Company Burger on Freret where the tables are private and there are no house rules.  Really a shame, because the food is good and the waitress was rather nice.I just wanted to give everyone at Cowbell a shout-out, I miss you guys soooo friggin much! And I want that Chicken Arugula Salad! I still can't recreate it the way y'all do it... that thing is made with luv & magic :) keep up the fantastic work you do! Xoxoxo