Service was crappy, and food was mediocre.  I wish I would have picked some other place for my last dinner in town.Enjoyed my fish out at a sidewalk table.  A bit pricey but food was good.  Go to Side street in French quarter if u want quieter dining outside.I was happy his was my first experience with Nola food and not my last, started on a low point. First, I understand it was Sunday night before Fat Tuesday and our waitress was working back to back 12 shifts. However, my drink order was forgotten, and my friends plate was mixed up. For my food, I had the po'boy shrimp and was underwhelmed, there was a hardy serving of shrimp but there was minimal lettuce or sauce and the fries were weak, many soggy. Needless to say, we didn't go back. From other reviews seems like we caught them on an off-day but unfortunately the result is a lack luster review.Had breakfast with the family after a quick stopover. Great food and service (thanks Jonathan!), definaelty a good find that was busy but had no wait on a Saturday.The one thing I really wanted for breakfast while in New Orleans was Grillades. I have made them at home from a recipe but never had them in a restaurant. When Yelp searching this place popped up so it was a must for breakfast. 
The restaurant has a diner style atmosphere. We were seated by the window so we got to watch traffic pass by on Canal Street. Our service was quick and our server was great. 
Of course I ordered the Grits and Grillades. Slow roasted beef with peppers and onions in a brown gravy over creamy Gouda cheese grits sounded perfect. It did not disappoint as it was so delicious!  I get excited when I go to a restaurant and order something I've cooked before and it tastes better than mine. This will be a must on any future New Orleans trips.My girlfriends and I ate at the Creole House for dinner. Our decision to dine here was largely based on the fact that it was pouring raining and this restaurant is next door to our hotel. We started with the bacon garlic oysters and jumbo buffalo wings. The bacon garlic oysters were average, at best. The oysters were overpowered by the cheese and bacon, which was disappointing. The buffalo wings were pretty good and seasoned well. For entrees, we ordered: 1) jumbalaya pasta, 2) blackened red fish and 3) canal street red fish. The jumbalaya pasta lacked flavor and was our least favorite (would not order again). The blackened red fish was just okay and the skimpy side of sautéed veggies (spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms) were VERY salty (would order again as a LAST resort). The canal street red fish wasn't great but my friend would order it again. Her biggest complaint was that it had very little garlic sauce. We also ordered paddle boat drinks, which tasted good but were more juice vs alcohol (had to order an extra shot).
So, overall, we were underwhelmed with the food, making it a solid 3 stars. On a positive note, our server, Alexander, was great...very hospitable and tried his best to make sure we were satisfied.We stayed at the Sheraton and they recommend this place. It was really great. I had the sampler and it was amazing, especially the crawfish ettouffe ! My husband had the shrimp and grits and he loved it. The staff was very friendly, I will definitely come again.Amazing food. Was quick service too. Had the po boy shrimp sandwich. The atmosphere was great. Need to come back and try the smoked oysters. Would highly recommend.The chargrilled oysters are amazing! The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is being the service was kind of terrible. My shrimp po boy was awesome, but my sister said her alligator po boy was just okay.Chargrilled oysters were everything. I also had the Cajun red fish. They don't have many healthy options. Only green beans, that looked like edemame. I'm allergic to soy so I didn't take that chance. 
Still overall the food was great and staff was nice.Reasonably priced spot with good beer and food selection. I tried the PO Boy with sauté onions and red peppers - food was good and the fries were great (note don't use ketchup as they are tasty by itself).Awesome! Hurricanes will blow you away! Quick service! Etoufee is terrific...Authentic New Orleans cuisine. Always ask for Shirley - she's surely the best!!!! Ooo! Rah!Do Not Come to this Place! The shrimp was disgusting you can even taste the dirt inside it. 
It took the 20 min to serve it. And took them another 20 min for the gumbo. Most horrible is no service at all! None! I sit in the bar for 10 min no one serves me! Even after I ask the bar tender many times he took my order with a shitty face, I got no water no Fock knife no nothing the guy next to me even yelled at them to get service. I asked the woman from the kitchen sending gumbo for water she said as kinda surprised and said" you want water?" Oh yeah should I is she dumb? 
The bar tender was busy counting money and cold as as ice, the other guy grilling oyster is ridiculous as well. And oh boy the food is way over priced for the poor quality.
And the bar tender dare to have the face asking for 20% tip.
To the manager you should first fire the bar tender and then fire the chef, probably in the end fire yourself for hiring such horrible people!We went here for lunch today and it was AMAZING. I'm not kidding when I say it's the best chicken fettuccine alfredo I've ever had. Our waitress was super nice, and asked a little bit about what we were doing in New Orleans. She gave us some things to do around the area too! It's a great location and seriously, the food is to die for! Everyone needs to come eat here! Plus, the inside is so cute!!Went here for dinner, got the crab claws, gumbo and jambalaya pasta. Was really disappointed in everything. Everything came out like warm and not hot. The crab claws were the only thing that was good. The gumbo was not good at all. Our jambalaya came out and had a hair
In it! We couldn't eat that and had to return it. The manager came out and all they did was apologize. That doesn't make up for me leaving still hungry. 
Such a disappointing experience and won't be back here. 
Next time take care of your customers and make sure that you do something besides offer an apology for ruining our dinner.Stopped in for some drinks and an app. Got the calamari, it was good. Batter was a bit heavy but the calamari itself was cooked well, not rubbery at all. Asked for more marinara because it only comes with about a tablespoon. Was told we would be charged for more sauce to accompany the 3/4 of our calamari that we had left. I understand not giving the house away for free but give and appropriate side of accompaniments for paying customers.Very disappointed.... food was only ok.... waitress was not to be found.
There's way too many other great restaurants in New Orleans to settle for a place like this.We stopped into this restaurant due to its convenience to our tour bus pickup across the street.  The seating area was fairly large, including extra space upstairs (where we were).  This was great, because we only had to wait a couple minutes for a table.  We enjoyed the char-grilled oyster appetizer, but I thought it was missing "something".  Maybe a bit of pepper or other seasoning...
I wasn't terribly hungry, so I just ordered a cup of gumbo.  It was decent but only had chicken and sausage inside, and I really thought it could use a bit of seafood to round out the flavor.  The kids liked their food off the kids menu pretty well, although they should offer a marinara sauce option for the noodles (my young daughter wasn't so excited about butter sauce on her noodles).  My wife had enjoyed what she ordered, although I can't remember what she ordered for the life of me!
This wouldn't be our first choice for New Orleans cuisine in the whole city, but it's a good short notice option.Awesome po-boy selection. Ifyou want to sample, they have a great Louisiana sampler as wellThis ended up being our favorite restaurant during the trip. We had dinner her twice since it was so good. The wait staff was friendly and accommodating. The food was fresh, hot and seasoned well. The veggies were amazing and could have been a meal themselves. A great experience and will definitely come back.Yelp led us astray this time. Not even close to 4 stars. We went for dinner - alligator bites, crab claws, panko-breaded redfish, crawfish etoufee. The redfish was delicious, but the crab claws and crawfish were few and far between and cooked almost into oblivion. A $12 martini was little more than fruit juice. The restaurant itself was sadly worn and less than clean - just go somewhere else.Absolutely delicious restaurant! Loved our server as well, he was extremely chill. Stupendous Service. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it is a tourist-trap place that has astronomically priced meals. You're probably going to get that anywhere in this area of the city though. However, if you're wanting to try any Creole/New Orleans-specific means; they have it here. Great place to go if you're wanting to get a flavor for NOLA!We had already spend a long while walking around through the parade and wanted to kill time before we got oysters. We were waiting for the line to die down at two other places but came across Creole House on the way to French quarter. The line was short and it was only a 20 minute wait. I am an oyster fiend. Living in NYC I got oysters every other night enjoying 2-3 dozens by myself. Thinking the oysters would be delicious , I ordered 2 dozens and so did my sister. We also shared a cup of gumbo. My sisters friend had a shrimp po boy with fries. After half a dozen oysters I started to feel nauseous. I didn't want to waste any oysters so I suffered though the first dozen. My sister has a strong stomach and finish 1.5 dozen. I couldn't eat anymore. The gumbo was terrible. It had no flavor, it was so tiny for 7 dollars(we had way better gumbo at another place the day after for way less). We had a taste of the po boy as well. It was just ok. My sisters friend didn't finish it either. The fries came fresh out the freezer I'm sure. Dry and scrawny little things. Should've just gone to French quarter and ate at one of the other places. Probably would've been better since the lines were longer. Would've been worth the wait. What a waste of money. And stomach space.The reviews did not disappoint. The chargrilled oysters were the BEST!!!! Shrimp po boy fried fish po boy seasoned and fried to perfection. Ask for Shirley. Even though she is a Met fan we won't hold that against her. She is an excellent server. Will be back.What can I say, the food here was beyond delicious.  My husband and I were looking for a place to have lunch and just so happened to stumble upon this restaurant.  We were greeted by the servers outside who told us to come on in because we won't be disappointed and boy oh boy we weren't.  Our server was warm and friendly was and the decor was elegant and clean.  My husband had stuffed fish entree with a hurricane to wash it down and I had the shrimp and Crab Cake Alfredo with a Voodoo Doll cocktail. Let's just say the moment I took my first bite it was as if angels touched down on my tongue, it was heavenly! Next time we're in NOLA we will definitely make a return visit. 5 Stars!!We ordered the Cajun burger, crawfish Alfredo, shrimp po boy and kids chicken tenders. The burger was well cooked and had good flavor. The Cajun crawfish Alfredo was not spicy and that was a little disappointing and pricey. The Shrimp po boy was good. The chicken fingers had good chicken chunks and a seasoned batter.Friendly service and amazing food.  Ate here several times over the week.  Highly recommend the chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits and the fish Po Boy!  Shout out to the "Beast" and April for great service and conversation!Awful food! Don't go to this place. Jambalaya was cold, looked like a fast food!!!! We ordered a non spicy fish. It came like hell hot overloaded with hot sauce. The server simply said it was not her fault, but the chef...I thought everyone working in the same place were supposed to be one team and not one blaming the other....bad bad bad behavior....The oysters were really good and so was the red fish. My dining partner thought the gator appetizer was good. The fish platter is plentiful. Didn't try dessert. Service was a little slow had to ask about food and appetizer even though it didn't seem to be real busy.Loved the charbroiled oysters. Jason, waiter was excellent and knowledgeable. Great location, as I stayed at the Marriott on canal st. 2 min walk.The service was great & my food came in no time! 
I tried the taste of bayou & thought it was just okay. I'll give this place another try next time I'm around & get something different.OK I have to admit that I had been eye balling this place from my hotel and really wanted to try it.  I went in with a group of friends and was very surprised at how nice and inviting it was inside.  
We started out with some crab cakes and they were amazing.  The crab cake sauce was so good one member of the party asked for some with her dinner.  We also got oysters on a half shell which had bent baked with cheese on them.  I am not an oyster person but these were amazing.Dinner was pretty good. Fish was cooked perfectly. Charbroiled oysters could have been cooked longer. Shrimp and crab pasta was good. Burger wasn't good.. flavorless and over cooked. But our server Devin was outstanding! Felt like he was part of our group!Great new find on the French Quarter side of Canal street. The Oysters were icy cold as were the beer. All of the favorite New Orleans food choices. It was the 2nd time this weekend we noticed they turned away diners, then started accepting diners again. Apparently when the kitchen gets backed up, they do that, lol.Came here because of the high rating on yelp but i have to disagree with everyone's rave reviews. I ordered the trio and of the three the gumbo was the only really enjoyable item. The person I was with got the blackened redfish and really liked it but unfortunately for me the jambalaya of my meal was exceptionally dry, making the meat tough and chewy. 
This is a good place for a bite to eat if you are just getting the lay of the land but there are many better options, especially for the price which was quite high compared to other places i visited on my stay.Looks like a dinner, eats like a four star restaurant. Our server, Casey was really sweet. Had the creole bites, crab cakes, sampler dish, and bread pudding.  If I could eat another round, I would.
Went back for breakfast. I had the Creole bowl and hubby had the morning after. Love them grits. They have great coffee too. Adrienne was delightful-loved her!!! She went above and beyond.Just ok. You would think with a name like this, you would be about to get some authentic creole food in Nola. I had the gumbo and the crab claws. The gumbo wasn't hot and crab claws barely had any meat on them, but the taste of everything was good. Eh...I probably wouldn't go back.Good food, loud atmosphere, great service by Ben. They were out of Bread Pudding, which was a big disappointment. The Alfredo was a bit overdone, nothing really outstanding about the food. Had it not been for the great service I'd have only given them one star.I went with about 11 of my girlfriends. The server did a great job handling all of our orders and attitudes. The oysters were great. But a few of my girls had the shrimp and grits, it was cold. Someone had the power boy which she said was great. I had the gumbo which was ok. All in all the atmosphere is great. I would go again.The food here is out of this world. I had the stuffed fish; very large and appetizing. The service was also great too. Shane, the chef, was very observant. He checked in with us several times throughout our meal.Had the Creole House Shrimp Po Boy, Fried Alligator, and the Caramel Waffle Apple Sunday.  All of it was phenomenal.  Our server was great.  If I'm ever in New Orleans again, I would absolutely come back.  Very cool place.I had the shrimp and grits ($20) and it was delicious! Good portion size and no wait. Decent amount of seating on 2 floors. Service seemed to be fine. They had a good selection of cocktails too.This place has a nice atmosphere. The bartenders were nice and the bar was well stocked. The restaurant was always full whenever I passed by with customers that were mostly dressed in a casual way.Wow.  What a great new restaurant!   We had the crawfish cakes & 3 different orders of chargrilled oysters, everything was delicious.  We had wait staff that was in training & the service was wonderful. Will definitely visit again.Loved the service at Creole House, and the food was tasty too! Great portion sizes for your money, and the coffee refills kept the Bloody Mary's booziness at bay  Couldn't help but love the Gouda grits and Cajun sauce on top of my omelette, but was disappointed that the minced garlic was heaped inside without much class. I did find what appeared to be the plastic film top to a squeeze bottle on my plate, which both the manager and waiter apologized profusely for... and deducted from my final bill. Wouldn't say the bathroom was the cleanest I'd ever been in -- tough to keep up with during Mardi Gras, I suppose. Overall I still enjoyed my visit, but will probably go elsewhere when I'm back in town next!Excellent place! We had Crab Cakes and Crab legs for our appetizer. Then we had Taste of the Baypu, little of everything....so delicious and fresh!We came across this place as my family and I were visiting New Orleans and we were taking a walk from the hotel to the French Quarter around 11am on a Saturday. We were seated immediately and the staff were all absolutely friendly. I was not familiar with Louisiana food so I appreciated the thorough explanation given when I asked what's bayou etc. Since we were there for brunch, we had two omelettes which were both good, friend alligator, shrimp po-boy, and a bayou bowl. Everything was great except I'm a little disappointed with the alligator meat - because it was fried it tasted like chicken to me, I can't really tell I was eating alligator. I wish there were options to choose from in terms of how you want the meat cooked.Brittany & Jasmine are AWESOME! The food was terrific. The drinks were thirst quenching and a delight. This is always my first stop whenever I come to The Big Easy.We came here because of the pics and the reviews, but the food was ok. She had the muffuletta and I had crab cakes and gumbo. The service was really good, Tatiana kept us happy and did her best. The drinks were touristy and just ok. If you want to spend the money, stop by, otherwise take yourself elsewhere for the price.After gambling at Harrah's for several hours, my fiancé and I decided to swing over to Creole House for a snack. We shared the appetizer sampler with the 3 cups of gumbo, jambalaya, and crawfish etouffe. It was all very good, but seemed kind of pricey for the portion size. Each small cup was basically $6, but it was close to the Casino so I guess those are tourist prices. 
We sat at the bar to eat so we wouldn't take a table away from a waiter on just eating an appetizer. The bartender was pretty grumpy and not interested in any type of conversation despite the bar being pretty dead. Not sure if he's like that all the time or just because it was the day before New Year's Eve and he'd rather be gambling. 
Any how, minus 2 stars on price gouging and grumpy bartender. We'd go back for more food despite the price, I think.New Orleans is a fantastic food town. You'll find it hard to find bad food at any of the restaurants. 
We stopped here on a suggestion from a friend and I'm sure happy that we did. 
 I ordered a Po-Boy with sautéed shrimp, bacon, and jalapeño. Add. to this all of the great Po-Boy toppings and you have quite a sandwich. It was full of flavor and had a nice little bite with the jalapeños figuring prominently in the dish. 
My wife had a roast beef Po-Boy that was seasoned just right for that NOLA taste. 
The Creole House also had a fantastic and attentive waiter who kept checking on us and definitely deserved the tip that we gave him!This was recommended by the valet guy and was the ONLY bad meal we had.  We waited for 15 minutes to get a table. They put us by the open door even though we asked to be inside because it was chilly out.  Waited 15 minutes before our waitress even came around. We should have walked out then, but we thought the food would make up for it. Wrong!  This waitress kept having her table's food and drinks being returned for being wrong.  She couldn't get anything right.  My friend and I ordered the try 3, which comes out of pots and placed in bowls, so we should have been served quickly. No, we waited an hour.  Every time I saw the waitress, which wasn't often, she said it was on it's way out. When it did come out, the jambalaya was cold and the crawfish etoffee was lukewarm and the gumbo had no meat in it. What a waste of our time. Tourist trap I'm sure because it's on Canal, so stay away.Oh. My. God.   The Canal St. Redfish.   Words cannot describe the flavor of this magnificent dish.  Panko crusted, pan seared redfish topped with a Cajun garlic sauce and topped with sautéed shrimp served with sautéed vegetables.   
Totally worth leaving my narrow-palleted wonderful hubby at Harrahs Casino to endure my tastebuds.After trying to find a place to eat for 30 min since every thing was closed. Mind you we went on the Fourth, we decided to eat here. We were welcomed with friendly smiles. Our waiter came and quickly took our orders.the atmosphere was great, it was not busy at all. We order the taste of Buyou and crab and shrimp Alfredo. The food came out quick and was very tasty. The only thing that could of been better was the seasoning on the pasta and there could of been more meat in the gumbo. But overall the food was great. Will come back againThe BEST dessert in the whole world- Pecan Cobbler! Ice cream on the side- get a double scoop and thank me later. The steak is good with the garlic potatoes and the wing 5 wing appetizer is whole wings good enough for a meal and definitely to share. Always had great service although the wait can be a little long. Best spot after 10 for sure and if simply for the Pecan Cobbler GOLast night me and 24 others were visiting from Houston Texas and we had Jabari as a waiter and Mike and Billy cooking grilling our oysters. Our service was superb and the food was outstanding. Anyone going by ask for Jabari. You will not be disappointed.Fabulous food and fantastic service!  We had the Nola Bites, Mufaletta, Crawfish Etouffee, and a side of the cheese grits - I didn't want to stop eating!  Carl, our server, kept things lively and entertaining without being obnoxious.  I don't normally write reviews and tonight's meal made me take the time to say, "Kudos Creole House!  Best dinner we've had in a long time!"I was traveling with a party of six who wanted to taste the flavors of New Orleans.  We just happened to stumble upon the Creole House Restaurant.  The atmosphere was great.  An opportunity to sit with friends and enjoy good food.  The customer service was remarkable!  As for the food,  every dish ordered by our party was superb!Service by Heather and hostess at time . 
I will write about the food which was great in another review later on  to balance the offset.We came here for a team dinner during our company convention, and the service was outstanding! All of the appetizers were on point, especially the charbroiled oysters. I had the Creole House Po'boy that was super Legit! Great beer options and great ambiance. I will be back to visit on my next trip to New Orleans.This place is great. Service brought us extra cherries for baby without asking. The fried seafood and drinks are the best. I love norleans! It's like Vegas with great food everywhere here hoooraaaaye.Absolutely out best dining experience in New Orleans.  The food was terrific,  the service from Paula was off the charts wonderful.  We will be back tomorrow.This restaurant happened to be empty and across the street from my hotel, so it satisfied my initial criteria.  Service was also on point.  But the food was only alright: I thought the Hangover burger was pretty good, but the skillet was average at best.  And in a city that excels in food like New Orleans, why waste a meal?  Definitely a passable experience, but nothing to write home about.Food is tasty but service really bad. They had some poor guy in charge of preparing the char broiled oysters and bar tending. Just a bad set up and a management issue. The guy was a nice guy just poorly managed.  Very rude and incompetent manager Dorothy.We had a nice time here. Great place for a group.
The restaurant handled a large group of 18 for us and I greatly appreciated the manager and our server,who was very attentive. There was one server at a busy place so it wasn't as fast as if we were a smaller, but more than acceptable given our group size. Also, the price point is very reasonable for NOLA.  We were upstairs and the room is spacious and a little loud with all of us talking.
For those who didn't like seafood, there was selection for them. I had a sampler and I found that I would have skipped and ordered the Etouffe as it is the best food in the sampler. My husband ordered the Creole House Po Boy which had a nice spicy (messy) sauce, but I missed the crunch of the fried shrimp.Excellent everything!   We were there in December.  One day during our trip we ate breakfast and lunch here.  Charbroiled oysters!!!!I'm in NOLA for a conference. I had dinner here tonight, sat at the bar and got to know the local sitting next to me. I had the Creole Stuffed Fish, which was excellent. The sauce was delicious and made the dish. Fresh, real mashed potatoes that weren't overwhelmed with cream and butter. The vegetables were a little salty but fit well with the meal. Also had a hurricane m, which of course, you have to have when you're in New Orleans. Service was friendly but not overwhelming. Definitely recommend this place. Only negative is it's a bit noisy and the tables are very close together.From the moment I hit the door the service was on point a very friendly atmosphere. My server was great. She made very good suggestions and our food came out in a timely matter. For an appetizer I thoroughly enjoyed the sautéed crab claws the sauce was to die for and when you order make sure you get the toasted bread to dip that sauce. For the main I enjoyed the canal street redfish which was cooked and seasoned to perfection. I tell you I thought my husband was going to have to roll me out of there. It is a must go toI really enjoyed the grilled oyster which has a nice smokey flavor.  Stopped in for a quick lunch, sat at the bar.  Was there 30 minutes in and out.  Went back 2 days later after eating oysters at Acme, and had their oysters again.  Had a better flavor than acme and the bread was awesome.Our waiter Jonathan Cupid made our experience of New Orleans perfect. Regardless of the rainy weather outside Jonathan was a ray of sunshine.  He shared his wonderful voice with us as well as his Southern gentlemen hospitality by making recommendations for our stay. 
Thank you for a great experience!
A must go to kinda place!For my first meal in New Orleans this was absolutely awesome! My tastebuds died and went to food heaven. I tried the Fish & Shrimp combo with red beans and rice, creole coleslaw and for desert Carmel Bread pudding. In a word, Aweosome !  Great service from Jessie & MIke.After checking out the long line at Ruby Slipper we were happy to find Creole.  Great regular breakfast plus creole favorites.  I'll pass on the crawdad cakes next time but my brother's grillade was great.
Very good and quick service.This place is great! The po boys here are delish, the drinks even better!!!! The service is fantastic, our server was so cute and fun, she just had that vibe of a person you want to get a drink with and discuss... Well, anything it is fairly new and not yet established, but I have no doubt we will be coming here next trip. You can watch the parades if you come early and get a good table. If you go, ask for Dee and she will set you up right! This will be a stop we will make out next time in!!!This place is 6 star review for me, we went on all girls trip for Mardi Gras and it was amazing, there so many great restaurants and bars that you just can choose. We happen to come across Creole House on one of our nights and it had the best Oysters and Seafood you can imagine.  I was in Seafood heaven.Loved the crab cakes (suggest to put sauce on the side), the Étouffée was wonderful, and my server April was AWESOME!  Went in to eat before heading out to the airport at 11:30 a.m. and was seated and eating this awesome food by 11:42!Keep walking, there are better restaurants than this in every direction. Service was good or I would give it 2 stars. Preparation was poor, shrimp were over-cooked. Nobody at our table were impressed by anything. This is NOLA, and this was below average at best.One of my favorite places I ate at in New Orleans. Had lunch and breakfast here. Bloody Mary's were amazing. Had shrimp and crab omelette with Gouda cheese.. And cheese grits. Holy smokes. Service was awesome. The location is right on canal street as you enter the bourbon St area.This place was great. The chicken gumbo was delish! Crab fingers were divine!! The crab cakes were ok... too much bell pepper/ green onion but went well with the gumbo! Pro boy shrimp salad was tasty! The oysters were what you would expect. I would definitely visit this place again!Overrated! There are so many great or just average places to eat in the city don't waste your time here. The char grill oysters were pretty good but an $80.00 lunch needs to be better than this. We ordered 2 small appetizers, a sandwich and 2 drinks and it was $80.00.Wait for one hour for food at lunch time around 12 pm. There is not much people in restaurant. No idea what is the kitchen doing. Worst experience ever! 
We finally got the food after one hour. One comment, not worth the price and wait. The redfish is dry like frozened for a long time. The rib eye is over cooked. We got a new order of ribeye and it comes out with not much flavor. Not sure if it is because of returned dish.