Arguably the best red beans and rice in town. Sausage and corn bread were fantastic too.  Its hard to go here and not get the Black Barts Jambalaya but the beans are incredible.We got the special pizza of the day (Bleu cheese, bechemel, bacon) and it was awesome.  The pan fried mac n cheese (made with munster and parm) was fantastic.  My friend loved her greens and cheriz sausage.  Friendly staff and good service.Sometimes it is good.  Sometimes it isn't.  Inconsistent.  
I have had sausage plates a couple times and it was hit or miss.  I have had pizza a couple times and it was also hit or miss.  When it is is a hit it is really good.  When it is a miss it isn't bad but just a disappointment.
I do recommend staying away from the Duck Brie pizza.  It was expensive and pretty small.  Average taste.  The name was the best part.  
I'll probably go back in a few months because I live near by but I will only be going back out of laziness.  It is not bad but nothing to get excited about.  
Not many places to go with sausagey menus though so sometimes it can hit th spot if that is what you are craving.Twice I've been for the weekend brunch at Crescent Pie.  I go because I miss Huevos, and I hope to find some of the same recipes at CP.  The food is good, A-ok, but I wouldn't write home to mama about it.  They have a typical NOLA brunch menu, standard eggs and bacon, french toast, shrimp and grits, etc.  The french toast made with a seasonal fruit topping starts out with great presentation, but as you wear on, you find the whipped cream just becomes a melted mess all over your plate.  The standard fare eggs and bacon lack any flair of the delicious hash browns that Huevos used to serve.  The grits are probably one of their better choices...creamy without being way too thick.   The ambiance is really nice.  They have about 10-12 4-tops and a few seats at the bar.  The patio seating can be enjoyable when the weather is not too hot.  
As for the dinner menu, the panzanella salad is AMAZING!  I'm not a salad person at all, but I devoured it in seconds.  Also, the BAD BART Jambalaya is very good, though quite spicy, so be careful.  The mac n cheese, some claim to be the best in the city, but only if you like "adult" mac-n-cheese....this is definitely not your grandma's cooking.  It's not my favorite, but if you like to have peas and other vegetables swimming in your mac, more power to you.The Lambic float was the perfect amount of icecream to to beer ratio. Perfect buzz too!Mac n Chz was crazy good and you gotta get the parm chips!I went with a group of girls and we ordered a bunch of stuff and tried a little of everything. The duck and brie pizza is brilliant. The cheese and sausage plate was delicious. The black jambalaya was sooooo good. Someone ordered the turkey and chicken muffaletta, but I didn't try it. Looked good and she really liked it. The best part: MAC & CHEESE. Best in town. We got to meet the chef/ owner, Bart. Super nice guy!  Their mac....omg.Bad Bart's Jambalaya is over the top awesome! Selection of sausages is also pretty amazing. However, the brisket left a lot to be desired. Everything aside, it's worth making the trip for the raspberry beer float.We stopped here when looking for a place to have lunch away from the CBD & French Quarter that had a place to park and no wait.  It was a good find overall.
Their menu is a bit schizophrenic.  I don't usually couple sausage and pizza in my mind.  But really, don't worry about that, because you want to stay away from the pizzas anyway.  They're not terrible but they don't stand out in any way and you'll find them way overpriced as a result.  The kids ate all their pizza and had no complaints but my palate is pickier and I wouldn't have ordered it again :)
However, there are some gems here.  The biggest of which is the OMGWOW pan-fried mac and cheese.  I ordered mine with a creole sausage (I forgot the name of it already) and sauteed greens.  It looked like a small portion when it came but was actually extremely filling.  The mac & cheese is rich and delicious, darn near perfect actually.  The greens could have used a little bacon in that sautee but were still good.  The sausage was also very good, but it's a very strong flavor that I would find more suited to cutting up and putting in a gumbo, jambalaya etc. rather than eating it "straight".  
My husband ordered the sausage sampler plate and one of the perks of our marriage is I sample whatever he's ordered (muhahaha).  The biggest winner was the boudin.  I can't claim to be a boudin expert but this one was, to me, absolutely delicious.  The bratwurst was good as well.   I've pretty much forgotten everything else because the boudin just really stood out.  My hubby was very kind and swapped with me so I was able to eat half his boudin with my mac & cheese and give him the creole sausage.  
We tortured our kids by making them try the pickled okra that came on his plate.  Do people like this?  We didn't.  But honestly it tasted about like I expected pickled okra to taste.
I noticed they had a 4 pack of Barritt's ginger beer sitting all alone in a cooler in the dining room.  It took a herculean effort for me not to order one, esp. as I was disappointed by another restaurant in town ditching Barritt's in favor of an inferior brand.  CPSC -- did you steal their Barritt's?  Shame!
Service was just fine, we didn't have much of a wait either to order or for the food to arrive.  The ambience was bright and airy.  No complaints.
I'd go back and definitely order a boudin and that mac & cheese again.Crescent Pie and Sausage Company served up a tasty meal at a very reasonable price. 
I discovered this place after watching the web series Padma's Picks leading up to the premiere of Top Chef: New Orleans. Padma, the host of the show, tastes food made by ten local chefs, one of them being executive chef and co-owner Bart Bell. The chefs compete for a spot on Top Chef, and although Bell didn't win his round, I thought the food he made sounded delicious and I wanted to give the restaurant a shot.
It's located on Banks Street in Mid-City, not far from my house. The restaurant is on the smaller side, but very laid back and comfortable. There is a bar with several local drafts on tap and they also offer specialty cocktails. 
My fiancé and I were immediately greeted and sat at a small table for two by the window. Our server was friendly and knowledgable. She recommended the special for that evening, a sautéed catfish fillet served over a cassoulet of white beans and topped with crawfish étouffée and fried okra. My fiancé and I were starving and wanted to try a little bit of everything. We decided on the sausage link sampler and pan fried Mac n cheese for starters, and went with the special and the brisket sandwich for our entrees. 
The food was outstanding. The sausage link was a home made Chaurice, served with house made pickles and a creole mustard. It had a bit of a kick and tasted great with the pickles and mustard. The pan fried mac n cheese, made with Muenster and Parmesan, was gooey and rich. The portion was quite large for an appetizer, and we ending up taking some of it home to savor later. 
It took a little while for our entrees to come out, but it was worth the wait. The catfish special had great flavor. The fish was cooked perfectly and had a chili glaze on top, which lended a little bit of heat to the dish. The étouffée was as traditional as it gets, and the crispy fried okra added texture to the plate. The portion was huge, and for $16 I thought worth every penny. Our brisket sandwich was by far both of our favorite plate of the evening. The brisket was very tender and the barbecue sauce served with it was unlike anything I've ever had! It had a delicious smokey and sweet flavor. Finger lickin' good stuff ya'll! 
We were so stuffed from dinner, we decided to get desert to go. The restaurant offers a desert menu with lots of pies (go figure!) and other options like chocolate devil's food cake and homemade ice cream. You can also buy whole pies which would be perfect for a family gathering or holiday celebration. Neither of us could decide on one to share, so we decided on one pie each. My fiancée opted for the bourbon pecan pie and I ordered the key lime pie with toasted coconut and coconut sherbet. Both were very sweet. Neither of us could eat the whole slice entirely but we were very happy with the taste. The key lime pie was made with a graham cracker crust which I thought was too crumbly, but the flavor was delicious. The coconut sherbet was light and went well with the tartness of the key lime. 
Over all, the experience at Crescent Pie and Sausage Company was enjoyable. We had great service from a friendly staff, enjoyed delicious food and didn't break the bank doing it. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a place with a laid back vibe, wide menu selection and delicious food.No stars because we didn't get to eat. Traveled 30 minutes to get there based on the information available on their web site. No warning that they have summer hours and closed on Mondays, just a sign taped to the door when you get there. They still show the Monday special of red beans and rice on the web site. While I can't comment on the food I can comment on the professionalism. Update your website!, and clear out your voice mail because I couldn't leave a message. You know you are in a tourist town and rely on tourism to keep your business going. Sorry I missed out on eating here but I will not make the effort again when we come back to the area.Fantastic casual spot in an out-of-the way area.
Really great service from beginning to end.  Bad Bart's Black Jambalaya - definitely good.  A little dryer/thicker than some, and the black eyed peas add a twist, but I'd have it again.  The "Mixed Grill" sausage plate was excellent, and we had a great salad and side veggies (grilled) to cut the meat a bit.  Overall really good food, definitely want to go back soon.
Ambiance was great, and they've got an outdoor patio when the weather warms up.  Good beer selection too.
Great joint overall, so glad we found this place.  Looking forward to going back and trying some of their great sounding pizzas.We've since been back to this place and can now confirm that the pizzas are just as good as they sound.  And of course, the sausage and beer continues to be excellent.  Highly recommend!It is great to have another unique lunch option in Mid City! The service here was very good, and the atmosphere is cozy, clean and chic. Parking can be somewhat sketchy, as the side streets are super narrow and Jesuit H.S. is right across the way.
As for the food, I was thrilled with the meat pies and veggie pies. I would definitely order up a big platter of those for a party. The mac and cheese was kind of bland, but the sausage plate was phenomenal, and the onion rings are thick and delicious. The table next to us was oohing and ahhing over their pizza, so those must be pretty tasty also.
Good comfort food for a rainy afternoon or a picnic in City Park!Handmade sausage!!!! Need I say more?? Get the mixed grill platter so you can sample a few. We also had 2 really great waitresses. We'll definitely be going back.This place has a great authentic vibe with friendly staff.  I'd probably go back just for that, but it helps that the food is amazing.  They make all of their sausages fresh and in house.  I've had their mediteranean pizza, which was delicious and light, but at  the same time didn't hold back on the ingredients, with enough olives and artichoke quarters.  The seafood and sausage gumbo was great too.Quite frankly, I'm damn near offended by the surprising number of good reviews.  My girlfriend and I used to go to this place regularly because we loved it.  The food was high quality and delicious.  But in 2013, the decline both in food quality and service was pretty severe and consistent the last few times we'd gone there. 
On our last visit, the manager saw (unprovoked by me) that the sausage appetizer on my plate was raw on the inside; she made a disgusted face and apologized that it was so badly undercooked.  For an entrée, I ordered the Redneck Brisket, which I've eaten every time I'd gone in there over the past year.  But this was the THIRD time in a row that it was kind of dry, and the sauce was not as phenomenal as it used to be.  The waiter brought the wrong order to my girlfriend and never returned to the table.  He started folding towels and seemed to have forgotten that he had customers.  The owner replaced the order after a VERY LONG time, but guess what!  It was nasty and inedible anyway.
I guess it's the budding hipster population from other parts of the country who've been giving Crescent Pie and Sausage good reviews because they don't know anything about good food.  But it's also dopey hipsters that are killing this place's business.  Please Crescent Pie and Sausage, stop hiring stupid hipster kids who aren't taking their training seriously and are consequently treating your customers poorly.  A well-trained staff will improve the quality of your food and your service.  I say this because I desperately want to come back.  It'll be even harder getting my girlfriend to come back.  But, Crescent Pie and Sausage, if you try, I promise I will try too.by most accounts, this place is great. i'd come once for their sunday breakfast jambalaya; it was one of the best breakfasts i've had in town. tonight, our mac n cheese, (regular) jambalaya, sausage smorgasbord, and brisket sandwich were all on point, if hovering around 25% overpriced in the manner of most nola eateries. but the portions, at least, veered towards generous. all in all, it was a lovely meal. then the check came. 
my date and i had each drank two glasses--not pints--of LA-31 pale. they were $5/each. in other words, $10/pint?! this is midcity, for crissakes, not the goddamned roosevelt hotel! what a rip!Ate here for the first time recently, and really enjoyed my lunch. I got the daily soup (butternut squash, I think) and the CHAURICE with Tomato Pepper Ragout. Really enjoyed the soup, although it needed a little salt. The Chaurice was good, as was the Ragout, but the veggies were a bit boring (steamed squash and Zucchini). Overall, I would definitely go back.This place can do no wrong, for those of you who gave it bad reviews... It's your own fault! Go in at lunch. If you get the Mac and cheese only take a few bites an save the rest for later because you will need room for their awesome brisket sandwich. Salads are amazing. Service is great.I've tried this place over and over. The first time we went, I was not impressed. I thought the food could use a little more spice. Well, that must've been the consensus because every time I've gone since then the food has been spot on. They use local, seasonal ingredients, so the menu is always evolving. The bartender comes up with some creative cocktails that always suit the weather and are very tasty. Not to mention that the owners are very nice and personable. If you've been holding out, wondering how this place is, I suggest you go. The portions are huge (enough to split with someone if you're not starving) and the food is a nice twist on comfort food. If you aren't the in mood for something meaty and heavy, they have really awesome panzanella.Highly recommend the pies and the jambalya. Found this restaurant on Yelp while traveling. Excellent!been here a few times and each time, i've never been disappointed. the service is great. food is even better. the beers on tap are excellent also. don't know too many other places that has brooklyn lager on tap. i love it. 
everything i've had is excellent. homemade potato chips(try it with the white truffle oil and parmesan. mmm.), mac and cheese (as good as everyone on yelp is raving about), pizzas and of course their sausages. 
their sausages are definitely the reason to come to this place. two words: di-vine! all joking aside, their sausages should seriously be their own category in the food pyramid. next to bacon and chocolate, you've got everything you need for a great foodie life. 
the only thing i don't recommend is the hot sausage po boy. it's good but i've had better at other places. and don't think a 6 in is worth $20. despite my best efforts, i always end up getting their creole chaurice which comes with sautéed greens (it's been collard greens every time) and and their famous mac n cheese. it's the best thing on their menu since you get to try their sausage and their awesome sides. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. and the fact that they're in mid-city. we need more places like this! 
the only reason i'm giving them 4 stars and not 5 is because i do think their prices are a little high. they could easily be $5 cheaper and still make a profit. the portions are good but small for that price. but i do believe in quality over quantity so i still gotta give them a very solid 4 stars.-1 star because they wouldn't sell my 83 year old mother a NOLA tasting glass, something they could have easily overcharged for and repurchased (or gotten for free) from their supplier. Poor decision by their manager tonight. #1 rule is EVERYTHING is for sale except the full ingredients/recipe list. 
Also service out of the kitchen was a bit slow, but to be fair, we asked for some changes to our order after we placed it and they graciously accommodated us. No idea if that created a longer wait, and this is a small place, only 4-5 tables when we were there.
With that ugliness out of the way, why haven't you been here yet? Made in house sausage and mozzarella, pickled veggies and smoked ham made in house, local produce like kale and other ingredients, home made pot pies, I could go on.
We had several different types of sausages, all were excellent, the knockwurst was very dry. Toulouse and Smokies were the faves. 
Pan fried mozzarella and parmesan mac and cheese, holy mother of comfort food! A HAIR salty for me, but gosh was it good. Probably the best I have had.
Kale as a side, again, some of the best sautéed greens I have ever had. Tremendous flavor, and strong pork notes.
Pizza was reported as meh, needed seasoning. Too bad I don't live here, I would be back to try the pot pies. And the Braunschweiger. Thank you for one of the best meals we had this weekend!I dig this place. Great neighborhood joint. Go for the pizza but get the brisket sandwich. They also put a nice spin on Mac and Cheese.It was delicious. The timing to get our food took a long while, but they offered us complementary beignets. The boudin was not very good, but everything else was great! Highly recommended! Pet friendly patio :)The crawfish on Friday is some of the best available in the city. It's really that good.
Here are some other things not to miss:
- Duck and brie pizza
- Any of the sausages (except for the lamb, which missed the mark for me)
- Parmesan and truffle oil chips
Oh, and the real reason for this review. THE PICKLES ARE INCREDIBLE. They're made in house, and words do not adequately describe how great they are. If it were socially acceptable I would just sit down for happy hour with a few $2 drafts and just eat the pickles.Pros: DELICIOUS sausages and cheeses, fun atmosphere, yummy weekend brunch menu.
Cons: Very slow service, waitstaff is nice enough but could stand to be more attentive, and the pizza crust is blah.If you only read one line read this... Worth finding this place, real good food.
Just stumbled across this by accident August 2, 2011.  Yelp reviews were good so we stopped in. 
Started with the Bad Bart's Black Jambalaya.  That was a real treat.  A different twist on jambalaya, but really good.  
For the main course my wife ordered the Beer-Brined and Smoked Pork Shoulder Sandwich.  Great flavor combination, but a tad too much blue cheese for my taste.
I had the Cheese and Sausage Plate.  The cheeses were from the local St. James Cheese Company and were fantastic.  I never got the name of the cheeses quite right, so I won't even try to spell them.  
The sausages were fabulous.  I had a French Garlic and a Poblano Pork sauge.  Both were really great.
We will definitely go back, I need to try the mac and cheese.Neat place populated by a lot of mid-20 to 30 year olds (also known as the hipster and/or yuppy crowd). The appetizer items were the better food choices, while the meals lack in quality and sufficient food for the price paid. The duck and brie pizza was bland containing many mushrooms and 1-2 small pieces of meat per slice. 
The sausage platters contained many overly burnt sausages, but the applewood one did taste good (with the burnt parts removed). Bear in mind, although the sausages are supposed to be smoked, the sausages served were solidly burnt on one side. We received a discount for the issue, but maybe the sandwiches would have proven to be a better dining selection?
Back to the appetizers: the jambalaya is great along with the pancetta mac-and-cheese. Mixing them together is like heaven on earth. 
Overall, the design of the restaurant is neat, but the wait time for food and quantity/quality needs to be improved.There is not a great deal on the menu here for the non-meat eater...but that's kind of obvious with the name. However, their mac n cheese was AMAZING. Seriously, I think it was cooked in a mini cast iron skillet because it had delicious crispy cheesy bits that Anita M & I had to divy up exactly.  So so good. I think it was the muenster.
We also split a shrimp chop salad which was also really good. And a Marguerita pizza which was OK. I think it was just a little under-done because Lindsay A loves their pizza and raves about the crisp cracker crust...which we didn't get. So maybe next time.
Finally, we had the super chocolate dessert...the name was cute, but I can't remember it. It was again delicious. My only problem with the dessert menu is that it is printed in red ink on cream paper; in a comfotably lit room that's tough on the old peepers.
I had a glass of their sangria which was good...but maybe too much cinnamon for me. Will defintely be back.Uhhh, do I want the Cocktail Special (Early Strawberry Gin Fizz)? Well, I don't know. Hmmm. Should I? I'll be fine with just water... Stupid me! Why is this even something I contemplated? Hell yes I want that special! Wasn't very strong for $8, but it sure was tasty! 
I first saw Crescent Pie & Sausage Co. while eating at Huevos and later Lazaro's and wanted to try it out. After reading a few Yelp reviews about the mac n' cheese, I made visiting a priority. 
I arrived just shortly after the place opened for dinner (5:30pm for din) and was something like the second or third party in the place, so service was quick. I, of course, ordered the pan fried mac n' cheese and the live-in got the Cuban Calzone. 
From reading reviews I was expecting a giant bowl of mac n' cheese, so when this little o'l bowl was placed in front of me, I was confused. No left overs for tomorrow's lunch for me, but I did get full from eating the entire plate! There is definitely something different about the "pan fried mac n' cheese" though. Not traditional mac n' cheese by any means, but also not the best mac n' cheese in town either. It tasted gourmet and healthy, so maybe my problem is that I like my mac n' cheese dripping with calories. It was good, but not the comfort food I was looking forward to after a stressful day. Again, good, just not the best.
The Cuban Calzone, on the other hand, WAS huge! Described as "surprisingly sweet" and "filling," I was jealous that my boyfriend got to take half the calzone home for lunch tomorrow, while I'm stuck making a sandwich. 
I'd love to come back for dinner sometime when the weather is nice because the outdoor seating looks just charming!  Also, that was just my first visit and I definitely still feel more potential for this place. Oh yeah, and I love Mid City and Banks St. so you got me with the location alone!THE best mac and cheese in the city! And the pizzas are outstanding. I'm not a fan of sausage so I haven't tried it. And for chocolate lovers, they have this to die for dessert. I don't know the name but it's chocolate mousse with a chocolate ganache shell.I had visited here before for lunch and decided to return to try their Sunday brunch. It was great! I had the breakfast sandwich while my boyfriend had the breakfast jambalaya. Both dishes were great  - service was excellent as usual.Great neighborhood joint.   Been several times... every menu item I have tried was fresh and delish.  The BLT pizza is a must!OHMYGOSH!!!! soooo good!! 
So my honey & I got a hankering for jambalaya (we were watching the food channel & they were making a big ole pot of it - called up Tom Fitz and asked him for a recommendation & he suggested Crescent Pie & Sausage)
So we ran right over & ordered the larger version of that (cuz they have small plates too) it was real tasty w/ pieces of meat & sausage in it w/ a topping of fresh herbs (like thyme - not too much) very tasty!!
Then my honey ordered the mixed grill plate & I ordered the Panzanella -- Grilled Asparagus, Squash and Ciabatta with Mixed Greens and Caper Vinaigrette - they don't even mention the roasted garlic bulbs - can I just say YES! YES!!! YYYEEEEESSSS!!!!!  SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO freakin' good!!!
I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir - but DEFINITELY should have saved room for DESERT cuz they make FRESH PIE'S!!! are you KIDDING ME???!!! NO, for real!!! they had 4 choices & they all sounded DELICIOUS!!! next time - straight up desert!!!
& check out their Lunch specials - looks good - can't wait to try those out!!
Wait staff very friendly & helpful - I love the neighborhood restaurants!!Love love love the brunch here and all the food !! The staff is great and friendly and the drinks are A-1 for but who can beat a nice Friday or Saturday or Sunday brunch !! YummoReally disappointed with service. Snubbed because we were only purchasing cocktails. We are still customers!Went back again the next week.  Got a great pizza and the Crescent salad too.Upon further consideration, and after a second visit, I've decided that Crescent Pie and Sausage Co. absolutely deserves the (oh-so-hard-to-get-nowadays-at least) fifth star. Not only because they have THE BEST MAC AND CHEESE ON THE PLANET, but because they're a cute, hip, trendy-ish, new restaurant, they're in Mid-City (on Banks St., in an up-and-coming, already cool location across from Banks St. Bar and Lazaro's), and they actually have vegetarian items on the menu. Unlike some other new, hip, trendy-ish restaurants I know. *cough* Sylvain *cough* Ste. Marie *cough*  But we won't name names. 
That's all. I had another wonderful business "meeting" here today, and it was so good I felt compelled to update my review. 
Five Stars FTW! Way to go, CPSC. You rock, and I heart you.Came here for lunch and I must say it was a bit underwhelming. I first came across crescent pie co at the summer solstice festival and they had a stand passing out amazing samples of their sausage which I must say truly is delicious. However the restaurant was a different matter. 
Service. Waitress was kind and friendly but did not write anything down and ended up needing to come back and ask our orders again. Speed of service was good. Everyone was polite. 
Ambience. The entire neighborhood feels a bit run down so it was already off putting.  The restaurant was a bit shabby. The design was average that of painted wood. One story with a bar. 
Food. This is the disappointing part. I saw reviews about their awesome jambalaya but it came out to be average and on the dry side. The sausage mixed platter was good but no where near as great as the sausage at the festival. There was a big assortment of choices on the platter and it was quite filling. 
All in all. I recommend getting sausage because yes it's their specialty but nothing seems to have stood out. Maybe others will have better luck.This review is for the weekend brunch, not the dinner menu.
When the owners of Crescent Pie and Sausage Co. decided to close Huevos to make more room for there sausage operation, our neighborhood faced the possibility of loosing one of our few good breakfast places.  I would no longer be able to roll out of bed, walk 2 blocks and get a plate of those awesome hash browns with a buttermilk drop on the side.  Sure, Blue Dot is still around the corner, but for a more "eggs and toast" kind of breakfast, Ruby Slipper and Eco Cafe are the only other options.  They're both okay, but Ruby Slipper is always way too crowded and Eco Cafe is a little too pretentious for the area it is in, but those are reviews for another day.
Not to fear Mid Citizens, all would be made right.  Soon after Huevos closed, Crescent Pie announced that they would open for Saturday and Sunday brunch with the old Huevos menu.  This probably still works well for a lot of people.  I know I never have time to do breakfast during the week.  For the most part, the menu is the same.  The Blue Jay Special is still there as are those awesome hash browns.  Sadly, though, the buttermilk drops and other donuts are no longer available.  However, there are a few new options.
I had the angel food French toast with satsuma glaze and chantilly cream.  I was skeptical, but the angel food cake sliced worked so well as French toast, I only wish it was sliced a little bit thinner so I could have more of the crispy goodness on the outside.  The fresh satsuma glaze was also quite tasty, although it was pretty sticky and was a little difficult to eat at times.  My girl had eggs with hash browns and fried ham.  The hash browns are the same delicious potato chunks that Huevos used to serve. The ham was outstanding and had sweetness to it like it was glazed over with fresh honey in the oven.
If you were a Huevos fan, they are still alive and well on the weekends next door at Crescent Pie and Sausage.  I'll take away one star because it is a little pricey for breakfast, but the quality of the food and service keep it a solid 4 star breakfast spot.I didn't think it was outstanding but I couldn't just give it a three-star. 
I know. I know. I sound so negative but it was actually pretty good despite my lackluster approach. My review is based on three different dishes. I'll walk you through them:
1. Italian sausage pizza. Definitely a high quality product. Didn't care much for olives. The mushrooms are good -- what you can say, mushrooms never wow me even though I love them. Tomato sauce -- wasn't heavy or acidic, which I prefer. And the sausage, supposedly they prepare their own sausage and I wish they had more. Even though the pizza carried a lot of quality, the toppings felt...sparse. But overall a good pizza. [P.s. I love CiCi's buffet pizza. Although I prefer their pizza b/c of price, Crescent Pie is worth the quality @ $15.]
2. Chicken Turkey muffaletta. White chicken meat -- moist. Turkey -- moist. The rest of the olives and such was not heavy and overly pickled/salted, which is nice. The bread (homemade) is pretty awesome. It was slightly doughy inside and crunchy on the outside. Definitely a nice touch.
3. Raspberry Beer Ice Cream float -- the beer is very sweet so if you have a sweet tooth, it's a good thing. The ice cream is creamy and soft. Solid overall. Note, $6 a pop.
Overall, it has a quaint seating area. Nice casual decor. If you have a large party of 8 or more, it may be difficult to find a seat if it is busy. Definitely a nice place to take a date or friends. Enjoy and be satisfied.In 2007, longtime friends Bart Bell and Jeff Baron decided to open their own restaurant in New Orleans. According to their web page, Bart grew up in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana in the heart of Acadiana, where he developed a passion for cooking authentic Cajun food, including making sausage. For the past 16 years, he worked his way east from Acadiana cooking in kitchens from Baton Rouge to New Orleans, most recently as sous chef at New Orleans' Cuvee. Jeff is a pizza man having last worked at his pizzeria, The Dough Bowl, next to Tulane University. Bart and Jeff came up with a unique restaurant concept - combining their talents and pairing sausage with pizza and craft beer. Crescent Pie & Sausage Company opened at 4400 Banks Street in Mid-City, on the corner of Banks and S. Alexander Streets, in 2008. I've been twice in the past few weeks and had terrific meals both times.
The menu offers a selection of salads and appetizers, pizzas, sandwiches, sides, and desserts. There are five pizzas on the menu. The dough is thin, the toppings make use of local ingredients and house-made sausages, and the pies are cooked to crispy perfection. Selections include a BLT (bacon, spinach pesto, roasted tomatoes and cheddar), a Margherita (tomato, mozzarella and basil), a Hot Coppa (salami, arugula, peppadews and bleu cheese), a Chicken Marsala (mushrooms, ricotta and chicken) and the Mediterranean pie (house-made lamb sausage, red pepper sauce, olives, artichoke hearts, goat cheese crema with fresh mint, and eggplant).
The Mediterranean and the Hot Coppa are standouts. The goat cheese and mint crema is drizzled on the Mediterranean pies right after they come out of the oven and adds a burst of flavor. The Hot Coppa (salami) combines the perfect blend of salt, spice, crunch, and creaminess resulting in a flavor fest.
The sausages at Crescent Pie are made in-house, and change regularly. When I last ate there, the Mixed Grill plate included little smokies topped with a sweet barbeque sauce, chicken sausage with Dijon mustard, and lamb sausage with goat cheese crema for dipping. 
The Redneck Brisket sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've had in New Orleans. The brisket is tender and juicy. It is topped with shaved red onion, poblano, red pepper aioli & BBQ sauce. The sandwich is served with house-made potato chips topped with chopped, fresh dill. Pure deliciousness!
The prices at Crescent Pie are more than reasonable. The 14-inch pizzas range in price from $12 to $14; sandwiches $8 to $10; and, sausage plates $10 - $15.
Crescent Pie has an eclectic beer and wine list. The dining room is bright, relaxed and comfortable. There are several tables outside on the deck facing Banks Street that provide a lovely setting on cool New Orleans evenings. I am looking forward to my next meal there!
(Pictures available on "Native Palate.")Good food, but $12 for a sandwich in suburban New Orleans??  Ummm.The food is very good. We got the sausage with mac&cheese with kale. The mac&cheese had a very crispy crust and the kale was cooked and seasoned to perfection.I'm a meat-fan. Good, well-made meats. Crescent Pie & Sausage was a blessing in my mouth. I had a single link to get started, the Chaurice, for $4. It came with a nice dollop of Dijon mustard. De-omg-licious. 
Next, I was served the BLT Pizza. It was ~$13, with bacon, cheddar, pesto... yum. A bit rich with the cheddar, but soo soo worth it.  Washed it down with a local NOLA beer on tap -- which were kind of small. Not quite pints... maybe 12 oz glasses?
There were no prices on the beer menu, so beware of a potential $6 or $12 selection. Looked like they had a full bar. Clean bathrooms. 
I will eat here again, and probably just eat that damn sausage. Jesus. That stuff was religious.I was excited to finally visit Crescent Pie & Sausage Co. I had heard excellent things about their macaroni & cheese.
The location is not very big. I did not really like how all the small tables were all jammed so close together in one corner. Luckily though, since they were all filled up we were seated at a large table in the opposite corner by ourselves.
We split a Mediterranean Pizza, Brisket Sandwich and the Macaroni & Cheese. I found the Macaroni & Cheese to be the best. It was different than traditional Macaroni & Cheese. It had Muenster and Parmesan Cheese with Fusilli noodles and Italian herbs and seasonings. I highly recommend it!Crescent Pie was recommended to us by two friends.  We always look for GOOD food both for lunch and dinner.  We went here for lunch today and were not disappointed.  I had the Mid City Slammer pizza.  I am a picky pizza person and this really hit the spot.  The chicken andouille sausage and the grilled chicken were perfectly complemented with the red sauce and cheese.  Can't wait for another one of those pizzas now!  My partner had the pie of the day which was Shepherd's Pie.  It too was deliciously tasty - fresh and with good flavor.  Will come back for dinner, and of course, lunch another day.Fabulous food (particularly the sausage and Mac and cheese), solid service and a lovely environment. 
Of particular quality is the Sunday Brunch.The sandwiches, Jambalaya, and home-made chips were all very good.  It pains me to give this place no more than 2 stars, because I really want to like it.  
It was a mildly crowded Saturday afternoon around 1:30 pm- no big festivals going on, just a spring weekend.  Upon arrival, the two of us were ignored for a while.  After getting seated, it took 20 minutes for the waitress acknowledge us, so we ordered everything then.  After we ordered, there was another HOUR and 45 minute wait.  We noticed the rest of the patrons grumbling over the same issue- I think half the people in there actually died at the table (rigor mortis, cobwebs and all.)  The entire wait staff was apparently unfazed by any of this, demonstrating zero sense of urgency and offering no apologies for the wait.  They were just waltzing around like everything was fine.  We were just about to get up and leave when the food came- sandwiches first, then apps about 10 minutes later, with no apologies for the huge delay nor the fact that the apps came after the entrees.  We scarfed a lot of it down quickly, since we'd practically spent the day there.
Crescent Pie has a great concept, above average menu options, lovely building with indoor and outdoor seating, but the miserable wait staff has me doubting I'll give it another shot.  This town has way too many great places to eat to put up with BS like this.This is going to be a rather quick review, but I just had to jump on write it anyway.
My wife and I love this place.  We have been several times since moving to mid-city, and this is definitely one of our neighborhoods best restaurants.  They make their own sausages and have daily specials that are always unique and good.
The food is fresh and prepared well, the service is good, the prices are reasonable, and the local beer selection is pretty stellar as well.Was at Banks Street Bar and a friend went across the street to grab some gourmet pizza rather than the bar pizza served at Mid City Pizza. The pizza was delish. It was a bbq pizza with pulled pork, roasted corn, cheese and fresh cilantro. Wow was this great. I could have eaten my friend's whole pizza. I will surely be back at this place.Three days after visiting CP&SC, I have virtually no memory of what I ate. Even after looking up the menu online before starting this review. I don't see this as a good thing.
Granted, I was with a date and had a good time (both good things), so maybe my attention was simply elsewhere. I remember enjoying whatever it was that I did eat, but nothing blew me away. 
What I do remember: It was completely dead when we arrived at 7:30 on a Thursday night, though a couple of stragglers did wander in during the evening. The service was very good -- attentive but not annoying. And the prices were fine. I also liked the drink that I had, which was something like a spiked Arnold Palmer, but I don't remember exactly what was in it.
I'd go back again if I were in the neighborhood, but won't be making a special trip.While I have no experience with their normal fare, and it might be spectacular, this place probably needs to be avoided for all things brunch and/or breakfast. 
The service was great, in general. Although our waiter apparently had no idea what eggs are. Ordering the Bluejay special, my wife asked if there were eggs and she was told no. Five minutes later she received a burrito that was almost all eggs, with a little bit of chorizo and cheese. My huevos rancheros looked good but my eggs, ordered over medium, came out more well done than well done, and my sausage was room temperature at best. We ended up with one BLT to go.
All of that said, the second waiter did say breakfast was on them, and brought my wife two small croissants with some spreads for the trouble. 
Edit: after being told it was on them, we received a bill. The manager stepped up and took care of it, but it appears that no one really knows what the hell is going on at this place. And that includes me.Came here for dinner and was not disappointed. Got a table for 8 without a wait at 6pm on a Saturday. They have happy hour 5-7pm everyday! Woohoo! $2 craft beer on draft was a great start to the night. Their Bad Bart's Black Jambalaya and Redneck Brisket sandwich was thebombdotcom!  Not your traditional jambalaya but it was so much better! 
I also took bites of other people's food and they were delicious too, notably the pot pie special, parmesan chips and Mid City Slammer pizza.
I was too full to try the off menu Lambic Framboise icecream float as seen on HeatSeekers on the Food Network.  Will have to come back to this place to try the icecream float next time I'm in NOLA.This place is pretty awesome, and during the season you'll find what is possibly the best crawfish boil in New Orleans every Friday night.  2-3 pounds of crawfish, potatoes, mushrooms, carrots, asparagus, garlic, and lots of sausage come with the crawfish boil which isn't cheap at $18 but is done right.  On the spicy side but not overwhelming.  Also loved the duck and seafood pies wihch had great dough that was cooked perfectly and the filling had tons of flavor.  This is what empanadas, meat pies, pasties, and all the other variations out there should strive to be.  Pizzas are quite good although I still prefer Domenica for the most part and as for side items, the pan fried mac & cheese was unique and quite unexpectedly good with a melted cheese "crust" on the outside from the pan's heat.
The indoor space is a bit on the bland side so consider sitting outside in nice weather.  In terms of drinks, the beer list was great, there are a few wines, and a limited bar but some nicely crafted cocktails.  It's not a fancy place, but they care about the food and do a great job on just about everything.  Definitely worth seeking out in Mid-City.The gem of Banks street.  Crescent P&S will never dissapoint.  Sausages made onsite are all spectacular and it's impossible to go wrong on the menu.  You pay for quality but it still won't break the bank.Delicious! My new husband and I ordered a rosemary beef sausage and a jambalaya for appetizer. The sausage was outstanding; jambalaya, meh.. He ordered the spicy sausage sandwich and I got the redneck brisket sandwich; both were delicious!!  Bread pudding infused with raspberries ( I think?) was also very tasty. The fruit-herb-infused drinks were also very good!! Will definitely recommend and try to return here again.I live nearby this place, but I'm not a fan. The place is casual and the food is moderately priced, but for what you get, it's not a good deal. The beers are a small pour for a full price, and one time I think I paid $5 for a little meat pie. The pizzas are fussy and overdone with too much experimentation. On top of that, the service has ranged from indifferent to even a little snooty.  
None of this to say I haven't ever enjoyed a meal here, but in the end, I plan to spend my dining dollars elsewhere.Get this place while you still can. They are closing soon and their new location is going to be more of a plate lunch. This place has a ton of character and their food is clearly made with love.Tasty, interesting menu...pizza pies, meat pies, sausages, fantastic jambalaya, fresh salads plus a charming, enthusastic chef/owner. Moderate to cheap,  loved the place and the food,Last night I went to Crescent Pie & Sausage Company for the first time--and I'm so glad I did! It's another great MC spot with good food, no BS, and good prices.  Nice little place with both a menu and an attitude that is comfortably between a nice semi-upscale restaurant with some technical elements and some plain home cooking.  This mix is really satisfying, comfortable, and enjoyable.  
I didn't have either their Pie or Sausage, but everything I did have was really good.  Shared a few dishes with the lady of the night, among them, the redneck brisket, the panzanella salad (I think that's what it was called), and pan fried mac and cheese.  
First- The brisket sandwich was absolutely awesome.  The brisket was tender and the bread was nice and contrasting, while the BBQ sauce was a nice sweet flavor, the smoky poblano and red pepper aioli went great with it.  Second- The panzanella salad was divine.  Everything in it were all my favorite things, among them, being sauteed whole cloves of garlic(YUM), tender artichokes, roasted peppers, and cibatta croutons.  The pan fried mac and cheese- omg.  So delicious with gruyere and whatever else was in there.  Don't even wanna know how many calories.
Service was awesome too, good beer menu even though I didn't really drink.  The blond waitress with the blue-green eyes is a cutie...smokin hot!It's open, but not the place on their website. Now it's just a pizza place. We were directed there for the red beans and rice Monday special. The gentleman was pleasant but told me that they just had pizzas, wasn't in a pizza mood, so thanked him and went to Mandina's.Located on Banks Street in Mid City (just a couple of blocks up from Jesuit High), you know Crescent Pie and Sausage is in the neighborhood as soon as you get out of the car. The smells from the grill hit your nose and draw you in like a siren's call.
I'm not going to go into any more details on the food at Crescent Pie and Sausage, though.  The service I received was so bad that talking about the food might convey the impression that it mitigates the way I was treated by the front-of-the-house staff.
I arrived at Crescent Pie and Sausage about 1:15pm.  They were pretty busy.  I usually try to make my way to the bar when I'm a single; no need to take up a 2-top, and usually bartenders make for good conversation.  Alas, the bar was full, so I stood, not sure if this was a wait-to-be-seated or a seat-yourself place.  Crescent Pie and Sausage isn't very big, so it could go either way.  There were two servers, one guy, one gal.  They both kept walking past me, without as much as a 'hello.' 
Now, I know places get busy, but when you've got this big fat guy standing in your doorway, he's pretty hard not to notice.  After the male server walked past me to check on the five-top on the patio, I figured maybe it's a seat-yourself place.
I sat at a 2-top for a few minutes, watching the activity around me, trying to catch the eye of one or the other of the servers.  I watched a guy come from out of the kitchen and bus the 4-top in front of me, I was wondering if I was invisible.  The gal server actually bumped my knee as she passed between my table and the one to my left.  She apologized politely, then proceeded to head to the bar, still not even noticing that I'm just sitting there.
As the clock on my phone went from 1:29pm to 1:34pm, I was answering e-mails and such, still trying to catch the eye of someone on the staff.  When the male server sat two people at the now-bussed 4-top and brought them menus, I asked him if he could bring me one as well.  He said, "did someone seat you or did you seat yourself?"  I replied that I waited at the door for a bit, then seated myself after he had passed by me on his way to the patio.  He brought me a menu and cleared the table.  When he came back to wipe the table off, I ordered a sandwich and an iced tea.
By this point, I think they realized I wasn't a very happy camper, because after my Crescent Pie and Sausage sandwich came out, someone came from the back to ask if I was doing OK.  I nodded and said I was allright.
I finished the meal, and the female server brought me the check.  I left $14 for a $11.50 tab, and one of my "mini-moo" @YatPundit cards.
I probably wouldn't have written this Crescent Pie and Sausage article had it not been for the tweet I noticed at the coffee shop a bit later which said:
"I had the *ahem* pleasure of serving @yatpundit at work today. I don't think he's ever been to a busy New Orleans restaurant."
OK, ya know, I realize that a $2.50 tip isn't all that much, but it was only a $11.50 tab. Still, it's 20% of the bill, and that's the conventional wisdom for a lunch tip.  Maybe this guy's a part-owner of the place or some such.  I hope so, because then I'd feel no remorse about calling this behavior out in such a public place.  Still, you don't treat people as poorly as Crescent Pie and Sausage did me, then insult them on Twitter after the meal.
It'll be a while before I give Crescent Pie and Sausage another shot.Highly recommend Brisket sandwich & pan fried mac n cheese..going back for crawfish pie..The restaurant is small but cozy; there is a full service bar with a rotating tap with a good variety of seasonal and local beers.  We were seated right away by a very friendly waiter who walked us through the menu before going off to fill drink orders.
They have a fixed menu and a rotating selection of pies; not like Australian meat pies but more like pot pies. That day it happened be the shepherd's pie which was quite good. I ended up getting the Deutsch plate which is probably one of the best deals on the menu, a house made sausage with house made sauerkraut and house made warm potato salad served with a little bit of creole mustard. 
If I sound like a broken record writing "house made" over and over again that's a good thing. Virtually everything on the menu is made in house. Pies, sausages, pickles and deserts. 
Deserts. Some of the best I've had in town. They're all meant to share as far as I can tell from the portion sizes. They are very generous with the food here.Great food and sausage great host and very friendly staffWhile I've been here several times, and find the food and service to be typically good, it fell flat today. 
I've tried specials including quiche, the blue Jay special (my typical favorite) and other dishes. 
Today, I tried their "ancho-lada" dish. I'm not sure if my expectations were not correct in reading the menu, or if it was just off in flavor, but definitely not what I was expecting. The spice was miniscule, it had no real flavor. The pork was only identifiable by texture and the mole sauce extremely strong and strange. I expected spicy hot and zesty flavorings. This dish didn't provide those. 
It's a great place to eat, but unless you like this sort of dish, I would suggest you avoid it and try something else. I'll be back, but will definitely be wary of trying things here without extensive questioning.Delicious.  I had the pan fried mac n cheese and the cuban calzone.  The cuban calzone was perfect in every way.  Love that they carry Sessions Lager too.  Only drawback, the place is really noisy, bad acoustics, and it took a good long while for our entrees.  I might call it in and carry it out next time, but I will be back, and SOON!I found the service very good.  The mac-n-cheese was great.  The bratwurst and cabbage was  only "ok."  My wife enjoyed her salad.  
The atmosphere is great.  
I will be back, but I don't know if I'll rush.I discovered this place about a week ago and I've been three time already. Do yourself a flavor and get the Mac and cheese you won't regret it. Also save room for desert worth every calorie.I always look forward to the freshly made dill potato chips. This last visit I chose the Cuban Calzone, instead of my usual Hot Sausage, which is always tasty. They make their own pickles, too! I always get a little extra on the side. Oh, don't for get to try the empanadas. The duck is always a good bet.I love the vibe of this place.  Very laid-back and friendly.
It has a real neighborhood feel-- obvious regulars sitting at the bar, Joe stopping in for a quick beer as he walks his dog... you know, things like that.  (I don't know if his name was Joe, that's just what I called him in the story in my head.)
The server was very patient with me.  When I go to a restaurant for the first time it takes me a RIDICULOUS amount of time to order anything.  I like to read the entire menu and I'm also one of those obnoxious people who won't order a drink until I know what I'm having to eat. She didn't make me feel rushed at all, which I really appreciated.
I settled on the deutsche plate and a NOLA beer, which they had a good selection of btw.  The bratwurst was fine, nothing to rave about. The potato salad was good and I really liked the pickled cabbage, a nice crisp alternative to sauerkraut.  
My husband ordered the BLT pizza, which got this response from me: "Who are you, and what the hell did you do with my husband?"  He is a marguerita guy all the way. I still can't figure out why he ordered it, but damn  it was delicious.  The spinach pesto and garlic aioli were fantastic.
I will definitely go back. They had some killer-sounding cocktails on the menu that I want to try.  
After reading Jessica R's review, I will also try the mac and cheese which will most likely bump my review up a star :)I was really underwhelmed by my experience here. For starters, the portions were incredibly small. The pizzas are appetizer sized at best, and I gave my companion most of my side dish, because her side "salad" was about three pieces of lettuce with no dressing or other toppings visible. It looked more like the lettuce you get to top a sandwich. My brisket sandwich had a good flavor, but the meat had not been trimmed at all and I ended up having to pull it off of the bread to remove the greasy fat. Yuck. To top it off, the service was so slow that the waitress offered to comp us desserts to make up for it. When the bill came, she had charged us for the desserts, which we wouldn't have even ordered had she not said they would be free! It had been such a long night by that point that we paid the expensive bill and left. Just so disappointing for a place I had heard a lot of great things about...I love this place! I'm only sorry I waited so long to try it. I got the pecan smoked turkey breast sandwich with home made parmigiana potato chips. I ate half and can't wait till lunch tomorrow so I can eat the other half. It had a lovely fig jam and was on the most delicious bread ever. My boyfriend had the sausage poboy with dill potato chips. He loved his too and ate every bite. I also loved the home made pickles on the side. Local beer and a lovely porch/deck to sit at. We will be back!!!This is place is a gem located in the heart of a sleepy New Orleans neighborhood.   We arrived in the middle of storm, so when we got there it was as if we had just arrived at home.  We were welcomed in by some of the friendliest people I've ever met.
We opened up with some pan fried mac n' cheese.  Sooo good, this can be a meal in itself.  We could not stop raving about how good this "small plate" was.  Can I try making this at home?  This is not your normal mac n' cheese.  Can I come back just for this?  Absolutely!
We also ordered the redneck brisket and the mixed grill (a daily selcetion of smoked suasages).  The brisket was a sandwich accompanied by homemade sweet pickles and potato chips.  I ordered the "dill" chips and boy they were a good match for a my sandwich.  The mixed grill came with boudin, Italian, lil' smokies.  Each came with their own accoutrements and these selections change daily.  Their lil' smokies served with BBQ sauce were the best in this selection.
There is also a good selection of local N.O. beers and housemade drinks.  The staff is friendly and very eager to help with dinner choices.  It was very clear that they work as a team as we were served by at least three different staff members.  
Lastly, there was a variety of homemade pies.  We decided on the key lime pie (even though we were stuffed, we went big).  More like a key lime cheesecake, it was awesome.  Like Joey Chestnut on the 4th of July, we found the will to finish that bad boy.For lunch, we decide to try out Crescent Pie and Sausage Co as we have yet to eat many of either of those foods, pies and sausages. 
I ordered a Black Bean Jambalaya as an appetizer. It came out fairly quickly, which was nice as I was pretty hungry at this point and didn't want to wait too long. It was nice, but nothing special. It was a decent size for an appetizer too. The main appeal about it was how quickly it came out after ordering. 
For my main course, I ordered a Hot Sausage Po-Boy. Now I consistently order hot sausage wherever I go as I am determined to find one that is actually hot. Today, I was let down..again. The hot sausage, as nice as it was, was simply not hot. I was expecting some kind of spiciness to it but it was just very mild. Also, the sausage was too big for the bun and didn't allow much else to fit in there. There were three slices of tomatoes, few pieces of lettuce and that's about it. I ended up removing everything but the sausage and ate it by itself. If the sausage itself was smaller, more dressing could have fit and could have made the po-boy that much better.
Overall, the combination of the appetizer and main course was very satisfying as the serving sizes were good but both the appetizer and main course weren't as flavorsome as I was hoping. 
Next visit, I think I'll opt for a different appetizer and definitely try one of their sausage platters, they looked great and very filling!I got to say Crescent city is amazing!  The food here is delicious and homemade!  The Mac n cheese is excellent!  A huge bowl of creamy Mac n cheese for $9...you can eat it as a meal or share it with the table as a side.  Definitely one of the best Mac n cheese I have had,, rich and creamy loaded with plenty of cheese!
I also loved the jambalaya, my friend and I agreed that it was the best jambalaya in town!  The jambalaya has plenty of sausage and meat, beans, spices, and tons of flavors!  A plate of jambalaya is like $9, cheap and satisfying!  I ordered the mixed grill plate, which is a combination of daily house made sausages.   My favorite was the beef sausage; served with a sweet bbq sauce...it was sooo good!  Just think of little smokies, except these are a tad bigger and homemade, so good served with their bbq sauce!  The other sausages were good, but I felt they were too lean.  The lamb sausage wasn't bad, slightly sweet, served with a mustard based sauce.  You can only eat so much sausage, and for $15, it could feed two people.  A slice of house cured pastrami was served on my mixed grill plate; I didn't like the pastrami, it was too salty for my liking.  The house pickles were excellent!  All in all, the house made sausage was a winner, and they feature different sausages every day! 
I would definitely come back here, the food was all excellent and the prices are cheap!  The service here is also excellent.  I would recommend this restaurant for anyone would wants good jambalaya or sausage...I have not had their other entrees, but I heard the pizza is excellent!What a find!  I'm so glad I watched Heat seekers before our NOLA trip and discovered this restaurant.  We made our meal off the appetizer section and were STUFFED.  Here's what we had:
Bad Bart's Black Jambalaya - Not at all hot by my standards but really wonderful flavor.  I love the black-eyed peas and the meat was very high quality and tasty.
Fried Mac N Cheese - OMG, so GOOD!  This was my favorite dish.  I LOVE the crispiness of the cheese.  It takes a traditional dish to a whole new level.  I'm definitely going to have to try to replicate it at home since I can't just pop down to NOLA anytime I want some Mac N Cheese
Two pies - We had the meat and seafood pies from the appetizer menu and they were really tasty.  The crust was flaky and tender and perfect.  The fillings were really flavorful.  
Framboise Float - I LOVE good beer and I also love when someone comes up with a clever way to use beer and that's definitely what this is.  The creamy sweetness of the cream cheese ice cream perfectly balanced with the sweet/tart fruitiness of the lambic.  I could see doing something similar with other lambics as well.  I think peach in particular would be GREAT in summer.  
Unfortunately, we were too stuffed to try their pizza or their sausage (other than what was in the jambalaya) and I really regret that.  This will definitely be on my must stop list for my next visit to NOLA.