By far the worst Peruvian I've had. The fried Rice was undercooked and extremely greasy. Literally I had to drain the oil from the to go container just to be able to eat the drier rice at the top. The bottom was soaked. Never again!I write this review with a heavy heart because the first time I went to Cuzco I loved it - I thought it was delicious and the owners were super nice. I returned a few times since then because I loved the arroz con mariscos so much. But my most recent visit really left a bad impression.
I was trying to get a casual dinner with my girlfriend and being a seafood fan herself I thought she'd love this place. We arrive and are one of the only two customers in the restaurant. We decided to get the seafood sampler so she could try a bunch of things. The waitress brought over a potato appetizer and we asked her twice what it was because we didn't remember ordering it - assuming it being part of the sampler we dug in only for her to return and tell us she gave us the other tables appetizer. It's not a big deal, this happens but she didn't take it off the bill. She proceeded to tell us some convoluted story about her being new and not knowing how the system works and then got the OTHER table involved explaining that she gave their food to us. I didn't want to make a scene so I acquiesced but I don't understand how they think it's ok to make you pay for food you didn't order. Especially when it's NOT good - $7 for a few boiled potatoes and egg in a sweet sauce? 
Honestly that would have been ok and the night could have been redeemed if the arroz con mariscos that was in the seafood sampler had been good. But it wasn't. It tasted microwaved and the seafood was gummy. I was crestfallen. I had enjoyed the dish so many times before and this was just terrible. My girlfriend couldn't believe I liked it to begin with. 
I'm giving them 3 stars because I do remember good food here and maybe I'll return one day and it's as I remembered. But the fact that after almost a year of business the food and service are getting worse, not better, isn't a good sign.Wonderful tiny restaurant with excellent authentic Peruvian cuisine. Everything we had was delicious- ceviche, Lomo saltado, different arrozes, causas.Food is good but the service was horrible. 
When we came in it's was a party of 5, we were not greeted  or told were to sit we had to seat our selves and had to bring tables together to sit. food took over an hour to arrive and they forgot to bring my mom food even after repeating it twice to them after they brought everyone else food,they even brought the bill but still not her food, that was really rude, had to tell them to forget about that order and to take it off the bill.
The food was good but not worth the horrible service.I'm peruvian and have come to this little gem plenty of times, and have thoroughly enjoyed the food. You can tell that the food is fresh and cooked to order. Everything that i have tried so far has been spectacular. I highly recommend it to anyone and ask about their specials!!Wow, this place was delightful, it is small and cozy (one room with like 7 tables), this place is family owned by people from Peru. I went in never having Peruvian food before, and the very friendly waitress explained the menu and selection for us. The food is very good, they use true spices from Peru. I had the paella, and it was so well seasoned and loaded with seafood. My girlfriend had the ceviche which she throughly enjoyed. Give this place a try for something new and different on Freret, 10/10!Excellent and unexpected.  The combination of flavors delights and intrigues.  Definately take the server's suggestions. The lunch specials are a fantastic bargain. But, don't go in a hurry. The food deserves to be savored.Our server explained that Cuzco is a shared mission of three Peruvian families. I felt like I was eating a home cooked meal. Great flavors, sauces, and portions. A great addition to the neighborhood and New Orleans.Very nice and new place. Delicious food and reasonable prices. Very friendly service, but only a little slow.Everything was good! From the appetizer to the main course! We had the potatoes with shrimp and a green sauce (Ocappa ?) that was refreshing good! And we had the Paella and Fried Rice for the main course. Can't wait to visit again and try more on the menu.For being the only Peruvian restaurant in all of New Orleans, this place does not disappoint. Very good food, and very good food presentation. Must try if you're in town.My wife asked for me to find some place different, a restaurant where we had not been yet. I knew just the place. Neither of us had tried Peruvian food before and we were unsure about what to order. And even after we ordered, we weren't quite sure what was going to arrive. I can say for certain that we were delighted. The dishes were both flavorful and subtle. The service was conscientious and pleasant.  It appears that Peruvian food merits my further study.  I intend to add a fifth star when I better understand the descriptions of the menu items.  The prices are reasonable and appropriate for a nice white tablecloth restaurant.  When you have an occasion to try something special and new, I recommend this place.i wish i could give this place 5 stars, and, if ratings were based on food alone, i would. 
we had the papa a la huancaina, ceviche de pescado, & arroz con pollo. all three dishes were delicious, authentic, and of the perfect portion size. 
the service was unfortunately sub-par. i'm not sure if they were just understaffed on the day we visited. there was no waiter. one lady seemed to be popping out of the kitchen every once in a while to deliver plates and menus. when we walked in, we stood confused at the door until she came out and sat us. we had to wait 30 mins and flag her down between plate deliveries for a check. even so, she was really nice and helpful when we did receive service. 
the restaurant is quite small and had no overhead music of any kind. it was quiet - aka easy to hear other table's conversations. take that into account if you think it would bother you.I can't wait to go back. I want to try everything on the menu! The bonus of eating here is the feeling of being in Peru. The dining room is like you are in another country. It is simple and quiet. No sign of the kitchen. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time and the waiter was awesome.This place just opened a week ago and it is a Godsend! We are Peruvian food fanatics and have been waiting for one to open up Olin New Orleans. We tried 3 different signature dishes including the chaufa, ceviche and lomo Saltado and all 3 were finger licking good. They are still in their soft opening but did remarkably well for their first week. Can't wait to be back to try everything else on their menu.We got the cebiche,
Seafood platter, and the fried rice! All were amazing.. the fried rice was one of the best I've ever had.Amazing food, great service! By far the best Peruvian food I've ever had. You must try the the ceviche, Lomo saltado, chupe, etc. etc. everything is so good!I love it! Food is delicious! You feel like you are eating home food in Peru! Great jobWe live in Houston but travel to NOLA very often. We are from Peru and now when people ask us to try our food we can take them to Cuzco! Food has a authentic Peruvian flavor, freshly made, simply delish! Our favorite is the Ceviche, Lomo Saltado, Ocopa and Papa a la huancaina! Definitely a must try restaurant!Disclaimer, I'm a native Peruvian. I'm not affiliated with the restaurant at all but I've been really hopeful to finally have some authentic Peruvian food in the city. 
Amended Review. Dropped a star because the menu hasn't changed much and now there is Tito's Peruvian in the neighborhood which has a much more diverse menu. Cuzco needs to add a special or two on the menu to compete. They are still the budget location and you get great quality for the price. But please, give us more variety.
Original Post
Ceviche de Pescado. Amazing, and I'm very picky when it comes to ceviche ;-). There were also some new items on the menu since I was there opening weekend.
I can say almost everything on our table was on point. Lomo Saltado and Arroz Chaufa were awesome. Causa Rellena was a little bland but I had some Leche de Tigre for dipping (lime juice at the bottom of your ceviche bowl), so satisfied with the Causa in the end.
Arrive early for the dinner service. There are only 8 tables and BYOB so if this place wants to survive they better develop a stellar take out program! I am definitely a loyal customer. Can't wait to see them grow.I felt as thought I was back in Peru for a few minutes. The quality met my expectations. I'm looking forward to try more. This time i'll give the specials a shot. The service, and specially the chef are awesome. I'm so happy to see a menu that puts my heart at ease. It's great to have a second peruvian restaurant in town, and the fact that more and more people will be getting to know the beauty of our food. Thank you for letting us peruvians be seenThis is probably the worst restaurant that I have been to in New Orleans.  I would NEVER recommend to anyone.  The food was absolutely terrible and the service was worse.  I had rice that was over cooked, no flavor and tasted like it had been sitting all day.  The fish soup was extremely strong and at the first taste could not eat eat anymore.  What made it even more disappointing, the owner not only refused to suggest anything she would not offer any alternative.  POOR POOR SERVICE! I paid $50 for awful food and awful service.  I should have noticed that there was only 1 other customer dining. Paid $50 and walked to WAYFARE down the street and had awesome food and SUPERIOR service!This restaurant is tiny and the service is somewhat limited, so get there early or at non-prime dining hours for the best experience and minimal wait time. That being said, the food was awesome and it never got too loud in the restaurant itself. There were four of us and we all tried something different, so we had a large variety of the offerings on the table. Everything was prepared beautifully. I 100% recommend the ceviche! It is a really delicious combination of flavors and textures that really works! Be aware that dishes come out as they are ready, not all at once, and be prepared to share. The portions are very large and easy to accommodate multiple people or multiple meals. This is a lovely addition to the growing selection of world cuisine in New Orleans and I highly recommend it!Good service and nice small place. Lomo Saltado was alright but I have a high expectation on this plate since I'm from Miami.Overall the food was good we ordered the causa trio, ceviche mixto and the arroz chaufa. It was a little of a drive for us coming from the French quarter... wouldn't make the drive again !I love this restaurant. Their ceviche is amazing and I love the care that is put into the presentation of each dish. The atmosphere is transportive and relaxing.The food is fantastic! We had a delicious appetizer with shrimp, yuca, and a wonderful green sauce. There was plenty of sauce and the appetizer was a nice portion.
For our entree my girlfriend and I split a meal with shrimp, pork, beef, and rice. It was so delicious! The portion was huge and a great value. We both left full even with one appetizer and one entree! 
Prices are more than reasonable.
My one complaint is that the place is tiny and all the walls are concrete. There is nothing to dampen the noise and it got very loud. The place was full and had kids around so it was hard to have an intimate dinner.
The service was fantastic. You can tell they really care about quality of food and care of the customer. 
Great place! Highly recommend!This is a very small restaurant.  We went in and all the tables were full, but one appeared to be close to being done so we waited.  The host and wait staff never acknowledged we were there.  When the table finally came free, they gave it to someone who came in after us who appeared to know the host.
It could be good food, but we don't know since we chose to leave after being ignored.
They need to learn about customer service.Food was ok. Service was not good. My husband is from Peru, so my expectations weren't the highest since I've been there multiple times. They only had one server, which was fine since there is only about 7 tables, except there was one woman in the front (whom I assume works there also) who was talking on her phone in the dining room. She even helped the server for a bit, and was still on the phone while serving a table. I heard arguing from the kitchen. Also, the table we sat had one of the workers rain jacket on the chair when we walked in, and another table had another workers cell phone charging on the seat (which a customer had to be asked to have moved so they could sit down). Overall I would not go back. Food was overpriced for the quality...Came here on a Thursday night an hour before they closed. We were the only ones. But 30 min later the place was busy! It's smaller and a little more intimate that I thought it would be. I was secretly hoping this place was just Peruvian rotisserie chicken, rice, yucca, yellow and green sauce, but I wasn't disappointed in what we got. Fiance got the Peruvian paella and I got the lomo saltado. Both were flavorful and great. Our friends had the ceviche and arroz con pollo and weren't disappointed. Employees were nice and our food came out at a reasonable time.I really enjoyed this place.  I went w three people and their meals were fantastic.  I stupidly got the fried plate and that was not as great as their meals. It's huge.  And ton of food! Service was delightful, it's byob, and freret st is a really nice area.  
Would definitely recommend.I had a previous review and more pictures that Yelp has somehow lost... 
The food ranges from really good to items you might get better elsewhere.  They have some unique items that I haven't seen at other Peruvian places in the area.  Their purple corn drank "Chicha Morada" is quite refreshing and very nice for a non-alcoholic beverage and the Inca Cola is pretty nifty too.  The seafood platter is the one item I would probably avoid as there are just much better versions at traditional NOLA seafood joints around town.  There other dishes are all pretty good and they have some nice soups.  Very nice folks working here and typically good friendly service that can be a little slow sometimes.  The restaurant can be a bit challenging to find as they don't have much of a sign to let you know this is a restaurant so it is easy to drive or walk past and not even notice.  
Overall it is a nice place to try something quite a bit different from most of the other options available in the area.Came last night with a group of 12 including one native Peruvian. We ordered almost all the appetizers; all were yummy, especially the ceviches and fried yucca. (Side note: I was a bit surprised at how many dishes featured potatoes (I was expecting rice or, perhaps, corn, both of which were certainly well-represented as well.) I'm usually not a huge potato fan but these were all very tasty, accentuated as they were but luscious sauces.
As for the main courses, I had the Aji de Gallina. From the description (chicken, potatoes and a cream sauce) I didn't quite know what to expect but, OMG, it was SO good, almost like chicken and dumplings or, as someone else described it, "comfort food." (It came with a good-sized portion of white rice which I always enjoy; here it was slightly dried out but I'm not sure if that was intentional or not. In any case, it absorbed the sauce well.) ALL the other entrees looked or tasted (from li'l samples I had) wonderful. I can't wait to go back and try all of them especially the lomo saltado, the Peruvian paella, the Peruvian fried rice, and the chupe de camarones whose broth alone was divine.
Service was prompt and extraordinarily friendly. Prices are very reasonable. A great new addition to the Freret restaurant row!Overall the food lacks flavor. I love Peruvian chicken and was expecting a similar flavor profile. My beef was tender but was hoping for more seasoning. Wish it came with yuca instead of French fries. 
The trio appetizer is overly creamy and heavy mayo flavor. I took one bite of each and couldn't eat anymore. Think pasta salad that's extremely heavy on the mayo. 
The fried seafood dish was okay.  It did include several different types of seafood and included yuca which was nice.Food seemed very authentic and was pretty good, although the beef we got was a little tough. Staff are so friendly and patient. The atmosphere is simple but cozy...would recommend if you want to try some good Peruvian food!!Bad service, underwhelming food, way overpriced. I wanted to like this place but found nothing worth going back for.We saw the place while out for dinner at another restaurant on Freret St. and knew that we had to give it a try.  A few nights later, we arrived.  After appreciating the very intimate dining room that could have passed for a dining room in a family home in Lima, we were treated to dish after dish of sumptuous tastes.  Our favorites were the Loma dish and the Ahi de Gallina (as wonderful as I had while visiting family in Peru).  Enjoy!Disclaimer, I'm a native Peruvian. I'm not affiliated with the restaurant at all but I've been really hopeful to finally have some authentic Peruvian food in the city. 
Amended Review. Hiccups with service are getting smoothed over. Still slow because 1 waiter covering the entire food service for up to 8 tables so I'd recommend coming for lunch or dinner on a weekday.  Weekend may be too hectic for this tiny gem. 
Just had the Ceviche de Pescado. Amazing, and I'm very picky when it comes to ceviche ;-). There were also some new items on the menu since I was there opening weekend.
I can say almost everything on our table was on point. Lomo Saltado and Arroz Chaufa were awesome. Causa Rellena was a little bland but I had some Leche de Tigre for dipping (lime juice at the bottom of your ceviche bowl), so satisfied with the Causa in the end.
Arrive early for the dinner service. There are only 8 tables and BYOB so if this place wants to survive they better develop a stellar take out program! I am definitely a loyal customer. Can't wait to see them grow.
Take home. If you demand seamless service, give them some time to iron things out. If you just can't wait for DAMN good Peruvian food, just go for it :-)Disclaimer, I'm a native Peruvian. I'm not affiliated with the restaurant at all but I've been really hopeful to finally have some authentic Peruvian food in the city. So all 4 stars come from the food. I can say everything on our table was on point. Lomo Saltado and Arroz Chaufa. I'm worried this family run business needs some time to work out the kinks in managing the dinner food service. This was their soft opening weekend. 
Arrive early for the dinner service. They don't do reservations very well so I wouldn't bother asking. There are only 8 tables and BYOB so if this place wants to survive they better develop a stellar take out program! I would definitely be a loyal customer.
Take home. If you demand seamless service, give them a week or two to iron things out. If you just can't wait for DAMN good Peruvian food, just go for it :-)After our first restaurant plans for a light bite before dinner fell through, we walked across the street to this place and sat down for a snack. While the restaurant was clean, there wasn't much to the decor - just one room full of shiny tables.
But the waitress was friendly and came right over, and soon we were drinking cold water and sharing an order of the Ceviche Mixto and steak fries. The Ceviche was delicious - very heavy on the lime flavor, and a nice assortment of seafood. Served with a piece of sweet potato and crunchy Peruvian corn, the order was not large, but very tasty.
I would definitely go back to explore more of their menu.Disclaimer. I would butcher the names of these dishes if I tried. 
We had the boiled potatoes with a sauce and shrimps for an appetizer and it was amazing. They did not hold back on the sauce, which I greatly appreciated. Me and my date were both scraping the plate with our forks (and fingers) trying to eat as much of it as we could.
For our main dish we split the arroz con... beef pork and shrimp. So good. The rice was a little dry, but all of the meat was juicy and flavorful guaranteeing a delectable taste in every bite. 
 The restaurant is pretty small, so when everyone else finds out about this little gem I am sure there will be waits.My brother and I had been looking for a decent Peruvian restaurant since moving back to New Orleans from Brooklyn, and Cuzco exceeded our expectations. Excellent food and service. We both had the Aji de Gallina which was delicious. We will definitely be returning soon.Amazing authentic Peruvian food. Loved it. Although it's a small space, the food more than made up for it. Very new restaurant so I'm sure once this place gets into its groove it'll be fantastic.Disclaimer, I'm a native Peruvian. I'm not affiliated with the restaurant at all but I've been really hopeful to finally have some authentic Peruvian food in the city. 
Amended Review. 5 stars because hiccups with service are getting smoothed over. Still slow because 1 waiter covering the entire food service for up to 8 tables so I'd recommend coming for lunch or dinner on a weekday.  Weekend may be too hectic for this tiny gem. 
Just had the Ceviche de Pescado. Amazing, and I'm very picky when it comes to ceviche ;-). There were also some new items on the menu since I was there opening weekend.
I can say almost everything on our table was on point. Lomo Saltado and Arroz Chaufa were awesome. Causa Rellena was a little bland but I had some Leche de Tigre for dipping (lime juice at the bottom of your ceviche bowl), so satisfied with the Causa in the end.
Arrive early for the dinner service. There are only 8 tables and BYOB so if this place wants to survive they better develop a stellar take out program! I am definitely a loyal customer. Can't wait to see them grow.
Take home. If you demand seamless service, give them some time to iron things out. If you just can't wait for DAMN good Peruvian food, just go for it :-)I'm going to put a disclaimer: 
I would try again, maybe I got the wrong dishes. The mom and pop feel and treatment is good enough for me to go one more time. 
I like going to mom and pop. The food was average, and I even questioned if maybe they put velveta in the dish I had. The person I went with had a better dish, but overall I thought it was so so.
If you cook at home a lot, then a lot of the dishes are easily replicable, I think that is why I may have thought it was so so.
The wait staff was very nice. It's worth a try if you have not had Peruvian food.Great food. Very authentic dining experience. We ordered appetizers:  ceviche, yuca and desserts. They were excellent. We will be back to try entrees.Horrible! Food was cold and no one checked on us during the meal to see if everything was okay. The rice was hot but the seafood in the dish was cold. Also, thought it was over priced for quality and service.Cuzco Peruvian Cuisine is the epitome of the kind of home cooked food you crave when you don't have it.
Ceviche was incredibly fresh; presentation was simple and colorful. 
Lomo saltado hit the spot and the plating was very meticulous.
All the food is very colorful and fresh.
Owners and service staff were extremely accommodating and friendly.
If you haven't had Peruvian Cuisine before, this is a perfect place to first try it.3 of us had fried rice (fine, nothing special, not to dissimilar to Chinese style), Chicken w yellow sauce on rice. (Stromg dairy tasting sauce, over all bland) and Fish Ceviche- the best of the 3, service with 2 types of corn on side (roasted and boiled) and a nice potatoe or yam slice. I liked it but I prefer more heat. On the expensive side for quality and decorHonestly this place & Tito's are tied as far as quality of food. Both their ceviches were bomb. This place is however to me more authentic & gave a larger serving of ceviche. Also not nearly as packed over the weekend so I would prefer to come here. Much more intimate & family feel. This is right around the corner from Tito's & definitely my preferred Peruvian favorite, so far in NOLA... but there are a couple others I still need to try.I am a native Peruvian. So last night I was doing my research on a good Peruvian restaurant and this place was the one I chose because of its review. So today i ordered  me a Ceviche Mixto, it was amazing! I also ordered me a Lomo Saltado to go because I was so full from the ceviche. I absolutely recommend this place it was delicious I will be back !!!!To start, I have been to Perú several times, so I have an idea of what Peruvian cuisine should taste like. I have even begun to learn how to cook a few select dishes for my beautiful Peruvian wife. We ordered the Trio Causa appetizer and were mostly pleased with it. However, the entrees were a disservice to the excellent food that can be found in Perú. I ordered one of my favorite dishes, aji de gallina, and was surprised by how wrong they got it. My first indication was the strange color of the sauce, which ended up tasting a lot like Velveeta cheese. At least the rice was okay. On the other hand, my wife ordered arroz con pollo and was similarly dissatisfied. The chicken wasn't very good, and we suspect it was reheated in a microwave just moments before. Also, her rice looked and tasted like couscous. Out of curiosity, we asked the waitress if it was actually rice. She said it was and even specified that it was jasmine rice. My wife and I often eat jasmine rice at home, so we know that this was definitely not jasmine rice. I couldn't believe that the waitress would try to pull a fast one on us with such a simple thing as rice especially since I had rice with my dish. On the top of all that, the final price was much too high for the taste and quality of food we received. After all of this, we will definitely not be going back.This place is definitely ~ unique ~. The entire restaurant is one single, small square room, with nothing in it but a 5 or 6 tables and closed doors leading to mysterious places. It may not seem weird that a restaurant is a room - but think about it. Most dining rooms are large dynamic spaces, with high ceilings, an open floor plan with different areas, many contain bars. This one had nothing. Not even a hostess stand. Much more off-putting than I would have expected. 
I assume the menu is pretty authentic because I had never heard of any of the dishes. I can't say I loved the food, but I think this is not so much a reflection on the restaurant as evidence that I don't like Peruvian food. 
My friend and I got the appetizer trio which was interesting but very strange (chicken salad and egg salad? for dinner?), the Peruvian fried rice which was fine when we added salt but tasted exactly like fried rice from your average Chinese takeout place, and the Aji de Gallina which was very very strange indeed. A rather bland pale yellow blend of chicken and potatoes and what tasted like hard boiled egg yolks. The menu said "slightly spicy" (it was not at all) and it was supposed to contain black olives, but there were none to be found. The service was also very slow, one woman seemed to be managing all the service for all the tables at the entire restaurant (though to be fair there were only 5 or so). 
Other notes: 
- BYOB. I was extremely disappointed to find that there was no wine on the menu. 
- They closed the restaurant at about 8:30. I saw a couple come up and try to come in when I was midway through my meal but they were turned away. Maybe the kitchen ran out of food? 
I'm glad I tried this place because I was very curious, but it won't become one of my regular spots.Good Food !!! Not Mexican , not Hondureño, no pupusas here. Good Peruvian food. 
Nice , small restaurant on Freret. I been eating Latin American food for many years , most of the dishes here I have never had before and they were very good. 
The have 2 different ceviche dishes , fish and mixed seafood. Bring both of them. They were delicious nice and citrusy with a hint of coconut milk. 
Next, we had the rice dish with chicken , beef and shrimps. Excellent. Also had beef dish called Lomo saltado. Awesome, nice tender cubes of well seasoned beef with seasoned veggies. 
Service was very good and quick. If you want good  Latin American or South American food that you don't normally see in most restaurants that serve that cuisine. This is the place. 
Bring your own bottle, cause there ain't no Mojitos or Margaritas here.When Robert and I heard this spot opened on Freret, we were excited to try an authentic Peruvian spot close to home!
They take reservations and it's BYOB ($7 corkage fee) so we brought a great red, but I would suggest a white during the summer to pair with all their seafood dishes. They aren't open very late but we didn't feel rushed making a reservation at 7pm! While the space is small, we had a reserved table by the window that made for some nice people and dog watching. 
While the menu (besides ceviche) was pretty unfamiliar to me, Robert was excited to see dishes you don't see regularly at Latin American-inspired restaurants around town. The friendly staff is ready to explain dishes to first-timers but I would suggest sharing any food allergies before diving in since the descriptions don't include all of what the dish entails.
We enjoyed two ordered of the Ceviche Mixto ($14). I've stopped comparing ceviches to Robert's mom's recipe 'cause it's just not fair though this is probably the best ceviche in town for its value! Plenty of seafood with a very very light acidity and very clean taste with nice accoutrements to add a crunch including cooked and roasted corn.
For an appetizer, we had the Ocopa Arequipena Con Camarones ($9), boiled potato with fried cheese and shrimp on top with creamy sauce with herbs. Warning: this is a peanut-based sauce. Wow. This dish was like nothing I've ever tasted. The sauce was velvety with a very mild nuttiness and the potato and shrimp were cooked perfectly. I would've licked the plate if no one was looking.
We then had the Arroz Con Mariscos ($15). As mentioned in other reviews, it's a Peruvian paella. They put a fresh onion mix on the side which we asked for more of and they obliged. Very tasty and a great value. I loved the little mussels and bits of calamari which was nicely seasoned. It's not a spicy dish so if you'd like to kick it up a notch, request their house made hot sauce.
For my fiancé, who hadn't eaten all day, and me, this was the perfect amount of food. In fact, we had some left over.
I think the menu does change a little bit. We will definitely be back!Small but homey interior, the music adds a great atmosphere. The service was friendly helpful and fast, as a server I appreciated the quality of service a lot. The food was excellent, I had the Lomo Saltado which was presented beautifully and tasted amazing, great portions. The fried papaya was insanely good and everything was juicy and fresh. Will absolutely be back again!Cuzco, located in the heart of Freret Street between Mojo Coffee and Humble Bagels, serves Peruvian dishes that can be a nice departure from the more widespread choices of other cuisines.
Our recent experience was a tale of two dinners:  I pronounced mine delicious, a fish stew (chupa) with interesting color and flavor.  My appetizer was the basic ceviche.  Delicious but a little too similar to the monochromatic experience of eating herring in wine sauce.  Next time I would opt for the "mixto" which brings in a greater variety of seafood.
My companion had the beef tips that were freshly prepared with enough flame to light up the cracks around door frame to the kitchen.  ("Authorized Personnel Only", indeed! )  This was served with a small clump of french fries and a mound of white rice that did not seem fully cooked (or, perhaps that is the Peruvian style?).  Whatever the case, she was not happy with the rice and did not feel the meat was distinctive.
Her appetizer was slices of potato in a mild green cream sauce.  The potatoes were still warm on the inside, while the sauce outside was chilled.  That was no problem for the sample I tasted, but she was unnerved by the conflicting temperatures.
In the end, I placed Cuzco in in the four star range while she ranked them in the two to three star range.  But since I am the Yelp! breadwinner who brings home the bacon (or at least the reviews of the bacon), Cuzco will get my four stars.  
Service was prompt and friendly, though we did not hear back from service during the meal.
The two desserts, a flan and creme brulee similar to a flan, were not that different.  Tasty but not hugely different from other flan-type dishes from restaurants service other Latin American cuisines.  
If youare looking for something that's less common (i.e. not Mexican or Chinese or Japanese or among the new comfort food options popping up all around), it's worth giving Cuzco a try.