My husband and I have visited this spot more than once while in NO. The wings are really good, they give you a TON of fries and the breakfast is REALLY good. I would definitely revisit. The also have bottomless mimosas!Close to our hotel- Clean-food was good, reasonable. The staff was friendly and quick. We ate here 3 times!NIce restuarte food very delicious however, the bathroom and the hall to the bathroom that smell is horrible.  I do understand the city has taking a major hit but if you go to the bathroom or go down that hall first the smell will kill your appetite.  But my second time there and the food was delicious. Please please get that plumbing issue repaired or keep some very clean scent to help that odor out.Awesome Fried Green Tomato Po'Boy!! Service could use a little improvement but pretty good little spot to grab a bite. I give it a 4-star rating because my beer was a little warm and the waitress had a little attitude.Don't be fooled by its 24/7 all night cafe persona. The food is delicious and comes out piping hot.  The gumbo is comparable to the high end restaurants in the area. The service is fast and friendly.  On my 5 day vacation I discovered this restaurant on day 3.. and I was hooked. Just go.. you won't regret it.Great place to eat. Open 24 hrs which was a plus. We were delayed at the airport and got in late not to mention hungry. So we looked a place and this was our choice. Good decisionGo here. Not the one on Chartres. Love the hot wings. The breakfast is good. The gumbo too. So is the Cajun omelette. The servers are nice and efficient.Sometimes super busy but there's a reason why! Good food and service! Love the bloody Mary's!Only reason it's a 2 star review (would be a 1.5 if half stars were allowed) is because of the excellent mimosa. Poboy's are soggy, food was bland (lacked any seasoning whatsoever), and the service was abysmal even by Nola standards. 
You're gonna wanna go ahead and pass on the express location and head over to the flagship DD.I enjoyed my visit to this place. When I walked in, I was told I could sit anywhere I liked. I sat at the bar. The girl behind the bar helped me unTil my waitress came out and when she finally did come out, she was really sweet and eager to help. I got one of the everyday specials that gave you half of any poboy and a side (I believe the choices were limited to gumbo and something else, but I don't remember, sorry). I got the alligator poboy and gumbo. It was GREAT! My only issue is that the piece of sausage was so big and the poboy was so packed with lettuce and diced tomatoes, I could barely bite into it and it eventually fell apart in my hand. I had to ask for a knife and fork and eat it like a salad. The atmosphere is more like a bar with a kitchen, rather than an actual restauraunt but i still liked it. I would definitely eat here again.Great place! Anytime we are in town we always make it a point to stop here! Love the jambalaya and gumbo!The food was okay. The Cajun Spicy Gumbo was suppose to have shrimp/seafood but there was none. Didn't care much for the overcooked biscuit. The fried oysters are great but the cajun has no taste to it.24/7, that's pretty sweet! The food hit the spot, but it's one of those places you don't really plan on going to, just stumble upon.  I had the Seafood Omelet: crawfish, shrimp, mushrooms & cheese, it was pretty good, but the grits are what I remember the most; soo delicious. I also had a bloody mary that that was very good!Great food and value, had the breakfast special and filled my food tank up . Where I am from , they don't ask if you would like a refill of your drink to go, here they do , which is a nice surprise. Very friendly servers,No complaints! We ordered the Cajun fries, fried green tomatoes, the gyro, and the DD hot sausage po boy...Everything was absolutely delicious. We were stuffed!!!Popped in for an early breakfast.  Seated quickly our waitress was attentive.  The food was very good not greasy and prepared properly.  The coffee was excellent.  It was a great start to our day.  Keep in mind the whole in the wall places usually have the best food - this one was no different.  Would I return ?  Yes definitely.Being in NOLA for a week meant we needed to grab breakfast every single day and this was our typical spot.
Breakfast was solid. Cocktails were refreshing. They have a two for one special that runs pretty much all the time. 
I'm big on the Bloody Mary's and decided this one morning to ask for one after my coffee but it was not presented like in the photos. I kind of felt cheated cause I didn't get my crayfish on top. It was still good.
The place is really small though so seating kind of gets cramped and service is not consistent. We gave them a couple of chances before seeking out a new local.
Background, the name is drawn from the former owner who was obsessed with the Dukes of Hazard.Our family went to dinner tonight and ate: rib eye steak, blackened cat fish, and pork chops. It was yummy and came with fried green tomatoes, gumbo, and fluffy biscuits. A nice change from the hustle of the French Quarters!  Yes, I would definitely go back!The food wasn't bad, I got to try fried oysters on a po boy and the gumbo was spicy. But the service was terrible. Ignored me the entire time and never checked on me. Took my food when I left the table to use the restroom without asking (although I waited 10 minutes before using restroom for them to come take plate because I wanted to order grits). Had to ask for my check and was never offered a drink refill. Did not recommend to my colleagues.Again, some great comfort food while traveling. The service was outstanding. Sat next to some playa that seemed to want to be waited on hand and foot. These folks take good care of you. If you are polite, you typically get polite back. Playa was whiny and rude, he got polite back. Cmon folks spread some love! Great food, great service, coming back next time in NOLA.Me and my friends ate in daisy dukes and we had the spicy garlic wings and cajun philly and Oh boy! It's really good! My server for that day is rachelle, she is so helpful and attentive! You need to keep her! I will come back again!This place has the best burger and Cajun fries and the best part all under $7. The waitress was great and we never wanted for anything.Some items good and some not so good. The kids liked the pizza.   We tried seafood and not too good. We ordered sampler and bowls had whatever was in it running down the sides. Tasted very out of a can. On the plus side, service was very good. Also could see into kitchen and saw delivery guy coming back from delivery and put slices of cheesecake in a to go container with bare hands.  Ewww.This is a great little place, located just west of Canal Street, in the Central Business District, but adjacent to the French Quarter. I stopped in for an order to go because it was a cold evening, and my wife didn't want to go out. So I grabbed some tasty food and brought it back to our room at the JW Marriott. Great choice.
-Cup of Gumbo: I LOVE gumbo, and this had some of the tastiest broth I'd ever had. Sausage was spiced nicely, and both chicken and sausage were tender and tasty. And it was served hot, unlike another restaurant we had visited earlier.
-Crab cakes on Fried Green Tomatoes: The bartender complimented me on my choice, and he was right. TASTY and perfectly seasoned crab cakes, on top of the best fried green tomatoes my wife and I have ever had. The home made remoulade was excellent. Growing up in SoCal, I never understood the attraction to fried green tomatoes. Until now. 
-Fried Shrimp Po Boy: The fried shrimp was tasty, and we loved the lettuce and tomato in the french bread. We also got mustard and mayo on the side. We love good shrimp and good french bread. 
If it wasn't so cold, we would have certainly eaten here, or at the main Daisy Duke's a couple blocks away.Excelent filet philly cheesesteak. Nice NOLA twist on fries and onion rings with the spices and dips.Ok, my wife and I are 50 but turn 25 every time we visit NOLA.  We were staying at a nearby hotel and ate here three times.   EVERY TIME the staff were polite and a joy to be around.  Even at 3:00 AM.   The food is hot, it's filling, and it's delicious.  If you want your pinky in air as you sip $20 cocktails, don't come here.  If you want family food with a unique blend of fellow patrons.  Come on in!Food was great and portion size was large, which is the only reason for 3 stars instead of 2. Service was slow and not really friendly. Bathroom was hideously dirty. Can't say that I would go back.It was close, thank goodness, but it may have been across town and I would still recommend it. Go there when you're hungover, go there when you want to get buzzed, go there when you're already sloppy drunk. This place is one welcoming hole filled with pesky patrons and lovely waitrons.Great for late-night food.  Friendly.  Delivery may take a bit.  It was so close to the hotel I just walked and had a beer while waiting for carry-out.  Shrimp Po-Boy was huge and delicious. Almost, but not-quite, 5 star worthy.They are a favorite when we are in downtown.   The breakfast is one of my favorites.   While it looks like a hole in the wall, the staff is great and the food is better.   The trip to them is worth the effort.  There little to no parking and that's why I gave it 4 and not 5 stars.  And before you ask, no one is wearing "Daisy Dukes".Very good late night snack.  The alligator po boy was great.  Everything's just a little too greasy.  Definitely had a stomach ache after this meal. The creole sampler was just ok.  Some lacking flavor.Had the shrimp and grits for a late night snack after Bourbon St.  it was very delicious and spicy!  Just the Cajun taste I was looking for!  Hubby had a simple BLT, perfect late night snack!  Great location with friendly staff and it was clean, glad we stopped here.We visited here from a recommendation of our concierge at the hotel. The service was OK. They were very prompt with our breakfast plates. However the bacon was so thin you could read a newspaper through it. I think it straight out of the microwave not good at all the eggs and hashbrowns were very good. My order of toast was completely white not even a hint of brown on the toast, I then noticed it was not just mine but every table that ordered toast came out White we will not be backNot sure what the hype is about, food was average! Not worth a 5 min wait! Prices are low but spending more was worth it to me.I ordered a Jambalaya & it just looks/tastes exactly like those leftover from few days ago, nothing is fresh! I've tried a much better Jambalaya even from air plane. Can't believe this place has high reviews.Great food and service from Sara 
Ask for Sara she is the best  Fun menu open 24 hours.Reasonable prices on breakfasts.  The early bird $3.99 was perfect.  Grits were okay, but the biscuit was superb!  Nothing super special but it was nearby our hotel and I loved the jazz music that was playing loudly that early morning!  AWESOME!!Went for breakfast,  a really short walk from my hotel. Breakfast was great, I had a Cajun omelette with fries and a biscuit.  Hubby had pancakes. Everything was good even the coffee. Service was great, prompt and with a smile. While eating there were a lot of plates given to other customers, Wow it all looked good. Think I might go back for dinner.
Okay, I went back for lunch and had the seafood platter.   Fried Shrimps, fried oysters and catfish  $19.99. Good deal!!! Taste good.This is one of the place I most likely to Visit to dine! aside from It is situated in heart of the city, Just the street across Bourbon! It also offers a 24 Hours service! may it be Dine In or TOGO! and yes! the they have an open bar 24/7! aint it cool???  Daisy Dukes Offers a great quality of service! the Food is Good and so it their prices. The servers are fast and courteous. As you enter the restaurant, you will be greeted with a smile and be seated on where ever you preferred to sit. they will serve you water while you were deciding on to have on the menu. The new management Improved a lot in this establishment.  so Better check it yourself! and Oh! they do offer Bottomless Hurricane! and a crawfish hanging on their Bloody Mary! Try Their chicken wings too! you can have it in diff flavor of your choice too! I suggest the Dukes special sauce :) Your new Orleans experience will not be complete if you will not try the Poboys! I suggest their Cajun Philly Cheese!Terrrrible! Do not order this shit. Food was disgusting and cold. Forgot all our dressings idk how you don't bring any dressings when it's on the receipt. Threw my food in the trash after a couple bites. Mad I even have to give them a rating of 1 star. Don't even waste ur timeWe loved the food and atmosphere. Very laid back and easy going, like the city its self. They even had a kids menu, which is nice since we had our 4 yr old with us during this trip. We will be adding this place to our list of good eats for out New Orleans trip.The best burger yet delivered ever, just visiting from San Diego and we were a bit hungry after spending the day out exploring the town and I heard from the hotel I was staying in it this was the place to call and yet it was it was the best ever burger I've ever had and I live in San Diego and they delivered it to my door in less than 30 minutes you have  to indulge in daisies burgers it isAMAZINGGood late night spot. Don't get overwhelmed by the menu bc you have options. Enjoy. I had the gumbo & fried oyster platter. Both were pretty good.Family and I stopped here for breakfast while visiting New Orleans... the biscuits were unexpectedly amazing. Hash browns were good. Server was just okay... she got the job done, she wasn't bad, and she wasn't great. All in all, I would come here again.
Oh... and my 14 yr old gave a thumbs up on the biscuits and gravy.Came here while visiting New Orleans and I must say the food was awesome and the service was even better! I would definitely recommend this restaurant!Food was delicious lots of oysters on my poboy and the gumbo was fabulous! Nice to have the 2 for 1 Bloody Mary, and the wait staff was efficient and very delightful! One negative was that the bathroom was HORRIBLE! They should plan ahead for this on a Saints Game day!We were staying at a hotel in the French Quarter and ordered grits and hash browns to have them delivered. It was here in less than 5 minutes! Grits were okay and hash browns were extremely greasy. If you want some "okay" food - fast - though then check it out!The food was surprising good for 2 am, had a breakfast sandwich similar to a sausage McMuffin from McDonald's but homemade and much, much better.  The restaurant was crowded for Wednesday early morning and our server Valerie was amazing!!!Justin was awesome!! Food was good and service was fast! Will come back again next time we're in townMy friends and I decided to go in before a night of going out because it's right by our hotel & super close to bourbon. It wasn't too busy & we were taken care of immediately- they have awesome drinks & bottomless hurricanes that are totally worth it. We got poboys & baskets & were all totally full! We'll definitely be back before we leave town!Good stuff! Excellent staff! I had the gumbo and the shrimp and grits - what you talkin' 'bout!?!Very good prices. Catfish poboy special was huge. All my friends agreed it was a great hungover lunch before leaving town. One of my friends said that the breakfast steak wasn't very good so avoid that. I wouldn't go out of my way but if your hotel is walking distance go, it should be worth itWe asked our valet guy in our hotel where we could get some good chicken wings and he recommended Daisy Dukes. Our waitresses (we went twice) were very very nice and kind both times. We were told to try the dukes sauce and it was awesome. I even asked the waitress if they sold the sauce and she said no but gave me the recipe. You cant argue with the price being so low and the wings were pretty damn good. Would go again no doubt.Awesome food.... Awesome Service considering they were super-packed!!!! I gave them 4 Stars because I didn't have that WOW experience!!! I also dined here for late night dinner!! Excellent and yes I am going backHad lunch here recently and I am a fan. Good gumbo and an even better Po Boy. Large portions and very good food.
Try it you will like it!I came to New Orleans on a late night flight, after i check inn my hotel and everything i saw it was after 10 PM and most of the restaurants were close so i walk in to a CVS and they told me Daisy Dukes was right by it and it's open 24/7 so i went here and when i walk in it was not very busy.
The food was alright had the New Orleans Sampler was not bad but nothing to talk home about but it's good for a late night place if you need food.
The service was great set by a lady that help me find a hotel cause little did i know most of the hotels were booked the next night and help me find one and the stuff was very friendly and take good care of me.
Overall i will give this place a 3 and a half stars.After checking into our hotel the front desk staff recommended Daisy Dukes as a place to grab a quick dinner. It was set yourself and with a large party there weren't many options so we got a table near the front door. After waiting awhile a waitress finally came over and took our drink order. Being new to the area and the restaurant she wasn't able to answer our questions about the menu and asked for assistance from another waitress. The food was pretty good, they gave you a lot of it, but overall I'd say this place is just "ok"Well, here we have another New Orleans business that needs to wake up and realize that it's 2015, and people like to pay with credit cards. I tried to place an order from them today, and was told that delivery was cash only. When I told them that wouldn't work, they were just pleased as can be to let my business slip away.
What ever happened to the days where businesses were willing to make do whatever it took to make the sale and please their customers? Are they so convinced that they are too big to fail now days that they can piss away paying customers because they wish to cling to the days of the gold standard? Perhaps they think it's 1985, perhaps they long for the days of 8-bit Nintendo, parachute pants and boom boxes.
Perhaps the folks at Daisy Dukes are simply trapped in some sort of strange time vortex, mentally of course. Makes me ponder what they think when their customers walk in on cell phones. They must think the world has gone mad.
If there is anyway that this can be explained, it must be rooted in some form of dark magic or perhaps a steam-punk inspired time travel device that has caused them to become unclear on the date, the year, and most importantly, the current trends on sales and marketing, you know, crazy stuff like credit card sales.
My guess is perhaps that they were trying to summon a demon in the back of their restaurant one night. They probably used some sort of animal blood for their ritual instead of the quality human stuff. 
In doing so, they summoned a stupid demon, not the cool kind like in the movies. When they asked this demon to give them the secrets to wealth and earthly success, I can only imagine that he said,
"Duhhhh, clearly, maintain a cash only rule for delivery, because people in 2015 ALWAYS carry just cash on them, and if they don't, people LOVE paying ATM fees in order to buy your food."
Not realizing they had summoned a stupid demon, the owners of Daisy Dukes foolishly followed his advice. So, blame the demon I guess, because clearly no modern business owner would be so STUPID on his/her own accord as to allow business to slip away. I mean, because making sales in the prime directive of any business, am I right?Also: I want to compliment whoever created the playlist at Daisy Duke's. The 90s playlist was BOMB!!!!! Every song was awesome. Loved it.#I walked around town for about an hour trying to decide where to eat. I got tired and ended up here for some reason. Two for one #Bloody Marys at the time was cool.
#I got the New Orleans Sampler and didn't like it. But my friend met me there and ate the rest of my food. He thought it was good. I can't tell if it's because I was #hungover or if it was because my friend was hungry and didn't get any sleep. Maybe all of the above reasons.
It's #weird. I think this picture of food looks really good.Our go to spot for breakfast. Quick turn around and good service. Table of 16 quickly sat and beverages served. Food was great! Came out quickly and hot. I got BLT like I always do. Most of the table got the egg platter and pancakes. The pancakes are so fluffy and yummy. Gumbo and red beans were great! Thanks for the memoriesHad a blast!!! best biscuits ever. Everything was traditionally hot New Orleans style. Food came out hot and fast. Great late night spot. I ordered the crawfish ettoufe and fried oysters. Everything was fantastic.Great Cajun. Killer catfish po-boy, jambalaya and gumbo. Less smokey bar/ restaurant to watch the Saints! Superb service on a Sunday evening. Waitress gave perfect suggestions and modifications to meet our needs. Will come here every time I'm in NOLA!My first and most likely my last stop in this place. Sat down and it took a good while for anyone to someone up to us and even ask for a drink order. Not sure why considering there were two people behind the bar and and another having a conversation near the back. When someone finally came up got a draft Bud Lite and man it tasted skunky! Ordered a gyro with onion rings and wasn't bad but wasn't the greatest. My buddy ordered a cheeseburger, but I guess it was too much to add the cheese. On a plus it was convenient to the hotel.Justin was really friendly and welcoming! The food was delicious and filling. Service was quick and the restaurant was clean and cozy! I had a smokin good time!We had one breakfast and one dinner there and the quality was way above what we expected for the price. The atmosphere was nice and our server Sara was the best.The atmosphere was casual and inviting. The service was quick as well. 
We had the biscuits and country sausage gravy, Cajun omelette and the pancake stack. The biscuits and gravy were decent and the omelette had a nice kick to it.I wrote a review on this place and it was removed. I based the review on the menu.  The menu says: Voted #1 Bloody Mary in New Orleans. Since I had been drinking at least 3-5 different Bloody Mary's a day on a 10 day Brotrip across the States, I ordered one. This was my second day in Nola and I had already consumed several Bloodys around the town. I strongly dis agreed with the menu statement. However. I also ordered a breakfast and it was Very filling and tasty.  There is a radio playing ever so softly in the back, the head waitress has some vocals and she's not afraid to show em off.  She sings the songs as she bops from table to table doing her thing. I'm a sucker for a singer with a strong voice. I would return. I'd even order another Bloody Mary, but it is NOT the best in Nola.Food is awesome!! Service is friendly and quick. I didn't think I liked Cajun food until I tried their "New Orleans Sampler" great choiceI'm a frequent NOLA visitor, but this was my first time at Daisy Dukes.  My friends and I ordered dinner for delivery to our hotel and the food was prompt, fresh, hot, and delivered with a smile to our room.  We ordered fried green tomatoes, two catfish platters, gumbo, lemon pepper wings... it was all great.  I ate the gumbo two more times in fours days.
The best thing was the return of my FitBit after I accidentally left it in the restaurant bathroom.  The servers remembered me, and was able to return it to my friends (as I'd already left the city for home).  I can't thank Ashley and the other server who helped me get my watch back!!
I'll definitely be back!Yeah buddy! 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, when your drunk and got to eat, to Daisy Dukes you gotta go, for the best bacon, grits and coffee yo. 
Seriously- reasonably priced breakfast, lunch and dinner menu with New Orleans style cooking.  Nice staff and very fastThis was a very convenient stop across from our hotel.  Our hotel served breakfast but we wanted some NOLA flavor.  This place was very good.  The service was friendly and quick.  Everything we ordered was great.  The grits and the sausage gravy and biscuits were the highlight.  I noticed that Daisy Dukes has several locations,  I expect that the others would be just as good.We sat at the counter and were waited on by Sara who was great- super friendly and attentive. We started with mozzarella sticks (5 for $7) which were cooked nicely, but were served with refrigerator-cold marinara sauce (meh). We ordered the oyster po boy and the Cajun Philly cheese, both with a side of Cajun fries. The fries were room temperature and the Cajun seasoning seemed to have been sprinkled on, rather than the fries being tossed in the seasoning, so not every fry was coated. The oyster po boy had a strong fishy smell but tasted okay. The Philly cheese was dry. This place is good if you're looking for a quick bite or just a cocktail, but with so many other great places to dine at in the city, I would pass on coming here.This place serves a great breakfast and lunch. Have not tried dinner there. Extremely good value as far as the quality of the food and the huge portions. Service was very friendly and prompt as well. Way above our expectations on both a breakfast and lunch visit during the same trip to New Orleans.Stopped in three times to Daisy Dukes, not because I/we loved their food, mostly because it was open and we were hungry.  In fact I was impressed by anything I ate here.  The first time was lunch, it came recommended by a bellman.  I ordered the gator platter, i was expecting gator meat, i got some sort of sausage and indigestion for the rest of the day.  It wasn't terrible but it was not what i was expecting.  Some other complaints at the table as well, not liking the food.  Our waitress took our order and never showed up again, the music was coming on then going off every 2 minutes, and they were mopping the floor right next to our table as we ate.  The second stop was a super late night/early morning starving after drinking meal.  I had wings, they were mediocre, but Val our waitress was awesome, a real character, someone you don't forget.  Another similar stop a night or two later, Val took care of us, had wings...meh.  Late night food stop, yes.  Any other time?  I wouldn't.Great for a quick breakfast, but still tasty. Comparable to a diner, but doesn't look like one... we waited for about 10 minutes to get in. There usually is a line on Sundays, the service was super friendly and the food was out super quick.The food is good, classic and quick.  Our waitress was annoying, if I hear "ladies first" one more time I might scream.  Every time she came to the table, it's fine I'm a lady I get it but let me just speak, I don't need to be told when to do so.  Her constant sliding a 2 top next to ours and back a hundred times was annoying too.  Basically decent food but annoying service.This Daisy Duke experience much better than our experience 30 minutes ago on Chatres. We were greeted and seated immediately. Our server, Michelle, was great and attentive. Our food came out quickly and correct. This made up complicit the previous experience.Daisy Dukes, what a name. I went here with two co-workers. They weren't sure what kind of place I was taking them to. Well, Great Food, Great Service, and a cool place to hang out. I had Breakfast, plain and simple. Eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, and toast. My friends had some of the cajun fare. Everybody left fat and happy!Great breakfast a few blocks from our hotel.  Very friendly staff, especially Monsur, who made us feel so welcome!  We like to sit at the bar so we can talk to people and the customers were very friendly too!  Great drinks, 24/7!  Didn't get a chance to try anything other than breakfast and drinks, but will next time we're there!  And hope to get a Daisy Dukes shirt too!  Thank you, Monsur, for the great food and making us feel so welcome!  I'll be back!