Cheickine under a brick.  Good
Brussel sprouts.  Good
Nice environment 
Overall a pleasant experience.
Highly recommend.AMAZING!! I went here for sunday brunch and was quite pleased with the delicious food!  I decided to get the special...boudin cakes with poached eggs with a side of grits.  It was oh so yummy!!!  The grits are some of the best I have ever tasted!!  Also, the biscuits are some of the best around.  I will def. be back soon!!Firstly, our waiter Larry was refreshingly attentive and knowledgeable. 
Secondly, everything we ate was so delectable I'm just going to go ahead and list them so that I can relive those tasty moments and encourage any prospective diners to order the same. 
Apps
Crab and Corn Soup
Steamed Mussels
Entrees
Double-Cut Pork Chop
Redfish on the Half Shell
Chicken Roasted Under a Brick
*Roasted Duck Breast
Sides
Melanzane
Caramelized Onion Mashed Potatoes
Brussel Sprouts
*The only dish that didn't shine as brightly as the others was the duck.Banana pecan pancakes were good. Alligator sausage was interesting. It was my first time trying it. Real small quaint place with good food.This restaurant is in a quaint little area. Nice and clean with a friendly staff. The food is amazingly seasoned and delicious. I highly recommend them, you will not be disappointed!My friend and I drove down to New Orleans from Atlanta. We were rescuing a dog and cat the following day so we were only staying one night. It was a long drive and a bit stressful anticipating getting the pets, but I wanted to make sure that we had a nice dinner. I always read the reviews on Yelp and the comments for Dante's Kitchen convinced me this would be the perfect place for a lovely dinner. And it was! We ate outside on the patio, had a wonderful waiter and a delicious meal. My friend ordered the Arugula and Heirloom Beet Salad to start and it was a winner! I had a a yummy salad with tomatoes and onions (I can't remember what else was in it) and it was also delicious. For my entree, I had the Chicken Roasted Under a Brick, maple glazed, with a potato and bacon hash cake, topped with a fried farm egg. And for dessert we shared a Ricotta Cheesecake. The food was fabulous, the atmosphere was relaxing and the service was outstanding. It's off the beaten path which was perfect. We enjoyed every bit of our evening at Dante's and I'd go back in a minute.Wonderful experience. Food was uniquely prepared. Had several apps, with the shrimp and grits and escargot/bone marrow being standouts. 
Everyone loved the chicken under a brick.Brunch is amazing!!! Price is very reasonable too. I have only gone there for dinner one time a long time ago, so I don't remember the experience. However, I will definitely go back for dinner just to try it out again. Service is average. We went there for brunch right around when they are open so the wait was not bad, but I can see that it will be quite a long wait if going there a little later. I will definitely go back again!I guess they need to work on their consistency here.  I read other reviews saying how great this place was and some reviews that point out some major negatives.  I agree with the reviewer in saying that I was confused by the experience.   I had the chicken on a brick and I thought it was too spicy. The chicken comes with an egg that was sunny side up with a very soft yolk and even the white was runny. I detest runny eggs so I asked to have my egg cooked longer. I was told that "the chef will not cook the egg any more than this because it is supposed to make a sauce".   This tells me that either the chef is so arrogant that his vision is more important than giving the customer what they want (and paid for), or the waiter just didn't want to deal with me.   
I also didn't like their wine selection.  There were only 6 whites and 6 reds by the glass and they were pretty obscure grapes, ones I didn't know so I wanted wine but couldn't find one I liked.   
Agree with an earlier reviewer that said the Brussel sprouts were soggy.     
Positives are: that cornbread starter is excellent and I really liked the punch.  My husband ordered the pork, that was very well prepared. 
I guess it depends on what you order and whom your server is if you have a good experience here, but I wouldn't go back because I don't want to insult the chef with a request for a fully cooked egg.Holy Moly this place was amazing!!!!!  Hands down the best dinner in NOLA.  The Chicken Under the Brick was friggin delicious - the best chicken I have ever eaten - EVER and it wasn't even fried.  The Shrimp and Grits were amazing along with the mussels.  I loved loved loved this place.
Romantic ambience, great food, southern hospitality = 5 stars!We were greeted and seated immediately. Our tall bearded waiter was kind of a jerk. Barely answering questions and offering no advice when asked for it. The food was mostly very good . We were told the gumbo we ordered was not ready yet at 7:00, but fish was well cooked and the oyster stew was tasty. Dessert was great and wine was very reasonably pricedDisappointed.  It was not that great.  We had the pork and redfish.  Redfish was dry and for the cost, totally not worth it. Pork was also dry and pairing it up with a pancake was weird.   Other small plates are just okay-- nothing special and def not 4.5/5 stars.Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  
Dante's Kitchen is located in an older home that been fixed up and painted and decorated in an unusual motif.  Our dining room was painted a deep red.  The bar area featured lighting fixtures made of old glass jugs.  
Our service was wonderful.  We started with the shrimp and grits.  I wasn't a fan of the andouille red eye gravy.  I had the Chicken Roasted Under a Brick.  I thought the maple glaze overwhelmed the flavor of this dish.  The chicken itself was very moist and tender.  The hash and egg was good.  Not a fan of the redfish.  The brussels sprouts were delivered to our table at the end of our meal and we had too much food and couldn't finish them.  They weren't that good anyway.  I ate the rest of my chicken a couple of nights later as a snack and it was pretty good.  Maybe the maple glaze had calmed down by then.  
Maybe I should have ordered something else.This place was about a 15 minute drive outside of the touristy French Quarters area. Fortunately we had a car rental but for those without a car, it's worth the cab fare! My significant other ordered the Debris with Scrambled Eggs (on the menu as Poached Eggs) and I ordered the Eggs Benedict. Both dishes were spectacular and was perfect to the tee. (Warning: It's somewhat on the heavier side, so brace yourselves!). The establishment definitely gave this city slicker a good insight to how good and comforting southern food can be! Also, not to take away from some of the establishments within and around the French Quarters, but dining here just gave off a way more authentic feel since it was tucked away in a predominately residential area.This meal was amazing, hands down my favorite meal of recent months. I loved almost everything I ordered. Cocktails were fabulous. "Absinthe" (we weren't convinced it was actual absinthe, it just tasted like pastis to all of us including the one of us who believes he's had actual absinthe before) was fun. I had the chicken roasted under a brick, but my favorite was probably the bone marrow plated with escargot we had as appetizer. I only wish I had written a review right after I ate here so I'd have a clearer memory of what I got and what it was like.Great dinner food fresh and delicious. Server friendly, helpful. So happy to enjoy this restaurant again.  Worth the trip  will certainly returnA group of us had the escargot, beef heart, and ox tail for appetizers. Everything was incredible, melt in your mouth delicious. My main meal was the chicken cooked under a brick, which I must say was the best (or at least up there) chicken I've ever had. The sauce was amazing, the chicken was cooked perfectly, and the presentation was top notch. 
Our waiter was great and very helpful. The Long Islands were just what I expected. and we didn't have to wait at all for a table (no reservation). My ONLY negative experience was that the drinks took a little longer than expected to make and serve, but honestly the overall experience was so great that it didn't bother anyone. I would certainly come back here again.We were visiting from DC and wanted to get authentic NOLA food. So glad we chose this place. We sat outside. The patio is really nice and the server was very attentive and friendly. He suggested we get the burrito to split which was a good idea because we definitely would not have been able to handle two burritos. We got one burrito, and one order of the banana pecan pancakes. Probably the best pancakes I've had in a minute. My only complaint is that the drinks were watered down and the woman who was inside when we first walked in was not friendly at all. We were the first ones there and we probably stood there for a bout 2minutes before she acknowledged us. Anyway, the food is amazing and I would suggest everyone go there.This was my first taste of New Orleans food on my first trip to the city.  I chose this place based on the reviews, and it did not disappoint.  
Again, based on the reviews, I started with the shrimp and grits.  This is one of my all-time favorite dishes, and I've tried them all over, including Savannah and Charleston.  The shrimp and grits at Dante's are flat-out the best I've ever had.  The grits are unbelievably creamy and they come topped with three huge shrimp (with the heads still on).  The seasoning on the shrimp was out of this world and the andouille gravy in the grits was delicious.  Get them.
I also ordered the "redfish on the half shell."  I was half a redfish filet topped with a crab and mint (?) mixture.  The fish was cooked perfectly, but lacked the Cajun punch I was hoping for.  The crab was cold, which was also a little disappointing.
Lastly, the server brought out a complimentary pan of molasses spooncake.  I'd read about it in the reviews and was looking forward to it.  It was absolutely delicious.  It's like a sweet, moist cornbread (minus the corn) topped with honey butter.  It comes out piping hot, brought to you in the little cast iron skillet it was cooked in.  A very unique and unforgettable side/dessert.
Go there for the shrimp and grits and the spooncake.  They're phenomenal.  The redfish left a little to be desired and it was pricey (spent $50 for myself only), but I would go back in a heartbeat.Wonderful, wonderful meal.  Just spent three days in New Orleans and, by far, this was the best meal I had in the city.  Granted, I have a very mild palate, so a lot of the spicy food did not appeal to me in general, but this was a top notch meal.  I had the chicken roasted under a brick and it was amazing.  It came on the bone, which I normally despise.  However, it was cut in such a way that it was easy to just eat meat while fiddling with the bone.  I don't know exactly how they cook it under a brick (I asked to have the brick, but they said it cost extra ;) ), but it turned out beautifully. I anticipated the egg and hash to give it a breakfasty feel...but it didn't.  It was ideal for dinner.  The only thing I did not like was the corn and peas with bacon side dish that I got.  It was a bit dense and smoky for my taste.  That notwithstanding, I highly recommend this restaurant if you're headed to New Orleans and looking for original cuisine.Go here.   
Went with two friends for brunch and we loved it.  Whatever you do, get the Bacon Praline Cinnamon Sticky Buns.  Heaven.  I also had the debris and poached eggs which I could recommend and the alligator sausage was tasty as well.  My buds had the shrimp & grits and thoroughly enjoyed it (the shrimp were huge...I guess that's a thing in new orleans?) with the brunch beer they offered from New Zealand.  I will definitely be going back next time I'm in the city!Went during jazzfest to be away from the crowds. We got the redfish, Brussels, green beans, cheeseboard, lemon tart, chicken under brick and duck (4 people). Plus amazing dessert drink and complimentary molasses cornbread to start. All fantastic, wonderful service, great ambiance. We will return!One of the best meals I've had this year. The Chicken Under a Brick and Double Cut Pork Chops were outstanding, and all of the desserts were delicious as well. We dined at Antoine's, Galatoire's, and K-Pauls earlier in the week, and Dante's was at least the equal of every one of these. One little gripe...the bar area was very small and the bartender somewhat grumpy, but it's a small price to pay for a great meal.I found Dante's kitchen mentioned on a blog, after searching for farm to table restaurants in New Orleans. It's a bit of a hike from downtown, but well worth the trip, especially if you take St. Charles past Tulane and all the gorgeous homes along that stretch. But I digress. 
Drinks: definitely try their house-distilled spirits. I had the peanut bourbon and she had the coconut. Both were outstanding. We also did the absynth drip after dinner, which was really fun and sent us on our way with a great buzz. And it definitely created either intrigue or drink envy from the people around us! 
Apps: seared scallops. I loved them, cooked rare with just a slight sear and delicious flavoring around them. So fresh and perfect they could i'm sure be eaten as sushi. My girlfriend wasn't wild about how rare they were on the inside, with a temperature somewhere between cold & lukewarm. So depending on your preferences there you could love them or not, or ask for a longer sear. 
Entrees: I had what seems to be their most popular dish (but they were quick to point out that it's not their signature dish) in the chicken under a brick. I read lots of great reviews on it, and it definitely lived up to the hype, with a gorgeous piece of chicken on the bone, covered in a rich maple sauce and a potato cake with a fried egg over it on the side. Absolutely delicious. My girlfriend got the seafood stew. She liked it, but didn't love it. I think the dirty style sauce kind of overwhelmed the flavor of the seafood. 
Dessert: chocolate pudding. One word, amazing. 
This was a really fun and intimate dining experience, and one of the best we had in New Orleans. Go there if you're looking for something different in NoLa.Excellent service and food.  4 of us ate hear for coolinary (yes, I'm late with the review).  I've been wanting to return ever since.  A lot of the food is cruelty free and organic.  That's important to me.  The portions are enough that you are full or have leftovers to take home.  I appreciate that.  I hate to leave hungry because the portions are so small you need to order desert.  We had pork chop and the yellow curry fish.  Both delicious.Went there for brunch recently and anxious to go back. I got the tamales (off menu) - so good. Hoping they are part of the permanent menu SOON.my husband and i ate here when we were in town (my first visit to NOLA) because of all of the great reviews we read here.  we were both very glad we did!
the spoon bread was ok - if not for the maple syrup/butter combo, it would've been a little bland.
the chicken cooked under a brick was out of this world, seriously.  we've never had anything like it - savory, sweet, tender, juicy...perfect.  
our waiter suggested we try the grits so we did.  we live in the south, we've had our fair share of grits.  the grits at dante's were, hands down, the best we've ever had.  EVER.  cooked and seasoned to absolute perfection, super creamy, flat out delicious.  don't miss this.
i can't even remember what i had for dessert - something with meyer lemons - it was good, i remember that much - but i was so blown away by the chicken and the grits that everything else was a blur.Dante's was the best dining experience I have had in a very long time. The place is quaint and inviting. We had a large party so had a private room. Our waiter was friendly, fun and engaging. The food was soooooo amazing! The fried green tomatoes were ridiculously tasty, the creole tomato salad to die for with beefy tomatoes and delicious grilled cheese. Wine recommendation was on point. You can't go wrong here.Well worth the wait! We went for brunch on Sunday and while the wait was 40 minutes we sat on the quaint porch area with mimosas that rival all mimosas. Dante's is quirky, eclectic, casual. I loved it. Each room has it's own flavor. We ordered the homemade bisquits, I ordered the shrimp and grits with a side of hashbrowns(breakfast potatoes) and there was a constant party in my mouth. The service left something to be desired, but i didn't care because the rest of the experience was so authentic new orleans.The best shrimp and grits in town! Done just do it. The cocktails are on point! The server was extremely warm and wonderful. The colors on the walls are bright and welcoming.  I will be going back every time I'm in NoLa!Incredible food. Ordered the pork tacos and they were delicious!  The bartender makes a mean iced Irish coffee as well. Great atmosphere, highly recommend!Always good. The brandy milk punch is one of my favorite drinks in New Orleans, and a great addition to any brunch. We got there as they were opening at 10:30, and a long line was already forming. Despite this, our party of four was seated promptly, and well fed and out the door within an hour.Had an excellent meal here.  Service was spot-on.  Do not miss the "chicken under a brick" dish!My friend brought me here on my visit to NOLA - my favorite thing to eat for breakfast is a simplified Eggs Benedict...
So I ordered a side of poached eggs & the biscuits, which came with homemade butter and homemade fig jam...
I just about died happy. Fantastic.
& like others have said, the place is adorable, in a little converted house.Cool atmosphere, the service was great. We ordered the Escargot, Redfish with Crab & Citrus Salad , & the Crispy Confit Pork Steak. One of the best pork steaks I've had in the city.  The courtyard is nice, as well the small, but intimate interior dining area. No need to go on about it, this place is worth the trip.Great food, good service, cool ambiance.  Our server was very friendly, professional, and attentive.  The complimentary molasses spoon bread is seriously delicious. Wide selection of drinks and fancy cocktails. Don't discount the punch! In my mind punch is synonymous to jungle juice from the college days, but this was way more sophisticated.  They make a different concoction daily - ask about it! Steamed mussels were decent. Shrimp and grits were super creamy and rich. Not sure how it compares to others in the area, but it was pretty satisfying in my opinion. Fish on the half shell tasted fresh and clean and prepared well.  We greatly enjoyed the warm, cozy feel of this restaurant with the low lighting and separate rooms. It must have been a residence in its former life.  It was a little too cold to sit outside, but the courtyard/patio seating looks very inviting as well. Definitely recommend for a nice, romantic date or even a group.This should be our favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Everything we ate was a culinary masterpiece. The fusion of delicate flavors inspired meditative silence! Dante's has the best food in town! Then why just five stars? There are two very important aspects of our dining experience Dante's must fix. First, the bar is truly an after thought. My husband ordered a rum and coke and the waiter (they had no bartender) didn't know how to make it properly. Then they end up charging us over 10 bucks for the rum and a few bucks for the coke! There is nothing worse that an over priced bad drink! Secondly, we had to sit in front of that same bar because they were not using a perfectly nice side room though it was a crowded Friday night. The seating in this space between the front door and bar was uncomfortably snug and didn't feel like it should be used at all. Please fix this Dante's Kitchen! We want to make you our favorite restaurant.Fantastic location -  just take the street car and stroll a couple of blocks to find it.
Amazing food - locally grown focus and well thought out innovative dishes but also strong classic dishes that make your mouth water 
Original drinks - try one of their own concoctions to tantalize your tastebuds
Friendly, relaxed atmosphere. 
I'd go again in a heartbeat.Food was ok, service was terrible. Way too understaffed. Two tables sat after us, ate, and received their check before we got our food. Their $3 side of fruit was comprised of 5 little grapes, two itty bitty cubes of watermelon and 1/16 of an orange.... seriously.Food is pretty damn good! Servers could be better though. Everyone seems kinda lost working there. Bloody Mary's are amazing. I had the crab and Brie which was kinda short on the Brie side. Alligator sausage with pepper jelly is to die for!!Great food with local ingredients done up in unique ways. I would have given it 5 stars had it not been for the leaky a/c vent over our table and lack of bathroom space (only ONE bathroom).  Parking can also be a challenge if you're not familiar with the area.Sit back and have a drink with friends on the porch while you wait for a table for Sunday Brunch.  The food never disappoints and the staff, in my experience, is very knowledgeable of the menu.
If you have a group share the giant bacon cinnamon bun!Huge disappointment! We've been here before and we're blown away. So decided to bring some friends here & were completely embarrassed. First off,  after drinks were ordered, it took at least 30 minutes after we were seated. Mind you, there were only 3 other tables occupied when we arrived. We ordered drinks again after our appetizers, and drinks were delivered 30 minutes later, when we were almost done with our entrees. We all ordered the red fish topped with crabmeat. We all received the smallest redfish known to man with maybe a half teaspoon of crabmeat-pitiful. We won't be back.This place is amazing - the people, the food, the bar mixology. We were here for brunch - skip the local tourist place close by and really enjoy an awesome local experience.Delicious! One of the best brunch meals we've ever had! I got the steak and eggs, fiancé got a pork dish, our friends got a pork tenderloin special. Everything was fresh and service was great. The mimosas were tasty as well. Will go back next time we are in town.Prior to Katrina, this was *the* place I'd go to for Sunday brunch. They have a HEAVENLY HASH dish that's awesome and the EGGS BENEDICT was fantastic. I don't know if they're open now but if they are, you've got to go.
They have a fantastic sunny patio with all kinds of plants so you feel like you're in someone's backyard. The service is friendly and attentive but you may have to wait a little while if you come primetime for brunch. 
Ahhhh.... to be in that patio with a mimosa right now!The best duck that I have ever eaten.  It is delicious!One of my New Orleans favorites. Brunch or dinner. Progressive takes on southern cuisine. Low key they have an amazing bar program-get the punch!!We held a corporate dinner here for a party of fifteen in a room by itself and was a huge success during a busy conference event!Always good food. Creative menu with New Orleans flair and wonderful cocktails. Recommend the fish dishes or chicken under a brick or the trio of steaks. Make sure you try some of the interesting and delicious appetizers too.I need another star for this place because 5 just doesn't do it. Dante's Kitchen was one of the best meals we have had anywhere, ever. Read my reviews and you know I do not say that lightly. Everything was perfection, starting with the cocktails unique to Dante's, served in the outdoor garden on a beautiful February evening. We ordered three appetizers for four people. The shrimp and grits, a southern staple, was superb - the grits the creamiest ever, the shrimp in tangy bbq sauce. we tried several other shrimp-and-grits while in NOLA this trip and none came close to Dante's. The cheese plate was top notch. The mussels yummy. We almost didn't care if our entree's arrived because we were loving these apps so much.  
Two of us ordered the tres mignon and two the chicken under a brick. I have never had better of either - both prepared perfectly. The chicken soooo moist.  Each of the three mignon's prepared flawlessly.
For dessert we had the ultimate chocolate (might've been TOO rich - is that even a thing?) and the deconstructed key lime pie with homemade graham crackers. The only complaint is that the recipients wanted twice as many graham crackers because the custard was so good.
Dante's Kitchen is uptown and it took us about 40 minutes to get there by cab from downtown, so plan accordingly. Our server didn't love her job, wasn't that friendly or enthusiastic, but the food and overall ambiance was worth the experience for this caliber of a meal.Went for dinner on Jazz fest weekend: Food was great! I particularly loved the shrimp and grits and chicken under a brick. The strawberry bread pudding was excellent! But probably the best part of the night was the amazing service. Luis was our waiter and he provided service on par with Michelin star restaurants. Quite superb.We had a great meal here with a great group of friends.  The foundation of the meals greatness had more to do with the service, company and ambiance than food however.
It was our last meal in town and by this time my vegetarian diet was completely in ruins.  I ate the collard greens (with sausage).  I had better w/o sausage at the Fest.  I tried a bite of the "medium rare" pork loin- it was dry- a pity.  My fish (almondine) was OK.  Others liked their different fish dishes.  The molten cake with port ice cream was fabulous.  The beer selection sad.
It was refreshing to be served by bright eyed college types in a nice garden atmosphere.while the food was good enough, the service was seriously lacking. we were really looking forward to this dinner for our first night in New Orleans and it turned out to be the worst by far. our server was totally detached, socializing with a friend at another table almost the whole time we were there and just seemed uncomfortable in general. I had the red fish, which was excellent, but it came with a salad of mint and dill that was not a match at all. my boyfriend had the duck, which was also excellent but again, the service just took the whole experience way down for us. we had the butterscotch pudding with salted whipped cream for dessert and it was not good. actually tasted like caramel, not even remotely butterscotch, and eaten alone, the whipped cream was completely over whipped to the point of tasting like butter. of all the great options in New Orleans, this isn't worth the money at all. we ate at commanders palace and arnaud's for less and the service was impeccable! the atmosphere is also confused. trying to be traditional/hipster/country garden all at the same time. it just doesn't work.Very welcoming staff.  The host recommended a fantastic 2000 Valipocella  to enjoy while we waited for our table -15 minutes.  
Food was awesome!  Whole speckled trout, beans with beats and  bacon, with cornbread. Great salad for first course.  Damn that food good!
Good for date or business dinner with right client (not for your Morton's guy).  Also think this space is more conducive to smaller groups 2- 6.
I was impressed our waitress knows her way around the wine list and recommended a nice 2nd bottle from Spain that really complimented our dinner. I will be back!If you need a break from the madness of the French Quarter, Dante's Kitchen is the perfect antidote.  It's also a good excuse to take a slow ride on the St. Charles streetcar line - pay your $1.25 and hop on one of the vintage streetcars just south of the French Quarter.  You'll catch the sights and work up a good appetite as the streetcar lumbers along at maybe 10 MPH.  Jump off at the S. Carrolton / Maple St. stop, then walk northwest on Maple a couple short blocks.  When you get to Dante St., the restaurant will be a short jog left, on the far side of the street in what is surely an old house.
The restaurant is as cozy as can be - dimly lit and a nice choice for a couple's night out.  We were seated in what looked like an old sunroom across from the bar.  The server arrived quickly to take our drink order.  There were some nice craft beers on tap, including Mikkeler Evil Twin, as well as some refreshing iced tea.  As we waited, we marveled at what looked like jars of homemade canned vegetables, lined up in a shelf over our heads.  
The meal starts out with a complimentary serving of what they call spoonbread - a luxurious take on the humble cornbread, served in a mini skillet.  Very tasty.  I ordered the charcuterie, which I customized by ordering the kinds of meat I wanted.  Everything was homemade and very good.  I then went for one of the small plates, a Vietnamese inspired dish called Thit Kho with braised pork belly.  I was stoked about the fresh, vibrant flavor, and the portion size was more than fair for a "small plate".
I'm glad I went small, because my companion ordered the double cut pork chop, which was very generously sized and more than the average person could finish, in my opinion.  The large cut worked out to my benefit as I happily gobbled down the excess.  I also sampled my companion's brussels sprouts, which I generally loathe, but these were actually pretty good.  Unless you have a huge appetite, I think a good strategy for Dante's is to order one main course to share and a couple small plates or sides.  I saw other diners boxing up their leftovers to take home, which is another good option.  I doubt you'll leave Dante's hungry.
If you found the streetcar ride intolerably slow, a taxi will get you back to the French  Quarter much faster for around $15.  Ask the restaurant to call one for you.I love love love this restaurant!
Went to Dante's New Year's Day with a date that was in from out of town.  His first 2 picks were closed so I suggested Dante's.  Neal, the manager, was awesome!  We didn't have reservations, but he worked things out for us anyway.  Bless him for it!
Cozy table in the first room, watched the bartender artiste, & listened to quiet classic rock.  Date was already thrilled....and then we saw the menu!
Holy cow!  I love that it changes, the "No cell phones & diets" request is perfect!  We went nuts: shrimp & grits (almost too gorgeous to eat, but we gave in!), pork steak w/ collard greens (no need for a knife-heaven!) & trois mignons (delicious, savory, perfect!)!  Mexican chocolate cup for desert...nectar of the gods!
So not only was the meal A-mazing! It was the best first date ever, nothing like fantastic food & ambiance to get the ball rolling.
So...Dante's...do you do wedding receptions?!?Every year I spend the Independence Day holiday in New Orleans with a group of my girls, this year was no different. Though, when the excursions to New Orleans for this exciting weekend began in 2004, there was more partying and less relaxing and enjoying the local scene. The weekend always is centered around a great event that Essence Magazine hosts every year, the Essence Music Festival. Now that we have been there and done the crazy parties, this year we decided to change it up. Don't get me wrong we are up for a party if we feel the need. What I mean, is we finally got tired of doing the Essence Music Festival the same year every year. We would do the same things, eat the same things and hang out in the same areas.
This year we decided, to skip the parties and focus on enjoying New Orleans. Rather than getting our beignets from Cafe Du Monde in a bag to go; we sat down and enjoyed them and enjoyed the music and the crowd.
And the main change that we made was to dedicate an evening to leave the city center and enjoy a great dinner. After doing a little research on yelp.com. I stumbled upon this little restaurant in the Garden District called Dante's Kitchen.
Dante's Kitchen is a quaint restaurant situated on what appears to be a neighborhood street, in the Garden District of New Orleans, not too far from Tulane University, 736 Dante St
New Orleans, LA 70118. The night that we had reservations for, was completely booked, we were seated by the door and could hear the owner/host telling the walk ins that he couldn't accommodate them...great sign for us. So I started with a mojito, hey I'm in NOLA! But rather than a traditional mojito, I had a blueberry variation, that was delicious.
Dante's service is great, our waiter made great suggestions for us. I started with the Grilled Shrimp and Stoneground Grits. I had had shrimp with the heads on, so that didn't turn me off at all, and the grits were perfect. So perfect I cooked my own version of a recipe I found on line when I returned home, check out my handy work. In the typical southern fashion, Dante's serves cornbread in a miniature cast iron skillet. But in not so typical fashion the cornbread is a molasses cornbread with honey butter on top. In a word...YUM!! In fact the couple next to us didn't eat theirs and we overheard the owner asking about it, and we said, if they don't want it we will take it. He thought we were joking.
Next for the entree, we decided to get the Roasted Chicken Under a Brick, it was served with a potato hash, with a fried egg. This entree was delicious, the chicken had some sort of sweet seasoning, and when I broke the yoke on the egg, it mixed with the chicken jus and made a great sauce. The potatoes had a little bit of bacon, added to it. everything went together very well. I was apprehensive of the egg, but it worked. And as you can see the portions are not skimpy, but quality is not sacrificed for quantity.
Dante's prides themselves on cooking local products, and so not only is the food down home elegance, so is their hospitality. The owner/host had the cab called and walked us to our cab at the end of the evening. What a great night.
The weekend was about, music, family, friendships, food, and FUN, if you are up for it we will be in NOLA next year, same time same place, new restaurant visits.
Taste big Dream Bigger
FoodieengineerFood was just okay. I started with the biscuits, the mango and passion fruit jam was delicious. I am SMUCKERS Strawberry Preserve kinda girl, and I was pleasantly surprised by how good the jam was. For my main course I got the carnitas burrito, it was flavorful and eggs were cooked well, but it was just meh. I wouldn't tell my mom to try it when she comes down to visit. Service was pretty par. This was my first time visiting Dante's, the coffee was room temp. The server was constantly checking on his other tables but hardly ever came to ours. He freely brought refills to other tables, but I had to ask for mine. He was helpful with the menu selections but overall did not meet the service standard other NOLA restaurants have.90% local ingredients.
The bloody Mary's were great with a lot of horseradish. I loved the gravlox on a biscuit. The bacon cinnamon roll was amazing. Could have eaten the whole thing but glad I didn't. 
Would love to come back and try the rest of the menu.Went last night on a slow Monday night.  The food was solid but the service was a bit uneven given the slow pace to start the night.  I'll set the scene:
Part right out front on a narrow neighborhood street.  Walk in the restaurant and stand there for two minutes while the bartender, waiters, and the like buzz around.  Finally, after ambling over to where I think the hostess stand is, somebody offers to help me.  I get seated inside (choice of light or dark) and begin the waiting game.  
It's NOLA and it's a laid back town (I've lived in laid back locales like Hawaii & San Diego so I get it), but when folks get there spoon bread who were sat after I ordered, I have to speak up.
My escargot cherry got squeezed here, dug into a trench of bone marrow and well done bread.  The shrimp and grits was solid but not epic (no Hominy Grill in Charleston, SC).  The brussel sprouts were a bit disappointing - the croutons seemed out of place and they were not well balanced with the rest of the ingredients in the dish.
My server was a friendly, Seth Rogan doppelganger sort who seemed awfully friendly but I did not get many chances to converse with the fine gentleman.  I'd come back but I think there are many other small bungalow style places equal to the charm of Dante's Kitchen in NOLA.Gosh.  5+ stars.  I was on vacation when my girlfriend and I went here, and I would recommend it to my friends if they were traveling to Nola hands down.
We started with the shrimp and grits which was a-maz-ing.  Somewhat buttery grits with shrimp that were absolutely perfect.  A wonderful start to a perfect meal.
Secondly, the spoon bread which they give you is like a molasses tasting bread with corn bread consistency.  It is on the house, and one of the best house-bread I have ever had.
For the main course, I had the brick chicken, which was about the best baked chicken I have ever had.  Nice citrusy fatty crunch to it which was great.  My significant other had a red snapper with a type of very fun salad.
Needless to say, if we are in the area again, we will be there!I must have come on a bad day because I was very disappointed. I had heard about Dante's kitchen for a long time and have wanted to try it for a long time. Here's a list of disappointments:
1. My omelet had fresh crab...and lots of tiny pieces of shell. I was picking them out of my mouth constantly.
2. I asked for no onions on said omelet and got onions.
2.5 The omelet was cold. (No, I am not just being a b!tch, all these things really were wrong with the omelet!)
3. The blood orange mimosa (at $9, or $1 more than the regular orange juice mimosa) contained basically no blood orange juice. I was pondering why I paid that extra $1 for a teaspoon of juice.
4. A cinnamon bun mysteriously appeared on our table. We were wondering if it was the restaurant's version of a bread basket. As we contemplated whether to dig in, it was taken away since it was for another table.
5. My friend ordered hash browns and got grits. He had ordered the beef tenderloin (filet mignon) and the pieces were tiny, just a couple bites, though this was not totally unexpected at the price.
6. They have an unusual practice (for brunch) of pricing their entrees with no sides. Sides must be ordered separately, at ~$3 each (e.g. a muffin). Entree prices are around $10-$12 and with those $9 "blood orange" mimosas and a $3 side, it adds up.
Just based on all the crab shell in my omelet, never again!We were vacationing in New Orleans for a few days and we were planning on going to Jacques-Imo's for dinner on Wednesday, 8/8/12, but they were closed for what looked like renovations. Someone walking by Jacques-Imo's saw our depressed faces and recommended we go to Dante's Kitchen. So we headed on down that way while my brother checked Yelp to see the reviews of Dante's. The reviews looked good so we took a chance and we were so glad we did.
Dante's Kitchen is in an cute little house with intimate lighting and homey decor. It's kind of hidden, honestly if we drove by and weren't looking for it, we might not have noticed it. 
There were three of us and we shared:
Appetizer- scallops and the duck crepe
Main course- brick chicken and the 3 medallion filet mignons
Dessert- blueberry rice waffle and buttermilk pie
Every thing was absolutely delicious. Our favorites were the duck crepe and the buttermilk pie, but everything was so amazing. The meals are definitely big enough to share. I have already recommended this place to anyone that will listen. Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll definitely be coming back.I've been here for brunch 3 or 4 times. Let me tell you one thing - get there early (there are no reservations at brunch) and order the Bacon Praline Cinnamon Sticky Buns. You will not be disappointed.
For this past Easter/my birthday we were seated around 11:30 - it opens at 10:30 - and promptly ordered three Sticky Buns. One hour after opening they only had one left. ONE HOUR.
Other items I've tried:
Steak and Eggs ($12.50) grilled tenderloin with poached eggs topped with a bernaise sauce and served over hash browns 
BLT&E ($10.5) crisp pork belly, arugula, and local tomato with a fried egg
Roasted Banana Pecan Pancakes ($9) with Smith Creamery butter and cane syrup 
The first time I got the BLT&E the pork belly was more like bacon/ham. The second time it was a big slap of belly. The Steak and Eggs are to die for. I suggest each member of your party eating a Sticky Bun then splitting a main dish. Or you can just bring the sticky bun home and eat if after your food induced coma.This is easily one of the best restaurants in Uptown. My wife and I have come here a couple of times, most recently for Valentine's Day, and we are never disappointed. They serve an amazing spoon bread and I highly recommend the shrimp and grits. The bartenders are quite good as well, as the most recent visit had me try a gin cocktail that had this gin non-fan impressed.Consistently excellent food and service.  We have mostly eaten breakfast here, but recently had dinner.  I ordered some "small plates", every bite of which was pure heaven.  Crab and corn soup, a salad wedge (half a head of butter leaf lettuce with bacon bits and blue cheese dressing), and grits with shrimp.  We shared an order of scallops between 3 people and had to take some of it home.  Our experience here over the last ten years has been nothing but great.I was sadly disappointed tonight.  On previous trips, the meal was absolutely perfect. Tonight, we left with much to be desired. The service was decent, but the food was almost inedible.  We had the Chicken Under a Brick.  It was so spicy that we could not finish it.  The egg was overcooked, and the potatoes were undercooked.  I was embarrassed that I recommended this place to my friends. Such a disappointment.  Hopefully, tonight was an off night.I visited this place over the Thanksgiving holiday with a few friends, and it was phenomenal!  The decor makes you feel as if you are in an actual kitchen....down to the dishrags as napkins.  The atmosphere was very inviting and cozy.  We began with the prosciutto appetizer, and of course it was delicious.  I had the maple glazed chicken...came with a bacon and potato cake covered with a perfectly cooked egg.  The yolk broke over the potato cake like a smooth flowing sauce.  If you want a great dining experience, definitely try Dante's. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  Recommendations are highly suggested.My wife and I had dinner at Dante's Kitchen on 11/15/13. We were there to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary, and this restaurant did not disappoint! I had the chicken under a brick, which was delicious. I rarely order chicken when eating out, but I was glad that I did this time. My wife had the drum, which was wonderful also.
If you are looking for a nice place that is a little bit away from the hustle of the French Quarter give Dante's a try.Beautiful outdoor seating area, friendly but not overbearing service.  My absolute favorite thing was the escargot served in a sauce of basil, vermouth and goat cheese.  I would go back again and again for that dish.  We also got the Heads and Tails, very cute name and very tasty dish (hogshead cheese and braised oxtails).  Beets and greens we ordered as sides were wonderful, simple but somehow unique.
Braised pork belly not as great as I had anticipated but the pork steak confit was even better.  Redfish served with soft herbs and crabmeat was delicate and lovely.  At first I thought the very pretty profusion of herbs would be over the top flavor-wise but it wasn't.  Too full for dessert although nothing really jumped out at me either.  One of my more memorable meals this year.Fun place in a cool spot. Food was overall fine. A bit salty but I think that's normal for the area as everything we had in the city was salty. We had gumbo followed by brick chicken and pork chop. both were overly sweet but good. I couldn't finish the chicken because the sweetness was too much.Dante's Kitchen definitely worth my while to wake up early took public transit from our hotel downtown to beat the crowd! We arrived before the restaurant opened and able to get a table with no problem!
Here I able to sample a few of New Orlean's classic that I hardly able to indulge when I am in Toronto... well seasoned Southern Comfort food!
We shared:
- Bacon Praline Cinnamon Sticky Buns ($4)
- Buttermilk Biscuits ($3)
- Confit Pork Steak with hash browns, fried egg, seasonal chutney ($13)
- Skillet Corned Beef Hash & fried eggs, horseradish cream ($13)
- Grilled Shrimp and Grits served with an andouille red eye gravy ($13)(oh so delicious!) 
- Alligator Sausage ($3) tastes like pork :)
And I found my favourite "breakfast" drink: Brandy Milk Punch ($6.50). I feel healthy and complete drinking this. I would have drink a lot more milk in this format and the freshly grounded nutmeg add so much texture make it feels like an energy drink!I'm not sure what the rave is all about with this chicken under the brick thing...  but I did not like it.  It was loaded with salt; and it was pretty much a half of a whole chicken--way too big; and I like my portions big.  I really liked my friend's red fish.  It was delish and perfectly cooked; did not taste like fish at all.  Service was good, but I took a hit with going with what everyone else was raving about here on Yelp...  not doing the chicken brick thang when I go back.Wow! A sunny day & Dante's Kitchen on the outside patio. A perfect combination!!
John was our server on the patio. Lackluster at best. Not an example for his coworkers to follow. In fact, he should take the lead from them in courtesy, promptness and politeness. 
I ordered the grilled banana pecan pancakes with a side of grits and ham steak. Oh, and a mimosa...of course!The most amazing meal we have ever had!!  Service was fantastic.  Started with the grits (off the hook) and a spicy tomato soup that was the best I have ever had.  Chicken under brick is an obligation.-the sauce and spices are continuous and wonderful.  Don't fill up on the bread, or you will miss the desserts. Peach and blueberry pie was complemented by cream cheese sorbet. Wine selection was good and very well priced . We had three drinks, two apps. Two vegetable sides, two entrees and two desserts for $127.  Should have been easily $200 anywhere else. We will be going back for brunch!!Excellent place for brunch!  Awesome Bloody Marys, with veggies grown in-house.  Everything we've had was absolutely delicious.  The latest version of Grilled shrimp and cheese grits are the bomb!We had the Shrimp & Grits followed by the Chicken and Crawfish. It was excellent!I'm not sure if their food is "Cajun/Creole", but my boyfriend and I had a great dinner. Their molasses cornbread is amazing!!!Overpriced, small menu, great grits but terrible bread pudding. I did not bookmark them and won't be returning.