I live in New Orleans and some friends decided to stay in the Quarter Sat night as a "staycation."  After an afternoon of wandering, stopping in for beverages here and there, we needed to eat something.  A while back one of the group had eaten at Dante Pizza and had "killer" french fries.  So we decided to go there.  However, the man working the place wasn't making fries (???) so we opted for a couple of pieces of pizza from the window, which he claimed were fresh.  They weren't.  It was awful and extremely overpriced.  If you really need something one evening, keep walking.  There will be a place down the street that has fresh food more reasonably priced.How the hellllll is this place still open ?!?! This place is more than just questionable, it's outdated, it honestly looks unsanitary. Wasn't my choice to come here, but I had a slice of pepperoni and there was absolutely NO flavor at all, I choose little Caesar's a million times over this place. Either shut this place down or it needs a major facelift.The service was pushy and the pizza tasted like it had been sitting out for hours to the brink of it almost being cold.  I would have hit up Ali Baba (which is right next door), if I could do it all again.This pizza had lived a long and sad life under unforgiving heat lamps. Relentless, like sun over the Sahara. Eat after drinking an unadvisable amount of liquor.This place is pretty hit or miss, and I think I had a miss day.
On the weekends it gets really loud and there may be a wait to get to a table. So beware.
The slices are huge but expensive. I always have pepperoni. When it's fresh the crust is slightly crispy with ooey gooey cheese. The first time I had it, it was the best pizza I've ever had. I don't eat pizza often. But with more trips the magic wore off. 
They do offer other menu items like friend chicken, jalepeno poppers, and meat pies. I haven't really tried them though.
I will still continue to go here, especially when I have a really good buzz. It's really good drunk food.ordered the pepperoni pizza and sadly to say not good. they keep there food under the hot lamp when you get in and they just grab the food from there so not really as hot. the bread was doughy. not much flavor in the sauce and lack of it. I would not recommend or go back.Why five stars for a random pizza joint in New Orleans? Honestly, it has so much less to do with the pizza than it does the guys who work there. Allow me to explain.
Okay, so after a few hours wondering around Bourbon Street, my friend and I were craving a pizza before heading back to our hotel. Literally stumbling onto Dante Pizza while looking for a slice, we walked in, waited our turn, and then ordered. They sell pizzas by the slice or whole pies if you're that drunk.  My friend ordered a slice of cheese which wasn't ready but they promised it would be done in 2 minutes. I got a slice of pepperoni and a Coke. Total for a slice and a coke was $7, which is high, but understandable given the area.
As we waited for my friend's pizza we noticed how kind the two guys behind the counter were to each and every person they waited on. How patient they were. Could you imagine serving pizza to drunk people day in and day out? How do you not snap? How do you deliver service with a smile? Honestly, I wish I had asked them both because they did.
Once the cheese was out they asked my friend if that is what he was waiting on. Upon confirmation they apologized for the wait and gave us our pizza.
The pizza itself is pretty decent. It's a little on the thicker side, definitely not NYC style if that's what you are looking for, but I enjoyed it. Again, I enjoyed watching these two guys skillfully master the art of drunk patrons more, but from now on this is my pizza place any time I'm back in New Orleans.The best pizza of NOLA. It was a nice surprise!
The flatbread was soft, they really know how to use the yeast, when you bite the flatbread you can immediately realize the maturation times of the yeast are perfect in this place. The tomato sauce and the cheese they use make an awesome combination, they put the right amount of pepper and oregano, the pepperoni is a high quality product.
They could try a longer oven bake time so the flatbread boarders will be a little bit more crunchy.
In summary: this guys really know to make ITALIAN pizza. Even if the place is not elegant, you will have the best pizza ever!Perfect crispy crust. Really good pizza. Would recommend. Bathroom only available to customers as per a hilarious homemade sign. Weird empty fish tanks under the counter.I'm drunk right now so I can't guarantee the accuracy if this review. Pizza is actually pretty good...drawback is that they skimp on the toppings. Perfect food at 4am.Went there after a night at Pat O'Briens. Pizza slice was GROSS and expensive!! The guy working there didn't look to happy to be there and I'm pretty sure he over charged us!! Don't go here!Really good pizza. If you ask for it fresh. 2 slices per pizza for. Whole pie. It only brings 6 slices. Price for cheese is $19.99. But it's so good!Really tasty and quality pizza in an area where mediocre food is in abundance. Surprisingly impressed.Cheese pizza was good but needed reheated in oven. Slice of pizza was $6 which is more than the pizza was worthThis is drunk pizza and it's exactly what you want. It is rather expensive ($48 for two pizzas) but what do you expect in the French Quarter? The decor is a little strange, with a TV in the counter, but with no sound or captions. There are two fish tanks as well, but when we were there they were both empty. It was a little weird.
The pizzas were cooked very quickly, and had a crisp crust and lots of melty, gooey cheese. They were topped with a few spices, which was a nice touch. Overall, we rather enjoyed the pizza and it met all of our needs.Amazing drunk food for sure, but not a lot of options, and a little pricey for what you get.
My friend ordered a slice of the pepperoni and sausage pizza, which was good and had lots of cheese, but at over $6/slice, not exactly a cheap eat, especially if you want more than one slice!
I had what was basically a slice of cheese pizza (with a ton of cheese!), a few dices of tomato, a couple of hidden chops of onion that I would have done without, and spinach and feta hiding under the hot, thick, molten blanket of cheese. It was really good, minus the onions, but again, the price was too steep. Most pizza by the slice joints go as high as $3/slice, and thats usually for a huge piece. These slices were moderately sized, and cost twice as much. I liked the slice I got, but I think if I need some drunken street food I might hit up a po boy for the same price some place else.Pizza is pretty good. But a 10 inch rat ran through the dinning room as we were eating!!!!I am only giving it one 1 star because I have to give it something. They should try cooking their pizza first! Completely under cooked!! 3 slices were $17.00. Maybe they should go to NYC and see how true pizza is done. I've bought $1.50 slices in NYC that put this place to shame. Good luck staying in business with pizza this bad. Thank god Mardi Gras is right now to give you customers.Don't ever go here! I Had a plain slice of pizza and my boyfriend ordered cheese sticks and pepperoni. I bit into something hard in my pizza and the cheese sticks and pepperoni were cold. Not to mention the marinara sauce for the cheese sticks were frozen. $5 for a slice of cold pizza isn't worth it even hammered drunk.Best slice of pizza outside of NYC. The owner is from Brooklyn so he knows what he's doing. People say it's expensive but it was worth every bite.stay away from this place. stop at a market and grab something there, you'll be better off.
We got a couple slices of the pepperoni pizza. It was all soft-cooked dough. The crust was doughy. It was tasteless.
The guy would only take cash.
The radio music playing was totally distorted.
Save your money.do you want to pay $12 for 2 big slices of shitty pizza? go here. see the flow chart:
ny pizza - digorino - ellio's - public school cafeteria pizza - this placeMake the right decision, go to Dante's. It's pretty much the best and only option. 
Yelp is making me write a longer review, so I'm going to list a few adjectives Dante's is synonymous with: Delicious. Wonderful. Mouth watering. Tasty. Cheesy. Perfect. Orgasmic.Super yummy! Best pizza anywhere near Bourbon! We have tried several other pizza by the slice places and this is the only one that was actually good pizza!This place wasn't that great. They claimed to have "New York" pizza when we walked in however their pizzas may only be delivered from an Ellios frozen pizza factory in NY, definitely not anywhere close to fresh New York style pizza and also overpriced at $5 a slice. I will say that the mozzarella sticks were ok but it unfortunately came with cold marinara sauce. I definitely have no intentions on coming back here.Are you drunk?  Do you want pizza that tastes GREAT when you're drunk???  Dantes Pizza....Fuck yeah!!  We went back for more!  
Dantes' Pizza.....when a Lucky Dog just won't cut it......Good pizza, open late, good prices,  fast and friendly service.  Not gourmet but great for late/ quick snack or meal.I was not drunk and I thought this pizza was really quite tasty.  Pizza is definitely not on my list of what to eat in NOLA but waiting for a jazz show to start and needed a quick bite and soda and this pizza was quick and really tasty!  Place was clean and we sat awhile and chilled before out show.   Better then a hot dog from Lucky and nowhere to sit.I had the best pizza slice I've ever had here.
And on my trip there for New Year's.
Right after the countdown on St. Charles.
We were hungry and stumbled upon this place.
Saw the huge neon sign beaming "Pizza".
Despite the grimy street, the run-down/fast-food look of the place, and the New Years drunkies.....the pizza was THE BEST.
I think it's the herbs and olive oil they spread on the crust while prepping. It's amazingly delicious. We got mushroom pepperoni pizza slice and for the first time, I truly thought "This is what pizza is supposed to taste like".
Back in LA, I have YET to find any pizza joint with mushroom/pep that tastes like it. I love you Dante Pizza Inc!Get the supreme pizza, slice or entire pie  - it is delicious!!  My husband has been a fan for years, and my first night here - I LOVE IT!!If it's late at night and you want a slice, Dante's is as good of a place as any in the quarter to get it. Earlier in the evening there are definitely better options but at 3am when you are starving, you'll be thankful that they are open.Dante's is a good, easy pop-in for a quick slice of 'za off of Bourbon. The pepperoni slice was good, not greasy. Service is fast. I like the flat screen and fish tank decor here- reminds me of something a place might do near Times Square in NYC. 
Sat here for a bit, as we finished our 'za, and in walks in the Devil himself, the Imp of Imps, Satan- to touch up his red makeup, and have a potty break. Satan was nice. And nobody at Dante's blinked an evil eye.
The owner came by our table and teased us for sitting there and playing Cards Against Humanity; but in the nicest of ways. At least I think he was kidding! ;)Best pizza outside of NYC!!  Or maybe I was just that drunk??  Or maybe both??  All I know is that I will never try Dante's sober so that I don't ruin my fond, fond memories of their yummy pizza!!Worst pizza I've ever eaten in my life. Only if you're completely drunk and don't care about any sense of quality would you eat here. Complete dump.Good drunk pizza right on Bourbon. Bathrooms are disgusting.
The pep and jalapeño pizza was pretty good, but $5.50 is pretty pricey for the small slices.This place rocks. Wow, finally a pizza I can appreciate. Really enjoy this location and taste.Honestly ive had microwave pizza that was better, the cheese sticks were cold. This place is awfulGood drunk pizza...no line at 12am
slightly overpriced but hey...it was worth it
plenty of vegetarian pizza options when we went
its much better than that jester's pizza option across the street :)On New Years Eve day, it was only place where there wasn't a  long line for lunch. It was so delicious. Great pizza and I highly recommend coming hereSo horrible. While I was drinking and roaming in NOLA in the French quarters area in the afternoon, I walked past this place thinking "when doesn't pizza sound like a good idea"... especially when you're drinking and need a snack! I guess if you are at this place it's a bad idea. The staff wasn't that friendly. The pizza tasted like it was made yesterday (maybe just earlier that day) and had been sitting in a warmer for hours upon hours until it withered away to some kind of "food" that was no longer edible. Highly disappointing for a quick grabbing slice. Go anywhere but here.Pretty good pizza, large slices.  Great place to stop in after romping up and down Bourbon street a while.  Great place to stop for some quick grub while your crew wait in line for jazz at preservation hallListen, drunk or not I literally thought this was the absolute best pizza I had ever had. Seriously. I don't remember the cost but I also didn't care! It seriously was the absolute best!
Also, it's cash only, no thank you! That's why I only gave it 4 stars. 
Also the pizza was so fresh it must have just came out. Idk how this place has bad reviews. I loved it. We housed our pizzas. We were sad we didn't get more to go. We were even talking about it the next day.I don't know from which concentric circle of the inferno these stale, cold, week-old, overpriced, served with a snarl triangles hail, but I guess the name is appropriate in any case.The pizza totally sucks and is way over priced. Maybe the worst restaurant in the French Quarter.Its ok, it did the job while we were waiting for our Ghost walking tour.
A slice of pizza to hold us over, Slices were good size, the pizza itself was so-so, the atmosphere was gross, and dirty. the guy helping us didnt seem happy to be there, but i wouldnt either if I had to work there, especially in the night shiftThis is a place that has provided a much needed greasy slice of pizza.  The cheese slice has a nice hefty layer of gooey cheese that hits the spot on a night of drinking on Bourbon.
The other meat selection slices are just as filling.  The walls are covered in boxing memorbilia from possibly the owner.  My favorite is the one of Muhammad Ali knocking out Sonny Liston.This place is the WORST. The pizza was terrible and the owner was a complete jerk. Other than that, I had an enjoyable experience at Dante Pizza.Bland, INCREDIBLY OVERPRICED PIZZA. $5.50 for ONE SLICE????? It's not even good pizza! For that ridiculous price it should taste like the best pizza on Earth. Even slices in New York cost less a lot less than $5 (try $2.50 - $3) and they taste wayyyyy better. Please, do yourself a huge favor: eat somewhere else. No wonder they only allow customers to use the restroom. They need some reason for people to buy their food. You can do a lot better for pizza in New Orleans / Louisiana.Although the pizza was good-not great the customer service was awful! I ordered two slices of pizza and asked for water. After paying for my food and water I notice the guy who ordered in front of me coming back to the counter and asking for a refill in his free water cup. I ask the guy at the counter why I had to pay for water bottles but the guy in front of me got free water. He said, "I did not specify what kind of water I wanted." I then proceeded to tell him how was I supposed to know you had different water options. It is not like he offered me anything but bottled. He just kept repeating the fact that I did not specify. I also had tipped the guy at the counter an additional five dollars when I was paying him. I felt like I got taken advantage of and although the manager came out to talk to us I felt nothing was resolved. I know its just water but its the principle of the matter.Best pizza in/around Bourbon street. I always frequent this place when I'm hungry after a night of drinking!This place has ruined all other pizza for me. If you've ever wondered if you'd ever find a pie that tastes as good as they looked in TMNT cartoons, here it is.My mother and I were craving pizza really badly. The first place we visited was a disgusting bust. Imagine our surprise when we found a really good pizza joint near bourbon street! The pizza is huge, delicious, and the guys who work there are so pleasant and eager to help tourists find their way around. It's alright priced, a 16 inch for about 25$ but the slices are huge and fill you up super fast!After drinking your face off on burbon street this place does the job. Greasy and cheesy you won't regret it.......until the morning. CASH ONLY!!!! Won't disappoint for drunk eats!!!!I ate here a couple of weeks ago after looking around NOLA for an easy pizza alternative. I enjoyed the pizza very much. I happened to time it while the selection appeared full and fresh. I was not disappointed. I will definitely return if I am in the area!It's cheap-ish street food to help soak up your morning alcohol binge so that you may continue your alcohol binge throughout the night. It's certainly not the best pizza in New Orleans, not even in the Quarter, but it'll help keep you from blacking out after too may Hurricanes and Big Ass Beers.Best pizza in NOLA and a great staff!!  Very welcoming and kind. Nice bathrooms too not too dirty which is a major plus!amazingly, not only
does this place only accept cash, their atm doesn't work. as aligned with the rest of NOLA, no one that works there knows what's going onDante pizza is heat. I just came off bourbon street and was in need of pizza. Dante is out here with the good pizza and the good people. I love you dante.Loved the pizza better then that on the Main Street. I had pepporroni and it tasted great. Staff was also friendly. Would recommend.My son loves pizza and after spending some time down at the aquarium, we were walking back our hotel when my son spotted this place.  So, we popped in.  My daughter and son both love pepperoni and cheese pizza, so we got a couple of slices for them and a drink.  Came out to around $11, which wasn't too bad.
We're from Long Island, were there are tons and tons of top notch pizza spots, so I certainly wasn't expecting super high quality.  However, to my surprise, the pizza was very good.  Not ready to put it on par with NY pizza, but for it's purpose, it hit the spot for my family and I.
Other people question the decor of this place, but I absolutely love old places that have a history or a story to tell, and while I don't fully know this places story it's obvious there's some history in there somewhere.
Guy behind the counter was friendly and there's not much more to say here other than I recommend it.Best pizza in the French Quarter. This was my 2nd time going here and once again lived up to my expectations. It took us 10 minutes for a table to open up and the line was backed up to the bathroom. I love the busy atmosphere but wouldn't recommend it to someone looking for a laid back meal. Also, if you are picky about cleanliness then do not come here but if you like great pizza and a social friendly place then come to Dante'sWill do for a night on Bourbon Street.  $4 for a huge slice of pizza.  It will soak up the alcohol and might prevent you from flashing or ending up in a gutter.It is great that this place is open to allow people to satisfy their drunk food cravings. The problem is that the pizza is terrible. It tastes like frozen pizza, and in fact I have had frozen pizza that is better. Would expect more from a place in New Orleans.New Jerseyians have a discriminating palate when it comes to pizza. We like our crusts crisp, our cheese rich, and our sauce fresh. 
Even for last-resort, end of the night slices: Dante's is terrible and massively overpriced. The crust is dough-y, the sauce lacked any flavor, and the cheese was soaked with grease. All that can be excused at your basic dollar slice joint. Dante's charges $4.50 for a single plain slice.
Avoid. There are better (and cheaper) options to soak up the Bourbon Street revelry