I really had a wonderful experience at the Nashville location, and we found out that New Orleans had one now and should go to it. Last night we got there kinda late around 10pm. Sat there for 10min and not one person greeted us. Went to the bar to see about service and she informed that the kitchen was behind on completing orders. 
I had to apologize to my friends that we may not get any food after driving three hours down to enjoy the weekend. We did end up leaving the restaurant after 25 min wait for no service or an apology. 
I have to say this not what I expected from a big known place for adults to have fun along with kids also. Please do something about this. I hope this is not a reflection of how others could become.To long of an unnecessary wait, especially when all your tables and areas are not filled.Eh. As others were saying, the design is pretty bad. It took an hour to get out of the parking garage. Elevators take forever, so we took the stairs, just to be greeted by a locked door.
I'm sure there are varying opinions on this, but I'm in the boat with the people saying I thought D&B was Chuck E Cheese for adults. Little kids everywhere. I don't mind gaming with teenagers, but there were probably 100 toddlers in this place. There's people with strollers taking their infants. People, please go to Chuck E Cheese.
I guess there's an any-age policy at the whole chain, it's just not what I was expecting. If anything, they should make it adults-only (or at least 13+) on weekdays and maybe open it up to all on weekends. I know that banning kids would cut into their customer base, but this makes older people not want to go, so pick your poison. I thought adults were the target market but that's not even close to the truth.
As far as the games, I didn't see anything for more than two players. I don't know how arcade games have evolved in the past 20 years, but way back in the day you could play some with four. 
The best I saw was a downhill ski racing game, where you stand on it and steer with your feet. Cold air in your face for added effect. 
The Walking Dead game was pretty cool. Kind of weird to have a crossbow that you reload instantly with 8 shots at a time. ....but I guess they're not going for realism in a zombie game. It's just a license for marketing, it's a generic zombie game. No show or comic characters. I don't care either way, it's not a bad game.
There's a racing game that takes a picture of your face before the race, and is connected to other machines at other locations. My friend and I were in tears laughing at this, since we would pick out a victim at the start of the race and try to ruin their day by running them off the road and making sure they lose. We just picked whoever looked most likely to cry.
There are plenty of bad games to make up for the good ones, but overall I actually had fun. Not sure if I'll be returning unless I find time to go when school is in session. However, I guess that wouldn't stop two year-olds from being there.horrible food! waited for my nachos that took forever!!!! when they came they were freezing cold even the chips highly disappointed wish i could've given them  no stars they do not deserve any of my starsIt was pretty crowded when we went but it was before an LSU game in the dome. The wait was about 45 min and even then, it took us a while to get food. The food was decent for sports bar type stuff, but they really need to up their draft beer game. I've been to other D&B's that had better local brews to choose from. Since I don't consider Blue Moon or Stella to be craft beer I was pretty disappointed, I believe I had a Lagunitas but there's too many awesome Nola breweries to be serving that stuff!I loved it here! But I also went on a Tuesday so it wasn't busy and my food was quick and great!Loud. Crowded. Dirty. Bad Service. Extra charges were given to us. Wouldn't go again, but the games were fun except for when they wouldn't work and stole credits off of our cards.Fun games. Kid friendly but if u want happy friendly staff u r not going to get it. "Ma'am go around the other side of the wall" even though it ended up at the same place. Just puddle doff and angry. Not fun and vibrant as the games and atmosphere try to vibe.  This should be Disneyland by the game vibe but wait staff hate they work hereSeriously don't waste your time. We have a group of 18 and have been waiting for 1 hour and 33 min. And the place is only 75% fullThis place has the worst dining experience. Dining in has been the worst experience ive had. My husband and I came in, was seated immediately but waited nearly 30 minutes to be greeted by our waitress, which was after we flagged down a hostess for one. Once she came, we decided to order drinks, apps and dinner all at once due to the long wait time just for introductions. Well an hour later, we still hadnt received drinks or any of our food. Once our drinks arrived (FINALLY), so did our dinner (minus the appetizer ). The waitress said that our apps were given to another table and they had already started eating it. I honestly received better service at the bar while waiting for my table. I completely urge you to come here after you've eaten someplace else. Games are fun. Wish the gaming area was bigger but no complaints there. But def dont dine here. Take my word. U WILL be disappointed.This place is horrendous at best. I thought that this place was for adults but yet I felt like I walked into a daycare. The whole place smelled like a port-a-potty. Had to use the bathroom real bad so did so before I left and went somewhere else and the bathroom smelled better than the establishment. Trust me don't waste your time with this place.This is the WORST D&B I have ever visited. The restaurant was filthy, with napkins, food and other trash all over the floor. The food was cold. The waitress ignored us while she cleaned liquor bottles for 10 minutes and we had to ask for assistance. When we asked for the manager, he was rude and dismissive. Don't waste your time!Waited 20 minutes at the bar just to get a drink and gave up and left. The place was a mad house and clearly don't have their stuff together.  Curious to see if this place makes it because they have serious management issues.This place really sucks to be honest. Been here ten minutes got cursed out twice didn't even get a drink order.Terry is the real MVP.  Me and a couple friends came in, searching for our friend (girl was a little drunk.) After failing to find her, Terry asked what she looked like and said he'd keep an eye out. After about 10 minutes of trying to call this chick, she answers her phone (or Terry does?) either way, point of the story is Terry brought us our drunk friend back to us safely. Something that is definitely not in his job description. Give this guy a gold star and a raise.What can I say.... I paid 10$ to park then waited over 20 minutes for a server. Finally after flagging down two waitresses I got the managers attention and was informed it was shift change and a waitress would be over shortly. Needless to say I left. I can't imagine the service would get any better as the meal went on. The manager refused to refund my parking and offered nothing other than a pitiful explanation that it was shift change.I would give less than one star if I could. To start all the tables were dirty. Even the ones ready to be sat were disgusting.
Next, The service was terrible from the bar to actually sitting at a table. They server never checked on us and took forever to come to the table to take our order. Everyone there was rude, if you smiled at any of the workers they would just look away
Then, the food. It took 35 min for a meal that was probably prepared in the microwave. They weren't busy either. The pictures were deceiving on he menu and my food was gross. 
I got the prim rib n mac sandwichSLOW EST BARTENDER EVER. Took 15 plus minutes each time, all night, at half capacity bar. HorribleI used to go there when I was living in the East coast, so when I heard about a new one being opened in New Orleans, I just can't wait to check it out. My husband and I went there on  a Sunday so it was quite crowded but all the games are so new and we had tons of fun just getting few drinks and playing some old fashion arcade machines! I didn't try their food but it seems like they have large variety of dishes based on the menu. The price is not bad either. We spent $40 for 250 credits and there is a reward special when you join the first time.  Also, there is a $10 parking special as well and I don't think the parking special will last forever, so take advantage of it while you can!  
The only thing that I had a problem with is the attitudes that the bartenders had. They seemed to me that they didn't wanna be there and it was too much troubles to take our orders.
Overall, I still enjoyed a lot during my first time visit of this location and I am looking forward to go again!OMG. I finally gave it a try and what a waste of my time! Me and my significant other decided to give ourselves a break from looking at houses for hours. We came here found a table and nothing else was accomplished except I did get my sweet tea. It was downhill from there. We got there at 3 and we left at 3:52. We never got our drinks we ordered with my sweet tea. All the manager could say was the bar is backed up I'm sorry. We never got our apps or any other food. Only the sweet tea in 45 mins. No drinks we ordered or anything else. Our server walked around like she wasn't bothered and didn't have a care in the world. Just taking a stroll around the area and had such a calm passive attitude about how long it was taking. Horrible first experience. Won't be going back even with the kids.Awesome service and food was great. My toddler and husband had a ball. I know others that don't like it but we love it. A bit pricey but it's located in the CBD so what you expect. Great experienceWould give a negative star if I could. Haven't had a good bar experience in about 4 attempts. Slow is an understatement. If they have more than 1 bartender working that's a good night. They should train all of the staff to at least pour a beer. Last but certainly not least... the entire building smells like a toilet. It's like they are trying their hardest to fail. From the day they opened its been terrible.Omg this was THE WORST EXPERIENCE. After waiting 2 HOURS, 1/2 of our food never came out and what did come out was cold,soggy and disgusting. The guacamole on my friends nachos was BROWN.The service was horrible. We waiting on a table forever luckily the waitress came over and cleaned one for us.(due to the large group we needed a big table) The kitchen staff trying to rush out messing up everyone food. The silverware was so dirty. It wasn't as packed today thank god. They really need to step it up with the kitchen staff. And yes it wasn't that packed yet we waited to be seated and they had 7/8 empty tables.  The games was fun and the kids did have a blast besides the bad food experience.Worst choice of the trip...
I'll keep this short.  We walked into Dave & Busters a few hours before a flight to get a couple of drinks and have some fun with the games.  Several of us bought cards (required to play the games, of course), at a $14 minimum -- $10 in games, plus a $2 new card fee and a $2 "super charge" fee... no kidding; I was wondering why they didn't charge me for the rust-proofing.
15 minutes after we arrived, the power went out.  A flustered manager told us that his system wasn't working with the power out, so he could not refund our money.  It was unclear if we would be able to get our money back when the power was eventually restored, as he would not answer that question directly and suggested we come back the next day to play some games.  With a flight leaving 4 hours later, that wasn't really an option.
This turned out to be a complete waste of 30 minutes and $14.  Bummer.
It's been a while since I've dealt with really poor customer service, but look no further if that's your thing.If I could give this less than 1 star I would. The service here is unacceptable and they shouldn't be allowed to operate. We bussed our own table. Took us over an hour to get our food. Our waitress was so rude. No one came to check on us. I will not be backThis is probably one of my most fav places to go play games back in college.   Tho I'm more an adult now (lol), I still enjoy the arcade.  It has gotten pricier than I remembered.  We no longer get tickets cause everything is now put onto the players card.  The games are newer and it looks great in here. But the food is not something I would come to D&B for.  We were hungry after the game at the superdome and decided to eat here instead of at the stadium.  We ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp and steak pasta for me and ribs/chicken wing combo. Let's dive in. 
The pasta dish was super bland.  I had to add salt to it.  Normally I don't even like to add salt to anything ever.  The pasta was soft. The steak medallions were slightly over cooked and the bacon was tasty.  I love the added spinach with my pasta topped with fried spinach.  I miss the blackened chicken pasta! For dessert, we had the Bookie. 
My husband said his ribs were tough to eat and the buffalo wings were too salty.  It's as if the buffalo wings just came out of the oven.  They use bottled ranch instead of making their own.  The fries were soggy as well.  
The Bookie tower for dessert was ok.  They did break the tower down so we can share.  One brownie/cookie topped with a bluebell vanilla scoop of ice cream. You can tell that they had just microwaved a frozen Bookie.  It was hard to eat after a few mins. 
But our server was sweet and provided excellent service. She checked on us constantly as she walked by. Overall we would come back for the games but not for food.Came here at 10pm to dine in. The hostess just stands around n don't care to seat anybody until you ask them to. Our waitress was nice and took our order quickly but we didn't get our food til 11:15. This place seems to have no type of management. This place is packed and filthy at this time of the day. The restrooms smells urines. Trash all over the floor. But who cares. Thinking this place is new it would be more tidy. 
  We played some games skew ball game had no ball but took our credit, a few games ripped us off of our points when u score high, it says game error call attendants. Air space hockey table did not give us back the puck after we played for a few minutes when we each had 3-5 lives left. Overall a rip off n the prizes are crap.Got there to find that you no longer need to put your name down for a table but to seat yourself. So we had a party of 6 squeezed into a booth made for 4. We were gonna accept it since the place was packed and you had to fight for a place to eat here. But then a miracle happened and a larger booth opened up. We already gotten out food but the waitress was really nice and let us move since it was still in her zone. No biggie. But then the service was not up to par. She only bought us one set of silverware. I figured she just put the one down to go and get 5 more. Nope. So we had to ask for plates and more silverware. She brings us the other half of our order and says she'll come back with the plates and silverware. Brings me my drink. By this time we almost done eating. No napkins. Ended up stealing a batch from the bar. No silverware. No plates. Finally she brings plates and silverware. But she only bought 4 silverware sets/napkins and 5 plates. We have a party of 6. You do the math. Then she disappears for the rest of our meal. We don't see her again. We ended up having to hunt her down to ask for our check. Also note that before all this we were almost given someone else's order. The people delivering it totally looked lost. 
This place is still running around with its head cut off. I noticed that there is an entire area in the back that they closed. Then you have people hoarding tables while their brats run around to play games. If they are not actively order a continuous food/drink I think they are done. Maybe give em a hint by giving them the check. Just saying. 
Also, if you parked in the garage they only have pay Stations on the first and 6th Floor. That's makes a whole lotta sense. People can either go down to the first floor pay for parking and then go back upstairs to whatever floor they parked on. That's not enough elevators for all that foot traffic. Or you can pay for parking before leaving the 6th floor where people are lined up to buy cards for the games and the foot traffic from the elevators. So now you adding to the foot traffic as well. Yippie. Have fun.But wait! Is it for adults right? Then why did I feel like I walked into a daycare? This place is terrible I have never ever felt like a place should close their doors as bad as this place needs too. They need to tell anyone who is bringing kids that there is a Chuck-E Cheese nearby take them there. Will never go back and will let anyone and everyoine that will listen to avoid this place.Where do i start very bad bad bad customer service and none of the games work properly. Ordered the salmon meal with the rice and spinach. The first rice was cold and hard told the server about it then she said she would get me a new order that was fine. Next order was worst not only was it cold and hard it was stuck together. I asked to speak to a manager. Server told me she was getting one. I waited there a total of 27 mins with no manager. The server just continue to seat ppl and never even came back to my table. I got up to ask her where the manager is she said i told him its just busy so he will get to you when he can.. wow it was a Monday night and it wasnt that busy. I walked around myself and found a manager. He told me he was the manager of the game room but he would take care of it. He said he would take the food part off... how is this acceptable?
 I have wasted over 1 hour of my time and you say you can take it off. He did not try to accommodate me at all. I felt like they didnt care to have me as a customer. I will not be returning and i advise ppl to stay away from this place. Games are super over priced and the food is just awful. Service is the worst ive ever recieved in my life!! Stay away from this place!!!!!!The wait list for this place is awful and really mismanaged.  Poor service by the hostess and staff answering the phone.  Don't ever visit this place to eat!!  The hostess staff that who work here are worthless!!!  Learn how to hire better people.HORRIBLE!!!! Please Please Please DO NOT EAT HERE! I have NEVER in my life been to a restaurant in this city with such horrible service. On top of the service being bad, the food isn't any better. This city prides itself on its food and this place is a disgrace. Cold food, under cooked food, and over cooked food...all on 1 ticket.
Just play the games...
If I could give them 0 stars I would...smh.horrible horrible HORRIBLE SERVICE. EVERY TIME i come here it takes forever to even get noticed (and i always sit at the bar) when i'm done with my drink i sit for 10-15 mins and still don't get service. i have to call someone's attention. i don't know why i keep coming back here, every visit pisses me off. UPDATE: i was dumb and came back here thinking maybe things have changed. and boy!! they have! for the worst. i didn't even get food this time and i've received the worst service. been sitting at the bar for about 20 mins. still no drinks. a large blonde woman walked past us, looked and then pulled out her phone and just ignored us. and also the women's bathroom had no toilet paper (literally every stall was empty so you had to use the seat covers to wipe) piss alllllll over the seats, tampons, toilet paper all over the floor.  i wish this place would get new management or just shut down.The service is nonexistent. There's a plethora of waitstaff but they're all congregated in one area socializing. It's impossible to get any assistance here. You basically have to throw yourself at some apathetic waitstaff with total abandon.Have been to Dave & Buster's in other cities and were very impressed.  This one not so much.   Went with kids and their friends, all teenagers.  When we got there only 2 small groups were in line ahead of us.  It took 30 minutes to pay and get our cards charged.  The personnel behind the desk did not seem to know what they were doing.  The games all seemed to work fine and we did not wait for any games.  It was happy hour so I decided to order a Margertia.  It took 20 minutes after I ordered to get the drink brought to our table and there was no alcohol in the drink at all.  I can only surmise that the bar staff is as trained as the front desk staff.  In the future I will stick to Dave and Buster's when traveling.I'll start with positive stuff - games are awesome and are why you come to D&Bs. Really awesome games, and all of them worked. Huge variety of games. 
Negative are all because of terrible staff (and I guess management doesn't exist??). They had no one to bus tables and clean up, too few waiters, only 3 bartenders (1 was actually working and cared).  First round of drinks took 30 min to get.  
Really does not live up to Dave and busters name and motto. Great games though.Possibly the worst service and food EVER at a restaurant. True - it was the college playoff game day. It was super busy. Wait!! This is New Orleans next to a stadium!! They should know how to work crowds right? Extra staff? Extra service. Oh no. It was awful. Dreadful. Embarrassing I was even there. But after the horrendous wait for a table I felt then trapped. Ignored, lied to, dreadful food even when it did come. Seriously. This awful 'chuckie cheese for adults' should be shut down. So sad I even paid. Should have just left.I'll give it a five.  Went here for my daughter's 10th birthday with 3 of her friends.  We had great service, food was as good as expected and we had fun playing games and winning tickets.  It's nice that it has an attached parking garage.  In a city that may not be considered "family friendly", D&B's is a great option - considering it doesn't scream "NOLA".  We will visit again.I was pleasantly surprised by the menu.  Very nice selection of food, fair prices and a nice staff.  The location is very bad and you have to pay to park.  The most troublesome issue was the customers.  I expected a lot of kids, but it was full of thugs roaming around.  I noticed that there were 4 deputies working security. 4!!!!!  Please don't bring your small kids here and expect to be safe.  The parking garage had the same issue.Shut down, revamped, hire new people, and open back up for the dining area. Game area runs smooth with no problems. However, the restaurant area is HORRIBLE! Literally five hostess not doing anything just sitting there looking. We came for my husband's 30th birthday and wasted the whole night.  We arrived at 8 and didn't leave until after midnight. The wait, the food, missing food, and waiting on our food tickets.  I don't recommend this location for food... all the other locations in Texas and Florida was way better! Normally, I don't complain and is very patient but tonight was too horrible.If I could rate it a 0 on the customer service I received whole dining her I would!
Our "server/waitress" Tanesha service was TRASH! 
Advice: Eat before or after arriving here!We went and had fun, but the typical d&b operation is located in a a place like Clearview/Lakeside/Esplanade mall.  In every other city they are located on the first floor of a suburban mall with a ton of free parking.
Although they do have fun games, billiards, and food, the planning for this location could possibly be better.  I think D&B corporate went along with some planning and was anticipating the Saints on this one.  I am sure the place is rolling after a football game, but every other time it makes it hard to get in there.  Maybe it is part of the business plan to keep free loaders out of the establishment.  After all, it is an upscale place.  Mostly it is not the fault of Dave & Buster's.
It is the rampant crime in the city that scares me.
Bad enough you can get snatched in the mall at Clearview, but here I'm going to be on visitor's turf.
With all the tourist in the FQ, I think  I'll have to take an invite to the competitor unless the Saints customers are marching in.
Maybe it will be a blazing success through some extraordinary marketing.  Certainly hope it is a hit!
There are some places in New Orleans like Oz & Tropical Isle that make all the money during Mardi Gras, and they stand down for the remainder of the year.  That combined with the Saints and Dave & Busters will be marching to the bank.
Going through a far distance, traffic, a parking garage, elevators, security guard & waiting for 2 hours is what I do for the casino seafood buffet for $29+tax in Bay St. Louis!Not a big area to play.. a lot smaller than the one in Houston.. Fun to play but they have got to get the odors dealt with. It sometimes smells like a toilet.. Also wouldn't recommend eating there as it's way too loud.. Food area is too close to the games.. With kids it's way too chaotic..Horrible service took 30 mins to place a drink and food order and it wasn't even  pack. They just move slow. Food looks nothing like the picture and it's over priced. Too many kids running around. I guess we should've went to shamrock....
This suppose to be the South Philly Burger SMH.Paid $10 to park. Waited 20 minutes at a table with no acknowledgement. Flagged down 2 waitresses that said it was shift change. After another 10 minutes got hold of the manager that didn't seem to care that 4 customers were leaving without spending a dime. This was a Monday afternoon with a very light crowd. I will never go there again.I am right smack in the middle of the road with Dave & Buster's. As an initial break in story that I find funny, but is irrelevant to the review. For one, a dear friend of mine has two little dogs, brothers named Buster and Duke and when I dog sat for her, I would call them into the house by yelling "BUSTER DUKE", so I kept calling this BUSTER DUKE all night long, which led to me annoying my friends who don't know the dogs, or the other friends (the friend and her dogs live across the country). My friends are still making fun of me. I did tell my friend that has the dogs, and she found it to be hilarious. Not that it has anything to do with this.
Now that I have that out of my system, I am still in the middle of the road with Dave & Buster's. On Poydras, the same side as the Dome, between 10 and the river. It is on the 6th floor of the parking garage. Not that you can see any sights, there are no windows. It's like a casino, I don't think they want you seeing outside so you don't know how much time you have spent inside. Which makes sense. The longer you are there, the more money you will spend. Being in the central business district, you have to either pay for parking, come in the evening when the metered parking is free, come in a taxi or some other ride sharing company. So, that can be a pain in the you-know-what.
This is a national chain restaurant. You are not going to get New Orleans or Louisiana style food. It's just not going to happen, so get that out of your mind. The alcoholic drinks are strong (and they serve drinks that are on the lite side for calories). The food is mainly deep fried grease, and there are not many healthy options. The bar has many televisions playing all sorts of sports balls things and other masculine type shows. You may have to wait for a table during peak meal times. Service can be on the slow side during peak meal times.
On to the game room portion. You get a card (free) or a wand (activation charge) or a wristband (fee to activate) to load up and use to play. There are SOOOOOOOOO many games. I had loaded my wristband with $40 and it took a few hours to use all of the money. The ratio to earn points seems reasonable. Candy crush games, yatzee, mini bowling, space invaders, monopoly, the price is right, and so very many more games that you can win points from. If you want to use your points for prizes, they range from candy to large stuffed toys. I have my eyeball on the stuffed unicorn (that is a mere 70billion11 points, and I only have about 1000 right now).
The guy I went with, this wasn't his first rodeo here. Well, he went back about a week or so after we had gone (he had been a couple of times before), combined all of his points from his several cards (he had forgotten them when we went together), earned some more points, and got the smaller of the unicorns for me. HOW SWEET!
While I will not come every week (or even every month), I will more than likely be back to play games. Keep in mind that this is a national chain, don't have high expectations.This place was an absolute madhouse. We were carded upon entering, yet there were children everywhere. When we arrived upstairs on the elevator, the place was crawling with a ton of people. That is to be expected, because the place just opened up. What I was not expecting, was the inability to leave when I got ready to. There are three separate elevators--all three of them were full when we tried to get on them to go downstairs. They were so full, in fact, that they automatically closed, before the people riding up could get off, resulting in empty elevators going down. After about 15 minutes of us waiting for an elevator, we finally were able to ride downstairs. When we got to the bottom, there were several fire marshals, and a fire truck parked out front. I am assuming it was because they were overcapacity. I think we will wait at least six months, for the buzz to subside before going back.I ordered to go for my son at the bar before we hit the road for a two hours drive back home at 6:30ish, went to check at around 6:50ish but still not up.  I was told if it's up it will be brought to the bar counter so after 15 mins later , went check again, still not up.   I have patience and was being considerate but when you see people sitting on the counter with their food that came 20 mins after you, something ain't right? The bartender went to the back to check and came back later with more food for people who came 20-30 mins after my order.  She came back and ask for my receipt and left.  Later on came back with the manager, and was told the tix got lost? So if it did, get lost, get it going on the fly!?!? This is for a kids chicken tenders meal and a dessert. I don't understand if the tix gotten lost while you were back there grabbing other orders, tell them to put it in!! I don't know why it wasn't in, waited another 5 mins and I was over it!! Ask for the refund and was only given an apology! I don't expect shyte for free.  But knowing someone waited an hour for two items and not put in right away and went running around to find my receipt I paid had to be the most stupidest shyte ever!! The bartender knew I paid bc she put it in.  This cause our road back home to be delay for an hour!! While Waited for an order that could of been out on the fly in 10 mins, if the tix was missing!!! Trust me I understand how the back of house runs, I do expo for a restuarant.  One of the worst customer service I have ever received and the order was only two small items. Get your shyte together! I know y'all New and busy! I should of ask for my tip back bc I didn't even get service!!This one of the largest D&B's I've ever been to. Rightfully so...located right in New Orleans around shopping and tourists. It has SO many games and a huge bar area. Parking is in the garage and is expensive so be prepared...about $10.  
The food was actually delicious and not expected for a place like this. I got the Grilled Fire Salmon with mashed potatoes instead of rice and green beans $16. It was so good I didn't take a pic before I demolished it! Also got a strawberry watermelon margarita. It was way too sweet for me. 
Sarah was our waitress and was nice but seemed new. Our food order didn't come out till hours later and the manager had to come out several times. Also, had to comp a meal for hair in the dish. Our party was super disappointed after leaving about 11:30pm and arriving at 8pm. The manager should have comp'd the entire party's check, that would have been appropriate considering the chaos but he didn't. Just an apology. I wouldn't return to this location...seems too much for them to handle.Brought my wife and son here last night 05/30/2018 for a bit of "family fun night" and wasn't too disappointed. This was my first time at any Dave and Buster's, but I've been to similar places around the city, such as Quest in Elmwood and Laser Tag in Metairie. Besides not having laser tag (my son's favorite) it was pretty much what I expected.
The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We arrived and decided to eat in their restaurant before going into the game room. I had the Thai Chicken Pasta and it was quite good. Generous chicken, nice spice and plenty of noodles. It reminded me of a similar dish I enjoy at Simolina's. My wife enjoyed her Philly cheese steak. They brought out the wrong order for my kid, he asked for a cheeseburger but got cheeseburger quesadilla instead. No biggie. The place is loud and my son tends to talk low, so it was an honest mistake that was corrected as quickly as possible. Our server gave us a couple extra game cards as a comp without being asked, and that is pretty good customer service. (Anticipate the need... blah blah) 
The arcade was cool but personally I'd like to see more games and less 'prize game' attractions. We went on 'half-price game' night, so it was a hassle to get to try out a lot of the cabinets. I can imagine that on a slower night I'd have had more fun.
Bathrooms are very clean and spacious. Staff was courteous. Food was tasty. I understand that mistakes happen and I was glad to see them take a proactive attitude towards fixing it.Saturday night assessment: 2.5 hours to get seated at our table. And, almost any game you really wanted to play had a line. I would definitely recommend going on a week day night, rather than on the weekend. 
Fun time overall and the drinks were great.Way overpriced and service is abysmal. Waited 15 minutes for bartender on a late Sunday afternoon with an average crowd. The 7 and 7 was screwed up twice, tasted like gin and tonic. Hopping place, but far better options for drinks and atmo in the Big EasyThe employees at this location are just awful. From the wait staff to the employees working the games, everyone is just bad. Food is not good and I don't think it's one of those situations where it will get better with time.Went to this place for the first time and let me say I felt like I had just stepped into Chuck E Cheese. Terrible place me and my friends left after using the disgusting bathroom. Will not be going back in fact I cannot believe this place is still open. I was under the impression from the commercials that this place was for adults but there was so many ankle biters running around there would have been no way I woould have had a good time.I went here yesterday (a Saturday--my first mistake) around 4 pm for the first time.  I had never been to a D&B's before, so I was excited to check it out.  I don't have anything against kids, but I thought this place was for adults and was shocked at how many kids were there.  I'd say more then 50% of the customers were kids (probably under 10).  A lot of them weren't even playing the games they were sitting at or standing by, they were just there making it look like the machine was taken when it really wasn't.  We didn't want to eat there, we just wanted to get a drink and then start playing some games.  We stood at one end of the bar for at least 5 minutes without an acknowledgment from the bartender who was counting his drawer before deciding to divide and conquer. I moved to the other end while my husband stayed put.  After waiting at least 5 minutes at that end of the bar a manager finally came over to get my drink order but I let him get the girl's order who was waiting before me. Let me just say that, as I waited, I got a good idea of what was going on behind the bar. We had one bartender who seemed to be endlessly counting money, one barback who looked like relatively busy cleaning up, one bartender who looked crazy busy making drinks, and another barback who literally made circles behind the bar all while eating drink garnishes and doing nothing except looking extremely pilled out. 
After the manager got the girl's drink order who was next to me he just disappeared and I stood there for 10 (yes 10) more minutes waiting for a drink.  Finally I got pissed off and was ready to leave when my husband decided to wait for the drinks while I walked around.  It was 30 minutes before he got our drinks. That's ridiculous, I don't care how busy you are.  If he hadn't already put money on the game cards, we would've left. 
In my waiting period I went to the bathroom. Now, I'm not a princess when it comes to bathroom situations but there was no toilet paper, a wad of chewing gum stuck to the side of the stall, and paper towels exploding out of the trash can. My feet were also constantly sticking to the floor in the restaurant area. Overall, not adding to my already unpleasant opinion of this place.
Finally we played some games (the ones not perpetually occupied by 7 year olds) and I tried my best to spend the money on my card as quickly as possible so we could leave. It was "ok." I don't think I care to return but it was a decent way to occupy myself for a few hours.  I had more hopes for this place, though, and think they need to hire more staff and keep the place clean.I will start this off by saying GO TO THE 6th floor.
 The food here is really good and there is a lot of it!! The price was pretty reasonable ( 45.00 for two people, with 10.00 play card) service was quick  and air hockey was fun.Went with my boyfriend, we played  games had lots of fun. But, when I sat down at the bar, that's when the shit happened. First, I saw the waiter wipe down the counter with a small napkin. What the heezy!!!You have tons of people playing games, doing this, doing that, and you don't sanitize your counters?? I did ask, and her ass said she has no sanitizing clothes. I then asked for the manager, and what do you know, he came back and wiped the counter  down with a cloth, so I immediately got on her shit list. After that, I was not attended to, no menu, no nothing, minutes later the side seats did fill up( they were empty when I first sat down) Guess where the bar waiter went.... to everyone but me. By this time I'm ready to check her azz, and I did. She did give me a menu, but never came back to wait on us. Another guy came and was super friendly. The meal was horrible cold fries and sliders. We were so hungry we didn't complain. But they did give us more fries. You think with almost catching an incurable virus from dirty countertops, being ignored, and the meal tasting like sh.., they would have made the the meal on the house. Word of advice, eat before you go.
Also seen several other customers wiping off their tables because no one was cleaning them. THIS IS NOT OUR JOB.Possibly the worst service I've ever had.  Came here on a Monday night to get food. We had a party of 6 and we were sat without a wait. Didn't get service for the first 15 minutes. 45 minutes after we placed our food order it came out missing half of what we ordered.  After asking 3 different servers and a manager to correct our order they only corrected some of the problems.  By this time all of our food was cold. Needless to say 2 people didn't eat and those of us that did, well the food wasn't good.  Will not come here again to eat. Only good thing I have to say is the games are fun.I would give zero if it were an option. Worst service I have ever. One hour wait for a table, 40 minute wait for drinks and at one hour 15 minutes still no food.  Ask for more drinks and was told they have no clean cups. We have watched multiple tables come after us and get served. Also, we are surrounded by 5 empty tables, so how busy can they be?By far my worst Dave and Busters experience. Staff just doesn't care. I'm a server and a bartender and can honestly say this place, along with the staff, is absolutely horrible.I gave them 2 stars because the food was tasty and the manager fixed the issue for me.  However.......
I ordered the loaded cheese fries. First time it came out, after about 30 mins,  with only the sausage on it (no other meat and no sauce).  I sent it back. Then, after another 30 mins, it came out without the sausage. I told the waiter I'd keep the plate and he could just bring me a bowl of the sausage and I'd pour it on myself. About 15 or so mins later, the waiter came and said there was no more sausage and offered me some queso, which I refused. I didn't want cheese; I wanted the meat, which I find to be really good. Oh yeah, I got my bill before my food came out the second go round. So when I finally asked if I had to pay the full price for the fries, the waiter said 'yes' and took my payment. He said he could send his manager over and I asked that he please do. After about 15 minutes, the manager came over and handled the matter appropriately. 
Customer service is non-existent these days. I appreciate the manager knowing what it used to look like.Horribleeeee! We waited about 1 1/2 to be seated with a family of 6, they sat us by the bar and would not open the family part of the food area. The waitress said oh "shit your perfume smells good", very very unprofessional! The manager was no help! The bar area was filthy! Food all over and the bathrooms were not cleaned at all! I would give 0 stars for this place! Do not recommend!Took my 7yr old son for a fun mid afternoon day. Staff was friendly, restrooms clean, parking garage easily accessible. 
Great boys day out!
4 stars because we didn't eat there. 
We did not encounter any rude staff or bad odors.If you need to eat within a hour do not come to Dave and Buster's.   The dining is the worst part if the establishment.  An hour wait for seating, almost a 2 hour wait for food.Everything about my experience here was horrible. The food was cold and dry and incorrect we waited almost a hour for drinks. Literally over a hour for food.  Appetizers came out after entrees and with all that our silverware never saw us until we asked for it. My uncle didn't get his appetizer at all. I will never go back for food again maybe the bar and gaming but never the food again. The service is horrible as well. It wasn't even busy which made me more upset.Why can't we have a place where food & drinks can be served while kids are spending soooo much money on the games?  Too much to ask?  Bad decision to come here for my son's 10th birthday.  No service here, just plan to come for games.  Starving kiddos-no funThe worst experience I've ever had. It took 30 min for the waiter to even acknowledge us, actually they never acknowledged us we ask a bust girl for a waitress, and when she finally came to our table she had a bad attitude. My Wife, and I left and decided to go somewhere else. This place is very poorly managed, too many bust staff, and not enough waitstaff. If I could give 0 stars I would. I'll never step foot in this place again. They will probably go out of business in less than 5 years unless the management is changed.Love this place! There is a grandopening parking special for $10 for up to 12 hours is not bad at all. The location is really safe and that's my main concern when going anywhere downtown. There are plenty of meters surround the building so I recommend finding one if you plan to come late in the evening. The meters are free after 7pm. We came on a Monday so it was crowded and not many kids running around. We only played some games and got drinks. I order a snow cone. Yummy! Our bartender really took care of us. Since we all ate before we got there, we didn't order anything to eat. Next time I'm back, I will definitely order food there. They are having a $5 appetizers and drinks special deal during football season every Sunday,  Monday and Thursday.Went to Dave and Busters in New Orleans on a Saturday around 4pm. I liked that parking is in a garage. The business is located on the 6th floor and elevators open directly to the facility. We decided to eat here as well. There are two options for eating. You can find your own table next to the gaming area on the floor or head to the back area that has restaurant style service where you are seated by staff. We initially opted to find our own table but after waiting with 2 other parties for a clean table for more than 15 minutes we decided to go in the restaurant area. There was no wait and we were seated immediately. The food was not good. It taste like warm frozen food. The kids barely finished. We spent $80 on food which was a waste! Next time we will eat elsewhere and just visit the gaming area. We had 3 little ones and the each had the $23 cards. They were able to play a lot of the games and had a lot of fun. My recommendation is to go to play, don't go to eat!We went here last night to celebrate my son's 13th birthday and the service was horrible!!! This was our second time visiting this place and the first time was bad but we just took it as it's the opening weekend so we'll try again. Big mistake!!! Never again will I spend money here!Wish i could give it a 0 but yelp wont let me! Everything was amazing until the end of our visit....my 3 girls, husband and I had a great time playing games, we went to redeem our tickets and the girl behind the counter said nothing as we got up there, seemed very annoyed by us.  Scanned my oldest daughter's prize and shoved the ticket and card to me and said nothing.  I was put off by this as she is in customer service but said nothing.  My other 2 daughter's brought there prizes up and she again seemed very annoyed that we were there, she she scanned their prizes and once again shoved the the tickets and our cards back to us saying nothing.  I then said how rude she was and called her a name (bitch) which I know I should not have but she then turned to me in front of my 3 children and said to me "f**k you bitch, you can't call me that f**k you. You a bitch." And went on as we walked away.  My husband then went to get a manager who walked over to the counter where he pointed out the girl and the manager took her in the back and said he would take care of it.  We will never go back to this establishment which is sad cause up until the end my family and I had a great time.So I go hear time to time just to game. I haven't really tried their food because I eat pretty healthy and let's face it, they don't have the best options. The other day I decided to go to the bar to get a drink and noticed how nasty this place really is. There were dirty plates everywhere, glasses all over the bar, and trash on the ground. Not to mention it smells like straight ass when you walk in on the ground floor near the elevators. I'll probably go back just to game but I will stay far away from the bar/restaurant.Get in with an hour left of happy hour, our table didn't get checked on as much as I would like so we couldn't really get more of the deal as we wanted. Food, way too mediocre for the price and the time it took to get to our table. Timing for appetizers and main course, we had one person order appetizers for the table. We all got our mains with the appetizer she ordered, but she didn't get her main till later. Don't get me started on our drink orders because we had to remind the server that we haven't gotten the drinks that we ordered after a while. With the hype that this place has gotten, I'm very disappointed.Waited 20 minutes at a table for someone to take my drink order.  Spoke to Asst. GM Omar and he took the drink order.  35 minutes later, still no drinks.  Now have been waiting for same Asst. GM for 20 minutes.  Where is D&B Corporate to replace the awful management at this location?Food was terrible because they clearly profit off of the parking garage. Had to tell the server exactly what I had because he couldn't organize the tables checks. The bathrooms had NO hand soap at all and it wasn't even 10:00 on a Saturday night. All I got was a stupid laffy taffy because I'm no good at games. *cries in Spanish*Let me start off by saying that I love Dave & Busters! So when I found out that NOLA was building one I was super excited! Sadly, my first impression at this location wasn't so pleasant. It was pretty easy to find parking in the garage but when it came to actually finding the entrance of the arcade it was very confusing! My group and I went into the elevator thinking that it'll take us into the building, but to find out we had to walk out & around of the garage to enter the arcade! (The elevator only went up 5 floors, the arcade was on the 6th floor.. but We later learned that we could of took a couple flights of stairs to get into the building. Lol) When we finally got inside we noticed that they didn't have much people there as we expected because it was Half off Wednesday! but any-who, we went straight to the restaurant to grab a bite and was greeted by a server pretty quick! Upon our server taking us to our table, we noticed that the table was still dirty and had trash everywhere so we stood there for about 5-10 mins next to our table (she ran off for a few mins) until she finished cleaning. Our food came out pretty quick, but our food wasn't hot! It was cold, and we had chunks of foil in our food.  not only that, but our server barely checked up on us! Our drinks were empty so we were looking around to find her. We noticed that she was at the desk, dancing and playing in another employees hair. Several minutes later, the fire alarm cuts on causing all the machineries and games to cut off!  they made an announcement to not worry because the alarm was pulled from inside the parking garage and not the actual building itself. So upon asking the manger when will the games and stuff cut back on, he stated that it could take a while. So my group and I decided to leave. I was super bummed because that was the whole reason on why I went; to play games!  Anyways, I will definitely be coming back later on in the future.  I hate to give them a two star rating! I will update my review next time around, so hopefully I will have a better experience! I still have high hopes! Hehe (Sorry for my incorrect grammar, I wrote this review pretty quick and I don't feel like going back to revise lol)The service was horrible. Half the table got food and ate while we waited. All the tables that came after us ate as well. I will never eat here again.Don't do it. Too crowded. 10 dollars for parking. They check your ID MORE THAN THEY NEED TO. The bathrooms were extremely dirty and smelled like pee and it was hard to find one that you could use that wasn't gross. The elevators were so small and hot and smelled terrible. Every meal on their menu is at least over 1000 calories so don't count on finding anything healthy. Also, for as much as they keep carding you, they sure don't care about the people walking around smelling like weed and making the whole place smell bad. The games were always occupied and it was hard to find anything to play.The facility is awesome and the games are fun but the staff has clearly never been trained on anything. They are the worst I have ever seen. I really hope they do an overhaul because I would be a regular customer if it was better.