From Grilled Redfish to Stewed Rabbit, this place serves up great local food, that is as it has always been. Get the specials. Get the remoulade Sauce as your salad dressing. Yes, it is worth the drive out to the east. This will be evidenced by the variety of people dining here. From police to attorneys to hunters to plant workers.We went today, and I had the seafood platter ($19.95). It was pretty good, and they gave a lot with it- catfish, shrimp, oysters, stuffed crab, stuffed oyster, fries, dinner salad. But, the batter was rather bland, and we thought they could spice it up a bit. Still in all, it's a well-maintained, clean, family joint (open since 1969). The bar looks like a good place for locals to hang out. I saw others eating grilled seafood and pasta dishes- those looked delicious. I probably need to revisit this establishment at some future point. It's worth checking out, I'd say.I regularly eat at Deanie's since I work in the area. I've rarely ordered off of the normal menu since they offer daily specials. You can view the specials on their Facebook page.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Deanies-on-Hayne/170227006448084?fref=ts
I find the food to be of consistent quality and very good. The service is very friendly and prompt. Most specials are served with a side salad and bread. Specials can range from seared duck (one of my faves) to seafood pasta. Usually the daily menu features around 6-8 specials.Off the track of other restaurants, I found this one by referral. I was pleasantly surprised by the feast, service and that down home look and feel. Highly recommend this one!
I had chargrilled fresh oysters, grilled chicken salad, hint, come hungry if you order the large it's a BIG SALAD!I have never been so uncomfortable in a restaurant in my life. The food was sub par. I ordered the shrimp platter with a soft shell crab on the side. Not only did I feel like I was overcharged for soft shell crab, the food tasted awful. I was so heated because I spent close to $21 for food that tasted like lemon and bread. Not my recommendation at allHad the "Show Boat" it was was pretty good!! The inside needs to be renovated but food and service was pretty good. Little pricey given the atmosphere and decor.This place is not closed! 
Frequently confused with the other Deanie's restaurants because the taste of the food is comparable. Although not affiliated with Deanie's in the Quarter the food is better than ever: Stuffed Crab, Eggplant and other seafood is the best in the city.Can you say best Gumbo??? I can! This is one of those places you will never get to experience if you are not with a local! The crab Au gratin is cheesy and delightful not to mention the crawfish that is seasoned to perfection!!Had lunch at Deanies on Hayne today and it was fantastic.  Our server I believe her name is Jani was the greatest.  We even offered to take her home to Vegas with us.  Highly recommend this place.  Wish we lived closer.Wonderful seafood, just like you would expect in New Orleans. Place was clean, the only drawback was a weird smell in the place. Besides that it was full of people, servers were great.The best for local New Orleans food; been going here for nearly 40 years. Note that this is NOT related to the other Deanie's (French Quarter or Bucktown).Local flavor in every way. Our waitress made sure we got the local favorites which were delicious. I had the eggplant and shrimp remoulade special and hubby had the small oyster poboy. The eggplant was perfectly cooked and the shrimp were plump and yummy. Tho quite spicy, the remoulade was perfect. The poboy didn't come up to snuff tho. Served with mayo, it didn't have the zest it would have had with remoulade had it been offered. Nevertheless, we will go back. 100% NOLA!Felt great to see a restaurant from my childhood still open !!!! Food was as good as I remember 
growing up. We had red beans & rice with breaded pork chop and cornbread. Hats off for doing such a great job !!!!!!!!The food and the service is great! I enjoyed the craw fish and sweet bread...mmm!This place SUCKS! The waitress was awful. The waitress mentioned Jasmine tea during ordering as if that's what she'd be serving, but delivered community tea in a dirty cup. All 3 orders were placed at the same time. The first 2 plates arrived to the table 5 minutes apart. We had to ask for the 3rd plate. 20 minutes later, I cancelled my soft she'll crab wrap, even though I had been in search of softshell crab since my arrival in the city.  The Manager was unconcerned and unapologetic when she arrived at the table for a brief list of our concerns. I dine out often at a healthy mix of establishments so I know my experience  was completely unacceptable. Now I understand why the place was empty. My table was the only table assigned to my waitress, and she & the manager were still able to create an unpleasant dining experience.Food is great!  Had boiled crawfish, seafood platter, gumbo, and oyster artichoke soup. So much food! If you have kids, you don't need to order extra meals for them. Plenty to share.Great place. Po boys are great, close to airport and makes it easy for us corporate pilots to grab a quick lunch.This is the best Deanie's -- apparently not related to the others. Go here for an unpretentious, cheap, authentic New Orleans meal. The shrimp poor boy is absolutely perfect, and the daily handwritten menu always has local specialties. Super-cheap, and easy to get in and out. This place has been around longer than most restaurants in New Oreans, too!Havent been here since I was a kid living in the East.    Everything was excellent: obviously made from scratch.     Service was great as well: will no doubt be a stop of mine.Food is awesome and the bread is the right texture I have shrimp or oyster po boy sandwich very goodDo not get the place confused with Deanie's Seafood in the French Quarter. This deanie's has been around longer and it is better. This place is not anywhere near the tourist areas. It's in East New Olreans, where few tourists go. It's a local joint, with local food. Had lunch here and the lunch menu was inexpensive.
I had the garlic bread which is DELICIOUS. Fresh made on french baguette. I had red beans and rice with smoked sausage ($5.95) and it was a huge bowl of red beans with a decent sized scoop of rice. It wasn't any different tasting than others i've had, meaning that it is good. Not outstanding. The smoked sausage is very good. Also tried the bacon wrapped fried gulf shrimp. Really, really good. Came with yellow rice that tasted just ok and some peas. This was $6.99 or so, if memory serves me correctly. It is very casual inside and the service is very very good. Friendly staff. Would def recommend if you want to stay away from the touristy areas...Great service. Friendly and helpful with recommendations. The trout was great. Fresh and tender but crisp on the outside.This place has awsome food with huge portions I had the jack leg chicken it's jambalaya with gumbo on it and a fried chicken breast on top covered in mozzarella cheese it's one of those dishes you keep eating even thou you are about popFantastic lunch menu!  Shrimp Creole was very good.  Three stars for being out of a lunch special at 12:30, and a dessert item at close to the same time.Crab Three Way is incredible!!  Crab Bisque, Crab Linguini and a whole Soft Shell Crab with a salad delightfully prepared for a great price!I love a simple uncomplicated restaurant. I personally believe that time should be spent on the recipes in the kitchen and that decor is just a justification to charge more. Deanie's always reinforces my beliefs. There's no big drink menu but ask the bartender for a drink with a certain liquor or a certain flavor and you get a custom made fantastic treat. Today I wanted a drink with strawberries but not a margarita and I ended up with a strawberry and cream martini. 
I also ordered the stuffed shrimp and hot crab dip. Both are particular favorites of mine. Nothing like a fancy drink and some appetizers to make an afternoon special.some old school new orleans up in here.   great solid food, tasty, and filled with a simple atmosphere.   located on drum and hayne, right in the fish school of streets.   how appropo!  came in on a rainy friday, and had the dining area to ourselves, but you could tell as we were leaving?  they about to be in the weeds.   nice bar, everyone friendly, and great new orleans standards.  white beans n shrimp?   red beans n rice?  bbq shrimp!  homemade ranch dressing....    yum.
most excellent.  places like this?  simple and good?  are disappearing post K.  this is an original.   I hope I never say Ain't dere no mo.   cause baby?  this is it.Fish was not seasoned and batter didn't stick, so the breading just fell apart. The macaroni and cheese was just thrown together and placed on top of the bread and fish. My fish and bread was covered in cheese sauce. Disappointed!!!Just ate dinner there very good excellent food Good portions and great service  Prices are reasonableThis is a gem of a restaurant with a long history in New Orleans. The food is great with recipe's originating from Deanies on Annunciation. The menu items and preparations are similar to what locals eat at home. Highly recommended for New Orleans' food at its most local.Excellent fried soft shell crab. Friendly staff, a little off the beaten path but definitely worth it.This is a terrific place to eat GREAT food. 10 daily lunch specials plus regular menu items to choose from. This is the best tasting food for the price in the East. I have been eating lunch here for 5 years and have never been dissapointed. As another review points out, this location is not affiliated with the Bucktown or Werehouse locations. The food at Deanie's on Haynes is far more superior and you get more for your money. I would (and do) recommend this place to anyone who likes "grandma's style" home cooking.Visited this cozy spot during my stay in NOLA. Everybody there makes you feel right at home. The food was delicious and so fresh. If you've been to any Deanies and want to go again...I suggest visiting this location. So upset they didn't have bread pudding.Great spot on Hayne Blvd. revisited today after learning that the Walnut Room Is closed. Terrific o-rings and oysters perfectly fried. Only open during the week and a real oasis in this part of NO EAST.
YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.....!!!!!!I love everything about this place. Its off the beaten path a little but worth it. Definitely go hungry or make room in your hotel fridge. While you are deciding what to order they put a bowl of potatoes on your table to munch on. Yeah...that should let you know what you are in for. I went with the fried shrimp platter and it was amazing. Great services, huge portions and worth a visit!The chargrilled oysters are to die for. They have $.50 oyster happy hour as well. The prime rib is fabulous and there's a half bar half restaurant set up for whatever mood you're inGreat reason to visit New Orleans East. This restaurant is great for dine in and carry out. Deanie's offer good, consistent, and affordable food. They also give generous portions. 
I recently went here with my friend. I got the breaded veal, macaroni and cheese, squash, and salad all for $11.95. The entire meal was good and I had plenty left to take home. The macaroni and cheese was the standout dish for me, super cheesy and tasty. My friend got the bang bang shrimp wrap with twisty fries all for $11.95, she was thoroughly pleased with the meal.  Our entire meal was only $31.45, now that's a deal! 
I definitely recommend this restaurant. Good location (on Haynes Blvd) and plenty of parking.The food was excellent, the service was beyond great, and the food was very reasonably priced. This was a warm welcome to New Orleans for us! Please do yourself a favor and go here for light and crispy fried seafood, creamy seafood pasta, or one of their cakes for dessert.The Best Louisiana Seafood in New Orleans !!!
Love the Crab Cakes, Stuffed Shrimp, Boiled Shrimp, BBQ Shrimp, and Seafood Gumbo....Deanie's was actually our second choice after my friend's go-to seafood joint on the lake had closed up for the night. We were not disappointed!
We were looking over the menu when The Showboat, and its $42 price tag, caught my eye. I laughingly pointed it out, along with its litany of items: four stuffed clams, catfish, fried shrimp, stuffed shrimp, fried oysters, fries, onion rings, and two salads. "Oh, so it feeds two people...wanna do that?" 
The only thing "two people" about the Showboat is the salads, which I think they just throw in there to lure you into a false sense that you've done at least something to eat responsibly tonight. The main attraction arrives balanced precariously on half a loaf of garlic bread, which I never got to. The stuffing in the clams and stuffed shrimp, more peppery than spicy, is marvelous! The fish is moist and tender, and the battered coating on the shrimp, oysters, and onion rings is crisp without being greasy. I'd never been a big fan of "ersters," as my NOLA native friend says it, but these changed my mind! We threw in the towel about halfway in, and even the next day the bread, some fries and a couple of onion rings went to the dogs. Not the seafood, though!
You can eat at tables or the bar, which has a decent selection of local beers along with the standards. The vibe is very laid-back and local, right down to the fabulous Y'at accent of our lovely waitress. Looking forward to coming back in November!Best surprise in New Orleans!!! The bring potatoes to the table with your drinks (instead of bread and butter), they are the potatoes from a seafood boil. Just mash them up with some butter and you won't be disappointed. The gumbo and crawfish bisque are phenomenal! Definitely get the fried crab claws and fried artichokes for appetizers! They have a giant platter that comes with a taste of everything and it's enough for about 5-6 people to split. This place is away from Bourbon St but you won't regret it!!!Haven't been here in about 20 years! Would always pass Deanie's but thought they were closed, well that's because they are only open Monday-Friday from 11am to 4pm. I was glad to support this New Orleans East restaurant, it is truly a hidden gem. They have your typical New Orleans seafood dishes and great lunch specials. I had the Bang Bang Shrimp Wray with Twisty Fries. Being a fry lover, the twisty(curly) fries were on point. The wrap was tasty. It reminded me of a shrimp po boy dressed, just on a tomato wrap, don't quote me on the wrap. I tried my friend's veal and squash, also came with Mac and cheese. The veal was tender and fried in Italian bread crumbs, a must try. Squash was the veggie served with it and they were simply cooked to my liking. I can't wait to try some other lunch specials. If you are in the area during lunch, you should give them a try. Until me meet again!Stopped in for a very affordable lunch. This is what authentic New Orleans food is. New Orleans food isn't served in small fancy platters. It's served hot, well seasoned, and in large portions. Authentic New Orleans food is never meant to be enjoyed alone. My red beans and rice plate embodied all of these attributes perfectly, even the company!!!Great fried catfish and baked macaroni special. Affordable and quick service. Very clean bathrooms.Stopped in for an under $15 lunch had a chicken Parmesan and a side salad with a fresh glass of homemade tea.
The cook knows all too well how to fry let me tell you this piece of chicken was fried perfectly.
As for portions I took half of it home as it was just too much to eat served on a bed of angel hair pasta with the red sauce.I felt like I was at home here. Food was delicious and staff was very inviting. Will be coming here againI live about a block from here and I order from time to time. I thought I'd try it since it was so close and I've  heard decent reviews from a few locals. I'll tell ya the food isn't all that wonderful. Not for the prices they want you to pay. Its really hit or miss. 
I had to find them on fb just to find the menu. Their schedule is a little weird, they clpse at 4 pm mon-thurs and they're only open until 9 on fridays. I just realized they serve dinner on Friday too. 
I've had their fish and veggies which was not bad. My wife recently ordered food for her birthday dinner, the steak was not cooked well, the flavor wasn't anything to write home about. I had the seafood potato.. it looked pretty loaded and I was impressed by looks alone. However. after eating the potato, looks aren't everything. it really didn't have  a lot of seafood.. the bottom was dry and the skin looked kinda burnt. 
My father in law ordered a po -boy a while back and he was very disappointed..They really need a better chef.  I'll probably order different things because its so close, but if you're looking for great tasting food everytime for a reasonable price Just go to the other Deanies lolGreat service and food! They have a great everyday menu with changing specials daily, ALL great! A little out of the way but completely worth it!I've eaten here a few times. I usually order to go. The food is delicious! I can't complain.My mother in law always talks about Deanies. She's a NOLA native who now lives in San Antonio Tx and misses the fried seafood she used to eat when she was younger. We decided to visit family and this place was at the top of our list to eat. 
We were seated promptly and the waitress was very nice. We ordered the bbq shrimp for our appetizer and it was delicious! Messy but so worth it! They give you seasoned potatoes instead of bread and I think that's so weird. It tasted ok and my son loved them but I wasn't impressed.My husband and I got the half seafood platter and my son got a shrimp platter. Everything was fried to perfection.  It all kinda tastes the same after a while but that's to be expected I guess. Next time I'm gonna order a double order of the bbq shrimp and I'll be content. Will return.The food and staff is way better than the other Deanies location.  The daily lunch specials are always fresh and usually prepared by Ms. Deanie or her grandson, Steven.  If you're a regular, they will even whip up something special for you.   The location isnt much to look at, but the food is amazing!!  I havent had anything from there that i did not like.  I love that the waitstaff knows their customers by name and will call you honey or darlin.  It reminds me the waitresses at Brunnings or Jaegers when they were in Westend.  Overall Deanie's on Hayne is a great local place with great seafood and great prices.The customer service here is great.  It is a very intimate little spot with carryout and bar food through one door and restaurant through the other.  The menu is very limited but smart because it allows for decent quality control.  The only issue I had with the food is that with the fries you could very clearly taste that they were not fried in a separate grease from all the other fried foods.  Please be advised that they are limiting their hours at this location as of July11th so you may want to call to be sure they are open before you head out.My husband and I went to eat here last Friday night with our son and the food was amazing!  The restaurant is under new management and the food took a drastic makeover!  We might have found out Friday night restaurant. They servers were great and the beer was certainly COLD!  Husband said the oysters were one of best tasting oysters  he'd had in a time.    We will be back!!I was surprised to have a disappointing experience, as I was excited to try another Deanie's location. We ordered a redfish lunch special and a shrimp po boy to go, then waited a good 20-30 minutes for it to come out. The place was not crowded. One of the servers had no mask whatsoever, and the other had one that was below her nose. One of the (maskless) cooks walked through the dining room, evidently on a grocery run for canned corn (which he completed during the time I was waiting for our food to be prepared). The food was mediocre when we finally received it. The redfish was meh/dry and the poboy was not overstuffed. However, the smothered green beans (green beans with tomato sauce and sausage) were good, as was the side of French bread. The staff was friendly. Maybe it was an off day?The food did not disappoint! We are from Austin, Tx and everything was amazing!!! Haven't been to Deanie's in over 5 years. Thanks for the great food and service!!!!Because of my love for the Deanies in Metairie, I decided to try this location as well... .& Both places are very different.
PROS: 
-LOVE the traditional setting and ambience of the place.. Definitely a place to get down and grub dirty with finger licking food! (Deanies in Metairie seem a tad pretentious.. Hate that!)
-Service ; very helpful & friendly
-Prices 
-Specials 
CONS:
-Seafood platter, not real fried oysters, more like oyster stuffing. NO soft shell crab..yet again..a crabby crab stuffing.
Yep! No more cons..! 
All in all not a bad close to home seafood grub pub in New Orleans East. Waitress was so southerly friendly.
-Yes, credit cards are accepted.
-Not wheelchair accessible, but the bump isn't so bad to roll over with a little help.
-Open Monday's-Thursday's&Saturday's @11-4pm, Friday@11-9pm. CLOSED Sunday's.