The service was a bit subpar but okay. The food portion is small and should be doubled or 1.5 to maintain the popularity. Also the bao flour needs to be worked on.Damn this was worth the wait! The hostess was so nice and accommodating. The service was great considering the short staff and how busy they were. The food was 10/10. So worth the wait! Reasonably priced too. My photos are crap because we couldn't wait to take a picture to dig in. My favorite item was the xiao long bao!They're new and have a few kinks to work out but the food is undeniably amazing. It's so nice to finally have a good dim sum place in New Orleans.Best authentic Asian food in Nola! Don't be in a rush if you go, they are new and they are swamped with peeps that want everything they have to offer! Went twice already this month and may have to go one more time before February ends. GET THE SNOW PEA TIPS!!! Bright fresh idea and you'll need a veggie to go with all the dumplinsNew restaurant alert!  Authentic Chinese food in Nola!  Parking isn't easy because it's in the quarters but it is worth it!  The spices and flavors were a party in my mouth.  Small plates that are shareable.  We started with the salt n pepper wings, basil popcorn shrimp and bok choy.  The hot n sour dumpling soup has cilantro, chili and delicious pork
Flavor.  Very reasonably priced.  Delivery is available only in the quarters.  Staff is very friendly.  BYOB...no liquor license yet.I was excited to try this new dim sum place and eagerly made the trek to the French Quarter today.  Unfortunately, I had a disappointing experience there. 
The place is pretty small so there was a 45 minute wait. They kindly took our number so they could call us when our table was ready. I believe we only waited about 30 minutes but that might be due to the problem they had in their kitchen. Apparently, something broke that rendered at least half the menu unavailable. The waiter was very apologetic and I certainly understand that these things happen. We ordered from what was available.
The food was . . . okay. It wasn't bad, certainly but it definitely didn't stand out as anything amazing. The pork bao and the shrimp bacon bites were pretty good. I liked the crepe but my boyfriend didn't. The basil chicken was ok but mostly breading. My boyfriend found it oddly sweet. The eggroll wasn't good. The food wasn't bad, just nothing I'd go out of my way to eat again.Xiaolong Bao New Orleans style! Quite impressed with the authenticity. Moved here from the east coast and have been in search of delicious Xiaolong Bao. Found it! Love the crab and crawfish Xiaolong Bao, of course the traditional pork is a must have as well. No wait. Reasonably priced. The service was excellent! Quick and attentive. Will be back for sure.be prepared to wait 45 minutes for your food....even on a slow tuesday with no line.... only got to eat 2 out of the 4 items we ordered and had to get the rest in a to go box to eat later.... was in there 1 1/2 hours... just trying to get a quick simple late lunch. You wouldn't think sauteed broccoli would take too long.... but it sure did...put it in a togo box. You wouldn't think that fried wontons would take forever... but they sure did.... another togo box....  Also, two weeks prior, I tried to place a phone order.... called 3x... phone rings forever and they never answered..... I've never experienced an Asian restaurant that wasn't super fast..... this place... super slow.... be prepared to wait and watch all the people around you doing the same thing you are.... twiddling their thumbs.... looking around and around.... and waiting....Loved this food! So much flavor, it felt really authentic. The cabbage was on point and the noodles were great! Service was kind and helpful. There are byob so plan accordingly!They may be small and very busy all the time but the wait is def. worth it, the staff is amazing and all the food options are to die for. Highly recommend.Pretty sure I already wrote a review. So lucky to have them in our neighborhood the food is just amazing.  Completely understand how they ran out of food not expecting the warm welcome they got.  Outstanding job keep it upWho would think that the best Chinese food is in New Orleans?! God bless this restaurant. A must is the salt and pepper pork chop it is to die for. The hot tea selection is great and their dim sum is excellent. I will definitely come back here when I'm in town.First time I try this place. It was a small cozy restaurant. The food is pretty good. However, I am only interested in the appetizers. All the entrees we got were kinda blank. It does not take long for the food. However, You may wanna do yourself a favor. Leave them your phone number and they will contact you once they have a table for you. I didnt know that at first that we had to wait for almost 1 hour.Try the sesame chicken, it's very good. Well priced great portioned Chinese restaurant in the French quarter. One of the best I have ever tried. Service is a bit long but it's well worth the wait!The food here is great! And the price is reasonable! The service blows though this is the first time in ages that I left a 0 tip every meal came out separate and it took forever for my moms soup to come she ended up eating my food and our side items and took the soup to go. The waitress never asked us if we needed anything or how the food was. I guess since it's foreigners they don't really careWhat a poor poor way to treat people!  Awful!  My daughter and her friends went and ordered with 5 people, when they got the bill there was an 18% "fee" automatically added.  They asked what the "fee" was for and no one seemed to know.  Someone said maybe it was because they had 5 people. As if the kids wouldn't tip? Oh, and there was still a line for them to add a tip. So randomly adding an unexplainable "fee" just because they are teenagers and afraid they wouldn't tip...not cool.  Oh, and they didn't have 1/2 the things they tried to order!The best Chinese food in the French Quarter.  This restaurant is fairly new but the food is amazing.  A must try is the crab and crawfish bao.We tried a bunch of small plates, soup dumplings, and a beef stew crepe. All amazing.The food was ok but the staff was very unprofessional. They make us wait for 45 mins, saying that another group is coming who have reservations, but that group never showed up. Moreover, the waitress was super rude and talked to us very arrogantly whenever we asked her about it.Coming from Los Angeles with an abundance of Chinese food, I was pleasantly surprised at the authenticity of this local spot. They use lots of spices and every dish was flavorful and delicious! Was so happy to have soup on a cold day, it really hit the spot after a few days of creole cuisine. Had cucumber salad, popcorn chicken, spicy wontons and beef jianbing. Would recommend every item and totally want come back to try the dumplings.  Hot buckwheat tea was also delicious!Best (only?) good real Chinese in the city. Pretty much every dish is amazing. Avoid the typical chinese american dishes (tso, honey chicken) because thats not what Dian Xin is aboutResiding from Gulfport, MS, I found this place on Yelp. So we had to try. They don't take reservations and a bit of a wait but well worth it. We tried their xiao long bao, shu mai, stir fried noodles in XO sauce, sautéed string beans with garlic, sizzling garlic shrimp, combo fried rice, pan fried pork dumplings, and pork riblets (sorry no picture). Everything was delicious however for me, the XLB was bland even with the sauce and ginger mix. Best XLB's ever can be found at Crystal Jade but that's in Hong Kong so Dian Xin will do for now. We'll definitely come back to try other menu items.The food is really good. It is fresh and authentic Chinese food.  There is always a wait so call ahead and put your name on the waiting list. It also takes a while for the good to come out. But it's worth the wait.We finally have a soup dumpling spot in Nola! Small intimate space and right now it's always busy but worth the wait. We came with a group of 4 which we thought was perfect for Sharing and seating Because there's not many. I heard this was the same owners as Little Chinatown in Kenner which I love! Love the picture menus but took one star off only because we ordered a bunch of stuff that wasn't put in which was a bummer and we wished the food came out more together rather than one by one and sporadic, but no worries because the food was good, so we'll be back and hopefully by then, it'll be worked out for a better experience. 
Food: 
- JIAN BING - first time having this and I really enjoyed the flavors and textures. (Like a crepe filled with whatever meat you want) We got the shrimp and it was battered and fried and balanced the sweetness of the sauce. There's also fried wonton inside for that crunch I crave.
- CRAB & CRAWFISH BAO - I actually prefer these over the pork xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Just be very mindful to not burn your mouth. Bite a pocket to release the steam. We had to ask for spoons to hold the soup in. They don't tell you how to mix the sauces for these but add a little soy and vinegar and some chili for dipping. 
- BASIL POPCORN CHICKEN - crispy and savory. Wish there was a spicy option 
- COMBO FRIED RICE - I usually don't care for fried rice but something about the flavor had me coming back for more! 
- SPICY WONTONS - my personal fave 
- STEAM PORK & CHIVE DUMPLING - mix some soy and chili for dipping. 
- SNOW PEAS W/ GARLIC - So simple but I LOVE Asian style veggies.Everything we ate was AH-Mazing Salt and Pepper squid was our favorite and everything we had was hone made and so tasty. We ate until couldn't any more then got some to go for dinner.....We have been to Dian Xin several times in a week sometimes, the food is AMAZING!  Not only is the food incredible, but the service rocks too, from the front of the house to the back.  Ms. Judy is the owner and is extremely personable and approachable, but she is BUSY.  I cannot recommend this place enough, be sure to plan for a wait as it is THE place in NOLA right now and the line forms outside the building.  I have no doubt that this restaurant will make your tummies VERY HAPPY!  Say hi to Bonnie while you are there.Each of the dishes I tried were good. Nothing really blew me away. I'm still looking for a good dim sum place in New Orleans and i don't think I've found it yet.  My favorite was probably the wontons with spicy sauce, it was the fish with the most flavor. You could tell each of the dumplings/dishes was hand made and good quality but there was just something lacking with this restaurant.Food is extremely delicious and hot served. But the space is kind of tight and there's always a wait even I have an appointment or not. Still love it and will come backThis is the best Chinese food I've had in New Orleans. This restaurant opened recently near my workplace and my coworkers and I must go here for lunch two or three times a week. The egg rolls, fried wontons, pork bao and chive cakes are my favorite appetizers and as for entrees, I'm partial to both the sesame and the honey chicken. They have delicious hot tea and matcha lava cakes for dessert as well and the staff are always friendly! A wonderful addition to lower Decatur street.Found this Chinese place - tasty!  Tried wonton soup, crawfish and crab XLB, chive cakes and green beans with garlic.  Delighted we found this gem.  Skins are clearly housemade - nicely chewy and not too thick.  Wonton soup was rich, mmm.  Chive cake was full of chives, which is not always the case; wish skin was a bit thinner but still yummy. I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area and this place stands up!  Heard this place just opened this year and the chef is originally from Hong Kong and used to run a like place in NYC.  Worth trying - I may come back on this same trip to try their noodles, which are likely housemade tooWe tried so many things, but my favorite was the Chinese crepe! Get it, it's unique but more importantly it is delicious. Savory and nicely seasoned.
We also tried the pork shumai but it was not remotely my favorite shumai. It had big mushroom chunks that I didn't enjoy at all and had a stronger shrimp flavor than I prefer. Also, no dipping sauce was brought and I do enjoy them with some kind of sauce rather than soy. 
We tried the pork bao and the bun had a good texture but it had an anise flavor that I didn't enjoy. However my husband loved them.
Next they brought out the chicken mozzarella balls which were like nothing I've ever had or seen. Imagine a chicken nugget in a crunchy panko coating, but then filled with a large chunk of mozzarella that melts during the frying process. Interesting sweet mayo dipping sauce that really made the dish.
Lastly they brought generals chicken which was some of the best we ever had. All white meat chicken, lightly battered with a pretty delicate General tso sauce. Didn't have any chemical overpowering taste like some varieties of this dish usually have. 
Service was fast, pleasant and helpful! Can't wait to be in the area to visit again and try more of the great dim sum and dishes!
Also they said they were getting their liquor license soon so expect amazing cocktails soon!The food really good. It is fresh and authentic Chinese food.  There is always a wait, so call ahead and put your name on the waiting list. It also takes a while for the food to come out. But it's worth the wait.  The hot and sour soup is amazing. They don't serve alcohol, but they allow you to bring drinks in.I am updating my first Review !! I was upset with the service here . The Owners must have been reading !! The Service has improved 100 percent . And the food as wonderful as ever !! The cabbage is great .The crepes are amazing . The bao is amazing . Dumpling are amazing . The hot and sour soup amazing . Umm what else .. The Bokchoy is so great . I've tried three of the crepes , shrimp,  chicken and beef as they are all great, my favorite is the beef . They are applying for their license to serve alcohol.Excellent Chinese dim sum. A bit loud but plenty of energetic staff to get the food out fast and hot.Went here with a group of 7 friends on a Saturday night and we loved the place. The wonton spicy sauce was our favorite but everything was great. The staff were super friendly, helpful and charming. Can't wait to go back!The food is fantastic, and so are the staff. People complaining about wait time are clearly missing that 'to go' is an option, and that any place that's excellent is typically going to be packed, no matter how big. I've been eating here about weekly since they opened, and it's consistently excellent.Love dumplings? Jianbing and all around super tasty Chinese.. this place is top shelf on all fronts. If I eat soup dumplings for a living and the crabmeat/crawfish dumplings are amaze balls and the jiambing is delicious as well.The food here was so amazing! Everyone was so nice and welcoming. The waitress we had was very helpful and consistent. I had the wonton with spicy sauce and honey chicken. And wow! The flavor was just amazing... This was one spot that I was glad I came across. Such a cute little place as well.So I have to start off by saying that my entire elite food experience that I was waiting for did not come from the traditional creole restaurants. 
It came from here. The restaurant is new, small and a simple hole in the wall- with about 15 tables. 
When we arrived were told 45 minutes wait- we weren't daunted- we put our names down and took a stroll around town.
About 20 mins later we arrived back to see where we ascended to on the wait list- bad news the host accidentally crossed our names off to - good news the table was ready so we were seated immediately and apologized to.
We ordered the crab and crawfish Bao, at first I was apprehensive but it rocked my entire world ! 
Be careful when eating it because I burnt myself despite my waitresses careful instruction! 
I followed up with the general tso om**********g 
It was divine, spicy as hell, but scrumptious. For the price you absolutely cannot beat it. This is our first time in Louisiana and I have to say this is the only restaurant we have committed to visiting twice. Also, I read a lot of negative comment about the waiters but excellent food- Great news - it seems like they have new staff and the food is still amazing ! Check them out!!The service was pretty terrible the first time I went here but the food was so undeniably good I just can't give it a lower rating.  The service improved a little during my last two dine-ins. Beware if you have food restrictions because the menu seems to be vague. I received two items that I thought were vegetarian but had meat. I also had a friend who can't eat certain things due to religious beliefs be dooped by poor menu descriptions.  The runner girl (all three visits I have made here) runs away as fast as possible so you don't have time to ask for anything.Delicious Chinese restaurant! I ordered the soup dumplings, crepe, and orange chicken. My one complaint was that a majority of the items have pork and going with my friend who does not eat pork it was semi difficult to order together. The soup dumplings were delicious but harder to eat than I thought they would be but tasty anyway! The crepe was very interesting and unlike anything I've previously had but extremely delicious as well. When going there make sure to utilize the waitlist function on yelp because they tend to get very busy!Incredible. Bao are great, dumplings delicious, basil popcorn chicken a delight. Go here for food as much as you physically can.Fairly new restaurant with familiar faces. It's owned by former Little Chinatown people. It's located not far from Frenchman St. and Cafe Du Monde. So be prepared to go in circles to find street parking. 
We probably should've waited a few weeks before giving it a try but we couldn't help but to be excited and eager to go. A group of us decided to have a late dinner on a Sunday, and boy, was the wait long. It was expected though. We were estimated for a forty-five minute wait that ended up being close to two hours. We honestly thought about leaving and probably should've but we really wanted to give it a try. After an hour, we kept thinking it was going to be ok, that we would've been next. Well, after being seated, our total dining time was probably another close to two hours. So yes, we were there for about four hours, from start to end. Was it worth it? No, it wasn't. Don't get me wrong, the food were good but definitely not great enough to have spent that many hours there. 
So, the main thing we came for was the xiao long bao (soup dumplings). It was good but I wish there were more filling and soup inside. Some actually didn't had any broth in it. Came to find out, the poor owner was making them as orders were going through. I'm guessing they underestimated things and wasn't expecting the high volume and demand.
Our order list: 
* Cucumber salad - simple, nothing too special
* Basil popcorn chicken - good but wish there was a dipping sauce
* Xiao long bao
* Crabmeat & crawfish bao - good but had more stuffing than the xiao long bao
* Crawfish jianbing (Chinese style crepe) - too sweet for my liking
* Hot & sour soup
* Sauteed string beans with garlic - asked for extra garlic but didn't really see or tasted much in it. Still good though. 
* Spicy chilled noodle bowl - light and refreshing 
* Wonton with spicy sauce - loved!
* Sizzling garlic shrimp - good but was not sizzling on skillet
* Sizzling blackened steak - salty and also wasn't sizzling
* Salted fish and chicken fried rice - opted for no chicken. I usually don't like salted fish but it was pretty good. 
Overall, the food were good but I'm still wondering why they weren't delivered hot. The only ones that were hot were the crabmeat bao and popcorn chicken, which were the last two dishes to be delivered. Majority of the dishes came out one by one. Service was ok, not as attentive but they did fine for it being as pack as they were. I honestly would give this place a 3 1/2 stars but I'll round up. I think they'll be able to work out their kinks. Hope this place is here to stay!Amazing dim sum! They work out of a small kitchen so it takes a little longer for food to come out but the wait is worth it. 
Anytime I'm in the Quarter, I always try to convince my friends to go because it's so yummy!Hands down, best Chinese cuisine in Nola.  Insider tip- BYOB, don't expect dim sum carts, & plan to show up early if you have a large party-- no reservations.  With all that said, the food is seriously AMAZING and staff are friendly and accommodating.  We ordered lots of small plates to share.  Every single plate was followed by "this is the best" and "can't wait to come back" by everyone at our table.  Lots of picky and high maintenance friends included ;) Outstanding Chinese cuisine!  Look forward to my next visit.We went for the first time today! Everything was amazing. We went in the afternoon and they weren't busy! Everything we tried was fantastic. We can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu. Food and service was great!This place is a must-go! If you're into Chinese food restaurant style, this is your spot. My fiancé and I had the pork ribs, hot and sour dumpling soup and the sizzling garlic shrimp plate. Sizzling it was! It comes with white onions, bell pepper and green onions chopped up. Very good! Also comes with a small cup of white rice. Everything was very flavorful and tasty! Come see them!!Best Chinese in the Quarter!!!
Soup dumplingsBlackened peppersteak
Hot&Sour soupSeaweed&beancurd salad
Authentic flavors.We will enjoy tasting the entire menu.
Staff helpful and friendly,gave great recommendations.Fantastic experience, great addition to the Qtr. everything was fantastic, especially soup dumplingsMy husband and mother in law are Cantonese. 
I NEVER expected to find a LEGIT delicious Chinese restaurant. It was so amazing. 
I am still dreaming about the bok choy with garlic. 
I thought the dumplings were made in house with care and love and we're just perfect. 
Wow. I wish this restaurant was in Austin. I would eat here everyday.Pro: good-quality & authentic food; great location; clean table; 
Con: serving is not enough for someone who's hungry; it took us 45 min to get a tableI absolutely love this place. I have been about 5 times now since they've opened, and it is always great. I love telling people about this place because it opens their eyes to a more authentic take on Chinese cuisine.
Some favorites that we always order include Basil Popcorn Chicken, Salt and Pepper Wings, Shu Mai, Wontons in Chili Oil/Spicy Sauce, Xiao Long Bao, Steamed Pork Bao, Szechuan chicken/beef, and Green Beans in Garlic Sauce. Everything tastes fresh and flavorful. Their food always comes out quick as well, so that's a great benefit if you want a quick lunch.
The owner and family always greet me when I'm there and check on us. I enjoy that they make an effort to get to know us personally even if it is just on a quick visit.
If you do visit, say hi to Bonnie! She's usually the hostess/person that checks you in. She will always check on you and remember when you come back.We planned a pretty long trip in NOLA and I needed a break from some fried food and fresh oysters (which were all amazing!). After a long day in park city, we stopped at Dian Xin before heading to Frenchmen St. The xiao long bao and veggie were flavorful! We also ordered  the crispy shrimp plate which made an excellent accompaniment to a bowl of rice.Ok food. Place is very crowded and small. My favorite thing that I ordered is the wontons in a spicy sauce. The service was slow. Checked on us maybe twice. The food didn't come out all at once but one at a time, like every 5 minutes.This is seriously the best Chinese food we have had in years. Everything we had was delicious. The hot and sour soup was amazing and the Szechuan chicken was the best I have ever had. It's a small space so be prepared to wait, but it is so worth it.This was unequivocally the best meal I've had in New Orleans (maybe my entire life) There was a wait list of seven tables before us which isn't bad, it was totally worth it. Had the xao bao soup dumplings and some beef and broccoli both were amazing! The service was exceptional 10/10 will eat here again before I leave! Loved it.Long bao, hot and sour dumpling soup, and egg rolls are the best! Addictingly good food. Friendly staff.Lots of yummy options you can't find anywhere else. Also soup dumplings that don't tear as soon as you try to remove them from the lining of the bamboo steamer!If you need recommendations I got you! The owners daughter hooked me up with a run down. Things circled twice are my favorite!! This place is amazing! 
-@thegreatimpastaso i've eaten here about 3-4 times, and every time was pretty good! my family really enjoys this, as it's the closest thing we can get to din tai fung in nola. the food is good- these are my faves: green beans, sezhuan chicken/beef, wonton soup, pan fried bao, basil chicken. the xiao long bao are also really good! the skin is thin but doesn't break, so it keeps all that broth in. i haven't tried the seafood one yet, but i really want to. the wontons are sooo good! in the soup or the spicy version. the green beans are sooooo good. it's my favorite. they're wrinkly and the sauce is so good. it's also fairly affordable! each dish is around $7-$13, and you really don't need to order much! but there's so much variety and we end up ordering so much most the time, lol. i didn't really enjoy the steamed pork bun, it was a little over steamed and mushy, the shu mai is definitely not the best, but it's okay. the servers are always great and wonderful, super attentive. the place is small though, so they can't seat many, so if you go at a popular time you will have to wait. i once went when they first opened, and there was no wait, but i've also went at peak dinner hour and there was like a 45 minute wait. so if you don't want to wait, just make sure you go at a good time. this is a quality chinese, authentic restaurant in nola! highly recommend if you're trying to experience chinese food that's not panda express.I was ok with this place until later on I checked my credit card Bank Statement. I signed the receipt with 18% of tips, BUT they charged me 25% of tips!!! This is so unethical and disappointing. Do they treat all tourists like that since it's at the quarter? I called the store to ask about this - no apology was offered at all, but instead thought $2.66 meant the world to me. 
Oh also, be careful when you take your kids there. Their plates/bowls have many damaged cuts, which can easily hurt your fingers/mouth.Asian food isn't the first thing you think of when getting food in the French Quarter neighborhood of New Orleans, but it was so so goooood!   There was a waitlist on yelp, so highly recommend that you use that list before you go. We had to wait a little over 40 minutes, but it was definitely worth the wait. The restaurant is small, so not ideal for a large group.
We ordered the shrimp fried rice, vegetable crepe, and crawfish & crabmeat bao. The vegetable crepe had a combination of egg, scallions, fried wonton chips, with hoisin sauce. The crunch from the wonton chips went really well with the vegetables and the rest of the crepe. The sauce is slightly sweet and salty, and complimented the crepe really well. The crawfish & crabmeat bao was my favorite. Plenty of meat in the dumplings and the soup broth is very flavorful. I could have had at least 20 more if I tried. The shrimp fried rice was cooked perfectly. Good size shrimp and plenty of it. Had the right amount of soy sauce and wasn't overly salty. 
Service was very good. Food was brought out hot and didn't have to wait too long for food when we sat down. Highly recommend that you come here if you are in New Orleans. Can't imagine there being a better Asian option.Excellent dim sum! Easily the best I've had in town. Seating is a little limited, but worth the wait. Their service is excellent and turnover is pretty fast. The menu covers a wide range of more traditional chinese fare, and their food quality was excellent. Will definitely go again.This place did not disappoint! The food was amazing, the staff was very welcoming and attentive. Make sure you add yourself to the waitlist before you start getting ready because this place stays busy from open- close!Because of all of the awesome reviews about Dian Xin, my daughter and I drove from Old Jefferson to try this new place. We ordered two appetizers, crabmeat & crawfish boa, salt and pepper squid, and sizzling garlic shrimp entree to split..... We waited so long to get our waters that I went to the water station and got my own water. My daughter also had ordered a coke, and we had to ask several times before that showed up.
What did show up 1st was the entree, the sizzling shrimp. The shrimp was warm, but far for sizzling..... It was tasty, but no rice, nor was there a serving spoon. I asked the waiter if it was common for the entree to come out before the appetizers and he said food comes out whenever things are ready - if we had order soup, it may have come out last. Next came the squid - we asked for a dipping sauce, but never got one. Then we flagged down our waiter and he said use soy sauce. The basket of squid was rather small and half of the basket was filled with lettuce so it looked like you were getting a basket of squid when indeed you were getting only half a basket. Finally, the crabmeat and crawfish boa arrived. I kid you not, if there was 1 teaspoon of stuffing in this dumpling that would be generous. Of course there was no sauce - so you better be a big lover of soy sauce to enjoy this restaurant . My daughter and I are not large eaters at all, but we had no left overs and were barely full..... Not at all worth the hype in my opinion ~This may have been the best chinese food I've ever had. I care with two other people and we all shared the popcorn chicken with basil, xiao long bao, wontons in spicy sauce, szechuan chicken, and mongolian beef. Every single dish was amazing. I've never tasted anything like the szechuan chicken before. The xiao long bao was delicious, but be careful as the broth inside is very veryAwesome place. I missed Dim sum from west coast and this place brings back memories. Everything i had was on point. No misses. Except it's cooked to order which is great for heat and flavor but i miss the rolling carts with food on them from places i grew up with.Loved this place! My husband and I popped in on a Sunday night. Def recommend joining the waitlist online if you can bc it gets busy and the place and small, but cozy and very clean. Simple menu with plenty of authentic options. Great for sharing, we had wonton soup, pork steam dumplings, house fried rice, seaweed salad, and the garlic bok choy. Everything came out hot and fresh! Food was good and the service was friendly! Will def be back next time we visit Nola.The dim sum is pretty good here and it's worth the wait. The prices aren't bad either, and they have a wide selection of menu options to choose from. I'd recommend you add yourself to the waitlist to avoid waiting after you arrive there to save some time.This place is seriously good. The soup dumpling are freakin delicious!!! Also the book choy and shumai... get it all!Hole in the wall but "regular" New Orleans food in the french quarter was putting me off with price and wait time so I ended up here for the best dumpings I ever had. Even the tea was very tasty. And although it was packed, service and wait time were all perfectly acceptable.You will not be disappointed.  We had the beef and eggplant. Perfection.  
They are really doing everything right. 
Do the waitlist. They will text you while you walk around when your table is ready.
The space is small but you know how the saying goes, great things in small packages. 
This rivals New York chinese, they are on my favorites list.First trip was really good. All of the food was delicious and the service was low key but got the job done. Second time, we went for lunch on a day when it was less than half full so we expected a repeat of the first time. It took five minutes for the server to come take our order and then we saw him leave the restaurant (on an errand?). After 30 minutes we had no food--not even waters. Meanwhile other guests who came in 15-20 minutes after us were enjoying their food (some were the same dishes we ordered) and drinks. We'll try again someday but you better believe we will be on top of the server right out of the gate.
In conclusion, the food we had the first time was good enough that we will try again, but if you go be prepared for some amateurish service.This restaurant says they don't take reservations but we arrived early tonight with a party of 9 and they wouldn't seat us because they had a reservation for 15 which wasn't here. Our party of 9 was all present and ready to be seated. Apparently there's a difference between calling them ahead and reservations? We waited another 15 minutes decided where to go. Still hadn't seated their 15 people. For everyone who's been here multiple times like myself the BYOB is gone with $15 corkage fee. They made sure to share that after we opened several bottles. All around great service....The soup dumplings were amazing ...excellent service... must try if you're here visiting... make sure you get on the wait list before you goI love a good dumpling and this place really nailed it. It's hard to find xiao long bao where I live so I was very excited to see it on the menu. They came out beautiful glistening dumplings with delicate skins and delicious soupy meaty filling. The wonton soup was the perfect thing to have after a rainy morning. The broth was flavorful but not overwhelming. Beautifully tender baby bok choy and crispy fried shallots topped it off . We also had the pork bao, crispy fried ribs and wontons with spicy sauce. All excellent. My only little issue was that I ordered green tea but it came out peach green tea which I would've known had I read the menu first. Take a friend and order 2-3 dishes each to share. I'm just hoping to squeeze in another visit before I leave New Orleans.Worth the wait! If you get the chance definitely stop by. The chicken fired rice was AMAZING. Once we sat down and ordered food came out pretty fast and was fresh. 
Make sure to add yourself to the waitlist before you show up so wait time isn't long. Even then the wait was worth it. 
Its a really good place to buy different things to share as a table or order individual meals.
Staff was super nice and just the right amount of attentive. If I could give more stars I would!
Need to add on: The food was so good I started reviewing before we even got the check. The check just came and the total was so much less than expected! Such a great place and great prices!I love this place! We were looking for good dumplings (coming from New York City) this place is just awesome! We've been twice. The customer service is extremely friendly. We've ordered the peppered steak- delicious, Xiao long bao- amazing, spicy wontons- fantastic, fried pork dumplings- couldn't get enough, and the fried rice- perfection! Best suggestion: definitely join the wait list on here, the wait times are very accurate. I will absolutely continue to come here!The best food to come too.. I love them because there food is amazing good. Their sumai is amazing !! I do recommend this place !!Well I honestly don't visit New Orleans for Asian food. However, I decided to try some on this visit. This restaurant is simple, clean and the staff is friendly. I will say the food portions are excellent. I tried the blackened pepper steak. It was just ok to me. I loved all the onions in it. This dish didn't blow me away, but for fast casual Chinese food it was decent. Overall it was an ok experience. It satisfied my craving for Chinese and I left full.