New Orleans born visiting from California, I wanted some good local food and I found it! I got the muffuletta, gumbo and potatoe salad and my boy friend got the chicken parmigiana and it was all super yummy!!Like another yelper has mention, it's not much good local restaurants in the Algiers area and this is a must have. I have tried plenty of their po-boys and lunch specials and haven't been disappointed as of yet. The food is always fresh and hot. I am not one to eat everyone potato salad, but their potato salad is practically the only one I eat besides my mother's. Their Gumbo is really good as well.Rude, Rude, Rude and the owner was standing there and didn't say a word. Me & my family will never ever go back. There also way over charging people. The food wasn't even that good.Excellent food for mostly locals that is off the beaten path.   The food was amazing.
Based on a 10% deco, 20% service, 30% value, and 40% on quality-- I am forced to give them a 5 star review.  The kitchen was clean as a marine belt buckle, the restrooms spotless.
(The 3 second rule doesn't even apply because this location is so clean!)
Just steer clear of the carol sue location around noon-1pm and you won't stress finding a parking spot or seat inside.  The locations are strewn about the westbank of Jefferson and Orleans and are few a far between.
But the muff was excellent and the service was ultimate.  When I asked my wife where she got the crazy idea for a turkey muffuletta, she replied "well, YOU brought one home 5 years ago, it was really good then, and it's very good now."  I guess that I must be burnt or have Alzheimer's, cuz I don't even have a chance against her memory.  
I was watching "side effects" and when I saw Channing Tatum come out of Otisville, his threads were the same as mine in the 1st year of a federal military service academy.  I remember we had great food, just about 30 seconds to eat all the steak you could.  Because rolls would compress real well, we used to smuggle food out in shoes, the crotch of your underwear, even under an armpit after a 10K company run.
Umm, yummy.  The things one will do to make 2nd lieutenant in 3&1/2 years.  That I will never forget.
So stay away from academy food and stick with DiMartino's, it is far superior.  As "military boot foot sweat" bread pudding was not as good as anything on the menu here.  The NOMMA (around the corner), leads to the USMMA--but anybody with a touch of morals knows that taking a 90-year old woman's cane and stepping over her as she falls to the ground has better moral judgement than those set by a federal academy.My girlfriend's recommendation on this place was on point. I had the chicken parmigiana on angel hair pasta, she had turkey muffuletta with seafood gumbo and a fantastic potato salad. Highly recommended!!My wife order the chicken salad and I the hamburger.  What a mistake on both.  The chicken salad tasted like egg salad and there is not egg salad on the menu.  My burger was the pre purchased frozen kind no taste.  Not going back, this was our first and last time.The food here is great but the prices are steep for what you get. It is easy to pay well over $10 for a meal an walk away hungry.
Still, if you aren't starving and don't mind paying a little extra, you can get some of the best tasting food on the westbank.for those that follow me - know this - i shant never steer u wrong - u want a muffaletta..go here & here only!!
dont listen to ya cousin or ya mama - dats rite i said ya mama!!!!
this is not premade - they make it fresh & the bread is redic good!!!
they make all kindsa poboys & platters 
italian food & specials..and for those still not gettin that im sayin do not go to central - Dimartinos is only 5 miles away and cost $1 for the bridge!!!!!Greatttt food and service. I love love love the grilled shrimp Caesar salad and the fried eggplant sticks are my favs.I really like the friendly atmosphere at Dimartinos. The food is good and there's a nice variety of Italian food. Half to say I'm a fan of the chicken Italiano salad.Dimartino's does a couple things really good and a lot of things fairly average. 
The po' boys are really good. I've had the oyster, roast beef, and shrimp and have yet to be disappointed in how they taste. The potato salad is also really tasty. 
The pasta and other entrees I've had have been mediocre. Nothing special. The fries tend to be unseasoned, though hot. 
So here's the dilemma, do you go here for a pretty good sandwich, or do you go elsewhere where they do a lot of things better? If I'm hungry and passing Dimartino's, I'll stop.This is the place for a nice muffuletta!! Even if you order the small portion, it's still BIG. It's great that they have visibility when they make your order. The only downer is this restaurant is located on the West Bank, so I don't get to go as often as I like.While the muffaletta is consistently good, the spaghetti and meatballs was plain gross. Their red gravy had big chunks of hard onions and peppers and should have cooked at least 3 or 4 hours longer. The spaghetti was clearly reheated and I'd suffice to say more than once. For a small muff, spaghetti and meatballs, fried mushrooms and two soft drinks, the bill was $33. High price for bad food.  Save your money and go eat at Vincents or one of the other fine Italian restaurants in the city. We won't be back.Killer roast beef and the shrimp potato salad is great.  In the past year the shrimp on po-boys have become spicy.  I like to adjust with hot sauce on my own so I have quit ordering the shrimp.  But Give me the killer roast beef, or even the Muffaletta and I am happyMy family and I just got into town and this was our first spot to check out for dinner. It was clean and small enough to feel very like your in someone's kitchen. The kids ordered spaghetti and meatballs, which they all loved. My wife ordered the Muffalato which was very delicious. I ordered the softshell xrab, which came out very tasty and delicious. The servers were very nice and made us all feel welcomed. Wish we could have had more, but we all left full and very satisfied.There aren't many great places to eat in Algiers...that aren't chain restaurants or fast food. Di Martino's definitely hits the spot when you want something fresh and hot. 
Now I usually just get salads from here, but my coworkers try all sorts of stuff on a regular basis. So my assumption is other items on the menu are pretty okay as well.Had a muffelatta from there last night. The olive salad in it tasted bad.  So i scraped it off and ate the rest. The bread was fine but the meat portion was skimpy. I like central grocery's mufellata better. 
Since that is the only thing Inhave tried from there, I am willing to give them and other shot ...but not the mufellata.
I know I probably spelled the name wrong but you know what I am referring to.Our family dines here often - great Po-boy's. I also really like their potato salad. Service is always friendly and fast. Food is fresh and delish! I highly recommend them. Shrimp Po-boy and the roast beef Po-boy are our favorite!To be quite honest, everything about this place makes it seem like you wouldn't find a decent sandwich here but you'd be wrong. I found this to be consistently one of the best muffalettas in the area, plus it has ample seating and is family friendly. Trust me, most people wouldn't even pull into the parking lot and even some still would turn and walk away when they see the sterile, chain-style decor but that's just fine. More for me.Not the best mufalatta  I have ever had but it was not bad! Red beans and rice are good but I'm still searching for that Cajun spiciness new Orleans puts in my mind!Best shrimp po boy I've had in town. The bread was just right and it was overloaded with shrimp. The potatoe salad was also really good and the gumbo was very tasty. I think we have finally found our go to spot.I had a roast beef and shrimp poboy. The roast beef was not very seasoned. French bread was fresh and toasted. Shrimp were pretty tasty. I also had an order of onion rings. This was a massive order for 2-3 people but not the best. The onion ring sauce was pretty good. Service was good but most people takeout. I would return for the fried seafood.Consistently good food and service . One of the better places to order from in AlgiersMany places claim to have famous dishes, Dimartino's is correct to call their muffulettas famous. It was one of the best if not the best I have ever had. The bread, meat, cheese, and olive salad are all excellent. The secret here is the olive oil that soaks in to the crunchy bread served heated the flavor is off the charts. If you are on the west bank I highly recommend you stop and get one. The other dishes look tasty and affordable too.This is one of my go-to spots on those nights when I don't want to cook. Don't let the outside fool you - it used to be a donut shop years ago and it's kind of funky looking on the exterior, but it's clean on the inside. A little dated with the colors (reminiscent of that horrid blue and mauve trend in the 80s) but lots of tables and chairs and a serve yourself drink station.
The po-boys are generously sized, with the roast beef being my favorite. The gravy is just thick enough to run down your arm while eating and isn't that half the fun of ordering it anyway?
Muffalettas are the specialty here and first timers should definitely try one out. Even the small size is enough for 2 meals, so I can't imagine how big the large is. I love my muffs toasted and they do it perfection, so the bread is crispy, the cheese is melted and the olive salad provides a nice, cool contrast.
My favorite new addition to the menu is the onion rings. Thin sliced and served with a spicy dipping sauce, they are fantastic. My only complaint is that there is only one huge size and at $7.49 an order, you don't want to waste any of them. I'd love to see them add a single serving size of onion rings to the menu.
Good gumbo, decent potato salad and a rack of Angelo Brocato products in case you've got a sweet tooth.
A typical order for us would be a po-boy, a small muffaletta and an order of onion rings  - it comes in right under $30. Not the cheapest sandwich shop around, but definitely one of the best.I love DiMartino's.  Have been going there (in Terrytown) since I was a kid and was thrilled when they opened in Algiers.  The roast beef po boy is always delicious and the fried shrimp po boy on Fridays in Lent is hardly a sacrifice!  The potato salad and shrimp potato salad are yummy, as are their fried green tomatoes.  It's casual and clean for dining in, and just plain easy for take out. You can't go wrong.Great neighborhood quick eat spot. My neighbors and I did a hostile takeover on a Friday night!! Food was hot service was great. Since then I have become a weekly patron. Another plus, the company has a reward program.One of my go to spots on the west bank for a good po'boy. 
I have been going to this establishment for years and will continue to do so.
The shrimp po'boy is always overstuffed and you can usually make another sandwich with the shrimp that fall off.
The roast beef is delicious and tender. 
We really do love going here.I regularly order takeout from this location and the food is delicious. The muffuletta is wonderful. I love the sesame bread and how the muffuletta is warm and not cold. The poboys here are also extremely tasty. I am personally a fan of the shrimp poboy combo. The shrimp poboys are on on sesame loafs with large seasoned shrimp and the sides are a gumbo and potato salad. The potato salad is ok but the gumbo is to die for. The prices are high but well worth it. I enjoy the food here and strangely I don't even consider myself a muffuletta fan. I will only eat muffuletta from this location. The salads are terrific.I am really glad to have found this restaurant on the West Bank.  I travel to this area periodically and I am often in need of a place to grab a bite to eat.  This place has some interesting menu selections and not to pricey.  I had a Grilled Chicken Italian Salad for lunch and it was just what I needed in order to get back to the office feeling satiated, but not over-stuffed or, bloated.  The salad was a terrific combination of scrumptious ingredients including fresh veggies, tasty chicken, a zesty salad dressing, and warm pita bread.  I'm already planning my next visit, but I just have not decided on whether I'll have their signature dish, a "Dimartino's Famous New Orleans Muffuletta," another great salad, or a hot meal like Veal or Chicken Parmesan. But one thing for certain is that I won't pass this place by the next chance I get.I ordered from here for the first time last week.  I was in a rush, picking up some shrimp po-boys for dinner.  They are not inexpensive, but I can't say I know exactly what everyone else is charging for shrimp po-boys, so the price may be similar to others.  the shrimp po-boy was excellent, I would go back for more.  I might even try some of the other po-boys and the muffuletta, but I do love my shrimp
The service was friendly and quick, although they were not busy when I was there.  For dining in, there are not a lot of tables, but it appeared to be clean and well kept.  Definitely will check it out again as there are not a lot of dining options in this part of town (at least I haven't found them yet!)No.
1 poboy and 1 Sisco quality hamburger and 2 iced teas and a 20 minute wait=32 bucks!
The poboy was ok-ish...no real flavor but not horrible... but the bread was so hard it ripped up the Girly's mouth. Like when you eat Captain Crunch cereal as a kid and you hurt for several hours later.(I read this out loud to her a day later and she said "TRUE. My mouth still hurts!"). As an adult it doesn't seem worth it.
My hamburger was really an insult to burgers. Again, it had the texture of a Cisco brand pressed meat patty and an aftertaste like it was freezer burned (the Girly took one bite and told me to stop eating it RIGHT NOW!). I got 3 bites in and had to stop. 
The fries were actually pretty good and the waitress looked like Deb from Napoleon Dynamite and that grumpy chick from Parks and Recreation had a love child so that was pretty cool.
But the price combined with the DO EVERYTHING YOURSELF style and the possibly poisonous burger just left fatman hungry, grumpy and sickly.
No thanks.My favorite po boys in New Orleans. The best in my opinion. They have unique French bread with sesame seeds as well. Sides are good, service is fast and staff is very friendly.Best roast beef po boy you will ever eat. Very good red beans and rice as well. We no longer live in the area, but she we do come this is our first stop.I had not been here in years. Well, to be accurate, I'd never been here before; but, back when they had a location on vets my grandfather would take me to that location. As my memory served me they had the best Muffuletta outside of Central Grocery, and this vist almost re-affirmed that memory, but they missed out with one small, costly error. It seems that they toast the bread before they put the meats and olive salad on... perfect, I hate heated salami and olive salad. Well, it seems that they may have over-toasted the bread; it was rock hard. I really just ended up eating the fillings sans-bread. My suggestion to you, and what I will try next time (and there will be a next time) will be to order the bread un-toasted.I usually dont have any problems at any of the other DiMartino locations, but decided to go to the Algiers location since we are in the area. First off, the cashier had a hard time comprehending our order. Then when we sat down, I saw the wrong sandwich was rung up. When informing the cashier, she said it was too late bc the order was already made. But it was your mistake, not ours. Already annoyed, we just accepted it. Throughout our whole experience, she kept making annoying comments like "oh we are about to close thats why theres no condiments, you're making me work hard, and I'm just joking, I know you guys come here all the time." First off, you close at 9, it was only 8. And second, not all minorities look the same. We dont go there all the time bc it was our first time there! And lastly, the owners need to review the cameras. We saw her take money out her shoe and moved it to her shirt.Best roast beef poboy in nola but worst service. Manager today was so rude. If you hate your job then quit lady. Will be going to a different location from now onExcellent fried shrimp, gumbo, red beans....everything (that I eat) is great. Calm atmosphere great for quick quiet dinner. Bring your cash a little more expensive that fast food but worth it.I found this place through yelp and am so glad I tried it! The place doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it was clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick. I had a small muffulatta, which it turns out was enough for 2 meals. It was very tasty and at around $9 was reasonably priced considering the size of the portion. It was fresh made and still warm. I can't wait to come back so many things on the menu sounded good but I figured I should try the "famous muffulatta" first.My girlfriend suggested this place since she was hungry plus not feeling good, so I gladly went to this joint. Came at least an hour and half before closing, that day/night was 8:30PM. Apparently, their schedule of closing is not consistent. Why mention this in a review? Well guess what the cashier told us? Since my GF was hungry and tired, we was in the mood to order and eat there but the cashier "warn" us that the place was gonna close soon. I was like huh? It's almost dead in there besides the one elderly couple eating and it's close to an hour and half till closing. 
So I was forced to go take out. Made our orders (GF - Roast Beef Po-Boy & Fries; myself - small muffuletta), paid cashier and same cashier gave my GF a free drink for not dining in. WTH? Anyways...
....waited at least 10 min till that same cashier gave our orders and was on my way. By the time we got home, found out that they gave my GF a combo of potato salad & gumbo instead of fries like we did asked. The bread on both our food was burnt somewhat. Her roast beef didn't taste right since the gravy was off. In addition, as we left this place, we noticed a douchebag parked at an angle in the parking lot across two spots. Realized later that was probably franchise owner closing shop. Explains a lot why this joint ain't getting business. Guess I'll get my muffuletta fix at Central Grocery.Wow! The muffulettas are absolutely terrific--and huge! We had them shipped to Indiana, and they were spectacular. The owner, Pete, went out of his way to help us get the order we wanted, and we really appreciated his customer service. The muffulettas are the best we've had, and we will definitely be going to DiMartino's next time we are in the area.I wanted something different. I always go to the same places for lunch.  I texted a friend to see if she could recommend a place and she said I should try Dimartino's.  I'm glad I did. 
I took it to go.  This does have a fast food kind of feel to it when you walk in, but it is clean and looks new.  I ordered a small muffuletta.  I've lived here nearly two years and only have had a muffuletta from one other place.  Dimartino's is way better.  I couldn't wait to crack into it.  The smell from the passenger side seat was so good.
The bread is fresh and toasted and the ingredients were warm and it tasted as good as it smelled.  A very enjoyable and different lunch for me today.We ate muffulettas at a recommended place in the French Quarters the day before visiting Dimartino's.  I must say Dimartino's muffuletta was so much better! We also had the homemade lasagna which was very good.Mushroom provolone burger great. Roast beef one of the best around. The employees are friendly and service is fastCustomer service sucks here. The girls at the front always seem to have an attitude which sucks because the food is really good. Just makes you cringe coming in here because you know the service sucks.If you like Muffulettas, this is the place. Their olive salad is what makes it for me, big chunks and plenty of other pickled veggies mixed in. The bread is crispy on the edges and soft in the center with plenty of sesame just as it should be. The servers are about as friendly as you could ask for, especially considering how particular I am about how they pack them to go. I grab one each time I leave New Orleans to eat on the train on the way back and they triple wrap them in paper for me then wrap each half in plastic to keep them from leaking that delicious oil into my bag. They do all of this for me each time with a smile.
The small is large and the large is HUGE....easily a meal for 4 people. This is all I have eaten here...because I know what I like. They've got poboys and other options but if I eat those how will I ever have room for my needed Muffuletta? Fight for parking in the quarter to go to Central Grocery to endure their poor attitudes and higher prices if you must (because thats what a tourist does)...but Dimartinos has it goin' on with a lot less hassle, a friendly smiling server and a much better sandwich.I really like their bread, but otherwise their poboys are okay at best. Everything was made fresh and came out hot. I think the prices are a little high. 
Eggplant sticks ($9.99) are not sticks... it's not thick enough for you to taste the eggplant. I really felt like I was just eating batter with marinara.
Shrimp poboy dressed w/ provolone ($13.65) - okay. My biggest qualm with this is that when I opened my sandwich, the shrimp didn't fill the entire sandwich. The ends of both sandwich were bare.
Roast beef poboy combo ($13.30) - comes with gumbo and potato salad. This was better than the shrimp poboy to me and I don't even like roast beef like that. Def not something I gravitate towards. I think it had a lot of flavor and the gravy was good. 
Veal parmigiana ($17.55) - I don't think the veal is seasoned well enough. After eating through the batter, the veal was just bland. Angel hair w/ marinara was whatever. Didn't taste fresh. Came w/ 3 small pieces of veal. Not worth the money. 
The bread is the obvious winner at DiMartino's. Crunchy on the inside and super soft on the inside.I sometimes stop off here on my way to or back from fishing.  They have some good po boys, muffulettas, and platters.  They give good size portions and usually have your food prepared very fast.  It has an ambiance more like a fast food place but they do some New Orleans style food well.  If you want some quick and tasty food this is decent spot to eat.Fast food in appearance, this restaurant is set up to do some serious volume. But when you look closer, it's way better than a Subway store. #1 You can buy beer with your meal. #2 they sell other local business's items like cookies from Angelo Brocato's.
In my first visit I had the muffuletta and a shrimp po-boy. I took the word of another Yelper and ordered a small muffuletta and only ate 1/2 but I had 1/2 a po-boy too. The olive salad was perfectly proportionate to the meat and cheese and the bread was toasted with sesame seeds. Delightful.
The shrimp po-boy I ordered full dressed. But I felt the tomatoes were too few considering how thin sliced they were. I also added a few packets of mayo because it was a little too dry for me. Still, the fried shrimp were crisp and light and I would easily order another the next time I return.
Yes,... I would definitely come back here.Amazing food.   The place is a dive with some of the best food ever in the history of ever.  
It is getting pricey and run down, hence the four stars, otherwise it is a five for courtesy and food quality.   
You must have a roast beef sandwich if you even remotely like roast beef.  Seafood gumbo, potato salad are good too.   Would love to say I have had other items but every time I come back to NOLA, o get the same thing.  
Hey ownership, how about you clean this place up some so it is more comfortable for the customers?   Food and staff rock but your building could use a refresh.The food was excellent but they messed up our order twice. However you could tell they genuinely wanted to make it right.Me and my families all time favorite seafood restaurant on the Westbank.  Their oysters are always fresh and everything is always made to order!!  You guys are absolutely the best!!!!Ignore the throwback sign and the throwback decor. The food here is EVERYTHING. I was shocked that r hexesfIgnore the throwback sign and the throwback decor. The food here is EVERYTHING. I was shocked by the large portions and the deliciousness of the food.Hands down one of the best experiences and restaurants around. The service is top notch. Very friendly and efficient staff. Quick service and accurate every time. Now on to the food. For the items I have ordered, they were all exquisite. Fresh ingredients, perfect portion size and always consistent. Consistency is the most important thing. I highly recommend this restaurant.This place must be known only for their Po-Boys and nothing else.
We ordered the Pasta dishes, which were abysmal.
My wife and I ordered the Lasagna, which came out swimming, nay drowning in sauce.
Moten hot lava sauce, which to me screams of a microwave reheat.
The pool of sauce over lasagna will stop the microwave from drying out the pasta, but over cooks the pasta, which it did.
Making what may have at some point been delightfully Al Dente, woefully, Al Droopy.
Overall, our meals were bad, the ambiance is alright, very busy, but not too bad.
This place is nowhere I'm going to go back to any time soon.Sunday late afternoon lunch and the place still had a decent crowd. Got the 9-inch roast beef po-boy dressed and ate the whole thing! Their bread is different than other po-boy places, it has sesame seeds on top and I dig it! Also ordered was the shrimp po-boy combo with a cup of gumbo. They do shrimp po-boys right as well! Their gumbo is quite enjoyable too. Knocking off a star because we waited a bit, but I think they were filling a lot of call-in orders. If you are looking for a good po-boy, Dimartino's has it. A little on the pricey side, but worth it. 
Note: These aren't debris roast beef po-boy, they are legit slices of roast beef with a rich gravy.Sooooo good! One of my new favorite burgers. The seasoning on the mushrooms is soooo good! Great burger. Fried shrimp tastes great and the red beans and potato salad are both good as well. The burger shocked me. Love it. Gonna stop here more often!Easy five stars for what it is: brilliant take out sandwiches. Get the large roast beef fully dressed with cheese on muffuletta roll. Skip the fries and you'll still have enough for lunch tomorrow. So unbelievably good. Takes about fifteen to make so call ahead.Adding to our muffuletta expertise, we drove across the bridge to try this one out since we have a car at our disposal this trip!
We bought the largest, ($20), which could feed 4 but now we have dinner too.  The bun has a nice crispy crunch to the top, which is a nice change after all the soft and doughy PO boys I've eaten all week.  The olive topping also has nice big bites of olive vs the chopped relish of others.  
IMO the real find here was the shrimp poboy.  We only ordered that on a whim but I really liked how unfriendly and fried shrimp is! (I'm not a fan of the heavy, super crispy fry job... I like to really taste the shrimp just cooked, not murdered)
They had it all done and out the door in ten minutes, which is super impressive considering the attention to detail involved!I loved it, the muffulettas were really good, i wish I bought two haha. Totally recommend this spot 100%It was a lazy Sunday afternoon & I was craving a shrimp po-boy. Manfriend suggested Dimartino's. Though, he's lived on the WB his entire life, he's never had it. 
I don't have a go to for shrimp po-boys and I barely crave it. However, Dimartino's might've started an obsession! I think it's their seeded (sesame) po-boys. It's just that extra that makes it special ! I had the roast beef muffuletta too ! & that was so good as well. 
The shrimp potato salad was excellent. It had just enough mustard but I can see myself adding some old bay seasoning to make it "just right". The eggplant sticks were good but I wish they did half orders because it's way to much for two people to finish. 
I noticed that they carry some Angelo Brocato goodies! 
Everywhere that I have gotten po-boys from include "dress" (mayo, lettuce, tomato, & pickle) in their pricing but at Dimartino's it's an upcharge. It's a small turn off.. especially when both sandwiches had barely any pickles (my favorite). 
Pricing:
Eggplant Sticks 9$
Shrimp Potato Salad 7$
SM Roastbeef Muffuletta Dressed 11$
Shrimp Po-boy Dressed 11$BEST LUNCH EVER!!!!
Well worth the drive from almost anywhere in the city Dimartino's in Algiers pays attention to detail and is hard to beat for their food AND great Service 
Located on Gen DeGaulle just North of Holiday drive, this New Orleans staple is helping to bring the City's working persons' restaurant back into vogue the way we always KNEW it SHOULD BE!Was in New Orleans on a whim. Found this place on Yelp. Wife & I split a Small Muffuletta, order of Fried mushrooms and a small fry. Everything was made to perfection. The muffuletta bread was OUTSTANDING! It was nice and crunchy on the outside with a soft inside. The olive relish wasn't overpowering as I have had on other muffulettas. 
Awesome meal, will definitely return when we're in the area again.Totally disappointed...purchased 2 muffulettas to go and watch the Saints at home.  Plenty of bread, plenty of olive salad, almost no meat and cheese.  Called to complain and was told I wasn't the first to complain, but this was just the way they are made.  Mgr gave me a name and number to complain at corporate.  My sandwiches looked NOTHING like their pics posted on their web.  Just a complete disappointment on the food and how my objections were handledHad a 1/2 muffaletta and a cup of gumbo. Both excellent! I always hesitate to go to places that claim themselves famous or the best at something, but in this case it's warranted.Dimartino's has some great sandwiches. My favorite is the roast beef po-boy. It is covered in a delicious sauce. Make sure to get it with lettuce, tomato and pickles. That makes it! 
My second favorite is the muffuletta. While my favorite muff in the city comes from Central Grocery, Dimartino's makes a close second. It is very similar in flavor to Central's, but the bread is not quite as good. 
All in all, every sandwich I have had here is great. The other dishes seem to be good too, but I can't convince myself to stray from the po-boys and muffulettas! 
I've been coming here for a while and will continue to do so.Expensive ...very pricey $40 for a small muffalatta and a poor boy, 2 drinks and a small fry. Granted they were tasty ! Just more than we anticipatedThis cafe is my uncle and grandpa's favorite. It has delicious gumbo and po' boys, and is famous for its muffulettas. I loved my shrimp po' boy and fiancé loved his roast beef combo. The staff are exceptionally friendly. The serving size is big enough that I was able to keep an extra portion for tomorrow. The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is that the prices on the wall were wrong. Everything was about a dollar extra, so we ended up being perplexed about the bill. I think once they change the prices on the wall to reflect the real prices, I'll give it 5 stars.Very good neighborhood restaurant in Algiers. Friendly staff and good food. Had a roast beef poboy on seeded , crunchy French bread. It was very good. Roast beef was tender with just the right amount of gravy. We also had the fried shrimp platter which comes with 2 sides. The shrimp were good size and not over breaded. , 2 sides were very good fries and red beans and rice. Can't wait to go back and get a muffalata.Usually go to Central Grocery then we found ourselves on the other side of the river. Saw Dimartino's and tried them last night for dinner. AMAZING! The Italian salad and muffuletta were perfect.COVID-19 update: my family and I really enjoying this local restaurant! Before the pandemic I remember seeing Angela Hill who used to be on Channel 4 news eating inside with her father bc he loves this place too!
During the pandemic they have indoor seating but I just ordered takeout for my parents. This latest trip I got the chicken Parmesan and the red beans and rice. I took one star off because it didn't seem like we got the regular size portion of red beans and rice we normally get so I was a little disappointed? But the food was delicious nevertheless. We normally get the muffulettas which are huge and delicious and the fried eggplant appetizer with marinara sauce.
They also add french bread with butter to our meal as well.
Happy eating!There's something about seeing people make your Poboys without gloves that just ruins the whole sandwhich. They were very friendly but I couldn't even eat the poboy because I kept thinking about how the man was taking cash, putting it in the register, touching the screen then going back to make my sandwich then seeing the woman grab the cheese with her bare hands. Gloves should be mandatory when making people's food.