Uhhh... how have I never reviewed Dino's??
I have never been here where the service wasn't top notch. I sat at the bar tonight and we were treated like freakin' royalty! Do I want a lime in that cocktail? Why, yes I do and thanks for asking! It's dark and cozy here and they have Lagunitas, so I'm happy. Full disclosure: David and I were winding down our evening when we ended up here, so we weren't here very long, but so what? We came. We drank. We conquered.I went here on a Friday night with some of my wild-eyed boys who had been away. They had just gotten back in town. We were dressed to kill, but things here haven't changed, so we didn't have much to say. The juke box in the corner was blasting out my favorite song. 
You know that chick who used to dance a lot? She was on the floor shaking what she'd got. Man, I tell you she was cool, she was red hot, I mean she was steaming. Then there was the other chick that slapped Johnny in the face, man, we just fell about the place. I guess if that chick don't want to know, forget her. 
There use to be a hot barkeep. I was asking if she was around, if not where she could be found. They were nice enough to tell me that she was now living downtown, driving all the old men crazy...I bet. 
At Dino's bar and grill, the drink will flow and the blood will spill, and if the boys want to fight, they let us. Especially when the nights get warmer and it's not long till summer comes. I highly recommend coming here when the boys are back in town.After being recommended this little dive my first night in NOLA, endedel up there at some point every night I was in town. Food is actually great, and the vibe is RIGHT. Definitely a local bar, but feels so natural. Homey feeling. Bartenders know every guests name. A whirlwind in New Orleans. It's my new favorite bar in town and I can honestly say I'm gonna miss the place. 5 Stars. Can't wait to make my way back to Dino's.Food is amazing! I love the wraps, salads, and burgers...literally whole menu is yummy. Bartenders arent too shabby eitherStopped by here like 1/2 hour before they were closing on a Monday nite.  Barmaid was super nice and accomodating.  Cocktails were very good as the wine (good quality). Atmosphere was warm, dark and casual with a cool vibe.....like something out of a movie.  Will be back again!Awesome place. Hold our business meetings here always. Fun, private, professional. All people in the warehouse district should come here. The staff is hot and wonderful. Owner is very accommodating and fun to be with.Great, relaxed atmosphere. Reasonable prices. The Filthy Fries are the BOMB!! Waffle cut fries with melted cheese, bacon and drizzled with ranch dressing. YUM!!You watch these stars! They're gonna go down until Dino's realizes their servers care more about chat' up their friends than waiting on paying customers. I've been working in NOLA for the last 5 months. Dino's is near the hotel I've stayed and has pretty good food for the last minute diner. But the service? Good luck. I've visited here 4 times. Every time, I am just more disappointed! Last night I wanted the Dino's Caesar salad, it very good. I walked in...ordered a beer, never saw the bartender again....just down talking to her friends. Forget it. I'll come back when it's under the new ownership after these guys learn its all about how you treat the customers!When looking for a meal late at night and in friendly surroundings this is the place. Some of the best " Bar Food " I have experienced in New Orleans. And the service has been as good as the food. Large portions of tasty servings at reasonable prices. I am sure not all that great for the waist line but I keep going back. Dino's is a great guilty pleasure for late night fulfillment of food cravings.Cool neighborhood bar. Never too crowded, no smoking allowed which is a definite plus. Great drinks and not pricey at all.I like this spot, especially the location. Being so close to the highway, it's a convenient meeting place, and I usually find street parking. 
The bar food is pretty darn good if you're looking for cheesy, bacony waffle fries or a sandwich. Perfect greasy food for pre or post drinking. 
There are specials on week nights, and I especially like the Thursday's Ladies Night with free martinis after 9pm. The cajun martini is just like a bloody mary. And free tastes so good. 
I deducted a star because they could use a wider beer selection. I usually end up getting whatever the Abita seasonal offering is, which they usually have in bottles. I have seen small live bands there from time to time. Wish they'd have live music regularly.I ate the Dino's Chili Cheese burger, best burger I've had in a very long time. The jack of all trades Blythe took care of us, as she single-handedly took care of the rest of the bar and tables in the whole place! It was the weekend before Christmas and it was fairly busy at 11pm Saturday night when we arrived. Blythe didnt make us wait at all as she handled our requests with finesse and speed. Thanks for the awesome experience Dino's keep it up!Stopped in here to have a beer to cool off from the blistering heat outside. 2 beers and a vodka red bull was only $12.00!!!  The vodka red bull was also served with the full can of red bull. I'd never seen that before. 
This is a dive bar but I loved it and wanted to return but time did not allow.  Check it out!I'm in town for a conference and just checked into the hotel. I'm starving. This is the closest place according to my handy yelp map so here I am. I order a coke and a grilled chicken Caesar salad wrap. It takes forever! There are four other customers here. Two ordered after me and their food comes out first. They ordered burgers which seems to be the specialty here. Im now on my second coke... I hate it when I have to ask for another drink when a) I'm sitting at the bar, and b) there's no one in here. I also ask if my order is going to take any longer... For which I got a dirty look but when she went to check - surprise! My food! It was hot and freshly prepared although the Caesar was more mayonnaisey than I'd like. The wait time and poor service are why the three stars, but overall the wrap was pretty good.Little corner bar and grill with nice staff and good food! Check out the Tuesday steak special, walking distance from several hotels and off to the outskirts from the quarter of you're looking for a quaint spot away from the party atmosphere of the quarterI like this place.  Not quite as good as when it first opened, but still a good place.  Good burgers, inexpensive drinks, what more can u ask for.  Not a fancy restaurant by any means, just corner bar with good food.What a wonderful experience. This is a local bar, not a tourist spot. I was warmly welcomed  and had a wonderful conversation with some regulars!
The prior reviews are spot on - the burger was delicious. Done just right as were the waffle fries that came on the side. Prices were reasonable and the value was excellent. 
HIGHLY recommend this place! #SHRM17 peeps - if you're looking for a place to eat (and steak night is Tuesday night!)Dino's Bar & Grill is one of my favorite places to go to whenever I am in New Orleans.
I found out about it years ago from a local and have made numerous visits since.
Good food
Good serviceI like this place. The first time I went I'd been at an event at the Convention Center. A friend and I were in need of frosty beverages and he knew about Dino's so we went in. We just ordered the two drinks to go and left but I remembered liking the inside of the place, with its dark wood.
A few months later I was working an event in the area and our group met up at Dino's for supper and drinks. I had the mushroom swiss burger and it was really good. So good in fact that I stopped by the next day for another one when I was in the area!
Service has always been good, even when we were in our big group. My only complaint is that they allow smoking, but during the day it wasn't too bad.After a lazy sunday stroll around the neighborhood we stopped by for the first time to have a brew. We were greeted by a bartender who took our order, served us then disappeared to the other side of the room to text the rest of the time we were there. Another employee sat at the bar and she began complaining about tips....Duh.... Mind you we did not go there to be entertained by a bartender, but when you are the only two customers in the place you would exspect a little better service. 1st and last time....My first visit was this week on Wed night w/a friend after work.  Price was $6 for happy hour, $10 regular price which is steep in my book. Place was empty at 6:30pm which I thought odd. Just two guys sitting at the end of the bar. It must be a late night place, not sure. They were boiling crawfish for $5 lb but we didn't have any. We sat at the bar and the beautiful young barmaid was nice and friendly, we ordered vodka martinis and they were made very well. The Bartender left the bar back after making our drinks and didn't come back until 7:03. We asked if we could get another drink on the happy hour price and she said no because even tho it was just 3min the cash registers were computerized and she couldn't override it. WTF? We didn't argue that she wasn't around to service us until that exact moment so we bid our farewell. Most experienced bartenders will ask you right before the cutover just as a courtesy. Especially since at that time we were the only ones there. So I wonder if that was done on purpose because we were two women or my $2 tip wasn't enough? I liked the look of the bar but I probably wont be back unless it is happy hour. You would expect $10 drinks in a nightclub, not a NOLA neighborhood joint on a weekday with nothing to offer.I don't have anything to complain about. I checked out their menu online and knew what I wanted when I got there. The place was dead. I don't know if that is normal or not. It shouldn't be because my burger was perfect. I asked for medium and I got medium. They were probably a little slow getting the food to me but that burger ended up being worth the wait. I had the waffle fries with it and those were great, I just wish I had a little more. I walked in the rain to get there and I'm glad I did.First time I have eaten at the restaurant. Absolutely terrible service. Arrived around 8pm and ordered the special thinking it would not take long to prepare. Took an hour to cook and deliver to the bar. Waitress never came to check on me or apologize for the delay. Would not recommend this place at all.Great service and good looking young sexy bartender. I was tired of seafood had a great burger and fries.Dino's went through a change of owner a year or two ago.  The burger quality declined while a nearby competitor's improved.  So, we hadn't been to Dino's in a while.
Update:  The "new" owner really has banned smoking indoors and the ancient smoke smell has finally died-out.  Which resulted in all of those cute college-age girls with long hair returning.
Burgers were very, very good last night.  Waitress, "Alice" was nice, cute, & attentive.
Waffle fries were crisp & fresh.  Bottled beer couldda been colder.
All-in-all, a good dining experience; and, Dino's is back on our once or twice a month list.
As an elderly married man, I surely enjoyed the scenery; must have been 8 or 9 cute single girls to every single guy!  I knew it was gonna be good when my Wife, looking over my shoulder, said:  'That girl is really pretty, but those tiny pants are just too small for her to wear in public!"
The menu has been expanded, so that Dino's is more of a "Bistro" type establishment now.  A good meal fro two, 2 semi-cold beer, 2 cocktails, and a 20+% tip was all less than $50.  A real DEAL !
Caveats:  As management insists on one of the front doors staying propped-open, smoke from outdoor sidewalk tables wafts back in, heavily to first table.  Parking can be a real problem.  The sidewalk dining can be a real treat in the Fall.
See Y'all at Dino's !
RickI have to say, I've always ordered take out from here but sitting in is definitely better. I had the cheeseburger and chili and cheese waffle fries. It was SOOOOO good!! The cheeseburger was just so juicy and so delicious!! I would've eaten another if my stomach allowed.this place is fairly dive-y, but i wish i'd gone here more...its the kind of place you go completely at random, usually en route to elsewhere, and are pleasantly surprised, but forget to return...
i came here after a day in the quarter with a friend, and they had an AMAZING drink menu.  Also, it was pretty cheap, i think happy hour or something....
didnt come back for about a year, right before i was moving away, and they had amazing specials again, and were continuing to have good drink specials later on that night (i think they have some daily specials that last all night).  We meant to come back later that night but never managed due to cold weather...but i certainly want to go back! if i remember this time..Decent food, good afterwork bar for a few drinks.  Not bad to stop in on the way home from the FQ for one last drink.
Enough flat screens so you can see from pretty much anywhere.
I have never seen anyone win on the video poker machines though.I stopped off at Dino's for a drink with a friend for the first time since Katrina. I was surprised by how 'nice' the interior was - I guess they renovated since last I was here, though I don't think they suffered any damage from K. The place is dark, but the candles make the atmosphere pretty inviting. The bar is nice to sit at though the rest of seating is at high bar tables - no place to 'lounge around at'. 
It was early evening on Saturday with a couple of parades rolling nearby  (it's Mardi Gras time), so the place was pretty sparse. We ordered up some high maintenance martinis and they were made to perfection by a friendly bartendress. Didn't order any food, but I know friends who love the chicken fingers here. 
I will probably stop here more often to see what the crowd is like, especially on those popular after work nights.Awesome dive bar. Great beer selection and the burger was fantastic. I normally don't eat an entire burger but I forced myself to stuff this one down.
The waitress did a fine job.Went here late night new orleans (one of the only places to get food after 10pm, oddly enough). Typical bar food, friendly bartender. Reason for the 5 stars: THE SPINACH DIP!! Kudos to the chef!We made an unexpected to trip to Dino's before going to the World War II history museum in Nola. At 1 pm in the afternoon, there were only a few other patrons in the restaurant. Even then we weren't allowed to sit anywhere we wanted and had to be escorted to our table. 
I believe I paid $17 for a chicken wrap that was mediocre at best. My other friend paid $16 for a chicken sandwich. I believe these prices were too high for what the food was. 
Dino's may be different at night or to grab a pint with friends. But for the food, it may be best to go somewhere different.should have been a 5-star, but they canceled ladies night. i'm a single dude who like locals-only bars (like this one), so they basically just cut off 50% of their business. 
also i've been ripped off by their food selections too many times so a long awaited revenge is in order; minus another star.I really enjoy coming to this place. The inside is nicer than what I would expect from the outside, and they do have their own off street lot around back for parking, a big bonus for dining in the cbd. The bartenders are usually pretty attentive and really only ever had one issue which was corrected immediately (a black Russian has 3 ingredients, none of those are chocolate milk). But the food is killer bar food. Tons of burgers and apps to choose from, but my favorite is the filthy fries. Waffle fries covered in cheese and bacon and ranch and it's delicious. They can be a little pricey for a NOLA bar, but as long as those filthy fries are on the menu, I'll be back.Quick question, is this the same Dinos BAr and Grill refered to in the Thin Lizzy song "The boys are back in town"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ham6vFy8v2IWe wandered into this little grill in between convention meetings because they had reasonable prices and and lots of great reviews.
It was pretty slow in there, and just one server was working. She was really great though, had a super positive attitude and was really on top of things.
I had a chicken ranch wrap with waffle fries. It was all really good. My friend had a salad with fish, if I'm not mistaken (it's been a while). We both thought for the price that the salad was pretty skimpy--where I feel restaurants should be pretty generous with the greens. 
Regardless, it was a cute little place with a cool history and fun decor. I would go back if I were in town and close by.Pleasantly surprised by interior appearance, quality of food and price of drinks!People need to give this place more love.  It's a little out of the way, and it looks like a dive from outside, but it's a solid place. Reasonably priced drinks, very friendly (and very easy on the eye) bartenders, and a surprisingly good food selection. The burger is huge and juicy (does not taste like the typical thawed frozen patty most bars serve), and the chicken sandwich is also really good. And you can get a sandwich with a free big side salad (and not just a bunch of iceberg, but legit spinach and veggies). 
The only problem is that I've never seen too many single women in there (except the bartenders), so it's not the best spot for singles, but hopefully that will change! I guess because most of the customers are either locals or convention people.Delicious burgers, ice cold beer and I like that I can get a side salad instead of fries. Nicest staff--my husband left his phone and sunglasses on the bar and they found us outside about to drive off and gave them to him. Another reason we love this little place!I found myself at the New Orleans Convention Center this week. Unlike the Moscone Convention Center in San Francisco, the Morial Convention Center is not surrounded by restaurants and bars. The nearest restaurant was Dino's Bar and Grill, an old school dive bar located a few blocks inland. I went there for lunch today, and it was semi-deserted. You order your food at the bar, and the barmaid brings it to your table. The menu is essentially limited to burgers, but that's just what I wanted. The burger was excellent, and was cooked just as I ordered it: medium. I didn't try their famous waffle fries, but instead I uncharacteristically ordered a green salad as my side dish. It was also very good, composed of fresh and interesting-looking non-iceberg lettuce and greens. The fountain Coke was perfect, with the right balance of syrup and fizzy water, and the right balance of coke and ice. If there is a down side, I would say (a) it was too dark inside to read my newspaper, and (b) they only seem to have tiny tables with barstools, rather than booths. Overall, I say it is a great place for lunch near the convention center.A few blocks from the convention center, a great char broiled burger lays in wait at Dinos. Get a table on the sidewalk if you prefer bright light. Excellent service, an outstanding hunk of meat, and good condiments. The food here is a lot brighter than the interior.  The beer comes in bottles. This is a good place.Needed a later evening dinner before everything closed up and found this place being only a short walk from my hotel. It's really a bar with super good cheeseburgers. They hand pack them there and are plenty big served with these crazy good waffle fries. I suggest you order them with cheese on top. Super nice woman serving also. Would go again.Better food then you'll find in your average bar, live music and decent drink specials.The tuna salad is phenomenal!  I've paid alot more for much less quality elsewhere!Dive bar no smoking inside anymore. Cute bartenders.Excellent neighborhood pub!! Friendly bartender, great drinks and the food was delish. DH had the grilled tuna salad... The menu describes it as sashimi grade, and it absolutely is! Some of the best grilled tuna we have ever had. I had the veggie wrap which sounds boring, but the grilled mushrooms and peppers w the chilled lettuce in the warm spinach wrap was incredibly flavorful. We left perfectly satiated and happy.Great bar in the warehouse district. It has a "regular" crowd vibe because even on the weekend its not crazy crowded. People seem to come and grab a drink and go elsewhere. I come her mainly for one thing. The dirty fries. After a night of drinking its simply magical. They have a great DJ on Saturday nights and will play anything you request by Twitter.went there this past Friday night to watch the first preseason game and, while the food was really good, the service left a lot to be desired. the girl who would sometimes wait on our table had a bad attitude and was more interested in socializing with her friends who were at the bar than on actually trying to do her job. Would not go back.Seriously, how does this place get 5 stars? I'm at a convention down the street and thought Id try a place close by instead of food court fare,and indulge in a lunchtime beer.
I walk 2 blocks to Dino's and happy to see the dark air conditioned place, pretty full, which is always a good sign!
Sat at the bar, and was greeted with, "There is a 30 minute wait for food", before stomping off, well, ok, I'll have a beer. I noticed no taps when I came in, which is a bummer. I ask what they have for an IPA, all they have is Laguinitas, really? I can buy local IPA from Tin Roof and NOLA brewery in a can at a store, but you only have a California beer? Where is this great selection of beer people are saying? Please, consider buying from and supporting your local brewery.
Now for the food, club sandwich with fries, waffle ones with a weird texture, can't eat more than two. The sandwich was the most unappealing looking sandwich outside of a gas station that I have seen. Tasted, ok, nothing seriously wrong besides the burnt to a crisp bacon on it. I really feel bad for the locals if this is what is considered a great little bar.Before Katrina this place had an AWESOME ladies night where ladies drank EVERYTHING FREE.  This brought in an excellent assortment of nice looking women and really made this a fantastically fun spot to be at to kick off the night before heading to the now defunct TwiRoPa.  Unfortunately like many things this special has not returned to previous levels and this bar just doesn't have the energy and fun like it used to.  They still have very attractive ladies tending the bar and they have decent prices on drinks.  The food here has always been pretty solid and sometimes they have even ventured beyond the standard bar grub to borderline gourmet food.  They have a good jukebox here with lots of Sinatra and some games.  I rarely get here anymore though as I do so miss those old times that are not forgotten...I was visiting New Orleans for a conference, and this was the closest restaurant to my hotel. I asked the hotel bartender for a good place to grab a nearby bite and she steered me here. The place is dive-esque - small, dimly lit with decent prices on beer, but cleaner than the typical dive. The burgers are fantastic (I ended up eating here twice) and the sides (waffle fries for me) are OK. The thing that really set the place apart was the staff - the servers were fast, nice and accurate. I had a different lady each night. They were basically running the front and the cook would jump out for backup at the bar. I wasn't there at a particularly high traffic time, but the place was busy enough to have had two servers. I don't know if everyone is always as on point as these two were, but if so, the manager hires very well. It seemed like most of the folks in there both times were regulars, but they didn't shun interlopers. I'll definitely go back if I find myself in the area.Neat little bar the feta and spinach triangles were really good. We are going back again tonight.Friendly bar, good burgers.  Two cops were having dinner while I was there, which both made me feel safe and reassured me I was in a place with good food.Checked out this place after eating dinner at Cochon.  Cool dive/sports bar but I can't deal with the cigarette smoke.  Great place if it doesn't bother you.Great little place!!!! The buffalo wrap is amazingggg  and the bartenders are so helpful and sweet.One of my fav, Warehouse District Bars.
Great bartenders, excellent prices.
On Sat they have a DJ.Delicious frou frou martinis, but the free drinks for ladies on Thursdays is no more. I mourn.Great neighborhood bar walking distance from the convention center. Wednesday night crawfish night. Cheap drinks get to know the neighbors.Once again I stand by my review from the previous visit. Late night visit and in need of some good bar food to satisfy a little hunger after a night of partying or a great play this is the place.
Food is very good bar food. Drinks are nice and strong. And the wait staff is friendly and competent. 
And I do usually run into people I know as was the case last night.Good stuff! The bartender was great! The burger was delicious and had excellent meat. Fries were greasy.  It was quick to get in, order, and get food. Plus the bar has a breathalyzer when you enjoy too many drinks at happy hour. We will be back!The place was a stones throw away from my vacation hotel so i had to try this place. The bartender and waitress at the time were fantastic, the burgers were actually really good, only real issue was the the wait to get the food was a little long, but the Good beer and alcohol section help! Definitely give it a try if ur in the area.Grilled tuna sandwich is pretty good!Just got to town, 5:00 p.m. and hungry. Staying nearby and this place was recommended by our hotel. Dino's Bar and Grill, we'd risk it. I'm I glad we did. Not a busy place at that time on a Thursday. Bartender was a friendly gal, very attentive.  We had beers and appetizers, jalapeno poppers and spinach puffy things, forgot the name. Hot and delicious! Decided to split a burger and fries. Yummy, yummy! Nice little bar. Felicia a great bartender too.Great lil dive in the warehouse district with an influx of regulars, a nice gambling area, and delicious bar food. The bartender Stephanie is very hospitable and knows what everyone drinks. She's super attentive and also makes great conversation. Definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area looking for a nice place to hang.Dino's is a hidden gem tucked away under the Pontchartrain Expressway.
I've always driven past this establishment and it's quirky little signed, but never was tempted to enter. Well a friend and I were hungry one night and wanted so something low-key. So, we walked from his Warehouse District condo to Dino's.
To our surprise, once we walked in the place was surprisingly clean and definitely not what we pictured. The bartenders greeted us right away, told us to sit where we like.
We both had burgers, which hit the spot. What you'd expect from a typical bar/diner, but better. 
Would definitely return.Hole in the wall, definitely worth a visit. Friendly staff, friendly patrons. They (patrons and staff) went out of their way to help us hoist our mom who was in a wheelchair onto their bar stool height dining chair. Dino's does (p not have low chairs, only bar height dining, FYI. 
Some of the best Caesar salad dressing I've had. 
My mom' s burger looked amazing. I snagged one of her waffle fries, very good, done nice and crispy. 
Very nice waitstaff. Would definitely go back.Tuesday is steak night. Just do it and thank me later. Lawd have mercy.  I never finish a steak when I dine out ... until now.I always get way too drunk here. It's an awesome time. 
The owner is super hot and his girlfriend is even hotter. 
Mozzarella sticks are THE BOMB. 10/10I came here twice (so far) this week. We came back for a third time tonight just before midnight in SATURDAY. More than an hour before their posted close time. But the doors a.re locked and some dude cleaning up inside. SATURDAY. NEW ORLEANS. BEFORE MIDNIGHT!!! All we wanted was maybe a drink and some fries. But sadly they decided they were too sleepy or some shitTook my best friend whose name is Dino for his 40th birthday & asked to take a picture with Dino behind the bar but that sweet lil bartender said hell no! Just wanted a picture!!  And the ranch sucks too!!!!URBAN HONKYTONK: this is the kind of Bar (+food) where hunky contractors hang out after work, local gentry pick up late night take-out, regulars are known by name; and, true to genre, all are adroitly serviced by a flirtatious waitress in "hooterish" short shorts.  
MEH BURGER IS PRICIER THAN NEARBY PHIL'S. My cheeseburger was tasty but the bun was Sysco-like, with waffle fries it totaled $10.25. If it's a Grill (+bar) that you're interested in, by far the best price/value is Phil's build-your-own with a side for $9.75 just blocks away.
KINDA THE WHD'S FINN MC COOL'S but without the the suffocating cigarette smoke. Go to drink, eat elsewhere.Went here with three others for dinner one night - well actually for crawfish, but ended up eating other things. We sat outside at one of maybe two or three tables, which was really nice. Our waitress seemed really irritated that she was, in fact, a server, so that was a little off-putting. The crawfish were delicious and nicely seasoned (but get there relatively early on boil nights and they were selling out by the time we left). I had the fish sandwich - the fish was cooked at the temp I asked - bonus points for this - but it was almost tasteless. No seasoning or anything - I actually put ketchup on it for some added flavor. My husband had the burger, which he really enjoyed. Overall, nothing special unless you're just coming for crawfish.Great little place for a bite to eat and a cocktail! Music volume was low enough for conversation! The bartender Blythe was amazing!! Great spot to just hang out!Super close to the convention center with great food, friendly staff, and perfectly handed cocktails. The BURGERS are A+... we've been here four times this week for lunches and dinners because they were so tasty. Wraps were also a hit with our group, and we loved that salads are made with mixed greens, not iceberg.Was in town for business and stayed at a hotel down the street from this charming local bar. The people working and drinking there were very welcoming and a great example of New Orleans fun and friendliness. Owner Brian was full of great stories and gave some great advice for other places in the area. Bartender Blythe, who was actually off that night but still helping out, was an absolute delight, a lot of fun, and cute as a button. New bartender Courtney was only a week in but seemed like she had been there a while and was spunky and adorable. Several regulars at the bar added to the local appeal and fun times had at Dino's. The fact that it was named after Dean Martin just made it that much better. Great place to visit while in Nola. I understand their burgers are awesome too.Excellent!! Clean and warm place. Friendly staff., good feel to it. One of the best cheese burgers I have ever eaten. Reasonably priced  optional seating outside.Went here with some friends to grab a bite to eat on an early afternoon during Mardi Gras weekend. The place itself is a bit drab, but we all ordered various items from red beans and rice, to gumbo, to jambalaya.
All of the food that came out was pretty decent--and much better than I was expecting. I thought that the pricing ($10) was a bit excessive for what it was, but it was likely due to the Mardi Gras price hike.Never been, always wanted to go b/c I've seen the sign for years.  Finally got to go with a cool group of people and it was a lot of fun.  The drinks were really reasonable and all of the food that I had was delicious (Cordon Bleu Sandwich, Spinach Dip, Feta triangles).
It's a dark kind of place that is perfect for groups of people or just a couple OR just someone looking to drown their sorrows.  How do I know?  B/c that was what was in there, dammit.  
We had a lot of fun there and I will go back.