It pains me to write this review. Such a waste of excellent ingredients. So here it goes and I hope someone in management reads it. 
We ordered an octopus carpaccio and shaved brussel sprout salad to start followed by a pizza and crab linguini. The quality of the ingredients, and the recipes was superb. As was the cooking other than the linguini (just plain undercooked, I'm Italian, I was a cook, I don't need any lessons on al dente). Other than one issue, the food was not even warm when delivered to the table. 
Now pacing. Within minutes of giving the order, both starters came. Since so far our experience with NOLA is you get seriously rushed, we told the waiter we had plenty of time and slow things down. He replied no problem. Before we finished the appetizers someone from the kitchen delivered our 2 entrees. There was no room on the table for those let alone plates to eat the entrees on. Nor were any delivered. Nor was any serving wear delivered as we were sharing. Just plop the entrees down across the table from were we were sitting and leave. Viola, that's you fine dining experience. We rushed through the remainder of the appetizers, made our own space in the table, asked for clean plates and were introduced to the fact both the linguini and the pizza were stone cold. But the plates were warm, yes, odd. I could go on about the food prep as I was a cook but I'm letting it pass. 
Excellent ingredients totally wasted. We ate some, paid, left. Yes we made a mistake, we should have sent it all back and simply left.Came here for some pizza and was not disappointed by the spicy lamb meatball pizza. The ambiance here is nice; great place for a group date. Service was quick and friendly. Would come back here again.We ended up at Domenica because we tried to get fried chicken at Willie Mae's Scotch House and the wait was 90 minutes. In the hot sun. When we had a steamboat to catch. But I always have a backup plan and was happy to be able to squeeze Domenica into the schedule. 
The whole roasted cauliflower was good, but the whipped feta it came with was the winner. We were smearing that on our table bread. And eating it with a spoon. 
The tutto carne pizza was very good, and I also enjoyed the clam and prosciutto ones. Not the best I've had of this style, but still worthwhile. The endive salad was beautiful and delicious, too. We just all wished we'd had more belly space because we got full very fast.This place was great for a group. Lots of things to share and enjoy. Waitress was nice and attentive. Atmosphere is bustling and a bit noisy - but that was good for our large group of ladies. Meal favorites: eggplant, cauliflower, penne arrabiata, margarita pizza.Atmosphere: Chain-like contemporary. All hard surfaces. Paper placemats with menus printed on them, for those of you who want to relive your days as a kid dining at your family's favorite place on the interstate. Slightly elevated bar to one side. The noise level is normal for a CBD venue.
Service: Excellent. The waiter explained dishes and was attentive throughout.
Food: The calamari app is actually a calamari steak, although the menu does not say this. You get a lot of squid on the plate, so be prepared. The sauce and fresh lemon were really nice. 
The margherita pizza was a disaster, with no fresh mozzarella or tomatoes anywhere to be seen. Instead, a few swipes of sauce and some sort of cheese were painted onto the dry crust, producing a very strange dish. It was topped with the least amount of basil I have ever seen on a pizza. I was going to send it back, but I figured that it wouldn't get any better. The dish as served does not look anything like the picture on the Domenica website.
Chef Alon came out to say hello to a few tables, but not ours. This is probably good, as I was ready to explain to him just how bad the pizza was.
Update: After contacting the restaurant, we were invited back to give the place another try. This time, everything was excellent. The Quattro Formaggi Pizza and the other dishes were beautifully prepared and nicely served. The sous chef greeted us and invited me into the kitchen to see the wood-burning pizza oven.
The recovery gets Domenica four stars. That's the way to treat customers.So delicious. We came here because they were one of the restaurants listed on tabbed out (an app that allows you to open a tab and pay through your phone). The pizza was delicious! We got the marguerita, and did a half and half of the roasted carrot and beets, and the mushroom without the bacon and egg. They were both delicious. If you come between 2-5 all pizzas are half price. We also had the fried kale which was great too. Then came the hazelnut pudding for dessert, yum yum! The service was great and the ambiance was lovely for a date. As a heads up the restaurant is inside the Roosevelt hotel.We walked in on Sunday with no reservation and were told 15 mins wait but we saw empty tables.  We went to the bar and were totally ignored.  When the hostess came to show us to our table we let her know our disappointment at the bar, no reaction.   We were led to a table that was empty when we arrived so not sure why we had to wait.  
We ordered cocktails, but were not too impressed.   They were reasonably priced but just not quiet right.  I don't remember what they were called but one tasted like cough syrup was added to apple cider.   The other one was like a Mojito with ginger and it was pretty bad until I crushed the mint then it was ok.  Not to be repeated.  They were 11 each and not in the happy hour half off special.  
Moving on to the Pizza...this is why I gave it four stars...oh my.    The wild mushroom pizza was fantastic..the egg cooked perfectly.  Yum yum yum.  The carrot, beet, goat cheese with Brussel Sprouts and hazelnuts was a firm winner even with my dining partner who HATES Brussel sprouts.  It was delicious, a little sweet but oh my.   I had it cold for breakfast the next day and it tasted even better.   With the happy hour both pizzas were 6.50... What a bargain.  
We had a glass of wine each and were happy to see they were in the happy hour too.  
3-6 every day.   Half price pizza half price wine by the glass and special priced tapas of the day.Loooooveed Domenica! We came right from the airport and started our trip in NOLA with their amazing happy hour. They have a nice drink selection and the bread served with chili infused olive oil is to die for. I meant to ask if it could be purchased because I would have loved to take some home. We had the Caprese and Smoked Pork Pizza- both were awesome! 
While the food & drinks were great, the service was even better! Adam treated us well- he wrote out a list of his favorite places to eat & drink and went over the detes of each place. It was really nice having a local give us the inside scoop.Two Words. Roasted Cauliflower. Absolutely amazing, simple, vegetarian. Dessert wasn't amazing, I had a brioche with salted caramel ice cream, but maybe it was just a bad flavor. Mint Julep was alright but my pasta was flavorful and superb. I love living in New Orleans because of places like this.Went to Domenica for our first meal because of the rave reviews and proximity of the place to our hotel. Never before have I had such underwhelming food at such an overwhelming price. Ordered the bucatini for $20 which had a whopping 2 shrimps chopped into 6 pieces ( not sure if they were trying to fool people) and 3 fried oysters and boring pasta. My 6 yr old ears more pasta than what I got. My family said the best thing they had to eat there was the chocolate bits they gave with the bill. 
All in all I would highly discourage people from going.My husband and I had Saturday dinner reservations during the second week of Jazz Fest and arrived promptly as 7pm. We were seated immediately. We were a four-top and our server was on point with helping us with our drink order selections. There cocktails were nicely done.  For food starters, we had the roasted cauliflower (meh) and burrata which was excellent. I had the squid ink tagliolini which was absolutely magnificent. We shared two of their delectable desserts, the banana zuppa inglese and gianduja budino.  Service was excellent.  People, don't be sticker shocked when dining in Domenica and give it subpar ratings b/c of that alone. The food, service and dining experience is well worth it.  We are coming back to Jazz Fest in 2017 and we hope to be back  to Domenica. Thank you!Good food, especially the cauliflower dish with the whipped feta - NOMS! The pizzas were solid, and the atmosphere is nice. I'd love to come back for happy hour next time I visit.
We waited a long time for our pizzas, and when they finally arrived we asked about the wait. We were informed they'd overcooked while waiting to go out and had to be redone...no effort was made to comp us anything. It seems to be a recurring theme in this town that if your food or service is awful it's just too bad for you. Not used to that.Me and my Fiancé came here for dinner the night we got engaged. They were wonderful as they gave us a bottle of champaign to celebrate the evening. The food was some of the best food I had in a long time. We got the chicken which was so delicious. Our waitress was always on point with helping us. I highly recommend this place if you go to New Orleans as they are friendly and the food is amazing.Went to a birthday dinner with a group of girls. We all ordered a different pizza and ended up sharing slices.  The cauliflower appetizer was amazing as well, highly recommend that. 
Love how you can bring your own wine and eat a great meal for under $25-30 (including app.) I have also never had a bad experience with service. Overall, good experience.Had dinner at Domenica the other night after seeing a post the previous night on Instagram of their food and a lady recommending it while out shopping.
Walking into Domenica I was taken aback at the decor of the restaurant.  The dark walks along with the artwork and the the lighting that they have make for a very welcoming environment.  the One of the first things that I notices was a handful of deli slicers up by the bar so I'm guessing they slice their deli meats fresh.
Our waiter was very nice and helped us through the menu and made a few drink recommendations for us.  I'm not sure of what exactly the names we had were but mine was a rye whiskey based drink and my girlfriend's was a bourbon drink.  They were both very good, especially hers.  It was almost like drink cold sweet and earthy butter.  It was sooth and warmed me right up.
The bread that they bring to the table when they is phenomenal!  It's nice and crisp on the outside, with a bit of char which I appreciate; and the middle was fluffy and warm and soft.  Just perfect.
We ended up ordering the Calabrese Pizza and the Tagliatelle Pasta.  The pizza was great.  It was probably the best tomato sauce that I have ever tasted.  It tasted like the tomato had just come out of the garden.  And the crust was just great as well.
The pasta was good as well.  Very earthy and homely.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and had just enough sauce.
I recommend trying Delminco sometime.  I know I'll be going again to try more of what they have to offer.I had dinner here a few weeks after its grand opening, so I'm going to try to describe it as accurately as possible.  My buddy suggested this place as she lives right by it and after swigging a few drinks from Sazerac (just kidding, we delicate sipped them, as we are ladies!), we entered Domenica.  
I had pretty high expectations as I had dined at Restaurant August a few months prior and that John Besh - he knows how to wow the pants off people, through food.  
I mean I might as well taken off my pants at Domenica because I ate A LOT.  
Our waiter rocked - his roommate was a vegan so he was very empathetic (and not annoyed) with my dozens of questions and requests.  My companion also had pescetarian concerns and he was very cool about address her concerns.
For appetizers, I had the garlic rapini, she had some fried squash blossom dish stuffed with cheese.  Whatever she had looked gorgeous!  I was jealous and she did declare it was quite tasty.  The garlic rapini was good, but nothing spectacular.
For my entree, the waiter suggested he just have the kitchen staff throw a nice array of veggies on a pizza crust, sans cheese - as his roommate had had similar a few days ago and had adored it.  And adored it, I did.  It was really quite a flavorful pizza!  I can't recall the specific components, but for me, sometimes when I order a pizza sans cheese - it really just doesn't work at all.  This particular pizza was pretty good!  I was quite please with that.
My companion had a pasta dish, I think possibly with some seafood?  She was pretty enamored with it as she ate it all (but she was famished, but still!).
For dessert, we had sorbet - pretty run of the mill, but we devoured it with haste.  
I suppose the menu changes depending on what's in season or trendy as I can't find some of the items I mentioned on the current menu.  
Anyway, Domenica is pretty rad, I would say.  It's not like OMG, the best thing ever!  But it's really an adorable little venue and the particular waiter we had - rocked my socks with his vegan empathy, haha.  
Oh, of course they also have a pretty ample and impressive wine list to accompany your Italian-inspired meal. 
In closing, thumbs up from me for this place.We enjoy Dominica on Baronne whenever in NOLA. GREAT Happy Hour value. Roast Cauliflower, Lasagna, Fried Kale are all a must try. Great service by Roslyn and Todd. We appreciate consistent good food and service.The prosciutto pizza along with our rigatoni was phenomenal. The service at the bar was excellent as well! Thank you Brandi!Let me start by saying the food was 5-star worthy all the way. The service is where this restaurant lost me. 
While visiting NOLA, my husband and I were wandering around French Quarter looking for a place to have dinner. A friend from the area had mentioned Domenica so we decided to give it a try. The pizza and pasta we ordered were excellent, the best I have had in years by far. The ambience of the restaurant is also very nice. 
What I didn't enjoy, however, was the service. Even though the restaurant was not busy, we saw our waitress a total of three times: when we sat down, when she took our order, and when she brought the check. When our food was brought out she did not check to see if it was correct or if we needed anything... The only employee I could find was the host when we needed anything. Our waitress was apologetic at the end of our meal that she took a long time to get back to us, which I appreciated, but the restaurant was almost empty so there was seemingly no reason we were neglected. That being said the food was good enough I would still recommend this restaurant for anyone visiting the area.Bread was good.
Salad was good.
Wild mushroom pizza was extremely salty.
Lasagna was great.
We told the waitress that the pizza was salty but she was telling us there is nothing salty but the bacon. There was a slight odd silent moment among us and... we tried to see if we could change the pizza to something else but didn't want to wait for another pizza because we had other plans after dinner. She did not do anything about it. She just took the pizza away and we paid for the full pizza. Maybe we should have talked to the manager but we didn't want to be ugly. But it left a bad taste in our mouths. Sad.We went there for dinner at peak dinner time on a Wednesday without a reservation and sat at a table in the bar.  The service was just as good though. I had the roasted kale chips which were omg so so sooooo good.  My husband got the octopus carpaccio which he loved.  We also got the squid ink raddiatore with crab meat and the sauce with it was so good it didn't even need the crab.  I had the malfetone prepared a way I can't spell or pronounce but it was perfect.  You can get your meals in small or large sizes, but the small dishes were plenty for us hearty eaters.  The pizzas they served looked amazing and I found myself drooling over other peoples' food.I have only had pizza or the roasted cauliflower.
Both are good and dependable and correctly priced.BEST. PIZZA. EVER! try the mushroom pizzza. yumm. I coudl eat my fingers.The food - so good, its one of my absolute favorite places to eat dinner. It's hard not to visit at least for cocktails and appetizers every time I am in New Orleans. And its my top place to recommend to others visiting the area. 
The staff - so rude. Particularly the hostesses. Maybe its intentional. But its frustrating to know that you have to get past the abrasive and pretentious young ladies in the front to get to your delicious food.Goodness. Where do I start? I came here with my co-workers celebrating one of their birthdays and let me tell you, it was awesome!! 
We started with the fried kale and cauliflower as an appetizer! To die for! 
We had pizzas and pastas as entrees and we all shared it along with two bottles of red wine! Lol I don't recall the exact name of the dishes but it was amazing!!  
Desserts was off the chain too! Peach cake and some kind of banana pudding top off with hard peanut butter hard candy. Lol whatever it was the shit! Along with a complimentary chocolate cookies covered with powdered sugar!! Must try!!!!FANTASTIC!!!!
Service was not rushed, but always there when it was needed, and suggested a delicious bottle of wine for a great price...  everything we got was GREAT. (must try the kale appetizer!)Domenica is a very nice and appealing restaurant to get your Italian cravings satisfied! The only minor problem is that it is downtown which makes it a little difficult to find street parking. This very trendy location is located inside the beautiful and very vintage Roosevelt hotel and right next to the Sazerac bar. 
When you are seated, you are treated to a complimentary dish of delicious bread and olive oil! Their menu consists of a variety of pizzas, pastas, and diverse appetizers. They also have a happy hour for pizzas and drinks (I believe it is around 4-6:30, but don't quote me on it haha). 
I highly recommend their squid ink pasta! It is very flavorful and heavily topped with crab meat! Their pizzas are pretty good, but sometimes it can be very oily or burnt. 
What makes them unique is when they give you your bill, they also hand out a complimentary, scrumptious chocolate delectable! Love it! 
Due to its location, I don't visit that often, but when there is an occasion, Domenica is always on the top of the list for me and my friends to dress up and dine out.I've eaten here so many times.  LOVE this place, one of my go to restarants for good food.
Recommend: 
Pizza (especially during happy hour, it's half off and you can get half price wines and beers). You can also ask them to do half pizza one style and another a different style. Love the crust. my favorite pizza in town. not sure if i'd order to go although i always bring some home when i go to happy hour.
squid ink pasta with crabmeat
truffle risotto
charcuterie board - get the chefs choice with cheeses and meats you can stuff into beignets (savory, not sweet)
ragu with pork shoulder
the cauliflower looks amazing but haven't tried, it's a whole roasted caulfilower head.
the fresh mozarella with country bread also looks awesome
desserts are good but small - love the hazelnut puddingWow! This placed is extremely overpriced for the quality and amount of food you get. Our bartender was awesome, but the food was a mix. 
Fusilini with gulf shrimp: the pasta was undercooked and the sauce was over salted. Not to mention it had an OVERWHELMINGLY strong seafood taste, not the good kind, the kind that made me want to gag. The portion was very small and so were the shrimp.
Lasagna bolognese: this was actually awesome and tasted perfect. The pork sausage, sauce, and cheese with spinach noodle (I'm guessing since it was green) made it the best lasagna I've ever tasted.
We didn't get any bread, and were not offered cheese for our pasta, our bartender was nice enough to grab us some. 
Overall we spent $70 for two pasta dishes and one glass of wine. Worth it? No.Definitely put this on your list of must dos when you are in NOLA. Make sure to make a reservation, it's not a large venue and it fills up fast. Our service was really wonderful, my frugal husband was so impressed he actually overtipped for once! We started with a small plate of the rabbit and porcini pasta. It was delicious! The pasta was delicate and the sauce was amazing. I got the goat dish, so yummy and a unique preparation. Best okra I have had to date. My husband got the oxtail and chicken liver, it was super yummy too (we tend to share out dishes). I highly recommend all of these dishes. We had absolutely no room for dessert but I wish we had, their selections looked wonderful. The portions are very large, so be prepared to bring home a doggy bag or waddle home. If we ever make it back to NOLA, we will definitely be back.Food is fine and prices during happy hour are great but the staff is outrageously rude. No greetings, no smiles, rude tones of voices. Clearly service is not the priority.Been here several times. Happy hour is a ridiculous deal. My favorites are the Calabrese & the Clam. I love John Besh & this is my favorite of his restaurants!!Great service. Great food. Great drinks. True southern hospitality. Thanks Ashley for entertaining us and providing exceptional service.The best time to try this is when they have happy hour 1/2 priced pizzas and drink specials.  It's in the beautiful Roosevelt hotel so definitely a nice place to visit but still quite pricey for pizza.  It's very good pizza though.  I would certainly recommend this place for a "nice" lunch if you have clients or family in town or for a good but more casual dinner option.The pizza was extremely delicious. One of the BEST ones I've eaten my entire life.
I am not an expert but all the ingredients in it were so fresh, I could tell.I think this might be my favorite restaurant. Although on the pricey side, they have one of the best pizzas I've ever had: the clam pizza! Words really can't describe how much I love coming here. It's very modern in decor and atmosphere so you really can get a taste for the whole experience (not just the food). I just wish it was in a more convenient location because you either have to park on the street (which can be difficult) or pay to park. But the food is well worth it!Had the opportunity to try this restaurant while in New Orleans on business and was blown away! The food is simple Italian made with high quality ingredients. 
My personal favorite was the squid ink pasta with crab. Not a heavy, saucy plate but light and full of flavor. 
Fortunately, I was there on business with several associates so I was able to sample many of the dishes on the menu and was impressed with everything I tried.
Would recommend you give this place a try if your in the Big Easy.We had a late lunch and so most of our bill was on the happy hour special which is a fantastic deal. 
We started with the squash blossoms which were very good. Then the gorgonzola pizza - a thin crust pizza with gorgonzola, pears and speck. This pizza was awesome and was easily our favorite.
lamb meatball pizza - Spicy Lamb Meatballs ricotta, mint & tomatoes we really liked the sound of this one but it seemed not that special but it could be because it came after we had eaten the entire gorgonzola pizza.
Bellini's were great and a fantastic deal.
Restrooms were in the hotel, with the men's at the opposite end and the woman's near the restaurant. 
Will definitely going back.Wonderful food! The rabbit pasta was a great dish with lots of flavor.  We got a half prosciutto and half Calabrese. The prosciutto was good but nothing mind blowing. The Calabrese was a great mix of flavors and I will definitely back again for some more!Truly disappointed. We ordered the tagliatelle with the rabbit and the wild mushroom pizza. The pasta had a very odd taste with barely any slow-cooked rabbit in it. The pasta tasted very cheesy yet not cheesy, and tasted meaty but not really meaty. It was a strange taste, and the pasta ends up tasting just extremely creamy.
The pizza was decent. However, the entire pizza only had one tiny egg that was on 2 pizza slices. Also the pizza was overcooked and burnt on the bottom. The bacon was the best part of this pizza.
All in all, extremely disappointing food. Also, if you're placing an order for pick up, you can't split the check. Save the calories for a different restaurant.Pizzas were great. Atmosphere great but a bit overpriced. I would recommend the prosciutto pizza!Great food served with good sized portions.  The service is top notch.  Giving it a four since it was kind of loud in the restaurant.Four of us showed up at Domenica around 9pm on a Sunday night. Despite there being no one waiting and 4 tables open, they insisted there was an hour and a half wait if we did not have reservations. The 3 people standing behind the host table seemed very stand-offish and we immediately felt unwelcomed. We said we'd wait and decided to look on opentable.com where we found a reservation for 9:45pm. After booking it, we showed it to the hostess, who seemed very upset that we had done that. They made us wait the full 45 minutes, all of which no one ever sat at the 4 empty tables.
Once seated, it took forever for someone to greet us and take our order. Well over 15 minutes. We only saw our waitress to place the order, to order dessert and to give her our forms of payment. (Someone else brought our meals) We saw her serving the table next to us more frequently and would call her or signal at her, but were promptly ignored. In total we were at the restaurant for just over 2 hours. (The other half of our party went to Acme, waited in an eternal line, ate and still had to wait over 30 minutes for us.)
On the plus side, the food was spectacular. Everything we ate was absolutely delicious to the point that I'd be willing to say it was the best Italian food I've ever had outside of Italy. 
It's really such a shame that the service was so atrocious because the ambiance is lovely and the food is amazing. If the service would've been good, I would've happily rated it 5 stars, but if the food hadn't been so great, I would've rated it zero stars.If there is a better deal in town than the half-price pizza and drinks happy hour at Domenica, I'd like to know what it is!  The prosciutto and arugula pizza was excellent and the bar staff were great - friendly & efficient.  Very enjoyable!Best. Pizza. In. NOLA!!! Fiancé and I are planning a trip back just so we can go back to Domenica.After going to John Besh's Luke(and loving it), my wife and I saw that Domenica is also a "John Besh Restaurant" and we decided to give it a try. Domenica is in the lobby of the Roosevelt Hotel, and as as the nice lady in gift shop of the Roosevelt told us, while Domenica is a Besh establishment and he is involved Domenica is primarily the work of it's executive chef, Alon Shaya. Luke and Domenica are completely different, but both are excellant.
Domenica serves high end, seemingly avant garde pizza. My wife and I split one pizza, half duck half roasted carrot pizza. The duck was not too gamey, and was delicious. The duck pizza somehow had the intangible taste of thanksgiving, I think driven by the sweet potatoes. Of the two types of pizza that we got I liked the roasted carrot, which seemed like eating a garden, it had so many vegetables. 
A note about the roasted cauliflower- this is listed as an appetizer but is very large and very delicious. My wife and I got this as an appetizer and we almost full after eating about one fourth of it. Be warned, if your dining party is size two, or even three, if you eat a bunch if the roasted cauliflower you may not eat much pizza.  I left Domenica feeling stuffed, a little over stuffed.
Overall, great wait staff and creative amazing food.We celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary last week, with an overnight stay at The Roosevelt Hotel and dinner at Domenica, the hotel's restaurant. Domenica, a John Besh restaurant run by Chef Alon Shaya, is an edgy Italian pizza/pasta place that serves some very creative food.
We started with some sparkling wine to properly kick off the fesitve nature of the meal. I'd tell you what I ordered, but the wines aren't listed as part of the online menu. oops.
Perusing the menu was a challenge, mainly because so many things sounded interesting. Antipasti choices such as Grilled Calamari, Coal Roasted Eggplant, and Chicken Liver Crostini, all sounded delightful. Keeping the mains in the back of my mind, fish, goat, veal, and chicken, I wanted to exercise caution in terms of eating too much to start. But the pastas are also attractive! And everyone's been raving about the pizza for ages, particularly because of the occasional happy hour half-off special the restaurant runs on them. Chef Alon does his Primi dishes in small and large portions, so we decided on two pasta plates and then we'd split a pizza.
While we were sipping the #bubbles, our server brought some bread to nibble on. We both poured some of the olive oil on the table for dipping, and found it to be quite spicy. Double-checking that the bread didn't have a peppery crust, I then noticed this huge pepper in the oil bottle. Beware, if you don't like spicy olive oil!
The two pasta dishes:
"Squid Ink Taglioni" - this is the small-sized plate. As fascinating as the dish sounded on the menu, I was well and truly afraid that Mrs. YatPundit wouldn't like the notion of "squid ink." She really liked it, though! The pasta has a very unusual taste. Coming in, I was prepared for a fishy-seafoody taste, but it was just...different. Very hard to explain, but also very good. The mixture of herbs, along with lovely lumps of crabmeat, made for a great taste when it hits the mouth.
Cavatelli, with roasted chicken, tomatoes, olives, and basil. Somewhat less adventuresome than the squid ink, but nonetheless delicious. This is the large-plate size portion; I knew we'd be splitting these back and forth, and I was also worried about how much of the tagloni would get eaten. That concern was obviously unfounded, but this was a good dish. In terms of "conservative" Italian dishes, I'd say this and the Paneed Veal are the top two on Domenica's menu.
Then, Pizza! Prosciutto with tomato, fresh mozzarella &amp; arugula, and me not fast enough to get a pic before the missus grabbed a piece! The choice of pizza was also difficult. Among the finalists we bandied back and forth were the "Tutto Carne," with fennel sausage, bacon, salami &amp; cotechino, and the Roasted Eggplant, with tomato, tahini, red onion, goat cheese. The Prosciutto won out because we both love the ham, and because Mrs. YatPundit was thinking back to a pizza we shared in the food mall at Harrod's in London a couple of years ago, that was topped with rocked salad. Lots of greens on pizza is very much a European thing, and it just seemed right for this meal.
I'd love to tell you specifically which Montepulciano we drank with the pizza, but I didn't take a pic of the label, and the wine list is still not on the Domenica website. oops.
For dessert, we had the "Dark Chocolate Torta with black pepper fiore di latte gelato," and I had a cup of coffee. The torta was delicious, and the pepper on the gelato was interesting. I'm a big fan of savory ice cream, and this was a neat contrast.
After this lovely meal, we had a couple of drinks in the Sazerac Lounge, then retired for the night to this very-comfy room upstairs. What a great experience overall!Another amazing restaurant in New Orleans.  I went here off of a coworker's recommendation and boy am I glad I did!  We had reservations which proved to be helpful too.  There were so many delicious things on the menu that it was hard for me to choose.  We all shared the roasted cauliflower with whipped feta (so good) and ceci caponata which was chickpeas and ricotta on grilled bread.  I really wanted to try the octopus carpaccio but I know no one else would have eaten it.  Then for my main course I ordered the stracci which consists of wide green noodles oxtail ragu and fried chicken livers and I was blown away.  The noodles we delicious and covered in the amazing ragu and the chicken livers were cooked perfectly and still pink in the middle.  My dish was surprisingly filling and I wish I could have finished it all.  They also have an amazing wine list and we tried the Molise Rosso Doc which was delightful.  The service was efficient and friendly and we had an overall awesome experience.  I wish I was eating their food right now in fact.Excellent food and friendly staff. A friend and I decided to order the lasagna and a pizza to share after the rave reviews. The lasagna was absolutely excellent! We'll be back for that dish alone. Our pizza was good, but if you have to choose between those two dishes, I'd get the lasagna every time!Having lived in Italy for two years we were REALLY impressed with the pasta and sauces here. The atmosphere of the restaurant was good and all the staff we dealt with were efficient and personable. We had pizza on our first visit which was good but we really commented on the home made pasta sauce which was so good we went back again two nights later.
One small but amusing incident led them to find that my favourite desert wine Torcolato was not to be found anywhere in the wine cellar! Obviously they don't sell much of it!!! After a lot of hunting I was offered another desert wine on the house which was a lovely gesture...so thank you.Squid ink pasta was tasty, but price was a bit steep for the portion size.Yummmmy! 
We walked by Domenica's on our way to grab some burgers down the street. I saw someone eating the margarita pizza through the window and I told my boyfriend that we had to go eat there before we left NOLA! 
Dinner was incredible! I enjoyed every last bite of my pizza. I subbed out the regular mozzarella for burrata bc I love burrata. It was delicious. 
My boyfriend ate the rabbit tagliatelle and he really enjoyed it. Only thing he said was that the mushrooms were very weird. They weren't your regular mushrooms. They were oyster mushrooms. 
To top it all off, the chocolate espresso bars they give you with your check is simply woah! They are so delicious that I had to ask the waiter for another one. 
I would definitely come back here if I ever find myself back in NOLA! 
We were quite surprised with how fairly prized their menu is, especially because they are a part of a hotel! 
Great food! Recommend this place to people who love food!I came to this establishment because it was close to my hotel. However, We were basically treated like second class citizens.Hmm where to start with this one.  During a recent trip my husband and I took to New Orleans, I made reservations at Domenica after reading excellent reviews.  I had been craving pizza and was so excited for it when we got there.  We started by ordering the arancini.  The waiter looked at me funny when I asked how big they were since it came with 3 (I'm Sicilian, and in Sicily, the arancini are the size of pears, typically filled with rice, peas, cheese, and meat.)  So we got them, and they were tiny little balls of cheese and rice, and very bland.  The sauce only added a tiny bit of flavor.  For our entrees, my husband ordered the shrimp pasta dish and I ordered a pizza.  His pasta dish was so small... I mean, pasta isn't an expensive food item, and for $19, it looked like a tapas portion.  My pizza left me hungry, six slices of pizza margherita with barely any cheese and a whole load of extra crust.  (I can get a medium size pizza at Papa Gino's for less money, and more toppings-- WTF?)  We felt like our dinner was a complete rip off- we were still very hungry at the end of our meal.  If the restaurant's goal is to have people order multiple dishes to share (because 1 dish is simply too small to satisfy 1 person as a meal), then they need to seriously consider their prices.  Oh, did I mention I asked for bottled water and it cost $6?  We left the restaurant feeling robbed.New Orleans has a lot of good food to offer.  When you want to take a break from creole and Cajun cooking, this place is a must try.  I am a big fan of pizza with a fluffy thin crust, and Domenica's has me dreaming of returning there again.
I had the Arugula beet salad, a nice start to dinner, and the pistachios were a good touch.  But the real star of dinner was the pizza.  I found that I could actually can get it split to my pleasant surprise, because it allowed me to try two different flavors.  The flavors are definitely not traditional!  After much deliberating, I had half Roasted Carrot and half Clams Pizza.    The roasted carrot pizza had a very unique medley of textures and flavors: sweet carrot, nutty hazelnut, savory Brussels sprouts, earthy beets, and creamy goat cheese.   The clams pizza was a bit too oily for my tastes but I enjoyed the clams.  I also tried a slice of my coworker's Quattro Formaggi, and I fell in love with it.  I wanted to steal more.  
Atmosphere quite classy and nice, and the service was decent.  Our waiter had some good accurate descriptions that helped with my decision-making!
Oh yes and how could I forget the lovely complimentary bite-sized brownie-cookie.
5/5 because I want to go again to try the other things on the menu!This place was great. The happy hour prices were awesome. It was very convenient for us because I wasn't feeling super and the weather was bad...and we were already staying in the Roosevelt Hotel so we just "stayed in" and went to Domenica. I understand some reviewers' complaints about the sound. They really could invest in some noise buffering panels to hang from the ceiling or something. It was loud. Luckily, we were seated in a corner so were able to hear. 
The pizza specials were great (during happy hour) and the regular prices were not too bad. What I like best, (and I guess, we all expect this from New Orleans...) is that the food in a restaurant in the hotel was AWESOME! We had a 4 cheese pizza and a few drinks and our bill was less than 20 bucks. Well worth it.Great Italian with a twist. The happy hour is a 5 star keeper. Definitely would come back. Not a five yet.We are locals and went to dinner last night after the theatre. The greeting from the waiter was less than friendly. He was not welcoming at all. Water glasses sat empty. He was very attentive to another table as I guess they were spending more money than us. After a messy mishap by the waiter you would think management would come out and apologize. We didn't even get an apology from the waiter. 
We had to ask for a dessert menu as there was no proactive behavior from the waiter. 
Our bill came and we were being charged double for an entree. We finally asked for a manager and then of course they were apologetic but too much had happened by this point.
We certainly do not look for compensation at all but just expect this calibur of a restaurant to do better.
It is unfortunate that they have excellent food but the service and management was lacking.I have had many fine meals here. Pretty much everything I have had has been 5 star. Sit at the bar and order small plates and that way you get to taste many things. I think this is Besh's best restaurant but that maybe be because Alon is cooking.Go for happy hour (7 days a week!), you won't regret it.  At the 50% price, the pizzas don't even have to be that good to make it a deal, but  for the most part they actually are.  Throw in half-off draft beers and wines by the glass and you can't go wrong.  Easy stroll from the French Quarter or Convention Center.The good: the food itself was excellent.  the meat and cheese plate was perfect and then we split a pizza.  we had intended these as apps but after these courses we were too full fr an entree.
The bad: both relate to time.  It was my gfs birthday and the earliest reservation available was 9 pm.   Kinda late for dinner.  Understandable but when we got there at 9 the place was half empty, so why couldnt we get anything earlier.  Second, the service was just.... off.  We had two different waitresses yet it took over 2 hours to get these two courses.  It was after 11 pm when the check arrived.  I wouldnt have minded dessert but wanted to give my girl her presents before midnight.Arrived without a reservation in the evening during Jazz Fest......informed the front desk about our continued patronage to New Orleans, the Fest and the restaurants and found us sitting and eating within an hour.  It is was well worth it too!!!!  No surprise there.  Met the chef and kitchen staff......what a welcoming experience.3rd Time here! Always an amazing experience. Food is exquisite. Had the charcuterie plate, the quail egg salad, and porcetta.Food and service were amazing. Very busy. When you order a meal you only get the meal - lasagna does not come with salad or bread unless you order additional items. This seemed strange at N Italian restaurant.Being a visitor to New Orleans, I knew after trying Luke that I needed to try another John Besh restaurant. Unfortunately I came without a reservation and was told it would be an hour wait. We decided to take a chance and ended up scoring a table in the bar area in 10 minutes. Aside from the obnoxious, loud and inappropriate drunk people sitting next to us, I loved my time at Domenica. The meat "locker" and charcuterie station were impressive. Seeing how much detail was put into assembling these meat trays, we ordered one. Our waiter created a plate for us and all of his selections were perfect. The savory "beignets" that we received were addictive. 
We continued our meal with the rabbit tagliatelle. It was rich and savory and the fresh pasta was cooked perfectly. Another great recommendation from our waiter. The pizza we ended up splitting was the pork shoulder, carmelized onion and bacon one. The fontina on it really added the bite that it needed. I only wish I was in town longer so I could try every pizza on the menu. John Besh once again has another restaurant success!I went based on reviews. I LOVE pizza, all kinds...even frozen but I did not like this one. I ordered a margarita pizza online for $14 (online ordering=cool factor). I picked up the pie and got a $7 receipt. Not sure what happened there. I brought it to the hotel and blah. Just flavorless sauce with the huge basil leaves and ever so slight pieces of fresh mozzarella. Oh and a piece of random meat thrown in...I'm a vegetarian. Booo.This restaurant gets 4 and a half stars. The menu is exciting, I liked this place so,much had dinner there Saterday night and came back for lunch the next day before I left the city.  The eggplant is unique and full of flavor, the pizza is fantastic along with the lasagna. I would say this is the kind of restruant where there is nothing you can order that isn't great.  The menu is diverse and every plate that comes out of the kitchen makes you want to try it because the presentation is fantastic as well.  After a week of heavy yummy creol food this was a much needed and wanted break.  Truly hit the spot, highly recommended!My friends and I went here during a conference 
I have been to all of the chefs restos and this one was more hype considering the beard award .  We ordered what I consider typical appetizers now: charred Brussels sprouts, kale chips and octopus . Nothing stood out here . We also had the pizza which was not as good as the domenican pizza place which has much more variety.
Checked it off my listAfter traveling over an hour to see the beautiful lobby of the Roosevelt Hotel, the restaurant was disappointing at best. The lasagna was great. The red snapper was served cold and quite frankly sucked.Always delicious, but better make a reservation, especially if you hope to catch their happy hour! Or better yet, if the pizza and drink specials are your thing hit their new uptown location for happy hour and way less crowds.First time here and love it so far! Half price on practically the whole menu from 2 to 5. Pizzas are amazing! Had the fried kale chips as an appetizer. First time ever trying something like that and it was so delicious! Nice atmosphere for many occasions. Kid friendly too! Brought my twin nephews with us and it was not a problem. Tables are kind of small so keep that in mind if you order a lot of food. I will definitely be back to try more menu items!Exquisite cuisine. Pricy but is worth it. Smoked pork and wild mushroom pizza was out of this world. The Rabbit in porcini mushrooms was above expectations. A glass of Italian Pinot Noir surprised me.Great John Besh restaurant in the Roosevelt Hotel. The space itself is a little sparse and loud, but Alon Shaya's food all makes up for it. Make yourself comfortable at the bar, and make some new friends. From three to six pm every day, half price pizzas, wine by the glass, beer, and well drinks. You can't go wrong with any of the pizza choices, and you can do half and half! Octopus carpaccio, roasted cauliflower with whipped goat cheese, and lasagna are all hits. Go, already!Fairly disappointed since my last John Besh restaurant experience (Restaurant August) was so spectacular. The primary issue here was service, which started off fine but midway through took a nose-dive and never recovered (the downturn may or may not have coincided with the arrival of Hugh Laurie and his large group -- though he was also at August when I was there, and their service didn't suffer a bit!). A managery guy tried to compensate for our remiss server, but he kept promising things (like the imminent arrival of our food, drinks or complimentary items) without actually speeding up or improving the service. In the end his hovering made it more conspicuous that things were not going well.
As for the food, it was hit-or-miss. I had the Cavatelli and it was very good, but my appetizer salad was boring and some of my friends' food was just ok. Everything was fairly salt. On the plus side, wine and cocktails were tasty.
Liked the decor a lot, but the layout left little walking room or natural aisles, so other patrons were frequently squeezing by our table and/or bumping us when they left or made their way to the restroom.
I'm inclined to think we caught Domenica on a bad night, but given the plethora of amazing culinary establishments in New Orleans, the food in itself wasn't anything so special as to make me want to come back and give them another try.I would start this by saying the restaurant management is awesome, they do treat their customers really well. Hence, the 3 stars. We had quite a few issues with our food and wont go in detail but i am not sure what margharita pizza people here are mentioning as for us the pizza was nothing great at all. Maybe i am spoilt by flippers pizza. My gonnochi was good and the wine was amazing. My friend ordered the roasted cauliflower and she was not sure why were people praising it so much, i mean it is really roasted cabbage with no flavor with feta cheese on side for 20 bucks .
However, this is one of the oldest restaurants and i think its a must visit. Moreover the management and staff are so good that they wont let u have a bad time .Best food I've had this trip to New Orleans.  Outstanding octopus, Tuscan kale, pizza.  Just wonderful.Tasty food but you would expect bigger portions for apps and main courses, the pizzas are probably more filling... Disappointing from a value perspective, the wine list is fine at least got liquids to do the work.$7.50 pizza during happy hour can't be beat.  Also, the seafood couscous is a must try while it's on the menu.My friends and I showed up here without a reservation but were able to snag a table in the bar area after having one drink.  Both servers helping us were delightful.  Our pizza came out a tiny bit slow, and our waitress served us free drinks (there were three of us) as an apology... no complaints here! The cocktail I ordered, Draped in Velvet, was awesome.  The three of us were full from the cheese/meat plate (which came with savory beignets!) and the prosciutto pizza, which actually made for a not-too-ridiculous bill.Roasted Beets, Roasted broccoli, and a Prosciutto pizza with asparagus!  All from the woodfired oven!
What a delight! Plus it's right at the Roosevelt Hotel which was so convenient for my late night arrival.