It's impossible for us to find a parking space along the street, while it was raining and got darkness, simply we just gave up.Doris Metropolitan has a pretty awesome Menu and the prices are little high, but in-line with other restaurants in the area of the same caliber. The Service was Stellar!This place has the best lamb chops ever. They have a nice savory flavor. The service is great and the manager is sooo nice! Amazing customer service.Love this place awesome food!! We had the Carpaccio and stuffed beet both very good 
My bf steak was over cooked so that was disappointing but overall great foodFive stars isn't enough for the staff (Desiree was an absolutely consummate rockstar), the meal or the amazing drinks by Andy.  Every last detail is accounted for without pretense. The food is spectacular! I'm a vegetarian and my dinner date is a full on carnivore, yet we were both completely happy with the selection.As good as it gets for steak is on point! I split the larger Tenderloin (12 oz.) and the Asparagus Gratin with a friend and it was perfect! They don't even give you steak knives because the meat is tender enough to slice with a table knife (true). The Tenderloin cut is served with bone marrow which significantly weirded me out at first but I'll try anything and it was great with the steak! The asparagus was awesome! Topped with truffle oil and Parmesan I believe. Our table shared a few appetizers and the best by far was the Carpaccio sampling of the specialty meat of that night (Wagyu). I also tried the Chilean Sea Bass which would have been my second choice for entree but was in the mood for steak as this is a place known for it's meats. Can't wait to go back! Love the decor as well.We were in NOLA enjoying our anniversary. Doris Metropolitan was recommended by a fellow foodie friend who was seriously impressed with his dining experience. So we booked a table, and we were not disappointed. 
The interior is beautifully, and you are greeted with the sight of the beef aging in the cold room right as you enter. The mix of modern and old charm in this very old building was very appealing. The service was top rate. Never do you lack attention whether it is questions with the menu options, or keeping your water glass full. Our steaks were perfect, and we ordered the optional seared Fois Gras, which was also perfect. Plus, my wife's option came with the bone marrow, which added even more flavor. Think of the best steakhouses you have dined at, and Doris is at least as good if not better. The ambiance is warm and comfortable. The wait staff is friendly and very knowledgeable. We ordered the dark chocolate flourless cake with hazelnut cream for dessert, paired with a nice tawny port, it was sublime. 
One note about the location. Doris is deep within the French Quarter. Forget parking there, and valet service is not offered. I suggest using Uber or another service. Much more convenient.Really great steak. Carnivore focused menu with sweatbreads, marrow... which I love, but isn't for everyone. Wine menu was pretty one sided toward the robust cabs while offerings for sweeter side was limited.  you'd expect this at a steak joint, but on a big wine list, it wouldn't hurt to offer some riesling etc. Service left a bit to be desired, the only reason 4/5. I'd come backThis was our best meal in NO and one of the best ribeye steaks I can ever remember eating anywhere in my 50+ years of dinning out.  Our server, Lynn V was attentive and helpful.  She also suggested I would appreciate the flavor of my 31 day aged steak if I took it a tad closer into Medium than my preferred MR.  I took a leap of faith, and I can only say the meat could not have been taster, at reasonably priced at $50 for a high quality steak.  My wife was enameled with her Sea Bass.  My son loved his veal cheek - I just thought it was a bit pricey at $32 for that particular dish.  My daughter enjoyed her chicken dish, but found it too sweet for her taste.  The thing was, there was nothing n the description to convey that it would be a sweet dish.  Other memorable dishes were the tuna tartar appetizer at $15, the asparagus, and a most delicious creamy smooth polenta.  The polenta left me craving more, and I felt the portion was a little small.  On the other hand, the asparagus portion was really too big for the 4 of to complete, although I managed to eventual clean the serving plate before dessert.  I know others have mentioned the breads as outstanding.  Equally the maitre'd though highly of this complimentary spread.i We have no complaints, but it just did seem like anything special - and we are bread lovers.  We ended our meal by sharing a dessert called Chocolate Semifreddo.  I must say that after such a spectacular dinning experience, this dessert was a big let down.  For me it was like eating a lightly burned cookie.  Little flavor, richness, or texture.  And I have no idea why the tiny serving goes for $10.00 - but I would have been disappointed if we'd paid $2.00.  I read another recent post that also came to a similar conclusion on Doris' desserts.
In summary, this restaraunt should be a must stop if you visit the French Quarter.  Be prepared to pay about $60-70 pp for  amazing starters, entrees, and sides dishes that offer good value.  But I would recommend taking a short stroll through the French Quarter to let dinner settle, and findi your dessert elsewhere.Wow we did not expect to have so much fun in a steakhouse in New Orleans, it was sooooo gooooodddd!!!! The meat was perfectly cooked, the atmosphere was so fun every appetizer was right on the spot, the eggplant the beets OMG so good!!!! We will be going to Dori's in the future or sureI usually don't leave mixed reviews but this 4 star restaurant left us unsatisfied and with a big bill.  Staff was friendly but left the order incomplete.  My wife had to send her steak back and could have sent it back again.  And as a local it's getting harder to travel to the French Quarter due to parking restrictions.YUMMMMMMMM! Came here to celebrate my birthday dinner on our trip to NOLA and it was great! We ordered the tuna tartare and the Chateaubriand tartare to start with and both were fresh and bursting with flavor. For our main course we both ordered the bone in ribeye and it was perfectly cooked. Nice char on the outside and delicious. The steak was also so flavorful. The only thing that was not great were the drinks. I ordered an amaretto sour and it tasted nothing like it. Sort of tasted like Robitussin. The truffled polenta is to die for here as a side. I almost did not want to share it! I should've sent it back, but our waiter was so nice I felt bad!I've been to Doris at least a dozen times. The food and service are always spectacular. It's my favorite upscale place. I'm always a tad let down when choosing to go elsewhere within the same price point.  I've dined there super dressed up and extremely casual, receiving no dirty looks and the same service on each occasion. The apps are large making them a great lunch option. I like that they dabble in molecular gastronomy but it's not the focus of the place. Seafood isn't treated as a side piece, I find it equal to the steak. Outstanding bar and coffee program, as well.Oh Doris. How more delicious and elegant can you be? My lovely Doris. 
Ambiance: The doorway was the most difficult thing to open but once we were in, I just fell in love with the decor and design. On the left was a window where we could see all of the aged meats and beautiful presentations of the meat at the foreground. The room seemed like a cross between a chic, modern refrigerator and Francis Bacon's paintings of meat in the background. A very innovative way of portraying the highlight dishes of the restaurant. Once I was able to stop gawking at the meats, I entered the main dining area and saw a little bar placed against the open stove, where chefs were busily preparing dishes. Then, if the beauty of hanging meat wasn't enough to attract my eyes, the walls of floating shelves with bottles of wine certainly did. Filled from top to bottom, the floating shelves were just again a beautifully, creative way to highlight the elegance of wine. The tables were moderately spaced and just romantically, dimly lit. 
Food: OH. MY. GOD. I am trying to refrain from sounding like a 16 year old squealing girl but the food was just amazing. Almost every dish made me want to cry in happiness. Whoever's taste palate designed these dishes obviously met up with my taste buds and had some fantastic loving. For our appetizers, we ordered Tuna Tartare and Calamari Salad. The tuna tartare was delicious, of course, with a lightness from a sprig of green and light masago. The white sauce underneath was a perfect compliment to the tuna and the tuna was just minced right, not too small and not too chunky. I was already impressed at this point and then I tasted the Calamari Salad. Truly, if you can't afford anything else or just go on a 1-dish restaurant hopping (which I occasionally do), get the Calamari Salad. Get it! It's light. It's refreshing and it's calamari done beautifully. It is doused in some type of delicious oil and has all the greens to relieve the guilt of the heavy protein from meats later. It just hit my palate in a way that makes my taste buds sing like angels from heaven. Maybe they put angel tears in there. Who knows? All I knew was I wanted more and a second visit was a necessity for this dish. So, after being amazed by calamari (and I'm not even that big of a squid fan), the steaks came out. Yes, what the restaurant is known for. Was I nervous with high expectations? Yes, yes, I was. We got a medium 31 day aged Rib Eye and a medium rare 31 day aged Bone-In New York Strip. I am not a huge fan of steak but when it is marinated well, I will eat it all. Needless to say, there was very little meat left. Both pieces had wonderful flavor and a juiciness that was delectable. Not my favorite steak ever, but definitely top 3, coming only behind my mom's homemade steaks. They were tender and juicy and just so delicious. These two steaks definitely filled out stomach but who could resist dessert? We then ordered Halvah and Olive Oil Cake. For desserts, they were good but not great. By this time, our stomachs were full and the desserts were more heavy than needed. The Halvah has a cake layer and the Olive Oil Cake was just cake with ice cream. Good flavor profile but still way too dense after such a high protein meal. Even with the lightness of the parfait, the Halvah was a little too dense for me. We also ordered Asparagus Gratin but, like its place in this review, it was an afterthought. Delicious, if I was not already overwhelmed by the meat. 
Service: We had a lovely, lovely waitress. She was polite yet very funny and sweet. She consistently made sure we were okay and asked if we needed anything else. My glass of water was never empty for more than two seconds. She was timely and efficient in bringing out the dishes and her fellow co-worker gave succinct and informative descriptions of each dish as they were laid out. We adored our waitress and she adored us. She gave us a free shot each for being awesome customers. How could we not love her? 
Final thoughts: Overall, a wonderful fine dining experience with delicious food that was well worth the price. My definite favorite of the evening was the Calamari Salad with the two steaks in a close second. 10/10 recommend and will definitely go again! What do they put in their food? Who knows? Probably angel tears.Atmosphere and food is just superb. Also service is impeccable very clean modern one of my favorite restaurantsThe food was great- ribeye, salad, asparagus, carpaccio, bread, tuna, wine, coffee, all of it. And reasonably priced for the quality and location. We were quickly accommodated in the courtyard on a very busy weekend night, which was great. Service was excellent. The bar was slammed during our short wait and we still got a bottle of wine in no time from a very friendly and helpful bartender.
I ordered my ribeye medium rare- it was closer to medium. It was still delicious so I didn't send it back, I'm sure they would've corrected it if I had. The server said that they had steak knives if we wanted one but that it should cut fine with a butter knife. It cut ok but I would've preferred a sharp knife, I don't really like smashing my meat to help a restaurant demonstrate how tender it is.
The presentation was also beautiful but the tables are very small for the huge plates they choose to display the food on, so there were some technical difficulties in ordering multiple dishes at a table of 4. Like, serious difficulties. But the atmosphere, service and food quality were wonderful, I'll definitely return.Best restaurant in New Orleans!!! Such a good food! Stake made to perfection! Great atmosphere! Best appetizer, best meat, best desert! Had the best time! Highly recommend!!! Vote number 1 !!! Love itI work and live the food business. I also live in NYC and was surprise to find my new favorite resturant all the way down in New Orleans. 
From the nice lady at the front desk that welcomed everyone with a large smile, the manager that made sure that everything is fine and the chef that ensured that our stake has the perfect temperature. 
Our waiter was very professional. I had the New York Strip. My meat was so juicy and fresh that was not require a stake knife to cut it. I eat a lot of meat, the best stake I had in the past several years. We also had the tuna tartar, was perfect!
The wine list had some unique wines from all over the world. We took the waiter recommendation for the Israeli bland wine. It was so good that we took a second bottle. 
The price was fair, it was not cheap but this type of resturant in NYC or LA would be even 30% more expansive. 
I have noting bad to say about this place. I can only hope they will open a spot in NYC.Outstanding steak house but the staff makes the place. I recommend sitting at the bar as close to the kitchen as possible.... what a show.We went on a Friday evening. I had the filet. It was absolutely delicious!  Asparagus was perfect.  Seabass was cooked well bur alittle salty.  A little pricey but a very good meal.Best effing meal we have had ever!!! Get the butchers board! It was awesome... One of the top three meals I have ever had I'm NOLA, and we come often...Great, yet pricey option for an American steakhouse. Tuna sides are fantastic; the bone marrow and aged rib eye are amazing.I don't want to overdo it, so to put it simply.....this is the best meal I have ever had......on earth.....in life. We made reservations for our anniversary and it was mind blowing. We started dinner with the lamb chops. Amazing, so tender. Just really really good. For my entree, I had the "classified cut" of steak. They won't tell you what part of the cow you're actually eating, but whatever secret part of the cows anatomy  it is, it's  freaking spectacular. Flavor of a ribeye without the excess fat. My wife chose the red snapper, which was not on the menu, but that was a great piece of fish. Usually I prefer my fish deep fried and covered in cornmeal, but this fish dish was great. Delicate piece of fish that was beautifully cooked. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was amazing, plus the entire staff was very friendly. Sure it was pricey, but worth every penny and I will happily pay for that meal again.This restaurant stands out from the places I've visited her in New Orleans. This is a high-end steakhouse that severs great steaks from rib eyes to Kobe, both American and Japanese. 
I would say this is 70% traditional steakhouse and 30% new/experimental. To this combination was great, I had something avant-garde appetizer called 'Beetroot Supreme' which was great. For main course I had the 'Classified cut'. This is from a secret (??) part of the animal, is full of flavor and is similar to a rib eye in juiciness. Highly recommended!A favorite in Nola. Order family style so you can try it all. The beets appetizer is a favorite, and you can't go wrong with any of the others! All of the meat was delicious and cut in front of you with a great presentation. 
Sit on the patio. Very cute. Dessert was just ok but that's also compared to others in NolaOnce again....the best ever. Literally came here, to nola, for this place. BEST steak ever!!!! I brought my parents here to try it...we are from Southern California!! Let me tell you....not disappointed! They loved it just as much. 
Unfortunately, I was not able to make reservations. So we, once again, walked in. It was an hour for the table so we sat at the bar hoping to share a bottle of wine. Well, service was so good we stayed at the bar. Ozzy was the best service we have received here in New Orleans. 
I ordered the tenderloin with bone marrow. I know it sounds weird and looks weird. It is amazing!!!!! What sets it apart, as well is the salts on the side. Yum!!!!!!
Husband ordered the bone in ribeye. Let me tell you..equally as tender. However, had to order bone marrow separately. But, let me tell you, do it. It is soooooo worth it 
Overall, COME HERE IT IS WORTH ITokay. did not have steak as it is very pricey, so went for burger which was soooo salty, bun was a snooze even though it looked like it was going to be crusty and perfect. but nice atmosphere and elegant and quiet, for a different kind of vibe in the QuarterSteak was not cooked as requested and the management never showed their face to ask if there was something they could do.  I will never darken the doors of this place again.I heard some great things about this place, so we decided to see what the hype was. After finally finding the front door we found some space at the bar. The ambience is great. (Thats the stars)
The initial greeting by the bartender was horrible - Flat, unwelcoming and just down right abysmal. She put a sour taste in our mouth and we hadn't even eaten anything. Not sure if she even wanted to work there!!! I can keep going on but there is more... Another bartender offered us some bread which was great. Drinks were fresh and delightful (the other stars). 
So we ordered with the bartender...every interaction with her just was painful. 
The food came out... The butcher cut steak was highly recommended so that's what we ordered along with a ribeye. The butcher steak (recommended to be cooked medium)came out cold and rare..the other steak we orders was blue!!!! The nasty mushroom base was tasteless and bland. At least the fries were tasty. After returning the steaks they came back medium. If this is supposed to be known for its steaks....why can't they cook them right!!!
Overall.... Will not be going back, which was the same consensus with the other 3 people     
Who ever put the bartender back there needs there head examined!!Unplanned dinner last night in town. Hostess found us a table and the food was great. Server was a bit reluctant to create a vegetarian option so I ordered a couple of starters. No problem. It all worked out fine.Made reservations online, arrived and we were seated promptly. I had the 31 day aged ribeye medium rare. It was cooked perfect and very good.  The root puree was fantastic and the service was great. I will definitely be back to try out the rest of their menu.I rarely write online reviews, this was such an exceptional experience that I felt I had to mention it.
Coming from New York we eat out a lot, though every dish I had here was the best I had.
The service was excellent and personal. We do have some dietary  restrictions and the staff was super attentive. The appetizers (tuna tartar, tomato festival and Kobe beef) were Devine.
The stakes: I feel that it would not be an overestimate to say they are some of the best meats I encountered. They select only the best 2% out of all USDA approved meat.
The chef - Shachar (which we had a pleasure to meet) is truly an artist. The butchers cut is out of this world and the rib eye was spectacular.
The desserts... OMG.... You just can't go wrong. We had the halva and the panna cotta deserts,  both amazing .
If you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and visit this place.This restaurant is beautiful..... We had dinner in the open court yard which had a perfect breeze surrounded by plants, shrubs, and flowers. For dinner we had the 18 oz Ribeye and New York and both were perfectly cooked and seasoned. It was so tender that the knife glided though the steaks so easily. For slides we had the grilled vegetables and asparagus al gratin. The service was great too in which we were checked on frequently had waters always filled and given lots of warm bread. This is a must if your wanting steaks.....This place was an absolutely delightful surprise. Gorgeous decor, fantastastic, attentive service, reasonable wine list, and of course, food to die for. I had the tenderloin which melted off the fork. My Argentinian friend had a cut called picanha, something ordinarily found in Argentina, and pronounced it perfect. A must go in NOLA!Simply fantastic, I recently celebrated my birthday at Doris and had one of the best dining experiences thst I've ever enjoyed. Having only recently found out about the restrurant, I was expecting the positive recommendations from friends to a bit over blown, they were not. Our reservation was for 9pm, the place was packed, we actually weren't seated until about 9:40.  This would have usually bern a problem with the crew I was with,  but the staff was very good about checking on us as we waited it was a non issue.  We were seated by the manger,  who because of the delay basically took care of our group with a set up of some of the best items on the menu.  It was all outstanding. I hate beets with a passion, but I would eat the roasted beet any day of the week it was delish. I cannot wait to return.I am extremely picky and tough on restaurants. I was born and raised in New Orleans.  We try at least one different New Orleans restaurant every week and have eaten at the majority of them.  Doris Metro is by far the best steak that I have eaten in a while.  Ruth's Chris, Morton's, Etc need to step up their game because the flavor of the meat that we had was amazing and it was so tender we didn't need knives.  We also had the carpaccio, artichoke salad, truffle fries, and the chocolate desert-everything had flavor.  Last but not least the service was exceptional and the atmosphere was upbeat!  This may now be my favorite steak restaurant in New Orleans!  Looking forward to my next meal there.Fantastic!! The food was delicious,
the atmosphere wonderful and service perfect. Doris Metropolitan is one of the best restaurants in town.There are rare occasions when I will give any restaurant 5 stars. In fact I never have that I recall. But honestly it is a rare occasion that I have such a happy opportunity to discover a dining experience that transcends the food and drink itself. My love and I arrived without reservations so decided to sit at the bar for a cocktail. We were greeted by Nick who is a true expert at what he does. Honestly it is worth coming to this restaurant just to have Nick create his expertly crafted cocktails,  so if you don't have time for dinner at least stop for a drink. Just give him something general that you like and he will make you one of the best drinks you've ever had. He was also able to recommend the best menu items and clued us in to a couple of off menu choices that were mouthwatering.  The chef and his support team are some of the best in the country. What I mean by best is that they're incredibly skilled,  and they seem to cook only the finest ingredients . But what sets them apart is how much they care. From our first experience of being greeted by the door to Nick the bartender impressing with his mixology expertise and to speaking with a number of the support staff I can honestly tell you this was the best meal I've had in at least 10 years.  These people care about you having not just a great meal but positive experience from start to finish and that's what sets them apart.  However the fact is if you were just going to rate this on food it would still get 5 stars, the food is that delicious. Be sure to order the roasted beet appetizer. I never thought a beet could taste so good. I often eat at fine restaurants and never would I so happily recommend.  Go to this restaurant you will not regret it. It's been a couple of days since my visit and I still can't stop talking about it.AMAZING! The best new restaurant in New Orleans right now! The whole experience was excellent. Beautiful new renovation, excellent service and spectacular food. Highly recommend!Great atmosphere. Very hip spot in the Quarter. Lots of hipsters etc. Had dinner at the bar with a colleague and ordered the tuna tartare and steak tartare for apps. They were just ok. The tuna was better than the steak. For dinner I had the "classified cut" of beef. It was cooked perfectly but didn't blow me away.  It wasn't that flavorful. I can see why a lot of people give it four stars but my experience wasn't four-star. Probably a 3.5.This has had to be one of the best restaurants ive been too. The ambiance was great, i celebrated my 30th bday with my wife there. The bread was amazing with the house made butter and tomato dip  ...i hand the butchers cut steak may i say it was amazing mouth watering.  My wife hand the lamb chops which were superb. Lastly for my bday gift from the restaurant was an delicious cookie an ice cream! This place is unlike any other.....please try the vieux carre drink OMG is gooooodddddWow, wow and wow!  I was alone tonight in New Orleans for dinner and had looked on Yelp for a recommendation in the French Quarter.  I made a reservation for a table but decided to sit at the bar instead.  Dining alone at a table always makes me kind of sad while sitting at a bar is more social but that aside.  I ordered the Moscow Mule cocktail which they call something with Tito.  It was a good size, not just ice as in some places, and delicious.  I ordered two appetizers for dinner.  First the chateaubriand tartare which was super!  I have to mention their breads too, made in house and I could go here for those alone!  For my "main course" I had the (grilled) calamari salad.  It quite possibly was the best calamari I've ever had.  So tender!  The combination with chickpeas, olives, arugula, squid ink and more was fantastic.  Highly recommend, great and attentive bar tenders too!During my birth"month" (it's an all month thing..a day just doesn't do it!), I was craving steak. I craved steak so much that I went to 3 different restaurants that week! One of them was Doris Metropolitan, who specializes in meats and even offers butchering services from their fine selection of beef that are dry-aged for at least 21 days.
The restaurant has a very clean, modern look. There's a mixed crowd of businessmen, couples, and large groups, which was refreshing because some restaurants tend to attract a certain demographic, but there was a good mix of everyone.
The food:
1. The Sweetbreads were large, tender, and juicy. I do wish there was a light crisp on the outside, but overall the sauce was sweet yet savory.
2. The Endive Salad had many components and the endives were perfect for scooping like a dip. Not very lady-like, but it works!
3. The 34 oz Porterhouse steak is perfect for sharing. I love that you get some tenderloin on one side of the bone and strip steak on the other side. Not to mention the perfectly cooked med-rare steak. One disappointment had to be when I requested more truffle butter that came with our bread plate to eat with my steak, the waiter decided to suggest foie gras instead without mentioning the $25 upcharge. And after eating the foie gras, I still wished I had the truffle butter instead. OK, it's not the healthiest dipping for steak, but it was so good!
4. The truffle fries were delicious! Perfectly thinly cut fries with just enough truffle oil. I hate how some places claim to have "truffle fries" but they have not a bit of truffle oil.
5. Chocolate Semifreddo was delicious, but I found it a little too dainty for my taste. I prefer a simple dessert that I can take a bite and and just feel like I had a piece of heaven.
Great job on creativity, but I will say that as delicious and juicy the steak was I didn't find it "special" or worth $82 considering it was mostly a big chunk of bone. The appetizer dishes balanced the meal very well and I loved the small touches of molecular gastronomic "pearls" in many of the appetizer dishes. Overall, it was an enjoyable birthday meal with good service, but the price is definitely a little steep.I had enough creole food for the past 3 days that I was here in NOLA and that tomorrow I am already leaving NOLA to go back to CALI, so I was thinking of eating a steak, I was browsing on Yelp then I saw this restaurant on Yelp. I did not call for a reservation because I thought It won't be busy since it's a Tuesday night but when me and my friend got there it was super packed. They said we had to wait 30 min- 1 hour. Then while standing waiting, the manager came to me and told me I didn't had to wait, that there will be no wait since people are leaving now.  So happy that they accommodated us for dinner. I ordered this 9 0z classified steak with root puree and a side of asparagus. That was a very good flavored steak, one of the best steak I've ever had. I'm glad I did go to this restaurant. I don't mind dining here again if ever I'm back in NOLA.  The waitress was very attentive and approachable and even the manager came to our table and see how was the food and how we are doing. I recommend this restaurant to everyone.They squeezed us in last minute on Thanksgiving night so we were super thankful. Turned out to be one of the best meals of our trip. Really yummy dinner-- we had a variety of things including a steak, some pork chops and a beet salad that was to die for. The interior is super beautiful and we had good service.Loved the atmosphere & amazing food. The service was a bit over the top though- it was to the point where they were hovering our table and taking plates before we finished our food. We felt a bit uncomfortable after it happened a few times. It was a pretty slow Tuesday night so maybe that's why! Aside from our minor complaint about the service, the place is absolutely wonderful. The wine and food quality are perfect. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone for a date night!I can never say enough great things about this restaurant it's hosted my birthday party dinners for the past 2 years in a row and this past August 29th was amazing they made me a special dish not only that my own personal cake amazing amazing amazing this is the best restaurant in New Orleans.It was really amazing! Had the bone in ribeye , truffle fries and asparagus. You can cut the streak with a butter knife.Celebrated my spouse's 40th birthday here last Saturday night with our party of four and had an excellent experience. The appetizers rocked, we had the stuffed beet root, tomato salad and the Château Briand tartare.  We could not get enough and wanted to order more until we realized our entrées were forthcoming. Two in our party had fall off the bone, one had a fillet, and I had the 31 day aged ribeye.  We were all wondering "where are the steak knives?" When the waiter said, "I'm sure you're wondering why there are no steak knives on your table, you won't need any."  He was right, the steaks were buttery smooth and oh so tender.  The service was excellent. You should go here!   Can't wait to visit again.Food, drinks, atmosphere and service are AMAZING. Our waiter Seth was so helpful and friendly, he made it a great experience. The open kitchen is cool, and the food is exceptional.I really enjoyed my whole experience here. We arrived about 20 minutes prior to our reservations and were seated as soon as we came in. Our waiter was very attentive and knowledge about the menu. We ordered a bottle of Daou, split a rib eye, truffle fries and beetroot appetizer. Everything was amazing! The only complaint I have is the restaurant noise level is high. The atmosphere is very cool. I wish we could have ordered dessert but we were too full. I will be back!Let me start this off by saying I never write reviews. Ever. But my experience at Doris metropolitan was one I'll never forget; so a review was more than appropriate. The experience from the very start was incredible. The wait staff was knowledgeable and prompt. The steak with the potato surprise, in addition to the beet appetizer, were phenomenal. I'm only 23 years old, but I can truly say I'm a customer for life at this place. Other than the previous reasons, this place stands out from the rest due to their phenomenal customer service. You will absolutely not be let down trying this restaurant. It is a must if you are ever in New Orleans.Amazing food!  My all time favorite restaurant. Wish they had one nearby.  The presentation was spectacular and everything was yummy. We were initially seated next to a loud bunch. But the waitress accommodated us and moved us to the next room.Went to Doris Metropolitan with a large group to celebrate a birthday. We reserved their private room which they quickly accommodated us by adding a table as we had more people than what we thought. We allowed them to feed us "family style".  The appetizers were amazing particularly the roasted beet, calamari, tuna tartare and tomato salad. They presented the table with 4 large flaming meat platters which had a combination of the different cuts of meat they served and included marrow.  The wine flowed thru out the meal.  Service was wonderful.  Highly recommended.We've passed by here several times in the last month and finally decided to give it a try. So very glad that we did! We say at the bar and were immediately served by a friendly bartender who suggested our drinks based on our preferences. We ordered the ribeye to share and it was PLENTY for the two of us! Medium rare, this steak was incredibly juicy...I even cut it with a fork. The seasoning was just right, not overpowering at all. Mashed potatoes as a side, and they were just as good, with great texture. This is a place that we will visit every time we come to NOLA!So we have been back twice and oh my god, it's quickly becoming my favorite place.  We live uptown and have never really gone to the quarter just for dinner until now. 
Classified cut, classified cut, CLASSIFIED CUT!!!!  carpaccio!!!  Tuna tartare!!!  Eat them!
Buck the sommelier is wonderful at recommending good grape juice too. All in all every trip gets better!!!Oh Doris Metropolitan, you gave me one of the best steaks I've had in a LONG while!!  I've tried nearly every steak restaurant in NOLA and it's easy for steaks to be unmemorable to me, but boy did theirs stand out!  I originally was going to order the aged Ribeye, but decided against it when our wait highly recommended the Butcher's Cut, and man am I glad I took her suggestion!  It was cooked to medium rare perfection and melted in my mouth upon first bite.  And geez, there was so much FLAVOR!  Gah, I thought I died and went to heaven.  Incredible piece of meat indeed.  My boyfriend ordered the aged ribeye, which was good, but nothing compared to my beloved Butcher's Cut!  To start off we ordered the Beetroot Supreme and the Sweetbreads.  I wish I loved them more, but maybe I was expecting too much based on the previous reviews.  Or maybe I just don't have the tastebuds for them yet?  On the other hand, the complimentary bread and butters were AMAZING!  Doris gives a variety of bread and butters to try and they were all fantastic!  We also ordered the Halvah Parfait for dessert, which was also delish.
Service was excellent as expected.  Our waiter took great care of us and knew detailed descriptions of the items on the menu.  Doris Metropolitan is such a great establishment that adds much to the NOLA restaurant scene.  I can't wait to be back!This place is by far the best steakhouse in New Orleans.  Chic modern take on a traditional French quarter building.  Knowledgeable and pleasant waitstaff rounds out a superior dining experience.  Not a fried oyster in sight!Phenomenal food and service.  Everything we had from apps to dessert were excellent and executed perfectly.  But let's be honest the steak is the star here. Our waitress Ryjane was very knowledgable and made us feel welcome.  We started off with 05 Saint emilion - a real gem on the wine list. Then the tomato celebration and the grilled artichokes. Both were home runs - full of Mediterranean flavors. But the star was my 31 day dry aged ribeye. Perfectly grilled medium rare with a little Demi. The aging made the steak so tender and flavorful. I asked for more cap on the ribeye and they delivered.  Olive oil cake for dessert was also perfectly executed. Will definitely return next time I'm in town.This place is totally overrated. I had the 31 day aged ribeye which was decent, but definitely did not live up to my expectations. The beet appetizer was bland and the sides were seriously lacking. Not sure why people are raving about this place. If you want a good steak go to Ruth's Chris. I definitely will not be back.This restaurant is the worst. Went last night. Granted I didn't have reservations but it he way they treated me was unacceptable. RUDE. Actually made me get up from a chair in the bar saying it was reserved. In fact everything was reserved. I left and went elsewhere. Never go to this place.At the suggestion of a local, we made a reservation for a quiet, romantic night out. What a culinary pleasure. The starters and appetizers were exciting, the wine selection was a delight. I can't wait to go back.I enjoyed my dinner at Doris . Someone who is in French quarter must visit this restaurant.... Atmosphere, service , food was amazing .Best steakhouse I have ever been too.  Service is unbelievable and the steak is perfectly seasoned and cooked. Shout out to Corey.  Unreal meal. Skip commanders palace and Antoine's. This is the place to eat in NOLAI've eaten at the best steak houses in America, nothing comes even close. This is not your "cookie cutter" steak house. The variety of dishes that is out of this world and the meat that is second to none. This place should be on everyone's bucket list.The best stakehouse in New Orleans. Excellent service, great atmosphere, and perfect stakes.The whole experience was excellent. Food was phenomenal. One of the best steak experiences we've had. The vegetable medley lacked luster but I didn't get to caught up with that because of how good the flavors of my steak were.If you are wanting a great aged steak, this is your place! Not only was the meat incredible but the appetizers were phenomenal! We split two of them, the whole beet stuffed with mascarpone cheese & the charred eggplant! The presentation was exceptional & the taste was divine! We were full after the first course! All of the bread, three different types, are made in-house. This place is such a find! We will definitely be back!!!!This was definitely one of the best meals I have ever eaten. My friend and I split the 34 oz. porterhouse and it was divine. The steak practically melted in my mouth and was incredibly flavorful. The asparagus and grilled veggies were equally wonderful. Very expensive but worth every penny.So delicious! Made a last minute reservation for my wedding anniversary. When it started with a wonderful variation of different breads and 3 different butters, all of which were good we figured we had made the right decision. My husband and I each ordered different appetizers both of which were mouth wateringly delicious. I got the burger and he got a steak, again fantastic. I've been visiting in NOLA for 3 weeks now and I still haven't been to a better fine dining/steak house yet. (And I've tried at least 6) highly recommended I would go well or if my way to eat here!Definitely the place to go to enjoy a great steak. We did the 75$ chef menu and it was outstanding. I highly recommend this place.Incredible calamari salad with eggplant purée, chickpeas, olives, and snap peas. Really exceptional. Cococumber chiller cocktail was also a pleasant, not too sweet surprise. We will be back!This place is just amazing!  Great ambiance, great service and really amazing food!  We were looking for somewhere to eat and came across Doris Metropolitan. The general manager was beyond friendly... He even took us after the kitchen was closing. Everything we ate was fantastic. The halva dessert was phenomenal. This restaurant is a def must if you are visiting New Orleans. If only there was one in Los Angeles!!This place is amazing! The steak here is so tender, juicy, and flavorful. Every appetizer and side doesn't disappoint either. The staff is so nice as well. I would definitely come here again and again!I shared the porterhouse with my wife after having the Japanese wagyu beef as an appetizer.  Both dishes were great.  Be prepred to pay for quality here as steaks start at $50.00 an go up from here.The best! I dream about the sweetbreads, which go great with the Israeli Red by the glass on the wine list. Great food,  staff,  and atmosphere. Traditional elements of steaks and cuts meets a modern, sexy presentation.Stopped in for a late snack and ended up with a complete dinner. Ordered wine and asked the bar tender to choose, the selection was perfectly balanced and lovely. Moved on to dinner and simply said, I'll have what he had. Since the person next to me had a meal that looked incredibly tasty. 
The eggplant with tahini was wonderful and really showcased the hidden secret behind the chef and owners, a little bit of Israel can be found in each dish and it was wonderfully tasty. The lamb was cooked perfectly and was mouthwateringly good. I thought it kissed the mint and appreciated the variation, then the mint found it's way to my pallet and I was thrilled!  It was now even more amazing!
Kept it simple and bypassed dessert, the wine and dessert selections did sound lovely though. 
 One of the things I forgot to capture, the meat locker. A lively display of he various meat selections which any meat living carnivore would really appreciate. I'd definitely return again and would make sure to have an amazing steak while there. 
P.S.  The artist/bar tender had some great stories and history and made the group conversations, so common when sitting at the bar, that much more entertaining.This restaurant is amazing!!! I had the most wonderful and unique meal. Every morsel was like a symphony in my mouth. Highly recommend!Super cozy and trendy restaurant in the French Quarter. Perfect for a nice formal date night out minus having to feel super dressed up. 
Their steaks are phenomenal. Top quality beef paired with an great wine list. Everything from the look of the restaurant to the great quality customer service down to the aesthetic of the food was exceptional. 
Good for business meetings or a nice dinner with the ladies.Wow-so it's a Saturday night in October and the Quarter is packed. We are a party of 6 and have no reservations. I get on Yelp and start looking for delicious dinner options and everywhere I call, they are booked. I call Doris Metropolitan, and while they can't get us in for a table, they tell me the bar is full-service and is pretty empty right now. We came right over and weren't disappointed. From the awesome drink service of Andy, to Micah guiding us through the menu, the service was friendly, professional and knowledgable. Then the food arrived- what can you say about a delicious aged ribeye, perfectly seasoned, accompanied by truffle fries and cheesy asparagus. Every bite was perfection. And the ambiance was ideal- modern with a NOLA flair. Why everyone doesn't put this on their must-eat list is beyond me. I WILL be back!