Just are here, got gator nuggets a beer and the catfish lunch special. The nuggets were alright I was happy at first. Unfortunately that's about the most positive part of my experience.   I'll start with the catfish, it was literally inedible. It tasted like someone left the fish out for the night and rolled it in bleach. I had one bite and now my stomach hurts. Why drago whyyyy. Finally, I asked the prices of their beer and was told they were between $4-6 dollars. I asked how much a bud light costs and was told that it was the cheapest beer. To my surprise the beer cost $6 and when I questioned my server about it she told me that since she had not directly said the beer was $4 dollars that I had to pay for it and nothing could be done. When we pointed out that she had tipped herself 20% instead of the 18% my beer became free! Anyways dragos had the worst fried catfish id ever eaten and shady servers that will take advantage of you if they can. Would not come back.
P.s oghgg my stomach still hurtsMama Ruth's Gumbo was not hot by the time I got it, watery-thin consistency, small portions. This is my second visit and I was sorely let down this time . The staff are friendly, BUT Go somewhere else if you want good food + dining experience.I've heard a LOT of complaints about the service, but they were great to me.
The chargrilled Oysters were yummy like everyone said, but I was not as excited about the chargrilled lobster.  They charred my lobster to the point of rubber-esque type quality.  Tip...if you ask for the lobster, tell them to give you the chargrilled oyster sauce.  That stuff is delicious and better than the fake, unsalted butter oil they give you with the lobster.This restaurant was highly recommended by our hotel bartender for charbroiled oysters.  We order two dozen immediately.  
We noticed they kept trying to serve our order to another table, then were taken back to the counter, while we watched other servers take them to their tables.  Once we notified our server, we finally received them.  They were pretty good, but Acme Oyster House is much better.  
The service was total chaos.  There were seven of us in our party.  Some of us ordered salad as an appetizer and then gumbo as a meal or visa versa.  Well that got all mixed up when we were served.  I was getting my salad that I asked for as a meal as an appetizer where the same person who order it as an appetizer, did not receive it at all.  
Then when we tried to explain the situation to one of the servers, it went into more chaosis.  One or two people would get their main dishes while the others had to wait.  Then another two meals would finally be served whilst the rest still had to wait.  As I said, it was total chaos.  
My Blue Cheese Wedge salad was served with Bacon Bits out of the jar, not real bacon.  It was disgusting.  No one at our table was really that thrilled with their dishes.  More like disappointed.
The manager served us several desserts, which were really good, to make up for the confusion.  He really didn't seem to think it was their fault, though.  I've been in the food industry for many years, and it was their fault.  
I would not recommend this place for anything but the charbroiled oysters and maybe desserts.  You can still get better from Acme Oyster House.It was okay but also disappointed. The grilled oysters were good but other food was so-so. The ladies at the hostess stand were busy talking and not paying attention while I stood there waiting to be seated. When they were finished talking, they were ready to seat me.
But Tiffany the waitress was Great!Drago's charbroiled oysters never disappoint. Friendly staff. The spinach dip was great too. No complaints whatsoever. I will definitely be back when I'm in NOLA.The reviews about the service were absolutely true. It's terrible. It took 20 minutes to get our oysters another 30 minutes after eating the oyster to get our food. We had to ask for the side salads because we were starving I don't think we would've ever received if we didn't ask. The food was actually pretty great. We had oysters and stuffed redfish it's sad that it was almost overshadowed by the service. 
The server has only 3 tables, one was about 7 people.Stopped thru for lunch. The service was great and the food was just as good. Had the crispy calamari and gumbo. Yummy. Last full day in NOLA. I would definitely give them a try again should I venture back this way.Just because it is unbearably crowded, don't make the mistake and think the food must be good.
The charbroiled oysters are tasty but way too salty.  All of the entrees were mediocre at best - tuna was cold and not charbroiled, crab-stuffed redfish - I've had better frozen fish from Trader Joe's (grocery store).
The noise level - borderline obscene.  With all of the good food in NOLA, I highly suggest going elsewhere.While I love traveling and trying new places, I also love new experiences right here at home. Drago's never disappoints with their lobsters. 
I was a little bit underwhelmed by the oysters but my dad is a commercial fisher man so I've had the best and freshest oysters right in my backyard.
The lobster though. It's one of my favorite places to get lobster in New Orleans. It is always cooked to perfection. This particular dish was with oysters which were fat and juicy even though it was in the middle of the summer. The sauce did make it tough to eat the lobster beneath though, but I'm just not into messiness.
Bottom line: I definitely recommend trying the oysters at least once and for sure getting the lobster because yum!The charbroiled oysters are AWESOME here!
I usually go to Drago's other location which I like better for the ambience (this one looks like a drab hotel restuarant) but the oysters are just as good here. Service is ok. Worth it if you can't get out to Metairie.Outstanding seafood place, we were at New Orleans for five days and we eat at Drago for five days, super oysters raw and charbroil. Highly recommendedWe went to Dragos when I was pregnant & it was food heaven. I had a craving for the charbroiled oysters (Note because they are charbroiled pregnant ladies can have them, just not raw seafood). While on our trip we went here twice & here's a tip just get your own dang order of a dozen & make sure to use your bread to soak up all the good juices on the plate! Yes, you're welcome!Our hotel recommended Drago's for seafood and it did not disappoint. The charred oysters were phenomenal. We thought they were actually better than Deanie's, which is a high bar. I had the Shrimp Boudin which was excellent. Julianna had the shrimp and grits. Justin was our waiter and he made the experience memorable and took great care of us. You could tell he really enjoyed his job.I expected fabulousness & was left a little let down honestly.   Charbroiled oysters were good,  although one order was burnt & tasted that way through & through.   The bread was awesome to do in the juice though! 
My water went dry too often without being refilled even after our waiter would come & deliver something he wouldn't ever come to refill glasses unless asked. 
I had the spring salad which was drowned in dressing,  so it was rich.   My husband ate the boudain stuffed shrimp & it was good.  I would go back,  but may not expect as much.Oysters charbroiled were good, tad small; black fish was wonderful; waitress was fun and helpful.This is a great place to eat, you have to try the Charbroiled Oysters! Every time I come for business trip I come here to eat, food is delicious and has great quality. Just watch for holidays or big events on the city, because they will be on a smaller menu and won't feel as comfortable your dinning, I don't know why they do that, but definitely, I will return here every time.charbroiled #oysters & stuffed maine #lobster 4 a well deserved #BOSSbrunch but the lobster was overcooked 2 the consistency of chewing gum?!? being a self proclaimed #aficionado of seafood this was an epic fail!!! dare I say I've had better lobster from #redlobster & trader joes!!! #foodie #foodGASM #foodPORN #instaFOOD #drinkGASM #eatPRAYloveJOURNEY2015 #essenceFEST2015 #partyWITHaPURPOSE2015 #creole4theWEEKEND #mayGEMINIs #favorAINTfair #blessedANDhighlyFAVORED #dontWASTEyourPRETTY #dragoSEAFOODneworleansGreat food, a little pricey for the char broiled oysters but well worth it. Great service, and great atmosphere.Food was garbage and manager was pathetic, did not handle the fact that the food was not cooked properly and kept sending the waitress to do his Job., was the first and last time don't eat here you have been warned only gave a star because I couldn't postWas so excited to eat at Drago's. We had been told it was a local favorite by a close friend who moved away many years ago. The food and atmosphere was very disappointing. Our food set under the heat lamp far toolong and the place was much to big to execute the meals well. Felt more like a chain than a local favorite. Service was very good but definitely over priced.Worst $78 ever spent on a meal. We came here for the chargrilled oysters, which I had on a previous trip and absolutely loved, however I can't say they were great this time. The oysters were tiny! Also, my husband had to send his filet back because the steak was cooked well, instead of medium. Also, I'm pretty sure they just threw the steak on the grill with no seasoning.Avoid the bar unless you plan on eating there. The bartenders basically ignored us because we were waiting for a table, they didn't bother to ask if we wanted a drink while we waited (which was the purpose of sitting there). Once our table was ready, they sat us in the front most portion of the restaurant which felt like a loud cafeteria. I was not impressed. Our waiter was friendly but basically brought us our food and left. I had to ask for bread for our table while waiters were walking around handing them out to other tables. The food. Well, I am from the Northeast so I expect a lot of my lobster. They sold this as Maine lobster so I gave it a try. I am pretty sure this was just a large crawfish because it was the smallest lobster I have ever seen. I am pretty sure it should have been thrown back in for a few more years to grow. Hubby got the Shrimp and Grits which was so-so. There are too many good restaurants with good food and service in New Orleans. Go somewhere else.So I sat at the oyster bar and watched Mike and Greg knock out thousands of BBQ oysters that were truly epic!  If you haven't had oysters before, this is definitely the place. 
I had the stuffed Gulf Prawns with Boudin sausage and was amazing.We had some wonderful oysters, both raw and charbroiled- some of the biggest I have ever seen, and some pretty killer bread pudding.  The service as very attentive and quick for a place this size.The chargrilled oyster was pretty good. First time having oysters so take my opinion with a grain of salt. I'm not an expert. An expert or someone who loves oysters would probably say they're delicious. It was a little salty too me. I was very disappointed with the lobster Marco. No seasoning whatsoever. Very bland for $30.Sitting in Dragos 2 hours (with kids) on a Sunday night waiting for food. I don't care how good the oysters are, (and they are awesome), but a two hour delay is ridiculous.
Then the entrees came out at different times, some dishes cold. 
Disappointing night.So I really want one star away because the ambiance is not the best. We were sat in the main dining room and it felt like a cafeteria. It was crowded and dirty green carpets. So we moved to the bar where they were making the oyster! After that......what an amazing experience. 
I hate oysters! That texture gets me every time! Then I was watching them put so much care and work into the chargrilled oysters and I had to try my husbands. AMAZING!  I made him order 6 more! By the time dinner came, I'm sad to say but I was full! So when my lobster came...you better believe I ate it but I was so full. 
One of the chefs was so nice and gave my husband a raw one because we were sooooo impressed with how big the oysters were. There is nothing like this in Southern California. 
GO here!!!! Sit at the bar where they make the amazing oystersFrom the alligator bites to the grilled oysters and the twin filets, a very good meal, and a great time had by all.Oh. My. Goodness. The charbroiled oysters were the best oysters I've ever had. I assume that the oysters were so delicious because of the butter sauce. The waiter was super nice and even brought more baguette slices for dipping in the butter.
Yes, these will live up to the hype. I already miss you, oysters.It was yummy...but the service was not fabulous, and the food came slower than running molasses in January!!!  If you're stuck in the Hilton for a conference and can't get out to go somewhere far for lunch because you don't have time...STILL GO ACROSS THE STREET TO SUBWAY...THERE IS NOTHING FAST OR EVEN OF MODERATE SPEED ABOUT THIS PLACE!!!My husband and I have eaten at Drago's many times. It has never failed to be delicious. We always order the fabulous charbroiled oysters! We also decided to order the gumbo when our waitress told us it was half price (maybe it was a special or it may have been because we were eating so late that night...9 p.m. ) The gumbo was so delicious. I always order gumbo when I go to seafood restaurants, because it's my favorite. It was dark, rich and seasoned perfectly. I will definitely order it again. I had grilled shrimp and eggplant stack which was a HUGE portion. It was good. My husband had red beans and rice. He liked it. I plan to skip the entree in the future and go with the oysters and gumbo!Food was overpriced for the quality that was brought to us. Honestly regret getting oysters here after having Acme Oyster House (it's pretty good by the way) the day before.
Came with a party of nine, told there was an automatic 18% grat, which was fine. But our shady waitress (LISA), tried to pass off a 20% tip as 18%. What??? Also our friend asked what was the cheapest beer and was told it was bud light, but when the check came she up charged him for it. When asked about it she was defensive and said she thought it was the cheapest and wasn't sure. It's bud light not some exotic import that only a few would order per night, how could you not know.In the past ate here & was awesome. Came in from out of town & couldn't wait to eat here. Went for lunch & was anxiously awaiting the chargrilled oysters. They were very small, did I say "small?" Ummmm yeah, how about tiny?!? Crabmeat au gratin was all cheese. Where's the seafood Drago's?!? Big disappointment:-( worst meal for the exorbitant price in a while. Service stunk too. Won't ever go back. Will never recommend again like I have in the past. Not ever :-(Color me unimpressed.
Atmosphere pretty terrible. We got jammed in a table between two other couples with bench seating.
Service wasn't great. Entree was supposed to be crawfish ravioli... since they're out of season, they told me shrimp was the replacer. Ok. After waiting forever, my ravioli was hard and pretty unappetizing.. couldn't tell whether they were way overcoocked or just sitting under a heat lamp forever.
Avoid. Much better seafood very close.The only reason this place gets 3 Stars is because the Charbroiled oysters are 5 STARS across the board. I went tonight (the Saturday before Shrove Tuesday). Sat myself at the bar.. which was disgusting ... FILTHY! The bartender wiped the counter with a baby wipe to clean it, which is cool. We ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters. No one checked on us to refill our waters, ask if we wanted a drink, or to order a meal. With 3 bartenders behind the bar, I expected better service. Like I said, if you're going for the oysters it's GREAT! 
Everything else on the menu (which was a shortened condensed version of the one online) did not look too appeasing.If you want your water to be refilled, this is the place to come. I was so disappointed on my last day here. It took over an hour to be served the main course. To add insult to injury, my charbroiled lobster had not once but twice sent back because of someone's hair on it as well as it being cold. They comped only the lobster. The servers are incompetent and two of them seem to think it's ok to say " yo homie" while passing the food over the wall separating the floor over my girlfriend's friend. God forbid if the food had spilled on her. I was so disgusted that I would not recommend this establishment to anyone. To add insult to injury, they forgot to give me a pen to pay for the bill.
From my girlfriend:  My family and I were looking forward to having dinner on our final night in NOLA at your establishment. To put it simply, the service was poor (bordering on ghetto), the food was sent back for having hair on two different plates. 2 of 4 of our dishes came out cold, and while apologies and removal of the "hairy" dishes from our bill helped, we felt the need to contact you directly.I should have listened to the driver from our car service coming from the airport. You go here for the Char-grilled oysters and then go elsewhere. They are decadent and flavorful, pairing well with an Abita Amber and the crusty bread that accompanies the oysters.  The chicken we ordered for our son was like shoe leather, the lobster Mac and Cheese and gator bites  were nothing special. The seafood gumbo had potential, but it was hardly warm. The service was friendly but disjointed. 
Grab some oysters and bail, it's a short walk to Mothers or the Palace for some other NOLA favorites.I had a great dining experience at Drago's. I ordered the Lobster meal and it was rich and succulent!  You should try it sometime. I don't mind paying the bill whatsoever.Went there today... other than the charboiled oysters nothing else was great. We had the alligator tacos which was ok... the chicken and sausage gumbo had no seasoning. The crab dip was ok and the alligator bites the batter lacked seasoning and over killed the flavor of the alligator.Wonderful service, charred oysters and shrimp&grits were fantastic. Lobster mac&cheese was awesome. Wine selection is good as well.Can't tell you how disappointed we were to find they had changed their menu.  We loved their Crescent City Shrimp and it is no longer offered.  Our server offered us the substitute, but it just didn't do the trickA lot of people write bad reviews here probably came during busy hours. I have eaten here twice and have avoided those rush dinner hours. It's in the center of the tourism area and it's connected to the Hilton. What do you expect? 
This place is no different from it's Metairie location. We always get the charbroil oysters and I always order the lobster with angel hair pasta and oysters. All times were never disappointing. I stopped going to the Metairie location because of the staff but the staff here are nice and work pretty fast.We love Dragos so much that it is our first stop after we unpack our bags. Unfortunately on Jan. 13 evening, we were served burned oysters. The clams were black and shriveled to the size of escargot. There was no garlic butter left in the oyster shells. It was poured in the center of the platter. The Parmesan cheese was black and the texture was like burnt breadcrumbs. We did not send them back because our waitress was too busy with a party of twenty conventioneers. Inedible charbroiled oysters. The French bread was hard too. I will only order raw oysters now.We have 2 dozen raw oysters and fish stuffed with crab special sorry dude spinach risotto a side of the lobster mac and cheese and the Cajun prawns everything tasted very good indeed! That being said their service is lacking. Most of the evening groups of 6 or 7 servers were huddled serving station talking. Our server was abrupt and unprofessional, unable to put our order together. Others around us we're not getting much better service. It was too bad because it is a lovely place and the food very good but the servers were poor and slow.We had a great experience at Drago's for lunch today. Our server, Jerry, was incredibly attentive and did a wonderful job. As previous reviews said, the charbroiled oysters are really something else (5/5). Definitely get these! We came because our hotel front desk told us the shrimp and grits are some of the best, and they are (4.5/5). 
I would give service a solid 5/5. Jerry went above and beyond to ensure we had a pleasant experience. My boyfriend had ordered the lunch special, which, for some reason, changed 3 times in the course of our meal. In the end, my boyfriend just asked to take it off our ticket because we were actually getting pretty full (the charbroiled oysters and the shrimp and grits were very filling!). Not only did Jerry take care of everything smoothly, but he apologized for the inconvenience at the end of our meal and offered us a small dessert to make up for it. In fact, I wanted to write this review to express my appreciation for his service during our meal. 
Anyway, great food, great service. We enjoyed our lunch!Great venue for large groups!   We worked with Christina who was very helpful as we reserved a table of 31!   The restaurant was large enough that basically had the whole back of the restaurant to ourselves.   The service was great and efficient.    Typically when a large table like this orders the food dribbles out slowly, but the kitchen staff got it all out super fast!   Kudos to them.   Everyone I talked to enjoyed their meal.This is definitely a good seafood restaurant to visit if you are around the riverside. ITs gets very busy tho so it might be a while.Drago's - the food took 45 min after we ordered to be brought out, but it was very busy evening.  I had the the Fish of the Day: Blackened Red Fish.  The fish was
a "B", baked potato ok, and side-salad poor quality.  So the food get's about a 3.5/5.
The service get's a 2.5/5 for being ridiculously slow even though busy.  The value was awful.  With tip and with water, the bill came to $28.00, at least $12.00 too expensive imo.This place is incredible! The Oysters are to die for! We use to go to Acme, not anymore! Second time here in two days! This time we sat at the Oyster bar, never sit in a table again! Very entertaining! Our server Laura was incredible also, very attentive and refilled my drink like 4 times! Great place!Service reminds me of the A&G cafeteria. Rushed at first, then non-existent.  Char-broiled were OK,  a little over cooked for my taste. Salads came with a little plastic single serving thingy for the dressing.  Butter in plastic single serve containers.  At least they had cloth napkins.
The pasta and oysters was just OK.  A little overcooked.  Overall, the place should do much better than this for the price.We were here for dinner on Wed (06/25/14). As other reviewers have mentioned, the charbroiled oysters here are good and you can skip the fresh raw oysters (we tasted much better ones pretty much elsewhere). The shrimp pasta florentine we had was not bad too, but not sure about the other food selections though. Service was acceptable and ambience was okay. But I would suggest going elsewhere to get a better food/dining experience and more value for money.Yes. Just do this. I'm not gonna get fluffy but many a broken oyster cherry has been over a dozen chargrilledExcellent service!  The oysters are awesome. One of my favorite New Orleans restaurants.The charbroiled oysters are hands down amazing. Worth every penny. However the meals were not to
Hot. I had the seafood pasta, my boyfriend had the "fresh" lobster and the fresh lobster was not fresh, pasta sauce was good, but noddles over cooked.  Service was not good at all. We saw our waitress a whole 3 times. 
I gave three starts only because the OYSTERS were amazing. I will go back for only OYSTERS.I've been to Drago's twice and they were both a pretty good experiences.  The restaurant is much larger than it appears as the main dining area is around the corner from the bar at the main entrance.  There is even another larger bar area back there.
My 1st trip to Drago's was with a large group for a company dinner.  Everyone said that Drago's is famous for its charbroiled oysters so of course we had a few dozen.  They were very good, the best I had at the time.  I had the "Big lobster" which was just a simple steamed/boiled lobster.  When I saw that they had lobster on the menu I did not need to look at anything else, only needed to decide the size of the lobster that I wanted.  It was pretty good, but the one thing I was not expecting was for it to be cracked for me in certain spots, so a lot of the juices were drained!  =(  That's one of my favorite things about lobster.  I'm just used to having lobster at home, so I'm used to doing all the work myself.  It was still good, I was just wasn't expecting that.
For my next visit I had the lobster pasta.  It was pretty good, nothing really to rave about.
Overall Drago's is a solid place, but it does hedge to the pricey side on my price/performance ratio.  It's also in the Hilton so I kind of think that since they get business customers for free that they really don't have to try hard since they're getting easy business from the hotel.  After eating here twice, I probably will not be coming back as I have other favorites around town.This was by far the worst meal we had in New Orleans. The famous Charbroiled oysters were just ok. The lobster was over cooked and the petite "filet" was overlooked and basically a sirloin. So disappointing. Save your money as it is extremely pricey.Super long wait for food to go or to get a table and other customers were getting upset and rude which made it uncomfortable for us. While actual food was fine, the wait kind of ruined the whole experience especially as the food was basically cold by the time we could eat it. We did like the charbroiled oysters and it was filling but couldn't get the full New Orleans experience at this one. Maybe it would have been better to go here on a less busy day but seems like it's constantly busy. We came at 3 PM so it wasn't even a mealtime.This place was so delicious! The food was so yummy! We ordered the shrimp and grits, and the seafood pasta, which were both incredible choices and worth every bite! My only complaint was the service, and we arrived around 9pm and the hostess acted as though they were closing and told us we could only eat at the bar. However, we had a very lovely bartender who made sure we had a wonderful experience! Food is delicious! You should check it out!I'm gonna write this review as the night goes by because as I'm sitting here I've been sitting here with my family for 15 minutes after being sat at a 4 top after telling them we needed a table for 5. Then waited for someone to even tell us to hold on and they'll be right back with us in 2 minutes but we are still waiting. 5 minutes in ...They brought us our drinks but tell me why they got it in tiny little glasses when everyone else here got normal size glasses [ill be sure to add the photos]... iced tea has NO ICE... half the staff is just standing around looking clueless and not even a care in the world to help anyone. Oysters were good and that's it. Wouldn't come here for anything else.If I could give zero stars I would have. Worst service I have ever experienced in New Orleans. And even when the server stuffed up, no apology blame the kitchen instead. The problem is that Drago has an open kitchen so we could see what was going on. The server clearly forgot to order our starters. 
When the mains arrived before the starters and then again with the starters, third time they brought them to us they had dried out under the heat lamps. Where are their high standards?
Nothing classy about the decor. The sports bar in the Hilton looked better. 
I admit the charbroiled oysters were good but my Boudin stuffed Shrimp was way too salty and not spicy as described. The lobster after 3 trips to our table and spending an extended period of time under the heat lamp was tough, dried out and inedible. 
The manager avoided us until I called her over. Offered free dessert. Too little too late. At least she had the decency to remove the mains from the check. 
The server she was rude to the end. Cleared the table by stacking the plates up in front of us and then asked if we would like our leftovers boxed! Incredible bad experience. Avoid Drago's.First off - the charbroiled oysters that other yelpers are reviewing - they aren't joking - they are amazing!  There are others in town but these are by far the best!!!
I was in town recently and had a large group for a business dinner.  They were able to accommodate perfectly!   Note - they will not seat you until your entire party is present!
The menu is local flare - only a couple of steak options but the rest is seafood, gumbo (which was spicy and good), and salads, etc.
Casual atmosphere so need to dress up!
Recommended for anyone visiting and needing some local comfort food!This is real New Orleans food! OMG you will NOT find a better charbroiled oyster on the face of the earth, I can personally guarantee that. The lobster is amazing, heck, everything is amazing!I do not eat much seafood, including oysters, so maybe I'm not the perfect person to represent a review for those who go for this type of food. But, for the friends of those others, listen up! This place feels like a Hometown Buffet with it's minimal decor and tons of basic wooden table and chair seating. You have a million and one waiters running around, yet service is relatively slow. Yet, the prices are $15+ for an entree. I'd give the ambiance a 2; then again, this is a restaurant in a hotel, albeit a Hilton. 
As for the food... My oyster-lovin' friends ordered some of the half-shell (raw) and the charbroiled oysters. The raw ones came out dirty and translucent. They tried a few, realizing the oysters tasted fine but left grit in their mouths. They waited for the waitress and she took them back. We got a second round quickly; they were much cleaner, although the table was still amply dirty from the first round (from melting dirty ice), which I would have thought the waitress should have cleaned since we had no extra napkins (only linen ones on our lap). The second round was cleaner, but still translucent; they gave them a 3-star rating for flavor. 
The charbroiled ones came out after. They said they reminded them of steak, giving them a 4-star rating. I tried one, and aside from the gross texture, it looked better than the raw gremlin-fetus ones and had a decent flavor. Smoky, cheesy, though a bit salty. 
I ordered the blackened chicken over linguini with alfredo sauce. The chicken was actually pretty darn good, perhaps a 3.5, though the linguini was overcooked and the alfredo reminiscent of something out of a can. Reheating the leftovers the next day, however, it tasted much better. Somehow the chicken didn't get dry in the microwave, but the pasta dried up and tasted a bit more authentic and less like children's food. 
Either way, considering the slow service (though hospitable waitress for us, apologizing for the error of the cook), the bad first attempt at both the raw oysters and my meal, and the pricing and ambiance, I would likely not return and give it an overall 2-star rating.Regardless if you like oysters or not you have to try the char broiled oysters. They are to die for. Service was top notch.Service was horrible. I can't emphasize that enough. I waited 20 min before someone even approached me. I was literally leaning on the bar by myself so it wasn't like I was far away. The place wasn't bourbon street packed, plenty of fun times between the bartenders and the other customers. When they finally got to me, she said, 'we're actually closed.' I looked at the clock, 10:06 pm (they close at 10pm). She took my order anyways as if she was doing me a favor and made sure I knew that. If I had been taken care of within 15 of arriving at the bar, we wouldn't be having this discussion. I'm staying at the hotel. I won't come down here again. I could give a 1 star but the food was decent. Not enough to get a 3 but still frustrated by the service. Even a 'I'll be with you in a minute,' would've sufficed but ignoring me with the hope that I just leave (that's exactly how it felt) is just wrong. SMHMy hubby fell in love with oysters here.  He won't eat them anywhere else. He always gets a dozen charbroiled oysters.  I still haven't wrapped my mind around trying the oysters, but they smell fabulous.  One day I promise I will.  :)   However, I enjoy the bbq shrimp, and the shrimp fondue is always a winner. Although, I don't care for the "bagged" salad that comes with the meal.  All in all, it is worth the experience....Especially, for those who love oysters.  It is a seafood lovers dream.Drago's was good, but if you're on tight time schedule and want to hit a lot of the NOLA restaurants, I wouldn't waste one of my precious meal slots here.  The food here is delicious, don't get me wrong, but it's nothing uniquely Louisianan.  
We had the raw and charboiled oysters.  They were HUGE, but not cleaned well.  So when you ate them you got a lot of debris in your mouth as well.  The oyster shooters were also missing cocktail sauce.  So oyster plus only vodka?  umm gross.
For the main course, I had their stuff lobster: "A 1 1/4 lb. whole Maine
lobster filled with a fresh crabmeat and shrimp dressing and topped with crabmeat au gratin."  Definitely came with a lot of lobster meat.  Very good and decently priced under $30 if I remember correctly.My husband always eats here when he comes in for business, and wanted me experience all that he loves about this place. He ordered the charbroiled oysters, which he loved, but my catfish po boy was not good at all. It was mostly tough bread with some lettuce and pickles. I opened the sandwich so I could get the fish, and it was the thinnest fish I have ever seen. All I could taste was breading. I've had better po boys off a food truck or at a fish fry in someone's driveway. 
My husband will continue to get his oysters and lobster Mac and cheese here when he comes for business, but just without me. 
Staff was kind, polite, and helpful.OMG! Their Char-Grilled Oysters were orgasmic!
Drago's boasts having the Original Char-Grilled Oysters. Kudos for such an inventive dish! So delicious and large and buttery and cheesy and smokey! The bread was fresh and perfectly crusty and they serve just enough to sop up the wonderful juices left behind. 
This is my "must-eat" pick for New Orleans! Kudos Drago's!Was in New Orleans for a weekend and came here both days for the chargrilled oysters. I cant really speak for any of the other food but the chargrilled oysters were some of the best food i have ever eaten. The place is nice, service was good, and prices are reasonable.Today three of us visited Drago's for Sunday lunch, and the experience went from bad to good. The server didn't ask if we wanted drinks and when I could finally summon her to put in a drink order, she suggested a less expensive vodka, instead of what I ordered. Not to sound pompous, but I don't need her to monitor my spending and that's exactly how she came off. I can afford to drink and eat the things I want. Then the appetizer looked unappealing - it was calamari that looked like it had been cooked the day before and then dipped at least twice more than necessary today. We finally got our entrees and the plates were cold. (I had char-broiled oysters so they were hot obviously). But when we sent back the cold food, the server never came back with a replacement plate and when she finally did return, she asked if we wanted something else to eat. But to add insult to injury, when we spoke to the manager, we voiced our concerns and he said that her service was usually good and that he was "sticking up for [server's name]." Those were his precise words. He does not understand - and we told him this - that he totally invalidated our concerns. He doesn't get it. He was essentially saying to us, "You are the customer and you are wrong."Visit Date: 03.09.2011
BEST CHARBROILED OYSTERS EVER! These things were huge, drenching in that buttery sauce. If you can only order one dish, you order the charbroiled oysters. And worse yet, if you don't like seafood, you shouldn't be here... even the supposed vegetarian red beans & rice dish that my friend ordered on Ash Wednesday contained an oyster wrapped in bacon lol.
I also had the fried oyster po' boy sandwich as my lunch item (oysters served as an appetizer amongst my party), which was served with my choice of sides, being fries. The 8" po' boy consisted of a nice, crisp French bread, had lots of fried oysters, and was very tasty.
Since I was also staying at the Hilton hotel near the French Quarter during my visit, this place was a rather convenient, albeit fancier, location to dine at.Disappointing!  The food was only average and the service was lacking. If you are looking for great oysters, take the advice of other reviewers and go to Acme. Skip this place.  It's not worth it.The best oysters, ever. We quit sharing the charbroiled oysters after our first visit! Very well priced, fast and attentive servers!I had family staying at the Hilton Riverside and they were tired from traveling and interested in a meal close by. When we arrived and put our name down with the hostess and she informed me that it would be just a moment, they are setting up the table now and then proceeded to hand me a pager.  I was surprised when we received a pager when we were initially told that it would be just a minute while they set up the table however, I understood that because it was getting close to 7pm, the bar might fill quickly and she would be unable to locate our group. 
We proceed to sit in the bar and decide to order a drink while we wait. The bartenders were busy with diners and drinkers alike and after waiting to be given even the slightest bit of notice, the bartender looks up and rather than greeting us merely looks my way and says "yes?" All of the cocktails ordered were discarded immediately or sent back because they were either too strong or made incorrectly.
It has now been 20 minutes so I decided to go back and check in with the host stand and she tells me once again that they are just setting up the table right now it will only be another minute. Might have not been as frustrated with this IF we had received good service in the bar area....
Once we are seated, the dining room was loud, which was expected. One of my guests ordered a half dozen oysters, but were brought a dozen. Another ordered a Tom Collins and we received a Planter Punch. The crab cake was smothered in sauce that was thrown all over the plate and just looked sloppy. This describes essentially our entire experience....SLOPPY. 
I was extremely disappointed especially because it was my family's first impression while visiting.We stopped here because everyone raves about their chargrilled oysters and they were delicious!!! However, I wish that we had stopped there. We also had the lobster mac and cheese, which was pretty delicious. For entrees my wife got the lobster and pasta and I got the boudin stuffed shrimp. The lobster came out with a super fishy taste because it hadn't been cleaned well and the boudin was so spicy I couldn't even finish it. This place has very reasonable prices and has a huge seating area, and I would recommend that you just get the oysters and lobster mac and cheese and you will leave thrilled with your dinner.Best. Char-broiled. Oysters. Hands down. The bar service was great, and the rest of the food was good, but oh, those oysters! We even went back for another helping before we left town!We were a table of 4. We had an obviously new server. She couldn't answer any of our menu questions and constantly had to leave and come back with answers. We ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters to start. Those tasted great and were hot. Our entrees came out at room temperature. Not one item we ordered was warm so it wasn't one dish or side that held up the order. The server asked if we wanted to see a manager and we said we didn't we just wanted them to know that the food was cold. One member of our party went to the restroom and ran into our server. He then asked to see a manager. The manager came to the table and apologized. He offered us something to go or a dessert. At this point, we were ready to leave and forget this horrible experience. He did not discount our bill or offer to refund any of the uneaten meals (fried food is horrible cold). This Drago's in located inside a hotel and in very close proximity of the Riverwalk. That must be the reason this place is still open. Either tourists do not know better or so much volume is done that offering good food and good service does not matter.I don't understand the low rating on this place. Delicious, affordable seafood and really friendly service!