Went here for my first time a few days ago and was really excited. The most common item on their menu are their burgers.  It is much like a burger bar in the sense that you get to mix and match different available toppings, types of meats, cheeses, and buns.  All for around $7.  However, I have to say that my medium rare burger came out badly overcooked and was much beyond well done.  The red peppers I had on the burger were delicious and if the burger wasn't so dried out I'd say it was delicious and very reasonably priced.  I'd love to come back and try a burger that was cooked properly, because I'm obsessed with burgers, but unfortunately I dont think I'll risk it.For what they offered, we were SO pleased with this little breakfast nook.  It was right across from our hotel, so great location for us.  The service was exceptional - very attentive, helpful, and nice waitress.  The food was really good - nothing particularly "local flavor" about it, but a pretty classic and modest breakfast menu.    Good coffee, real cream (important!), the breakfast we were served was really good.  Very clean, pleasant ambiance, as well.  Also, extremely affordable.  We were SO pleased and relieved to find this place!  Especially after we had so many failures trying to find good food and being stymied by humongous lines or super high prices.Gah!  I hate finding new burger places in the CBD to try out, especially when it's one I'm going to become a regular at!
Dress It! is primarily a burger restaurant located in the Omni Royal Crescent.  The interior very swanky and pretty spacious. The menu's the novelty of the place.  You check off what you want, the toppings, the bun (or lack thereof) and the sides. Once you've finished compiling your culinary masterpiece, you hand off your order to the waitress and away you go.
I've noticed other reviews mentioning inconsistent service/food.  Well, I'm here to add my two Cardinal's Crowns.
I was seated promptly.  Ordered a medium well burger with bacon and onion rings.  Turnaround time from order placed to receiving order: less than ten minutes.  The burger was cooked to my specifications and the toppings were fresh.  The onion rings, while pricey, were a pleasant surprise.  Instead of the standard batter, they were battered in what appeared to be fish batter.  That left them crispy to the bite and debris wasn't falling all over the place.
My waitress, Jenny, was very nice and even gave me a to go cup for my sweet tea.  
To quote MacArthur, "I shall return..."Good food, buffet style, up and coming place. You won't regret eating hereThe food was horrible, pancakes were like cardboard, their waffle maker didn't work. Service was bad and was expensive. Avoid this place like the plague. New Orleans food is so good and this place should close its doors to keep from screwing other touristsThis place was right across the street from my hotel so I figured we would give it a try... horrible decision. Honestly it was probably 60 degrees in the place. There were maybe 7 ppl total. It took 50 minutes for us to get our eggs!!!! The waiter didn't really even care and it didn't seem like he even checked the kitchen. Once our food finally came there was a hair in my friends breakfast sandwich. I will never ever go back to this place and would not recommend it to anyone!!!!3 Stars = "A-OK" We stayed at the hotel so Dress It was the most convenient place to eat on those lazy mornings/nights when we dry Californians didn't feel like sweating a gallon outside. The reason I only gave this place a 3 star rating was because you are in NOLA, walk a few blocks and there is sooooo much better variety of great food. Don't be lazy
The food here was nothing special, Breakfast was your run of the mill eggs, waffles, bacon...they had GREAT crispy bacon. We got back really late one evening after a tour and the places we had planned to eat at was closed so we ate here and had their custom burger. It was a really well made burger, My medium burger was perfectly pink in the middle but the outside was charred to perfection.Service was good, very nice server. Burgers were good and options plentiful. Onion rings were good too.I love this place! Its clean, well priced and not to mention the food is great! If you want a burger that is not dripping with grease and loaded with creole flare this is the place for you. Their menu is a design so you check off boxes as you design your personalized burger starting with protein, then dressing etc. The service is friendly and timely. I consider this my veggie burger/crab cake sandwich spot.I went here and had a hamburger.
Food: overlooked dry bland burger served on a cold bun. Soggy fries
Service: after my hands were covered in crumbs and grease I had to ask for a napkin twice, didn't get a water when I sat down. Very disappointing
Ambiance: nice, large ceilings and windows looking out on the streetGood food.  Rude service.  Don't go near post lunch closing time(2pm). 
I won't be venturing back. Can get a cheaper burger elsewhere downtown during the lunch hour.Stayed across the street with my wife at a hotel without a restaurant and we were thrilled to find this place. Excellent food and the ability to design the burger from top to bottom was actually kind of fun. Plus I got a burger exactly the way I like it. Sweet potato fries, red beans and rice and cole slaw were all quite good, too. Most importantly, nothing seemed pre-packaged - even the fries appeared to have been made at the restaurant instead coming from a big bag in the freezer. Decent beer and wine selection, too.NOT OKAY.
Worst restaurant EVER! Do not try it!
We walked there around 12 yesterday, and did not want to wait in line for other popular restaurant, so we decided to give it a try. 
Worst service! Waited thirty minutes for our order to come, and the other table of all pretty girls who came later than us got their food way much before us.  So RACISM! 
Also, they did not get my order correctly. 
The worst part of all is they charge more than I wrote on the check. If I did not check my bank account, I would not know that they charge me that much!!!
So No wonder no one was in the restaurant! DO NOT TRY IT!
THERE ARE SO MANY other food to eat!It's such a shame that this place was my first encounter in NOLA. 1 star is too much. This burger was horrible. PERIOD! The cheese was not melted properly, Tater tots had that frozen taste and the burger was really salty for me. Service was alright considering they are understaffed. I saw the cook handling the food with her bare hands, but by then my food was bitten into. I did not appreciate that my call was ignored. It took me to be transferred through the hotel line to have my order taken. Im dumbfounded that this place is still in business.Absolutely loved it.  Great burger, great sweet potato fries and awesome tots.  This place is a def must eat for burger lovers in Nola.Was walking down the street and saw the place in the corner. Nice restaurant and decor. The food was excellent and tasted oh so good. Although a handful of people were inside, the con was there was one hostess  and the food came out of slow. I would definitely come back but not when I'm hangry (hungry)...Terrible service.  The food is not bad, but is extremely overpriced. When I asked if they could substitute grits for a biscuit they said sure, then tried to charge me for it on the bill. When I asked about it they argued with me told me they couldn't substitute. Why the heck didn't they say that when I was ordering not when they were trying to argue with me on the bill.  They did eventually take it off the bill, but that's the type of argument you should never have in a restaurant.. In a city with such great food, this one needs to go away and make place for a better restaurant.Good food, good service, good price!
I was in town staying at the Sheraton and with Mardi Gras parades clogging everything up, this place was a nice reprieve, just barely off the beaten path without the crowds and long wait time.great burger and fries love the fact that you get to "dress it" with all the toppings you even have peanut butter as a choice which i know sounds gross but try it..i recommend getting it on the side and try it on a piece first..I was looking for a good burger on Yelp and we decided to try Dress It. This place rocks! It is on the corner of Gravier and Camp, the atmosphere is casual, and the service is GREAT. You wait to be seated and once seated you are given a pencil and a sheet of paper that serves as a "check-off" menu. First you choose the type of sandwich you want...Burger, veggie-burger, grilled chicken, pulled pork, crab cake, etc.. Next you choose the type(s) of cheese you want, then other dressings, the type of bread, wrap, or roll, and finally you can choose a side. 
The veggie burger was excellent and it is made on premises - the beef burger that my daughter had was also great. I had tater-tots as a side and they were the best tater-tots I think I have ever had. One word of warning....the sides are huge! You could order one side of fries or tots for two or three to split. The two of us with drinks, burgers, and sides got out for $17 before the tip.We had an outstanding lunch here - both the shrimp quesadilla (a special) and the hamburger were fantastic and reasonably priced.  Unlike other reviewers, we had a great experience with service - friendly and prompt.  Highly recommended!The tots are great!!! Cool place for a quick delicious burger by the office without having to deal with the line at Company. Very reasonably priced, and you get to customize your sandwich.We were walking along looking for a decent burger place and ran across Dress It.  It wasn't too crowded so I was wondering why???
Overall, good service, nice decor and decent menu selection.  I decided to try the portabella burger since I've never had one before.  It was delicious.  I would definitely eat here again.*This review is pertaining only to their brunch.*
I was ready to tear this place apart. I had wanted to go to Majoria next door based on the yelp review, however my sig O refused Majoria since "it looked run down." I was upset, hungry, cranky, and it had been 20minutes since I ordered my breakfast sandwich.
And there it came - the unassuming-looking sandwich and omelette. The first bite of omelette made all my anger disappear. Breakfast sandwich was really, really delicious. The hint of cajun style was perfect with the otherwise simple sandwich. The breakfast made my day. 
It turned out that there was only one waitress serving the entire restaurant (hence the slow service); she even came by later to apologize for the slowness.Alas, I am full of sadness with my most recent excursion.  I went to Dress It to have a simple meal: a burger and onion rings.  Unfortunately, what greeted me was an unwelcome change.
The little mini menu checklists to mark off what you want on your burger? Gone. Replaced with a VERY truncated menu placard.  My beloved onion rings? Also gone.
So, I ordered a burger with lettuce, cheese, tomato, and pickle with an order of fries.  While the fries were good, they couldn't hold a candle to the onion rings missing from their menu.
As for the burger, they also changed how they were made.  My first bite gave me an overwhelming pepper taste.  I soon found out why, as they made the burger meat with finely chopped green pepper.  That's all I could taste.
After these two disappointments, I knocked off two stars, and probably won't be back.  The thrill is gone.They DONT SERVE BLACK PEOLE!!!! 
I was sitting at the bar for more than 30min
Not 1 person offer me a menu or cup of water,(the waiter & the manager saw me sitting there the whole time, then a white couple walk in & greeted them, offered them water & took they order, another couple walked in they did the same thingThe veggie burger had two patties and they expect you to add your own condiments: nothing special. There is your average mustard, a bottle of ketchup, and there may be a packet of mayonnaise, but I'm not entirely sure, so don't quote me on it. A dry bun is a very dull veggie burger, indeed. Maybe it's just me, but I prefer to have a "special" sauce or spread added my burger, but I probably won't be returning here anytime soon. Overall, the food is healthy (if you're into that), and the prices were more than affordable for your average Joe veggie burger. I sure do miss Astro Burger in Los Angeles!A great quality restaurant with excellent service. The shrimp Po Boy and the pulled pork are recommended. Definitely get the French fries as well!Thanks for charging $14 for me to make my own breakfast. The food was sparse and had been out all morning. The presentation of the breakfast was not properly cooled or heated. I ate it and didn't die, but I should have done better with my selection. 
PS they took the self-serve coffee away while we were still eating. Poor service choices.We came to Dress It on a Friday evening, expecting it would be a little busy, given all of the awesome Yelp reviews.
There was only one other table dining when we arrived and, although the sign said "please wait to be seated," nobody came to seat us. After waiting for about 5 mins, we wandered over to the bar where the only visible employee was hanging out. She told us to pick a spot and she would be right there.
Apparently, she was the only person working the front of the house.
Anyhow, we used the little tear-pad sheets to pick out our burgers & toppings. I ordered a side of mac & cheese for my daughter's meal (more than enough for a 3 year old) and figured the fiance & I would share a side of onion rings with our burgers. 
It took about 30 mins to get the food, even though I don't think there weren't any orders ahead of ours. Everything was quite good. Our $4 side of onion rings consisted of only 6 rings, so I would probably advise against sharing a side if you are hungry. 
Our bill took a while to arrive, but it was only $30 + tip for 2 burgers, 2 sides, and 3 drinks, which isn't bad at all.
There are better burgers in the city, but there is something nice about being able to "build your own" burger.Amazing crab cake!  If I lived in NOLA I would be a regular.It's pretty neat how the business is so simply done as far as the menu is concerned. They took forever to bring us our food, 40 minutes to be exact. There was only two other people in the restaurant besides myself. The server said that the cook was new and was still learning. The hostess/server was mild and helpful. I would only go here for brunch. The menu price wasn't too bad. The food looked and tasted pretty good.Nice, roomy, pleasant atmosphere.  It was however FREEZING cold!!
On to the food.  I have to believe that the cook simply got distracted and instead of giving me a burger that was medium, I got a hockey puck on a bun.  Atypical of me, I did not ask for a replacement, so I don't know what their good burgers taste like.
The fries were perfect.
I'll go back -- with a sweater and prepared to be very clear about what I think "medium" is.Went there today because I was looking to get a burger, and it's right down the street from my office.
I appreciate that you can customize your burger, but the burger itself was just all right.
I asked for medium rare, and it was cooked a little closer to medium, but the bacon was pretty solid, and I enjoyed the grilled onions. The bun was good as well.
Being a huge fan of tater tots, I immediately opted for tots, even after my friend warned me that they were just 'fried hard' in his experience. But since I love tots, I wanted to see if that was a one time thing or they just don't know how to fry tater tots......they don't know how to fry tater tots. No taste of potato, they just tasted like crunchy grease balls.
Service was pretty bad in the beginning, but the waiter seemed to have noticed his mistake and made up for it with decent service later on.
Worth going to if you work downtown and I will probably give it another shot, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.Dress it?  Forget it!   The service began and ended with some guy dropping a check list and golf pencils on the table.  The best thing about the service was that the waiter was too busy bragging to the other guest in the restaurant about being on food network once, to come round and ask if everything was ok .  At least it Spared me from either giving an honest critique; My burger is burned, dry, unseasoned, with a single slice of Swiss so thin I could see through it, or lie and say oh yeah sure you betcha it's fine.  No tip for my waiter. But for you all... The tip Skip it, pass it, forget it.I ate here for the first time yesterday. I had a burger, my wife had a grilled chicken. I love the choices and how the menu works. Prices were reasonable and the food was all fresh and well prepared. The service was also very good with the waitress offering us free coffee after we got stuck there waiting for the rain to subside.Want a Burger done "you're way "?  Well you found it at Dress It.  Great for lunch,really good service, try itNever in my wildest dreams could I have imagined the current trend of gourmet burger restaurants, but I will admit to being a fan.
Dress It is one such restaurant that is located in the lobby of the Omni Royal Crescent. While I enjoyed my meal and the restaurant it was not without its oddities.
The first thing that I noticed was the lack of parking. I don't work in he CBD so I was forced to drive and find street parking. I ended up parking in what appeared to be an alley nearby, but the whole time I worried about my car being vandalized. Luckily for me it wasn't, but the parking situation makes it less likely I will become a frequent customer. Of course if you are a hotel guest, or work nearby, you won't have this issue.
Another odd thing was the placement of the restrooms. I realize this is a hotel restaurant, but the bathroom was somewhere across the lobby. Maybe I was given bad directions, but after a few minutes searching, I just returned to my table and held it.
Now for the good. The concept of dress it is neat. There is a sheet of paper with all of your options which you fill out and hand to the server. There were a plethora of different combinations to suit even the most picky eater. 
My burger was pretty good, but slightly undercooked. I ordered medium, but parts of the burger were much closer to rare. I don't mind slightly rare ground beef because I like to live live dangerously, but would have preferred it all cooked to one temperature.
I am sure I will be back, but I doubt it will be my go-to burger joint.I would like to believe that our experience was due to the bad weather making it difficult for their entire staff to be present but one of the people in my party said "no, it's always this slow".  Took more than 20 minutes to get our drinks and place our order.  Took another 20 minutes to get 3 burgers and 2 orders of tots.  Other tables seated after us got served before us.  My burger had the consistency of a frozen patty and despite the brie and roasted peppers, was blah tasting.
Update:
Fuck.  This.  Place.  I have no idea how they stay in business.  Party of 4 seated at 12:10.  Restaurant was not very crowded.  12:45 tell my server that I need mine to go (hadn't gotten it yet) and needed to cash out because I was going to be late for a meeting.  12:55 just got my food, grabbed my own go plate and said "I am going to be late, I need to cash out.  Needless to say, I was late.  Why is it that everytime I give this place a chance, they exceed my previous disappointment.  Why does it take 40 minute to get a burger and fries.  Why did I not decline the lunch invitation.  NEVER AGAIN.This place is located in the Central Business District or CBD of New Orleans and is located on street level at the Omni Royal Crescent hotel. I think it's pretty new because I couldn't find it listed on yellowpages.com.
The site describes this resaurant as: A gourmet burger restaurant offering a variety of fresh and tasty toppings to dress your burger.  Menu also features soups, salads, crab cakes,shrimp and oyster po'boys and more. Open seven days a week.
Restaurant Hours: 
Breakfast 7:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.
Lunch 11:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m.
Dinner 5:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.
My family and I were in town for a business trip. After two days of disappointing referrals from folks to restaurants featuring mediocre food options, we were desperate to find something fresh and delicious, not fried, in a clean setting. We were foraging for breakfast spots today, and after scouring Yelp for hope, we headed off to Commerce restaurant to try their breakfast. We got there too late for breakfast service, and didn't want to try the fried chicken or muffaleta, so I left it to my able husband to find a new place.
Bless his heart, he picked a winner just across the street with Dress It! A new addition to this part of town and part of the Omni Royal Crescent hotel. This place rocked! It was clean, a little chi-chi, but was really good. I had the oyster po'boy with spring greens, red beans and rice and a side of 50/50 fries (half potato, half sweet potato fries and 100% good!). Hubby had crab cake sandwich and kids had all beef hot dog with the grits and corn side- also very tasty.
If you're looking for a nice lunch option in a clean space, and I do mean clean and air conditioned, check out this place. Until we hit Dress It!, deciding where to eat had become a stressful task in this city of supposedly awesome food. I'd like to write more about how their menu works with the check off options but have to run out to get dinner for tonight...Yokohama Japanese. Will let you know how it goes.
One note: be careful with your add-ons at Dress It!. They can add up quickly. Lunch for the three of us, including lemonade, iced tea, sandwiches and sides rang up to $54 with tip. Kinda pricey for lunch, but so worth it after too many funky, greasy and tasteless meals here. Restaurant seems to cater to business folks, which I guess is why they didn't have anything for kids to do like color or anything, hence the vote for not being good for kids.When my coworkers described a custom burger joint, this wasn't what I pictured.  It's inside a hotel in the CBD with table service.  Your menu is a quarter-sheet of paper and you completely customize your burger down to the type of bun.  Veggie options are available.  Everything is a la carte but I recommend going in for a half-and-half of fries and sweet potato fries. Mondays they have chicken wraps that are pretty popular, too.
Prices are in line with expectations for downtown, service is a little slow but if you've got a whole hour, it's a solid choice.Disappointing.
I came here with a group of 17 people for a lunch event. We had all pre-ordered ahead of time in the morning so the food would be ready when we arrived. When we got there they had our table set up and we were seated. Our drink orders were taken, but it took at least 20 minutes for our drinks to come out, including water. (There were no other customers even there!)
Our food slowly came out in batches of 2 orders at a time about 45 minutes after our arrival. (!!) The majority of our orders were incorrect or missing items. Most of the burgers still had pink in them, when they were supposed to be cooked medium well. One co-worker's burger was so pink, she couldn't even eat it.
The consensus was that the Tater Tots were the only decent thing. Most said the Fries were lousy. I will note that the salad and Gumbo both actually looked really good, but my co-worker who ordered it was just about the last to receive her food, well over an hour after we arrived. So, she really had no time to eat her meal. Very frustrating.
Skip this place.This review is just for the Bar. The drinks were nice and strong and worth the prices per drink. The bar tender was a really nice older woman. this is a nice quiet bar where you dont have to deal with all the rowdyness of Bourbon st.I've been to Dress It about five or six times over the past year. The burgers are a good value for the price -- way better than Fuddrucker's or anything you can find in the CBD -- but the service is pretty weak, and makes it difficult if you're trying to get in and out for lunch. Considering Dress It's popularity with the urban pro's in the immediate area, the 12-1 crowd should really receive a better wait staff. 
I feel like every time I go, the burger comes out relatively quickly (thanks kitchen staff), but I end up waiting anxiously for my bill for 15-20 minutes. Not chill. 
Anytime I wanna go for lunch, the main reason I opt not to is the service :-/We stayed at the Omni and got breakfast buffet each morning and really enjoyed the variety they had. The food was good and the service was excellent! Jenny our waitress was awesome and sweet!
Blows the heck outta the typical hotel breakfasts.
We got a package thru Omni which gave us free breakfast each morning and normally the buffet is $15 per person. 
Well worth it doing package deals thru Omni!!I was trying out breakfast places in the New Orleans CBD and tried this spot one morning.  They have a breakfast buffet that costs about 12.00.  Although the food was good it wasn't great.  The grits were runny and you know what that means for the rest of the food on your plate.  The sausage was good, but the biscuits were just OK.  Of course the quality of the food found on a buffet is harder to control. Another issue was the placement of the food.  It was located on a cart and you had to bend down to access some of the items.  Just wasn't convenient.  Not sure if I would try again for breakfast, but based on other reviews may want to try it for lunch.We went for dinner last night and all 3 of us loved it! You get to create your own burger - pick burger (they had beef, turkey, and Vegi! etc), cheese, toppings, bun and side. Delicious HUGE vegi burger, we got 2 patties! A ton of food for about $10 each. And we had great service. Pleasantly surprised, especially considering the restaurant is located in a hotel.Limited menu with only 6 items to choose from. Service was slow, even with us being the only party at the time. Food wasn't disgusting... But not great either.The set up is just like phil's.  You build your burger on a paper. 
I got a chicken sandwich and the breast was so small it didnt cover the bun (and it was a small bun).  
The staff is rude.  Service was slow and the place was empty.  I read the reviews and hoped the food was decent atleast but it was average at best considering the price.  
Much better options around.Dress it is a great spot for the drinks the are great but not a very big selection on the menu. I really like the build your own sandwich menu the freedom to explore and try new things be creative but I really enjoyed my experience hereWent in and ordered the sausage sandwich and I got a half-a-sausage sandwich. When I told him I wasn't expecting to get half, he just said I'm feeling it and walked away.
I'm sure he is feeling that half-a-tip I gave him.I love to try new burger places. You'll read many reviews below about how you build a custom burger to your taste, etc. Yes, the restaurant is nice and the service is good because, well, you write down your own order. Is their hamburger anything to shout about? Not in my opinion. There was nothing wrong with the burger, I will just never crave it.Nope. 
Don't do it. There is too much good food in NOLA to eat this. It's a step up from fast food. And while the prices are nice and cheap, especially for the area, you get what you pay for. 
We sampled many of the sides here - red beans and rice, cheesy grits, tots, mac and cheese... and none were impressive at all. The only thing impressive was the size and price. The beans were basic and a decent number of the grains of rice were undercooked, which is hard on the teeth. The sausage atop the rice is okay. The cheesy grits are indulgent, and swimming in grease. But I do have to say, I have an affinity for indulgent, cheesy grits. No nuance though. 
The mac n cheese was almost more of a burnt mac, with a thick slab of melted then hardened cheese on top. Again, indulgent if you like cheese. And the tots? Decent. 
Drinks here during HHour are 2-for-one (on wells). So there's that. 
Meh. I've experienced better totally sums it up. In a town full of great food, you can do better. In an airport, this would be passable. 
At least the service is friendly.I dined here for lunch on a Thursday afternoon and left somewhat disappointed. Poor service and ok food with poor preparation skills. The way the restaurant works is not clear upon arrival. There is no hostess stand nor indication that you are to seat yourself. They have specials on a board, which I did not even notice until I left. The board is not prominently displayed. At each table, there is a pad of paper where you customize the type of sandwich and sides that you want. Again, I had no idea how this worked upon arrival, but kind of figured it out after poking around. There was no wait staff to inform you either. The first table I sat at did not have place settings, so I moved to a different table. I waited forever for a server to come to my table. I then waited about ten minutes for a glass of water. I ordered gumbo and a turkey burger. The gumbo came out after about ten more minutes. It tasted good until I crunched down into big hard thing. Still not sure what is was, maybe a fish bone? I proceeded to chew on bits of shrimp shells that were not cleaned properly. The burger came out shortly later. It was properly cooked, but the meat needed more seasoning. The kitchen here does not seem to be very speedy nor very good at food preparation. The price was reasonable, but I will not be returning.This small restaurant is part of the Omni Royal Crescent Hotel. It's called Dress It because the primary food is hamburgers and you can "dress" your burger to order. I had just gotten off an airplane and didn't feel like venturing out, so I stopped in. The restaurant itself wasn't busy for dinner (breakfast and lunch are more popular), but the small bar was crowded and everyone seemed to be having fun. Instead of ordering a burger, I opted for a daily special: side salad and seafood gumbo and rice for only $10, made especially for me by Walter . It was a great meal for $10. After dinner I ventured over to the bar where all of the fun was and ended up having the BEST Bloody Mary of my life made by Ren, who serves as bartender/server/room service when on duty. I will be back to Dress It, if only for more outstanding Bloody Marys.Went here since it was right accords the street from our hotel. We got hurricanes during happy hour that were great! The food was so good, we couldn't help but eat every single bit! I got fries as my side and my friend got the macaroni and cheese and both were delicious! The service was also good! Safe so say we were glad the hotel was a short walk away since we were so full!I come here every so often for lunch (I work a block away), and am usually satisfied with my meal.  I generally just get a burger, but the veggie burger here is surprisingly good.  I almost always get peanut butter on my burger as well.  I get knocked around for that, but I think it's delicious.  I generally also get the red peppers, greens, and grilled onions.  
As a side, the sweet potato fries are fantastic.  They cook 'em right.The service is EXCELLENT. The grilled chicken sandwich is the best grilled chicken hands down. The burger is good too. They have a happy hour $2 beer. You can't beat that!The Hurricane & Margaritas are soooooo good! The food is delicious as well!!! Location is good across from the La Quinta on Camp. Very convenient!Great food, excellence service, will definitely return soon.I don't know what it is about using a check off menu to order your burger but it makes it really exciting.  Oh AND they don't have just beef burgers, I went with their vegetarian burger.  I don't know if they make the patty there but it obviously wasn't just a garden burger - though it looked like it.  After biting into it (actually, they pile two on the bun) you can see it's mostly made out of what looks to be rice.  It also holds it's shape whereas some of these home made veggie burgers will turn into what seems like mashed potatoes on a bun - not that there's anything wrong with mashed potatoes on a bun.  
I asked the waitress if I should go for the fries or the mac and cheese.  She told me the mac and cheese but I couldn't help but still go with the fries.  I know, I'm apparently one of THOSE people.  They were big and crunchy but needed some salt.  What is it about fries that come out in those stand up cone like holders that make them taste better?  I don't know, I love it.  
Our server was really friendly and now that I know their mac and cheese is supposed to be good then obviously I have to come back to make sure she's right.  
The hours aren't posted on here but I know they closed at 9pm on Fridays.Stopped by for lunch while doing some running around town. We usually research more for our meals out, but this place was convenient.
Their thing is a build-your-own sandwich or burger. There are some daily specials, as well.
I ordered a build your own burger with a side of onion rings. My husband ordered one of the daily specials: grilled shrimp & oysters with fries (hold the oysters).
The burger was cooked just as requested, but I wasn't to fond of the onion ring batter. My husband seemed to really enjoy his dish.This is a restaurant attached to the Omni Hotel in Central Business District, very near to the French Quarter.  Overall a decent enough diner, but nothing all that amazing.  I have had some great omelettes there, and a decent burger, however the chicken sandwich is meh at best.  The fries this visit were not all that crisp or hot.  Overall, it was better than pizza delivery but in a city of insanely good cuisine, this is not really worth wasting a meal on.The concept seems ok, but the food is just OK... the drink selection seems to be hurting as well. The place feels like it's not completely put together yet, like their still trying to figure it out. I did enjoy my pulled pork but the slaw wasn't great and the mac n cheese was so-so. Onion rings are good though, but eat them right out the frier.