Very convenient to the ferry. Bartender was friendly. Had the Gluten Free Catfish; they ran out of hush puppies so subbed sweet potato tots which were good (probably Alexia). Catfish was good, not at all greasy. My husband had the burger & fries and had no complaints.Not sure why I keep going back, I guess wishful thinking that the food would improve? last night i ordered a shrimp Poboy and the shrimp tasted as though they were fried a second time? i mean how can you screw up fried shrimp in NOLA, and the french bread had to have been microwaved, soft and warm at first then so tough I could barely bite through it! I like the place ite historical, wish they would get a cook...how hard could that be in the city of New Orleans?
Vine and Dine for me next time!I rode the ferry over across to Algiers Point based on the recommendation of one of the proprietors of the B&B I was staying in (Hugh of Banana Courtyard - see one of my other reviews for more information). The suggestion, for those interested in one of the nicer sights New Orleans has to offer, is to take the ferry across the river just before sundown and watch the sun set behind the city before grabbing dinner just a few feet away at the Dry Dock Cafe. Hugh was spot on in every respect.
You can opt to sit outside, but if you're concerned about the bugs getting the better of you the seating inside can be just as relaxed. The drinks were tasty, even if they didn't seem all that strong. Try the "Sex on the Levee" if you're in the mood for something a little sweet.
Honestly, the best part of the experience here was the food: tasty and plentiful. My friends were pleased with their po'boys (try the half and half and mix two types of seafood), but I absolutely fell in love with the muffaletta. Not only was it delicious - it was *enormous.* A gigantic sandwich with made-in-house olive salad cut into four pieces so thick they have to be held with toothpicks PLUS a rather large helping of fries. It was arguably the best $10 I spent in New Orleans. 
Even if you weren't planning on making the trip over to Algiers Point, the Dry Dock Cafe is well worth the trip. If you want to make it an even better evening, though, follow Hugh's advice and get over there in time to watch the sunset.Good enough that it merits mention a year after I discovered it.
The Dry Dock, far as I can tell, is about the only eatery of note in Algiers, a free ferry ride across the Mississippi from New Orleans proper. It is a dive ... a lovable dive.
We went there for lunch, and it was apparent that much of the rest of the clientele were regulars. But that doesn't mean that we weren't treated kindly by the bartender. The regs, in fact, provide a nice piece of Cajun down-home flavor to the Dry Dock.
My wife had a muffaletta, and said it was delicious. I had a shrimp po'boy, and I assure you mine was delicious. For a smallish bar, very, very good food.We decided to take the ferry over from the French Quarter. We walked around this very cool community and stumbled upon the Dry Dock. Rustic when entering, and very nice wait staff. She was very attentive and prompt. Our food was really good. The special was Shrimp Creole and it was very flavorful. The Shrimp Po-boy was good too.We had problems from the moment we walked in. I ordered a beer and it took nearly 20 minutes and it wasn't even the beer I ordered. This was not necessarily the bar staff's fault - as the keg appeared to be tricky - but we still felt a little ignored  throughout the whole process. When we decided to find a place to sit and eat, it was a bit of a fend-for-yourself process. The "server" was too busy rolling silverware into napkins to acknowledge us and after 10 minutes, I had to go and ask for menus (which were shoved in my direction). When we finally ordered - I had the Crawfish Maureenica and my boyfriend had the Shrimp Scampi - we proceeded to wait 30 minutes only to be informed my boyfriend's order was never given to the kitchen. The server claimed printer problems, but the kitchen is less than 10 feet away. She apologized and offered us free beers while we waited. Another 15 minutes goes by and the food finally arrives, brought to us by the owner. She was apologetic and kind. 
My dish was nice, though, creamy and a little spicy. Decadent, but not bad. The scampi, however, was awful. A few of the shrimp were not cooked well and never de-veined (discovered after they were in his mouth already) and the sauce was non-existent. I asked for more sauce for him, and the owner brought it after a few minutes. However, I think she could tell all as not well (my boyfriend doesn't complain in restaurants, but it was obvious he wasn't enjoying his dish) and told us the whole meal was on her. I said she didn't have to do that, but she insisted. She said the whole debacle was embarrassing for her and wanted to do right by us. That was very sweet of her. 
Listen, I can usually tell when restaurant failings are the fault of the kitchen or the front of house. This was clearly a combination of the two and was disappointing. The owner was very kind to us, and I really appreciate that, and I hope her staff can take a lesson from all this.This is a great place to go when you want to see more of Real New Orleans and less of the touristy French Quarter. We discovered it one sweltering afternoon coming off the ferry and needing to get out of the heat. We went back 2 years later to see if it was as good as we'd remembered. It was. Waitstaff is pleasant, always a few regulars in there. Algiers is worth a walk around, they have fliers by the front door that have a walking tour of the Old Algiers area.Stopped by for lunch. The catfish and hushpuppies were good. There were a lot of flys. The bathroom was clean. Takes credit cards if your order is over $10.So, when Carl from the Ha Ra tells you to do something you damn well better listen! Well, at least if you want to be allowed back in his bar in the future. Whether he wants you to believe it or not the man is sharp and he remembers things. 
Things like where his favorite muffaletta sandwich came from the 10 years he spent living in New Orleans. It came from the Dry Dock Cafe, and I can say it is well worth the 5 minute ferry ride across the Mississippi. It might even be well worth going to Algiers Point, despite the residents who turned their back on their fellow citizens when Katrina hit..... but that is a different story, one of politics, not food and certainly not of this restaurant. 
As far as food goes this little unassuming and slightly worn bar with its tacky Mardi Gras decorations and a casual restaurant hiding in the back will not disappoint. Though I would, first and foremost, recommend listening to Carl and ordering the sandwich, you will not be disappointed in the other simple Southern menu items either.So excited for the gluten free options at this little corner bar. I had the catfish and hush puppies and they we excellent! My husband had the catfish po boy and I have no idea how he finished it, it was gigantic. Prices are good, company is good and service is excellent. Highly recommend for lunch!Just noticed that mysteriously, my old review for this place somehow got deleted. Not hidden, just gone. So here it is again:
I used to send tourists here for years when I ran a shop in the Quarter. Last year, when I came back to NOLA, I took my girly to eat here since I loved it so much.
Seems since I moved, there was a change-up in the ownership or cooking staff and the old BBQ Shrimp recipe had changed. The waitress said they would not be bringing the old one back. It's a shame really. It was wonderful. The new BBQ Shrimp is mostly like salted shrimp in salt sauce. Really not close to the old standards. And with a Glass of Guinness at 8 bucks now, it's just not the place it used to be. 
Really saddened by the changes though the remaining staff is still friendly and the location is great. It doesn't make up for the lower quality of the food or the higher prices.Awesome find. We were here for Independence Day and they were the only restaurant open in the area (we wanted to avoid the French Quarter but still see the fireworks). They offered a limited menu and paper plates, but their service was spot on!  Great food. Good service!This was the most entertaining dining experience I had in NOLA.  The bartender was very friendly and amusing and the clientele was very funny. How? Eh, just take my word for it. I was there a couple hangovers ago, so my memory isn't exactly perfect in regards to Dry Dock.  I'll just say this much: the place has a very local vibe to it.  Other highlights include:
1. The alligator sausage. Quite tasty, highly recommend getting for a snack or appetizer. 
2. Getting a free beer sample.  The bartender thought I might not like a certain beer and she turned out to be right. Saved me from paying to experiment. 
3. That same bartender hooked me up with a free beer after forgetting to put in my order for my po'boy. 
Overall a GREAT place to just chill while having a drink or two and having some decent food. I wouldn't say the food is amazing, but it certainly isn't bad and the prices are great.I came with a group of 16. There were problems immediately. The waitress was unhappy about our large table and was pretty obvious about. The first thing she did was slam menus on the table. Instead of filling our drinks she just randomly brought pitchers of tea and water out and sat them in the middle of the table without saying anything. A lot of food came out wrong, and some people had to wait 20 minutes longer than the rest of us for their food. She was probably the worst waitress I've ever had. I was 3 bloody Mary's in by the time we were paying so I had already forgiven her. Until I tried to hand her the tip and she said "um ok, just set it down" and rolled her eyes at me. The food was okay. Not worth dealing with the horrible service.All you need to try is the bbq shrimp appetizer.  It's delicious! And huge.  I didn't need to order a meal after this and am kind of sorry that I did.  The service was a bit spotty, but I'd probably return.Good food , great staff, they get a bit overwhelmed at times, but they do their best, good stuff and good location.. it's a great place to get a po' boy for lunchThe food was marginal at best. The place is pretty dirty and the service was non-existent. Well, except the fact that our "waiter" did come outside to smoke next to us. We asked him to move and he responded, "But the ashtray is here." Funny. 
When I didn't leave a tip, the guy went off on us, yelling all sorts of things. We were shocked to say the least.
We were actually house hunting in the area. We thought, if this character is any indication of the caliber of people here, we'll pass on the whole town.My husband and I ended up here after we took the ferry to Algiers just to see what we could find.  This was the first restaurant we ran across so we decided to try it.  It had a very homey feel and the ladies working were friendly and attentive but not overbearing.  The food was fresh and very good.  I was impressed by the fries, they were quite obviously homemade and delicious.  We actually ended up coming back the next day because we liked it so much.  It was a great surprise and we will definitely return on our next trip.I'm only giving 2 stars because our server was cool. 
We're frequent "tourists" to Nola and got a place down the street so we figured we would try something close rather than driving across the bridge.. So we walk in and we're seating promptly. We ordered a few appetizers, one being the Shrimp Bisque and upon taking one single bite it was incredibly salty! (Our whole table tried it and agreed) We sent it back and our server was very understanding and brought something else right away. We order our food, One plate being the Crawfish Maureenica and AGAIN super salty, even with trying to scrape some sauce off, it was unenjoyable. At that point we were scared to send that back (we have a lot of friends in the industry) we did end up letting our server know when it was time to pay and again he was kind about it. Even though I am not from here I hope this changes. It's one of the only restaurants on this side of town.I am not rating the food because of a short ferry schedule, but their menu has good prices and variety. Had a Sex on the Levee per the bartender suggestion. It was very fruity and tasty. BEST prices I've found in NOLA so far. Or Algeirs. Whatever.... I can see the city from here.The convenience of being near the ferry is great. Food was fine but not outstanding but I will come here again when back in town if time allows.Took the Aligiers ferry to get here.  Went with a group that is probably bigger than they're used to.   Service was wildly uneven.  Food was OK!  Bread pudding was very good.  Basically cheap.  Unless you happen to be RIGHT THERE, not worth going to.My family and I were returning from a day at French Quarter Fest.  We were hungry and the Dry Dock Cafe was on our walk to the car.  
The place isn't much to look at from the outside, but the reviews were pretty good, so we stopped in.
We enjoyed the food and the service was pretty good too.
The shrimp boy boy was delcious.  The red beans and rice with sausage is tasty and a good deal.  The catfish was crisp and fresh too.
Is it the best food in New Orleans?  No, but is it really good and not too expensive.
Service was fast and friendly.   We would return when in the area.Not bad but nothing spectacular. The ladies were very nice and the service was pretty good.  
The burger was okay but nothing to Yelp about. I would have prefered sitting on the porch with a Frosty Adult Beverage however the Office Space Police frown upon beer breath at noon....
I would eat here again but wouldn't go out of my way to get there. 
So until next time....I usually rate places by how clean their bathrooms are and the friendliness of their bartenders. The bartenders/servers were nice and personable. I had the manager or owner sitting next to me and she was a bit "out there" but nothing I couldn't overlook. The bathroom on the other hand was disgusting. Toilet was nasty,walls were dusty and dirty,there was some corner stand there that was filthy-had no clue why it was there or the purpose of it was. The liner in the trash can was half on and it smelled like pee in there. (Girls usually don't miss to cause this smell) 
We ordered the BLT-skip it. It was lacking in imagination and taste. The BBQ shrimp was good though.I typically only end up here when I decide to take out of town friends on an adventure on the Algier's Ferry and this usually ends up being our first stop where we grab some food and drinks as it is the closest bar to the ferry.  From here we usually continue to the Crown & Anchor and Old Point Bar.  This is a good sized space and they usually have a decent selection of food with some of it being pretty good but most of it is just "ok" for the most part.  I've rarely seen it crowded but it does seem to draw a fairly steady stream of tourists who decide to go on the Algier's ferry adventure as well.Terrible service. Waitress was rude from the start. Restaurant refuses to serve side salad with menu items, even when asked if she could just up charge for it. Then they ask if we want separate checks when there are signs around the place saying no separate checks. Shame that a place so close to home sucks. Won't go back.Apparently the Seafood Zone is not open on Sunday. I thought I'd like to take my lunch date to some place we hadn't tried together. I chose the Dry Dock Cafe. He didn't have a whole bunch of time so we decided to get it to go instead.  Well, imagine my surprise when two sandwiches took nearly 45 minutes.
We felt largely ignored from the start. I wasn't sure if it was because we weren't ordering drinks or what.  It didn't take long to figure out it was because my lunch date was black.  It was like we weren't even in the room.  Finally, I decided to let the bartender know that we were ready when she was.  What I meant was I am ready NOW and have been for about 20 minutes. I didn't want to seem rude but she was too busy talking about what's grosser than gross while I am trying to get lunch.  If I had just eaten, she might have needed to clean up her bar from me losing my lunch. 
It appears as though the crowd that goes there is largely a local, regular crowd.  I can't imagine someone "cracking" jokes like, what's grosser than gross with an on occasion diner or tourist.
So, while we sat there being pretty much ignored. I thought, hmmm she apparently doesn't like my choice in company so why I don't I "put on a show" for her she really won't like. I didn't go to the get a room extreme but I made it known we were together as more than friends.
Needless to say, it's unlikely I'll be inclined to go here again based on the service I got.  If the food had been amazing, I'd consider it.  However, the fries were limp and cold by the time the food came. I tried one before we left so it's not like they were sitting while I traveled back to my destination.  The sandwich was okay.  I've had way better at the Seafood Zone off General DeGaulle and Dockside Seafood in Harrahan.
So there you have it... There isn't a lot to choose from in Algiers Point.  It's unfortunate. A great place could give this place a run for their money.Beer from tap wasn't very good, tasted old. Had the shrimp app. Which was very nice. Definitely overpriced. Bartender was nice.You know, the Dry Dock is a local institution in Algiers Point.  What's not to like?  The food is actually really good.  Maybe not the chili-cheese-dog special during games, but the gumbo, red beans & rice, seafood platters, etc are awesome.  Additionally, this place has character and is the watering hole for the locals.  Not really a dive bar, but then it kind of is.  Be prepared for servers that forget your order, frequently get it wrong, and occasionally eat stuff off of your plate.  The service is just unique, like NOLA.  If you're expecting 5-star service, go to Brennans.  Otherwise, kick back and enjoy watching the world go by at the Dry Dock.  Also, if you see a man outside the Dry Dock with a duck in a home depot bucket, you should keep walking.  ...unless you want to spend the next hour being talked to about ducks & conspracy theories.This was a really great place! Compared to New Orleans the prices were fare. We had shrimp gumbo, mufaletta and bread pudding. All were great!The BBQ shrimp and the steamed shrimp were very nicely done and spicy good. (Heads on). The Cajun Beef Po' Boy was good, although not spicy (and sloppy). Good fries. Draft beer. Good Service. Nice place to visit. (prices look reasonable, did not pay) Wife said red beans and rice was very good. Right off the Ferry.Me and my best friend were staying in the area during our trip and it was just so. hard. to find a place in the area. Maybe our idea of 'neighborhood' was all screwed due to our privilege of being New Yorkers. We ended up totally getting lost in this area, with a ferry that never came... before we gave up and called a taxi, we saw this little spot. It was Sunday though so it was closed.
The next day we got up to make it for brunch/lunch time before we headed over to the French Quarter, and man their food was really good. I forgot what my friend ended up having but I had gotten a catfish po'boy which was probably the best I had on the trip so far-- it came with fries on the side and probably a drink? If the drink wasn't included then it was really inexpensive that I don't remember paying for it haha
The hospitality is definitely there in that little spot. Our waitress was an older woman and she was VERY sweet, making sure to check up on us every so often to make sure we were okay. The decor is nice, with some funny pictures and old ads and things like that, the place is nice and spacey so everyone kind of had their own area to chill and relax in. They also have a decent bar area.
If we end up staying in Algier's Point again when we visit next year, this place will definitely to be on our to-go list before we go anywhere! Definitely check them out if you happen to be staying in the area.Casual and yummy! The Muffaletta is great and washed it down it the local cocktail a Sex on the Levee. I recommend this place to get away from the French Quarter crowd.Great po'boy sandwich but the Sam's gumbo is AMAZING! Best gumbo ever. Great service, I called to make a reservation (they don't take reservations) and they asked how many in our party and when we were coming. We walked in and they had set a table for us in advance. Very friendly service. Thank you!Nice little place right off the ferry... Catfish was good and environment was relaxing ... Nice place to get away NOLA noiseThis place and a wine bistro next door are the only places to eat in the area.  I ended up going to Dry Dock 2 nights in a row because I was there for the marathon and needed pasta/carbs, and the wine place basically only has wine, cheese, and pizza.  I guess pizza has carbs though, right?
First night I got the shrimp scampi and a couple beers.  Nice big serving of pasta and 5 or 6 big shrimp.  Tasted pretty good but was too heavy on the butter in my opinion...when I got to the bottom of the dish, there was a pool of butter.  Also, the bread was buttered with that liquid butter stuff...not really appetizing.  Oh, and a glass of Stella (maybe 12 oz) was 8 bucks...don't understand that.
Second night I got a cup of gumbo and the vegetarian pasta.  When they say cup, they mean small cup.  It was OK I guess.  A couple small pieces of sausage was all that was noticeable in the soup, plus a small chunk of crab shell with the legs.  No crab meat in it but I guess the shell was there for effect.  The pasta was a good size portion again with a lot of fresh veggies (mushrooms, broccoli, carrots, cauliflower) sauteed in white wine and...that liquid butter again.  Way, way, way too much butter. I had to hold each bite up and let it drain before eating it.  Maybe I just don't like butter (nah, I LOVE butter).  And I ordered extra bread (carbs!) but forgot about the butter so, 4 nice chunks of bread...soaked in liquid butter.
Service was not that great, to be honest.  They weren't particularly busy either night, but it took a long time to do anything, even though there were quite a few staff members going in and out of the bar/kitchen area.  Nobody ever asked how my meal was and, by the time I finally got my check, I was just ready to get out of there.  The atmosphere was OK, juke box playing and what appear to be regular customers taking up most of the staff's attention.
Not a bad place, but if I'm ever staying in Algiers Point again and go to the Dry Dock, I'll just get a burger.Good place to sit and have a few drinks before taking a ride on the Algiers Ferry to the French Quarter. It's not the best food but its better than average. Considering the relatively low prices and the location its a real gem.I used to love this place but is has gone WAY downhill.  I've eaten there twice in the past year and both times it's been the same results, a joke. Burned burger served on stale bread. Got charged $1.50 extra for five small onion rings that nearly broke my teeth when I bit into them. Other orders at the table were just as disappointing. The only reason this place gets any stars at all is because serve they search beer.We loved it here. Everyone was very friendly and the food was delicious. We had fried catfish for an appetizer and then hamburgers with cajun fries. It was all fantastic and very very reasonably priced. There is no doubt when we return we will spend another afternoon here.There is no restaurant that I loved Pre-K that has fallen as far in my respect than Dry Dock. 
They have decided to ignore the locals and focus on tourists...and since they lost the real chef there, it's just not worth it..Besides...what local pub charges 8 bucks for a Guiness? Stupid and sad. Remember that your locals will keep you going if you treat us right. And change back the BBQ shrimp, damn ya!I recently had lunch here and was impressed. The service was super friendly, they seem to have a lot of regulars, which is a good sign. They dont have a lunch menu and were a bit busy so the food wasn't as fast as a restaurant that caters to lunch crowds, if that makes sense. The restaurant is a bit tricky to find if you're not arriving by ferry though, just pay close attentions to the signs. 
The soup (gumbo and shrimp bisque) was unimpressive to be honest, I would def try a different starter. I saw alot of people ordering the bbq shrimp. However the spinach salad was phenomenal. Generous portions and all the vegetables were SUPER fresh. The red onions especially (aka bring mints), I was impressed! I added the fried shrimp on top, which was good, but I'd prob just stick to the salad next time! The salad dressing has fresh bacon bits in it, so if you dont dine on swine, I'd ask for another dressing, which they were super wiling to accommodate! 
Again, I was at lunch during my work day so I didnt get to enjoy their specialty or happy hour drinks, which I will be sure to next time, they seemed really popular at the surrounding tables.I love this place!!!
It is seriously one of my favorite restaurants in the area. The service is great, all the staff treat you like a friend when you come in!
The food is excellent! They have three or four specials everyday, and the regular menu has some great food also!
The poboys, the soup and gumbo, and the BBQ shrimp is really the best I ever had!
They also have a ton of beer on draft and in bottles and any drink you want.Right as you get off the ferry. Had boiled and barbecue shrimp - both very good and have a bite.  The gumbo was very good and would recommend to anyone. The oyster po' boy is one of the best I have had - simply made with freshly shucked oysters.Great food and hit the spot. Soup and sandwiches are very filling.  Don't go there in a rush. Enjoy the setting.Right when you get off the fairy in Algiers Point is the Dry Dock cafe.  They have a good happy hour half off. The crowd is usually a little older but the service is great. When they have parties everyone is having tons of fun and dancing. The food is really good especially for the price. You might actually wanna split some of the dishes cause they are just to big for one person. The seafood platter is made to split I think.So where does a tourist staying in Algiers go for dinner on a wet miserable Mardi Gras night when you've come home across the river for the night? The Dry Dock is the only game in town.
It's a fun, lively place, obviously a neighborhood hangout where everybody knows each other. The drag on the rating was the food and service, even though I'll make allowance for the fact it was Mardi Gras. The waitress was rather curt most of the time, although she did soften a little once to say it had been a very long day, and it appeared she was working the whole restaurant. Another woman, maybe a manager, came by a few times and was more gracious.
The shrimp po' boy is not on my list of great ones-the shrimp weren't crisp, and there weren't a whole lot of them there. My friend's roast beef looked much better-more meat and plenty of gravy, and she said it was good. The fries were pre-made, but perfectly acceptable. The high point of the evening was the King Cake shots, obviously made with Rum Chata, and completely delicious! That, and a Quentin Tarentino siting-he was sitting right behind us.Take the free ferry to Algiers and get a taste of reality!  This great locals' bar and restaurant is the kind of place you can spend all day in.Hands-down, my favorite Algiers Point neighborhood bar and restaurant.  Laid-back ambiance, great local bar tenders, and solid cooks.
They offer a full bar and a wide beer menu, but don't expect any fancy fru-fru drinks with a paper umbrella; you're on the wrong side of the river for that, Darling.  
Food is hearty, satisfying, and really well prepared.  There are a couple tables outside, providing a view of the Algiers ferry and bus terminal.  I prefer inside because that's where the local action happens.First and foremost the need to hire more service. What service we did have was great but pretty much two people worked the whole place. I had the BBQ shrimp
Po boy. It was mediocre at best. The crawfish pasta was good as well as the burger. Probably wouldn't venture out very far from this place. Area looked a little sketchy.Do yourself a favor and take the ferry across to Algiers to this great spot. Friendly service, hometown feel and FABULOUS sandwiches. WONDERFUL!Stopped in for a late lunch to get out of the heat. Best value food that we have had for the money during our week in New Orleans. Service was quick and friendly. Well worth the ferry ride.Best etuffee on the river.  Great atmosphere, local river workers in for lunch. When asked what was good, waitress said "people like the hell out of the etuffee.  'Nuff said.I was really tired and drunk by the time we got here, but the Ferry ride over was nice and kind of sobered me up a bit. I didn't get seafood, though, but I did get an awesome steak.  The waitstaff was quick, friendly, and the place is nice and easygoing. I'd like to go back and try the seafood the next time I am in town.This place has the worst gumbo in the world. The roux was nothing but some sort of brown gravy gone wrong. The sausage was every bit of a cheap commercial brand. The part that really puzzled me was the fact that it took the food (gumbo and shrimp bisque) a long time to come, yet it was barely luke warm. 
My boyfriend loved the shrimp bisque. I tried it and didn't care for that either. Then, just when you think nothing else could go wrong the Coke wasn't even good. One word for this place...FAIL!Amazing catfish fingers and nice cold beer in Gloucester Mass salty sea dog bar with friendly staff and awesome view!!!  Will def come again!!!The place has a really nice atmosphere, the service is really good everyone is nice and kind. The chef came personally to give us the plates. There is a little smell -which is not bad, just a different smell- but once you are in you totally get use to it.AS a local resident of Algiers Point I have patronized "The Dry Dock Cafe & Bar' since 1995. Up until the recent change in ownership the Dry dock had always been a friendly neighborhood bar, a bar that was with in easy walking distance to home.
The food was good, dinner specials(Prime rib night) and everyone knew your name.
Since the sale to the new owners the place is in need of that guy from "Bar Risque!"
The food sucks!, The service( If you can get any.) sucks! Since they lost the chief the only guy who really knew how to cook the place is not the same. The Dry Dock is slowly loosing the locals customers, It's mostly tourist who keep the place alive. If the ferry boat stops say good buy to the dry dock. At this rate I'll give the new owners another 2 years in business. Good luck! I know i won't be back...I've been here numerous times.  The food is always okay.  It's not great but okay.  The service here however is awful.  My wife and I took my in laws here recently and were treated as if we were imposing.  It was really odd.  The owner ended up taking over our table.  It wasn't even busy.  Last time we go here.Service was terrible.  Took 30 minutes to get two bowls of soup, shrimp bisque which was nothing to brag about.Very good food. I tried the Algiers Chicken which was fried chicken with crawfish cream sauce and it came with veggies and wild rice. It was a very creative dish and I'm  looking forward to trying some of their other specials.First bust of our trip. Waited to get served or even recognized for over 15 mins. Finally just went to bar to order. Halfway through waiting for our food (a good 30 more mins) our waitress said hi and we never saw her again. Shrimp tasted store bought and there was nothing cajun about our fries. A place that is very clear about not liking anyone that isn't a regular. Many people served and given food before we even got that only hello. Don't know how they keep regulars with this serviceWe ate here twice during our short stay in Algiers Point.  A good friend of mine owns a house in the neighborhood and she loves it.  I'm calling it A-OK.
The location is convenient if you live in, or are visiting Algiers Point.  Especially if you are using the ferry, which is directly across the street.  The staff is friendly and the service is relatively quick.  Check the daily specials board for options that aren't included in the regular menu. 
We tried a variety of menu items and nothing was bad, but nothing was outstanding either.  On our first visit I ordered alligator sausage to share and a Cesar salad.  I asked if they could add steak to the salad (they had steak and eggs as a special that day) and they were able to accommodate, which was nice of them.  Both were okay.  I should have requested to add the bronzed shrimp to my salad.  My friend ordered some, and they were good.  On our second visit I ordered a burger with all the options (cheese, bacon, mushrooms, and grilled onions) and it was pretty decent.
Tip: If you come here to watch a Saints game, the bar gives out free shots when the team scores.  :)The Dry Dock is an old bar and grill located in historic Algiers Point. The food is good. They serve a standard menu ( apps, salads, soups, po boy, burgers) and also have daily specials that typically include a steak and/or seafood. The food is a step above typicaly bar food. It is a locals hangout and you will always see a familiar face if you frequent this establishment. The Dry Dock serves as a place to watch a game and grab a few drinks, grab a drink before catching the ferry, or simply a place to sit down and eat dinner. I enjoy the laid back atmosphere and the friendliness of the patrons. This place is nothing to look at on the inside, but that is part of it's old charm.I live in Algiers Point and this Cafe is a go to when I don't want to cook myself or if I want a cold beer and to see the game.  Located right off the ferry and around the corner from a Pub it's a great way to get away from NOLA downtown and have relaxed and quiet lunch or dinner.  They serve up some good home style Cajun food and seafood at a good price.  Don't expect service with a smile as they stay hopping when busy and can come off as curt but they're just busy.  Their fried food is really good and Po Boys are also good. I love their Cajun boiled shrimp.Went here recently to get a big meal before our 15 hour drive. The place is definitely old and run down but I kind of like it that way. The servers were all over the place and accidentally opened two tabs for us which was confusing when it came time to pay. The lemonade was not very sweet but the food was delicious. The prices are really good for the amount of food that you get. I got catfish and it came with fries, toast, hush puppies, and coleslaw. I still have leftovers and have no complaints about any of the food or the time that it took for the food to come to us.Service is 5/5 they are so sweet and attentive! Price is between $11-25 for a meal... Not too shabby. It's conveniently located right by the ferry in the second oldest neighborhood in New Orleans.  Decor needs a full upgrade and cleaning, but it's not bad. It has a local feeling. We thoroughly enjoyed it after driving around on a self guided driving tour of chalmette national battleground and cemetery, homes affected by the hurricane Katrina in the ninth ward and surrounding areas and also admiring the Victorian homes on Patterson drive.
My husband ordered the muffaletta sandwich which was huge and sliced into 4 sections. It had salame, ham, three different kinds of olives and provolone cheese on muffaletta bun.  You can get fries or cole slaw on the side. I, on the other hand, ordered the daily special which was a red stuffed bell pepper with long grain brown rice and duck with a side of grilled green beans that were to die for. We actually ordered an additional side of green beans so my husband could eat some more veggies with his massive meaty meal. He ordered a Pepsi with his meal and everything came out to only $30.
What a bargain for such a hearty and delicious meal! Don't listen to the negators... Come and check this place out and support this local hidden gem.This place was the worst idea we had our entire trip to NOLA so far! Five of us walked in, at around 2pm, ready to spend MONEY. We were ignored by the bartender so we sat at 2 high tops. As we we sat there waiting, the waitress looked at me directly in the eye and gave me a really weird look and continued on her way. My bf and 2 of my other friends went up to the bar to get drinks. A gentleman sitting at the bar who we did not know asked for a menu while my friends waited for the bartenders attention this is not a large bar folks, she was not busy. So my friends come back drinkless and cranky. I'm looking for things to do while they are getting us cold beverages, fyi. So as we decide this is BS and we are going to leave by bf hears the gentleman at the bar finally get his menu about ten minutes later. The bartender then tries to come over and give us menus and we tell her we are going to go to the Old Point Bar instead. Ill tell you what... I'm so glad we are here! This place is divey and homey and friendly and CHEAP!!!!!!!!! Go there!!!!!Was in NOLA for a conference and wrangled a few of my colleagues for this trip across the river.  Checked out this place based on a recommendation from a friend.  We got the BBQ shrimp and the cajun peel-and-eat shrimp.  The shrimp were big, sweet, and succulent although those positive characteristics were negated by the fact that both dishes were overseasoned and entirely too salty.  I got the catfish and oyster plate sans the fries with double coleslaw - should have split it.  They give generous portions here.  I loved the tender catfish delicately breaded and the oysters were decently sized. If you're like me and tend to like your shrimp au naturale, I'd ask them to take it easy on the seasoning - those plump little guys will be much more palatable.This place is okay-- nothing to write about to sell it besides the location. It's right as you get off the ferry and is an energetic place. The food is subpar at best but it isn't awful. It's overpriced for the food that it is.We just got into New Orleans from Chicago last night and needed to grab dinner. Our air bnb host said that this spot had some standard bar food and I was turned off. I told him that I wasn't in the mood for typical bar food. He said it was more than just bar food so we decided to check it out.
Setting expectations low we walked on over. We had the fried catfish fingers, gumbo and the hamburger steak. Everything was great! I had to get the gumbo after walking past a lady who had it at the bar. It looked great and it tasted even better. My fiancé had the hamburger steak and it was also delicious. Well seasoned and well cooked. Portions were generous but we couldn't stop eating! Had enough to take back to our place. Just had the gumbo for breakfast this morning...perfect!
Glad we decided to come here last night.Female bartender clearly does not like other females sitting at her bar. Terrible attitude. Worse service. She brought the wrong order. Charged us for what she did not bring. Ignored us as we attempted to question the bill then chased us outside to pay for what we never were served. Boo. D-Food is decent and the employees are great.  However, DO NOT go there when the owner is there in the afternoon.  She is loud and obnoxious and makes your stay very unpleasant.  Even her employees apologise for the intrusion.  Thank goodness she didnt come in when we had dinner earlier in our stay.  It would have caused indigestion.  As it was, we finished our drinks and got out quickly.  It was like having the town drunk in singing and yelling.  Very unpleasant!!!Great food, great service! 
The food was so delicious and great south side of the river option! Highly recommend.Great people, both regulars and bartenders! We had several drinks there and taught Laura the Moscow Mule. We'll be back!Service was fast and friendly.  The spinach and artichoke dip was very filling. The shrimp po'boy was the best I have had in New Orleans.  If you go on the ferry, stop by.So, an older local said that we had to take the Algiers Ferry and try this place because the food was so amazing. 
During the fairy ride another local asked what we were up to and when we said having lunch at the Dry Dock Cafe, she said,  "Skip it, I live there and don't eat there anymore", she went on to say that the food had gone down hill in recent years. 
We were already on out way so decided to stay the course, but we should have listened to local #2. 
The food wasn't horrible but it wasn't good either. I ordered a "dressed" sandwich and then still had to ask for mayo??
Atmosphere in the dining are was odd and the drink I ordered from the bar was weak and pricey.
Staff was friendly though - I personally wouldn't stop here again.Ate lunch here before jumping on the ferry and was happily surprised.  Didn't really expect the food to be that great at this little local bar, but I ordered a salad with blackened shrimp on it and it was one of the freshest salads I've ever had in a restaurant.  Fresh lettuce & spinach, fresh cut cauliflower and carrots and a great remoulade dressing.  My husband got an oyster po-boy and he said it was really good (I'm allergic to oysters so I didn't get to sample). I ordered their signature drink, Sex on the Levee and it is made with a fruit syrup that was a little too sweet for me but it was a well made drink for anyone who likes them fruity.What a dreadful ending to a wonderful trip. We  walked in for breakfast on our last day in Algiers and no one said a word. We waited while the servers sat and chatted at the bar for over five minutes. So we just walked around looking for a place to sit. Only to be told by the waitress/host "you can't sit there, we have a large party coming in that reserved those tables" and then she proceeded with her conversation.  So we finally found our own seats in a sticky corner and ordered the steak and egg specials. Both sets of my sister's silverware were dirty. She finally requested extra napkins and water to clean the final set her self. The food was meh, and the service was awful. Only positive was that the locals were fantastic and friendly. Won't be back, and I'm sure they want it to be that way. This is the type of place that doesn't really welcome outsiders. Kind of like a locals only spot. That was my observation and opinion.Long time patron. With the ownership change, the place seems to be going down slow. At one time the quality was predictable and did NOT violate expectations.
The fish special, in the past, had heaping helpings of steamed vegetables. The French fries have become minuscule.
The A/C leaks overhead, the 'new' floor is coming up, the place has a faint odor of something disagreeable.