I was there this past Saturday evening around 7pm with two others. One of us ordered the spinach dip which like someone else said was probably the best thing we had. I shared the seafood platter with another person. The fried catfish and shrimp were unseasoned and had no flavor. I ate three shrimp and two bites of catfish and was done. There were fried oysters that didn't look appetizing but my friend ate so I don't know. There were several hushpuppies but no crab balls. We inquired and were told that they were out of them and that's why we had so many hushpuppies. Well crab costs much more than hushpuppies. The waitress said they were going to prepare some crawfish balls for us instead. Well at this point I wasn't impressed or interested in anything else. When the crawfish balls arrived my two friends tried them and said they were too salty and they didn't finish them.  The mac and cheese wasn't impressive. It appeared to be macaroni noodles and cheese and pepper. The cornbread was sweet and tasted decent. Bottom line. I will not be backLove the food , service is great and the atmosphere sets the tone for a great time . I love chicken and 2/3 of the time I dine I get the chicken and it's it's crispy and juicy just like I like it . The mac and cheese is so cheesy and Make sure you get there for Sunday brunch ! So glad you're back openI really did forget this place reopened until I started searching creole food. I really really like the fried chicken, gumbo and potato salad  The sweet tea is pretty good too. The parking situation ain't perfect but it's worth it. Sorry to forget about yall Dunbars but glad yall are back in the community. Please make us proud.The gumbo was very .  The fired shrimp platter was delicious as well, but the portion-size was too small for the $18 price.  However, I look forward to returning in the coming months to see how this newly opened restaurants work out some kinks. #goodfoodStopped for brunch. Ordered chicken & waffles ($9). The chicken was really good. It came out so hot that I had to use my fork to eat. 
The brunch menu was limited to about 7 items (forgot to take a pic of the menu), but the most expensive item was the breakfast steak and eggs meal ($15). 
It was just really cold in there for some reason (to me) and it'd be more convenient if they invested in some actual dinner napkins (cotton/cloth) instead of actual paper napkins. My meal was quite messy...and thin paper napkins just didn't seem to cut it. 
The waitstaff is young, so be patient. But they are all well groomed and kind. The service is still good...
Other than that, good meal.In town so I wanted to try the best of the best.  This place was recommended so we stopped.  Everyone ordered something different and was pleased with their order (Oyster po-boy, fried chicken, mac-n-cheese, red beans, etc).  I'd recommend and return next time in New Orleans.This entire experience was a Major Disappointment. 1st with No party ahead of us & empty tables, we waited close to 15 min to be seated, once seated we waited another 15min for drink order or try to get water! Meals were awful ,as waited 25 min for entry's, Cornbread was tasty buy crumbled when tried to eat .. Red Beans n Rice were the Worst--adding Crab Boil Liquid doesn't make the dish Creole by any means...the chicken was deep fried too HARD. the Mac n Cheese was Tastless of any Cheese. ONLY dish w Flavor was Stewed Okra,Thankfully.Wasted over $90 on a Disappointing Dinner. The waitress was nice and apologetic HOWEVER what came out the Kitchen was inappropriate & unappetizing and shamefull. The Restroom was Dirty, but had Hot water at least,see pics..We herd this place was good but its Nothing like the ORIGINAL Dunbars, will Never go back nor Recommend to locals nor visitors!! Waste of Time & $$Enjoyed a delicious and very substantial lunch of Lima beans with shrimp and fried drum. The staff was friendly and helpful. The restaurant is attractive and spacious allowing for social distancing. Look forward to going back.This was my first time here. Food was absolutely delicious. Gumbo seasoned just right. Hot fresh corn bread served at each table. (My favorite!) especially with cabbage I will definitely be back and will tell all my friend about this place!We got grubhub to deliver from here. The food was really good. But the red beans had spilled all over. They didn't add my condiments that I had requested. They didn't include silverware. They canceled the Bread Pudding AFTER we completed and paid for the order. 
Fried food was fresh and tasty, which is tough to get when you order delivery! 
Red beans and potato salad were average. But the sausage is great.There are very few restaurants these days where you can get fried chicken that has been prepared fresh.  It takes about 15 minutes, but it was definitely worth the wait.  It was perfectly seasoned and very tasty.  I was served three pieces and took one home.  I also had some very good potato salad and some hot cornbread, which while it fell apart was very tasty.  The dining room is really nice - stylish and airy, but not loud as so many places are these days.  I do wish they would add fried okra or fried green tomatoes, but that was my only point for debate.  I will definitely be going back!Came here on a recommendation. Food and service are decent. Decent prices. Available menu items are limited. I had the fried shrimp with Mac N Cheese and red beans & rice. Like others said the breading on the shrimp isn't good. The texture and seasoning are lacking. Wouldn't order again. The free cornbread was good though. Red beans good, Mac n cheese avgTues Aug 20, 2019... We ate at Dunbar's using a Groupon... No hiccups. Wait time was average. Our server, Iris was good. My Mom and I shared an oyster poboy and the cabbage special... Both dishes were A+... the poboy bread was delicious.  Oysters were well seasoned, crispy and juicy, perfectly delicious. Cabbage and fried chicken were scrumptious... Now, my hubby and sister both ordered the seafood pasta. Neither loved it. They got nice portions, with lots of shrimp and crawfish. The taste was not milk and cheesy creamy, but tasted more like from a jar...Thumbs down on the pasta...  We also had the bread pudding; very, very good... I give this visit a 4.5 out of 5 stars.... We'll be back soon; no pasta though...LOLJust as good as it always was. I had the red beans, smoked sausage, potato salad, and cornbread and everything was perfect.This place is amazing! I'm from Baton Rouge and i got the seafood pasta and the spinach dip and both were amazing. I come to New Orleans often looking for a new place to try and my friends and i came here after a basketball game and i am so happy we did. I will def be coming here with my mom. I also love that they are black owned, however i do think they need some more staff cause they seems to be understaffed. But i will be returning.Left overs from Seafood Platter: 2 fish, 7 shrimp, 4 oysters, 3 crab balls. And I ate a considerable amount w/exception of fish (came w/3 pieces). Crab balls didn't wow me. 2 sides: mac & cheese (least favorite but not awful), side salad (Let & Tom). Comes w/French bread buttered & toasted. Overall solid meal; great value.WELCOME BACK!!! We missed you!!!! And it's evident in the patronage.  I personally had to wait for the crowds to die down a bit; good decision on my part. 
Service was good, the food was as well. The cornbread was tasty & a great treat before the entrée. Who doesn't like cornbread, don't answer, I don't wanna know that person. 
No adult beverages here, but water, tea, soda, lemonade and the like are available. 
The food was delivered in a timely fashion & was good. Not like it USED TO BE; I guess it was my hope; but STILLLLLLLLLLLLLLL a GREAT place for Soul Food. 
The day I visited, it was super packed; but I anticipate on a Sunday the opposite will be true. 
I plan to frequent this establishment for the food, the history & the great Family that own & operate.I had heard some raves about this place, but I was skeptical because $14 for a catfish platter just seemed like a lot to me. Well, I'm here to eat my words...and some delicious catfish.
I stopped in here for lunch and we were told to sit anywhere. The place is large and gorgeous and made to handle big crowds. Lucky for me, I came for a late lunch, so the place was pretty empty. After hearing all of the "oohs and aahs" about the catfish platter, I decided to go for it. My two sides were the veggie of the day, green beans, and I also had some red beans and rice because it was a Monday and those are the rules. We also started with some nice spinach dip and some complimentary corn bread was brought out to the table.
The spinach dip was great! It was a generous serving, served super hot with really salty chips, exactly how it's supposed to be served. The catfish platter came out and I was impressed. There were four nice-size pieces of catfish piled up in between my sides. The catfish was nicely battered, but the batter didn't compromise the flavor of the fish. The fish was thick cut and juicy and it was really fresh with a lot of flavor. The green beans were good and the red beans and rice were delicious. They were perfectly spiced (even though I added come Crystal sauce, because I always do) and the tasty cornbread went nicely with the entire meal.
Staff was friendly, even though the food took a while because it's all cooked to order. I didn't mind waiting a little longer for fresh cooked food, so that wasn't an issue. I am definitely going to have to get back over there and try the chicken, because I've also heard that their chicken is beyond good.The food is delicious and consistent. The atmosphere was very at home like. My favorite is the salmon and the Mac and cheese.Really Good Lunch!!!  I had the red beans and rice and white meat chicken cooked to order.  Everything was wonderful!!!All of our breakfast dishes were awesome. Biscuits were off the chain. The fried fish is one of the best in the city. If you want a down home meal this is your placeI absolutely loveeeeeee the breakfast here . I haven't actually been inside and always order through a third party but i am pleased every time. The catfish is amazing, seasoned with love and greatness. You get great portion sizes and the prices are reasonable. Definitely recommendPerhaps I came on an off night, but my experience at Dunbar's was not great. I went for a mid week dinner, and the place was empty when I arrived. The service was friendly and attentive. The food was my issue. We ordered chargrilled oysters that were so over cooked the oyster had turned into a paste on the shell. We also got spinach dip which was the best thing we ate. Most everything else just seemed old and dry. It was as if it was cooked another day and reheated. The cornbread was incredibly dry. My husband and I Got chicken and macaroni. The macaroni was mushy and dry, with separated cheese that told us it had been microwaved. I did not eat it. The chicken was crisp on the outside, but the inside wasn't juicy and was weirdly firm. The skin was very salty. Unfortunately, I will not recommend or return.THE ONLY BAD THING I HAVE TO SAY IS PARKING IT'S SPOTTY DURING THE DAY!!! There's other businesses in the strip and the one right next to this place has inconsiderate employees. One of them was getting dropped off and I pulled in behind them. Apparently they didn't care if another car was waiting because they say there in front of the business doing what ever. I had took back up out of the parking lot, Go back onto Earhart and go around. ‍. I almost pulled off but since I really wanted to treat my daughter I stayed. After that foolery, we had a pretty good experience! The food was good and so was the service! Everyone was friendly and inviting!Stopped by for New Year's Day.  They were opened and advertise a good meal.  This place was recommended and reviews were good.  However, this was not a good day.  They were out of some food items.  The menu was limiting.  The service was slow.  People left.  When the food arrived, there is a lot of food on your plate.  Location is nice and clean.  Normal pricing for a soul food place.  Food is good and spicy, but they must learn to be more reactive to customers.We have been here 3 times. The first 2 times would have gotten a 5 star review. The fried chicken is AMAZING!! Some of the best I've ever had. Service was good both times. 
Today, the chicken was equally as amazing as before. The husband ordered red beans, I ordered Lima beans. Both arrived cold, before the horrible waitress even brought our salads (?!). Then she took the beans back to reheat- one plate at a time (?!). We asked for extra napkins and butter for the (excellent) cornbread. She brought the napkins, then went back and got the butter (?!). Then she ignored us for at least 10 minutes after we finished. We got our own to go containers, she never came back until we got the hostess to go get her. 
We will go back. Food is too good! But we will make sure that we don't have to suffer through lunch with this clueless person again. Also, a manager/supervisor has never approached us to see if our food/experience was okay in the 3 times we ate there. You guys need to up your game with the service- I've seen lots of places that had good food close due to not being run well. Don't let that happen...I visited based on hearing good things about Dunbar's and how good they were before the hurricane.   I must say this was a waste of $21! The quality of the food is the worst! I ordered the combination catfish and shrimp plate with macaroni and cheese and potato salad to go....Don't get me wrong the macaroni was good and it had a nice sauce to it, but the potato salad was hot!  I don't know if it was just made or what but how do you serve hot potato salad in New Orleans and expect your customer to be satisfied?   The problem I really had with the plate was the catfish! The catfish was this artificial water fish that you would expect to get from the corner store!  It was fried to perfection but it had very little season!  The batter did not have a good taste to it! The shrimp were nice big shrimp but it had no flavor!  You also get a piece of garlic bread that became soggy under all of the fried  seafood...Dunbar I know you are probably making a comeback to the city and you need to make your money but you will need to lower your price on this plate as the quality is not there! I gave 2 stars based on presentation because it was presented nicely and I thought it would be delicious but it was not! I could have brought a supper plate from a church and it woulda been better then this! I was clearly disappointed!  Also the staff was nice and courteous over the phone, and I felt they were nice and welcoming when I picked up my food!I finally tried Dunbar's Cajun cuisine and was very pleased. The smothered okra it was delicious fried chicken crust was delicious but the chicken was a little undercooked by the bone.The red beans and rice with fried chicken and corn bread is awesome. The oyster poboy was perfect. And the smothered okra with fried fish keeps me coming back. The wait staff is very friendly and my coworker and I will continue to make this place a regular lunch spot. Yum...
ThanksDunbars has came through for me more often than not.  From .99cent breakfast awesome.  To dining in and being the most talked about place of my not so easy to please foreign family guests,  I'm happy I gave Dunbars a try.  I need to try their dinner sometime.Everything was delicious. My son & I dined in early June 2018 & ordered a to-go plate for my hubby. We had the cabbage and fried chicken special. It came w/candied yams and cornbread. My first thigh was slightly under cooked, but was quickly replaced with a pipping hot, fully cooked, juicy, and deliciously crispy thigh. My cornbread was fluffy, crunchy on the end, and hot. The yams were sweet and yummy. My hubby met us & ate 1/2 his plate there. He had the red beans w/chicken. He was pleased also. I have since ordered to-go x2 and each meal was a yummy as the 1st. The service was good, sort of "NOLA" style... LOL... 
I'll be back... I'm pleasantly satisfiedJust so happen to drive by and noticed they advertised a .99cents breakfast. It comes with a biscuit,grits or hashbrowns,eggs and your choice of sausage or bacon. All of this for .99cents! 
This is how everyone should start their day. Everything was delicious & I had low expectations. They were surpassed. U have the option to dine in or take out. I did a quick take out as i was on the move but I'll make sure to check out the rest of their menu on my next visit for lunch or dinner.This place is great. Perfect seasoning. Seafood stuffed baked potato is a must. Creole fried  chicken wing app is best I have had in NOLA. Red beans are awesome. If I could give it a 6 stars.Fried chicken mac and cheese. It's felt like I was in my kitchen. It was so good . Hubby and I would come back again and bring some friends.Their food is absolutely amazing! The presentation of the food is great upon serving, even for takeout! I'm not originally from New Orleans and it was my first time visiting and the server took her time to gather my preferences and recommended some amazing first try's!
Love love love it!The fried chicken here is incredible!!! The three piece dark is so juicy and flavorful. They will be my go to for fried chicken in the city for now! The gumbo is delicious too and packed with flavor. The gumbo has shells in it which I am finding out is common in gumbo here. The cornbread was soft and sweet and the garlic toast was on point. My server Ashley was nice and gave me good service. I can't wait to come back here!Went late and the food took forever and tasted like it had been sitting all day.  I do not recommend.The food was absolutely delicious! We really loved everything and the staff was very friendly. We got our food to go and everything was hot and fresh and absolutely delicious!
We will visit again. My husband had the smothered pork chop and I had the fried chicken meal, our daughter had the seafood platter.
Awesome, hot, well seasoned and delicious!Absolutely great meal. No matter when you go and what you get, you'll always leave full..
Can't wait to get back to the city and go again.Dunbar's has the most amazing food and desserts created and served by the most amazing people. What more can you ask for? Oh yeah a Oysters Rockefeller hamburger!This is probably my favorite restaurant in town. If you're going to splurge, this is the place to do it. Mrs. Dunbar (Owner) as well as her employees are welcoming and unfailing polite. I was amazed at the speed of service.The ambience is nice, the food is to die for. At different times  the employees were efficient and helpful. The service I received was prompt. Customers are provided with affordable prices and fast service. I couldn't have been more pleased...I can confirm that Dunbar's restaurant is committed to providing each customer with the highest caliber of customer service, an act that demonstrates a genuine desire to satisfy, if not delight, a customer. I highly recommend Dunbar's restaurant.
Respectfully Submitted
Gmarie Hall
CC: YELP
Google reviewI'm glad they were able to finally re-open! I'm sure there will be improvements along the way (speed of bringing out items and processing payments) but it's good to see them back in business.  The fried chicken was amazing and the homemade lemonade and cornbread hit the spot!Won't be back, if you are with several people your whole table should be eating at the same time. Our table food can out literally 5 minutes apart, until we had to consistently tell her she was forgetting people food. The Mac and cheese was so greasy until you couldn't even eat it.  The menu was very very limited. I'm very disappointedI'm very happy to see Dunbar's reopen, and was a fan and patron of the old restaraunt on Freret St. The new digs are kind of strange, the building is odd as is the interior. Like most post-Katrina reopenings, everything about the interior is cheap and unfortunate.
The service at Dunbar's is excellent as always. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly.
The food is good but if my memory serves correctly not as good as I remember the old restaurant being, but they just reopened so I'll hold off on that. They're definitely putting forth a big effort so I'll refrain from being overly critical until the restaurant has been open a year at least.I've looked forward to the reopening of Dunbar's, they were great when they were located uptown on Freret Street.  They had great red beans & rice, and fried chicken,  Gumbo, cabbage and other favorites.  Well, today I dined at the new location on Earhart Blvd, I ordered a cup of gumbo and red beans & rice, with fried chicken.  VERY DISAPPOINTED!  The gumbo was not tasty, and the red beans were not creamy, or cake like, and the fried chicken was simply awful! I didn't eat most of it....it had a hint of fried hot sausage taste to it.  Maybe it was fried in the same grease.  I don't know, but I won't be going back!  Mandina's  still has some of the best red beans & rice, and fried chicken in New Orleans.  I pride myself for being borned & raised in New Orleans, specifically Treme!  We know how GOOD FOOD taste.  Not anyone can cook Good Gumbo nor Good Red Beans!  I went to school with Buster (Homes)Bean's in the French Quarters two older sons, Tyrone and Clarence. We use to hop the fence at McDonald 41 (Armstrong Park now) to eat lunch there...lived two blocks from Dooky Chase!  That being said, I know how good Creole Food taste!  I know "What It Means To miss New Orleans!BEST CATFISH hands down in New Orleans!! Our Uber driver recommended Dunbar's as a great choice for catfish. I must say IT WAS MORE THAN DELICIOUS!!! The potato salad and sides were phenomenal!!!
Having traveled to NOLA  numerous times and dined in various restaurants and cuisines -  we rank Dunbar's as TOP TEN places to eat!! 
Trying to decide where to eat our last meal before ending our stay in the BIG EASY and we find ourselves headed back to Dunbar's!!Food was largely quite wonderful at a very reasonable price point, and we were having a great time at this unassuming, no-frills soul food spot... until my mom found a hair in her eggs (which, she said, had previously tasted great). While this is a thing that can certainly happen anywhere, it truly puts a damper on a meal. 
Nevertheless, that this isn't now a 1 Star review is a testament to how good some of the rest of the food was. The steak was phenomenally seasoned and cooked perfectly (though this particular rib-eye was very fatty). But the true stars were the side dishes: the potato salad, rice pilaf, and hashbrowns were AMAZING. Yes, I realize those are typically three of the most bland sides, but Dunbar's has managed to give them zest and life and TONS of flavor - we were licking the bowls, it was THAT good. 
Other food: The chicken 'n' waffles were... fine: crisply crusted, juicy chicken over a slightly undercooked waffle - however, because the pieces of chicken were wings and drumsticks rather than strips of breast meat, it was impossible to eat the chicken'n'waffles together in one bite of chicken'n'waffle because you have to bite the chicken off the bone separately, which kind of defeats the purpose of chicken'n'waffles. Logistically it just didn't quite work. The syrup was also lackluster, and I had to ASK for hot sauce! (gasp)
Additionally, despite having $2.50 mimosas on the brunch menu (a great deal!), they told us they weren't serving any that day, nor were they serving any other alcohol for a reason that wasn't provided to us.
Despite all this, I find myself wanting to go back to this old NOLA institution! That fried catfish I saw on a neighbor table keeps calling my name!Came here on a hunch before going to a seminar. Only had $6 to spend on breakfast to no be hungry during this class. The staff was very friendly through all of my changes in my order & indecisiveness. The food was wonderful & the atmosphere was a joyous one. I was awake & had a better attitude before entering the half of my off day seminar. I would definitely be visiting again!You can never go wrong with this place. The good is delicious and affordable! They have some good punch as well! Love this place!If you are visiting NOLA and don't go to Dunbar's, you are missing one of the great food experiences to be had, not only in this town, but perhaps the entire South. And if you live here, you have absolutely no excuse not to go, not only for the superb food, but to support this legendary restaurant.
I was last at Dunbar's on July 14, 2005, when it was still on Freret Street, with a group of friends as part of that year's Dining for Life NO/AIDS Task Force benefit. Suffice to say, a lot has changed since then.
What hasn't changed is the friendly service, the Bob Hope letter on the wall, and the AWESOME food! If you haven't been here before, run, don't walk (M-F, 11-5, that is), for simply the best Creole Soul food around!
I ordered the hush puppies appetizer, thinking I'd get 3 or maybe 6. What I got was a dozen of the most perfect puppies on the planet! (Tho maybe I shouldn't have had them all at one sitting, fabulous as they are. Lol)
The gumbo, filled with crab, shrimp, chicken and sausage was absolutely heavenly as well. It was as tho each of the individual components had been personally and lovingly placed in the cup.
I also got the Tuesday Special "Cabbage with Yams served with barbecue (or fried) chicken" for $9.95 -- who knew rice came with it as well?!
The chicken was tasty, the cabbage could make anyone a cabbage aficionado, and the yams are so wonderful they could be served as a dessert!! (Note: Yams are only on the menu Tuesdays and Thursdays. I asked why and it's because of the amount of preparation they entail from peeling each one to a long cooking time to get them so perfectly tender.)
Hope they'll be staying open later again for dinner soon!Ok, Thursday's menu is hands-down the best. The "only" thing anyone should order this day is their special of the day which is always greens with fried chicken. DELICIOUS!!!I enjoyed this spot.  Like I really loved The Seafood platter. So y'all let me say this...... The waitress are are very knowledgeable and make really good suggestions.  So me and my two co-workers came here and we were very blah about the spot at first but the.minute we sat down we had a good time. Now the wait time is really long but it is worth it. We were served hot cornbread while we sat and waited . me and a co worker ordered seafood platter with red beans and Mac And cheese. It was sooooo delicious. Also the platter had fish,shrimp,crab balls,and oysters nd it was everything i wanted. The other two co workers ordered something else that still was great. The Sweet Tea.....it was too damn GOOD!!! Everything was at a good expense. I enjoyed everything and will be back.I really wanted to love this place due to the positive reviews I've seen everywhere else. I'm gonna assume that I just caught them on a bad day. I went on a Saturday afternoon and they were very busy with several large groups of people. Service was nice despite the crowd and they actually were pretty efficient. The downside was the food. Maybe I was just expecting too much since I had heard such great things. The fried chicken, which we were told was fried to order, was hard and appeared to have been sitting. It didn't have any real flavor. I asked for 2 legs and a wing and instead got a leg and 2 thighs. The fried fish my boyfriend ordered had absolutely no flavor and wasnt even warm. The sides (Mac n Cheese, shrimp pasta) were equally bland. It kinda reminded me of something you might have at a wedding- neither good or really bad- just kinda ok. They give you cornbread while you wait. That was pretty good. We didn't try dessert because we didn't want to be further disappointed.Do not try the salmon here. It was dry and over cooked. The side dishes came in very small plastic bowls. The serving size was too small. The dried seafood is to die for. They have the best sweet tea. Our waitress was very polite and She brought out some cornbread and butter while we waited. It was delicious. I will go back and try other things.I only tired their catfish sandwich which was so yummy and also the cornbread was a five starsWhat a great experience here! My coworkers and I had a group lunch here recently and everyone really enjoyed it. We had 17 people and the staff was very friendly and efficient. Even with a group this size, we were able to get in and out in a little over an hour. They gave us cornbread while we waited...im not typically a fan but theirs was fantastic.  It was a bit crumbly but the flavor made up for that. 
I had the fish plate with red beans and mac n cheese. My fish was crispy..huge plus for me. I hate soft, soggt fish. The sides had just the right amount of seasonings. I didnt have room for dessert but the bread pudding looked awesome. This was my first visit here...not sure why...but i would like to return.Comedy Night at Dunbar's @Dunbarscreolecuisine 2.3.18!! Doors open at 8PM Show starts at 9PM. Hosted by @Shervey1 Featuring @JiveBrady @Ritabrentcomedy @ShaddyFeelgood and Special performances by @_singingbeauty_ & @coolnastyband Tickets are available for sale at Eventbrite.com or Dunbar's Creole Cuisine 7834 Earhart Blvd.Absolute worst service I've ever experienced. We went her in attempt to support and with being the only table there it was over 38 min on our app which were wings that came out not done. I could continue on to when I complained and got up to se about 10 employees talking and laughing all while my table and another couple that came in were far from satisfied. After speaking with the no one came to the table at all. Don't waster your time.Dunbar's has long been famous for their Creole food, fried chicken and daily specials.  There new location has been decorated with lots of bright colors and they do have off street parking.  They have a great selection of items on their menu and there should be something on there to please most tastes.  Dunbar's fried chicken is always among the top options in the New Orleans area when discussing the best fried chicken in the area.  They have also added some enormous burger options and their entrees are really great.  The service here is friendly and they keep your drink refilled along with being very good about explaining daily specials on offer.  
Overall this is great place that needs to be on your must visit list to experience the great food joints of New Orleans.
My video review of Dunbar's Creole Cuisine is here:
https://youtu.be/kOf-JmHhD_wI frequently order the 3 pc fried chicken meal with Mac and cheese, red beans, yams and cornbread and it'll last me about 2-3 days. You definitely get your money's worth and the food is ALWAYS amazinggg 10 out of 10!!Food was okay. This is probably lunch spot for folks who work near. Maybe I'll be back if I'm in the area again but I won't drive from another part of the city.Came in during our visit to New Orleans from L.A. and everything we tried was excellent! From the gumbo, to the Mac, to the wings, to the ribs, the sweet tea and and the LEMONADE!!! Allll good! The service was excellent and and the ladies were very sweet! When we come back to visit, we're definitely going back again!I got the food delivered to the hotel I was staying at. i ordered catfish poboy, chicken wings, veggie and lemonade. The poboy lacked flavor and bad quality of veggies, the chicken wing - the first piece I took a bite had some weird metal object - So nasty that I didn't even want to take a chance to eat the remaining 5 pieces. my dinner at New Orleans was a huge disappointment. I called the restaurant and they would not refund. what a customer service.When you walk into a restaurant and it doesn't smell like food...turn around like I wish we had. We had the gumbo which was mostly bone and gristle.   New Orleans is a must stop for great food except for here.  The red beans lacked flavor. The waitress was nice.If you miss that old school cooking , come here . Every bite I took brought me back to my childhood memories . Fast friendly service and great prices.We really enjoyed the red beans and rice and fried chicken. My wife had a stuff seafood bell pepper. A party of 5 we enjoyed our food and we took a pic with the owner. Our waitress was friendly and nice. I definitely recommend Dunbar's.The chicken was seasoned pretty well, moist, and crunchy. However, I ordered white meat and was served with a breast and leg. I opted for the smoked sausage. The beans were regular in flavor, nothing major. Also, it came with cornbread, which I didn't receive until the end of my meal. I had to basically ask for it. The sweet tea was indeed sweet. 
Customer service could be better, for example, actually having a host be there to serve customers to their tables. I think it's really importance, since the menus are in the hostess area. Also, there's a need for napkins on the table. I only had the napkin from the utensils. Mind you, I was eating chicken, which I will say again, HOT AND DELICIOUS!!  
Overall, it's a nice place and locally owned.Dunbar's is by far the best meal I've had in New Orleans so far. The red beans and rice with the fried chicken was absolutely phenomenal. The amount of food that you get for an entree is huge! You won't be let down! Our service was great. The sides were amazing. We had yams and Mac n cheese. Both were delicious. Last but not least, the bread pudding!!! It came out in this beautiful glass bowl and might be the best bread pudding in New Orleans! All in all, the cozy, laid back atmosphere with all the great creole cuisines is exactly where you need to be to have the best New Orleans experienceThe best breakfast in the neighborhood.  Their pancake meal is without comparison.  I also love their fried chicken and shrimp po-boy.  This neighborhood was waiting for this kind of greatness.Stopped in quick while in town.  I had the shrimp po boy and my wife had the seafood pasta.  Added bonus:  cornbread!
The waitress was great and was eager to accommodate our young child, and the price was reasonable.  We will be back when we are around the area again.I absolutely love and missed Dunbar's.  I got a chance to go back for the first time since their re-opening and the catfish and red beans and rice are still banging. The service is usually quick and attentive and the prices are beyond reasonable.  This is a good, laid-back spot for authentic New Orleans food.Good food and great service on top of all that we saw Juvenile. I will be back for the red beans rice and fried fishAMAZING catfish !!! came here 2 mornings in a row !! 
first morning i ordered cart fish and grits. which came with 2 eggs and a biscuit as well. 
when i say WELL SEASONED !!! omg the catfish was soooooo good. they also have a 99 cent breakfast that comes with scrambled eggs, sausage patty or link & grits & a biscuit... ALL FOR 99 cents !!!! 
my new breakfast spot when i come in to town. 
& it's black owned !!I just left the restaurant and I am highly dissatisfied. I decided to try the smothered okra with fried chicken, which additionally came with potato salad and cornbread. The chicken was undercooked, the potato salad tasted like all celery, and the okra was just deplorable. I will never know how the cornbread tasted because I never received it. I must commend the waitress on her smile but she was slow as molasses. Not only will I never return, I will tell everyone I know in my district about the time I wasted my money for lunch.I usually go into each restaurant giving them 5 stars. I love food, I want them to be good, exceptional. Once I sit down there are various ways to start losing stars. This particular day the managed to get down to 1 star, 0 if we're being honest. So how did we get to 3 stars? Keep reading.
Our group decide on 11am for brunch. That good time when you can order breakfast and/or lunch and to not feel weird. We all smiled looking around the restaurant, they weren't busy. Phew. We were hungry too. 
Now, more people begin filling in, other parties of 4 or more. Now it's about 11:30, we still don't have our food. We're patient. But our eyes are like magnets to other people's food. They wonder in the plates of strangers, my mouth longing for a bite of something, anything. 
NOW.... it's 11:40 and the waitress, let's call her Jackie stops by the table. Wha wanted to inform us that 'the kitchen' needed to make another batch of pancake mix. Yes, pancakes.  But our food isn't rest yet.  pancake mix. Jackie offers gumbo for our wait. Now they're back up to 2 stars.
Food came eventually. It was good. Very good but, the. Service slow... make sure you have a lot time. Once the food came out, IT WAS GOOD! Normally I add pictures to my review but I was too hungry! Since the food was really good I moved them back up to 3 stars.Servers are wearing no mask. And obviously they dont take orders from certain people who are wearing sleeveless shirts all of a sudden. Notice i said "certain people" if they dont know you. I had my U.S Marshal partner order my food instead and the chicken was pink and salty. They wont get another dollar from meFirst time visiting on Sunday and they had only a Brunch menu with limited menu.  Ordered a bowl of gumbo that came with a side of potato salad. The presentation of the food was great. But as soon as I dip my spoon I was disappointed. The temperature was not warm but not popping hot and the filling was absent to say the least. The taste was very good so I ate most of it.
After I was done one of the staff came and asked how was the meal. We expressed the disappointment of not having any filling and asked if there were any sausage and shrimp in there gumbo. She replied yes there was and that it seems the cook didn't dig down deep enough.  No other explanation or offer to change our impressions.
I guess it really didn't matter because I had already made up my mind I will not be returning!Best authentic NOLA food. Everything is delicious and taste like someone grandma made everything from scratch. Best cornbread, read beans, and fried chicken.Overjoyed!!! Sooooo everyone from New Orleans knows that Monday is Red Beans and Rice day, so upon looking for the perfect place for the New Orleans tradition I spotted Dunbar's...let me tell ya something! Real New Orleans cooked Camellia red beans baaaaaby not Blue Runners from the can( if you're from NOLA you know what I'm talking about)big plate full with smoked sausage(you can get fried chicken if you like), and the best sweet tea ever(when down south it's sweet tea or nothing). Now let me tell you about the customer service which I'm very big on...Cortez was awesome!!! Great smile, great personality, and absolutely an asset to the front of the house staff...He was pleasant and very courteous, he made the entire dining experience worthwhile so much so that I told him I was coming back for breakfast in the morning(yessssss they have $.99 cent breakfast)grit's, eggs, sausage and toast...and I love myself some grit's...well Cortez sold it and I bought it!! Can't wait until tomorrow....ANOTHER ONE YOU DON'T WANT TO SLEEP ON GUYS!!!!I would recommend this restaurant if you have nothing but time on your hands! The food was good, but I would only return if I were on vacation.