The food is great and fresh.  Our server was very friendly and the whole place is cheerful and vibrant.East of Italy is a hit, the atmosphere is great and they have some outdoor seating. It is Italian cuisine but they offer some very excellent vegetarian options. I love the avocado sub almost as much as the spinach and artichoke sub. Also, the hummus is some of the best in NOLA. They make all their breads in-house and the prices are excellent. I took my valentine there for lunch and we got out for $30. with the tip. If you are visiting Kiefer Arena or just in the area put this place on your list.Order anything!!!! it's the one of the best meals that you would have. The owner is the greatest, she will make sure you are good. I started coming here when my brother said " man you should try this spot", Now I always eat here also the have a pretty decent health menu. Pizzas are the best! Let me not forget about the drinks A-1! I think the staff is great go here for a great experience.The atmosphere was great, they have a full bar and some great things on the menu, the services was good, FYI the reason that I have it 3 stars is because the pizza crust is very doughy not cooked enough.It's always clean and they food is amazing! I definitely recommend this place! Just need a better location bc location is everything and ppl don't know they are back there. Will return again! Next time I'm bringing the family!I often go here with my daughter.  We don't have many places in Gentilly to eat out, but this place is happily one of them.  We just picked up and ate a great pizza and have enjoyed the food when we dine in many times.  The staff is extremely friendly and the establiment seems super clean and cozy.Service taking the initial order/drink was slow, but friendly. I had the lunch special with an Italian sandwich, Roma salad, and cup of soup; it was delicious and the price was reasonable at $10.50.This little restaurant was fantastic. The service was great and my meal was delicious.  I ordered the chicken 1/2Parmesan sandwich and spinach salad and was very pleased. Others in my group ordered pizzas and they were very pleased also.  You won't go wrong choosing this restaurant.While the restaurant's overdone exterior (especially in a lakeview strip mall) made me crane my neck to check for fountains with cherubs, its chic and relaxed interior--cozy booths, bar, wood floors, plenty of light, makes it feel like a casual neighborhood Italian bistro--an authentic place for pizza and tiramisu without the kitsch and exorbitantly high prices. There aren't a lot of these left nowadays, and I've got a soft spot for them. I got the lunch special of a half sandwich and fries for $8.50: garlic butter Parmesan frites with a chicken mozzarella feta avocado sandwich my server kindly recommended.  I got there at 11 and by 11:30 the place was filling up with large parties of local peeps, but my food came out right away and my server remained sweet and attentive. The fries were wonderful with a sweet subtle garlic flavor accented by crisp threads of Parmesan. The sandwich bread was soft-bellied and crunchy as all good italian bread should be but its ingredients felt haphazardly thrown together without much care. Not a well-balanced ratio of mozz to feta, avocado with some brown spots, and cold, flavorless chicken breast which obviously wasn't marinated or grilled! I enjoyed the concept of the sandwich more than the reality, but would still return for the lovely environment and fun menu options to try (particularly the copious pasta options.)Husband and I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon while attending an event at Lakefront Arena. Super nice staff and really delicious food!Good food, not that expensive, relaxed place to grab a bite. I'ma fan =)The pizza here is amazing! The crawfish pizza is the best. This place is close to my house and has a good vibe. You can choose to sit outside on the patio when the weather is nice or dine indoors. My only complaint would be that the pizzas are a little bit more pricey than a pizza chain but you are getting your money's worth.This marks my second time eating here. The homemade bread is phenomenal! I love their shrimp Alfredo and caesar salad. If you're ever around the UNO Lakefront Arena you should definitely drop in to eat. It's directly across the street.I'm basing this review on my one experience at this restaurant and I would give it another chance because our family loves Italian food. The restaurant itself is open and clean and bright. Our server was prompt and polite. The ceasar salad was very...wet, just unnecessarily damp and oily, and it did not have much flavor, I could not eat it. The piece of breadstick that comes with it reminded more of a thick paper. If I had payed the $10 for the breadstick appetizer I would have been very angry. My husband enjoyed his chicken parmesan, but the chicken was not breaded and the pasta was overcooked. The prices are very high ( you won't be getting an appetizer or dessert for under $10) but I would go back for a lunch special to try again and order something else.East of Italy has an attractive, neat, and clean exterior and interior, with an outdoor seating area, decorated with many potted plants. We ordered two children's plates, I had the Spaghetti & Meatballs and my lunch mates ordered Eggplant Shrimp Parmesan. We found the food filling, well seasoned, and delicious. The entrees came with salad & bread sticks. Service was quite nice and efficient. This place is recommended by us, and we would return. RJTTook a yelp recommendation and ordered the Italian sandwich. Amazing! Warm crusty bread, salty meats, cheese, right amount of veggies. Got with garlic fries! Yummy! Hubby got eggplant shrimp pasta. Gave it 4 thumbs up. Give it a try! We got take out but the inside looked clean & inviting just cold from AC.Hi! Great food, bad service!! When the owner is rude how do you expect your establishment to run. I never met someone so rude. I watched her top the the customers and the employees any kind of way. To treat your employees like that especially in front of customers is low down. The food is great, but high and it's not worth dealing with a bad owner. If that changes the restaurant will be a great place to eat it at.Great experience! It was our first time. We were seated right away. Our waitress was extra extra nice.The ambiance was nice. They had good music on with Elton John playing "Good Bye Yellow Brick Road." Loved it. 
We are going to definitely go back. The appetizers (Hummus, Bread sticks, and Calamari) we ordered were superb. The Hummus was excellent. I think  the best we have ever tasted. We will definitely order the hummus again. 
The service was the best we have seen in New Orleans. 
They did not get 5 out 5 for two reasons. The mens bathroom had several buckets in it with a ladder next to the door. I believe they use the bathroom as a utility closet. Also, the cajun craw fish had cheese sauce which was an odd choice of sauce. I tasted the pesto on the pesto ravioli and it was excellent. All my dining partners enjoyed their dishes. I will pick a different item next time.
Overall, it was good place to visit. We will definitely be back.I went here last night with my family with a giant party.  We pretty much filled up the entire restaurant.  Everyone at my table got steak - I got the lasagna.  The lasagna was a good portion.  It came with two of the most delicious breadsticks ever.  The sauce, noodles, cheese, and meat ratio was even.  The only problem I had with the lasagna was that the meat was kind of off.  I asked my mom to taste it and she said it was just the sauce on the meat.  Everyone else had steak and they said it was delicious.  Salad was good. Corn and crab chowder was good.  We got the cheesy bread to share and it was very delicious too.  Service was good. My glass of sprite was never empty.  Great restaurant overall.  I'd go here again. :)  oh!  I saw people ordering pizza....and it looked so good.  I'm going to try it next time.I didn't find out about this place until the owner was a guest speaker in my Intro to Entrepreneurship class. It's right by my college so my best friend and I decided to grab a quick lunch. 
We were originally worried about how long it would take since it's a sit-in and dine place. But we were in and out of there fairly quickly. We had the Mediterranean Hummus appetizer and each ordered a chicken wrap. The Mediterranean Hummus was okay. I've had better at Reginelli's restaurant. The wrap was different than any other wrap I'd had, but the service however was lacking.
 My friend knew the waitress through someone else and she was barely seen the entire time we were there. She was there to take our order and give us our check. The food was delivered by someone else. 
I wouldn't mind going back and trying some pasta or pizza. I still have a gift card that was distributed during the owner's presentation to use.
Overall, the atmosphere felt carefree and it was a quiet place to eat. People were considerate of others and spoke with indoor voices. The inside was smaller than I anticipated but the decor made up for it. They have a bar that you can sit at also and get some drinks I believe.
Don't let appearances deceive you. Although the parking lot and location isn't nice to the eyes, it wouldn't hurt to try this place out!Been here several times. I highly recommend the lobster ravioli.it was very good. The prices are kinda steep on certain items but from my experiences u get what u pay for and they are worth it. The service is also very goodThe Mediterranean hummus is my favorite!! Everything is so good! Sign up for the rewards program, it's easy to get money off your future purchases! Delivery would be awesome!Nice, attractive, clean and welcoming restaurant. Our server was very friendly and efficient, too. Unfortunately, I don't think I would come back here--the food was okay, but pretty bland, and I don't think I'd make an effort to eat it again. Would have been helped by a few extras, like some ketchup or hot sauce, or marinara for the extremely bland bread sticks. Salad was fresh, but the tomatoes were inedible. Pasta and broccoli were overcooked, potatoes were a bit burnt, etc. I feel a little bad giving them such a poor review, but we came here based on their high Yelp rating, so I feel it's only fair to offer my honest opinion.I love this restaurant! The food taste so heavenly!!! I highly recommend this restaurant! The Cajun chicken pasta & shrimp eggplant spaghetti is delicious, a must try!!!!!!!:) highly recommended!there is very little in non-fast food options in the area around the University of New Orleans, so this place is very popular.  Typical New Orleans average Italian food by Turkish owners (Cafe Roma, Mona Lisa, etc...) Blah, kind of tasteless.  Here's the thing, though.  I ordered an Italian sandwich and wanted mustard instead of Mayo for obvious reasons (Mayo sucks, especially on an Italian sandwich) and they had no mustard.  Not that they didn't have the kind of mustard I wanted.  They had NO mustard.  No yellow mustard, no creole mustard, no dijon mustard.  No mustard.  If I ever go back, I'm bringing my own bottle of French's.The food is mediocre, generic pizzeria-type food. They offer sandwiches, wraps, pizza, and other entrees. The restaurant offers a full bar, which has been useful on several post-exam afternoons. The staff are always friendly and helpful. I come here on my breaks at UNO sometimes when I am in the mood for something more than subway or the on-campus dining options. However, I wouldn't dine here often if there were other options close-by with table service. The service can be inattentive, and there never seems to be any managers (or adults) on the floor. The servers are always young kids in their early twenties/late teens, and you get what you'd expect. The food doesn't seem particularly fresh and can be quite bland. Overall, I am glad it's there as an option, but I am afraid if anything else were to pop up in the area, I would be quick to frequent the newer establishment.I was told by a friend that this place was awesome. He was right on. Immediatly after walking through the front door you feel at home. Its a very comfortable place and the lighting is nice. The service is hard to beat as well. Atmoshere is very important IMO. I went there to try the spagetti but asked the waiter for suggestions.  I took the waiters advice and ordered the cajun crawfish pasta. I was not sure about the sliced jealapenos but it was a perfect compliment to a fabulous meal.  I will be back here soon and often.It's food enough. Nothing really stands out in my 2 times but the manicotti, that was good stuff. And Nick Cave came in, sat down, and kept staring at my family while sipping wine. Pizza is good.I have never eaten a bad meal here. East of Italy is one of my main neighborhood go-to's. I like the parmesan tilapia and the garlic chicken pasta. Every meal comes with a side Caesar salad and two breadsticks. The drinks are affordable also. My glass of wine was $6.50 and they have Wednesday wine specials but only for bottles of wine. The decor is functional and and atmosphere is quiet. Perfect for date nights or a cozy spot to catch up with an old friend. Additionally they have outdoor seating but I haven't taken advantage of that option yet. The way to 5 stars is faster service from the kitchen. Our servers have always been kind and professional but the kitchen is slow.The pizza is pretty good.  Fish entrees decent and seasoned.  My favorite is the avocado sandwich.  Restaurant is clean and attractive. Servers are friendly.This place is awesome!
Over the years, this place has really stepped up it's game. The people have ALWAYS been ridiculously nice--especially the owner who has no problem rolling up her sleeves and getting in there when she needs to. She also checks on her diners the same way a fancy chef does at a the big time restaurants. 
Many years ago when I started going there, the food was just okay, and the drinks were pretty bad (obviously made by folks who knew nothing about alcohol). I stuck around because the service was sooooo darn good. I'm glad I did. Now, their drink menu is SO much better, and their servers have learned to make a mean cosmo! Real mean--like it can put hair on your chest!
This is a really good family restaurant. Safe. Clean. Comfortable. And they do this really cute thing where if a child orders the kid's pizza, they have the option of putting the topping on themselves! (I was a bit miffed that I didn't get this option...So what I'm a fully grown woman...).
The only reason why I didn't give them five stars is because I am spoiled when it comes to Italian food. However, The Cajun Crawfish Pasta, Mediterranean Hummus, Tomato Basil Soup, Fresh Bread, Wings (with the feta and cherry peppers), and Pizzas are Yumtastic. Don't sleep on that stuff! There's other stuff, too, but those are my favorites.I had a friend who ate here before and warned me about how bland the food was but I thought I'd give it a try since everyone taste buds are different. I had the spaghetti and meatballs that comes with a Caesar salad and some piece of cardboard that they call bread. I was curious on where the salad was until I realized they serve it on the same plate at the spaghetti. No biggie until I tasted the salad. The dressing that was on the salad tasted like it was mixed with water and some spaghetti sauce from it mixing with my pasta. The pasta sauce itself was okay. Aside from the food, the place is nice on the inside but don't let that fool you and think the waitress will be nice as well. I had Anna. I'm a waitress myself and let me say I understand there are bad days however that does not excuse the fact for someone just throwing the food on the table and walking away. I'm not sure if it's because I was a one top that she thought I wasn't going to tip? No clue. Anna didn't come to the table for a good 10-15 minutes. When she bought me the check she once again threw it on the table and just walked away. After I paid she threw the check on the table once again!! Lol. She did say "have a good day" as she was walking away! That was the best part!! Lol. I'll probably try the place again but will NOT have Anna as my waitress.The pizza and the greek salad were awesome.   I do love the table coverings.  The kids had fun.  The restaurant and restrooms are clean!My main entree was delicious, but they bring your side salad out on your main plate next to all the hot food. Very bad call, I want my salad before my meal and on a cold plate. Then they screwed up our check.We had lunch here today. The iced tea was very fresh and the wait staff were all friendly and personable but otherwise it was just OK. I had a cup of what they called corn and crab bisque which is just corn soup, asd a Caesar salad with grilled shrimp. The Half iceberg, half romaine was sopping wet from water, not the blah bottled dressing. My husband had the Italian sandwich. Never dreamed he'd have to say "hold the mayo" on an Italian sub! Really?! Salami and mayo!?AWWW man, this place was delicious! I had half of an eggplant sandwich, a side Cesar salad, and a cup of crab and corn bisque. It was AWESOME. Fresh, and just the right amount of flavor without lacking or being too much. I'll definitely return to this place if I'm in the Franklin Avenue area!Had the flatbread. Expertly cooked and very tasty. Good crisp bread with a mice finish on the cheese. Service was great as well. I wanted to order 1 of everything but, couldn't. A very nice atmosphere as well. Highly recommended.Solid Italian dining option. Only Italian option in the immediate area. Ambience is good and have always had good service.We spend a lot of time eating at this restaurant which should tell everyone we like it. I hadn't eaten anything there yet that wasn't delicious. Salads are fresh, food arrives at a reasonable time and hot if it's suppose to be. The Italian Special sandwich is to die for. The bread used on the sandwiches are made fresh at the location from what I understand so it doesn't get any better than that. The place is not so crowded that we can't be seated each time we go, which pretty much leads me to hesitate giving it a good revue simply because we'd rather a lot of people don't know about it. Oh well, I did it anyway, hopefully people won't be knocking the doors down to get in and we can continue enjoying our excellent dining experience. No, I'm not related to anyone there, the food is simply delicious and the prices are reasonable. After reading the revues with 5 stars I totally agree with each one. The ones who leave less stars, well I hope they never come back because there's something wrong with them if they weren't completely satisfied with the food or the service.The service here is beyond terrible. The food is okay. My family and I were eating the waitress had a full conversation with another patron while our food gotcold. When she finally brought the food and asked how Is the food we stated we didn't have utensils or napkins. She walked off to go get them and came back and told us next we need to speak to her with less attitude. I dint know who the he'll she thinks she is but my money spends like anyone else's. Needless to say I will never come back if this is the treatment you receive.I have eaten here on several occasions. My very first visit here was in August 2011, soon after I moved to New Orleans to go to the University of New Orleans, which is right down the street. The number of places to eat in the area has remained about the same. Which is to say, there isn't much in this area. This is in an L-shaped strip mall, at one end, the other end being the grocery store Rouses. I saw this restaurant my first trip to Rouses. Parking can be difficult, a smallish lot that can be a madhouse on the weekends due to the grocery store. Businesses have come in and out of the other 3 storefronts. Every time I have come, there have only ever been a handful of people, whether at lunch or dinner time, on various days.
The food is a bit overpriced in my opinion. It is decent food, just the quality and the portions aren't up to the price. There is patio seating that is not covered. I have had the ravioli, the lasagne, the spaghetti. I'm just not a complete fan. The wait staff is indifferent and I suspect have been drinking. Probably out of boredom.Service sucks. Told the server our order multiple times to make sure she got our order right, she said the order back and confirmed it. However our order when it came out was incorrect. When we tried informing that it was incorrect, just to inform her and not to get anything more, she had the worst attitude ever. What's worse is they automatically charge 20% gratuity, so such a disrespectful experience.I go to East of Italy Friday's during lunch and the food has always been outstanding. I usually order spaghetti, which comes with Cesar Salad and a bread stick, is enough to fill me and since I have a limited time it is close to work and makes it very convenient. The spaghetti and on occasion Veal Parmesan or Fettuccine Alfredo is always served hot and delicious. Anna serves me the most but all the servers have been very polite and friendly. The restaurant is clean and nice. Definitely recommend East of Italy.The atmosphere here is very relaxing and clean, with inside tables, bar, or outside seating available. Tonight we started with Stuffed Eggplant appetizer and breadsticks, both were delicious. We also ordered pasta dishes, again they were delicious!! My 8 year old chose an alfredo pasta off the children's menu, she can be picky but enjoyed the dish. We all liked the fresh, warm bread that came with the meals. Our waitress was kind and checked on us several times. We would have tried the desserts but we were much too full.Great lunch spot. Many healthy options. Very consistent and an all around great place.I bought the shrimp eggplant and was very disappointed with the serving size. Italian food is known for being hearty, but this definitely was not. Not sure if it's because I ordered it to go but something such as portion size should be consistent.We LOVE this place!
Eat outside or in. Pizza or pasta. We intentionally try something new each time but do a repeat as well to test consistency. Fantastico!!!
Mediterranean humus = A+
Portabello di Angelina =A+
Meatballs so  tasty and  the spinach manicotti is to die for.
A hidden treasure near UNO.So this place isn't bad, but it's not the bomb.com either. I have a pretty high salt intake tolerance but I reached my limit with this place. I ordered the Cajun Crawfish which seems popular on yelp and if comes with Caesar salad and breadsticks. Boyfriend got the lunch special (muffuletta & garlic/Parmesan fries). So I was eating my salad when I realized it doesn't taste like Caesar salad at all. So I dip my fork in the dressing and tasted it without the lettuce. It was intensely garlicky. So my salad was too salty to finish so I put it aside and then my pasta came out with bread sticks. Took a bite of my pasta, and realized it's just as salty too. 
Don't get me wrong, it's good once I consumed some water and got use to it. I still couldn't finish it but I made sure I ate all the crawfish bits though (which was a lot by the way). I couldn't even look at my bf's fries dusted in garlic and Parmesan. My waiter was very pleasant so I tipped her and went on my way.
Overall. I say it's too salty for me to return but there's definitely some flavor and friendly service in this cute little Italian restaurant.I went here for my date and passed up the place we originally intended to go. I was amazed by how beautiful it was inside, like i had stepped from a parking lot like any other right into italy. The food was fantastic, it didnt take long to come out, everything was from fresh, and the ambiance was perfect for a romantic date. Ahead at the top of the restaurant there was a bar so this would be great for casual occaisions too.
My only complaint is the music. I know its traditional for new orleans to play jazz everywhere, but it dampered the experience of "stepping intol italy." One other problem is the location. It would have made a much more beautiful lakefront restaurant so you can see the water and the sun over it through the windows. Instead you get a 'lovely' view of the supermarkets parking lot.
Definetly coming back here!As an Italian American who lived in Italy, this place has the best Italian food I have had in America.  Truly a hidden gem.  I get the basic spaghetti and meatballs at every Italian restaurant so I have a standard of measurement, and this is by far the best I have tried. 
The atmosphere is basic. Nothing fancy, but the food is perfect.  I'm looking forward to going back.Tough to get a good read on this place. Went for lunch. It was completely empty. Nice interior, everything was clean. Not much atmosphere... terrible adult contemporary, instrumental music was playing the entire time. The server was very good, though. 
I had the Chicken Parmesan entree, which came with a good-sized salad. The chicken was grilled and unbreaded and served with a very large amount of pasta. Wasn't terrible but wasn't great, either.   If you are thinking about this place, I'd suggest Two Tony's instead.Absolutely, love this place every meal I've had has been a pleasure  and the service is amazingThe food is overpriced since they "updated" their menu. The food is decent. The owners are not good people, they don't value their employees. I was a normal customer but after finding out the internal structure of the company I wonever go back again!I have eaten here so many times for lunch. I went today with a colleague. They have a terrific lunch special for $9.99 where you can choose two items such as different salads, soup of the day, half sandwiches, fries, etc. They also have a bunch of other things for that price on the lunch special. 
I've had many different things and they were all really good. Today, I had 
 potato soup and the Luau salad which comes with spinach, romaine, raisins, strawberries, pineapple, and a few other things. It is really good.  I also enjoy the Strawberry Fields salad. 
The service here during lunchtime is quite accommodating. You can order, eat, and enjoy your meal and not be pressed for time. They are really quick and friendly.  
They have a bar and what appears to be a decent selection of things to drink although I've never had an alcoholic beverage here since I'm only ever here for lunch. 
Nice decor, and they even have patio dining. Also, plenty of parking.Came here several times for a pick up/to-go order. The last time I actually sat and ate in was the worst. 
It was not busy at all, on a Sunday evening, but there was barely any employees. Maybe a total of four. We ordered and the waitress attended to us without too long of a wait. There was some confusion on some dishes and I even had to return my plate when it was requested without cheese yet topped full of cheese. It had to be remedied twice! They scrapped off the cheese and added extra sauce. Unacceptable!! Had I had an allergy, I could have gotten sick. It took a long time for all the plates to arrive, especially my re-cooked plate. Another plate had to be returned due to the wrong pasta on the plate, and some pork chops were burned. 
The bartender (1 lady) had to go assist with some orders in the kitchen. 
Not sure what happened with the staff but it wasn't an enjoyable dining experience at all. Food wasn't bad hence the two starts but service was terrible.Food was very yummy
My girl surprised me with the vegetarian lasagna and pasta. 
I really forget about this place. There are not many near my house that you can eat and run or to go food. 
I highly recommend anything on the menu that you see you like.Food is pretty good but the waitress was rude. I picked up a to go order and she did not include an item I ordered  she seemed more bothered by me asking for it than I was missing it she gave me the biggest eye roll so for those reasons I'd dine elsewhereCame from California and at here on a Monday afternoon. The food was really good (we had the Cheese bread, meatball sandwich and veggie pizza) and the server was very attentive. Thank you!This wasn't my favorite and it's likely I'll never eat here again. I ordered the fettuccini alfredo with shirimp ($4.95 extra). It came with just 7 shrimp which, being close to the Gulf of Mexico, did not impress me in size or flavor. The salad were served on the same plate as my entree instead of coming before the meal or on the side of the meal which polluted the taste of the entree itself. Service was not great as most of us sat with an empty glass for several minutes and we were mever asked how we were or if we needed anything. The only thing saving this from 1 star is the portion size of the pasta itself (not talking about the extra shrimp). If you're going there, go at lunch when they have specials. 9/10 I won't be returning.Had the chicken parm sandwich for a graduation lunch. It was a nice quite place. The parmesan garlic fries were good. The bread was a lot for me.My SO and I came here for dinner recently, and we thoroughly enjoyed it!
We started with the spinach dip; then I had the spaghetti and meatballs and she had the chicken parm.  The spinach dip was very good and was served with seasoned flatbread, which was decently good.  The entrees came with a salad and bread.  The salad was pretty meh.  The dressing had a slightly odd flavor, but it wasn't terrible.  My SO opted for extra bread in lieu of the salad - a smart decision.  The spaghetti and meatballs were delicious.  The spaghetti was cooked well, the sauce was great, and the meatballs were very good.  The chicken parm was also pretty good.  The chicken wasn't breaded, which was fine; and was seasoned and cooked pretty well.
The service was decently quick and very friendly.  We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and will definitely be back soon!First of all, let's put the salad rumors to rest. The side Caesar salad that comes with the entrée doesn't actually taste bad...it would have to taste like something before it could taste bad. The dressing is quite bland, it was basically like eating wet lettuce with parmesan cheese on it.
That being said, the Buffalo mozzarella and tomato appetizer was quite good. The balsamic vinaigrette was a little too thick for my liking. 
The rigatoni salsiccia I ordered was on point. The Italian sausage was cooked well, and the marinara wasn't runny. It was actually quite good. The breadsticks that come with the entrées is delicious. It's a Flatbread with garlic and parmesan baked onto it. 
For the amount of food, and quality of taste, the price isn't too bad. The overall atmosphere seemed to make me feel underdressed, but it is actually nice casual dining. It feels almost as if they're trying to be higher tier, but they forget that they are actually in a strip mall. 
Overall, it was good food, decent prices, with a lacking salad.Their sandwiches ROCK!!! I was initially sold on the chicken parm sandwich, wouldn't get anything else, but then my coworker got the avocado sandwich & dear god, my mouth is watering as I type this. And the skinny fries!! Don't even get me started on the skinny fries.. I love this place, even if it's actually west of Italy.The BEST Italian sandwich in the world .....hands down.  Fresh baked bread, hot melted cheese, slightly scorched meat, OMG just ate lunch there could go back right now for dinner.The food was good. We ordered coffee with our dinner and when we asked for refills, we were told by the server and the manager that they would not make another pot of coffee. While this may seem petty, the coffee is a menu item and I'm pretty certain that our $6.00 (for 2 coffees) more than covered the cost of a pot. This is a customer service issue in a food city. The staff was neither cordial or apologetic. If customer service is important to you, think twice before dining here.I was a little sceptical at first because there were no Italians to be found working here and just like I'd be skeptical of Italians making Chinese food, I was a little worried. I got the supreme pizza and it was awesome! Get some butter garlic sauce to dunk your pizza in also. Delicious! The young Asian girl who took my order was super friendly and helpful. The restaurant is very clean and newer. I did see a very mean looking and acting Asian lady in the back barking orders at the staff lolThe garlic cheeses bread was wonderful! Service was very attentive. My crawfish pasta was good little oily but yummy! My son ordered plain and dry spaghetti with chicken but they put butter on it so the super picky eater didn't eat much. Hubby's lobster ravioli was really good. We'd eat here often if we lived near by.I have visited East of Italy three times. The  menu is great. I've tried the shrimp plate , chicken plate , calamari , and  all were good. I tried the pesto flat bread 3 times and it was a soggy mess. It really turned me off for what I thought was a great place to eat. They really should monitor the server staff. They are not welcoming and their attitudes are dry, not the male servers but the females. No smiles . That's sad to have such a lovely place with such dry attitudes. Check your calamari order, there's a I had a few freshly fried on top and the rest left over from lunch. Get with it Y'all. 
"MO"The stated closing hours are at 8:00.This is not the first time that I have arrived with plenty of time to meet the closing hours but have been told the kitchen is closed. The food is mediocre at best so you could just stay home and eat Cisco food at any other restaurant.Arriving at 7:22 for an 8:00 closing time and being told the kitchen closes is not very good business and there were five seated tables in the restaurant at the time including a large party. A single man in a walker shouldn't have been too hard to accommodate. I normally don't post to online review size because I work in the service industry but this is an absolutely horrid example of what happens when you have no management or ownership in your restaurant and the decisions are made poorly.Except for its location, this is a PERFECT place for lunch.  They have great lunch pricing and a number of healthier options to eat from, soups, salads, and wraps.  Both salads I have had from there were fresh, delicious and great portions.
We have also eaten there before for dinner but the options are a lot less healthy (pizza, pastas, fried options).  That being said, if you are willing to do the work in the gym, the bread is so delicious on the pizzas.  Just a light crisp on the outside and doughy inside with a slight garlic butter aftertaste.  The topping options are pretty good as well.  We have had the crawfish pizza which was yummy except that the crawfish are really an afterthought and not fully integrated into the pizza.  
The service is generally great but its a bunch of teenage girls so I noticed they are a little more focused mid day versus the end of the day.  Also I think they have bocce ball there but I have never seen anyone playing.Have I found my favorite pizza place???  The staff was exceptionally courteous, ordering was a breeze, and the location itself was very welcoming (open floor plan with bench outside).  The pizza toppings are cut thick and seem to be fresh, unlike uniform meat ingredients.  The crust is not too thin, not too thick.  When you bite in, you get that great mozerrella flavor.  Am i in love?  So far, I may just be...My coworker and I stopped by for lunch.  The good:  outdoor seating, lunch specials ... that's about it.
We both ordered the 1/2 sandwich, small salad special.  I ordered the avocado sandwich no feta and the strawberry salad no cheese with strawberry vinaigrette.  My coworker ordered the Italian sandwich and Italian salad and Italian dressing. The good about the food:  both salads had fresh ingredients, good portion size and the dressings were good.  The bad:  both sandwiches.  The bread had potential but was so bombarded with fat and grease that you couldn't get a true feeling for it.  My avocado sandwich consisted of avocado mozzarella cheese (which wasn't advertised nor did the sever mention it when I asked for no feta) -- so here you fat upon fat.  No seasoning on the avocado and the only other thing on the sandwich besides both the flavorless avocado and the mild not wanted cheese was a half of tomato.  My coworkers sandwich did fare much better.  Even though there were a number of Italian meats, there was no seasoning added, it to had mozzarella and when she bit into it, it was dripping grease.  Just yuck.
Service was ok.This little hidden gem near The Lakefront was surprisingly fabulous. There's a full bar with eat-in or take-out. Eating in- several booths, tables inside and dining outside.
The menu ranges from Pizza to seafood dishes. Almost all come with a salad. I can't speak on the desserts only because I have yet to get pass the dinner portions.
The time that the dishes arrive are decent and warm tho' some say the salad dressing is a little heavy(bring it on!).This restaurant is very close to my alma mater, The University of New Orleans so I went pretty regularly! I really loved their entrees and lunch deals! The lasagna and fish are two of my favoritesI'm really torn on this rating, I wish there was a 3 1/2. I love the food here - they have lots of vegetarian options and everything I've tried has been delicious. Nice atmosphere, pretty casual. Unfortunately, most of my experiences here have been mediocre to poor in terms of service, so I can't go higher than the 3. Sorry, y'all.Decent place to get a bite of Italian food (although the name geographically makes no sense).Yup delicious! I get the garlic shrimp pizza every time. Never greasy, never too much or too little of any ingredients. Just right. Good job!