You're in New Orleans. It's 2:30 in the morning and you're in your hotel room, starving. What to do? Uber Eats and Easy Pizza to the rescue! 
We didn't want anything fancy. Sometimes the simplest things are the best. A piping hot,
cheesy, delicious pepperoni pizza was delivered quickly, and two of us devoured it. It was SO. DANG. GOOD. 
Seriously. I had my doubts. I mean just the other night we went to IHOP at around the same time, and it was not a fun time.
So. If you're on the fence about this place for whatever reason, just do it! You won't be disappointed.We had an amazing thanksgiving feast early in the day. Once we all recovered, the house was divided between pizza and Chinese.  We took the pizza side and ordered. The pizza arrived within an hour as promised and well worth the wait. The crust was well cooked and not soggy. The topping were generous and high quality. We were indeed thankful for our choice !!Ordered a large meat lovers pizza that was great but i also got wings which were extremely burnt and almost inedible. Will come for pizza again but will stay away from wingsDelicious pizza...had the big easy and san Francisco in one.  If you have to pick one, I'd say the Big easy was more my favorite.  Delivery was prompt, the person who took my order and the delivery boy were very polite.  Bless the poor delivery boy ago had to deliver to us in pouring rain...you guys really went out of your way!!Great pepperoni breadsticks! The big easy pizza was pretty good as well. Can't beat the hours and delivery on the weekend!Ordered from this place as it was recommended by hotel staff. I was not disappointed, the guy over the phone was very nice and he delivered our pizza quick! The pizza was warm and very cheesy!! The pepperonis were crispy at the tips just the way I like them! The best part was they delivered to our hotel, you will not go wrong with them!!Cheese pizza with a thick crust, good enough to satisfy my craving. Delivered hot, 20 minutes ahead of schedule, and they use a company phone to communicate with the customer. I received a confirmation email with the time of delivery.  He called a minute or so before he got there and when he was waiting in the lobby.  Also got the cheese sticks, definitely cheesy but needs a little extra flavor. The tomato dipping sauce helped a bit. Make sure you ask for any sides you may need. I forgot to mention it and it didn't come with any parmesan, pepper flakes, or ranch.Solid pizza. Good crust, plenty of cheese, tons of toppings on the supreme pizza. Delivery was prompt and also the only place open late on a Monday night.Easy pizza is a group of morons. They accept orders with no intention of delivering them.I've had better, I've probably had worse.  It was getting late and I didn't have a lot of options for delivery to the hotel, so I went with Easy Pizza.  It served the purpose of nourishment, I think.  It wasn't the most enjoyable pizza I've had, and we ended up throwing away about half of it, but if you're afraid you might keel over from hunger, go ahead and give it a try.
Delivery guy wasn't the most friendly, and seemed annoyed to have to deliver pizza to the lobby of a hotel.  
I'd order again if I were desperate.Ordered the big easy pizza for delivery and was overall pleased. Got it to me ahead of schedule, and the pizza itself was delicious. Definitely would recommendThey had me at delivery but then they went and made an amazing pizza and had it here in minutes. Definitely request the Buffalo sauce.Just ordered, via Uber eats, to Ochsner Baptist. Pizza was hot and delicious; arrived about 15 minutes after I ordered it. (Only a few blocks away.) will definitely order again.This place was amazing. The pizza was delicious and was delivered much quicker than estimated. We ordered delivery in Mid-City. Will definitely eat there again!We ordered food late and the estimated time was 30 mins, it ended up taking an hour and 20 mins 
Food was mediocreA supreme loaded pizza ,Great crust ,good value , I highly recommend .it was so good it was delivered to our hotel hot and ready!! They have coupons.the delivery guy was nice .
Delivery after midnightDo not order late at night. Ordered on grubhub, $40 dollars for a medium pizza and calzone. Hour and a half wait, and the pizza isn't even what I ordered. I called the restaurant and was placed on hold for 10 minutes listening to all the restaurant background noise of workers yelling at each other. I hung up and called back at least 5 times before someone answered again. Finally said he would send the correct pizza, but it would be a 2 hour delay. Pizza never came. 
I really don't think this restaurant is equipped to handle the volume of orders it is acquiring. Would never order from them again.Good and Fresh in a way no big chain pizza could ever be! Great Customer Service and they deliver to my community.The food is ok. But when I order from you and you charge me for something I didn't even receive, sorry but you're a sketchy business.The restaurant is located in the back of a gas station, and there's no sign to indicate that you're in the right place. It's not hard to not expect much from gas station pizza, but I encourage you to go hungry instead of eating pizza from here. Nothing about their pizzas taste fresh or like real food.We ordered pizza last night and they never delivered it, but still charged the credit card. They literally stole our money.Ordered an antipasto salad. It was very underwhelming. It had no cheese and one piece of ham cut up on it. Ranch dressing wasn't good either! Lesson learned I guess.No.  I ordered online. There was no connection between the pizza I order and what I received other than they were both circular, included cheese and red sauce.Our pizza never came.  Don't waste your time.  Save your money.  Order from literally anywhere else.  Or just go bed.  Any of these are better choices than ordering from "Easy" Pizza.This is the best, most consistent pizza we've had in New Orleans.  We have tried ALL the others !  This is a small local business, and they beat the major chains hands down.  We have ordered at least a dozen times now, and every single time we have been pleased.  We always order late night.  The quality is consistently excellent and so is the service.  Fresh, hot, substantial homemade crust and loaded with fresh toppings.  Always delivered promptly and courteously.  The drivers phone when they reach your door.  The prices are super reasonable.  We have ordered through Slice and directly by phone, and have had the same great experience both ways.We got this delivered to our hotel at 1am after going to a concert. We were too tired to go out and get food. We ordered and it didn't take long at all! It was soo good and cheesy! We got sausage, pepperoni and extra cheese. We would order again in the future when we visit.I wish I didn't have to give a star to give a rating. My boyfriend orders from here off and on. It's not super awesome but when it's after midnight and you are hungry it's your best bet. Well, tried to order from this place last night. Just don't. Save yourself the time wasted to find another place that wants your business. My boyfriend called and asked a question about the wings and the guy apparently has really crappy phone service because we couldn't understand a word he said. When I got on the phone to ask a question after my boyfriend was furious, I said "hello" really loud for 3 mins until I heard a click. Tried to call back and no one answered. So these good reviews, they have to be getting the better shift because the late night shift are complete and rude jerks. Save money and time and just order somewhere else in the evening. Ubereats would be better than messing with these people.Great job on the pizza, boys said the Meat Lover's was delicious!!  Unfortunately the pizza my husband and I never arrived with our delivery so we split the house salad (just okay) and the cheesy bread (soooo good!). I called to let them know of their mess up and they rectified the situation after a couple of phone calls.  Thank you!Totally not a good place to get pizza for $47 for a 1 topping large pizza and a small cheese pizza with two waters and a soda the pizza was dry and had no flavor whatsoever most of the pizza came with Little cheese and mostly all bread was really disappointing not even good pesto sauce to really at least sell that pizza.... but it was not worth it see the attached picture.Ordered a pizza for delivery and they never showed up or tried calling me. They did charge my card which is wonderful. Calling in the morning to get a refund but I'm not happy at all right now. I don't recommend this place if you want reliable food.We were in NO for a night and ordered a large pizza, Pasta and a 2 liter soda... well they forgot the soda and still charged us for it!!!! BUTTTTT... he came back and brought us our soda. He gets kudos for that! 
The pizza was good!  My picky 2 year old ate two slices - which is an improvement from the one slice he usually eats from dominoes. 
The pasta was good, it wasn't a 5 star restaurant but it was flavorful and still warm when we received it.  I would definitely order again.  Thanks!Good pizza and wings.  Late night hours are convenient.  Try the chicken, pesto, feta with spinachIt was 1 am and and were starving staying at Harrahs and due to covid no room service. We called Easy pizza and they were right on it . They delivered 2 hot delicious pizzas to our hotel lobby. Highly recommendNot Easy, No Pizza. Ordered online and paid. Was confirmed and told it would arrive in about 40 min. An hour later, we called, were asked to confirm the address and order. After a lot of time holding, they said their ovens weren't working and they would have another location make and deliver the pizza in 20min. Okay. 10 min later, a call from Vieux Carre pizza (??) who said they got our order but can't deliver because we're too far away. Uh, didn't order from them so that tracks as we were uptown. So we asked them if we would be refunded and they said we had to call the slice app (didn't order through them). Anyway, finally had to call and cancel and the original guy explained that they don't deliver to our address. That would have been good info to know at the front end. Probably won't try them again. 
Believe the poor service reviews. 
Best of luck if you order.
5 min later we ordered from Mid City Pizza and 20 min later had a delicious Pizza. So easy!!I absolutely love this place . Great service and good pizza ,so delicious. Friendly people here too and fast delivery . Never been disappointed. I recommend it .We ordered from them three nights in a row while staying in New Orleans they were amazingTerrible customer service. I understand pizza gets busy I SUPERVISE IN A PIZZA RESTAURANT. But you have to adjust promise times, call people when food is late. COMMUNICATE. Not get in arguments with your customers. I called asking about my order that was half an hour late and get told that they're closed while I'm mid sentence. He goes to hang up as I try to explain I already ordered. We talk longer and he says my pizza is coming out and will be only 20 more minutes and I say that's not going to work for my timeline, as I'd already waited an hour and a half and needed to get to sleep. He says too bad I have to take it and he refuses to cancel the order for me. After arguing for awhile he continues saying won't refund me, won't tell me his name, says there is no managers to speak to in shop, and refused to tell me when there would be. After this he yells at me saying he'll cancel the damn order and slams the phone. This is by far the worst customer service I've ever had from a delivery restaurant.We are staying at The Roosevelt Hotel and we were starving around 12am! I read several reviews about pizza places never delivering orders, but EASY PIZZA DID NOT LET ME DOWN! My large pizza came in less than 30 minutes and was still piping hot! I love this place and will definitely be ordering again! Thank you for your loyalty, you now have mine!Visiting form out of town, we ordered the supreme pizza and it was delicious!!! Delivery was prompt. Will definitely will order again!!!Excellent experience! Late night order on a Friday and it was on par (wings and cheese cake) arrived early and followed order notes! Will so order again and happily surprised!I ordered a Large supreme pizza that had a mountain full of topings. The delivery was placed at 1:30am on a Sunday night, approximately 40 minutes later it was delivered to my door. The delivery man was funny and cool, and the pizza was hot and fluffy. I have tried many pizza restraunts and this one is definitely top 5. Sadly though I didn't have much money to tip the driver. 
Thanks for the pizza and next time I get a delivery I'm going to make sure I have a nice tip waiting :)Order delivery every payed 4$ tip driver wouldn't even bring my order up to the room that I put on the order I have 3 toddlers 1 was sleep so I had to wake them up get them dressed to go get an order that was suppose to be delivered to meThis is great pizza , hot and  so delicious . Super tasty and flavorful crust and the  sauce was so good  . Friendly people here too and fast deliveryI really am picky when it comes down to pizza 
This pizza is amazing you can taste the sauce
 and the cheese with every bite pure perfection I really RECOMMEND the meat lovers with extra sauce overall probably the best pizza I had In the city and they deliver too !!!!I've been trying to order from local places, money is tight for everyone and when I ordered from here my autocorrect changed the address zip so the food was delivered to a different address. I called, the driver hung up on me. I called the store and the guy was EXTREMELY rude saying I needed to go through the site I ordered from instead of him. I told him about the autocorrect and he repeated what I had already said. There was zero desire to try and figure out a way to make this situation work instead it was just gruff rudeness. Never again. Goodbye 50$ hope it severs this company well before they go under for horrible customer service.There are now other (better) late night options. Pretty terrible pizza and somehow still extremely expensive. Plenty of other places are now open late night and I would suggest calling somewhere else. The pizzas are always rock hard with 85% bread and 15% frozen toppings.Ordered a pizza late night through Postmates and it was seriously DELICIOUS. My boyfriend and I couldn't stop thinking about it so we ordered it again few days later plus the wings appetizer. Pizza was so yummy again and the wings were perfect. Crisp and the buffalo saw was so good we ended up dipping our crust then just pouring it on top of the pizza. Only ordering pizza from this place in the future.awful service. i ordered this pizza over ubereats and ordered chicken wings. i called and asked and they refused to send and told me i never ordered them when on the app it said i paid for them. when i asked for them to hold on while i checked the app he told me 'okay' and hung up on me after 
the pizza however, is amazing so 3 starsGreat pizza in New Orleans. I ordered deliver a few weeks ago and it took about 1 hour. They were very busy. Pizza arrived hot and just as promised. The driver forgot to bring BBQ sauce, but he came back in about thirty minutes with an extra BBQ sauce and a free order of garlic bread. 
Prices are pretty reasonable and expected they aren't super cheap but that is what to expect with higher quality pizzerias. 
I ordered the meat lovers. I think it had pepperoni, sausage, and Canadian bacon.Would give a 0 if I could. Took over 2 hours to finally get our pizza. When the delivery man came to the hotel, he claimed we didn't pay, but we paid online two hours ago. He then ordered that we come back down to pay. We brought our online receipt to show him. He made us call the manager ourselves only to find out that we did indeed pay online. As he walked out of the hotel he said "Well you guys shouldn't order shit on Mardi Gras." Would never recommend you get food from here. Not reliable and rude people.Over all good pizza, quick delivery.... Probably won't order again, crust was too much for me.. Not enough sauce..My pops just moved here about a month ago.  We both grew up in NY, and although this is not NY style pizza, it was very good.  And the cheesecake is outstanding.   I also love me a good cannoli l, and this was the best I've had in New Orleans.   This place is a hidden gem, nice way to spend a Friday night in quarantine.It took them 75 minutes to make one pizza in the middle of the afternoon to deliver 1 pizza. They told me 3 different times that the pizza was on the way. Do NOT order from this place.Should be 3.5 stars!!
I ordered delivery because it's Mardi Gras season, I was tired and/or lazy and because I found somewhere that delivers...it was really because I was in study beast mode.  Anyhoo ordered small pizza and meatball sub.  Service was super fast  (4-stars). The pizza was really hot and actually quite tasty --- call me shocked--just didn't expect a place called easy pizza to have anything above a Little Caesars taste/quality --  but they did.  Brought their Easy A game (pizza 4 stars).  Now their meatball sub...pretty sure they had the little caesar dude make that.  It was dry and flavorless.  Pretty sure it had synthetic cheese  on it (sub 2 stars).Pizza and calzone just isn't very good.   Whatever you do, don't go there to pick it up!  I've lived in plenty of truly dangerous places in my lifetime, but I can't think any situation in which I was more certain of impending robbery, carjacking, or getting shot than waiting in that parking lot for our order to get done!   Seriously!Ordered thru Uber Eats some Easy Pizza for pickup. They are not in the best location - inside the back of a gas station, but the pizza and garlic bread we picked up here absolutely rocked.  
Our pizza was fresh and hot out of the oven with a nice thick crust and was made exactly as we ordered with chicken and spinach and more than satisfied us.  The garlic bread was the way we liked it with enough garlic to kill a vampire with generous portions.