Went on a Saturday night- There were no people except for the three tables purchased. Our server never came back to check on us and the dj took no requests even though the place was dead. From 12-1 they also played nothing but slow jams which is not hype.A huge let down.  Should be called "Awful Society".  I almost tripped over a garden hose, before I got to the stairs.  The stairs were wrapped in old, dirty carpet.  The front door had more greasy fingerprints than a daycare center, and the lighting - OMG.  It was like the lighting had multiple personalities.  I had a $12 cocktail that made me sick to my stomach. The food was mediocre, to say the least.  We were never offered water, nor did the bartenders offer additional drinks when we were obviously finished with our initial drinks.  Disappointing.  The music was good, but the acoustics were not the best.  I don't understand the "Lord Of The Rings" chair, at the head of the main dining table.  I do know there's a matching table at an Asian nail spa in Metairie!  The multiple signs for "Valet Parking Only" scream "desperation!  
This location has the potential to be great, but it's not.  :(I've been to Eiffel Society twice and have been pleasantly surprised both times. The first time was for an SPCA benefit. We were able to bring along our dog and I'm a fan of any place that allows dog events. The drinks are good if not the same caliber that you would find a Cure for the same price. The second time, my friend and I used a Groupon for dinner and I really didn't know what to expect for the food. They serve small plates so we tried at least 5-6 dishes including desert and everything was delicious, particularly the chicken and waffles and tostones with pork. These chicken and waffles were not to heavy and had a delicate combination of flavors and textures somehow. We enjoyed our meal even though the atmosphere was not what I usually enjoy for dinner. A DJ played music in front of a large screen which was showing a very strange black and white movie. It was also very dark but not very romantic with the strange movie. The waiter was very prompt and helpful.Bottom line: I'll return & recommend it to friends.
I dined with a friend Wed 2-09-11; we arrived @ 9:15.  To begin with, customer service was excellent, & there's complimentary valet parking.  Cool light installation in the elevator.   Speakeasy meets scary warehouse meets art type of deal.  It was Salsa Night, plenty of people dancing to live music; it was too loud, but we were assurred that wld b corrected by the following week.
Merlot: tasty, tad expensive @ $9 a glass
Lump Crab Deviled Eggs: filling ok, too much flavorless egg white- better once I found the vinegary dressing on the greens underneath & used it to boost the filling & egg white "vessel"
Everything went Uphill from there
Poached Shrimp: yummy!  Cooked to perfect doneness  Asian inspired w/ a chili lime vinaigrette & crispy leek garnish
Lumpias: warm, crispy, good filling  Vinegar pepper sauce was perfect foil, even better when mixed w/ mango mae ploy that was also served
Plantain Tostones w/ Smoked Pork: tostones crunchy & slightly sweet (actually a just a TAD thicker wld hv given more soft inside) w/ awesome moist, smokey pulled pork   The pickled onions set it off nicely, the queso fresco cld hv been left off or subbed w/ a more assertive, but still creamy cheese   Goat cheese maybe?
These are all nitpicky comments, but I wanted to b thorough   The food was quite tasty!I can't comment on the food as we went to the "after hours" dancing on saturday night.  It was about as cool as a middle school dance.  We showed up around 11 and not a single person was dancing...except for us.  So, everyone just watched us dance until around 1am when people seemed drunk enough to begin enjoying themselves and start dancing on their own accord.  While one of the bartenders knew her stuff and was quick, the other one had no clue and took forever to make drinks.  After three drinks and the $10 cover, I ended up spending about $60 for the night.Complimentary valet   beautiful decor  great dj on a saturday night  ladies no cover and first drink free!  Very cool place  late night foodI've been to the Eiffel Society numerous times for different types of events and all have been fantastic.  This is my favorite event space in all of New Orleans.  I held an event here for my charity and it was a wild success.  The space is absolutely perfect with a multipurpose space that can be set up for all types of events.  The kings table, one of many unique art pieces and practical centrally placed table was perfect for our catering spread. The staff and management are incredibly professional and friendly.  There is ample parking with a great valet team.  The stage, green room, audio, lighting, and VIP areas are set up in such a way to make for an easy to produce event.  Most importantly, our guests raved about how gorgeous the venue is.  I can't recommend The Eiffel Society enough.Save your $$$! Definitely NOT worth the $20. I should've known something was up when people were walking in then turning around to go out. got there a lil after 1am and it was LAME! the DJ was good but again I could've listen for free from the ramp walk-up and and saved my $ cause for the $20 I stayed 20 minutes! SO if you want to see the usual spandex dress and high heels and lame ass dudes is polo's and fake chains, by all means waste your money..lolVery nice venue on historic St. Charles Ave. for any event.Uh-mazing!! I was here for a bach party one night and my friends and I shared a few entrees and EVERYTHING we ordered was beyond delicious and cheap!! We ordered the hanger steak, quail, and plantains with pork on it. The steak was melt in your mouth perfect! The quail was amazing with the coconut rice. And the pork plantains were so good that I was literally scraping the plate, that and I love pickled veggies (it was the garnish)!! I definitely could go for some yummy steak right now and I haven't even had my breakfast yet :-(This space is beautiful. 
I came for a special event and was blown away by the ambience. The bar is easily accessible and the varied seating areas really make it an easy place to relax, have a bite to eat or grab a drink. 
I enjoyed my dinner and will come back again with girlfriends when i am in town.My boyfriend and I visited this club twice. Once for New Year's Eve and another for an Endymion Parade after party. I like the club mostly. The Dj was great both nights. It's very hard to find an urban club in New Orleans that doesn't only play bounce music all night. It's seriously aggravating. 
Pros:
Great atmosphere
Safe club location
Moderately clean
Great decor for a venue so abstract
Good mixture of music 
Cons:
The bathroom attendant. You can't get soap or paper towels without her giving it to you. This is not a huge Con but at most places the attendant isn't holding the soap and paper towels hostage. They're usually just there for extras like perfume, extra comb, lady necessities, etc. 
The bartenders are HORRIBLE. I mean can't even make a basic drink like a margarita horrible. I don't know what the hell I was served. Might as well been a salty lemonade. I swear they must've just asked, "Can you combine multiple liquids in a cup? ALRIGHT, You got the job!" I had to explain how to make a drink to my bartender. 
Not to mention they chat up their friends and are ridiculously slow. I only wanted a sprite after a long night and couldn't even get that. I guess she assumed I wouldn't tip for soda, so I flagged down another bartender, got my soda for free, and tipped him $5 and told him to tell her that she shouldn't overlook anyone just because of their drink order. 
The only thing I would say truly sucks about this club is the bar team. Honestly it's a great club. But then again I haven't been to Metro yet so this review could possibly change....I would give 0 stars if I could. The dance areas and bar themselves are fairly standard, not amazing, not bad. However, the bouncers here are atrocious. They will pat you down and assume you are an armed criminal until you prove otherwise. Additionally, they are rude and pushy. Once you're inside, it's a mediocre experience, but getting inside is awful, insulting, time consuming, and infuriating. The management is very out of touch. I will not come here again. Eiffel will not get my business again, and it doesn't deserve yours.This was literally the worst club experience I've ever had. I was disappointed in the service, the music and the two "Business Managers" who help operate the daily routines of the club. Myself and 13 other friends arrived in New Orleans for a 4 day vacation. We were referred to the Eiffel Society and looked at the website which stated that they had certain nights that played different genres of music. Upon arriving we asked the security guard the the cashier collecting funds about the specific music and atmosphere that was happening and we were told exactly what we wanted to hear. Upon entering the club we heard techno music, which is ok (not what we were told would be the genre for the night) and we were treated very rudely by the bartenders and waiters. After feeling that we  deceived and disrespected we asked to speak to the manager. The "Manager" walked out and proceeded to tell my group that it was not her fault that we didn't like the music OR the service. She became belligerent and even resorted to raising her voice outside of the club. The latter part of her statement seriously bothered me as customer service should always be a tops priority.  I will not be returning and caution all others to refrain from going to this establishment.Love this place -- it's absolutely gorgeous.  My Pretty Witty girls and I are doing our comedy variety show here the night before Thanksgiving and I'm super stoked.  The screen behind the stage will make it a perfect place to show our comedic shorts and I appreciate the non-smoking atmosphere (rap battling is hard enough without trying to breathe through smoke).  
Everytime I've been here the bartenders have been super nice and the food is yummy.  Definitely recommend giving this place a try if you're super classy and into a good time.I really want to like this place but was left disappointed to my dismay.  Upon entering the establishment you get a modern and fresh vibe.  Seating is somewhat awkward. Food is average to my taste but i'll break that down later on.  Upon entering we were promptly seated but the host didn't really show us to our seats but just walked us in the direction.  There are only about 10 or so small tables on the left and a large king table in the center.  Music is somewhat loud and off putting for dinner service.  The wait staff took a good 5 minutes before showing us the menu and taking our drink orders or even greeting us which I found somewhat disappointing for an establishment like this which is something they could improve on by hiring more experienced wait staff.  The menu is tapas style with small plates which I enjoy usually because it gives us a chance to try a variety of plates.  We ordered 4 items:
1:  Parmesan fries with Ketchup and sriracha aoili:  This is the dish I really wanted to try since I've heard so many things about it.   It was decent but salty.  Not something I would oooh and ahhh over..
2.  Beef empanadas:  The two salsas were an excellent compliment to the dish but the empanadas were BURNT on the edges.  I am not one to complain at restaurant so I just cut the burnt edges off and ate the rest.   The filling with seasoned will and very juicy.  
3.  Duck Leg and Pork Belly:  okay dish but a little sweet.  I've had better pork belly also (August Restaurant).
4.  Tamirand Quail with Coconut Rice:  Decent dish but not something I would order again.  I knew the tamarind quail would have some sweetness to it but wow this sweet.  The coconut rice was bland and seems a bit too watery.  
Maybe the cooking staff and the chef weren't on their game that day I went but I was left unimpressed. It seems as if they put the emphasis on the sweet instead of savory which I usually don't mind since I have a sweet tooth but the combinations were disagreeable.  I left unsatisfied to say the least.  I've had better and this wasn't it.I was actually impressed by the tapas style service. i really thought it was going to be overpriced and overrated, but that wasn't quite the case, thankfully.
came here for my cousin's birthday, and we sat at the large table that seats 17 people (wowza!). it was a dead night (Friday!) and the music (live band) was totally not what i was in to, which was some form of swing fused with jazz mixed in with some country stuck in the 80s :x well, at least the dancers provided some form of entertainment.
the pho was decent for being served the way it was, but the beef ribs totally threw me off. i l particularly liked the gulf shrimp =)
the best thing on that menu is the FRIES. nom nom nom nom!!! oh, and our server was excellent!
i liked the interior, especially the mirrored rooms by the entrance. open the door to your fantasy! lol.Booked a private party for approximately 400 people, Eiffel was incredibly accommodating and helpful, working with me to make sure that everything went smoothly. From start to finish, we felt so well taken care of and were blown away by the service they provided. Everyone was thrilled with the venue and very impressed with the entire event. They worked with me to create a custom menu, lighting and accommodated my request to bring in my own DJ, photographer, and assisted me in booking a photobooth. I will absolutely be back to book another event in the future and would recommend it for anyone searching for a private venue.It was a Awesome Saturday night. I had a VIP section, but either way it appeared everyone had a good time. The music, the DJ, and atmosphere was great. Classy and fun is how I would describe it.Up until today I thought Eiffel was a pretty cool club CONSIDERING it's New Orleans and most of the clubs are not well regulated and are too smokey. - after co collaborating with a goof friend, it was decided that we rent the VIP section for her Graduation party. The section was $350 and we rented two. Fine. It came with 2 bottles of Ciroc- blah blah. Well when we arrived, we also had food trays for our guests to be placed on the tables in the section we paid $700 for. When we arrived, the we asked the Manager Rife Whiting if we could bring the trays. He replied "no problem. Place them on your tables in your section." Somewhere between transferring the trays in and walking past him again, he said "well there's really no food policy. We've never allowed food. It's $20 per tray". Mind you, we had 5 trays in our section. I turned and said, "$700 for the section and another $100 for the trays? If there isn't a food policy, where did this fee come from?" I kid you not-- he told me, "well I'm the manager and I can make up whatever I want to when I want to and if you dont want to pay this fee you can either take your food back to your car or I will take it for you." --- at that point. The situation escalated and my friends had to calm me down. That's bogus. It's not even about the made up fee but the tone and abuse of position. That was the last time Eiffel will ever be recommended by me.Eiffel is an amazing venue! We recently held our end of the year Rugby Formal there, and from the beginning to end, they helped us out with everything. We talked to Nicole, and she and her team helped us A LOT with the price, and was able to answer all our questions and concerns throughout the whole process. We had about 70 people on our list. We called a week before the event would be held, and she made sure it was available for the desired night we wanted. She made everything run very smoothly leading up the event. The event itself was beautiful and all of the drinks were great. The staff was friendly and they allowed our team to really do what we wanted, from picking the music on our iPhones to giving speeches and awards at the end. The whole event was amazing and everyone had a great time. If you are planning a party or formal I strongly recommend calling Eiffel Society because of their friendly and very helpful staff, along with their beautiful and interesting venue! Thank you Eiffel Society!Showed up for a musical concert and the sound was terrible, just terrible. The sound man was clueless. The opening bands as well as the audience had too suffer painful sound until the main attraction, Talib Kweli, sent his personal sound guy to the board. He struggled with the inadequate sound set up and did what he could. 
There is such great music in New Orleans, much of it for free or under $10 per show.  This was a premium billing at $25 a head. While I think the artist was worth the cover charge the performance was not.
I am a former DJ and I know what should have been done but the sound guys were simply clueless. On top of the that the acoustics of the space are terrible and the the room was never tuned for live performances. This place should NEVER be used for live music. 
Avoid this place and enjoy the many, many other bars/ concert venues in town. In fact, come meet me on Frenchmen StreetTried to walk in for a drink at 11 and was told that we needed to go outside because they weren't ready. Lol a jokeI had really high hopes for this place. To say the least, they were not fulfilled. I imagined an artsier version of the restaurant in the eiffel tower. It was more hip than I had anticipated, and that was a fine change for me. But everything else in the place, for the most part, irked me. 
1. The host (maybe?) didn't ask if we were dining or drinking, so after we walked on we asked if we seated ourselves, he walked us over to the dining area, and said to sit whereever.
2. Our waitress took about 5 minutes to come up with water and our menus, and then just kind of plopped them down and expained it. Her professionalism was on the level of a country diner.
3. Our waitress only came back two times, the first to take our order sheet, and the second time to arrange the menus and I pile and quickly walk away. She never asked us if we waited more cocktails (which we did). The rest of the time random people dropped off food, as she breezed by, looking busy, although we were her only table.
4. The music was super loud and super bad. They had two DJs spinning that had no idea how to fit either the sound level or the music selection to create any sort of atmosphere. I think they might've been going for a NYC upscale venue aura, but were far from pulling it off.
5. When we got our tapas (we had a cheese platter, octopus, scallops and butternut squash ravioli) the guy obviously didn't know what the cheeses were, and each wedge (it came with 3) was about the size of the bottom of a standard chess piece. And, on top of that, the cheese was all terribly bland.  The ravioli was pretty good--when you had any squash in it, they were incredibly skimpy on the squash and it was mostly just eating lumps of pasta. The octopus was TERRIBLE. there was little octopus and it was completely drenched in this disgusting, indescript brown sauce. You couldn't even taste the octpus, and at times even see it under this thick sauce.  The scallops were cooked perfectly (I find it hard to get scallops that weren't overcooked). However, the sauce was terribly bland and for eight dollars, we only had two scallops. 
6. Another waiter took pity on us for getting such poor service, and with an apologetic face asked us if we wanted our check. It still took another 10-15 minutes before we got our check however.
So all in all, bad food, bad service, bad ambiance. The drinks were pretty innovative & delicious, and had anyone taken the time to ask us if we'd like more, or not ran away from the table so fast that we didn't have time to ask, it might have saved them a little bit. But I won't be back. I ended the night at Delachaise with a Kier Royal and a really good cheese plate to revive my mood.Went to see Big History last night.  The cover was cheap and the place was not AS pretentious as I feared...the door guy put my wristband on way too tight like a total dick and I ended up paying $7 for a High Life due to some sort of tab mix-up...but I would still go back if they have a band I want to see.  The building/decor are definitely interesting.  Later in the night I regretted not going to the restroom, because I'm sure they have some crazy-ass bathroom fixtures...Such a beautiful venue!  
I have to admit- my first time at Eiffel was to watch the parade Muses.  They have a great set up and you can catch beads straight from their mock balcony.  They also have an outside bar and food vendors set up.  
The inside was gorgeous. I cannot wait to go back and check it out on a regular night.went to a joan of arc party here.   Never been inside.   what an interesting place, and I had no idea it was actually in the eiffel tower at one time.   It was catered, food was excellent, and I had tons of wine... yum.
staff is friendly, room is delightful.
thanks for the opportunity to experience this.Eiffel Society has a nice concept.  You order off of their menu like you order sushi.  The waiter brings out a slip of paper and you check off what you would like to order.  I guess this way your order is always right!  The atmosphere is great.  The have a lot of art installations and they have live music.  The bar here is phenomenal!  The cilantro mojito was fresh and tasty.  If you have a group, this is a great place.  They have plenty of room an a fabulous long table in the middle of the restaurant to accommodate you!  A helpful hint is that they do have a valet service if you are circling the block in search of parking.  There is also an elevator to take you up to the restaurant space if you are in heels and you don't feel like trekking up the walk out front.My roommate and I had a deal from Living Social or Groupon, and of course with all the places to eat in this city, we ended up going on the last night it was good - which turned out to be a private party.  Not a problem, the owner/manager gave us a couple of additional days on which he would honor it, and we came back on a Wednesday (salsa dancing lesson night.)
I really like the interior.  If you don't like trendy with industrial art, I still think you should give it a shot for lunch.  We started with drinks - a Joy Ride for me, a Dixie Down and an old-fashioned for my roomie.  The bartenders do a great job and I loved my gingery drink.  I even liked my taste of the Dixie Down.
We ordered a good sampling from the menu:  I'm not gung-ho on chicken and waffles, but the roomie is - she said they were okay.  The mussels were decent in their coconut broth.  I kind of wished there were noodles in there though to get all of that broth.  We got the half & half shrimp, which was so good!  It really left me wanting for more.  But the real kicker for the evening was an a-MA-zing hanger steak with garlicky fries.  OMG!  You can't beat it with a stick!  Soooooo tender and perfectly done and you know there were no fries leftover.  They were what I had wanted from Boucherie but was disappointed by.
I don't even know where they got the chocolate tort we had for dessert, but it was a perfect ending to the meal.  The steak, fries, shrimp, dessert, AND drinks are what I will go back for in the future.  I even got up and learned a few salsa moves.  The waitstaff was so attentive and the owner remembered us and was greeting customers at the front door.  It was just an overall nice experience.  Thanks!  And I, dear roomie, happen to like the lighting collage!  :DI hosted my employees retirement party on Friday, March 22nd it was AMAZING!!! The Director of Private Event Sales, Nicole Hershey went above and beyond to ensure that I was stress free and checked in with me frequently to ensure if I needed anything leading up to the event. During the day of the event I decided to change the floor plan and without hesitation Nicole and the Eiffel team were right on it - no questions asked. I highly recommend Eiffel for any private function as they will ensure that you and your guests enjoy themselves and will be with you every step of the way!!!We just celebrated my daughters wedding at Eiffel Society last Saturday, March 23rd and I felt compelled to tell ALL what a superb venue it was. Great food, beautiful space, funky but yet classy and  a superb staff.  ALL friendly and eager to make our guests feel special.  It all came together with the help of their event coordinator , from Eiffel, Nicole Hershey. She worked with me day in and out and was not only accommodating but gave me the security of knowing she had it 100% covered allowing me to relax on my daughters wedding day. 
Nicole you were amazing!  Thank you for this memorable experience.I've only been to Eiffel Society once so far, but I was fairly impressed. Although the wine selection is very limited at this time, what was available was excellent. The pizza and steak frite were great, and the prices were comparable to, or less than, competing bars / restaurants. The service was the best part; very prompt and attentive. I will definitely return.Some nights salsa, some nights a nightclub only Stefan from SNL would love. A drink menu too complex to wait so long and nothing I have ever been to here started remotely close to on time. I kept looking for drag queens to see if I entered the wrong bar.I have been to Eiffel Society all of two times and never did a piece of food graze my lips.
The first time was their opening party, and honestly, I was more concerned with the bar. Though, I found it to be a fantastic party.
The only really problem I had with it was the light display in the center of the room became more annoying as the night went on. It would go dim and then all of a sudden get extremely bright. Bright lights are NOT what people want in a club-like atmosphere.
However, I went this past Saturday for a midnight fashion show. The show was cool, but afterward, it just turned into a dance party, headlined by me and my friends, of course. Bottles of champagne were flowing and we were tearing up the floor with our dancing shoes as the DJ hyped us up.
Good times were had by all. We walked, or rather danced, out of there (still hype) at about 3am. And not once do I remember that pesky bright light fixture bothering us, so I guess they fixed that.
One day I'll have to go back and try the food and those Wednesday salsa nights i keep hearing about.
And you better believe that I will be back!Beautiful place! Love the small plates, everything we've tried has been wonderful- especially the steak bites. Friendly staff, nice decor. Haven't tried the dance nights but want to.We considered several venues for my nonprofit's annual gala, and Eiffel Society stood out primarily due to the responsiveness of the Director of Event Sales, Nicole.  She made the process easy, provided several thorough sample budgets to my specifications, and was pleasant to interact with via email and phone.  Her attention to detail and accessibility gave me confidence that our event at Eiffel would run smoothly.  
While we had some frustrating, repeated AV issues on the night of the event and the jambalaya was not quite as good as we had hoped, the overall experience was exceedingly positive.  Several of our board members told us this was the best gala our organization had hosted. 
Working with Nicole was such a joy that when I began planning an event for another organization I work with, she was my first call. I so wish that everyone I worked with displayed her level of excellence.  
Also, PSA for Eiffel's Pay it Forward Happy Hours, in which they donate a generous portion of liquor sales to the nonprofit host.  We're hosting one this Wednesday!Exactly 2 weeks ago, I got married to the love of my life and we had our reception at Eiffel Society. We just got back from our honeymoon and the first order of business is to give credit to where credit is due. 
From the pricing to the planning, from the food tasting to the setup, from the time we arrived till we left in our getaway car, WE COULD NOT HAVE ASK FOR ANY BETTER!! These guys are professionals! The most important thing is they truly understand the true meaning of customer service, not only to the one paying the bill but to every single guests of ours! Everyone loved the reception!! The next day after our wedding, we were both blasted with texts msgs about how awesome the wedding was, how fun the reception was, how great the food was, etc. 
We were overwhelmed with how well everything came together. Why? The Eiffel Crew did their job, above and beyond our expectations! 
Since this is a review in Yelp, it is suppose to help readers make a better judgment and decision. About halfway into the planning, I received an email from a family friend warning me about some negative reviews of the venue based on some previous experiences. I fwded the msg directly to the manager. Instantly, he called me back and ensure me that it WILL NOT happen under his watch. He followed up again a couple of days later asking if those reviews referred to previous tenants (ie: Cricket Club, Red Room, etc). This indicated to me that he was very interested to take any necessary corrective actions to mitigate any issues, which I really admire and appreciate. After the wedding, I asked my friend who attended the wedding herself again about her experience compared to what she heard, and she replied "I don't know what those friends were talking about, this is the best reception I have been to so far!" To my relief, I believe previous tenants have established a tough disposition for Eiffel to prove themselves. Quite honestly, to me, they have done that, over and over again. I had organized a previous party for my company, and even back in the early stages of Eiffel's existence (Winter 2010), every single staff that I dealt with performed in a world class level. Back then, the only comment I received from my guests was that the bar was not fast enough for a crowd of 300+. Right away, the same manager took that comment, built an additional bar and staffed the bar tenders for high volume nights. If only every businesses in NOLA adopt this mentality of taking every criticisms as opportunities to improve, we would all elevate the hospitality service in this great city. 
Some specific details from future wedding planners: The venue is gorgeous for that unique wedding that you want. The King's table offers a very elegant touch to your immediate family/vips. The versatility of the King's table being "drawn up" literally like a draw bridge adds a wow factor for your first time guests. We made the dance floor bigger by doing that as the party kept going. It was great to be able to have the elegant sit down dinner and then the after-party. The seatings around the main level also allows your guests to continue their conversations without being disrupted by the dancing, etc. Best place to please your grandma all the way to your 7 year old niece. In our case, both of them were on the dance floor so we didn't have to worry about that, but just in case! ;) 
The food and beverage: Chef and Mixologist stepped up to the plate! I had a special request for the Chef to make "Hot and Sour Soup" since that's my wife's and my favorite comfort soup. She admitted it was her first request but the final result? Best dish for my wife and I! Granted, that's hard to judge since everything was so good! I was skeptical of serving chicken and waffles but EVERYBODY loved it. Shrimp and grits? wow. 
Our package also included a mix drink special. We had a private tasting to pick the drink of our choice. Trust me when I tell you this, it was a tough decision since the mixologist presented 4 out of 6 drinks that we really liked! He even allowed me to customize by tweaking the drink a little. But like most married couples, I left it to my wife to decide on the drink. She liked it the way it is! And again, it was another touch that we heard lots of positive comments about! 
Lagniappe: one of our guests lost her earrings that night and she told the manager about it. She told us that the manager called her the next morning about it! Even though they did not find it during cleanup, but it was the thought of an actual person in charge following up that made a lasting impression on her. 
I can keep going on but I want to leave some room for Eiffel to surprise you when you book your wedding reception there. 
To Jeff Gapultos: You have set the bar for a distinguished manager with so many complexities within organizing multiple events in this unique venue. You have been a great steward of the opportunity to manage such a wonderful venue. Please pass our grats to your team!Dear Eiffel Society, 
You really need to make up your mind about what you are, because this multitasking thing isn't working out. (I know you are hip enough to have a subscription to the New York Times on your iPad; they had an excellent series last year about the dismal failure of multitasking in the human brain. I know you saw that. Don't pretend you didn't.) 
First off, you are a freaking eyesore. Yes, I know your pedigree. You were part of La Tour Eiffel...until your fat ass made her sag in dangerous ways. (True story.) Then no one wanted to take you home at the end of the night until some guys in New Orleans were drunk enough to make a bid. You came all the way to New Orleans, only to be duped because the original purchasers were out of cash. Knight in shining armor rescue to follow. It was the '90s; things were crazy. But you are an ugly building in the middle of a pretty part of town. And I have to look at you every day when I leave my own (quaint) apartment. I really wish you'd figure out how to actually capitalize on your curves and lines instead of spraying on tons of fake tan. That stuff isn't even skin deep, and that's how I feel about your marketing. 
Now, skating past the...striking...exterior, I have some bones to pick about your innards, too. First off, are you a restaurant or a dance club or a swingers joint or a bar? Because your kitchen is impressive, churning out dishes that rival anyone in town. Your cheese plate was excellent, and the inventive plating actually works for most of the dishes. But what is the use of having an excellent kitchen if your servers don't bother coming to work...often? I'm not the only person who noticed that you can't keep an employee, dear. The night I visited, our poor waiter apologized three times because he was the only server on a packed floor. (Although he did bribe a barback and bartender into helping him run food.) Understaffing is not flattering. Never will be. 
So are you trying to copy 13 and MiMi's by being a bar with decent food? Because that, I can respect...except you didn't seem to know what wine you had in-house, either. When the wine list is as short as yours (10 choices: 4 red, 4 white, 2 sparkling), it can't be that hard to keep it under control. But darling, you were out of Riesling, the Grüner Veltliner was watery, and your Pinot gris was like licking a cork. Even though the heavens opened and angels flashed their classy little tatas when I tasted the Malbac, did we really have to go through all that for a little wine? The other problem with trying to be a bar is the table service thing. Namely, you have it. 
Also, what is with this dance club notion? I went on a Wednesday night, because I burned dinner (again). Your salsa get-together was already in progress when I arrived, but the music was just so loud. I could hear it across the street, dear. Did you give your 14 year old brother control of the stereo knobs? I certainly could not hear my server or anyone else; we communicated by pointing at the menu...in the dark. Oh, it was effective: it succeeded in giving me a grand headache. So are you a club or a restaurant or a bar? 
If I may: a back-handed compliment about your salsa night clientele. There were some beautiful dancers showing off amazing skill on your stage, but some of the dancers made me feel like I should pay to see the show. I really would have paid theater prices to see the young couple doing freeform salsa; their interplay was gracious and inspired. However, the woman who looked like she was undoing her partner's trousers with her hips on the dance floor in full view of the entire restaurant belonged on an entirely different sort of stage, where I would not pay the cover charge. (It really was too much when she inserted her hands in his pants. Darling, I wish you could have done something about that. Or is that the reputation you want...?) 
Eiffel, dear, I don't even know what to wear when I come to your place. Should I pull out whisper-thin stilettos and cooch-baring lamé dresses or wear tip-to-toe furs to brave your frigid interior? Actually, the impression you give is that I'm just too fat to ever fit right in so I should give up and go home now. 
As I write this, I find myself craving more of that lovely Malbac and another cheese plate; but I'm not sure I can brave the wilds of your identity crisis to procure them. 
Maybe this is the adolescence of your otherwise lovely life, you strange thing...
sincerely, 
-Suzanne J. C. 
PS: Your accessibility is dismal. The elevator is hidden under the building and through a cluttered parking area. The restrooms are down some stairs and back somewhere. The restaurant is dark and loud all the time. There was no braille signage anywhere and no menu assistance, either. The tables are clustered too close for anyone with a mobility device to manage very well.This is a review of an art show.
I think I came on a good night, because I attended an art show here. I feel that this is what this space is best suited for. I really can't imagine it being much else. Anyway, the art was all spread out and there was a lot of space for mingling with others. The bartenders did well keeping up with the crowd, and I enjoyed my house cabernet. There was nice performance art here and I liked that there was plenty of seating right next to the stage,
I really can't imagine anything but an art show happening here. I feel like it's too small for any kind of club, unless they move a lot of stuff. I probably wouldn't go back for a "club" night, but I'd be happy to come back for another art show!I really wanted to like this place.  I had heard about all the local artists that built installations in it and watched their gardener tend to the plot of land on the corner in front of the place....I was hopeful.  
I want it to be known that had I just reviewed the food, it would've gotten five stars.  Everything we shared (empanadas with a dual salsa, perfectly cooked pomme frites, duck and plantain tostadas, hangar steak, short rib pho with beautifully fresh accompaniments and perfectly spiced) was delicious.  The chef also owns Iris Restaurant which is another one of my favorites, and his creative style definitely came through.  
If I just rated the ambiance, it would have gotten two stars.  It was loud and there was too much dead space.  To top it off, there is this huge beautiful lighting fixture that, every ten seconds, turns into a spotlight.  It's bright.  It's weird. I felt so uncomfortable.  I couldn't hear my friends and I couldn't relax and enjoy the food.  
I want this place to do well.  But I don't know how soon I'll be back because I like to relax while sipping cocktails and eating yummy small plates.  Not say "what? huh?" as my friends are talking and not have to squint and get a headache from the bright light.  The best bet is to sit in the dining area toward the back away from the music and light.I've been to the venue for a few different events and I know some were under different managers so I'll speak on the most recent visit. (Strictly Biz night 3.30.17) We had a blast! The bartenders, servers and other supporting staff were on their A game. They even accommodated my always difficult food requests. I would have to say that was my fav time in the space. 
The 3 stars however are for the space itself. I know it has to be difficult to make the space fit one theme but I think it can be done. I'm partial to natural materials so I think they should make the most of all the wood furniture around there. That huge hanging plank (which I heard is a retractable table) looks pretty cool. all of their other furniture is nice also so I guess it wouldn't make sense to throw that all out. Scratch that. I'm sure there has to be a way. I have hope that this new person in charge will spice it up a bit in there and make it a less "hall" type space.Had dinner at the Eiffel Society the other night and it was a very unpleasant experience. Although the food was pretty good (hangar steak), the ambiance was atrocious. The front of the restaurant featured a dance class and it was extremely loud. Between the instructor 's  blaring microphone and the deafening music, there was no way you could carry on a conversation.  I will not return.I haven't been here since the Red Room days.  I have to say that the classy atmosphere really blows you away - to my own personal aesthetic  its a blend of the best components of a NYC upscale venue mixed with New Orleans installation art, with an excellent bar and space that has incredibly positive energy. 
As a new orleans native, I find the discovery of such gems increasing difficult.  This is one of them  - you don't want to miss out.I was in town for a medical convention and went  here on a Saturday night . I had a great time and even ran into some old college friends. I can't vouch for any other night here because I did not frequent this club when I was in college. Again when I went, there were a lot of other physicians, young professionals, and vendors/representatives that were attending the conference.I've recently had my wedding reception at Eiffel Society and couldn't have picked a better place. After scouting out many venues, Eiffel was the only one to try and meet my needs and not just tell me "these are the packages we have" as so many other wedding venues do. Eiffel was accommodating to our budget needs and offered so many options to help satisfy every single one of our desires.  Nicole Hershey, director of event sales, was easy and friendly and made our whole experience a pleasure.  Had no problems with the scheduling of everything to the day of the wedding as Nicole made it so easy. Eiffel had plenty of options of food, drinks, and arrangements. Come the day of the wedding the Eiffel staff was professional and courteous, to my every need. The food was delicious and unique, especially the chicken and waffles. The atmosphere is romantic, elegant with a sense of casualness 
The list goes on and on. You will not be disappointed if you have your wedding or special event here.My niece had her wedding reception here. It was amazing. The space is perfectly arranged, the bar was fantastic, the staff friendly and oh, the food!  The duck beignets were soooo good.Interesting place and a nice change of pace from a lot of nola scene.  I can have fun here but definitely not my place, I don't think.  It reminds me a little too much of a high-school gossip girl wannabe scene and its pretty much just that with it's clientele.  Seems that everyone here loves to pretend to be important, wealthy, and good looking when these three aren't the case and it's lots of tulane kids/sketch people just acting.
An okay place to get some drinks for an annoyingly-lit fashion show with bad fashion, but not a good enough club setting to go to it for a club and not a good enough bar setting for it to be a bar.  If I want a nice drink around good looking people I go to Cure.  If I want to see people in tight v necks and true religion jeans I can go to the republic.I went to Dirty Coast and House of Lounge Fashion Show here last night and what a wonderful place. Love the decor, very contemporary fixtures that makes the small space look so spacious which is cool. There is even a little room you can go in and it records what you are doing and it is shown in the other room, that was funny. Lots of appetizers rolled out. Baby Octopus ( I have no clue how it tastes because anything with the word baby or octopus doesn't not touch my lips: unless its baby spinach lol) , pizza, and some type of beef pie. It was a great set-up for a fashion show, the stage and seating definitely was just right for you to see the whole show. Although if you are short, get their early before it fill up because you would be doomed. Not sure how the drinks were, I only had a water, all they had was tap or Voss, so I went with Voss which was $5 :-/. Nice place for a event.Eiffel's Salsa nights on Wednesdays are so fun! My husband and I had a very romantic date night here. Free salsa lessons + live salsa band + delicious food = what more could you ask for! We ordered the Lumpias, Plantain Tostones, Sea Scallops, and Duck leg and pork belly. All were soooo delicious and very reasonably priced.  The service was excellent. We practiced our dance moves while we were waiting for our food. Such an amazing ambiance. I love the crowd too!
Eiffel is also great for large groups. We shared a whole bunch of tapas and were seated at the King's table! The only downside is that the sound is loud so it was a little hard to talk to each other, especially for large groups.I recently booked them for a company event consisting of approx 125 people. We could have easily fit double that amount. The floorplan allows a wide range of party sizes to feel comfortable. There are narrow coves wrapping the dance floor seperated by banisters which is perfect for the guests that want have a private convo or a spot to have a photo booth. 
Everyone loved the sofas and seating areas. It made for a really comfortable and cozy setting. The bartenders were experienced and friendly.  Another nice feature was that even though our private event was over, everyone had the option to stay and enjoy the themed party Eiffel was hosting. 
The food was laid out on a floating table hanging by a cable. About have way through, the table was lifted and the dance floor was officially open! The food was put in one of the coves in case we still wanted to snack. Options like fried mac and cheese and pralines were a big hit. 
We cant wait to host more parties here in the future!Amazing place fun vibes great customer services, Rodger is an amazing hostess! Great drinks in a very cool vibe and location!I've been to the Eiffel Society numerous times for different types of events and all have been fantastic.  This is my favorite event space in all of New Orleans.This is a review for the "club," not for the place as a private rental not open to the general public:
This place is generally full of douchebags and wannabees (if it has any people in it at all) ... which is a shame -- Eiffel started out so cool and could of been epic. It has all the right elements: superb atmosphere, cocktails, kitchen, DJs.... but the people are what makes a place great, right? And herein lies the failure, probably hastened by its hit or miss tendencies of the early days. Alas its potential has been lost in the abyss and I've been over this place since last Spring. Totally bummed.I attended an event here on a Friday night. I caught an Uber, so I'm not 100% sure what the parking situation is like, but it didn't seem to be the best. The entrance was interesting and uniquely designed. There were quite a few steps, followed by a long, semi-steep walkway. The inside was a lot smaller than expected, but nicely done. There was ample seating and a balcony (which is where I spent most of the night). The full bar did not disappoint lol! However, the food did disappoint. The mini muffalettas were more bread than anything and soggy at the bottom. The meatballs were just weird. There was also no attempt to refill the food in a timely manner. The chicken wings were completely out and the fruit was close to getting to that point (keep in mind, I arrived at the start of the event). Overall, I thought the event was a success, so wouldn't hesitate to return here. They just need to improve the food service.Cool atmosphere, themed nights which I'm not really into, but it's still a cool venue. I recently got free dance lessons by checking in, so maybe I'll
Appreciate the themed nights more. Most importantly, it's a freaking section of original Eiffel Tower! If that's not reason to check it out, I don't know what is.La mejor experiencia en Nueva Orleans, y muy buen servicio!!! Thank you from Sonora!!! 
Muy buenas personas!!!We had my mom's 80th Birthday celebration there. The venue was awesome! The entire staff did an outstanding job. The caterer never missed a beat on serving such delicious food at the proper temperature. I'd like to recommend such a wonderful group of people who will go above and beyond to make your event successful. 
Please ask for Chante Ward, Event Sales Associate. She is wonderful!The team at Eiffel went above and beyond to help us plan our Halloween Bar Review. Chante and Nicole were very attentive and replied to our questions almost instantaneously. The day of the event we were able to come and set up at our leisure and upon arriving their manager Will was there to help us work the music and lights system. Our event went off without a hitch thanks to the Eiffel Team. 
Side note: everyone was very pleased with the food! It's been 5 days and I keep getting told how awesome the chicken wings were.I love coming here for the Hangover Brunches. Very nice spot to hangout. Great staff. The bartenders will have you lit! The food is awesome also. Checkout Mommie's Minis. She's a frequent vendor here. Desserts are to die for!Very cool looking building. Bathrooms are kind of dank. But the building itself is a cool location for parties, fashion shows, small gatherings. It's a cool hip artistic building for intimate events.Always a great time when i go here! Great atmosphere, delicious drinks and beautiful venueTried to plan an event and absolutely ripped us off - won't come here again, unkind and unreasonableWent to the Eiffel for the Pulp-fiction/star wars show.Was terrible, no seating whats so ever. drinks $8.00ea was not at all what was expected from this venue .Tickets did not describe conditions  for no seating if you are a short person forget it you will see nothing from the stage.The building smelled like urine,furniture that was there was so beat up and worn,some costumes of the pro formers were really good , props for the show was terrible.Some of the actors did great.
The bathrooms were a nightmare! very unclean garbage was not even close to being attended.there was urine and water on the floor for the girls stalls.(There are some nasty women on the planet)My husband told me there are no dividers in the men's bathroom from the toilets , So if a man needs to do the 2 he will have to be out in the open from the guy at the urinal.Which to say the least was gross and unclean.
This is a shame cause the the building is really pretty and the view is wonderful.
My advice to the owner would be stop drinking during events , it is shameful,and as a owner this is your lively hood.it is bad business to be partying with friends and downing shots when there are people in line to "Buy"drinks watching you serve your friends and your self while the 2 bartenders  falling behind on orders cause they can only make  1drink at a time.there must have been like 25 people waiting for drinks my husband waited 30mins for a crown & coke.I timed it ... I do not suggest the venue cause of the poor condition it has been kept in by these owners.Hope they sale it to someone who gives a crap. Shame to see it get torn down .... bad owners .Me and my family were visiting from out of town for my cousin's 30th birthday. We bought general admission tickets online in advanced for an event being held at Effial. Upon arrival at midnight, we waited in a stagnant line for 30 minutes before we grew impatient. When we approached the bouncers about the wait, no one was able to provide us with an answer as to why we were waiting in a line that was not moving; the club was not at capacity, and it was well beyond crowded line hours - meanwhile, the general admission line where people had already prepaid for tickets stood still. After complaining with the incompetent door staff for 15 minutes, we were informed that only people who bought VIP tickets were being admitted into the club at that time. At this point we have been in line for nearly an hour (with pre-purchased tickets). We were frustrated and annoyed and wanted a refund so we could leave. After being informed there were no refunds, we requested to speak to a manager.  No one would show us to someone in charge! Finally, after complaining and asking for a refund for over 30 minutes, we were admitted into the club. I no longer had interest in the event and persisted to find someone in charge. Still, I was faced with more inadequate staff who had little sympathy for our experience and was only willing to "buy us a drink" for our troubles. As a first time visitor to New Orleans, I was highly dissatisfied with my experience and Effial and would never recommended this place to anyone.Worked with Eiffel recently for a private school event. The staff,especially Nicole, were extremely easy to talk to and were patient with all of my questions and concerns since it was the first big event I had planned. They were really flexible with our schedule and budget as well, which I really appreciated. Nicole even waived some fees and gave us amazing discounts on the drink specials. The actual event was great! We had a lot of staff on hand and everything was seamless. It couldn't have gone better, and I look forward to working with Eiffel again soon!The event started late. Although I bought V.I.P tickets it was difficult to make sure my entire party received their food. Nope. Promotor was not there and they can't count the dinners. So that's unfortunate. The space is tiny. There were about 6 reserved tables. 
The bars were expensive but decent drinks. I paid $14 for Hennessy margarita. Now I know New Orleans is t Miami or Atlanta but hunny.... the music was a little outdated and wack. It was cute and something to do nothing special or worth what we paidThis is a stunning spot, with an immense glass canopy "birdhouse" cradled by iron struts taken from the Eiffel Tower. This is not only a wine/cocktail bar and restaurant, but also a live music venus and art space. The food is pretty simple, without the artful pretensions of its competitors, but I admit any place with a grilled cheese of the day can't be all bad. It's worth a visit just to enjoy the breathtaking space and, perhaps, hear some amazing jazz or stumble upon the next great artist to emerge from NOLa.Tried to plan an event here and the management team screwed us over. Lost $7000 and couldn't have the event there.I've been to Eiffel three times now, not yet for a sit down dinner (although we did nibble on some fried mac and cheese balls the second time we went -- those hit the spot after a few drinks). The first was the opening (loved those classy cocktails for free!), the second was for a private event ($10 cover for three drink tickets, score!), and the last was for a random evening out. 
Overall, I think this place is pretty cool -- it's chic without being too pretentious, the people working there are pretty fun (and there weren't too many people on the Saturday night we went, so that was important), and the drinks are strong. If the signature cocktails weren't $10 each, I would have been happy to drink another (I had "Centerfold," which was hot pink and delicious... Oh, and wells are $7). The DJ was kind enough to cater to our strange request of music (just one song, mind you), and after three hours sitting at the bar and people watching, we finally got out there and danced for a bit. I would recommend bringing a group of friends because the clientele while we were there was sort of.. random.  
I would definitely go back and hope it was better populated (quantity- and quality-wise). Join me?We walked in and walked out. It was DEAD.com lol, but the venue is nice. It is a bit small in there so when it's packed ITS PACKED! Anyhow it is was a cute layout out and they had a couple of drink  promotions going on. I would like to see how a poppin party looks in there.New owner and the first thing he did was cancel the brunch which was 90% African-American. Then canceled All the club night events due to the fact that they were also African-American events. He told employees that he no longer wanted that type of business. Meaning African-American business.I have been here twice now for a special event. The first time was for NOLA Fashion week wrap party, and the other was for a school banquet.
I think the space is awkward as a restaurant, but would do well as a dancing nightclub - if it were to decide to become a full time nightclub. 
For some reason while there at the wrap party, no one was dancing, and it was a lot of people posing, trying to look good. 
The school banquet's food was really good. We have some steak, pasta, and salad. The lettuce used for the salad was GIGANTIC, as in the whole leaf. It was awkward that we were served with small plates. i talked to the organizer of the party, and the prices that she told me were pretty fair. 
Overall, it's a very big space for special events. I would have given it 3 stars, but i am giving it 4 stars for the bartenders who make their drinks well.Awesome venue for events! I love the decor of the place and how it transforms from a dining restaurant to a late night lounge/club.  I've been here several times for late night events and once for dinner.  Bartenders are friendly and professional.  They know how to make everything and my drinks are always yummy! 
For dinner, I made a reservation for 14 and we were seated at the king's table, which is the best table in the entire restaurant.  Food is superb and from what I hear the menu is constantly changing and being revamped.  Must dine in for dinner again!!At first I thought that I walked right into an art film I didn't understand. As I sat down and looked at my surroundings; watching the movie screen show black and white pictures of the restaurant itself, and glancing over my head at the odd shaped light bulbs listening to a weird industrial/techno beat, honestly I was afraid that there may be a mime behind one of the brick pillars coming to scare the beejeezus out of me at any moment. There wasn't. And actually after getting over my initial feelings about Eiffel, I had a very nice evening meal. I had a living social coupon, so we went a little crazier than we normally would have. 
The cocktails are a major highlight here. Fresh ingredients, all of their mixes are made in-house by talented bartenders. I had a Dixie Down which was a combination of bourbon and honey and lemon. It was delicious. I didn't really even taste the bourbon. That's not a great thing because I love bourbon, but a nice variation on a bourbon drink to have with a meal. I also had an Old Fashioned later in my meal. It was a little heavy on the cherry, which funny enough is how I prepare my own, but it may not be a winner for a traditional Old Fashioned drinker. 
The food was also much better than I expected. The mussels in the coconut broth and the chicken and waffles were the low lights. The mussels were cooked well but I wanted something to keep the broth with the mussels besides some (kinda stale) bread. I really wanted to like the chicken and waffles, the chicken had a good crispiness to it but, as the other Lindsay mentioned, I wanted more syrup. The poached and grilled shrimp were done nicely. The star of the food show was the hangar steak and frites. Holy taste explosion Batman! This was delicious. Perfectly cooked steak with amazingly flavorful fries, I would get this again any day. 
All in all my, trip to Eiffel was much better than expected. I won't be running back here because it's just not my scene. However, if someone wanted to go experience it I would be happy to oblige them. I recommend going earlier to avoid later crowds and they have Salsa on Wednesday nights which makes it hard to hear your dining companions after 7pm. 3.5 rounded up to a 4 for that steak.great place to host an event or party! I celebrated my 10 year wedding anniversary here the last weekend of march. the ambiance was really nice, with the natural lighting and the kind of casual laid back look. Nicole is the event coordinator there and she really went out of her way 2make sure all my needs were met. we coordinated everthing via phone & emails, and she was very accomodating & responsive thru the whole process of planning.  the food catered by eiffel was fantastic also! they had all the new orleans staples, plus a lil more. the space is huge & gud for large parties or small parties! service duri g the event was perfect. all around- great experience. highly recommended!I went here for a YLC event.  I planned on giving this a 3 but my main complaint about the night can not be directly attributed to the Eiffel Society.  
I loved the look from the outside.  The long walk way makes for a great see and be scene entrance if your event calls for that. I also thought it would make for a great sunset view but the cloudy day didn't allow me to see if that was true.
The shape of the building allows for great flow.  Bar is immediately on the right.  Great but scary artwork hangs from the middle of the "vaulted" ceiling.  Lounge seating encircles a dance floor that, for my event, was covered in the hightop tables.  There is a small stage and a bar/serving area on the other side.  In the day the all black is pretty boring but with the lighting turned on after the sun went down is was a much warmer atmosphere.
I don't know who did the catering but I do think it was the society.  They had three small plates. Sandwiches, eggplant bites, and meatballs.  They ran out of the eggplant bites and meatballs within a half hour of the even opening.  I don't blame them because if that is what was ordered, that is what was ordered.  Also I do know a number of being arrived for the event who had not pre-registered.  That was my main complaint because I was hungry but overall seems like a great locale for an event.
Also, I was happy to note (for future visits since I didn't see it until I left) that there is parking under the venue.Super cool place! Love this atmosphere. Went on Thursday night and the bartender made us some awesome Mojitos.