Small and modest space putting out incredible Cuban cuisine and cocktails. Killer location right by the French market and friendly owners. We will return!OG Cuban, this place is great. Drinks and food on point, loved it all. Would recommend a hundred times over.Rum, Cuban sandwiches, coffee, and friendly faces; if this place starts smuggling cigars I will lose the capacity to go home.Great little place inspired by Ernest Hemingway in the French Quarter, seating is limited but quaint and the atmosphere is very chill. the Cubano was fantastic, just the perfect blend of pork, pickles, mustard, and Swiss cheese. Also had the Hemingway which is a craft cocktail, Rum based of course hand shaken by a very handsome bartender. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. Definitely stop by and show them some love.Being originally from south Florida, I am pretty critical of Cubano sandwiches. I have had a few since leaving Florida that were "Meh.." to say the least. The Cubano sandwich at El Libre certainly held it's own when compared to the South Florida versions. They added a local twist to the sandwich without changing the overall consistency. The guava and cream cheese pastry, and Cafe Con Leche were awesome too. Trevor and Konrad provide the added touch to making El Libre a great local place to stop in and enjoy a taste of Cuban cuisine...oh and order "The Hemingway" drink for an extra amazing adult beverage experience.. And check out the kickass artwork of Hemingway done by Konrad.When a man wants Cubano rocket fuel, he becomes a cubano diviner. My instincts took me directly to El Libre. Until today, I thought only the small laundromat in Key West made great Cubano coffee. Add El Libre to the list.Favorite cubano. Amazing (and all day!!!) Breakfast sandwiches. Love the avocado and corn side dish. The drinks are superb. I had such a tasty daiquiri and then they made me a surprise off the menu cocktail that was made with a few traditional Cuban drink ingredients and it was off the chain. And everyone who works there is competent, cool and friendly.Great little place in the Quarter. Fabulous fresh tres leches cake best I've had in a long time. Excellent coffee made just right. Didn't eat food but saw it being prepared and looks very good.Last two trips to NOLA ended with a nightcap at El Libre. Tres Leches cake and a Cuba Libre (or two). Tres Leches is great. Perfect balance between wet and dry. 
Just a 4 star rating because I haven't had any of the sandwiches. Hope to remedy that next trip.Live right around the corner from this little spot, was hoping for good service, great food etc. Very disappointed with the guy with a black Justin Timberlake cap who overcharged my girlfriend for espresso. 5 bucks for a double shot of espresso!!! When she questioned him he was condescending and made her feel stupid. Save your money for Spitfire or Envie or at least duck in to make sure the strident hipster isn't there. Beware.It appears I am in the minority here, but I wasn't blown away by El Libre. I appreciate the simple (but well done) menu.  The sandwiches are very delicious - crispy on the outside, lots of good flavor inside. I also appreciate that they have a good cocktail selection. The only thing keeping me from coming back often is the price - when it was all said and done, it was $20 for a beer and a sandwich.  I agree with Christopher W, a small side with the cuban would go a long way (instead of another $5 for beans and rice). That being said, if you find yourself in the quarter and craving a cuban, definitely check this place out.
Pro-tip:  If you have never had a hemmingway daquiri, you are missing out on a very good time.Such a good sandwich! Really cool environment! And a great place to stop in real quick if you're hungry and in the area.Tiny little coffee shop. More to offer in adult beverages and food more so than coffee. But if others are busy, it does have some great coffee to wake you up. The service is what brings me to the review, they were fantastic :) The atmosphere of el libre is very nice, has a loft to dine in and quotes on the walls.So I'm not sure if it's because I was HANGRY or not but this is the best vegetarian Cuban sandwich I have ever had. Ok it's also the only vegetarian Cuban I have ever had but it was dam tastee. The place plays kewl vibe music and gets yah in the mood to chow. Small walk up style place with a counter and a few small tables if you want to eat in. Or take it to go. Top it off with a real Mexican Coke or a cocktail and you've got yourself a meal. Nice little find in the quarter when you want a tastee SAMMICH.Only stopped for a quick drinks there, but they defied expectations, would definitely return rotary their food and have another adult beverage ;). It's a smallish place, mixed drinks are limited to those with rum.  The amount of detail they give to each mixed drink was a refreshing change from the norm. For example, I had a Cuba Libre, which is essentially a rum and coke, but they use Mexican beer with real sugar and fresh squeezed lime.  2 of my friends had a drink called Hemingway ( the entire place is a homage to the author) and it was incredible!I wasn't going to leave 5 stars because they were sold out of Hot Chocolate cookies.  I'm gonna get over that.  I've been in town 24 hours & have  been here 3 times.  Delish coffee (cortaditos 1 hot & 1 iced) and currently booze.  Loving the El Presidente.  Strong and smooth.  Can't wait to come back to actually try the food!Get a daiquiri here. Don't think about it, just do it. Locally owned by some of the coolest people around, it's a gem of the quarter and you'll always have a great time. Amazing cocktails by friendly staff!Love this little "piece of Cuba"
Delicious Cubans and avocado salad with a Mexican Coke!Que rico! We had a sandwich, salad, rice & beans, and a cocktail. All quickly made, and, most importantly, delicious. Great place to take a break from the constant cajun and reset in the quarter.This is a must stop meal in the quarter. The Cuban is better than any Cuban I've ever had, even better than any I've had in Miami.The Avocado salad is soooo fresh and delicious!  I ask for it with a side of pulled pork and I am in heaven!The most amazing food. Love the family ambience. Must must come here. Cubano sandwich was amazing and so was Pollo del Libre plate. Fully satisfiedA little late on this great review but I popped in with a couple of friends about a month ago. I just really loved everything about the place. It is small and very quaint but the service is very personable and interactive. Their cuba libre, with Mexican Coke and ample fresh-squeezed lime, is one of the better I have ever had. Their cuban sandwich was also wonderful, not surprisingly. I highly recommend that anyone bouncing around the Quarter stop in for at least a drink or two. But if you do not want a sit-down dinner, this would be my first recommendation for food in the Quarter. Very well done guys.Not a huge selection for sandwiches. I had the vegetarian Cubano which was good, a little bland. Atmosphere interesting.Awesome food. Exciting, yet simple atmosphere. Service was awesome. We ate cubanos up on the loft (with pickapeppa might I add) and they were fantastic (with and without the pickapeppa). Going to grab some food for the airport in the morning.get a cuban - get the avacado salad - Dooo itt!Friendly with a lively vibe and excellent rum cocktails, El Libre was a welcome stop on our weekend. We didn't try food beyond some Cuban toast, but everything about the place told us we need to come back when we're hungry.I ate the Pollo Flaco chicken sandwich and it was delicious! Loaded with pulled chicken, avocado, melted cheese, and then pressed so it was toasty warm. Pretty big as well, I had to get my husband to help me eat the second half of it. 
If it's crowded (have about 8 chairs downstairs) check the upstairs - there are more stools up there. Fully recommend!Unbelievable! Had the Cubano and Mojito. Very authentic and would highly recommend! Outdoor seating too!Cute little place tucked away near Jackson Square.  There is a small eating area on the first floor and a bar like area on the second floor.  Very limited food menu. Cubanos, sides and dessert. I have to say they knocked it out of the park on the Cubanos! A nice size for the money.  Full of meat, cheese, and pickles! Yum!  One of the best I've had in years.  The drink and Rum menu is very nice for such a small place.  I got the signature Hemmigway daiquiri.  Sweet and tart.  Very well balanced.  Would definitely get this again. We have put this on the go to again list and will be back.El Libre has been on my "must try" list ever since they opened and man oh man, this place did not disappoint.
The restaurant is completely no frills: order at the counter and sit upstairs or downstairs to eat. I decided to get the Cubano (obviously) with a side of avocado salad. The Cubano is out of this world. I really think I have finally found the best Cuban sandwich in NOLA and I am not exaggerating. I know I'm not an expert, but I just loved that the sandwich was nicely pressed and the bread was tasty and flaky. It was really a "melt in your mouth" experience for me.
The avocado salad is BEYOND good. Fresh avocado, cilantro and corn mixed up into a bowl of yum! It was the perfect side and I am stealing this simple idea for a salad and I'm going to start making it at home. It was basically guacamole before it's "mole'd" and I couldn't get enough of it.
I also got a Cuban coffee, which was a small shot of tasty coffee that was strong without leaving me jittery. It had a lot of flavor and I didn't need to add anything to it to make it enjoyable.
The staff here was super friendly and chatty, even though they were having a busy day. I will absolutely return! 
Note to El Libre owners: PLEASE open one on the Westbank or Uptown!Cute little chill spot. Wish i was hungry at the time to try the food ! I did have a cocktail that was called cuba libre which was strong and tasty! Service was good, i'm glad i stumbled upon this place! Definitely recommend!Damn good Cuban sand which! Also their drinks are out of this world. Some of the best in the French quarter, hands down. Then up. For 10 stars. (If only.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................) Great vibe in there too!Had lunch in this little hole in the wall restaurant. Easy to miss if you blink as you walk past it.  I'm not a fan of fried, saucy or foods smothered in butter. The food here was tasty without all that. It's what I like to call clean food. We ordered the pollo del libre. It had shredded chicken, corn, black beans and rice. It was delicious.Full disclosure right now:  I only had a mojito and a cubano.
Full disclosure part 2: the mojito was so good (sweet, balanced, tons of mint) that I had a second.  I'm writing this review after the second.
That said, the mojito was fantastic and the cubano was delicious.  Like, my mouth still waters just thinking of it.  Can't wait to hit up El Libre for a lunch-to-go in the days to come.  
P.S.  This is not a snazzy sit-down place.  Come in your t-shirt and sneakers and you'll fit right in.The Cuban sandwich is very unique and extremely tasty. The cafe con leche comes with the espresso and frothy milk separate - which was new to me and the mixture was delicious and the best I've had outside of ColombiaThe Cuban sandwich and avocado salad were amazing! A surprising gem in the French Quarter that rivals the fancy restaurants. Atmosphere is casual and a bit dive-y. Loved it!Amazing Cuban sandwiches! So good we came back for Cuban coffee the next day. This little place is great. You can't go wrong with anything here.Delicious pressed sandwiches, coffees and desserts. Great for a break from Creole food in a cozy nook in the heart of the French Quarter.This place is just a few stops off Decatur, which makes it a bit quieter by NOLA standards. They have options for vegetarians and vegans, too, which always makes a place legit in my opinion.
I'm also a little obsessed with the idea that one man, the cashier/cook/waiter/barista/bartender, does all the work! I ordered a cortadito and a vegetarian cubano, and both were excellent.
You should visit.I'm not Cuban, but I've lived in Miami for the last 5 years, and I can honestly say the sandwiches here are better than any I've had in South Florida. When I saw that Cafe Bustelo can is a tip jar, it was instant happiness! Cuban coffee is my crack. The menu is not extensive, but it has everything you need, especially if you are on the go. Give this place a chance, you will not be disappointed.Delicious, fast food.  Hand Crafted cocktails, close to the action, fun casual seating.  Do it again asap!We stopped here for a drink while shopping, very cute! They have an upstairs that looks like a loft and had lots of Hemingway decor.  The girl behind the counter was very nice and made me a great coffee.  The paninis coming out of the grill looked good. They had a nice list of cocktails but I did not want alcohol then, this is a great place for a little stop and refreshment!Best Cuban coffee and sandwiches in NOLA! Coladas on deck! Guava and cream cheese sandwich was so so good! True Cuban coffee!Yum.seriously the cubano is amazing. The roast pork is soft and tender. As well as the coffees are so sweet and they weren't to my liking but my friend adored how sweet they were. 
Also try the tres leches. Perfect desert to share with people in you're table and perfectly sweet.The daiquiris and Cuban sandwiches are a nice change from the "usual" New Orleans fare. We will be back!The absolute best Cuban sandwich in the US. Amazing cocktails, great service, beautiful atmosphere. This is one of my favorite places in Nola. They are attentive, precise, and professional....I've never had a bad experience here in the 5 or so times I've come....highly recommend. I look forward to coming back.The saying goes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach.  Well, I also have a theory that the way to a woman's heart is to be decisive and make interesting, fun, and savvy choices.  So, when the radiant woman I was enjoying my morning with mentioned that we ought to get a quick bite I immediately chose El Libre which had just opened two days before.  I hadn't yet been there, but I sure love it when my instincts are on point!   She was as taken with this unique and friendly Cuban cafe' and bar as I am.  El Libre offers a simple yet perfect menu with well portioned servings, impeccable breakfast sandwiches, pressed sandwiches and sides.  We ordered a breakfast sandwich and a classic Cubano, cafe con leche, and a Hemmingway Daquiri.  All were prepared quickly and brought to us with a friendly smile.  Everything was just perfect.  We sat upstairs on the little balcony overlooking the space happy to have discovered a new go-to spot for quick food and top notch cocktails with great ambiance just far enough away from Bourbon street.  One of the partners, Konrad Kantor, has run the bars at Sobou in the W Hotel and Doris Metropolitan where he created incredible and unique cocktail lists.  While El Libre has a full bar to meet any taste, he has purposefully simplified the drink menu to classic Cuban cocktails and they are not surprisingly amazing. They stay open until 2:00 am on Fridays and Saturdays so swing by late and you may meet me there enjoying a Cuba Libre or Mojito.Great Cuban sandwich in a tiny bar/cafe in the french quarter. Very easy to miss the place. Also tried the avocado salad which was very good.Ann L: this place is fabulous. All fresh quality ingredients, made to order. The bread crust is not "thin," it's "pressed." This is how cubanos are served. Lovely. The avocado salad is to die for. Simple, fresh, constructed after ordered.  After ordered. I've never seen this made anywhere else. Beautiful meal, gracious service. And the quote on the wall makes the atmosphere.Great food and atmosphere!! It is quaint and small but just the perfect amount. They have a seating above the counter and a great view of the customers coming in and the side walk outside along with a interesting piece of art staring at u eat your delicious meal. Get the polle de libre it's basically a vegetarian bowl with chicken and it's fantastic. PS: get it for there it's a better experience :)Would love this place to be in my hometown Chicago. Visited New Orleans for a few days and stopped here. Tiny little place with a handful of seats but man is the food great. Probably the best Cuban sandwich I've had. Pressed tight, bread was thin and almost melted in your mouth. Beautiful sandwich.
Had the tres leches cake and lord was that fantastic. Could hardly put the fork down. But the best thing here was the cocktail. They had one called The Blackstar and it is the best cocktail I have ever had anywhere. Ive had hundreds of cocktails at the best bars in Chicago. But this is my favorite one. The ingredients sound like they'd be overpowering (about six including anise and coffee liqueur) but this is the smoothest, tastiest, best drink out there.Good coffee. Delicious sandwiches. As a Cuban American, I wholeheartedly approve of this adorable place.Excellent little joint off the beaten path.  Had the Cuban coffee,  cubano sandwich with side of black beans and everything was spot on. Prices was fair and the place was small but cozy.  Would defiantly go again.As we walked back to the center of the Quarter, we took a side street when I saw the sign for El Libre.  I had book marked this place to try and am so glad I did.  What I've noticed out here is that each place has their own signature coffee drink.  I was just going to get a cafe au lait, but then I had to ask about the Black Star Latte: Espresso, gold rum, steamed milk, coffee syrup, maraschino liqueur, orange curaçao, demerara sugar.  SOLD!
This was delicious!  Also, it kept me awake while maintaining my buzz from the milk shake!  Friendly barista and a pretty chill place.  The Hemingway quote are words to live by!  I just may have to come back for another star!The avocado, swiss, egg pressed sandwich is divine!  Great coffee in charming locale.The Cuban sandwich was really good.  However the Hemingway daiquiri was too bitter for me to drink.
Stiff & effective drinks!Most delicious Cuban sandwich ive ever had!! Avocado salad and egg avocado sandwich is delicious as well. But the Cuban is a MUST!I was wandering in the quarter and walked past this place. Never seen it before so I thought I would check it out! Glad I did! Awesome food and friendly staff!Very cool little place. Great craft cocktails and the Cubano sandwich was carefully built and toasted to perfection! Really great experience for a local side street spot.El Libre was a reward for going very slightly off the beaten path. The sign advertising cafe del leche lured me in and the menu made me realize that I was hungry. April gave me the option of adding avacado, grilled corn and cilantro to the black beans and rice that i asked for. It was unlike anything I've ever had. All the seasonings complimented each other as did the different textures. I brought home a guava croissant and spicy chocolate chip cookie and wished I had bought more. The food from El Libre was the highlight of my stay in New Orleans.Huge fan of the Cuban sandwich and the avocado salad I get from here. The portions and quality of ingredients are fantastic. I can not get enough and will be sending customers here to enjoy my little slice of heaven!Great food. My family is Cuban and whenever I'm outside of Miami it is hard to find a good Cuban coffee spot. This place did it right! They also had guava & cheese sandwich that was so delicious. I would defiantly recommend this place.Visiting Nola with friends and this place came highly recommended. Amazing service, killer food/drinks/cozy atmosphere. The Cuban is phenomenal and the daiquiris are some of the best I've had anywhere. A very thoughtful and high-quality establishment that stands out amidst less authentic and more harried options on this street. Total gem.Yum about sums it up!   I love the Cubano sandwich and the avocado salad.  My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it.    The first time I ate there we called our order in and my man rode his bike down there to pick it up.   The next time, we both rode our bikes and enjoyed a cocktail while waiting for our to go order.   One of my favorite cocktails is mojitos and their version was quite tasty.      Our food was yummy both times  and I can't wait to go back..... hmmm, maybe today!Amazing spiked coffee and staff! The vibe is spot on and welcoming and we came here three days in a row!We picked this place for lunch because it was across the street from this funky pet shop and were hungry. Turns out to have been a great choice! They have a variety of Cuban lunches and cocktails.
I ordered the El Presidente cocktail and it was quite good. I prefer to taste the alcohol in my cocktails and have them not be overly sweet. El Presidente is exactly that kind of cocktail.
For lunch, I ordered the vegetarian Cuban sandwich which was on French bread with black beans, avocado, and cheese (I ordered no cheese). For being so healthy, that sandwich was PACKED with flavor! My sister took a tasting bite and was instantly jealous that she hadn't ordered the sandwich.
Great spot-- get lunch here!!I've never had a a Cuban sandwich. Per the lovely lady behind the counter suggested pulled pork. I was dubious. Pork has never been a favorite of mine. I'm glad i trusted her. It was so good. Light and crunchy bread a good size. The only bad thing was the construction on the street. Kinda keeps them hidden. Loved it thoughRecommend by a trusted friend who spends significant time exploring NOLA food spots and was VERY pleased I stopped in. Owner/staff were  informative and talented.  Craft rum drink and chill decor and view set me up for a great afternoon in the Quarter.  Then circled back with a friend to try a Cuban and it was delicious! High quality meat, pressed to perfection with fresh toppings. My dinning buddy held his sammy in the air sideways to illustrate that no grease or liquid was dripping from the creation; actually getting hungry typing that part. Anyway, had two cocktails that were spot on, but explore the offerings when you get there.  I would say can't go wrong after sampling a few food items, cocktails and allowing time to hang out and visit.As a former Miami native, this place rocks! The tres leche was to die for! The Little Black Star coffee/rum drink was unique and delicious, as well. Go here. You will not be disappointed.Everyone here is so sweet!  Awesome vibe, small space (a little hot in there, but helps make it authentic!).  INCREDIBLE food.  What more is there to say?Tried to order delivery a few nights ago, but the delivery person was off. Because of all the great reviews, we decided to try again tonight. I am so glad we did! The Cubano was the best I've had around here. Yes, it's a little pricey, but well worth it, because of the quality ingredients. Lean, tasty pork and ham, perfectly pressed and toasted, with bread and butter pickles. Delish! The avocado salad is simply amazing! Seriously, this is the best avocado concoction that I've ever put in my mouth! Can't wait to wander over there on a Saturday afternoon and check out the cocktails!Full disclosure:   I am a Cuban sandwich lover, and I don't have many options in the French Quarter, so I was extremely excited for El Libre to open!
Started off with an absolutely perfect cafe con leche in the morning of their first day  (had to check it out and get a menu!)
The decor is killer! The space is maximized and looks great, but the smell is captivating!  
So, later on in the day we ordered the Cubano sandwich and the avocado salad... Freaking unbelievably good!  The sandwich was crisp, fresh and delicious!  The avocado salad (avocado, corn, maybe some lemon and cilantro) was absolutely unique, so very fresh, and was a huge hit!  I've gotta go.., time to order another lunch!
Update: day two was even better!  Try the avocado salad people-- you're life will never be the same!
Update:  um, yeah, three days in a row 
Every time just as good if not better!Have been wanting to try this place out for a while and decided to stop in for a latte. It was excellent but they didn't have any cuban inspired pastries left to go with it. I really wanted the platano bread. The cuban sandwich is a little on the small side with no side item at $10 is a little much but you are in the quarter. The business is owned by a guy from Miami and his wife and its very cool looking and a great stop especially if you are hungry late in the quarter. Would be better if they had fried plantains on the side but they don't have a frier. Will be back.Stopped in for some lunch while visiting NOLA. Ordered the Cubano and the cafe con leche. I enjoyed both. The cubano was filled with pulled pork and the bread was delicious. The cafe con leche was nice and strong. The seating is very limited, there is bar style seating upstairs and a table for four. This is a nice hidden gem when you are craving cuban food.Best Cubano I have ever had! The cafe con leche was very good as well. I definitely recommend a stopThis is now my favorite place to eat a quick bite in New Orleans. I ordered the Pollo Flaco sandwich and it hit the spot. Bread was toasted, juicy chicken...just delicious. Restaurant itself is small and adorable.Very tiny cafe that might seat 12 people.  There is a very limited menu but all the food we had was fresh and delicioso!  The Cubano pressed sandwich, avocado corn salad and ice espresso, something latte were top notch.  Skip the monijo and daiquiri.Stopped in after seeing good Yelp reviews. Cute little place right off the main Jackson square. Not much seating but overall a fun local place. 
I had the vegetarian bowl, basically just white rice, black bean, corn, avocado and cilantro. I added pork which was good but cold. My boyfriend had the Cubano sandwich which he enjoyed but also wished the pork was warmer! 
Overall, it's a nice quick place to grab a bite but nothing to ride home about!The sandwiches (we had the cubano and a ham and cheese without egg) were so good! The taste of the pulled pork reminded me of childhood days when my mom used to cook the whole leg of pork and we would have it with literally everything! It is definitely a spot if come back to again! Absolutely loved it! The servers were very friendly and nice!