Meh. Not authentic at all. Food was ok and pricey. If you know real Mexican food skip it, Better to go somewhere else for "Mexican" and get a better bang for your buck. For example the "al pastor" was not spit roasted shaved pork, the "chile relleno" was a stuffed bell pepper.Hey, this place was great.
Clean, comfortable, cute... and the food is delicious!   
The service was friendly and attentive, and it's a treat to have such a place as a neighbor.
We had the guacamole, which was fresh and of generous proportion.
We also tried the steak tacos and the chiles rellenos with the side of roasted vegetables. 
Honestly, all were wonderful.  They were filling and authentic, and thankfully not drowning in cheese as you may find elsewhere.
We will definitely return to El Pavo Real.  Thank you!A thoroughly delicious and authentic place.  The husband and wife team in the kitchen have clearly poured love into the food and the place, the result being delicious food and a warm welcome.  
The staff, led by Edie, handled our crowd of 15 with grace, getting drinks in everyone's hands quickly.  The frozen margarita bears no resemblance to the tacky mess of bourbon st., it is a tart and refreshing beverage.  If you prefer sans booze, they have a great limeade.
The food rolled out in a steady stream, starting with fresh guacamole and roasted cheese dip.  The chips are warm and fresh, fried in house.  My carnitas was tender and flavorful.  Other hits on the table were the special crawfish tamale, huevos, and the shrimp salad.
All in all, it was a great meal.  We look forward to going back and enjoying the garden tables out back next time.Really great food in a cute space with friendly staff. I drove by this place every day for months without realizing it was there - it's right at the corner where Broad becomes Fontainebleau, across from the Keller library. There's a small parking lot, but street spots are usually pretty easy to come by. It looks small from the outside but is pretty spacious inside. Things can get a little noisy in the dining room but nothing too crazy.
The food I've had has been very fresh, well-seasoned, just all around tasty. The rajas con queso appetizer, which is a special, was my favorite on my first visit. On my second visit, there was a seafood queso instead, and the staff very nicely accommodated my request to make it without the seafood. I've had the enchiladas a few times and have been impressed. They also reheated well the next day since I filled up on queso and couldn't finish them. I always love a place that offers homemade horchata (rather than the super sweet stuff from a mix). El Pavo Real's version is nice, with a pleasant coconut overtone.
I hope that in the future, more vegetarian options are added to the menu, particularly as entrees. I've been very impressed with the food and would like to try more dishes. The prices are a bit high, but I think that's consistent with the quality. 
Oh, and BYOB, y'all!We had dinner  here last night!!! It is Delish!!!And byob.  You can also bring your own tequila  and they'll make you a Margarita with fresh squeezed juiceIt's a nice little place Uptown. The food reminds me of Johnny Sanchez without the extra price or the headache of having to park in the CBD. The enchiladas were amazing, it's oven broiled.  Chicken mole was so good, it's isn't like the thick, syrupy mole sauce you find at other restaurants. The chips and two types of salsa (red and green) are super dank, I believe the chips are house made. As of the time of this writing, they don't yet have a liquor license, so you can bring your own wine. I want to come back and try other things on the menu.Great meal! We went for brunch on New Year's Day and were pleasantly surprised to find authentic (if not a little fancier than normal) Mexican food right in our neighborhood! The portions were much bigger than expected, even for the sides, and my boyfriend's tacos were the best he has had in NOLA. Get the limeade, so good & fresh - and the guacamole too!Sorry but have visited twice; once on a week day and once on the weekend and find it sub par.
My first trip, I was going to try a few different appetizers with some horchata.   I ask for some empanadas and was told they're not serving those today.   The very polite, and only waitress, mentions the Taco special.  I ordered a pork and chicken taco.   
Takes a  year and day (again one waitress).  The chips and queso are divine and the horchata sublime.   I  took two bites of the pork taco and turned was so turned off, I didn't finish it.   The chicken was manageable. 
The upside, the waitresses takes the the one barely eaten taco of my bill. 
My second visit in order chips salsa guacamole Tomales and empanadas  oh no wait.  .. I can't have empanadas because they're 'out.'   resteraunt has been opened less than three hours.   I told the waiter, 'you were out of empanadas last time'   
Again, one waiter.  I'm told to wait to be seated.   The tables aren't clear my family and I are waiting to be seated  *sigh*.   Poor presentation, so so service, and disappointing foodWe went here for brunch and everything was so good! Glad to have this in the neighborhood!After living in Southern California you start to get snobby about Mexican food. This place might have the best Mexican food I have ever had. Seriously. Amazing. Food.Perhaps the best authentic Mexican food in New Orleans. I started my lunch with an awesome ceviche and had chicken enchiladas for an entree. Really fantastic. My wife had tamales with mole and pizole and loved them both. 
The space itself is quaint and bright, would be fun with a group I think. Next time I'll invite friends and go for dinner.El Pavo Real (The Peacock) has a simple exterior and interior, but everything is neat a clean. The wait staff are friendly hipsters (tattoos, dyed hair, tight shirts, skinny pants), and the prices are fair. I ordered the Chicken Enchiladas plate ($12.00), and it came with a small, green salad, sour cream,  and a bowl of black beans. I had this with some delicious, house-made habenero sauce. The enchiladas were medium sized, with dark meat chicken, a good, creamy red sauce, and an enormous amount of gooey, stringy, melted cheese. I loved it and would return. RJTI visited Pavo Real and this restaurant provided a terrible service experience. The waitress, a Caucasian female, approx. late thirties, brown shoulder-length hair in pony-tail, with mid-build was the worst waitress I've ever had in my entire life. 
She came up to the table, didn't introduce herself or welcome us, and just started off with a coarse stare and line about ordering. We ordered drinks, as I noted her initial disgusting attitude, off the bat. Following the drink order, she returned to ask what we wanted to eat. I, noticing the specials listed on the wall, asked if they still had Migas Rajas, as my guest had said they were out of the meat the previous day. She said,"Yes, we have it. It's not a special. It's on the menu." Looking at the wall, where it was clearly written, I repeated, "Oh, I was just wondering if you were out of the pork because she [my guest] came yesterday and was told you were out." The waitress once again forcefully stated, "Yes. We always have it it's on the menu. It's not a special." I asked, "The Migas Rajas? Because it is on the wall under Specials," pointing to the wall. She grabbed my menu, slid it over to her side of the table, and started slamming her finger over and over onto the Appetizers portion of the menu over "Queso Rojas", which is a type of cheese queso.  I, was shocked by her aggressive physical response, and tried to calmly explain, "That is queso. I'm asking about the Migas." She once again slammed her finger, tapping harshly in front of me, on my menu. I looked at her and said, "You are being incredibly rude and you need to stop immediately." She retorted with, "Sweetheart, I'm just trying to explain..." to which I immediately responded by getting up to go find a manager. I walked to the back, but the only other person available was a male server, whom I asked, "Can I please get another server? Our waitress is extremely unprofessional and I would not like to continue my experience with her." The male server said, "Of course," as the female serve walked up and through to the back. The male server took over our table, as the female server slammed dirty dishes at adjacent tables into the slosh bucket. Then, she dropped a child's ceviche all over the floor breaking the plate. Bad day? New server? Nope.... She ended up showing our male server how to run the register. This female is a senior server, if not a head server, or manager. If that is how they plan to treat locals, they'll be hurting for retention. Despicable. 
Food... sure. Not great, authentic tasting Mexican food, but not bad at all. . 
Margaritas... pre-bought bottle = overpriced
Service... not worth a returnFood is very different from what I'm use to ( I'm from Texas) but very delicious. The service is great and the restaurant is very clean.Love the food and atmosphere. This city was in need of some quality, authentic Mexican food. Always a go to..... But bring your own liquor; the liquor license is still in the works. The margarita mix is BOMB, though! 10/10Me and my boyfriend came here for a quick lunch on Dec 2, 2017. We didn't enjoy the food or the service by our waitress. 
The bad: 
Maybe it was her first day, because she wasn't able to answer any of our questions and left us more confused than when we asked. We also saw her confuse other customers. Then there was some plastic in my water. She said she would bring me a new one. She forgot. 
Lastly, the food. Service was a bit slow, so we asked for our meals to go. I got the enchiladas, they weren't very good and they put way to much cheese on them, not enough enchilada sauce. I picked the chicken out and ate that. My boyfriend ordered chicken tinga, he didn't like his at all. 
The Good:
There guacamole was AMAZING, and the waitresses were really nice. So it wasn't all bad lol, but I wouldn't come here again.I'm very picky when it comes to Mexican food but my oh my this place is very authentic. My husband & i brought my mother-in-law to try this place. The horchata has a coconut taste which i love coconut. I ordered 3 of them! We ordered the empanadas, the chips and salsa, and the rajas con queso as an appetizer. For our entrees we ordered the enchiladas, the chilaquiles and huevos rancheros. Everything was fresh! Very highly recommended!A friend posted a pic of his food and it looked so delicious that I insisted on trying this place.  Let me preface by saying that the food is good.  What I ordered was delicious.  However, why we won't go back is the price point.  First of all, the menu is very limited.  Second, it's ala carte.  Who does ala carte Mexican food?  While the food is good, it is EXTREMELY over priced.  We ordered the chili rellenos and the chicken enchilada.  On the chili rellenos, you had to pay 1.50 extra for cheese, which we did.  If there was a teaspoon of cheese added, we  would have been lucky.  While the flavor was good, it was a small pepper stuffed with corn, beans, and squash on top of maybe a tablespoon of rice for $15.  Really?  The enchiladas came 3 to an order - they were small and shoved into a 8oz baking dish.  They did come with a side, a whopping 2oz order of unseasoned black beans.  There is so many other places to get good Mexican food - Panchita's, Taqueria Guerrero, just to name a couple where the food is just as good and a much better value for the money.  The cost of lunch for 3 ppl, was 50 bucks, that was with all of us drinking water and no appetizers or dessert.  Fifty bucks for lunch at a Mexican place - really?  Once again, the food has good flavor but it's far too overpriced for what you are given.I love, love, love this place.  Everything I have tried on the menu is amazing.  Different and creative "specials" every time I come in.  The food is filling, but not heavy.  But the best is their popcorn and their staff!My husband and I went in this evening after work and were very disappointed. We seated ourselves and after a few minutes, a waitress shuffled over, mumbled something about menus and proceeded to play with her hair. She went away leaving us a bit confused, but appeared a few minutes later with water and menus. 
We looked over the menus and decided what to order, but the waitress was not around. There were only 3 other tables seated, so it was not busy and there was another waitress waiting on at least one of those tables. After a few minutes more, the waitress reappeared, dropped off a paper bowl of popcorn, mumbled something either to herself or us and shuffled away.
For 25 minutes we munched on popcorn and waited, watching as other  patrons were served. By this point I was very insulted (and hungry) so we left. 
Obviously the service is terrible, but there is something wrong with that particular waitress. She behaved as though she were under the influence of narcotics, shuffling about and playing with her hair.
Clearly, we were not wanted there and will not be returning.The owner of this restaurant made the experience that much better. She was full of smiles and suggestions. The food was superb! A bit more cheese than I am use too, but what else do you expect from a Mexican reataurantHats off to the chefs! 
My friends and I had a great time at El Pavo Real last weekend. We were looking for a place to go before a ball that was unique and reasonably priced. The servers were incredibly accommodating with our party of 8 and making sure that we had plenty of drinks and chips. 
We ordered a few appetizers, one of which was a deliciously moist tamale with a house sauce! SO GOOD! We also got our usual order of guacamole and salsa which never disappoints. 
The entrees came out in a reasonable amount of time and after the meal we got our checks in a timely manner. 
This should be on everyone's radar as a consistently delicious spot with an inviting and fun atmosphere. 
PS- don't miss out on happy hour! 2-for-1 drinks including margaritas.Authentic Mexican food in a cute, cozy neighborhood setting. We came here for Valentine's Day weekend and loved everything we ordered. The chiles rellenos verduras are vegan if you skip the cheese, and the poblano peanut sauce served with the dish makes the whole dish super tasty. 
The black beans are perfect. Same for the guacamole (a little spicy, but just the right consistency and plenty of it for the whole table to share). The chips were fresh, thick and crunchy and tasted homemade. Both salsas are spicy and full of flavor.  
My wife had the pescado vera cruz for an entree, which they prepare with fresh drum (her favorite). 
The little guy had a chicken and cheese quesadilla which was a little overdone on the outside but he devoured the whole thing in record time and said it was delicious.
Service was on point. Friendly, attentive, and helpful.
All three of us got out of there with two entrees, two apps, a quesadilla and limeade for $60. I hope this place makes it - it's great for the neighborhood and we'll definitely be back.
jeremyAlthough I've only been there once I have to say I really enjoyed it! 
Our server was very very sweet and personable. 
She took really good care of us. 
The coffee was delicious! Just like I like it! (Tasted like a medium roast) 
Our platters were filling and very tasteful. I savored every bite. Yummy!
The place was very clean with a bright ambiance!  (I don't like dark restaurants, especially for breakfast) 
I just wish they would open earlier since it is a pretty neat breakfast spot.Just had lunch here. Very attentive service!! Great authentic Mexican food. Guacamole was awesome. Torta milanesa special was good too. Will visit again !The best chilaquiles I've had in the United States. It reminds me of home! Wonderful food, incredibly fresh, high quality, ingredients. For the quality and quantity of food you get the prices are very reasonable. This is my home away from home, and my definition of comfort food!Disappointing to say the least. Horrible service. The food is super spicy.., they use lots of raw jalapeños in their tacos... watch out... your lips will burn!  The corn tortillas are thick and the tacos especially the hangar steak one has no sauce... all you taste are raw jalapeños.  The only thing worth eating are the chips that you pay $4 for. 
Don't waste your time going here. There are far better taco joints in the city.Very fresh and authentic Mexican. The only place in town that I can find house made corn tortillas. The service was prompt and courteous. I think this place is a diamond in the rough and they'll get better as they grow. Only open 2 weeks at the time of this review. I will definitely be back.Amazing!!! Every single thing was delicious! So fresh! The crawfish tamale which is a special was unbelievable! If you see it just order it! We went for brunch and it was a great environment. Great service as well. The guacamole, the homemade tortillas the queso, EVERY SINGLE THING rocked! We can't wait to go back.Best Fried fish tacos!!!!! The hanger steak taco and the chicken ones was good too. 
The al pastor tacos? Meh.....too much nutmeg I think.
They have taco Tuesday, where tacos are $2-3.50
But be careful, beers are $5Truly the best Mexican flavor in the city. The ceviche was so good we drank the juice, like Shelby. No one has just one margarita and the food was plentiful and not your typical Mexican menu. If you have not tried it, you're missing out!Phenomenal food. Best queso in the city. Also, brunch on the weekends is great and super cheap!Would love to be giving this place more stars because the setting and staff were great but the food doesn't deserve more. 
The Good:
The dining area is fun, bright, and clean. Good for groups of friends. 
The staff was very nice if a little bit harried (it was brunch and only two waitresses seemed to be working) 
The queso! This was a teeeeensy bit bland but a combination of hunger and hot cheese usually equals a big hit and this was a hit. 
The avocado sauce served with the hangar steak tacos. 
The plantains in mole. 
$4 bloody Mary's!
The Meh:
The food was across the board under seasoned. I ate with two friends and we ordered a lot of food (pictures attached for proof) and nothing blew us away flavor wise. 
Chicken Enchiladas were just okay and quite dry. 
Hangar tacos were just okay. They seemed to be coated in pre minced garlic which has a pretty noticeable taste that I don't love. The avocado sauce that comes with these is great though. 
Poblano and potato hash was noticeably low on poblano but was tasty. 
The Bad
Goooood lord was it slow! We weren't in a hurry and our group likes one another well enough that it didn't really upset us but we weren't checked on either while we waited or to see how we liked our food once it did eventually arrive.Magnificent! The deep fried chips are so crunchy and delicious. Cooked to perfection. I got the chicken tinga tacos. Very authentic. I'm so impressed. And our waiter Josh was such a sweetheart. I will be visiting again soon.I have found the spot that makes me feel like I am sitting at my home enjoying good food and drinks with family. El Pavo Real serves fresh food, good drinks and excellent customer service. When you walk in for the first time you hear a welcome and sit where you are comfortable. When you return the second time you hear a welcome back come on in and sit where you are comfortable. I have a whole new respect for Mexican Cuisine. Fresh, tasty, not too complicated. Just right. I will continue to go back again and again. There is always something new to try and experience with no pressure. Just smiles.The chips were homemade and very tasty. We also loved the guacamole and salsa. The tortillas are also homemade. I like my horchata a bit sweeter but it definitely didn't come from a mix. The carnitas were great as were the fish tacos. The prices are a bit high. Each horchata was $5. We kind of pigged out on appetizers and everyone in our party of 4 got a drink so the bill was in the $80's. It's not necessarily a place we can afford to come every week but the quality of the food is worth the price.I was actually pleasantly surprised after eating here. I was a little wary looking at the menu since I'm so picky. I got chicken enchiladas and the pintos; my husband ordered the mole poblano. My husband said the mole sauce is very good. The enchiladas had too much cheese, but were otherwise good in flavor. The chicken wasn't dry, which is a huge plus. The beans were AMAZING. The flavor and texture was outstanding. I would definitely come to order just the beans.
They provided plenty of salsa (a tomatillo salsa and pico de gallo), but not many chips. I would highly recommend increasing the serving of the chips! (PS - the chips were really delicious, made-from-scratch tortillas that were fried). The actual tortillas were a little on the dry side (before being deep fried into chips).
I think the prices are high for what they have, and the service was alright. I would say it took about 20 minutes for the food to come out, though.OH MY GOD THE SERVICE IS TERRIBLE... 10 minutes for coffee.... 20 minutes for chips and salsa and they give it to the NEXT table that had only been sat for 5-7 minutes ... How long will I have to wait for a cup of soup??? I see reviews how they are understaffed, but we ordered coffee before she got a rush of 4 extra tables and the other 2 tables that were sat before we arrived were already eating. So why did it take her 10 minutes for coffee? Why did she not bring out our chips and salsa automatically after we ordered? Chips and salsa takes less than a minute to pour into a cup and bring to a table. Also about 6 kitchen staff were just walking around.... Not preparing food. Completely unacceptable.This hidden gem is an oasis of amazing Mexican food. The full menu is served all day. The enchiladas are amazing, as is the Chilaquilles, and the taco's. Everything is homemade with fresh, high quality, ingredients. I highly recommend this neighborhood restaurant to anyone looking for an authentic and delicious meal in New Orleans!If you are tired of the normal Tex-Mex, this is the place. Located in a neat old corner store in Broadmoor at the top of Napoleon. 
Good margaritas, great Queso dip with caramelized onions, an excellent rendition of huevos rancheros, chicken mole and wonderful tamales. Small menu, but everything served around us looked great.This is a small, local joint that serves perfectly cooked southern Mexican food. It is definitely not tex-mex if thats what youre after. They don't have a liquor license yet, but they'll let you bring your own. The food is perfect. Every dish is exactly what it's supposed to be. The tortillas are made fresh for every plate! They are far and away the best tortillas in the city. 
The food is mostly a la carte.  Portions feel exactly right to me. The ceviche is my favorite in New Orleans. It's totally worth a tryThis is not Mexican food! We were served a small french fry container of popcorn instead of chips and salsa, a first for me in eating Mexican food for 60 years.  Chips and salsa are extra. I would compare food to boiled potatoes and white bread.  No spice at all. Even the guacamole was flavorless. Beans tasted like canned beans. I do not recommend this place if you are wanting Mexican food, plus it's over priced. I'll give it one star because the staff was very nice.I've frequented numerous walks over to Pavo Real. 
The freshness of their ingredients shows in the food and flavors. 
My favorite dish is their chicken mole. I enjoy a dark, rich textured mole which they bring to the table. Their mole has the complex layers that you enjoy throughout your entire meal. Obviously you have to compliment this dish with some authentic tortillas.  I mean your Abuelita in the corner handmade tortillas! Amazing dish. 
Now for the real deal,  margaritas. Best.in.town. I enjoy nice sugary tasting margs. You rarely get that with handmade ones, especially around here. I maybe biased but if anyone grew up on Tex-Mex...meet me for their happy hour!
Excellent restaurant!Totally Impressed! The carnitas were so tender, you didn't need a knife. It came with pinto beans & rice. The beans were so flavorful & creamy as if they'd been cooking all day. It was also served with homemade tortillas. My husband had the mole chicken which he equally enjoyed & had so much chicken he could not eat it all. We also ordered chips which came with 2 delicious freshly made salsas. Their margaritas are also freshly made & some of the best we've had. So glad we finally tried it!I've been to El Pavo Real for lunch with one friend, and dinner with 5 friends. Both experiences were wonderful. Lunch started with a comp snack of seasoned popcorn that was so good. I had the tamale, friend had tacos, and we shared the hash - delicious. Dinner was just as successful - everyone happy. This is a great neighborhood place with very good food.I live nearby and love this place.  Every time I've gone there, I've gotten great service and great food.  And tonight was no exception on the food.  The service,  not so great.  I usually sit at the bar,  and get great service.  Tonight not so.  I never had my drink refilled,  or was checked on despite the bartender being directly across from me many times.  I love the food,  and normally would give this place a 5 star,  but tonight it was barely a 1 star.  I will come back,  but only after checking out who is working.Came here for dinner with friends who regularly travel to Mexico and we were all very pleased with our experience here. The open, simple atmosphere is reminiscent of restaurants in Mexico. There's nothing pretentious or flashy here. The food was of course the best part. We all ordered a bit of everything: the fish tacos, chips and salsa, the chicken mole dish, the carnitas dish, the tamale. Everything was fantastic. 
The chips and salsa was a great value. I really enjoyed the house-made chips which we requested refills of. Both salsas were fantastically fresh and flavorful. 
The carnitas was melt-in-your mouth amazing. Definitely the standout dish. The beans and rice that came with it were far more than basic. 
I loved that the tacos came with DIY toppings of cole slaw, cilantro, lime, picked onions, and jalapenos. 
The tamale was good. I enjoyed the mole sauce that came with it. 
The best part was definitely the tortillas that accompanied the main dishes. They were thick, fresh, and house made. I thought the portions were generous and we all left very full. 
I ordered their Horchata drink which was interesting. I think they added coconut milk to it which made it a little too rich for me. 
Service was great. There was only one person running the front of the store and she was quick and friendly. 
We will definitely be back.I love, love, love this casual neighborhood spot. I've been three times, and the queso is the best I've ever had. The chicken enchiladas are mind-blowing, and a recent pork belly special they had was also fantastic. The margaritas are very strong. It's not a fancy atmosphere, and don't expect white table service. But the staff are pleasant and the prices very reasonable. I'm so excited to have it in the neighborhood! Easily the best mexican food I've had in New Orleans. My only complaint is that when it's busy, it can be very loud, but that won't keep me away from the food!Dude.  This joint is poppin!  The staff are super awesome and the food is just going to melt your face off.   Seriously though, are you depressed? Sick of the way your boss treats you with his passive aggressive comments?  Family issues?  Going to El Pavo won't fix any of that however there breakfast menu is absolutely phenomenal.  I'm ready to get some right now but it's 11:30 at night and they're not open but if they were you could bet your Ford Fiesta I'd be there because I'm someone who likes to eat kickass food at a great price with people who understand food and service on a spiritual level.   Get the black bean soup if you don't want to die alone.  No one wants to die alone.There's something slightly honorable about charging four dollars for chips and salsa. 
I'm a fan of a gratis bowl of chips, but there should be Mexican restaurants that remind us that the cuisine can be as worthy of upscale refinement as French or Italian food. Pavo Real is trying to take Mexican cuisine seriously, and it mostly succeeds.
The restaurant's biggest challenge is going to be the location. It's located right at the T-joint between Broad, Fontainebleau and Napoleon. The parking is tough and limited. Once inside, the dining experience becomes very charming. Big glass windows, high ceilings, an open floor plan with not too many tables to feel crowded. The space can get loud, though, between diners, the noise of the kitchen, and the big screen television behind the bar. 
No liquor license yet, but the bar will sell you mixed drinks if you're bringing your own booze. No objection to the patrons who brought their own wine.  
The three of us tried the carnitas, the mole poblano and the shrimp quesadilla (a daily special). Each of us was given a little paper bowl of seasoned popcorn to start- a nice little taste for those who miss the chips & salsa.   
The carnitas were delicious with pickled onions and very good Spanish rice. Very classy presentation and the portions were in line with other upscale restaurants. The shrimp quesadilla was fine- a little soggy, we guessed from resting while the other plates were prepared. The salad accompanying the quesadilla was the diner's favorite part of the meal- an orange vinaigrette with radishes and all sorts of fresh greens. 
The mole poblano was very good where it mattered the most: the sauce was one of the best of its kind I've had in New Orleans. A whole chicken breast and thigh were under the sauce, which was a very fair portion. However, the chicken was skin-on and had taken on an unpleasant texture. Easily removed, but a shame to waste. The dish was also served bone-in in a ramekin with a very unsharp butter knife. Cutting was hazardous. The inclusion of two homemade corn tortillas made up for the entree's problems. 
We also ordered a side of pinto beans, advertised as cooked in chorizo and hamhock. Absolutely delicious. 
Like most new restaurants, the dining room was understaffed. Our poor waitress had to handle the dozen or so customers and tend bar. She kept up with her work admirably under the circumstances. 
I'm really looking forward to riding my bike over here for breakfast some time soon. I didn't realize until just now how badly this neighborhood needs an early morning hangover spot with migas and bloody caesars. 
If you live in the neighborhood and occasionally enjoy Mexican food you don't order across a counter, give this place a shot. The whole community would benefit from some of the walking-distance dining opportunities other parts of this city benefit from, and if Pavo Real works out its new-restaurant kinks, it could be a valued part of the zip code for years to come.Could be the best Mexican food in Nola. Absolutely delicious. Simple, fresh, and prepared with care. I've eaten here for breakfast and dinner, both experiences were thoroughly enjoyed. I feel it to be reasonably priced with the right sized portions. The menu is authentic Mexican so don't come here looking for your usual Tex-mex menu. I can't wait till they get their liquor license, I'm sure they'll make delicious margs!Best. Empanadas. Ever. This place is the real deal for authentic Mexican food. The tortillas for the tacos are handmade & delicious. Their bar has tons of great cocktails and Mexican beers as well.This kind of looks like a hole in the wall type of place and the inside doesn't look too promising, but the food and the service we received made it well worth it. We were looking for a good brunch place, my boyfriend and I, and we stumbled upon this place on Yelp. I'm so glad we did, because it exactly satisfied our cravings for some great Mexican food. I definitely want to return to try out the dinner menu!Rude. Sad excuse for a Mexican Restaurant. It's a waste of my time to even write this, as they were so bad.Don't know why I hadn't heard about this place before yesterday. Great clean, cheery place with delicious food and really good, big margaritas. Tile floors, ceiling fans, cloth napkins... the Galatoire's of Mexican food! The soft shell crab taco special was yummy as well as the chili relleno which was nice and light since it wasn't deep fried. Can't wait to go back!The ceviche comes with chips now!! And the yummy spiced popcorn while you wait is a awesome addition! I really like this place!The service was terrible.
The food was okay at the best but way overpriced.
1. When we got there, we couldn't get our order in. We asked the hostess and as sweet as she seemed, really wanted to let our server take the drink and food order. So she politely went and told the server who was busy as hell making his drinks for other customers. To give you an idea, we literally got our drinks when we got main entree our food.
2. Twice, we had someone bring food to our table, put it down, and us have to tell them it was ours while we waited for our food. That gets annoying when you are hungry.
3. At checkout I was told that the three way split between cash and credit couldn't be done. However instead of asking us, the server decided to take it upon himself and make it a two way split between the credit card. Conveniently the 40 bucks in cash had been broken down to smaller change so we could tip them cash. This pissed me off the most, at least ask if it's okay to break it down two way. 
4. The food is mediocre. Seriously overpriced. You get a tiny fish on rice for a higher price than most Mexican places I go to.Wonderful new(ish) place in the Broadmore area! Delicious and straight forward Mexican food on the menu, refreshing Aqua Frescas, and creative cocktails. You can tell the dishes are family hand-me downs. And the tortillas and desserts are definitely hand made! Long hours, very convenient locations, and easy parking.This was an excellent choice for celebrating Cinco d Mayo.  Everything we tried was delicious.  A special "shout out" to our waitress, Jessica.  Her knowledge and exuberant description of the menu items made us want to try everything.  This is a real find.A small neighborhood Mexican restaurant with friendly service and a menu that touches all the basics. The ceviche was fresh and included shrimp, octopus, and local fish with lime and avocado slices. The tacos al pastor offered well seasoned pork pieces if a bit too salty, with a lovely pineapple salsa. The rice--for which they charge extra--was also too salty. The corn tortillas served with many dishes are made in house--as is almost everything on the menu--and are amazing: hot, fresh and tasty. Same goes for the white corn chips.
I have one major complaint: almost all dishes contain garlic. Garlic is not part of Mexican cuisine, but today so many Mexican restaurants in the US incorporate it into many dishes. I am not a purist, I understand and welcome how foods evolve, but if you have customers allergic to garlic--there are more than you might imagine--you should offer a substantial number of dishes without. This being said our server was able to work with the kitchen (we were there at a slow time) to offer a couple of dishes with no garlic. But the fish tacos without the sauce left it just acceptable. 
The restaurant is worth the four stars for many of its good points.This is my son and my fav Mexican restaurant. The hangar steak tacos are divine (especially the gluten free house made corn tortillas!). The chips are the crispiest with delicious pico de Gallo - so fresh and the guac is truly authentic and yummy. Everyone is a delight and it's a light filled ambience. (This part is from my son Tin: This place is so Gucci - try it now.) #GucciDining #fivestarsGoing to a restaurant only days after they open is always a questionable choice but boy am I glad we did!  El Pavo Real opened on South Broad across from the Rosa Keller Library last week and they are making waves in Broadmoor!
We found the service friendly and the speed just fine.  They brought spicy popcorn with our drinks and shortly after the tamales we ordered to start.  The tamales were dark and perfect.  I'm not a mole fan but it was served on the side and my wife said it was lovely.
She ordered the chicken enchiladas as her entree and found them lovely.  Cheesy in a red sauce and very flavorful.
My carnitas plate was the highlight of my day. Melt-in-your-mouth tender.  Absolutely delicious and beautifully presented.
At a very affordable price Broadmoor will be keeping this new gem hopping!Amazing. The guacamole is made to order & is the best I've ever had in a restaurant, maybe the best I've had period with the perfect balance of jalapeño & lime. 
We got a lamb stew special and it was perfect for the rainy day, beautifully spiced. Fish tacos, ceviche, and chicken mole were all delicious. 
They make their tortillas in house and serve breakfast all day. Bring a bottle of cava and it's the perfect Mexican brunch spot. (Plus they show Saints games so you don't have to miss 'em). 
Service was great-fast & attentive, and the chef/owners are Super lovely. 
We'll be back to try the rest of the menu!This place was very welcoming and great service.  The food here is very good and you must try the EmpanadasBest huevos rancheros ever,  love this place! !!!
Will be back,  to try other items.
Good coffee,Ok I straight up NEVER write yelp reviews, but I am making a one-time exception for this place because it really deserves a shout out.  This is without a doubt my new favorite restaurant in New Orleans.
I grew up in Southern Cali near the border, and I don't play around with Mexican food.  This place makes some of the best handmade tortillas I've ever had.  Their carnitas meat was listed as "perfectly tender," and it was, in fact, perfectly tender.  Even the simple sides like potato hash were mouthwateringly savory.   
The service was fast and our server was a joy.  It was totally affordable. They had a great background playlist of classic but not annoyingly overplayed songs.
We couldn't bring ourselves to leave, and were the last ones in the place after closing time.  Instead of kicking us out after we'd paid the bill, they treated us to sangria on the house..Excellent food and great service! Very authentic Mexican food, kid-friendly and cute decor. 
Fried plantains in a Mole sauce as lagniappe!Delicious and authentic food. We go to this restaurant about twice a month and chef Lindsey never disappoints!!I love this place - our food was delicious, drinks divine, and hospitality was warm.  We had Sunday brunch here, and my favorite was the horchata, followed by the watermelon frozen margaritas!  But the food is delicious as well - the guacamole was some of the best I've had, ceviche fresh and clean, queso divine.  I'll definitely be back with our next trip back to New Orleans!Love the food here! I was weary because I'm obsessed with Juan's blackened redfish tacos, but I ordered the fish tacos here anyways. I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious they were. On my second visit I ordered the chile relleno. Unreal!!! It's not like the kind your normally get, it was in a roasted red pepper and had much better ingredients. I was sad when I was done with the last bite. I like the quaintness of the restaurant and how it's off the beaten path. My new favorite Mexican restaurant.Unbelievable margaritas and service. Brittany was our waitress. She has unbelievable attention to detail. Ensuring we knew the history of the restaurant. The juice they make there for margaritas is sensational..So delicious and authentic. My favorite spot Uptown for Mexican food! You can't beat the tacos and the margaritas.Food was decent (had the breakfast burrito) but it definitely doesn't provide an authentic Mexican culture/food experience. I guess that should've been expected of a Hispanic restaurant in New Orleans. Service was good though!This place is a GEM!!! I'm so glad my friend and I went. The food is amazing and so well priced and portioned. Their happy hour is also fantastic (1/2 price dips and drinks). The queso was unlike any other queso I've had and was absolutely delicious. I have been back multiple times. It's so cute and home-y on the inside and the staff is very nice and knowledgeable. Their breakfast menu is just as yummy as their lunch/dinner entrees.House margs with Rojas Con Queso with Chips and Salsa was a perfect snack. Friendly staff. I recommend it - enjoy.Well now it has finally happened and NOLA has achieved being more expensive than New York, Los Angeles and Austin so hipsters rejoice.  The Caldo de Pollo at El Pavo Real is the most expensive I've ever had anywhere at $14.25 so with tax and tip it was a $20.83 lunch so I would've done better going to Commander's Palace.  This is also the laziest version of this soup I've ever had as the chicken came on the bones and it ended up being the least amount of meat I've ever had in any version of this dish as all I got was two chicken wings, one drumstick and small cut of thigh.  Usually you hope to eat your soup without having to dig your hands in but this one definitely requires the hands and fingers to get immersed and your shirt will get splattered so plan on a messy eating experience with this. 
In Austin I used to eat Caldo de Pollo in an upscale restaurant for $8 and that included my iced tea and buttery biscuits drizzled in honey.  At nearby Taqueria Guerrero this dish is $9.99 and comes with much more stuff in it.  I could get a Vietnamese Pho Ga with way more food in the soup for $6 or $7.  So under a $1 in meat and maybe another $1 in vegetables makes quite a killer profit margin for this dish but it kills my desire to return as this Caldo was among the least desirable I've ever encountered and the price is outrageous for other than hipsters (OTH).My wife and I decided we wanted to go out to a Mexican restaurant in the Uptown area. We were talking to our daughter, Kate (a med student here in New Orleans), and she recommended a new place, El Pavo Real. That was kind of funny, because I actually did some Business Plan writing work for them prior to their opening, and I don't know why I haven't visited earlier. Even though I met the owner when she was putting the place together, and she was probably working the kitchen when we visited (she is a top chef who is from New Orleans but has worked in both New York City & New Orleans markets... her husband is a native Mexican with a ton of culinary talent), we decided just to order & eat incognito. If it wasn't too good, I suppose I just wouldn't have written a review at all. I still haven't seen the owner, but I will ask to see her next time I stop in. But wow...!!! It was absolutely great! We got there early (sixish) on a Saturday, so we could pick our seat (it started filling up later). Our server, Jessica, was amazing. I'd give her an A+. She was friendly, knowledgeable, and I never had to ask for an iced tea refill, which always came with a lemon. It is really pretty inside, a combination of old-fashioned New Orleans look with the mosaic tile floor that must've been from many decades ago, and more, hip upbeat touches and artwork. Very clean, calm & romantic. We got the salsa & chips appetizer, which came with a really tasty salsa verde (which I usually am not wild about, but this one was really great), as well as a flavorful pico de gallo. My wife & I both loved both of the salsas, and Jessica refilled our chips without asking. I ordered the Cheese Enchiladas, which were absolutely the best I've ever had, served in an oblong casserole-type dish with plenty of melted queso. It must have had a Chile Rilleno inside it (or whatever, I'm no expert on Mexican fare), because it had that flavor and taste and texture of a juicy, slightly spicy large pepper inside. There was also a corn flavor and texture similar to a homemade tamale. I also ordered a Side House Salad. It was fresh, crispy, and had a vinaigrette-type dressing with a unique, mildly spicy Mexican flavor that I loved. I got my wife to try it & she concurred heartily. She ordered the Fish Tacos and got two large soft tacos with crispy fish. I had one bite of my wife's, and it was excellent. I believe they make most of their tacos & even chips in-house.Then, the coup de gras (not sure how to say that in Spanish)...the Mexican Vegetables that my wife ordered. So yummy, perfectly seasoned and perfectly prepared. I will definitely order that next time for myself and also explore more of the menu. New Orleanians like me have long lamented the dearth of quality Mexican restaurants here. We also like a couple of other places, but El Pavo Real is now our #1 Mexican restaurant.Being a Native Texan from San Antonio, I have been in a fugue state in NOLA due to the lack of good Mexican food. For the record this is not Tex Mex but closer to Mexico City style food.  We had the chilaquiles verde, chicken tinga tacos, and huevos rancheros along with chips and salsa. The chilaquiles have a nice verde sauce and are loaded with poblano peppers, onion, and cheese with two runny yolked poached eggs. The were very good, only lacking a touch of ezapote. The tinga was also very good and served with homemade corn tortillas. The huevos rancheros were solid. The chips were not out of a bag. One salsa is closer to what some consider to be pico but we grew up eating as salsa Fresca. The black beans were good (mine are better and I like more cumin). Our bill with coffee and tea for three of us was 37.00 which was not bad for New Orleans. 9.00 for huevos is close to the TX cost!The enchiladas and ceviche were soooo good!! The ceviche should definitely come with chips or a tostada...they're currently sold separately. 
In my quest to find Mexican food similar to what I'd find at home...this is probably the best! The price point is a bit higher than a typical mom and pop Mexican restaurant but it is definitely just as delicious!Yum! This place is always good! You can't go wrong with any dish on the menu. The steak tacos are probably my favorite! Also love the queso!