I'm late adding the review but I visited here in Feb of 2013 while on my honeymoon. My husband and I both ordered the alligator sausage and crawfish etouffe. I got a steak as well. The alligator was OK, nothing you write home about. The etouffe was mediocre. The steak was overcooked and tasteless. We spent a fortune for crap. 
The following morning we found a wonderful little place for breakfast & when we mentioned or experience we were told this was the absolute worst place to eat on Bourbon Street. I don't know if it's gotten better or not but I'm not wasting more money to find out.Don't waste your time.  Too many other decent places.  The waiter was rude and didn't have the time for us.  He stopped by once after about 10 minutes and took our complete order.  Returned to drop off 2 plastic water cups and stale bread, then again to deliver all the food at once - even the appetizers with the main course --slammed them on the table, turned and left.  The food looks as is it all comes pre-cooked from Smart & Final or Costco and just re-heated.  It was so bad I warned a couple waiting at the bar and another looking over the menu at the Front Door.I remember Embers as a good steakhouse before Katrina. I made sure it was on our list when we went for vacation. The place has totally changed.  Poor service (even for NOLA), surprisingly bland food and high prices. I used to visit every time I was in town for business. No more. :(The barker was very good. He was the reason we chose the place. The service was terrible.  We ordered gumbo and a salad each. The waiter spilled my wife's gumbo on the table and wiped it on the floor.  Not a little a lot. The salad was small and to much dressing. We asked for the dessert menu and he forgot it. We asked for extra napkins and he forgot them. We asked for the check and we paid he gave the change to the wrong table.   Stay away if you want a good meal. Sorry Ray you sucked as a waiter.when people visit from out of town, they want to go to the places i tend to avoid. but as a good host, i took friends to the french quarter, and everyone decided that ember's menu wasn't terrible so we piled inside. we were seated upstairs where one other table was occupied. we quickly ordered food as everyone was starving, and waited. 
and waited.
and waited. 
ordered some drinks.
 they had never heard of a hot toddy or an irish coffee.
we waited some more. finally after an hour and 20 minutes (without even some bread or even a damn cracker or something) , the waiter comes out to tell us that the kitchen STILL hasn't started any of our food orders. so we left. (after waiting another 15 minutes for our drink check, which the waiter finally just told us to forget about)
though after reading the reviews of the food and its horrifying after-effects, i'm relieved that we didn't actually eat anything, i will NEVER be back.Discovered Embers by way of spying the terrific balcony over Bourbon Street. A friendly reception was followed by friendly and attentive service from Renard, our waiter. The oyster and shrimp Po-boy's were tasty and basic (true to their gastronomic heritage) and priced appropriately - the view of Bourbon Street activity from the balcony was terrific. Go for the service and the balcony, and you won't be disappointed.This spot deserves five stars for excellence. I've been here for steaks in the past and the bone on rib eye is awesome. 
Now I eat seafood and they have captured my heart with great crawfish and catfish. 
Top it off with a oralgasmic delight bread pudding topped with foster sauce OMG !!!
This spot is in the heart of Bourbon street and when you finish you can party. Thanks Rita for excellent service. You are so sweet my love !Stale bread, overpriced meal and a filet that was the wrong cut.  Avoid at all costs or pay for it.The best thing about this place was the view from the balcony seating overlooking Bourbon Street. We order the shrimp po boy and the catfish po boy. The fish was cooked to perfection, but the po boy was a little boring by New Orleans standards. Lettuce and tomato and that's it.
The dessert menu looked promising but we were ready to move on.
I've seen a few reviews complaining about the service. We were seated right away and our server was very attentive. No complaints there!A group of us dined here on a Friday night, at a patio table. The view of Bourbon Street was fantastic. I ordered the beef brisket meal. The meat was cooked to perfection. It was very tender and had an incredible taste from the sauce. It also came with fries and cornbread cakes, which were totally delicious. The only downside of the meal was the waiter. We had a hard time understanding what he was saying, but his service was good. Not sure about all the bad reviews - we thoroughly enjoyed our meal and time here.Pros: staff was friendly. Cons: everything else. Food is worse than mediocre. Prices are ridiculously high. This place only survives because it's right on Bourbon street and feels approachable to tourists. I had the burger (the "cheap" option at $13)...it was mediocre...at least I got to pick my cheese. My pal had the pork tenderloin (over $20) and she only ate half of it,,,it was NOT very good at all, but she was starving. The veggies it came with were mushy & the mashed potatoes were gross. We were jetlagged and starving and just wandered in because they had over-aggressive folks on the street, bullying folks into eating here. Don't eat here. Don't!We went here for the balcony overlooking Bourbon Street.  The balcony was really nice, and the drinks were OK.  We ordered some fried oysters, and the meat pie as appetizers.  The fired oysters were OK at best.  The meat pie was "questionable".  My wife and I ate the same things that night, with the singular exception of the meat pie...  I did not fair well (alcohol was not a factor), and she was just fine...  You decide...1 star- Great balcony view!
1 star- The absolute nicest server ever!
1 star- Pretty good food, not great, but it was filling
Overall, not the best place in New Orleans, then again I was recovering from a Hurricane episode so perhaps I didn't get to enjoy it to its fullest! A great place to sit, watch Bourbon street below, and get wonderful service.Stay away!!!?
Dinner bread 5 days old
Salad contaminated with mayo
Burger=old bread & frozen nasty patty with an off taste. Listen, I know I can't expect gourmet food at 10:00 pm but when I wish I was at McDonalds that says a lot. Awful!One star only because zero is not an option. I can't actually provide a true review because we left before completing our order. The place was practically empty on a weeknight...our party of four placed our orders.  One of us wanted their french onion soup but the waitress said they were all out.  A short while later our waitress returned to inform us they were out of brisket. Bummer...so we revised our order.  Back she came "you're not going to believe this but we're also out of the BBQ beef."  after the fourth "we're out of that" we hopped up and left.  Fortunately we had not gotten around to placing our drink orders yet so we were free to bail on the spot. What a complete joke of a restaurant! They are obviously hurting and cutting corners where ever possible.  After reading some of the reviews, I'm glad we escaped a potentially horrible meal here.There isn't much in the way of ambiance here. Kind of reminds me of the staged Western theme on any number of theme park roller coasters. Lots of wood paneling and beams.
If you have a phobia of enclosed spaces, you may want to pee elsewhere. The ladies room is so tiny and narrow that I had to turn sideways to enter/exit the stall, and I am pretty small so I have no idea how someone over 125lbs or the age of 55 would manage to pop a squat without requiring the jaws of life to leave the facility afterward. 
Our entrees were decent: Lemon chicken, Embers special of filet and shrimp on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes, and a big platter of ribs.
The real highlight of the meal was the Suicide chocolate cake, Bourbon pecan pie, cheesecake, and bread pudding bananas foster. It made almost hyperventilating in the bathroom totally worthwhile.A large group of us stopped in here rather late on a weekday. That might have been our first mistake but in no way were we pushing the limits of their closing time either. We just needed a place to eat that would accommodate 8 people. 
We sat on the balcony overlooking Bourbon. I ordered a burger. Tasted okay going down but definitely nothing special. We were starving and this place filled the void.
Service was extremely rushed. 
Later that night the horrible stomach cramps and diarrhea began. It lasted for two days. Sorry if that's TMI but consider yourself warned!This place is waaaayyy too expensive even for Burbon st. 1 crab cake that really was not that good, was $12.  Something called Fried Meat Pie was awful also $12. Keep in mind this is just the appetizers. We stopped right there and left. Will never recommend this to anyone. 
Beware these ppl are very smooth in taking you in to eat. Do not get fooled.Alright, I wish I could give this place three and a half stars. It isn't quite four but three seems like not quite enough.
Like most others who probably wander in here, my friend and I were on Bourbon Street and wanted to eat. It was initially a bit disconcerting that there appeared to be nobody else in this establishment but we went in anyway. We ended up splitting the prime rib and each got a baked potato and a salad (and gigantic drinks in collectible plastic cups, of course!). I have no complaints about the food, really. It was good, nothing mind blowing. 
The waiter was really, really nice, though! I felt kinda bad for him, since we appeared to be the only customers and all. As we were finishing, though, a group of really obnoxious drunk people came in and it made me realize how much working at a restaurant on Bourbon Street must suck. 
Another thing I liked about this place is the prime people watching location. We sat right by the window and watched everyone go by. I think they also have a balcony which would be nice for nights that it isn't so hot outside. I know it's predominately a tourist place but eh, we were tourists it got the job done.The place wasn't too shabby. The waiter was very helpful and pointed out items he liked (not even the expensive stuff!). Anyways, I had the oysters which was really good in their special sauce (no not that special sauce). The only problem there was that they only gave a few oysters! The beef brisket was actually pretty good. All in all, it was nothing crazy, but Embers definitely doesn't deserve less than 3 stars. 
PS - stay away from the balcony if you have a fear of heights. Its on a slant and I thought I was gonna fall off.we got suckered into going here because we were on Bourbon Street. We should have stayed away from the strip, but we wanted to check it out. We sat up top as instructed where we could hear the crooners croon -- that's code for terrible Karaoke. It was Don't Stop Believe and other songs by Bon Jovi and Elton John -- who the hell brings out Don't Stop Believing at 7 PM? Everyone knows that's a bar closer.
Well the food was mediocre and the service was pretty decent. Got some good info from an old timer who was serving upstairs -- he said Frenchman Street, but don't walk there at night. 
NOLA is like a mystery still to me and I am beginning to think it's one big tourist trap -- plus it's nothing like that James Bond movie Live and Let Die... but then again, that was a shitty bond movie anyway.Dinner was a disappointment. I ordered the crawfish etouffee. Small portion. It was more like a appetizer size. I had to order a shrimp Po-Boy for dessert to cure the crave. It was alittle expensive to have such small portions. Oh and the cook set the kitchen on fire and shut the place down for twenty minutes.I went to Embers in May of 2010. It was the first place after checking into a hotel and it was close. It was around noon and it just opened. There was little open at noon. 
The server was not to great.
I ordered a ordered a cheeseburger which they would only cook medium well or well, no temperature below. It was an ok burger not bad but not great.
Service:  Service was just ok and slow. 
Embers seems to take their location on Bourbon Street for granted.Worst food I had on my trip. Food was cold, bland and service was beyond bad. 208 dollars later and all I got was the shitsOur first dinner in New Orleans was at Ember's. We were seated upstairs on the balcony overlooking Bourbon Street. It was a great way to start our trip.
Since it was our first evening in the city, we decided to try it all - crawfish tails, fried alligator, jambalaya, catfish, stuffed crab, red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee...between the six of us, we ate a lot that night!
I wouldn't say it was the best food we had on our trip, but it was a great start for us to try everything. 
We also had Hurricane's there, super strong, super sweet. We had Hurricane's at other places later in the week, but I still think the ones at Ember's were the best.
This is a great place to experience the best of New Orleans and Bourbon Street.We visited The Embers this weekend and I don't even know where to begin. I had eaten there years ago and it was quite good so my boyfriend and I decided to have our Saturday evening dinner there. The service was poor, we had to seat ourselves and get our own menus and it only got worse. After about the third bite of our steak I couldn't stomach another bite. I have never returned a meal but it was so full of fat and extremely rare (still cold) although I ordered medium rare. I could of dealt with the cold but not the fat. The salad was a small amount of iceberg and one small slice of tomato and our "loaded" baked potato was far from that. It was dry and lacking. It took about 15 minutes for our server to muster up enough energy to check on us. We returned the food and requested our bill and no offer of a discount was given. I found the manager and have never been so offended or humiliated in my entire life. I was told that she could tell when we ordered that we were going to ask for a discount and continued to offend us for several minutes before we could pay our bill and get out of there. I didn't think that it could be possible for the rantings of a crazy manager to put a damper on our New Orleans vacation but she succeeded.The embers was recommended to me by the clerk at my hotel when I asked for a good steak nearby.
The fillet was great, but I don't recall the last time I had worse service. My waiter was incredibly rude and honestly may have been drunk. There was definitely a smell of booze. And he wore this giant scarf the whole time even though it wasn't cold. I have no idea what that was about but I kept thinking the ends were going to accidentally touch food or me. Overall, the food was good and the atmosphere was pleasant, like a retreat from the chaos of bourbon, but not worth it since I couldn't really enjoy my meal. The hostess and the door man were real nice though.Like most restaurants right on Bourbon Street, this place is a joke. This was my first time in NoLa and even though I did a little bit of research and had been forewarned to avoid the strip, my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a shot anyway.
It's a quite respite from the noise of Bourbon Street that starts about noon and literally goes till about 4AM. But don't let the charming staff and white table clothes fool you. There is almost nothing to distinguish this place from Long John Silvers. It was overpriced fast food. And not even good fast food. You have to leave Bourbon Street to get good food. In fact, all you have to do is go one block over to Royal Street where there are a bevy of my much, much better restaurants. If you're feeling adventurous, go all the way out to Frenchman Street.
Avoid this place. It is so mediocre, it's an insult to mediocrity.It wasn't terrible, but it's pricey and not really brilliant for its price.   It does have good balcony seating.  But that's about it.  We had three steaks - they were OK but nothing worth getting excited over.  Service was fine.  Drinks had too much ice.I ate at this restaurant with a dining companion this past Saturday night.  There was a nice modern look to the restaurant with a small kitchen that was completely viewable from every where in the dining room.  They also quickly pushed upstairs anyone who was visibly intoxicated in order to make for a nicer dining experience.
We decided to start off our meal with the Nicholas Oysters.  They came out plated on a bed of brown sauce and that combined with the fried oysters gave little color to the dish.  The oysters themselves were good, tender and spicy while the brown sauce tasted a bit like A1 to me.  For dinner I decided to have the Alligator Sausage Po Boy while my dining companion had the Cajun Platter.  There is not much to say about my meal: alligator sausage, lettuce and tomato on a french bread with steak fries.  The sausage had a nice flavor but I had a tough time eating it on the dry french bread without a condiment and eventually went for some hot sauce.  The fries were your standard steak fries but were bland and needed at least a little salt.  Overall I was pretty unhappy with my meal.  My dining companion confirmed that she had a similarly underwhelming meal with only the catfish really being good.
The bottom line for me is that I would not be back to this restaurant in the future.  Granted that I went to a steak house and did not buy a steak, I still wish that my food had tasted better for the money that we spent.Food absolutely not worth the price. Red beans and rice tasted vinegary. The catfish tasted like dirt. The sausage tasted like something from the grocery. The rolls were stale. The service was just decent.   My husband and I ate here New Years 2011 and had a great meal with great service.  Brought our teenage kids on our next trip to N.O. and brought them here thinking we would have the same great experience.  I'm not sure if there was a management change, but, the food and service really went south.We ducked into Embers after settling into our hotel.  It was around noon and was one of the only places opened.  First impressions were that the server was miserable at his job when he replied "just another day" when we asked how he was.  
Food:  We ordered a cup of gumbo, which was gross.  The broth of the soup looked like diarrhea and pretty much tasted like it.  I also ordered a beef empanada appetizer as my meal, this was tasty and fried with a spicy sauce to accompany it.  My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger which they would only cook medium well or well, no temperature below.  He seemed to enjoy it with no complaints.  
Service:  Service was just soso, you could tell the service was only offering to get more drinks for tips as we were the only customer in there.  
Embers should consider offering more lunch type entrees in their menu.  Most of it was overpriced larger meals that for lunch, one would not be interested in.  The only lunch type entree was Po'boys which I had no interest in.
Overall agree with the comment below:  Embers takes for granted their location on Bourbon Street, and because of the great location does not have to strive to be great.Mediocre food with matching service.  The people watching ability from the balcony on Bourbon St is it's redeeming quality.  I got something as simple as a meatball sub, and it was bland.  Also my drink tasted like sugar in a cup - bleh.  I couldn't drink it.  And in the bathroom my knees literally hit the door when I closed it.  Good thing I'm only 5'7".Our first crawfish in New Orleans, and despite the iffy reviews on here, it was pretty darn good.
We wandered past early in the day.  I tried a local beer, Pontchartain Pilsner, and was underwhelmed.  But that's not their fault.  We each got gumbo, seafood for me and chicken and sausage I think for Sweetie.  They were pretty good.  Then we shared the crawfish salad, you know, to be healthy.  And wow!  The veggies were fresh and decent.  But the fried crawfish- outstanding.  I wanted more.   I ate every bit.  Oh, and there was bacon and dressing too, but I pushed them aside to get at the crawfish.  
Good service, nice atmosphere, great food.  Maybe not the best in a town with so many options, but plenty good.  There's a balcony upstairs, but it was cool out.This was the worst dining experience I have EVER had. They only get one star because I can't give none.
A group of us stopped in on Saturday during the Red Dress Run. When we walked in and saw very few people and only one waitress, we expected service to be pretty slow, but that doesn't even begin to describe how we were treated. Our group was largely made up of people working in the service industry, so when one of us asked how the waitress's day was going we were surprised to hear she was "slammed against the wall" especially since there were 3 tables in the restaurant at the time. Apparently she decided this meant all she had to do was take the orders. We saw this waitress 3 times. Once to take drink orders, once to take food orders and once to deliver food. After we sat for about 30 minutes waiting for the check (with empty plates and empty water glasses), my boyfriend went to ask for it. She rudely replied that she had already dropped off the check and we were too drunk to see it. It was not, however, anywhere to be found. She finally came and brought the checks and said "Sorry guys, free drinks for everyone," but when I looked at the tickets she had charged us for the drinks.
After that I asked to speak to a manager. He immediately told me that there was nothing he could do about the service because he only had one server. I told him that the waitress was not just busy, but straight up rude. Admittedly, I was pretty angry at this point and said she treated us like shit. He then told me that I was asking for poor service because I was cursing. He never once apologized for the service or attempted to remedy the situation.
I am currently attempting to get in touch with higher management because the service from both the waitress and the manager was so terrible. 
All this AND the food was terrible and overpriced.The food was okay. The filet mignon was tender, but not the most tasty; not worth the money.  It was nice to seat on the balcony and absorb the craziness below us on the streets. The waiter was nice. This was in February of 2011Being on bourbon street we were worried that it would not be good. There were not that many people in here and so that further added to the worry. We were very wrong. The food was excellent. My wife had the redfish and I had the strip and both were phenomenal.  I highly recommend.Our server was nice, very attentive and friendly.  The   Gumbo was delicious!  Beer was cold, drinks were cold. We all shared some seafood combo baskets. The shrimp was dynamite! Gulf shrimp. .mmmm.... it was pricy for bar food. But the view was great and drinks kept coming.View from Bourbon St balcony is the best I say - poor, slow service paired perfectly with a couple of sandwich orders that took over 30 minutes to come from the kitchen when there was hardly anyone else dining.  Tourist trap of the worst sortI ended up here after we were dumped on Bourbon after our flight. We were overwhelmed and disgusted and shocked by the deluge of pizza, machine drinks, and smut.
Disoriented, with low blood sugar we shuffled up the street, overwhelmed by the mayhem. In our condition, we wanted to eat and have a drink! Now! and, above the mayhem. 
Embers to the rescue. 
Up on the balcony, we were finally relaxed and happy. 
It took forever to get any one to come feed us, but once our girl came over, (she was sweet, funny, irreverent) up on a terrifyingly tilted balcony, it was great. 
She brought us our much needed cocktails pronto, and even though they were poor and expensive, they hit the spot in our deprived state. The longed for basket of bread came fast, but was, unfortunately, inedible. 
The food was on par with the drinks. I had redfish with crawfish and a potato that had baked much too long. 
The food, when compared with other places I visited was poor, but the sight seeing was spectacular, and the staff was too. 
Bourbon has a constant parade, and if you can't stand to be in it, this is great perch. 
Up above, I watched an underage blond drunk in heels who had been chucking the inedible bread at pedestrians below in the street, stumble, over correct, pin ball off the railing, then the wall, then stop inches short of the edge of the treacherous tilted balcony. It was so scary, I made up my own t shirt slogan: 
I came all the way to New Orleans, and all I got was this maternal instinct.
You can quote me. Haley NicoleGood service. Terrible food. 
I asked the server for the best thing on the menu and it was terrible. 
Don't wast your money here.Yes!  Balcony seating on a corner restaurant!  It's like dinner and a show!  Located in the historic "original bourbon house" in the center of the French Quarter, the big draw here is a second-story balcony where patrons sip cocktails and watch the foot traffic at the corner of Bourbon Street and St. Peters.  We were lucky enough to come at the right time to grab their last available balcony table at that time.  
Food-wise I'd rate Embers average to maybe slightly above average.  The alligator sausage is definitely worth a try just to say you ate "alligator."  Nothing really special...good sausage flavor but a little tough/chewy.  For my entree I had their crawfish etouffee which again wasn't one of the best I've had but was decent.  For dessert I had their southern bread pudding with bourbon sauce which was pretty good...the best part of the meal I thought.  All in all not a bad meal for around $20/person plus drinks.  
While dining on the balcony we did observe some interesting shinanegans down in the street...people dancing or think they can dance, a drunk guy wearing a purple toga trying to hit on every girl that walked by, interesting karaoke singing going on at the bar across the street, a fight almost breaking out but broken up by the bouncer from the karaoke bar, and almost everyone with a drink in their hands walking down the street...nice!
Well, I wouldn't say I would go back to Embers for a second meal...which I didn't...but it's a decent place for a cajun/creole meal to satisfy the hunger and get you padded up for the long night ahead of endless bar hopping along Bourbon St.I made Saturday-night reservations for an indoor table for my party of four, and I made them a couple weeks in advance.
When we arrived, the restaurant was almost empty. The gentleman on the ground-level, when I told him we had reservations, said "they probably want you upstairs." Once we arrived upstairs, I told them we had a reservation. They asked for our name, and couldn't find our reservation. They obviously didn't have it. This wasn't a big deal, because the restaurant was empty, but it was still a little bothersome. Since they didn't have our reservation, they didn't see our preference for an indoor table, and the gentleman seating us said "follow me" and took off for the balcony so quickly we could barely keep up. When I saw we were going outside, I attempted several times to get his attention before he finally heard me over the Bourbon-street din, and he seemed genuinely surprised when I told him we would prefer to sit indoors.
We were seated at a table that was a little too small - but it was the largest they had in the indoor space upstairs. The outdoor tables would have been a little larger.  Sitting indoors ended up making little difference - we were still treated to the muggy heat from outside and all the sights and sounds of Bourbon St. since all the doors were open. Some kids on the balcony across the street from where we were seated were vomiting, so we got to see that right before we ate, but that's not the restaurant's fault and hey, that's Bourbon Street for you!
The dinner ended up being overall very excellent, though. Our server - the same gentleman who seated us - was very friendly and helpful (he let me make a potato substitution even though the menu says "NO SUBSTITUTIONS"). Our drinks were delicious (I had some sort of Everclear-melon liqueur concoction that came in a cup the size of a small bathtub), and the prime rib (which everyone at the table ordered) was cooked to perfection. When I order prime rib "rare" at most other restaurants, it's never *really* rare - not as rare as you get when you order a rare filet, for example, because it's difficult to do with prime rib. Here at Embers, however, the prime rib really was actually rare, and that's no small feat. The garlic mashed potatoes were also probably the best garlic mashed potatoes I've ever had. 
Deducting one star for the reservation troubles and less-than-ideal seating, but otherwise I thought this place was really quite excellent, and I'll definitely be back.Had red beans and rice, the seasoning and base sauce was good, the sausage was ok, the bread was awful. At 17.95 for beans and rice I expect fresh baked rolls or French bread and top grade andouille sausage.I stopped in here with my family for a place to sit, get a drink, and order something to snack on before we took a two hour walking tour. We looked like the usual tourists when we walked in, shorts and t-shirts.
We ordered sodas, a couple of beers and a couple of appetizers to split around the table. There were 5 of us and we were given 3 napkins and 2 forks and no little plates to use. I am not sure but I think our waitress may have been on a controlled substance. Everything about the food and service was bad. The appetizers were lukewarm and not very impressive.
I travel to New Orleans to work occasionally and I you assure I will not return the Embers for anything.They are getting 2 Stars only because of the balcony seating; other than that, my husband preferred a pb & j .I'm kinda surprised by the reviews on Yelp for Embers. This was our first stop for food once we got to NOLA, and I thought it was pretty delicious!
The service was attentive, the drinks were great, and the food was delicious. We snagged a seat on the balcony and it's true the view from here is pretty neat.
I had the catfish, and it was tasty. My only complaint is that on the night we went (and it was a Friday) they seemed to be out of a few menu items, like the ribs for instance. 
It's a nice place to eat, especially if you want a decent sit-down dinner that isn't surrounded by your typical bourbonites.
Oh ya, the Bread pudding... YUM!We arrived in NLOA late on a Sunday night and had trouble finding anything but a slice of pizza at 10 pm.  They sucked us in with a full menu and balcony seats. The menu price was high but not high for French quarter. They gulf sampler platter was fresh and while it was fried and greasy it didn't taste that way.Super super slow and disorganized.  Bad food.  Served rotten crab.  Won't go back ever. Believe all the negative reviews about this place.Came here for their Thanksgiving Buffet and everything was delicious. We were seated on the balcony over Bourbon, had some drinks and enjoyed the food, view and music. Was a solid experience for us.Food was extremely mediocre and service was the same. Appetizers and food came at the same time.Had the house salad, catfish main dish and the pumpkin cheese cake for dessert, with a Blue Moon beer.
Service was quick and friendly. food arrived quickly as well and tasted awesome and not cheaped out on.Good food. Had the seafood sampler. Margaritas were good. Eat on the balcony over looking bourbon street. Watch out for the annoying drunks throwing beadsGreat potential ruined by cold food and poor service. Only good thing was the patio view onto Bourbon Street.
Don't waste your money here and just have a drink!
I won't be coming here again ... Like ever again!On a cold day in NOLA, the Gumbo was tasty and took the chill off our bones. We followed with the Red Beans and Rice with a nice hearty Andouille (sp) sausage. Home made blue cheese dressing is wonderful. On the mimosas, skip the OJ.Okay, I would probably give this place two stars, but my grandmother absolutely loves it, so out of familial responsibility I threw another star in. The building itself is beautiful, and eating on the balcony overlooking Bourbon St is quite an experience.  The servers are also generally friendly.
But that's where the praise stops. While the prime rib is cooked decently enough, there is overall an utter lack of imagination. It is stuck in a horrible, uncaring time warp. Revamp the menue! Save the Embers!!!Actually, had some decent red beans and rice here, but the waitress was kind of snotty, and I get the sense that the place takes it location on Bourbon St for granted.Too expensive for us - we had an appetizer and a drink and left.  She had the shrimp and I had something else I can't remember so how's that?  Was tasty, but sitting on the balcony was scary as it's lists towards the street about 10 degrees - feels like you'll slide into the street.  Would I go back - nope.  There's better food for less nearby.I'm so very glad we chose this great restaurant, on Bourbon Street, to hold one of the parties celebrating our 50th Anniversary. The private dining room had been decorated (without our asking), service was great, and the food was delicious ....especially the Bread Pudding, a New Orleans favorite.
Thanks to Mrs. Karno, and her staff, for a wonderful evening. You helped to make this special occasion even more so!!Walked in and sat at a table for 15 minutes without a server coming up to us for drink orders.
Left.Food was cold. Service was cold. Save your money. Starve. Eat free dirt. Any of those choices would be better than dropping 50 bucks on a horrible meal. 
We ordered a seafood platter and an appetizer (cheese sticks) they were cold as I mentioned after waiting about 40 mins and not seeing our server he comes out to tell us they are out of shrimp so we order a catfish platter, waited  another forever and got our food. The catfish was warm, the rice was cold like they had literally opened the fridge and scooped it right out onto the plate. 
If I could give this place less than one star I would. 
The only positive : great balcony view of Bourbon st!!