So Emeril just got the boot from the Food Network...I guess all the Bam Bam'ing wasn't enough to keep up with the fickle TV crowd.   Oh well, back to his day job as a kick-ass chef.    
I had the Bay Cod with Artichokes...and OMG it was delicious.  The skin was salty and crispy.  The meat flaky and perfectly cooked, served over a bed of artichoke hearts and mushrooms.  
I had the best Banana Cream Pie here... Big Chunks of bananas and a solid cream pie.  
oh so good!!!Fantastic meal from start to finish. The service was impeccable, yet warm and friendly. We both ordered the tasting menu, but the kitchen had no qualms about substituting in another dish into each of our tastings.  There were many highlights, but our top favorites included the the clam and Tasso angel hair appetizer with pimenta moida, corn and crab bisque with dumplings, incredibly moist pineapple swordfish, and the peanut butter pie. We also tried the banana cream pie, but the peanut butter pie was by far the winner. It was plated with a red wine reduction that was a fun riff on PB&J and with which the acidity very nicely cut through the richness of the pie. An amazing pastry chef!This restaurant is completely over rated. The food was good, I had the salmon gumbo as my entree. The service was awful!! I felt rushed from the moment I sat down to the moment I left. Our server made a remark "glasses of wine are on page 67". She did not offer our party an option of the choice of bottle or glass or better yet offer us a suggestion on which wine she'd recommend ! It's very unfortunate because it was a very impressive wine list which was just abruptly placed on the table as she walked by! Without the acknowledgment of the many great bottles they offered. Our server was extremely rushy, I believe the restaurant was under staffed. At least that's what I'm contributing the bad service to. I notified the manger I was unhappy with the service. He politely listened and apologized! I was really looking forward to having dinner at Emeralds and unfortunately left extremely unhappy. Service makes all the difference!! I wouldn't recommend going here.It's been almost a whole month since I ate at Emeril's and the reason this review has taken to long to piece together is because I'm expected to fit 25 years of history and a delicious food experience into one single review. I'll try my best.
A friend of mine had a business meeting at Emeril's and being the awesome friend he is, he asked me if I wanted to tag along. Not only am I being considered for new business ventures, but I get a fantastic meal out of the deal? Ok, I'm in.
Walking in, I immediately loved the feel of Emeril's. It was upscale, yet intimate and cozy. It wasn't too bright and the large dining room had a nice feel about it. I sat down with my dining companions and was served 3 types of bread as soon as I was seated. I can't remember the exact description of each type of bread, but I do remember that the corn bread was amazing.
The menu made ordering difficult. Everything sounded amazing. I decided to start with the soup of the day which was crawfish flourintine. This was a tomato based soup filled with delicious crawfish. It was flavored to perfection and a delectable start to an incredible meal.
For my entree, I decided to try the Andouille crusted drumfish, which the waiter informed me is one of the dishes that Emeril's is known for. I was excited that I got to try this "famous" dish for myself. When the fish came, I was blown away. It was fried to perfection and sat atop some fried shoestring potatoes.  The fish itself was topped with glazed pecans and a nice sauce. The entire dish was delicious and had tons of flavor. I can see why this is one of the dishes that Emeril's is famous for.
The entire meal was exquisite from start to finish. The staff was attentive and perfect and went out of their way to make sure that we had everything that we needed. Emeril's is one of the finest restaurants in New Orleans, and a "must" for locals and visitors alike.Love this place. Every time I'm in town I long for their pork chop and i don't even like pork chop. It's crazy good and I appreciate the free valet.Amazing! Had made a reservation for me and my husband. We were seated promptly at 8. My husband is a vegetarian and they were very accommodating of the dietary restriction. The waiter recommended a vegetable pasta dish that was not on the menu. (I had read in one of the yelp reviews about this). I had a fish entree which was server on top of shoestring fries. we were really full but from yelp reviews I had heard raving reviews of the banana cream pie so we had to try it! and we were not disappointed. Usually i don't like banana based desserts but this was amazing!Very good food.  I imagine that they get a lot of mileage out of the smoked andouille sausage; It was in everything we ordered.  But... We did order the sausage appetizer which was fantastic but could use some more crostini.  
The salmon was good, could use glaze on the fish not just the skin.  Shrimp and grits was very good, I recommend that.
Lots of strong flavor all around.Unbelievable and amazing. Cheese plate.. Lamb neck nachos.... (Off the charts) and the Drum Fish... Best I have ever had. If you have the chance...  You must try it. Cannot forget our waiter, Allen. He was amazing so attentive. Service could not have been better.Despite Emeril's penchant for being a world-class chef, the food (and ONLY the food) was not up to par for the price or the expected experience.  I say this as a tourist who went there with high hopes...and those were not disappointed on the service, atmosphere or wine front.  And it's not like my meal wasn't good...it was.  It just wasn't that special.  Having then spent a few more nights eating in less hyped places, I now fimly believe that Emeril's isnt the place to go for the best meal you'll ever eat.  If you want fun atmosphere, great service, and you like to watch him on television and thus want to feel like you got a piece of that action, then by all means have dinner here.Had previously posted as 5 Star rating for Easter brunch last year. Downgrading to 4 Star for most recent dinner visit. Ordered calamari app that was only mildly warm ... guest got chicken and andouille sausage gumbo - same lukewarm result. Other guests got the snapper entree and the pork chop  entree. They were satisfied but not over the moon.
Service was adequate but learned that most(all) of their signature cocktails were pre-mixed ...yuk. Much better and cheaper experience at Meril which is a couple of blocks away.This made it into the list of places to visit for a weekend trip to New Orleans with the guys after having seen the mention of the banana cream pie on every freakin blog about Nola must eats. We decided to make a quick dessert stop and to finally lay our curiosities to rest. The setting here is extremely formal, which took us by surprise since we were so completely underdressed and stuck out like sore thumbs. We were showed to our table after a very short wait, while the bartender engaged us in a conversation about the drinks they offer. The juxtaposition of an upscale place like this in a city as informal and wild as New Orleans was actually kinda cool. We got started with our orders of drinks, all of which were pretty great. I thought it would seem incredibly ungentlemanly of us if we ordered a round of drinks and went straight to dessert, especially after my friends and I stuffed our faces with two rounds of their complimentary cornbread muffins and garlic focaccia. I decided to order the BBQ shrimp appetizer for the table to get started.. Lord have mercy!! This is by far the best shrimp dish I have ever eaten.. like EVER! I have never liked the classic BBQ sauce because of how cloyingly sweet it can get very quickly, but this was so far from it that it blew my mind. The shrimp was mind numbingly succulent and the sauce was ridonculous! We scraped and licked away every single delicious bit of shrimp and sauce from the plate. We placed an order for the banana cream pie and the malted chocolate cake. Both of these desserts knocked it out of the park. One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans, by a mile!Great food, excellent service, a perfect dining experience!  Gumbo & banana cream pie stood out and should be a must have.  Highly recommend and will be back next NOLA trip.Wonderful food and service!  We were offered a table right in front of the kitchen and didn't know what to expect.  What a treat!!!  Not only did we have an amazing meal but the chefs spoke to us during our dinner and offered us samples.  Even the guests next to us were very friendly.
If we're ever back in the New Orleans...  we'd definitely go back to Emeril's.  We really had a great time.Went in without a reservation on a Friday night. I tried to find a seat at the bar but no joy.  Hostess came to me and asked for if I would like a seat at the kitchen bar.  Hell yes.  View was great watching the kitchen in action. Waitress and sommelier were great, always around but not overbearing. Good suggestions for food, but I played it safe and had the hangar steak. Wine was good (not a wine list for the faint of heart), steak was excellent.  Highly recommend. Loved the staff and the vibe. Would totally go back. Great job folks.Eh. Old hat at this point. More and more, Emeril's restaurants are phoning it in.Our 1st time here to thoroughly ENJOY Emerils!!  Everything was superb from start to finish!!  Excellent service & LOVED the bread choices, BBQ shrimp, Emerils Salad, Salmon piping hot & cooked to perfection!!  Ended with the yummy banana pie!!  Our favorite restaurant from 6 days hereWe were a little nervous going here on Emrills 25th anniversary weekend with our two kids, so we choose lunch which I think was a great idea. A lot of times when you go to a high end place with kids they look at you like you have the plague, they were nothing like this, they made us feel welcime, had a great kids menu and treated us great. The food of course was amazing...will come back next time sans kids for dinner!AMAZING New Year's day lunch! After reading the reviews and talking to friends who have been, we were very excited to come here during our NYE vacation. It definitely lived up to all the hype! The service was impeccable, our server (Cordell) was knowledgeable, friendly and hospitable. We started off with the duck wings and lobster bisque (soup of the day), the wings were perfectly crisp, sweet and tangy. The bisque was not overly creamy and the lobster shone through. For our mains we had the seafood bucatini and the bf enjoyed the special fish of the day, both were outstanding. For dessert, we just had to have the banana cream pie and it too, more than lived up to our expectations. It was not too sweet and the pieces of banana made it feel "light". 
Applause all around!!My whole experience here was amazing. From arrival to leaving I enjoyed myself immensely!
I decided I wanted to finally try an Emeril Lagasse restaurant for my birthday with my sister and mother. I've been a fan of his since I was a little girl, I just never got around to actually eating at one of his many eateries. I was super nervous I was building it up in my head and would be disappointed, but no worries there.
The service was impeccable. The hosts were courteous and always showing a smile. Our waiter was awesome. He was super informative and enthusiastic. And every time someone got up from the table their napkin was replaced for them in their lap. So fancy! 
As a vegetarian I had to do research to make sure there were things I could eat either on the menu or made by the chef and there were. We had the cheese board and it was delicious. And the crustini that went along with it was good and endless... our waiter was bringing us platefuls as we went through it.
As for my entree I had the chef just make a pasta dish from his imagination. So good. I had the Emeril's salad and that was kickin. It has like a bite to it that makes it just that much better than other starter salads. My sister had the Andouille crusted rainbow trout. She loved it (and she's a tough critic). I did snag a few shoestring potatoes off her plate and they were yum.  My mom had the gulf shrimp pasta. She was a bit concerned when she got her dish and the pasta was black. I told her it was squid ink pasta and that didn't help haha. But she tried it and was in love. 
And for dessert I had the salted caramel cheesecake. To die for. Like seriously, I thought I'd die after eating so much... or at least take a looong nap.
I'm so glad I got to come here to Emeril's New Orleans for my birthday. I definitely felt like a special lady on her special day :)Had a good meal last night.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about the recipes and ingredients.  They asked about allergies and such.  My dinner was fried chicken with Mac and cheese and collard greens that were baked into the Mac and cheese.  It was good.  Not stellar, but good.  I also had a bourbon something to drink.  Appetizers were bbq shrimp which were too saucy and calamari that was fried just right. Topped off the night with creme brûlée as dessert. Again it was ok.  I've had better.  The bill for 4 was about $250. It is totally different from the Emeril's chop house in Pennsylvania.I'm a fan!  The attention the wait staff gave our table was unrivaled and even tho there were a few hiccups in the delivery of a few items, I give them three stars just for being so hospitable and accommodating  of our rather indecisive group.  We had nine people and tried the shrimp and corn soup - yummy.  Of course the gumbo with andouille sausage was delicious.  In addition the the regular corn bread and roll, we got the sweet potatoe bread and it was indeed sweet, soft, and fresh (reminiscent of a homemade roll).  The chicken and waffles was served with a spicy, sweet and tangy glaze.  The chicken was tender and flavorful and the breading was really crispy and crunchy.  (Just the way I like it.)  The  coleslaw (with just the right amount of watermelon) was a yummy combination.  And I loved the fried green tomatoes with roumalade sauce.  We also had the grilled mahi mahi and it was tender, juicy and flaked right off the filet in flavorful slightly sweet chunks.  My uncle had the pork chop with the greens marinated in worcheshire sauce and he eat every bite of it.   Last, but not least was dessert...the slice of banana cream pie had large chocolate shavings, fresh banana slices and a graham cracker crust that was sweetly alluring...it was delicious and a more-than-generous portion.  The chocolate peanut butter pie was also good. My cousin raved over it, but my favorite was the still the banana cream pie.  Watch out fir the beverage prices tho, they're a little pricey--$5.00 for tea and $8.00 for a glass of beer.
But I would definitely recommend going there.  I plan to go back so I can try as much of the menu as possible while I'm here.Good food!  Great service!  Business casual. Inviting decor.  We had a fun time eating the specials and enjoying the atmosphere while watching the kitchen.One of the top meals I've had in my life!! Amazing from start to finish, and the wait staff is attentive, friendly and on point! Worth every single penny you spend there. Only thing I wished for was more wines in the $30-50 range. Wine list is extensive, but packed with very high end options. I tasted everyone's entree at our 5 person table, and I could've licked every plate clean! Barbecue Salmon, Andouille Crusted Drum, Pork Chop, Lobster Bucatini and Wagyu Beef were our entree choices. Chicken Andouille gumbo - delicious and super dark roux - yum. The Duck Wings appetizer is a can't-miss item!! Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie for dessert - divine. They also had Free Valet Parking!The old warehouse had been nicely converted into a trendy restaurant with wine refrigerators as walls. 
It was new year day so the place was packed and a bit noisy. I expected an upscale crowd but there were plenty people in jeans and tees. 
We started with cocktails and my Bourbon Buzz was overloaded with ice cubes, so the taste was very light. 
There are few cajun dishes amongst asian style and classic ones. The boudin and andouille saucisses appetizer was absolutely delicious, full of flavors. Then I ordered the whole red snapper and local vegetables. A 1 pound fish finished in my plate and I started a DIY preparation. With a 40$ entrée, I'd prefer that someone else deboned the snapper or at least that I was provided with the adequate silverware for such work. The Grand Marnier soufle was a delicious chocolate soufle. I am guessing that someone in the kitchen drank the Grand Marnier because I could not find it. 
So a lovely place that is hesitating between a casual and and upscale restaurant, with prices on the upscale side and service/food on the comfort/casual one.Fantastic food, friendly waitstaff, and you really have 3 waiters attending to you.
Was fast. 
Somewhat expensive, but you pay for the name and the food was phenomenal.Everything we had was absolutely amazing: pork chops, friend chicken, duck, and beef!  I highly recommended this place.Absolutely outstanding!  I think this one is the original of emeril's chains, but it was amazing.  The food was cooked perfectly.  The fish was flakely and flavorful.  The sauces and gravies were out of this world delicious.  It was a few years ago when I went, so I don't remember exactly what i ordered, but I do remember being with a group of people and all the food was out of this world!I first dined here 15 years and it was easily the most delish meal of my lifetime. Then again, my standards weren't quite as high when I was 22, but it was tasty. Really tasty.
When I arrived back in NOLA 5 years later I planned on having a few less hurricanes, but did plan on going back to Emeril's.  Not sure if the quality had gone down or my standards had gone up, but it was just A-OK. 
And I went back again this past weekend after 10 years this time with 20+ friends in tow to celebrate a friend's 40th bday. I was hopeful it would live up to the initial 2002 hype, but the overall experience was more A-OK 2007.
I was starving so ate every last bite of food, but was almost annoyed to be wasting calories on mediocre food (besides the 6 pieces of delicious bread that I couldn't help but devour after a long travel day). As for the rest of the meal:
Crab cake: 3 stars
Mushroom pasta: 1 star 
Salad: 2 stars
Salmon: 3 stars
peanut butter pie: 4 stars (next time i'll be ordering JUST wine and peanut butter pie)
While serving a group of 20+ women who have had too much wine is no picnic, it was painfully slow...and we were receiving our yummy peanut butter pie when my friends at the table next to me where just getting their entrees.  Thank goodness I had good wine & even better company so it was still a memorable evening.OMG, Amazing first the ambience is magnificent. I've been to this restaurant twice and both times I was impressed with the customer service, the ambience, and most importantly the food. I had an amazing time and amazing food. I took one of my co-workers who's a sommelier and she literally was in tears.  It wasn't too high like a ruth Chris or smith and wolinski it was more on a Houston's pricing  level. The meals was the truffles roasted fried chicken and a creamy amazing Mac and cheese with sautéed collards inside. I would say this wasn't the best thing I ever ate but it was really good. And my coworker had the grilled pork chop with caramelized sweet potatoes with a tamarind glaze and chili mole I had that the last time it's definitely amazing and enough for two meals.We celibrated our 20th wedding anniversary at your restaurant. Our experience there made our special day memorable in a wonderful way.  Please pass our thanks to your entire staff.
We had very high expectations and you exceeded them all.
Young Mike, our waiter, was very professional and his recommendations were spot-on. Amanda, our server, was very helpful and friendly. Andrew who was on his third day working at the restaurant,  did an excellent job. 
Tyler seemed to appear from nowhere whenever we needed anything.  Everyone worked together as a team and gave us the best service we've ever experienced.
The food was the star of the evening.   Every dish was beautifully presented and delicious.  We have been to wonderful restaurants all over the world, and we can say, without hesitation, that the food at Emerils is at the top of the list.Had banana cream pie. Not overly sweet and terrific. I didn't have dinner but got it to go and the bartender was very accommodating to my order.Fried chicken is really good. Pork chop is excellent. Great service. Fun to sit at the chef bar and watch them cook.Ok, full disclosure, I only had dessert and coffee here.  But, what I had was super fabulous...the banana cream pie is worth coming back for--that's for sure.My friends and I had to make a stop at Emerils on a tip from local artist Jamie Hayes. We made a reservation in the morning and walked the mile from the French Quarter to the Wherehouse District. This was a good idea because it helped up build an appetite for the epicurean bliss we were about to encounter at Emeril's. We had the New Orleans barbecued shrimp with the baby biscuit for the starter, and my friends had the duck, the bluefin tuna salad cups, the fish of the day, and I partook in the gumbo of the day (chicken with andoule sausage..... served out of a casserole pot) and Emeril's green salad. The gumbo was perfect for the unseasonably cold weather. I also shared the refreshing chillbox key lime pie to end the meal. Everything was fabulous. Even the bread trio was delectable! I took my friend's cornbread muffin. Waitstaff was attentive, helpful, and professional. Thumbs way up all the way for my meal at Emerils.... which was so rich and satisfying that I am feeling the bam! to this moment..... 1.5 hours after the meal ended!Superb service and food! We had a party of 6 was catered to our every need with no problem. You must try the cornbread, it reminded me of my grandmothers sweet recipe!  Are you wanting a cocktail with a sweet with a spicy kick to it? The  "grasshopper" cocktail hit the spot with its cucumber/jalapeño infused flavors. My main course dish of "Louisiana Raines Wagyu Beef" was impeccable. Tender and juicy slivers of beef packed with flavor with a sides of seasoned cubed potatoes and chargrilled broccoli. This place is a must for dinner if ever in NOLA...What a great and sophisticated southern food experience! I always have a love/hate relationship with celebrity chef restaurant. I don't want to be rip off because of the hype of the chef (who is not even cooking there) and at the same time it is usually a solid option. Not being a southern or cajun food expert, I felt I wanted to experience what this region has the best to offer.
The place is located in an off area, walking distance from the Bourbon St. activity, in the warehouse district. The place is really nice, with a great and classy ambiance. They have a large bar where I am sure you can eat in case the wait is too long. The service is good and the wine list is what you expect from this type of place (finally a restaurant with top selection from the Old World...). But the best is coming, the food.......
I started my cajun journey with the homemade andouille and boudin which is apparently one of their best hit. Both were so succulent! Being European. I knew exactly what to expect and I was not disappointed, especially on the boudin which I can vouch, is being made in house. Add to that some beer braised onions with a touch of grain mustard and I was transported to creole heaven.
I had a big dilemma when ordering my entree as many dishes were very appetizing. After the waiter explained that the menu changed a lot, I simply asked him one question: "is there one dish that hasn't changed". The answer was the "Pork Chop". At first, pork chop resonated to me as a piece of thin pork, sometimes overly cooked or dry with no exciting sauce or garnish to complete that. However my gut were telling me to try it and I have to say this is the best pork chop I have ever had. You can't go to Nola without trying it, it is a fact! First off, the pork chop is huge, like 3 inches, which makes it great to cook to perfection. Then it is covered with a surprisingly succulent green chile mole. Add to that some yummy sweet potatoes caramelized in tamarindo. It was absolutely fabulous and this is coming from someone who doesn't like pork chop and who wouldn't order any mole dish at a mexican restaurant. You can easily understand that you HAVE TO try it and if you don't like it, message me lol
I just wish I had saved some spaces for a small dessert but that pork chop filled up my stomach and conclude a wonderful cajun experience at Emeril's in Nola.The second best of the Emeril places in NOLA.  Exceptional food and service and the desserts are always a knockout.  I've eaten here three times and was pleased well beyond expectations.  If there's a wait because you didn't get a reservation, the rather nice bar will make you forget all about it.Service was amazing but food is overrated. I had the drum which was breaded yet almost fried. Very loud atmosphere as well.I really want to love Emeril's. I really do. But I've been here a couple of times now and walk away feeling a bit disappointed. The service is great, the starter breads are wonderful, but the entrees just don't do it for me. Everything is cooked well, but I just don't love the flavors. It's either too smoky, too salty, too sweet or just kind of unmemorable. Hmmm. Maybe I need to steer clear of the southern dishes and aim for more cajun flavors. Who knows? I'm not writing Emeril's off. However, the banana cream pie deserves 5 stars! It's that good! I would return to Emeril's just for the pie! Bam!I want to start by saying that I thought my experience at Emeril's was fine and would not go out of my way to deter anyone from eating there.  With that being said, I also would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  I had made a reservation at 8:30, arrived a bit early, got a glass of wine at the bar, and was seated promptly at 8:30.  We started with the mussels, which were outstanding, and being a bit of a mussel connoisseur, that is saying something.  I had the soup of the day, a bisque, no complaints, but nothing that blew me away.  My father had the gumbo which, frankly tasted like a bouillon cube soaked in water.  For dinner my father had the special which was a squid-ink seafood pasta.  Unfortunately, it was very bland.  The squid ink did nothing but add a color to the pasta.  The pasta had some heat but lacked the salt it needed to really bring out any other flavor.  I had the swordfish, which I will adamantly say DO NOT ORDER.  It was under-seasoned and over-cooked.  I can't say much else about it, frankly it was terrible.  A note on service:  It was good but not great.  No one seemed particularly eager to please their guests but, there were no gaping flaws either.  Overall, I'd say my experience was underwhelming, a fine restaurant, but with so many fantastic restaurants in NOLA, I'm sad to say I probably won't be back.Just got back from dinner...this place just does not live up to the hype! The sweet cornbread and huge porkchop were just as others described but did little to change my opinion. We also tried the BBQ shrimp (quite salty), fish of the day (escarole), seabass, and skirt steak. I have to agree with Jon M. The food was good but nothing spectacular. Frankly, I should have gone to Cuvee (which rated higher on Zagat) and is just steps from our hotel.
Anyway, I digress. Let me tell you that the service here left much to be desired. They just seemed to forget the basics. For example, the manager (or who seemed to be because of his shirt and tie, no apron), cleared our wine glasses after they sat for what seemed to be 10-15 minutes (once we had already received our beverages and completed our appetizers). The servers also were very slow in clearing our entree plates and refilling my soda. We overheard one of the manager's yelling for a "Tony" and then angrily going into the kitchen. The last straw was when we presented our Opentable.com voucher with our credit card, and the server said, "What's this"? C'mon, for the $$$ we spend at this establishment, this is just plain acceptable. She should have discretely taken this question to her supervisor. NUFF SAID!You are never sure what you are going to get at a celebrity-owned restaurant.  This one did not disappoint.  We arrived on time for our reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter welcomed us just we sat down.  We had the salmon cheesecake which was quite good and about twice the size I expected.  My wife had the truffled shrimp Louie salad the maple glazed chicken breast.  I had a Moroccan soup and the Mac n Cheese with shrimp.  The portions were so generous, we didn't have room for dessert.  My wife order coffee which was cold when served.  The busboy was very apologetic and quickly replaced it with hot coffee.  Our waiter, Will, also apologized and took it off our bill.  The sign of good service is just that everything goes right but how they do when something goes wrong.  Good restaurant service is so rare, I notice when it is done right.  Tonight was one of those occasions.  All that food plus one Mint Julep came to about $95.  That same meal in San Francisco would be at least $30-40 more.
It was a pleasant dining experience.Very good meal but not great. The highlight of the meal was the mussels. Had the pork chop which was enormous,cooked perfectly, but the sauce became overpowering after the first few bites. Also had the banana cream pie which was very good, but did not live up to the hype in my opinion.Had a great experince. Service was good and the food was outstanding. We sat at the counter looking into the kitchen.  This made it even more fun as we watched the food being prepared. Over all a must do when in New Orleans.The first thing you notice on entering the restaurant is the decor, it is amazing. From the basket weave ceiling to the grain light covers in front of the kitchen area, the effect is wonderful. Our food was also very good. We had drum fish with crawfish étouffée and lobster dumplings along with mac & cheese with greens on the side. Everything tasted wonderful. The only thing preventing me from giving five stars was the not great service. Our server appeared to be out of sorts and gave barely adequate service. I don't know if this is typical, but except for that, I highly recommend Emeril's.Came in for lunch with my boyfriend. We had the bbq shrimp for appetizer. Then we both had chicken and waffles for entree. We were served an assortment of 3 types of bread with butter to start. One was a sweet cornbread, one had rosemary and olive oil baked on top and the other was a sweet bun (to the best of my recollection). The bread was very good and a nice, small sized assortment, to start with. The bbq shrimp was good. The chicken and waffles dish was amazing. Both my boyfriend and I loved it. I had been waiting for a good chicken and waffles dish for a while. This was it. There was a nice maple spiced hotsaucy syrup drizzled over it---it was a nice balance of sweet and spicy. There was also a very refreshing and lightly dressed watermelon coleslaw on the side. Overall, I found the dish great and if I could change anything about it, I would have an option to choose between dark and white meat. But otherwise, it was great. The service was great and staff friendly from the host to the waiter and servers. Excited about my reservation for dinner tonight. The host suggested eating at the bar where we could watch the chefs cook. Sounds like an amazing time. I don't normally eat at the same place for two consecutive meals but this is one of the main highlights of my trip to New Orleans . I will be posting an update after dinner.The food and service were beyond superb. Very much worth it. It should be a must for someone visiting NOLA.I had the rainbow trout for lunch. Although the food was delicious,  the server was nice, but the service was super slow for a weekday.Emeril's is the quintessential dining experience. The food is exquisite and the service impeccable! We enjoyed a variety of dishes ranging from turtle soup to classics like their house made andouille sausage, all were fabulous. Thanks to Josh, Jessica and Jordan for making our dining experience truly special!Very attentive service in a pretty dining room.  However, an overall sense of OK, not wow.  An encyclopedic wine list, but they were out of my first choice.  They suggested a substitution of a Barbera di Asti for the Rhone blend I had chosen.  It was a nice wine, but at over $50 for a wine that retails for $12, not exactly a value.  A nice appetizer of mussels in a lemon grass scented curry sauce.  Would have enjoyed some bread to soak up the broth, but none was offered after the initial serving.  The duck was rather ordinary.  Would have preferred a crisp skin and the breast not as well done.  I asked to sub the Mac and cheese for the rice, it was flavorless. The pickled vegetables were a nice counter  point to the richness of the duck.  My companions enjoyed their chicken and swordfish.  On the whole there is more interesting food in NOLA and at better prices.We were in town for the New Orleans Jazz Festival and I made a reservation for Friday night.  The restaurant is beautiful with high ceilings and sophisticated decor.  The bar area is fantastic with lots of energy.  We were greeted promptly, seated immediately and given a brief introduction to the restaurant.  Drink orders were taken and quickly delivered.  The server gave us a very good description of the menu items and left us for a short time to deliberate the choices.  We had BBQ Shrimp(had to, your at Emeril's) for our starter.  Loved the little biscuits  they served with it.  Also the bread on the table was excellent.  We had the Swordfish(perfect blend of sweet/salty) and Salmon.  Both were perfectly cooked and the flavors were amazing.  The portion sizes were more generous than I thought it would be at a restaurant of this caliber. It was a warm day and our water glasses were never empty.  This restaurant is the perfect example of perfect service.  From the moment we walked in to the second we left nothing was neglected.  It was a blend of casual friendly and professional service.  Glad my spouse does a lot of business in this city as I can't wait to come back.Unfortunately the best i can say that this is just another chain resturant. The kitchen was slammed and food came out slowly, servers tried to accommodate use but there was little they could do.  I am a big fan of Emeril but not of this restaurant.WOW!  The best service I have ever had in my 68 years.  I was called by name and treated like a King.
We went there for lunch and if I lived in NOLA I would have lunch there once a week.  Wonderful Gumbo soup and chicken and waffles.  Topped off with a great glass of wine, I couldn't more highly recommend this fine restaurant, plus it was very affordable.Gourmet restaurant in New Orleans. Emerils original restaurant offering amazing lick your plate creole food. On the pricey side, but the food and service is top notch. They also have an extensive wine list.I took my husband there for his birthday and we loved it. This was my second visit. His first. I'd been there over 10 years ago when men's attire included a jacket. This is my husband's first time in New Orleans. Nothing changed for me...The restaurant is beautiful, the waitstaff excellent, food delicious. We had the Fried Chicken for 2. Crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Presented on a breadboard Southern style with baked beans, coke slaw and Mac and cheese. Oh and the
Appetizers - duck liver bruschetta and Emeril's BBQ shrimp. Both delicious! For dessert we shared pecAn upside down cake with sweet potato ice cream! I should have had my own! If there any room for improvement, I would have preferred to sit in the main dining room.Emeril's flagship restaurant on Tchoupitoulas Street still manages to execute at a high level after all these years.  The current menu features new takes on old New Orleans recipes.  The gumbo of the day featured rabbit and house made andouille sausage and had a deep dark roux that was very richly flavored.  The special entree of the night was soft shell crab with grits.  This was an interesting twist on the more traditional shrimp and grits recipe.  The wine list is one of the more extensive you will find anywhere in America with a particularly impressive French selection.  According to the waitress, Emeril still comes in and works in the large open kitchen when he gets restless at home.My husband and I decided on Emeril's restaurant for lunch on my hubby's birthday.   The staff was quite attentive to us the moment we walked in.
We ended up ordering the Lunch Crunch deal, which is a 3 course meal for a great price of $19.95.
I chose the Chopped Romaine Salad for my app, for my main course I had the Duck Confit "Melt", and for dessert I had the Chocolate Peanut Butter Pie. 
Everything was top notch, I had no complaints what so ever. I was most nervous about the duck, but it came out cooked perfectly, not too greasy, and was absolutely delicious. The portions were perfect for the price and for a lunch time meal.  Both the food and service were excellent. I'd recommend it to anyone.So, husband and I decided to treat ourselves to a fancy meal while in nola. Being a fan of emerils I decided to go there for lunch because he offered the chicken and waffles.  
We started with delicious sweet potato rolls and corn bread muffins. Next my husband chose the petite sirloin and I went with the waffles.  The chicken and waffles was huge!! Very flavorful and crispy. As for my husband's sirloin... When they say petite they mean it!!! I think it was as big as his finger for $18!!! Although the French fries were delicious it was not worth the $$$. 
For dessert since my husband was still hungry we shared the banana cream pie. Omg!!! I was In heaven!!! Worth every $$$ I highly recommend that dessert. I wish I didn't share it :-)Possibly the best dining experience I have had. The service was absolutely perfect from the get go with great drink suggestions. The gumbo, escargot, and other appetizers were all delicious. My entree, the duck fried rice, was one of the best meals of my life. Everyone else in my party had equally incredible reviews of the food. If you're willing to spend a little extra money, this place is one of the best.By far the most amazing food experience I have had to date. All of the options I tried were remarkable and the service was phenomenal!They were so busy when we got there (9pm) and we didn't have a reservation! They were hesitant to even seat us at the kitchen bar until we said that all we wanted was dessert--the banana cream pie. Really wonderful pie! Definitely save room for it. I will be making reservations next time I visit.We had a truly wonderful lunch at Emeril's. I don't care that he's on TV or anything. In fact that might keep me away from a restaurant, if anything. This restaurant really deserves it's merits. Everyone from the hostess to the bartenders to our server and the manager, who came to make sure we were enjoying our meal, were true professionals. The wine list is extensive with some great selections. We had the BBQ Shrimp and the Meatball Dumpling Pho to start. Both were amazing! The fish was equally as tasty. Loved every minute of our meal at Emeril's and can't wait to return.My best meal in new Orleans tried del Monica restaurant rebirth Muriel's Dickie Brennan's and Brennan's but the service and food were just the best was not expecting it either thought del monico would be better but it wasn'tmy favorite restaurant in New Orleans! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu and the chef switches the menu during the seasons. The banana bread pudding is the best dessert I have ever had. Great Service too.Very disappointing. We saved Emeril's for the last night of our vacation expecting it to be wonderful. It was not. The food was fine, but no better than we'd experienced at several other places in New Orleans. The service was good. The problem was the restaurant is so poorly designed acoustically that it was impossible to hear each other. We were seated next to a table of folks who had a lot to drink and were very loud, so that didn't help. Early on I discreetly went back to the head waiter and asked if there might be a quieter location for our party of 2. He said nope, the restaurant was just loud. Ok then. Maybe Emeril's would be worth the $$ in a city other than New Orleans, but here you have MUCH better options.The food far exceeded expectations, I had the rivets cap with short rib, and she had the whole trout. She won, big time. The service was impeccable, personable and professional. Just a fantastic dining experience.First restaurant me and my friends came to upon arriving in New Orleans a couple weeks ago.  Everything we had was great, and well presented.  Servers couldn't have done a better job of ensuring that we had everything that we needed at all times.  A+ for the upscale, yet casual atmosphere, felt right at home!I came here with high expectations given Emeril's reputation and the restaurant's consistent listing in the Top 10 NOLA lists. Most of my expectations were met. The wine list is perhaps the best I've ever seen, bound together in a leather book with many California wines in particular. The menu options all were plentiful and tempting. We ordered a barbq shrimp appetizer, and I was sorely disappointed. Emeril needs to go to Surrey's Juice Bar for some bar bq shrimp then start over -- and the portion was incredibly small. A biscuit was provided that was so teeny that I ate it in one bite and was unable to share it with my table. Some of our entrees were excellent. Some were not. I wish I had ordered the pork chop, as I looked with envy on those of my neighbors. The salmon and the trout almondine both were extraordinary, though I could have done without so many potato straws. My friend ordered the short ribs and lobster, and this was the most disappointing dish. It was so rich, but the worst part was that the chef placed it on top of french fries. Neither of us were impressed, as french fries cheapened the appearance of the dish. Perhaps mashed potatoes would have been a better choice. The chocolate souffle was quite tasty and velvety. The service was attentive but unfriendly. So, I'm unsure how I feel about the experience. It was better than average for sure, but I'm not sure it lived up to the expectation I had. Glad to have come once, but I doubt that I will return in a city with so many great options.Great food and great service. Banana pie is fantastic. Chocolate bread pudding great. Great service justifies the price.We spent four days in New Orleans and this was the best meal by far. Emeril's delivered. We went for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. Easily got reservations the day prior. i had read so much about the Lunch Crunch that I had a good idea of what i wanted before getting there. I ended up having too many things to choose from. Everything on the menu sounded delicious. Started with a margarita made with fresh lemon/lime juice. Starter for me was the smoked mushroom pasta. In a heavier cream sauce with smoked Andouille sausage. to die for. Perfect size portion. Excellent blend of savory and sweet. If this was any indicator of what was to come....i was certainly excited. My main course was a barbecued Rainbow trout with a potato/chorizo succotash. Once again the whole plate was excellent. Fish cooked perfectly. Nice crunchy skin drizzled in a smoky sauce. the potatoes and sausage complimented nicely. Creme Brule to finish things off with a nice strong cup of joe. i had pretty high expectations going in and I can say i was not disappointed. I read many reviews of slow service and exorbitant prices. For $19.50 you get a wonderful three course meal. even ala carte the prices were far from outrageous. Our service was spot on. Highly recommended!Absolutely beautiful restaurant.  This was the first place we dined at.  I would say, okay food, professional service (although I wish it was more warm personality than polite/professional).
Dishes ordered:
--Drum fish: delicious, would order again, good portion
--Gumbo: good, it was my first time having gumbo.  
--Porkchop: flavor good, but a bit dry on the cook.  wish it was more medium.
--Shrimp and grits: good, but a tiny portion for $35.  4-5 shrimps and barely found the grits under the shrimp.
--calamari: okay
wish they had the fried chicken crawfish that day for me to try.  it looked very good.This place was amazing!!! The service, the atmosphere, the cocktails.. the food! This was the first dinner we had in our version of a food network tour, and it was my birthday, and Emeril's did not disappoint. Everything was great-- we had duck spring roll apps, the house bread (!!), bbq salmon and truffle fried roasted chicken entree-- and omg the braised collards were life! Service was friendly and attentive and I will definitely visit again on my next trip to NOLA.Haven't been here in years but I have to say that we have had much better all around. Food was good but not fantastic. Service seemed rushed at first and then we were never offered a wine list and the bread was supposed to come out 3 times and showed up only after we asked again. Started with the gumbo witch was fantastic and out in 5 minutes. My swordfish was cooked well and my husband had the pork chop that had more fat than usual. The presentation was great but the flavors on his dish were not what he expected and he is not a picky eater at all. We have rarely seen our waiter and it seems that we have one who is training. (Spilled water on my husband meal) Ordered desserts and nothing to write home about. Never asked if we even needed another cocktail. Presentation here is beneath what I would expect and they were average. It seems that they are making re focused on turning tables here. Overall the interior is nice, staff polite, liquor prices high but would not come back because there are a lot of other great restaurants here.Excellent dinner.... exceptional service.... certainly a treat!
When visiting New Orleans don't miss the opportunity to visit Themis restaurant.
Would definitely recommend reservations.Did not disappoint. Excellent service and superb food. My wife and I had wonderful experience at Emeril's. We both started out with the soup of the day and Gumbo (chicken & andouille sausage). Best gumbo I've ever had. I had the signature Drum dish wish was a huge portion and cooked to perfection. Will definitely come back on our next trip.Went for lunch and ordered:
Fresh Angel Hair Pasta with Louisiana Crawfish Tail in a Creole Cream Sauce
charbroiled oysters
choc penut butter pie.
Went for s meeting to nola and decided to hit this place up for lunch. I watch the food network, hells kitchen, no reservations, etc., but there is no way im able to go into detail about how good this place is.  the pasta was good and so was the pie.  now one of the places we hit before here was dragos(the one in the Hilton).  ive been to the original one loved the charbroiled oysters here, but the hilton not so good.  Emerils had the better tasting oysters as far as my friend and i were concerned.  you can't go wrong eating here so enjoy.Everywhere in NO is awesome with friendly people, but the people here were over the top awesome. Everyone acknowledged you whenever you got up, and the waiters took their time to happily answer our questions. I don't even remember what I got to eat but it was tasty. The ambiance is cool, and I liked the wine walls.Im gonna give it a two, when it should be a 2.5.    The service was immature, inexperienced, and "deer in headlight ish".   The food was less than spectacular, on a slow, mid week evening.   The bread was OK, the wine list was stellar, but out of our price range for anything I would consider drinkable, and we we not "wowed" or "baMMed" as far as the entrees go......   I wrote a letter to the management shortly after my visit  with regards to a certain matter and I was ignored........Food was amazing. Couldn't have been better. We started with Moscow mules and cucumber basil lemonade. Then a kale salad with crab and the crostini with peach smoked ham baratta and arugula with basalmic reduction. Then I had the pork chop the size of your head with mole and creole mustard and candied sweet potato.  My lovely lady had the linguine Nero with gulf shrimp and mussels in a butter creole sauce with corn and bell peppers. It was Devine and we couldn't even get dessert. Fine dining at it's best for an affordable price.I'm not afraid to tell anyone that Emeril will always be one of my favorite celeb chefs despite the crazy merchandise machine he has become. 
We went for the 3 course lunch for $20. Mussels étouffée was great, the mussels were really plump and the rice buttery, rich, and slightly brothy and spicy. Seafood gumbo was good, with plenty of shrimp in the cup-sized portion, but needed some heat. And the creme brûlée at the end was perfect, if just the usual vanilla custard. GFs porchetta sandwich was worth noting too, with pickles and some ginger in it that really spoke to me (but not quite to her). 
Would definitely try dinner, the service was very friendly and the food and ambiance surprisingly polished for being one of the man's many restaurants!