Last night was my first time over at F&M on Tchoup. The location makes it a little out of the way- i'm not sure how you would get there if you weren't going to shell out some extra cash for a cab (luckily, the boy drove). I say head on over for a night of dancing, it's worth it!
A great plus of this place is that everyone is so busy dancing that they don't have time to smoke- you can breathe in here! 
The music is an eclectic mix of current rap/r&b, pop, and then some 80s/90s stuff. I actually heard a few wedding line dance type songs. F&M is actually a few different rooms all connected and last night they were playing different music in the different rooms. The bar was servings up wings and cheese fries and all types of things that smelled great. 
I heard from a local that no one ends up here unless it's way into the early morning hours and they've had too much to drink. 
I guess I don't understand why people are complaining about the scene here. Are you going out to pick up a new date? Or are you going out with your friends to dance and spend time together? Okay, so a few guys made some comments- just shake them off or smile and walk away! Maybe this isn't the place to meet new people...but I had fun. 
F&M's offers a great time if you're looking for some fun dancing! It's all about your attitude :)If you are not 21 you should probably go here. I can't imagine they were carding looking at the people in here. Also only somebody who has never been to another bar before would be willing to pay these prices. $20 minimum on cards??? Really?!
Also you should go if you like to wear what you wear to lunches with your dad's business partners out to bars. Get those khakis and button ups out! Also no need to wear socks with your loafers. That's how the other kids will know you are a rebel. Seriously though, is this where they train the bad guys from 80's movies?
The worst! Please don't ever ask me to go here. If you like it here, please leave me alone!Used to get dragged here from time to time when I was in college.
If you are a university student wanting to get wasted with daddy's money and rub up against fellow students, this is the place for you.
I went here again last night for the first time in quite over a year (the last time I was dragged here, my friend was treated quite unfairly at the door despite being in his 30's, well dressed and not acting belligerent...I have a feeling this was because he's black but obviously the douchey doorman didn't outright say this).  Anyway, last night my friend and I tried to take a picture in the photobooth; when the photo finally came out, it was so overexposed that you could hardly see anything but our teeth.  The bartender who also seemed to be a manager because of his self-important attitude informed me that "what's wrong? You got your picture, that's what they look like, it's a 7-year old photo booth, what do you expect?".
Ultimately, they attract a spoiled, disrespectful crowd and seem to treat all of their customers with this same attitude.  If I were a meaner-spirited person, I would wish that it had burned to the ground and stayed there a few months ago when the kitchen(?) caught on fire.If you wanna remember what a crowed college bar scene looks like check this joint out. The dance floor aka pool table with a piece wood, the court yard, the upstairs dance off. Go, Check it all outThis is truly a delightful little place. I come for the cheese fries and stay for the cocktails. The cheese fries come out piping hot with a hint of love. You'll probably want to place 2 or 3 orders. Afterward, you can go into the front room for some shaking and swaying on top of the pool table. The ambiance is phenomenal.I like this place for only one reason only.... its Tulane central and its fun only in small doses. Sorry F & M's this is not my place to hang out.This is a frat party in a non frat house.. Frasticness in all its glory. Table dancing, cheese fries, and a crowd that knows all the words to Sweet Caroline. Combined with the bar Grits next door this is one of the wildest corners of Loyola/Tulane uptown revelry.CLASSIC NEW ORLEANS. It's the bar everyone hates to love. 
Crowded, loud, dingy but always a guaranteed good time. It's been around so long that my 60+ yr old father remembers going there with my Mom. If you are looking for a fun, ridiculous and out of control night go here. 
Tip: Don't go until 1am.for the 1AM-2AM time slot, no one beats F&M. the upstairs and the back patio make this place expansive, although the hallway between the front of the house and the back with bathrooms along the way makes for a HUGE choke point. Be careful though, beer goggles in a place like this can get you in hot water real fast.BEST CHEESE FRIES IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also the Tulane/Loyola guys behind the counter making them are pretty cute.
I'm a little offended more people haven't reviewed this. 
I always get homesick thinking about these fries.Best last night spot in Uptown. Three different areas, the patio, the bar and the upstairs area for when you need room to dance. they have great cheese fries and their drinks are cheap. best nights are thursdays in my opinion but will be happy to come on fridays or saturdays as well.Personally, I'm not a fan of F&M, because I prefer to avoid crowded meat market type places.  It's awful.  But if you're into douchebag frat-boy saturated crowds, are looking to get laid, or perhaps just want to get hit on by a bunch of sweaty drooling drunk ass college guys, this is the place for you.  
That said, I have been to F&M for several 80th birthday party events, oddly enough, and I will say it's a great venue for daytime events.  Also, they have awesome cheese fries, which has been enough to persuade me to brave the crowd of drunk, horny frat boys at 2 a.m.  They're that good.  Not sure how late the kitchen is open, but it's later than most places, I believe.  
In a nutshell: great bar for being groped, finding late night food (i.e. cheese fries), and for daytime events like birthday parties.  If you're a college student, you'll probably love it.  Eventually, though, you'll get old like me and outgrow F&Ms.  Such is life.My first experience to F&M's was a spoiled one for sure. My friend rented out the back bar for his private graduation party. It was great! We had bartenders to ourselves, cheese fries by the basket-load, and tons of space to mingle. It was heaven. However at midnight, F&M's turned back into the pumpkin and the floodgates of college kids came swooping into destroy our fun times. It became so packed in 15 minutes! So what happened next? We started dancing on top of bars and pool tables, taking random pictures in the photo booth, and hitting on way too young college kids of course! All in all it was such a fun night. Being older and having a very low tolerance for douchebag college kids, I need to be fairly inebriated before crossing this threshold again. Well, that or another private party. We were such good customers that the manager offered us a discount to throw another function! Overall, not a place I will ever frequent, but a fun place to act a fool if you're already headed that way.Awesome place to come and dance! But I was a little grossed out that the people working with the fries used their bare hands with not only the fries but also the cheese and all the toppings...... it's a little unsanitary.... can they just wear gloves or use tongs or something??I cannot express how foul this place is. Literally. Every time i was dragged back here by my friends I wanted to shoot myself in the face to put myself out of the misery that is F&Ms. Strangers will literally try to have sex with you/maul you beyond belief/etc, first thing i heard about the place was the coke fest upstairs, and unless you are so inebriated you dont even know your name, you should seriously avoid the place.  Many of my friends love going there at 4-5 am, after they don't remember their names, to dance on the pool table, but basically its a bunch of shitfaced college kids, drowning in sweat, and attempting to hump anything that moves.  The cheese fries are notorious however, so i've debated going just to pick some of those up, but the thought of re-entering the establishment is beyond toleration.The details are fuzzy, but the cheesy potato things at the bar were incredible. As was the drunken grinding to "Maneater" by Nelly Furtado. I kind of felt like I was on spring break or something. A lot of people making out everywhere and white girls pelvic thrusting into each other. But hey, it was a good time. I'll be back. Probably Saturday.Never use your card here! They charge you more than you agree to just to pad their tips.Used my debit card to open a tab for the night, closed it with only $16 on it. Next day I have not 1 but 2 $35 charges from then. What a scam. Will never go to this bar again, which is a shame due to the cool atmosphere with good music.Broke my friends real Luisiana ID. You would think a bar in Louisiana would know what their state ID looks like. When I informed them what they had done was illegal they kicked me out of the bar. Also he had already gotten into the bar and the bartender is the one who broke his ID. 0/5 would recommend this placeMy friend who goes to a college in the area recommended this bar. I'm out of town from San Francisco with my brother with only two days left in our trip and having gone to so many awesome bars through out New Orleans, we definitely had to check it out. Walked up to the door and was stopped by the bouncer who asked for my id (totally understandable) yet my brother just walked right by and right in. The dude (average white dude wearing an orange f&m shirt over a long sleeve with adidas track pants, a backwards Alabama hat and bad vibes) proceeds to tell me that my id was fake and not of my identity. Whatever. Pulled out another form of identification. At this point before having even walked in I was over this spot already. My brother comes back to the door wondering why I'm not inside yet. The bouncer turns around and gets right in my brothers face, with his beer in hand, and tells him to fuck off. This moron tries to fight with my brother FOR NO REASON. It was so weird and completely unacceptable. My brother kept it so cool and didn't even talk back. If this bouncer spoke anymore he would've been smashed at the door. With a vibe like his ,I have to think that this is a regular occurrence. The dude needs to be let go. Never again will I ever come here or recommend it. Definitely not the spot to go to once you've graduated college and want to surround yourself with good energy and good beers.I have never really liked F&M. Despite that, this was a bar where I spent many nights throughout the course of my youth (18-21). It seems that friends always wanted to go here, but I could never understand why.
Fast forward to today, and it had been 15 years since I had been to this bar. Once again a friend insisted we go, so I said what the hell. 
As I was walking up, my reasons for disliking this bar all came flooding back to me. There were at least eight beautiful young drunk girls milling about out front. Some were crying, some were laughing while others looked like they had just vomited. Once past that scene, I reluctantly opened the door. Holy shit! In 15 years, nothing had changed.
The interior still looked as if the building would collapse at any moment. The front bar was jam packed with drunken college age people. The pool table was loaded with drunk guys dancing. Who in the hell wants to see a bunch of dudes on the pool table? Women? Sure. But guys? WTF? As an added bonus the floor was covered in broken glass. This made walking around more interesting, but it did add to the divey ambiance.
The back patio was even more crowded, so we headed upstairs..... Wait a minute. F&M has an upstairs? Despite hundreds (OK, maybe not hundreds) of trips here, I never remembered an upstairs. Maybe I blocked it out of my memory, but there it was, stairs and all. It was far less crowded and seemed like the best spot in the bar.
Will I be back to F&M? Probably.
Will I ever suggest my friends and I go here? Probably not
Should you go? If you read my description of the drunk girls, crowds, and dudes on the pool table and got excited, then get here ASAP.
Note: There is a couch under the stairs. It seems like a nice secluded spot to sit, but I would imagine a black light may reveal some disturbing things. Sit at your own risk.Used to be my favorite bar but I really feel like the quality has gone down lately. I got some cheese fries last night and the cheese wasn't even melted all the way. Very disappointing fump and mannys.First of all, I don't know why people are giving this bar such negative reviews. This is by far one of the funnest bars to go to. I come here atleast once a week. I love to dance, and they play the BEST music. If a song comes on that I don't particularly care for, I usually just migrate to another room. They have the BEST cheese fries in the city of New Orleans. And you have to dance on the pool table atleast once in your life: it is the F&M's right of passage. You have to come here on a Friday or Saturday night after about 1 am. You know you get here too early when you see a leopard print pool table. I don't think I've ever had a bad time here.The finest bar in the world for the college crowd. Cheap drinks, no cover, awesome DJ's in all three rooms, and it's poppin all night every night- I was there last Sunday at 2am and it was fully packed to the max.This is where you end your night.  It's a college bar and stays open till 5 am.  It IS a dive bar but it's always packed! It's kind of like a house party.  Everyone's down for a good time.  Rarely did things get out of order.  They do have a small grill for the drunks.  Burgers, cheese fries.... Since it's off the tourist's area you'll just get mostly locals.Horrible place. The bartender committed credit card fraud and changed the tip I gave him into ten times the original tip. When I called to tell them about the mistake, they never even answered any of my calls. If you feel the need to go here (which you shouldn't because there are a thousand bars in New Orleans which will treat you with respect and not steal from you) then at least pay in cash just to be safe.God, I really wish I wasn't familiar enough with this place to actually review it. but here it goes: if you're between the ages of 18-25 and are all about ending up in some random person's (by that I mean Tulane/Loyola student's) bed tomorrow morning, this isn't a bad place to go. 
For us non-fratboys/sorority girls, this is more of an end-of-the-night place that my friends and I go to between 1am-5am after we've already gotten hammered at house parties/other, better bars. 
The drinks are fairly cheap (around $3 for a beer, $3-4 for a whiskey and coke), it gets packed, they play very "danceable" pop/hiphop music, and if you grew up in New Orleans (or maybe  if you've just been here awhile), you're almost guaranteed to see someone you knew here. 
*drink prices are educated guesses because I've never actually been here sober enough to pay attention.I've somehow been frequenting F&M's since 2008 and I have come to the conclusion that there's some sort of divine force at work there. How many times have we all almost died while in this hallowed dive bar? Whether it's from falling off of an elevated surface, tripping down the staircase, or having 10 too many shots, something otherworldly is at work here. Pretty much every time my friends and I end up here, one of us will inevitably leave something. 9 times out of 10 it is returned to us by the friendly staff and the omniscient FM's God. This place even made it through the fire earlier this year and was reborn like a Phoenix shortly after, new and improved (?). Yes, it is filled with drunk college students, but that does not mean I don't see ladies and gentleman of all ages creepin around the bar getting in on the action (or trying to record people dancing on the pool table - that really happened, ew). If you're there and as mind-obliteratingly drunk as you should be, you probably won't even notice the overzealous college freshman or that creepy old guy that's been sitting in the corner for hours watching you and your friends. Great people watching if you can stay sober enough to pay attention, but that's not very likely. Befriend the staff - they are amazing and will take care of your drunk self if (when) you make a fool of yourself. Tip your bartenders well - they deserve it.If you are looking down at your watch at 3AM and want to keep the night going, head to F&Ms. Its a little grimey and the crowd is a little douchey/fratty but you can dance like a maniac to 90s southern rap in peace. What really keeps me coming back to this place are the Alligator Quesadillas, they are delicious. And yes I have had them sober.IF I only were to have found this place in college or just after. Went with the wife to relive her college years of dancing on the pool table with friends. This place is intense if you are over 25. 
The place is wall to wall crowded and has all those symptoms of a really crowded college bar. Long wait at the bar, impossible bathroom situation, drunk kids bumping into you and spilling drinks, and so forth. 
For all those negatives to me, it's exactly where you'd wanna be if you were still rocking the undergrad life. So 3 stars for me, since I still had a little fun, but probably 5 stars for the early 20's folks. 
Also, best Cheese fries ever.Ugh.
What it has:
A pool table that is used more for dancing on than actual pool.
An upstairs that you probably didn't know about.
A patio that you probably didn't know about (other than the name of the place).
A hiding place under the stairs.
Cheese fries that taste better after a long night.
College kids
What it doesn't have:
A clean bathroom
A real reason for anyone over 25 to rightfully go here
A sense of decor
"Mr/Mrs Right"
A proper dance floor
I would like to state, that in the last 5 years I have never gone here on my own volition. I have always been BROUGHT here.I came here on a Friday night & as soon as I walked in I saw too many girls dancing to 90's pop music on the pool table. This place def. has a vintage vibe to it...it looks like it's about to break down and if you glance at the ceiling you'd be surprised how it's not about to collapse at that second. From their vintage jukebox, cigarette vending machine, Christmas lights and random patio chairs..it makes you feel like your in a really old basement , kinda sorda.
 However, my main goal was to try those CHEESE FRIES! Which were waffles fries and satisfying but over rated for sure. Nonetheless they were good.
 I would agree with Matthew V's review that this place is more for people under the age of 21 or entering college. They played a lot of 90's pop music (Blink 182, Sugar Ray) Which was alright.
Overall, it was okay...I wouldn't come back because it just wasn't my scene..I felt old :( hahahaHAHA! I'm loving Ryan W.'s "Come to see the darker side of debutantes" comment!
Yes, it's true, this is a yuppyish white kids bar, often full of Tulane students. When I was at school, it seemed reliable that you would run into your crush /ex /3 AM hookup /future 3 AM hookup at F&M's. And it wouldn't be out of place to begin making out at the bar... or having your crush, ex, 3 AM hookup, and future 3 AM hookup fighting outside in the parking lot. Expect strong drinks, cattiness, dirty south music, and designer drugs. 
The patio is definitely a respite as the bar tends to fill up and gets way hot. The upstairs feels shady, like R. Kelly may come out of nowhere and molest you. But, all in all, I did keep coming back here. It's just one of those things...Famous for their dancing on the pool tables, F&M is a hopping place after about Midnight. Lots of Tulane and Loyola students. If you're looking for a pick-up joint with a little spice they say this is your place. In the grand tradition of laid back New Orleans dive bars. The Cheese fries are a great late night snack. Don't go too earlyHonestly your typical college bar it's not anything special.  It is a famous well known bar in NOLA . You really have to be drunk to enjoy urself here it's kinda disgusting to be honest but it's fun. I wouldn't recommend using the bathroom but sometimes you just got to go lol. When the upstairs is open it's super fun. I think everyone should stop and have little FUMPS experience!If you like dead roaches in your cheese fries and cheap drinks with bugs in them while ugly guys hit on you this is your place.There are 2 good reasons to come to F&M.
1. It is Mardi Gras Night (or early morning Ash Wednesday) and you don't want to let Carnival Season End.
2. You are drunk and need cheese fries and for one reason or another are not going to Cooters or Bruno's.This place is alright. They offer good drinks and decent food. Extremely friendly staff. Probably would not take my mom here, but maybe would take my dad. Maybe. 
It is a bit dingy with a college bar type feel, but not a whole lot of college kids. It draws an odd crowd. The music is a little bit too loud and it has pretty low lighting. 
The patio is really nice and has potential for a very nice atmosphere, but the loud music kinda kills it for me, personally. 
If you're on chop, I'd suggest driving five more minutes south to NOLA Brewery for a better and classier atmosphere. 
Cheers!amazing cheese fries. college students going wild.I had a lot of fun at this place last weekend.  Was I a little old to be in there?  Probably.  But I was on vacation so eff it.  It's a good old fashioned college bar full of young people drinking and enjoying life.  Nothing wrong with that.  
There isn't really anything special about it aesthetically, but with bars there usually doesn't have to be.  All that matters is the crowd.  Younger crowd, but lively and having a good time.  If I lived in New Orleans I wouldn't go here often - 6 years ago I would have - but I would go every now and then.  
The cheese fries are off the proverbial hook as well.Come here after 12 midnight. Best cheese to fry ratio anywhere in the city. The cheese fry girl is out of this world. Come get you someeeeeeeBlake Avery the bartender just told me I'm not welcome here. I felt extremely disrespected. Was just asking for water. Very disappointed in the staff, I've seen much more respectful bartenders at other bars. Good chance I won't return though I'm a local because of my dissatisfaction with the service.One of the best dive bars in the city.
You can get cheap beer and great for people watching.
They could upgrade the bathroom and no one would complain.I've decided to write a review for one of my all time favorite places, F & Ms. My first encounter with fumps was about 3 years ago and it was love at first sight.  On the outside this place looks like any other Nola dive bar, but once you step inside and make your way from room to room you realize this is anything but usual.  Start in the front room where people are dancing on a covered pool table; I don't think a game has ever been played on it.  I have danced, and fallen, off the famous covered pool table on many occasions.  Then make your way upstairs for disco like scene with flashing lights.  If you want a traditional bar scene head to the cheese fry room, at least that's what I like to call it.  TRY THE CHEESE FRIES.  And if you want to sit and catch up with friends head out to the patio for breathe of fresh air.
What I love so much about this bar is every room brings a different tone for the evening, accompanied by a different soundtrack.  One can never be bored, or hate the music, or think it's too loud, because if you wander to the next room everything changes.  I seriously just love this place, no shame at all.Weird, weird place. The drinks are cheap, and barbacks/support staff are nice but I didn't see a bartender smile once or even make eye contact with the people ordering. Definitely nothing specialThe ultimate dive bar. 
F&M is sort of like 3 bars in one. In room one you will find a pool table with a piece of plywood on top, under a bunch of christmas lights. Get on this table and dance. In the next room you'll find cheese fries. Then there is upstairs...
To get upstairs you'll have to walk through a permanent pool of water, just sitting on the floor in front of the stairs. Then you'll have to climb stairs that are ridiculously high for an establishment full of drunks. 
F&Ms is permanently wet. I have no idea why. I've never been there when it was raining, but its always dripping and full of puddles. It is also full of fabulously drunk Tulane and Loyola students, dancing to music that can only be described as a rich white kid's dream. I have never been to F&M and not had the opportunity to dance to the Backstreet Boys and Spice Girls at least once. 
Go late, eat cheese fries, and dance. And come drunk. You'll enjoy it more.Come see the darker side of debutantes. After the White dress balls are over, this is where they come to drink til they vomit. And vomit at F&M is not a rare thing. There's nothing special about F&M. It is too small, it is dirty, it is falling apart. I'd vote to avoid it like the plague. go next door to grits instead.Omg! That bartender Smokey is the hottest bartender EVER!!! However, listing 7 pm as the opening time is grossly inaccurate. #allaboutthatbassboutthatbassnotthattrebleLast night, the cop working to keep people out of the back rooms cursed my boyfriend and I out for inquiring as to whether the back rooms were open, and then attempted to get us cut off. After explaining the situation, we were apologized to. Then after getting a round of drink, when attempting to open a tab, the bartender began to antagonize my boyfriend for not 'buying the drinks'. As my boyfriend tried to hand him a card for the tab, he was slapped by the bartender. My boyfriend, believing that this was all in jest and taking this with good nature, did swipe back, knocking the glasses of the bartender partially off as the bartender spilled a drink. We were immediately kicked out of the bar. Then in an attempt to get a badge number for the first officer, my boyfriend was arrested for being "drunk and disorderly" and "disturbing the peace", though he did nothing besides inquire about information he has a right to receive.
Long story short- don't go to F&M's. The bartenders are drunk assholes who may assault you and get you arrested.I'm not sure how I ended up at this place, but all the locals know it as where the Freshman College Girls go to dance. If that's your scene, then uh...have fun with that one. If you're a Tulane/Loyola student, you're doing yourself a disservice to not visit this place, but even more of a disservice to frequent this place. 
It is what it is. There's dancing, there's a patio, there's booze.If you want to have fun in New Orleans this is the ABSOLUTE best bar to do so in. Hands down. For some reason, when people pass through the door inhibitions are gone and everyone just wants to have a great time - even til 5 in the morning.We're going to Old Tipitina's one night, and our cab driver said he drops a lot of "kids" off close by at a bar called F & M.  Curious, we found it for a drink before the show we were going to see. At 10pm, we found only 3 older, sketchy men, a leopard print pool table, and the worst jukebox ever-- lots of Kenny Loggins.  We found the patio out back, which was deserted at the time but the only part of the bar that looked good.Worst place ever. Always so crowded and your mixed-drinks are about 95% soda.
And if you're a male, it has the worst bathroom situation ever. Avoid at all costs.No one comes here until 1 AM and after. It usually gets too crowded and then I move next door to Grits. Average age is 20-21 so don't plan on staying long.I've never gone to F&M's willingly. I've only gone because my friends were already there and the entire time I'm there, I want to go to another bar instead. It's loud, the people are louder, and it's great if you're under 21. It's very "frat" and kind of expensive for the dive-y atmosphere but the photobooth was pretty fun.This place is cool as long as you know what you're getting into. I had a gig last night and at about 3 we were still at the bar trying to figure out where to go. I said I wanted to go dancing. So we walked over to F&M's from Bon Temps.
I had read numerous Yelp reviews about this place, because my first week in New Orleans, I had inquired where I should go dancing and a cop told me to check out F&M's. I'm gonna be honest and say that I'm not a huge fan of dive bars. Having said that, I keep ending up at dive bars here in NO and now I just deal with it. So when we had decided to go over here, I knew exactly what to expect.
We got there, and sure enough, there were a bunch of drunk college kids. Whatever. The second or third song after our arrival was Teach Me How to Dougie and I was more than pleased. I was already smelling like an ashtray and all I wanted to do was get down on the dance floor, so nothing else really mattered to me. So. I broke it down. In my five inch heels that I had been rocking all night.
I tried the cheese fries because I was hungry and I remembered reading about them. They were good. I do wish they were a little more flavorful, but whatever. It's drunk people food. The girl making them was friendly. While I was waiting for my fries, some really drunk guy told me I was beautiful (I told him that I knew) and tried to kiss me about five times. It was kinda gross but also hilarious.
I also had a personal dance serenade done by some guy. I don't know if he expected that I would fall for that and go home with him, but it was entertaining anyway.
Let's see. I would probably only go back if it was like 3 am and with enough liquor in my system. I would not go here with just girlfriends. Last night I was rollin with a bunch of dudes so I felt very safe and that's why I could just laugh at the drunk dude tryin to kiss me forcefully.
Ooh, also I ran into the guy that works at Monkey Hill that I saw on my first night in New Orleans here last night. I felt like a local. Lol.Oh F&M's, I'm so glad that fire didn't bring you down. What would I do without being able to scream out the hits of the 90's and beyond while dropping it like its hot on a pool table WHILE eating cheese fries at 2am?!
Probably pass out, but it's MUCH more fun to sing, drop it like its hot, and eat cheese fries first.I has pretty good times in my two trips to F&M's. 3 bars and a nice patio/outdoor area. Upstairs is more of the same (beat up furniture and booths/tables). I would say this bar is a College bar but last time i went it was more like a 28+ crowd. But hey the music is loud and the drinks are pretty cheap!If you cannot handle the greek college scene, dancing on bar tables, crowded dive bars and dank, dirty bathrooms then you will probably agree with the other reviews of F & Ms here.  If you go to bars to meet people, talk with friends and have a relaxing evening, just stop reading here.  
F & Ms is a place to go to Just Dance!  It'll be okay.  Forget about all the rest.  Since moving to New Orleans, I have been told by many that this place is gross and there is a terrible crowd and to avoid it unless I am searching for some frat boy to go home with.  Despite all that, I love it.  F&Ms is the perfect end to a night out in New Orleans.  I like to arrive around 2 am when the crowd really begins.  There are three different areas to dance with three different playlists, so if you don't like one song, you can just move to the next room.  
The cheese fries are what originally brought me here.  The waffle fries are smothered in cheese and are just greasy enough to cure any desire for drunk munchies.  My advice for F & Ms is to go already drunk (so you can avoid the issues with bartenders other reviewers have mentioned) and to go with a group of 3 or 4 friends (more than that, it'll get crowded, less you might be the aim of some not so desirable men).  And just dance.Very fun atmosphere. The layout has a lot to do with this, but I imagine that on quieter nights it starts to feel empty. I agree that it is a college bar- there were plenty of kids under 21. However, my friend who was of age stepped outside to smoke, and when he returned, they denied his legitimate goverment-issued ID. He politely consented to police involvement: he needed his driver's license back! The staff behaved entirely disrespectfully, but what is there to expect out of a college bar?Are you 19 years old?  Do you want to hang out with 19 year olds and listen to Journey?  if so then i'd give it 5 stars.  if not then don't come here.
Having said that...it is at least open late.
Oh yeah...$20 minimum on cards...because if you're spending daddy's money you're not going to have any cash.I love F&Ms, don't get me wrong. I've had a great time about 75% of the time I've been there. However, tonight one of my friends was treated rudely by one of the bouncers at the door. My friend is of age. He is 23, and had a government issued North Carolina drivers license, complete with the proper holographic watermark and it was valid and clearly stated his date of birth. The bouncer said his ID was fake and refuse to let him in. Thankfully, we were able to get into the front entrance through a bouncer who actually knew how to do his job. 
My suggestion to this establishment: either adequately train your staff to read a drivers license from any of the 50 states or stop hiring privileged imbeciles from Tulane and Loyola to work your door. 
Whoever this moron was, he was working the back entrance on NYE 2016. Clearly he lacks the ability to read a drivers license:When I first went to F&Ms back in the late 80's the world was a different place. Steve Clark was still cranking out tunes, people used words like carpool, women were much cleaner. Back then Patty was still making those famous thousand island snausages and big Mark still was running the bar at the F&Ms. Boy I miss Mark. Fate is cruel, and hail is a hell of a drug. Today, I don't know. I visit the place from time to time-- just to see big marks plaque on the wall and remember the old times. But even that and the hardest liquor can't make the memories come back to life. 
If you ever find yourself in the F&Ms ask the bar keep about Jane O'Donald. It's a little known secret but all the staff that are in the know will know that Jane kept a bottle of mescaline marmalade under an oak box on the far left corner of the bar that she swiped from a hermit in south Florida. If you ask the bar keep for a Jammy Jane I bet they'll give you her signature drink on the house (I'm not sure if the mescaline part is allowed anymore though).Do you ever pee in your shower?
- Sure it's kind of gross, but try it, you may like it.
- It kind of smells when you first start, but it actually goes away pretty quickly.
- It's not unusual to tell people you don't do it, while secretly doing it every weekend.
- Stopping midstream can be difficult, just go with the flow. You'll know when you're done.
- Don't let anyone judge you for doing it, different streams for different teams, right?
- It's something you do when you're younger but usually do less of as you get older.
- It certainly doesn't hurt anyone and can even be quite fun, but you still feel kinda dirty doing it.
- You can pretty much do it as late in the night as you want.
- No one's going to stop you, unless you're in a relationship.
- Some people actually look forward to it, even get turned on by it, and yes, believe it or not, it can actually lead to sex.
- Quesadillas and Deluxe Cheese Fries.
Spending an evening at F&M's is like peeing in the shower.BEST CHEESE FRIES EVER! I visit nola once a year, and every time I do I make it a point to visit F&Ms at least once for their cheese fries.The bar itself is nothing spectacular, and every time I've gone its been way to crowded. But with cheese fries like that, who even cares.Last week I was staying in AirBnB near F&M. It was late night and I wanted to grab some food. I went to the bar. There were plenty of drunk young people dancing and the grill was closed. A typical late night bar. So you ask why the one star. I'm 57 years old. My temples have gone gray. Yet, I got carded. Sort of understand until you throw in the fact that I'm black.This is honestly such a piss poor establishment. Their hours are absolute insanity, and their customer service is abysmal. On their stupid excuse of a website, they say they open at 7. So when a customer shows up at 7:15, they should expect service. But instead, you can expect to be greeted with a locked door. After ringing the doorbell, and banging on the door, you will have the pleasure of having it opened by a high school dropout who refuses you service. You may remind him that online, you are told they open at 7, and he will respond that "the website hasn't been updated in decades." If you remind him that isn't your problem, he will not do anything to ameliorate it. So instead, you will get to take another $20 uber home without anything to show for it. Oh and if you try to call them? Don't bother...they won't answer anyways. F&m's is a disgusting sore in New Orleans side and honestly probably needs to be inspected by the Health Department as I am SURE they are violating quite a few laws. This place deserves to be shut down.Lets be straight. Its a bar for drunk college kids. Many memories of dancing on the pool table and eating cheese fries. Win winI know this is a NOLA favorite, but I just can't wrap my mind around how F&M is "fun."  It's partitioned into several rooms/sections so you can choose your poison, but this entire bar just screams "college bar."  
The whole dancing on pool tables schtick is entertaining, I guess?  And I guess I'm just a crochety old woman because I've never gotten the appeal.  The courtyard area can be tolerable with the faux foliage and seating area, but again, the type of crowd is usually a little off putting.  
They do seemingly offer very well-loved bar food - greasy, fried, buried in cheese delights.  Also drinks are reasonably cheap and strong so that is possibly the only draw of this place to me.Hang on their veritably amazing porch before the Greeks arrive. Then move to Grit's when they do. If and when Greeks spill over into Grit's, proceed to Brother's Three or Le Bon Temps. No problem!I used to be ashamed...Like I was hiding some dirty secret. When people would bring up F & M Patio Bar, I would agree, "psh" and throw in a "who goes there anymore?!" followed by another "psh."
I came out of the closet a little over 3 years ago, and professed my guilty pleasure for this New Orleans dirty little dive. But once you're passed the age of 25, you have to call it Fump & Manny's so you sound more sophisticated. 
I love dancing on the covered pool table, I have voraciously inhaled cheese fries at 3:00 AM in the morning and I have gone to Fump & Manny's probably 1-3 times a month for the last 3 years. 
While I am admittedly a dance-aholic, F&M's has no cover and if you don't like the music in the front, you can go to the back bar and if you don't like the music in the back bar, you can go upstairs. 
The cheese fries...oh, the cheese fries. So, about a year and a half ago they promoted their fry cook to bouncer, and ever since then I don't think the cheese fries have been the same. I used to order cheese fries with chives, bacon, jalapeno peppers and andouille sausage with a side of ranch (I tell myself I'm burning the calories while dancing). I wasn't pleased with how all the accoutrements were coming together in later cheese fry orders so now I just ask for the chives and side of ranch. Another very, very important note regarding the cheese fries...Do not, I repeat, do not eat the cheese fries unless you are inebriated. The deliciousness of the fries is only accentuated by the fact that you have a belly full of booze. ALSO, NEVER TAKE YOUR CHEESE FRIES HOME... It's comparable to being really hammered and thinking that the guy or gal at the end of the bar is looking pretty hot at, oh, 4 am, so you bring them back to your humble abode only to find the next morning they look like Rodney Dangerfield with Fran Drescher's voice.  I did this with my cheese fries one night...Upon opening the fridge the next day, I gasped in fear at the cheese blob monster that was nesting between my spicy pickles and salsa. Ah!
The reason I go there so often is because 1. I know some of the bartenders, so that doesn't hurt 2. We have enough friends that go there that it creates a bubble that separates me from the douche bags 3. It's a nostalgia thing...
My dad went there when it was Fump & Manny's back in the day, and my mom may have danced on the pool tables one or two or three times with me. It's in my bloooood. 
I can't say I would go there as much without bartender friends, and the kids are looking younger and younger ever year thought SPOTTED Kevin Costner was definitely there a couple weeks ago.
A couple of don'ts:
Don't go here alone.
Don't go here sober.
Don't go here before 2 am.
Don't go here looking for love.
Don't go here doing the pee pee dance or if you have a small bladder. 
Don't go here without your dancing shoes on.This place is for the upturned-collar polo and bud light crowd.  Sure, it's huge, and the bartenders are hot, but ugh! the crowd.  Boys and girls who aren't yet women.  Pass it and hang a left at Tipitina's:  go to Ms Maes for much cheaper drinks, a much more diverse and enjoyable crowd, and oh that wonderful curtain to make you unaware that the early morning hides outside so you can really enjoy getting duckface hammered.Back when Blue Oak was still around the corner i used to go to F &M's. But then I left the bar one night and two guys grabbed me
The bouncers
And proceeded to throw me to the ground.  I was wearing my older brother's jacket and these guys proceeded to attack me messing me and the jacket up.  This is after I left the spot and am already outside the building.
 No one helps, people even laugh as I'm publicly beaten outside of a bar I didn't get thrown out of.  I paid my tab and must have looked like the wrong hispanic.
I always forgot to leave a review about my experience but heard this still happens.
Yeah these bouncers need to learn the law because assault is assault.DO NOT GO!!!! BOUNCERS ARE VIOLENT. Bouncer threw a full glass beer bottle and chunked it at me and a group of 7 other girls. Me and my friends were absolutely not provoking him to result in such a violent manner which is absolutely infuriating. Thank God it didn't hit any of us or injure anyone. Sounds like a serious liability on behalf of the business to have him working. Have tried to call and contact several times to speak to a manager about the situation,  no answer. Also, took the identification of a girl in another group and threw it across the road and told her to "fetch it, b****".  SERIOUSLY RUDE AND VIOLENT BOUNCERS WORKING AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT. do not go unless you would like to be disrespected and be a victim of violence for no reason.Best place ever for late night dancing! And forget the cheese fries! Get the chicken quesadillas! Yummmmmy!it's a good bar for what it is. it's a 21+ bar but average age is usually 18-23. usually a few groups of 30 year old and 40 year old trying to live out their glory days. Don't go there before midnight unless you want to be the only ones in the bar. it's prime time is usually 1-3. some of my best memories in high school is dancing on that pool table and eating cheese fries. You aren't going to get a great cocktail but you will get a strong drink that will help you ignore the gross bathroom and the mold on the cheese fries.I wanted to share this experience while it was still recent. The people you've decided to employ at this place throw sharp ice cubes at people to get them to leave your establishment (can it even be called that?). How can you do this to people who come and pay money to drink/eat here? If I could rate this place 0/5 I would.F&Ms (Fumps) is a really fun dive/ dance bar in the uptown area. Don't go to Fumps expecting a nice bar. It is a dive bar where people go late on weekend nights (don't go before 1 or 2) to dance on the pool table, drink relatively cheap drinks, and EAT CHEESE FRIES. Fumps is the perfect place to go after you've already been out for a few hours and are relatively drunk. DO NOT go to Fumps sober, it is not a pretty sight. I love the mixture of the front room with the pool table, the upstairs bar, and the back bar/ patio (oh did I mention cheese fries? get them!!!) Fumps gets very very crowded on the weekend and there are a lot of drunk college kids there. I know I've reached a point where I'm too old to go there (over the age of 21) but Fumps will always be my guilty pleasure.
Drinks -- 3 stars
Cheese fries -- 5 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Service -- 3.5 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 stars (its a dive bar)The bouncers are VIOLENT. I made a joke about their dumb dress code rule (you have to wear sleeves? In hundred degree weather??)  and he pulled up his shirt, exposing his gun. He actually said "you see this gun, get out of my bar" of course including plenty of F-bombs which I have omitted. This was last summer but it stuck with me and I guess I never wrote a review until now. Don't ever give this place your money when they open back up. I don't think this is the only vile person they have given a job to. I'm pretty sure he was an off-duty cop as well. Wish I would've gotten his badge number. He has major anger issues.If you're from the Northeast or if you're African American / latino etc. and know good music, DON'T COME HERE. JASE, and his crew of bouncers are extremely rude and racist. If you're not white passing, then don't come here. It's worked by college, ignorant, students who are distasteful, disrespectful, and have a poor taste in life. Learn how to cater to your audience. Fire Jase and your current crew. The bar works off of Spotify with people who are incompetent and doesn't know how the app works. Shitty college students who work here clearly have no ambition, and it shows, and love to be ignorant. Good luck to making it in life.