Tried it twice and simply cannot do it again.  The service is truly bad, incredibly slow.  It's the kind of service where you're praying to see someone on the wait staff so you can get a drink refill because you finished your drink 15 minutes ago.  
Food-wise, I got the breakfast fried rice, and my shrimp were so salty they were inedible--I actually had to spit the first one into my napkin.  My partner's shrimp, on the other hand, had no salt (how does this happen?!), and one was uncooked.  I did not (and frankly COULD NOT) eat my meal because of the salt issue.  The three other people at my table tried a bite of my meal and were similarly shocked by the salt.  None of us has never experienced something this "off" in a meal.  It went way beyond the "it's a little salty" to "holy crap I might be sick because something is so wrong with what I just took a bite of."
I politely told the waitress that she may want to let the cook know something was wrong with the salt level, and she said she was sorry and would let the manager know.  Then I got the bill and the shrimp were still on the tab, no one offered us even a free slice of pie or said "Hey sorry you paid $94 for brunch and two of the four people couldn't eat their food," nothing.  I don't like giving a bad review on here, but I felt like I'd been taken advantage of or scammed almost.  
I wish this place were even moderately good because it's so close to my house, but I just can't do it again.  I will not return, and I would not recommend this restaurant to a friend.  I would recommend this restaurant to an enemy.  (That was a joke.)I've been here 3 times and the first 2 times were good. The 3rd time, both my and my partner's meal was not good. Not horrible,but not inspired either and way overpriced- and that sucks!
What can I say? I've had the fresh biscuits with the home made jam and those are good, though again a bit overpriced at $6. I've had the corn bread which was just OK and not worth getting again. And I've had the biscuit with fried chicken, cheddar cheese and sausage gravy ($10). Usually this meal is good and in the past was worth returning for, but this time it was really yuck. Why? Way too much cheese (and I love cheese), part of the chicken was cold, and the gravy was tasteless and everything had a smoky flavor. I left feeling icky and filled with fat and grease when previously I had left full and satisfied.
My partner has had a couple different meals which he thought were OK, but last time he ordered  Eggs benedict and we were both surprised at how tiny the meal was for $13. It was 3 poached eggs, an english muffin and 2 slim pieces of ham. He was still hungry when we left- probably to never return.
Too bad, because I want to like this place and I had a couple good experiences there. Now I understand why the reviews are so low-the place is just not consistent.
So here is my honest assessment:
-Super cute inside and smells like roasting meat, which is tempting and yummy.
-A nice looking variety of foods on the menu which span breakfast, brunch and dinner.
-Close to home.
-Overpriced for what they offer ($10-$20 for breakfast per meal).
-Inconsistent 
-Service can be spottyThe food was ok but the service was horrible. 
The guy waiting on us couldn't even tell me what type of barbecue they serve, and we had to flag him down every time we ever needed anything. There are lost of people who work here but I seems that they would rather stand around and gossip with each other instead of doing their job! 
The food was mediocre. I didn't expect it to be a barbecue place because the name is The Fat Hen, I was expecting more chicken than pork on the menu. The ribs were ok but I wouldn't order them again. The best thing I had was the macaroni. 
Also on one wall they have graphic paintings of all the cuts of meat of cows pigs and chickens. NOT appetizing to look at while you eat. I could never bring a vegetarian here.Ever been to a place that tries to be something more than it really is? Well this is that place. Take a location in an upscale neighborhood, describe menu items like no one else has ever cooked them and tell your servers there can be no requests or changes.....no matter what the customer wants or asks! Then you have the Fat Hen Deli! Menu items are over priced and the staff have a sarcastic tone when you ask for anything to be cooked or served the way you like it.
Their main item, the Shane Burger. You don't like onions, you want onions on the side, you are allergic to onions....too bad! They WILL NOT serve the burger without cooked onions! I'm not kidding! And if they say the portions are "hearty," well no there not.
Great food and impeccable service make any restaurant. Let's just say they are trying, but not trying hard.Had breakfast today on the recommendation of a friend. I got the womolet - have to say, for a store that claims to be fresh, using Kraft American cheese slices on top of the fresh eggs, ham and waffle, was a serious misstep. The eggs, ham and waffle were good but I expected more for the cost.I really enjoyed my Sunday lunch at this new spot. Living just down the road, I'm regularly saturated with the smell of fresh hickory smoked meat on my bike ride to work. I finally went inside for a meal this weekend, and was thoroughly impressed. The decor is elegantly rustic, while still maintaining a ambiance of hip. The service was outstanding. The young lady that waited on us was just as prompt, as she was well-spoken. My coffee mug was never below half full despite the entire dining room being filled to capacity. She must have had 4 hands to deliver that quality of service. The pulled pork sandwich was a bit dry. I would recommend applying the scrumptious potato salad just under the bun.This was our first experience at Fat Hen.
I wanted to love it since it's a very short walk from our house. I'm giving it 2 stars because it didn't suck outright and the manager was attentive to feedback.
On a positive note, the biscuits were very tasty.
We arrived around 10:30 on a Sunday morning and were seated immediately. The hostess took our drink order: 2 coffees, 2 waters and 2 apple juices. An older couple came in at least 5 minutes after us and were giving their order to their waitress before we even had coffee on the table. It took us another 5 minutes for our waitress to arrive at which point she said, seeing our cooling coffee "do you know what you'd like to eat"?
I ordered the Eggs Creole: poached eggs and creole red sauce over a bed of cheesy grits.
My wife ordered an omelet with a normal amount of stuff.
The kids ordered from the kids menu, a pancake and the french toast.
Still no apple juice for the kids BTW.
A few minutes later the apple juice arrived, delivered by the hostess, not our waitress.
The Kids' pancake was a decent size and came with a "side of bacon" - to be clear, the side is 1 piece of undercooked greasy bacon.
The Kids' french toast was laughably insufficient. I wish I'd seen the final bill so I could comment on the ridiculous price but my wife paid. It was one piece of bread cut diagonally! Once piece of bread!
So, approximately 5 minutes after our kids are completely done with their breakfast my wife's and mine arrive.
My poached eggs were cooked hard-boiled. The yolks were completely solid. The grits were ok, but overcooked and the creole sauce was insufficient given the lack of juicy-ness of the eggs and grits.
My wife's omelet was similarly overcooked. The distribution of the filling was poor - all the cheese was completely on one end - and, it was lacking avocado, which she'd ordered.
The adult side of bacon was an ok size, but similarly undercooked and floppy.
Our waitress was really bad. We were constantly looking for her and were repeatedly without coffee and / or water. In the end, I took our 4 year old to the bathroom and left my wife to pay the bill. On my return - after an exceedingly long bathroom trip (details withheld to spare the weak of heart) - we still didn't have the check back.
So, 2 coffees, 2 apple juices, an omelet, eggs creole, kids' pancake and kids' french toast: $52.00 including tax. This would have been reasonable if it was great, a little pricey if just good, but ridiculous for what it was.
I'll gladly suffer the lines at Refuel Cafe (nearly the same price), or the cash-only policy at Slim Goodies (half the cost, but much more "earthy" let's say), either of which is vastly superior in quality and service.It's a fine place to have an ordinary lunch at expense account prices. Everything is a la carte. A Reuben, potato salad and drink were $20.00. None is these items are super-sized (for those who like to bring home a portion of their meals). Staff is affable and slick up-sellers. Very homey atmosphere.My turkey burger was barely seasoned, his turkey sandwich had one slice of turkey on it and the mac and cheese was bad. My server was weird and slow, and the host was the same. Not worthy my Saturday morning.I'll tell you the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
I have gone to Fat Hen many times because the food really is quite good, and there is almost never a line. It had been ignored or passed over. The service was always pretty slow and unprofessional, perhaps because they don't have a liquor license-- skilled servers want to work where they make more money. The last two visits though broke the camel's back.
I went once a couple weeks back and our server was SO horrendous, we weren't sure what to do or who to speak to. It was clear that she was new, but she should not have been out on the floor. Everything we ordered she came back 2-3 times to double-check; she refused to split our cards, and when she finally agreed to split two evenly, they came back as $37 and $59.... yet she offered no solution and said we'd have to deal with it; on top of this, she gave herself an automatic 20% TIP on a table of only four of us!!! It was outrageous. We never received some of the food and it was totally unpleasant.
Cut to the next weekend- we had friends in town and wanted a brunch spot that we could get into, so against my best judgment I suggested Fat Hen, again because their wait is usually short. We called to make a reservation, no problem. They could fit us. Yet when we arrived, an incompetent new host had us wait for 40 minutes without explanation or apology. When he finally sat us (at our suggestion squeezing us into a table of 6, rather than splitting us as he wanted to after waiting that long...), we were graced with the presence of the most abrasive and unprofessional waitress I've ever met. She starts us off with the "rules" --no split cards, no specials, tip included in bill. THANKS PSYCHO. The meal gets progressively worse as our food takes forever, the SIX DOLLAR juices are POSITIVELY watered down (NOT worth ordering!!!), and- when we mention our frustration to the waitress at waiting for 1.5 hours before our food arrived- she says it's our fault, because we only made the reservation the morning of. IF YOU CALL IN A RESERVATION, THEY EITHER NEED TO TAKE IT OR NOT. We didn't force them to say "Sure, no problem." And we CERTAINLY would have gone to one of the other much more competent restaurants in town over waiting for this sh*t show for 2 hours before we ate a bite of food.
The food is good. The service is beyond bad-- it's upsetting, insulting, and will ruin your meal. Skip Fat Hen. Go to Surrey's, Slim Goody's, Camellia Grille, Coulis, ANYWHERE ELSE. Real talk.Great food...breakfast all day...huge pancakes!!  Will return!Good food, but NOT a clean restaurant. My friend had a hair in her food and my water glass had white sludge at the bottom.First time there tonite. Decor is nice.  Noisy. Wait staff was ok. Hamburger was good. Fries greasy and Luke warm. Chicken pot pie was tasty. They did offer refills on drinks, unlike comment on other review. Breakfast menu looks interesting.  Everything was over priced. Maybe we'll try them again in a few months after they get some bugs worked out or maybe for breakfast.... If the curse of the location doesn't do them in. We wish them well.I just keep wanting it to work out. The food has been a solid A- at least every time we've gone. Some transcendent dishes and some not as great, but never bad. But the service? Good God, people. Get it together. It should not take 30 minutes to make a sandwich. The poor woman at the table next to us last Friday night waited 35 minutes for a SALAD. Why are there 7 dudes in the kitchen and 2 servers on the floor (one of which is new and completely lost)? And what are 5 of those 7 dudes even DOING back there that it's taking you 30 minutes to make a brisket sandwich. The food is too good to allow mismanagement and laziness to close this place down.About a month ago I ordered a pickup order over the phone.  I ordered the burger medium rare with the addition of Berkshire bacon and the pot pie. 
Picked up the food, had to wait for it to be ready for about 15-20 minutes.  I checked out the "grocery" store and played with my phone.  Finally got my order and headed home for dinner.  My burger was pretty well done far beyond a medium rare.  To be fair, it is possible that carry over cooking could be the cause, but the this patty was drrrry.  I also discovered that the premium $4 Berkshire bacon  was left off.  I normally wouldn't care, but $4 for two strips of bacon is a premium so I called to see if they could just credit my card back the $4.  I was told by the manager that they really couldn't do that but could email me a coupon for a credit for an order of bacon and an entree.  That seemed more than fair to me and I kept an eye out for this email.  When the email didn't arrive, I emailed the restaurant and inquired.  I received a reply and was told that the manager I had communicated with was no longer with the company and asked that I give them time to "investigate."  Two weeks later after not hearing anything I followed up via email and then another email a few days later.  I have not heard anything back.  Four dollars is not a lot of money to quibble over, but the experience of paying a premium price for a premium product, looking forward to trying it, having it left off the order, and then being ignored convinces me that there are better places to spend your money.Decent food, lousy service.  I live within a few blocks of this location and we've watched numerous restaurants and groceries try and survive in this doomed spot.  We've eaten in Fat Hen Grill in Kenner (it has since closed) and we like it, so why not?  The waiting area for your table is nice - right in the center with cozy seating and the hostess did get us coffee for the wait.  Once we were seated, the service headed downhill.   Rapidly.  Took forever to order, once we finally got our menus after two millennia.  My youngest daughter ordered pancakes with bananas and mangos (she LOVES mangos).  When the food finally came (50 minutes later), the pancakes had only bananas.  We asked where's the mango?  The waitress went back into the kitchen and came back and told us "sorry, they're out.  I don't know why they didn't tell me" - and then just walked off.  Huh?  They also ran out of plates, so they served our food on small odd-sized plates (she told us that too).  How do you run out of clean plates?  Do you have a dishwasher?  Redeeming:  The bacon kept this from being one star.  Its fantastic.  If this place can get is act together service-wise, it could  be something.  The food was decent enough that we're willing to try again and see if it improves.So Many Bad Reviews? I personally found that all of the BAD Reviews are mostly Legit!. 
This place should be famous for serving Way-Overpriced Portions of Uninspired Cuisine by a Waitstaff that would rather be somewhere else.  
Add one side-item, a cup of coffee plus tax & tip to your Breakfast Entree and you can expect to pay between $25 & $33 per person... for a half decent, small-portioned Breakfast!   
$18 FOR FRENCH TOAST? ($14 menu price plus 9% tax & a 17% tip: rounds up to around $18 and I just can't see this entire plate costing them more than 85 cents in total food cost, plus or minus 15 cents).  The texture of the french toast was a bit weird with mush bananas and the Rum-flavored syrup had little flavor. I saw $10 sandwiches that came with a side dish that had more sustenance than the $18 French Toast. French Toast is Cheap (bread, milk, egg, butter, banana & syrup), for $20, you can serve French Toast to a lot of people at home. 
The Hamburger was a disaster. The bun was overly crisp & dry to the point that it was difficult to eat. While trying to fit the burger in my mouth, the unseasoned hamburger patty fell apart into about 9 pieces. I had to eat it with a fork... pathetic!  The shoestrings Fries were good!  
My biggest turn-off about the Menu here is the constant repeat of the word "Shane-Made" as a combination spin off of the Chef's first name and the word "homemade" or "housemade". This was more annoying than it was cute. The Chef Owner's EGO seems to be larger than his ability to serve a decent, fair cuisine at a reasonable price. "Shanemade" has become our new word to describe a Restaurant's Cuisine that is Highly Overpriced and Underwhelming. 
Upon reading Chef Shane's Bio on his website, I learned that he had previously worked as a head chef under Emeril, but, on his own, he seems that he lacks the business knowledge and self-discipline to run an effective restaurant. Then I decided to Google 'Shane Pritchett' and learned from a (NOLA dot com) article that he and his wife were running a 'Ponzi Scheme' out of their Magazine Street Interiors Shop. These are NOT Good & Honest People look it up and decide for yourself. AVOID THIS PLACE.1 star because 0 is not an option. This is the first time in my life I had to walk out of a restaurant. Should have left before it even started as the hostess had no idea how to seat people and forgot about people on the list. We  ordered  soon after we sat down, but we were told they were out of glassware (both glasses and coffee mugs) so our drinks would take some time. After 20 minutes we questioned this as we saw Orange juice being delivered to other tables. Our drinks were rushed over after that then we sat for 45 minutes with no contact and no refills. With no food in sight we informed them we were leaving. Had good food here once before but will NEVER return.
 in short, a clusterf*ck.Terrible experience! Under new management since January... Food now of very poor quality, awful service. No wonder the place was empty at peak brunch timeToday was my second experience with Fat Hen. A few weeks back I went for dinner with a group of friends. The food was OK, the menu looked interesting. I was neither impressed nor offended. 
We went again this morning for breakfast. The place was PACKED. That's a good sign, right? We were seated at the counter right away, and our waitress showed up to take our drink order almost immediately. So far, so good. 
Fast forward 45 minutes, nothing but coffee in my stomach and caffeine pulsing through my veins. I look around and notice that the couple seated next to us (who ordered at least 10 minutes before us) has yet to receive any food either. Not good. 
When our food finally arrived by way of bus boy/food runner it was, of course, cold. Not sure how long it had been sitting somewhere waiting for me to eat, but the poached eggs were stiff and cold as were the soggy English muffin and bacon.  My fiance was in survival mode, and quickly devoured his cold food. I, on the other hand, could not justify waiting an hour for cold eggs. When our waitress finally resurfaced to give us our bill, I asked if she could take my breakfast off, since it was cold and I literally only ate one bite of one egg. 
The manager came over, looked visually annoyed, typed some approval code into the register, then left. Our waitress had moved on to her next table, so we just sat there wondering how much we owed for one meal. Not wanting to leave without paying for anything, we flagged down our waitress again, who told us that the manager had just voided the whole bill. I'm glad they didn't charge us, but it would have been more appropriate for someone to let us know what was going on.
I'm hungry now, I have to go find some food.Terrible staff and management. Food is decent.
 I have eaten at The Fat Hen twice now.  My first experience was ok, I ordered the Chicken Pot Pie and was told they were out of that dish and that they were serving Chicken n' Dumplings instead.  Since I love both I opted for the Dumplings.  They were  good but portion size is small and overpriced ($16 for lunch). 
Upon returning over a month later I tried to order the Pot Pie again and was given the same story of "we are out but are serving Dumplings instead".  Again, I ordered the dumplings.  When my food finally came about 45 min later the presentation was laughable.  There were literally 2 miniature dumplings on the miniature cast iron skillet they serve it in and very little chicken.  Without taking a bite I called the waiter over to take a look...he said he'd speak to the chef.  He came back 10 min later and said "I spoke to the chef and he said he put 4 or 5 dumplings in there". (??!?!)  First of all, NO HE DIDN'T.  Secondly, is that considered a generous amount?? 4 or 5??  How about at least doubling that before you try to justify charging $16 for a lunch portion. 
He then said he'd speak to a manager.  Never happened.  He dropped the check at the table 5 min later without adjusting the bill.  I asked if he bothered to speak with her and he said "no she's busy but you can talk to her if you want."  This was the rudest most clueless waiter I have ever encountered.  
I left hungry and fuming.  I called and asked to speak to the manager.  Someone by the name of Juliet answered, listened to my complaint and apologized profusely.  Without telling her who my server was she said "I know exactly who you're talking about, he's had several complaints"....if that's the case why hasn't he been let go??  She then asked for my email and said she would send out a gift certificate right away.  It's been several days and still no g.c.  I even called to remind them yesterday and gave them the email address again in case it was misspelled.  Still nothing....
Avoid this place.  I wonder if they even take the time to read these reviews because CLEARLY there is a general consensous that the service is awful.  Get it together Fat Hen!  You're making a horrible impression in a town known for great restaurants.Great food. Horrible service. Waited an hr for a table then another 20 min for the waitress to come by.  But once that food comes.... delicious.It's nice to see a new place with an established fan base take a chance in this "cursed" location on St. Charles halfway between Riverbend and Tulane. My colleague Jeff and I ventured down on a Thursday during our lunch hour. Fat Hen was in the second day of their soft opening. There were quite few staff members milling about that were obviously in various stages of training. 
Service was somewhat attentive. Kinks still being worked out. Our server came right away and took our order quickly, however, we didn't see her too much after that. Didn't provide us with pens for our credit card receipts. Little things that will come with more experience and time. 
Food took a bit longer than expected for our order choices. About 15-18 minutes. I chose the large salad with pulled chicken; received a sliced grilled chicken breast. Had a nice smoky taste regardless. I requested no cheese on the salad, however, it came with cheese anyway. Jeff ordered the pulled pork sandwich and was very pleased with his lunch choice. BBQ is obviously what they do best. He ordered  fries "for the table" and for $3.95, it was a pretty small portion. All in all, food was tasty. Portion size could be a bit more generous for the prices. Service needs some minor tweaking. 
We're looking forward to trying it again in the near future and hoping for a successful venture by Fat Hen in this location Uptown.I got a large BBQ platter to go: pulled pork with extra sauce, sesame seed buns, cheddar cheese biscuits, house-made pickles, Thai sweet and sour cucumbers and potato salad. The meat itself was really good. Very tender, with blackened bits of bark adding a great flavor. The house BBQ sauce is sweet and spicy, with a certain kind of refreshing fruitiness that it made it very original, unlike any I've had before. The house-made pickles were an unexpected treat, sweet but not too sweet, and still crispy from recent pickling. Ditto the Thai cucumber side, which had a more exotic taste, with lots of delicious crunchy pickled red onions in the mix, as well as cilantro. The potato salad wasn't mind blowing, but it sure was better than what you can get at most grocery store delis. The cheddar biscuits and chocolate chips cookies were just average. The price was reasonable given the generous portions. I'm not sure why this place gets so much hate on Yelp. Admittedly, I've never gone for a sit-down meal and experienced their level of service during a busy time...but I can happily report that the takeout was fast, easy and delicious.Nasty food, ridiculous service, absurd prices, no liquor license, and endless waiting.  Perfect meeting place for "Masochists Anonymous."I don't know why this place has such a bad rap! Our server was great and friendly. We had the catfish eggs benedict and an andouille sausage huevos rancheros dish. Aside from the grits, which were so-so, the food was delicious and affordable. 
They need a host, because when a huge mob of people come in, the servers get slammed and yeah, it slows down a bit. But that's to be expected when the waitstaff is overworked....deal with it hahaha. They were still courteous and apologetic about getting busy.Destined to have a hearty breakfast this morning I journeyed down St. Charles Ave. and ran across this darling restaurant.
The sign at the hostess stand instructed me to wait to be seated, so I waited. After a few minutes of standing at the entrance, the waitress told me to sit where I wanted.  It wasn't a busy morning.  Only two other tables were occupied, so I expected to be in an out.  After seating myself, I waited a few more minutes and decided to catch the waitress in passing to order my beverage, a butter pecan latte.  She sadly informed that they were out of that flavor.  I asked for the next best option, and she suggested hazelnut.  Another 7 or so minutes went by before she mentioned that she was about to make my coffee.  Mind you, I still hadn't placed my order.
I perused the menu and paused on a few choice offerings.  I finally was served my coffee, and settled on the Crispy Smoked Catfish Benedict.  This dish did not disappoint!  Crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, the catfish was cooked to perfection!  The smoky flavor was a bit strong but not overpowering.  I am accustomed to the yolk in a poached egg running free once the egg is broken.  The egg was cooked a few seconds too long.  There was enough Creole mustard hollandaise sauce to make up for the lacking yolk.
Overall, I was pleased with the experience.  I have a to-go menu to plan for my next visit and maybe even get a smoked turkey for the holiday.Went back here with a friend from out of town as I said I would in my previous review. This time I ordered some ribs. I got the quarter rack St. Louis style ribs. $9. I thought this was a good deal, because I got a salad, then the ribs came on a platter with a biscuit and a side (I got some potato salad). Definitely enough for me, and I eat. I will admit that I am the farthest thing away from being a BBQ connoisseur but I thought it was delicious. My friend Kyle ordered the Little Piggy and seemed to enjoy it very much.
Service is slow, and this normally would not have been an issue for me, but my friend had to be somewhere at a specific time, so we were rushed. So much so that I had to bring some of the food back to work and eat at my desk. Haha. Our server was very nice though and I still think I'd go back.Another reason to not go back to Fat Hen. Their establishment is disgusting and they are slobs. You can now read their health inspection report online at (http://inspections.eatsafe.la.gov). Type in Fat Hen Grocery and you can see how poor they scored. Their routine health inspection on 11/30/2012 turned up 25 violations. They were reinspected a week later and still had 21 violations. They were reinspected 12 days later and still had 15 violations. This is rediculous! Most kitchens show 3 or 4 violations on their routine inspection and zero when reinspected. Not following the guidelines set forth by the department of Health & Hospitals is a sign of laziness. 
I would not eat at Fat Hen if I were you.I REALLY wanted to like this place. I read all the reviews on Yelp but thought "It can't be that bad." The service is less than subpar, though God bless our waiter. He was trying, but from the first cup of coffee that was utterly filthy he never seemed to get it together. The food was OK. I had the chicken and waffles which I wanted to love. For 17 dollars, however, I was left wanting. It was like fried chicken tenders on a pretty standard hotel waffle. Not worth the it for one of the higher priced items on the menu. My wife had a 10 dollar waffle with some sparse berries on it, she wasn't floored either. All in all between the 4 and 1/2 of us the bill was 70 bucks, not bad but I don't think it was worth the money and I probably won't be going back.The owner would rather text her husband on her phone than help seat you at her mediocre-at-best restaurant.  Don't bother with this place when there are far better options, and their owners take pride in their product and service.Why do I continue to come back here? Why do I think things will be different?  Why is my neighborhood so desperate for a good breakfast place that we endure this?  I cannot come back.  The wait for the food is ridiculous.  The sloppiness is gross. And I'm writing this as I wait,  by the way.  Please just close.  Allow some other people who know service to come in.  Please just go bye bye.Went here for breakfast with my roommates. The food was absolutely delicious, don't get me wrong. Their biscuits are out of this world, and my omelette and grits were perfect.
I did feel that I was paying a bit too much for what I got. $18 (incl tip) for a small omelette, a small bowl of grits, a biscuit, and a coffee.
What made me knock off a star was the service. Our server was competent and perfectly nice, but he seemed nervous the whole time. Maybe he was new? I don't know, but it was like he was afraid of us or something. 
The one thing that kind of irritated me was that, at the end of our meal (the whole meal was $45 incl tax), we gave him $15 in cash and our two cards. My roommate told him to take the cash and split the rest on the cards. He interpreted this as we were giving him a $15 tip and to split the $45 on the cards. Yeah, no. We still tipped him 20%, of course, but even with my roommates confusing way of wording our request, why would you assume that we would give you a 33% tip?!
He was very apologetic and said that he could reverse the charge on the cards, but only offered this after I told him that he had charged us wrong and to please fix it. To add insult to injury, I checked my online bank statement and saw that I had been charged the wrong amount twice, with the right amount nowhere to be seen. Granted, both transactions are still pending so I'm hoping it will work itself out, but I have a feeling that he didn't actually know what he was doing and I'm going to have to call my bank to get my $45 back, instead of the $18 that I should have been charged. Meaning, if the right charge doesn't go through, Fat Hen will have lost money because of this mistake.
I don't know if I would run back to this place, but it was certainly a pleasant enough experience.We went over Thanksgiving weekend and were truly impressed.  We were told upfront that the food would take awhile to cook, but it really wasn't that long at all.
All 5 of us loved every dish that was brought out. Can't wait to come again!Visited my daughter at Tulane and she told me that everyone talks about how great this place is.  All I know is I'll never go again.
1.  Waited for 30 minutes (or maybe longer) outside for Sunday brunch.  They told us the wait would be 10 minutes.  We had already parked (which is almost impossible) and it was raining, so we just decided to wait it out.  
2.  Wait staff friendly but oh so clueless.  When she FINALLY brought our coffee, one of the cups had lipstick on it.  We should have left then.  
3.  Wait for food was terribly long.  Waitress couldn't get coffee, cream, and clean cups all at the same time.  Ugh.  One daughter ordered shrimp and grits.  They were pretty good and I sure wished I had ordered them when I saw my plate.  I ordered the Gulf Coast omelette.  Worst ever.  It was dry and flavorless,  and I could barely choke it down.  Had about 1 tablespoon of dry crab meat on it and some chopped tomato.  It cost $11.00 and was served all alone on a plate half the size of a dinner plate.   For $11.00!!   I should have sent it back but at this point I just wanted to get out of there.  My other daughter ordered a different omelette and it was so bland and tasteless I can't even remember what it was.  The waitress forgot the toast (of course) and then didn't bring the jelly until we had already eaten the toast.  
My bill was $50.00.  Ridiculous.  Any ex-con grill cook at any Waffle House in Georgia can make omelettes so much better than the stupid Fat Hen.  I wish they would close and someone good would rent this space.  .I gave them 2 stars because my waiter was very attentive and I liked the interior. However, the meal was forgettable.
The wait was long to be seated which was my choice, so I can not knock them for that, but the wait for our food was ridiculous. When we received our meal my eggs in my eggs Benedict were cold and the meal was unseasoned. I went to the restaurant despite the bad reviews, I discovered they were deserved. Save your money.The food is alright. I have gotten take-out from here a few times and have never been wholly disappointed. What bothers me is all of their food is so simple that it should be done near perfectly, but I have yet to have a perfect experience. The spinach I got as a side was watery and flavorless, and the parmesan  cheese that was in it was obviously of low quality as when it melted with the spinach it became rubbery and bland. The sandwiches I have had for take out (the veggie and the miss piggy) were good, but lacked any complexity of flavor.
DO NOT EAT THERE EVER. The service just makes the whole thing a complete drag. The waiters are rude, inattentive, and indifferent. They seem to have no system of operations at all.
I want this place to succeed, it is a great idea in a great location. They just have a lot of consistency and operations issues to work out.Went here last week with my boyfriend and aunt for lunch.
The location is convenient and the decor/inside is classy but casual. We were seated quickly and our waiter explained the menu, going on and on about how wonderfully homemade everything is. I'm stoked -- after all, I'm a New Orleans girl and homemade is my favorite kind of food.
Our waiter was a bit of a douche/pretentious. It took forever to get our drinks because he felt more inclined to brag to the hungover hipsters  behind us about his world travels. Our drinks arrived -- my coffee was lukewarm, but I shrugged it off. My boyfriend got the ~homemade~ orange juice (which was NEON orange (looked like they dumped a highlighter in water) and a water (which never came) and my aunt got the blueberry lemonade which seemed fine and a hot tea (the waiter gave her iced tea instead). 
We waited approximately 30-35 minutes for our food. No biggie. Good food takes a while to make, I assume. I ordered the Julietta (I think that's the name): turkey breast on wheat with coleslaw on it. I specified to the waiter to not put mayo on the sandwich and for the coleslaw to be on the side -- neither requests were honored. Whatever, our waiter cared more about the hipsters than us and I was starving. The turkey (home roasted or whatever) was dry but ok but the coleslaw was super greasy. I got a side salad which was supposed to come with tomatoes, cucumber, red onions and cheese. What I got was a bed of spring greens and ~homemade~ watery vinagrette dressing. Despite my hunger, I ate about 4 bites of the sandwich and maybe half of the salad. It was all just so unappetizing. 
My aunt and boyfriend got omelets which were alright but the portions seemed super small. Not a big deal for the price you pay! It was 52 bucks for something I could have gotten at Denny's for nearly half the price. Did I mention it took us 20 minutes (after we finished eating) to get the check?
There were also a bunch of gnats buzzing around us, which was annoying to swat away while trying to enjoy our meal. Maybe it was because we were sitting near the entrance, but still a nuisance.
Our waiter had the nerve to tell us, "I'll see you next time." Nope, I don't think we'll be coming back.Horrible customer service. I came for a Sunday brunch. It was crowded, and we were told the wait would be about 20 minutes. We waited and watched several groups of people who arrived after us get seated before us. After waiting 30 minutes and watching this happen a few times, I asked the manager what was going on. She said those groups were larger, and larger tables were more available. How a group of 4 walks in and gets to sit before a group of 2 that has been waiting 30 minutes is beyond me. 
So if you value your time, don't waste it here. If you want to wait for forever only to be ignored, this is the place for you.When I went it was a pulled pork kinda day for us, we started with the pulled pork nachos (special of the day) which were really good. Then had the pulled pork sandwich. Cooked perfectly. Service was OK at my table but I could tell from the surrounding tables that they were having a horrible time. One had four people at it and 2 got their meals and finished while the 2 remaining meals never showed up. Manger stepped in but it didnt seem like she helped the situation at all. Wait staff was kinda all over the place, maybe they need to hire a couple more to cover the busy weekends? I'll definitely grab take-out from here in the future but skip the dine-in experience. Oh yeah, and theres no bar.. I think you can BYOB if you want though.I read all the good and bad reviews. I also had the living social deal so was interested to see if the horror stories were true. After reading the fine print and discovering we had to make a reservation, for any time of the day, in order to use the deal I called and they let me come at noon on a Wednesday. We were seated in their cozy, fun dining room. We'd barely looked at the menu before our waiter came over and we said we needed more time. We ended up ordering chicken and dumplings and the junior breakfast. Both were smaller portions than expected but very tasty. The biscuits on the junior were definitely over done and crunchy. They only offer one type of jelly but don't mention that until asked. The lady seated next to us ordered a cheeseburger but was specifying how she wanted it dressed and the same waiter said he couldn't change or substitute anything. No changes to any menu items. I thought that was odd because their menu is large and has so many options. We had to ask about dessert as ended up going with a slice of chocolate cake. When it came time for the bill I mentioned my deal and he wasn't aware of it...why make a reservation stating that if the waiter doesn't even know?! So he brought the bill and forgot to charge us for the cake but we let him know. Instead on saying oh that's my mistake don't worry about it, he actually took our check back to add it. No wonder he did because it was a $9 piece of cake! And no it wasn't worth half that!! The food is pricey for what you get, my small dumplings were $16. 
I think they could have something really great and could be a go to neighborhood gem but are definitely lacking in service and trying to please skills. Oh and they don't serve alcohol but do allow you to BYOB but I didn't see if there's a corkage fee or not (I'm guessing there is based on everything else!).Looks like the location curse has been lifted--the place was almost full about 12:30 on a recent Saturday.  I was seated at the counter.   The staffing seemed adequate but my food took a long time, as it did for the folks sitting next to me. When my eggs Benedict finally came, they were hot but overcooked.  The hollandaise tasted good but was served sparingly.  The English muffin was nicely grilled.  The counter waiter appeared to have little to do other than take orders and refill glasses, since a runner brought the food from the kitchen. But the waiter never checked back with me after the food came, never refilled my iced tea, and the woman sitting next to me had to ask for a water refill.  She did rave about her burger.  I'll try it again since it's in my neighborhood and I'm always up for another breakfast place.  I hope the service kinks get worked out.  The few "groceries" in the back apparently stem from the zoning way back when it was Foodies--every restaurant in this space for the past several years has carried a few grocery items.Ordered cornbread, got a waffle. Ordered the catfish, got a fillet with extra thick crust. That must of been to keep the fillet together. Had to ask for tartar sauce after 10 minutes of being ignored. We were the only guests in the place. Wait staff and cook sat at the counter. Asked if I could get a smoked link like is on the menu in the BBQ section. Got two patties of sausage. It's no wonder the server wanted us to order breakfast at 4:30 PM or the BBQ.  "next time you come in you should get the BBQ". Hear this, there won't be a next time. The server knew we were disappointed but made no effort to set things right. The iced tea was fine.I realize that there have been mixed reviews on this place, but I had a good visit. Two coworkers and I went over here for lunch one day and we were seated almost immediately, received decent service, and enjoyed delicious food. My coworkers both got the pulled pork sandwich and I got the stuffed BBQ burger. They let you choose your side so I got some greens, which were pretty good. I like that this is close to where I live and I plan to hopefully take advantage of the grocery side of the business.
A friend is in town to visit the law school at Tulane and we can't go very far during my lunch break, so I'm thinking of taking him here today.This place needs new management. Plain and simple. 
The service is poor and gross.  I've been their two times and had to wait over 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge me once I was at a table.  This seems to be the trend I am seeing on yelp.  The last time an individual who was working behind the counter was juicing something (I believe carrots) and came around the counter to seat us.  His hands were covered (no exaggeration) in orange gooey pulp, he grabbed our white paper menus to seat us and sat us at a dirty table (smeared with jelly and crumbs) and placed our menus down, which were smeared with the orange material that was covering his hands.  Every part of the menu his fingers touched was orange.  Super, old sticky table, freshly sticky menus.
Then I had to wait 10 minutes until someone asked me for my drink.
Generally, I am very fair when it comes to the service industry, I've been a caterer, dish washer, hostess, and a waitress.  This place is not fine dining, however the service behavior I have experienced at this restaurant it pretty close to inexcusable.
The perks are the food is pretty good.  I tend to stick to their sandwiches and have been very pleased with them all.  However, it is a little over priced.  The inside/outside of the restaurant is nice and appealing.  I enjoy the over all style.  I really think this place just needs a manager and an overhaul on their customer service.I've been to The Fat Hen several times recently & I like it better every time I go. Breakfast & lunch menu are great. All of their produce is fresh & well prepared. I've been happy with everything I've tried especially the BBQ eggs benedict & the crawfish biscuit.  My one complaint is that the service, while very friendly, is always slow! They also never remember to refill my water or coffee, but the wait staff is typically so nice that it has never irritated me too badly. They are also very patient with children, which is always endearing to me!Been there two times. The place has a great atmosphere. The high ceilings and the murals with the meat of the animals give this place a nice vibe. 
However, I still feel weird paying 10+ for a sandwich that doesn't really have any "wow" factor to it. It just felt expensive. Oh and it was rather small (a big no no).
On the other hand, I did have breakfast the other day I went. And it was almost 9:00 pm. Anyone that gives me breakfast at dinner gets a lot of love from me. Was is good? Yes, it was, but then again, breakfast Is not that complicated and I am not that complicated when it comes to being happy with it. Just give me eggs.
This should result in a 3 star rating buuuuut they have something that gives them the extra star: BYOB.
Enjoy!All the meh reviews had me feeling a little dubious about this place, but my roommate and I went here for breakfast yesterday, and we adored it. The service was impeccable; our waiter was super sweet! The ambiance of the place is old school and modern and the names on the menu are super cute (WOMELETTE?!) My roommate ordered the TREE HUGGER BENNIE: 3 poached eggs, mushrooms, tomato, spinach on toasted English muffin, with hollandaise sauce, and I got the GULF COAST OMELET and added spinach: fresh local crabmeat, marinated smoked feta, tomato, fresh herbs. Mine was $10, my roomate's was $11, they also had some delectable-looking cakes; each slice was about 5 inches tall... I'll be back.The food was nothing special, and the service was extraordinarily slow.  The wait staff seemed to have cared less about our table.  We will not return.Got there and the menu looked awesome.  after waiting over 45 minutes with not many other people in the place, our waiter finally came over and took our order.  people next to us who came in after got served and finished before our food even came.  i got the womlette and when it came, i was underwhelmed at best.  i had tons of leftovers and did not even want to take them home.  skip this place.  must better places to go for brunch!! horrible horrible service!I'm actually really surprised about the poor reviews this place has received.  I've only had good experiences!
The people have always been friendly, I've never had to wait, and the barbecue is on point!  I like the babyback ribs with the collard greens and macaroni and cheese.  You really can't go wrong with the barbecue.  I've also had breakfast sitting at the bar, and people remembered me on my second visit.  
Give them a chance!As an avid admirer of anyone who spends time to make BBQ, especially in a place like Uptown I had been supremely excited about this restaurant from the moment I saw construction begin.  The only thing making this style of restaurant better was living on the same block.  Early on I was dazzled by the decor and tasty food.  The quality was quite high and there seemed to be a lot of care put into the food and presentation.  I must admit that I find the moniker "Shane-made" (versus house-made, etc.) to be slightly pretentious, though I really liked the sentiment that items were scratch-made.  
Attributable to higher-than-humble pricing, our visits have waned over time, though it's been a place where we'll regularly eat when we need a close restaurant and want something nicer.  Last night was one such occasion.  I must admit I feel badly for not previously writing a positive review for our various earlier visits, but I don't regularly contribute-- just for the exceptional visit (be it positive or negative).  Unfortunately, last night was quite a memorably bad visit.  
While pressed for getting food as the hour was later, and we were still working we ordered some food to pick up around the block.  The wait staff managed to put us on hold for an unreasonable amount of time (greater than 5 minutes) before having we had to call back to place an order.  As we ordered they seemed confused about the availability of a sandwich and had to trade off to another server.  This isn't a huge problem, though speaks of the lack of service that others have commented on.  The food was the real issue.
My sandwich was placed not only on stale, but badly charred bread with cold meat.  The cole slaw and potato salad sides must have been the last of a batch with the cole slaw being nearly rancid (and completely inedible) and the potato salad (very tasty) but comprised of more sauce than potatoes.  
With all his accolades, I find it hard to believe the quality control over these "Shane-made" offerings.  A nearly $30 sandwich dinner was really an insult to receive-- especially coming from a friendly neighborhood establishment.  This is a real shame as previously I was proud to bring friends and visitors there for a nice meal.  
***As a side note, should the owners ever read this, us neighbors would very much appreciate if they could help patrol patrons who illegally park in front.  This blocks our viewing when trying to leave and has caused several near-miss accidents.Finally went to this neighborhood spot, eyes dilated from an optometrist visit, after driving by about a million times in the past.
First off, I'm so glad a decent restaurant finally landed in this seemingly cursed building.  It seems like Fat Hen Grocery is the kind to stick around for a long time.
The atmosphere is cozy and inviting with comfortable chairs and tables and good music played at reasonable volume; you'll see paintings of animal cuts on the wall, but this should only offend you if you don't like to think about where the things you eat come from.
I had a burger stuffed with onion, cheese, and barbecue sauce and topped with bacon.  I know it sounds like some sort of GEN-X EXXXXTREME BURGER, but it was actually quite delicious; good crust on the patty (it tasted grilled rather than griddled as is the fashion these days), a substantial bun that didn't crumble or turn to mush, and a cute little pickle on the spear.  Based on my burger and fries, I'll definitely be back for more.
My server was odd.  I felt like I was sort of missing out, because all the other servers seemed nice.  This gal was more of an android or a body snatcher.  Friendly enough, just something a little off.
My only gripe - and it's a reach - was that it took a bit too long to get my food after the order.  Again, though, this should only offend you if you don't like to think about where the things you eat come from.My friends and I were excited about the opening of Fat Hen Grocery given its proximity to our apartment complex. We were looking forward to enjoying a great brunch or a delicious dinner served right across the street. What an incredible disappointment. And not only was our dining experience disappointing, we left the restaurant feeling annoyed and angry. Our dining misadventure happened during Sunday brunch. After waiting 40 minutes for our food, we politely asked the co-owner and executive chef's wife, Juliet Pritchett to check on the progress of our meal. She was rude, unapologetic, and reacted as if it was our table's fault for choosing to dine at such a busy time. It was very obvious that she was treating the rest of the diners this way as well. After a 55 minute wait for eggs and toast, our food was barely warm. The food tasted mediocre at best, and it was wildy overpriced. (Note: The biscuits at Commander's Palace are less expensive than the biscuits at Fat Hen.) The server was unapologetic when I informed him my breakfast was cold. My eggs were returned to me after 15 mins and they were only slightly warmer than they were the first time.
I could go on and on about all of the negative things that happened during our meal at Fat Hen on St. Charles. But in short... The food was average, at best. And the service, particularly that of Juliet Pritchett, was so bad it was shocking. Had my meal not cost $19 (omelet and juice), our overall Fat Hen Grocery experience was so terrible it would have been hilarious. WIll never, ever dine their again.I have no words for this establishment besides good riddens. I recommended this place to my boss. We went in, ordered the salad and an entree - turkey chilli. The server was not well prepared, in fact he was new. I am not opposed to being served by a newby, but get the proper training.  I really don't blame him, I blame management. Anywhooo, back to my story. He brought gumbo to the table..HELLO, I love gumbo but was not planning on sticking my spoon in any during this lunch. To add insult to injury, the gumbo was loaded with meat. I don't eat all kinds of meat. I was mortified. I panicked at gagged.Totally embarrassed. The 'new' waiter states that he just started this job and apologized. I asked for the manager. She came, wet her whistle and left. I don't remember what she said besides we will comp you. All in all, my experience was not pleasant. I really like the parking but the food makes me extremely nervous. Hence, I would not recommend Fat Hen for anything more than convenience. The service is horrible.Food was burnt and incorrect. I ordered the all American with bacon. They insisted to put burnt bacon In my eggs. Very inconsistent chef.What a disaster! My second visit to Fat Hen was the nail in the coffin. Wish I would have read the reviews here before I recommended this place to my girlfriend's parents as a place for us to all go to brunch. Our waitress started with a lot of attitude but we kept calm and quiet. After a lengthy wait for our food it finally arrived all wrapped up to-go! Obviously we did not order our food To-go so it was brought back to the kitchen only to be plated and served to us cold. The server blamed the computer. No one else from the staff (food runner, management) gave an explanation. I don't even think there was a manager on site. We asked that our cold food be at least microwaved. The waitress said they remade our food which I believe but my eggs Benedict came back missing an egg and this time without tomatoes. No discounts or comped items on the bill. Only sorries from the over worked waitress. Overall a really poor experience. It's almost comical how accurate the bad reviews are of this place. If you can't take the heat Fat Hen, then get out the kitchen. We'll be going to the Ruby Slipper from now on.Awesome barbecue. We got the platter to split. Originally ordered half chicken, ribs, and brisket. They didn't have any chicken ready, so we got pulled pork instead. That was the only disappointment. Got collard greens and cheddar bacon mashed potatoes as sides. The potatoes were phenomenal. The meat was all cooked very well, with just enough seasoning and sauce. We also got the breakfast biscuits to go with the meal, and they were a tremendous complement to the meat. All in all, we left full and very satisfied. $41 after tax and tipWent to Fat Hen for lunch yesterday. It was...ok. My co-worker and I both ordered. It took almost a half an hour to get our food. I had a salad, well, seafood salad. It was called the Louisiana Shellfish Louie. It was half an avocado sliced, 3 pieces of asparagus, 3 cherry tomatoes, and a spoonful of crawfish, shrimp, and crab, and two deviled eggs. The veggies were quite good, however, the "shellfish salad" left a little bit to be desired. The shrimp were under cooked, as in still grey in some parts. And there were way too many shells. One or two pieces is ok and excusable. I had at least 6 or 7. The deviled eggs were extremely dry. I could only eat half of one. All this and they charged $16 for it!!! $16!!!
My co-worker had the BBQ Stuffed Burger. She said it was very good, although it was more a patty melt than a BBQ stuffed burger. There was about a tablespoon of BBQ sauce on the bun. But she said the mashed potatoes were fantastic. Hers was $14!!!
I would go there again and get something that wasn't seafood. It is a little on the pricey side, but worth another go.We were excited to try this location, as we are fans of the Fat Hen in Harahan.  The decor is nice and the service was good,  We went for breakfast and I had the Southern Q, which is the pulled pork on cornbread topped with poached eggs and hollandaise.  The pork is crisp on the outside, tender inside and the eggs perfectly cooked.  David had the brioche french toast and enjoyed it very much.  I took off 2 stars because the side of cheese grits I ordered was cold and despite a strange orange color, had no taste of cheese.  We also ordered sides of Berkshire bacon (delicious) and Shane-made sausage patties which came undercooked and too salty.
We were a little disappointed that the menu didn't include the fantastic andouille hash that they had on the menu at the Fat Hen when it was on Veterans Blvd.  (It's not on the menu at the Harahan location either.)
The tiny "grocery" in the back was laughable with $10 jars of blueberry jam and $5 jars of Tabasco steak sauce.
I also thought $48 for 2 for breakfast was overpriced.  We will probably try it again, but it will not be in our regular rotation of breakfast places.Still have not heard back, but did find this interesting.
http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2011/07/uptown_interior_designer_cops.html
"Former customers said Pritchett was at first very friendly. Charmed by her demeanor and impressed with her taste, they entrusted her with thousands of dollars. Her husband, Shane Pritchett, has also been named in several of the civil actions."
According to the Times Picayune they sound like dishonest people.I see lots of bad reviews, but I had a good lunch experience here. Our party of 3 was seated immediately when we entered. We had an attentive and knowledgeable waiter. I was happy to see that they serve breakfast all day. I had the breakfast fried rice. The serving size was generous, and I loved the rice (similar to " dirty rice"). And the accompanying biscuit was yum. A lady whom I assume was an owner approached us on our way out to ask how our meal was. This was my first visit, and I will probably try it again.The Fat Hen Grocery is an uptown restaurant/grocery/bbq joint on St. Charles Avenue here in New Orleans right on the trolley line down from Tulane and Loyola University.   My family and I have been to this restaurant on three occasions and three strikes they are out of our family line up of places to eat in New Orleans!  We will never return.
My first experience with this restaurant was ok.  We went for breakfast since it's in our neighborhood.    I didn't find the hostess to be very friendly or helpful for that matter.  We ordered breakfast, and the waitress continually forgot to bring us items the items we had ordered.  She continued making excuses...but hey, as a customer, do you want to hear excuses?  No...that was frustrating.  We thought the food was okay, but since it is in our neighborhood, we thought we'd try it again as we want to support local!  Hence our second experience...WOW!  My daughter and I sat down and ordered our meal at 9:00am, at 9:15am I ask the waitress if she was going to bring my coffee and our hot chocolate...she finally served it, so I'm with a 7 year old...at 9:30am, I ask the waitress if she was going to at least bring my daughters biscuits that we had ask to be served, bc she was hungry...she went and got the biscuits. They were cold.  At 10:50a I ask the waitress how much longer my eggs, bacon, potatoes & her pancakes would be ready...she said, the kitchen is behind and it will be about 10 more minutes...WHAT???  So an hour later we get our food, NOT...I ask the waitress to bring me my check.  She charged us for the coffee and hot chocolate, which she should not have done.  I paid, but wrote on the check my experience and ask that a Manager call me.  When no one called by late afternoon, I called and literally left 3 messages for the manager or owner to call me...to this date no one has ever called!
Now regarding my latest experience.    My in-laws were in town and my mother in law, against my wishes, wanted to go eat at The Fat Hen Grocery, b/c she thought the Hen outside the restaurant was cute!  Whatever!  So we go in around 9:15a on a Saturday.  There are not a lot of people in the restaurant, maybe b/c of the rain, who knows.  So we order, guess what the same experience as our 2nd experience...poor service and VERY cold food.  I sent my daughter's hot chocolate back 2 times and my coffee was cold and old tasting and so was my mother in laws.  I asked for fresh brewed coffee to be brought to me...not something that had been made earlier that morning.  Then I ordered the Fried Green tomatoes to go with my breakfast, our usual orders etc...ALL THE FOOD WAS COLD, the fried green tomatoes were soaked in what seemed to be alum, breaded and then fried.  YUCK!!!! Not only that all our food was given to us cold.  When I complained, the waitress said she didn't understand b/c it had been sitting in the warmer.  I ask her to touch the food, she felt it was cold.  I ask her to bring us fresh food and that we would patiently wait....she did, 15 minutes later, it was cold.  We complained and wanted to see a manager....no manager in site.  When we paid, my mother in law wrote a note asking the manager to call...this did not happen AGAIN!  
My overall rating for this restaurant. Including service, food and attitude..."F".   If they continue down this path, they will not have a business for long!  We will never be back and I will make sure that everyone knows about my experiences.So I had dined at the Fat Hen Diner on Veterans in Kenner before they closed and the food was great, basically upscale diner food. I was hopin that the Fat Hen Grocery would be the breakfast/BBQ equivalant. Sadly it was not.
We got there early on a cold Saturday morning and the restaurant was so cold that I had to keep my jacket, and gloves on through the entire meal, but the atmosphere was nice and the lovely smell of bbq was fantastic. 
The service was fine, but nothing special. I ordered coffee and the crab and marainated feta omelet. It came with home fries and a biscuit. The food came out before the coffee, which was a huge problem for me because I am addicted to my morining cup. The waitress explained that something was wrong with the coffee maker and it would be out shortly. When  I looked inside my omelet, I saw that it was stuffed with crab but no feta...and it was cold. My potatoes were cold too but the biscuit was warm and delicious.
My boyfriend got the armstrong, which was a waffle with fried chicken on the top and eggs ont he side. It was $17 quite pricy! It was a small waffle cut into 4 with a peice of fried chicken on the top. It was supposed to have poached eggs on top, but he opted for scrambled eggs on the side. His waffle was fluffy and nice but the eggs were cold and the price was quite high. We were both able to finish our entire meals, and I almost always take home leftovers. The total bill was around 40 dollars. Not bad for a 5star breakfast, but not good fo a 2 star one.
All in all, we will give Fat Hen another try, but if they don't knock our sox off , we will dine at some of our favorites that do.Had hoped that service would improve with them operating only one restaurant.  They still haven't figured out how to keep and train good wait staff.  As one person reported all the "shanemade" on the menu become annoying.  Is quite pricey for the portions and quality of the items.  How difficult can it be to serve"hot eggs", grits, biscuit and coffee.  This was accomplished when they had the old diner in Harahan, but since they've tried to become more "updown" it rarely happens.  The hostess will seat larger parties over smaller parties, and don't go if you are a single, they don't want you to have a table at all.  Really wish Shane and his wife would take heed to some of the comments on the different review sites.  But it seems that they have blinders on as to how to run a restaurant....The owners just get very rude with any customer that has a legitimate complaint.  Unless some corrects are made this one is doomed to fail.The food was really tasty but the service could really use some help. We were there at 7:30am and with only one other table it took 15 minutes for our drinks but I know this place just opened and there are growing pain with new restaurants. I'll more than likely go back again for dinner.Well...my original Fat Hen review was "removed" due to the fact that I referenced the owner's wife past and included a link to a third party report of the story. Being that such disclaimers are against the "rules" - what you got now is a watered down version of my original review... so here goes:
If you got a month of Sundays to wait around for a let's be honest - plate of delicious food - Fat Hen is your to go spot. I've never been disappointed with the quality or taste of each wonderful helping. However, like one reviewer so eloquently said "Fat Hen I want to love you." Alas, I cannot. This place can be packed or as empty as Ann Coulter's head and you will....Wait...and Wait...and Wait...and Wait...and Wait 5 moons or so before you get your food. I sure didn't have time to wait 30-45 minutes for my food when I frequented this place as a student. Moreover, this place isn't absorbent in terms of prices but certainly not cheap - average ticket for one person with tip seems to be about $20 bucks. I for one don't enjoy paying that much for lunch at someplace where "fine" can not be used to described the dining. If you like criminally good food at non recession prices - by all means Fat Hen fits the bill (a twenty dollar bill that is...). .........and you will wait.....and wait....and wait....and wait.....and wait....wait...w....a.....i...t......w.....a.....i....t..............................I love this place for it's breakfast.  Too be honest I've never had anything from the lunch menu.  I love all of the omelets, the biscuit basket with fresh jams is excellent (I like when they put both types of biscuits best) and the bacon appetizer is amazing!   I try not to go on the weekends because it's super busy but what good brunch joint isn't.  That just means is good!Turkey burger was pretty bad. I brought it home to my dog...kind of bad. Good news, my dog loved it. This place is so convenient to my house that I may try something else eventually. Can't recommend it based on first visit though.I wish I could give this place NO stars.  We will NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN.    The first time we ate here the food was decent but the staff was terrible.  Today I gave it another try hoping they had replaced or trained the wait staff.  No such luck.  The staff was plentiful but none of them were working.  They all were just standing around, with the exception of our waitress who completely disappeared after taking our order, returning only to bring me the outrageously expensive bill.  Brunch for 2 children (1 very small pancake and 1 almost raw slice of bacon, burnt chicken tenders and limp french fries and 2 chocolate milks) and a house salad and water was almost $50.  I had boiled shrimp on the house salad that were so overcooked, the kitchen could not get all of the shell off.  They did not hesitate to send them out anyway.  The lettuce was rotting and slimy.  Another member of the wait staff stopped by my table to see how everything was and I told him that my salad was terrible, the bacon was raw, and the chicken was burnt.  He said OK and left the table.  I assumed he was getting the manager or my waitress.  The waitress returned to my table 30 minutes later with the bill - and everything on it.  No one offered to fix the mistakes or take it off the bill.  I never did ee a manager.  When I told my waitress about the problems, her response was "sorry."  
Also, if you choose to go here, go to the bathroom before you get there.  The bathroom is FILTHY.  
Save your money and your time.  Go somewhere else.We were so excited to go here, the outside is so eye-catching and the inside is nice and quaint.  As we entered, we were greeted by a hostess and we asked to be seated at the bar.  She sat us right in front of a chocolate cake that she said she had been craving all day.  I was excited...until I looked closer and saw a bunch of fruit flies flying around the cake display.  Pretty gross.  Then we looked even closer and saw that dozens of them had gotten inside the cake display and were climbing all over the cake. We also noticed one of the strawberries on the cake was covered in mold.  Needless to say, we asked to be moved.  After ordering our food, my boyfriend got up to go to the bathroom, but it was occupied (there was only 1 bathroom) and apparently it had been occupied for a while.  We mentioned that there were several people waiting to access the bathroom and our server told us that a woman went in there quite some time before and that she must have been having issues in there.  Gross.  We were suggesting that maybe the bathroom was locked or broken, but we did not need to know about the details.  About 10 minutes later, the bathroom occupant came out and the manager said he would make sure everything was OK.  Upon returning, he shared with us (while we were eating our meal) that the bathroom was quite dirty and that there were flies and other things in the toilet and that he didn't do anything about it.  My boyfriend had to politely ask him to end the conversation.  What kind of manager shares bathroom stories with the clients WHILE they are eating?  It was completely disgusting and inexcusable.   We paid the bill and left and about 30 minutes later, both my boyfriend and I were sick to our stomachs from the food.  I will NOT be going back here.  If their cake display was full of flies, I hate to think what the kitchen looks like.  Don't waste your time here, there are plenty of other great restaurants in the area.I went there on a Sunday afternoon, about 3:00pm, and it was nearly empty. The wait staff was nice, but a bit amateur. They were sufficient for me, but I could see it being a problem on a busy day. 
I ordered a brunch that consisted of eggs, grits, bread, bacon, and fresh-squeezed Orange Juice. It was tasty, and while the portions looked small, I was full by the end. The total bill for 2 was $36. I would say the place is expensive for what it is, but the food was good. 
I upgraded the bacon to "Shane Made." I could not tell the difference between it and ordinary bacon from other restaurants, so I would NOT recommend bothering with it. Not worth the money.food was decent, but the attitude of the establishement sucks!  yesterday I called in regards to my mom's sunglasses (we happened to leave them there by accident and had called several times to talk to someone in a 72 hour period ) and the manager hung up on me.  Totally unprofessional.  Do your self a favor and go somewhere will you will be respected and appreciated.Like a few others have said, I really want to like this place but just can't. To start, I really adore the atmosphere. It's a beautiful uptown location with a French countryside vibe, and I love the murals and how there's always a little fresh-cut flower in a jar on the table. 
I've been there three times, though, and none of those times has been particularly good. The first time I ordered the shellfish salad and my friend ordered the crab cake sandwich. My friend's crab cakes were delicious, but my "salad" was $17 and more of a seafood and pickled veggie antipasto plate on a single piece of lettuce. It was okay, but not what I thought I was ordering, and the crab was undercooked and the shrimp overcooked. The second time was a weekend brunch and everything was fine. The third time was horrendous. I ordered a latte, which arrived cold, and I actually had to send my food back (which I have only done once before in my life). I ordered a crab omelette, and there was something very wrong with the crab. It looked raw to me and had a very strong fishy taste. I tried another half bite of it, and then my friend across the table noticed a "rotten" smell. I pretty much order crabmeat omelettes everywhere I go and have never had this problem before.
The service was okay, but I won't be coming back here.I really wanted to like this place, as it's in walking distance of my house and I want something to succeed in that black hole of a location. However, the fact that it took 10 minutes for me to even order a coffee (the waiter manning the counter was too busy chatting up the sorority girls sitting next to me) and that the omelet was tepid prevent me from rating it with more than a Meh.All menu items are overpriced for a casual neighborhood restaurant.  It makes no sense to pay $14 for French toast!I had the Tree Hugger Benedict with a side of sausage.. Dang good. This is the place to go for a lazy Sunday breakfast, then a small walk in the park with the wife..My hubby and I visited Fat Hen for dinner.  He had the burger and mac and cheese; I ordered the Julietta and potato salad.  The burger and Julietta were good, however both of the sides were not.  We both decided we would order the main dish again but not the side dishes, especially the potato salad.  Having had an ok meal, we decided to return for breakfast later in the week.  I figured breakfast might be better than the dinner items since they serve it all day.  I was half right.  I ordered the Skinny Hen Omelet with a biscuit and cheese grits.  All of this was great; it was one of the best breakfasts I have had in town, and I've been to most of the good spots.  However, my husband ordered a pancake and could not eat it.  He hated it.  It was as big as a medium sized pizza, so maybe they should focus more on taste than size with this one.  He did say the bacon was really good.  I don't think I would return for dinner.  I'd go back for breakfast but only when I have some extra money to blow; it is rather pricey.  As for the service that most have mentioned is not good, we were not impressed nor irritated.  The food was very slow to come out on both visits, and refills were slow, but they weren't terrible or rude.  There were only a couple of other tables filled both times were were there however, so it might be a lot worse if the place is actually busy.The food is really good. The service sucks. Long wait for tables and for food. Wait staff is not on top of the flow of customers, and you can tell they are not motivated. It's a bummer but let's hope they get the swing of things eventually.Been here twice in past week after driving past in all the time. Pulled pork sandwich the first time was good, but the barnyard burger (takeout too) the second time was awesome. Competes with Company Burger for my favorite in the city.
Small edit- it is kind of pricey for what it's worth. $15 for both of my sandwiches after tax and tip...feels overpriced by a few dollars. Regardless, the food is  very tasty.