The loaded fries were delicious. The southern style chicken sandwich was a disappointment. I ordered via a delivery service and by the time I received it, the slaw had turned the bottom half of the bun to complete mush. It seemed like much of the flavor is in the slaw and the pickles, so it basically ruined the sandwich. The 4 cheese mac was good. If you order delivery ask for the slaw on the side so you don't waste $10.Less than one star. They answered their phone and left us on hold for over 20 minutes, forgetting about us. We hung up and are taking our order elsewhere.This place is a bit hidden, as I thought google maps took me to the wrong spot. It's actually inside the 700 club in the back.  They have there own little section for customers and places to sit. 
On to the food, one word; amazing!! We ordered a chicken burger and a reg burger as well as loaded fries and the pb&j wings. The burgers were huge and juicy, but I'd have the say the chicken sandwich takes the cake between these two. Idk if it's the mayo they use (some homemade thing) or the seasoning on the fried piece of chicken, but it was flavor packed and delicious. 
The loaded fries was, well, loaded fries. It was good but what loaded fries aren't good. 
Now the wings were interesting. The first bite is not great but the more bites you take the more it taste ok. Yes, it does taste like pb&j and yea, I'd recommend you try them BUT only if you are with 3 or 4 people and can split them. They give you 6-8 wings and for one person it is entirely to much because of the whole pb&j thing. I'm not going to say that I will get them again, but I am glad that I did try them.I love everything this place has Mac & cheese to the burgers & fries ... good atmosphere and friendly peopleGot delivery, order was correct and fast. Friendliest delivery person, too. Provided me with everything I needed for a hotel room picnic. Food is heavy and portions are more than generous so keep in mind when ordering. The southern chicken sandwich and those pulled pork fries are a must try. Would eat here again.Faubourg Bistro is quite literally a "hole in the wall", and those kind of places are usually the best kind! Faubourg is located in the back of the 700 Club Bar in New Orleans. I've been here twice and got the Southern Chicken Sandwich and Thai PBJ Wings, both of which blew me away. The workers are kind, and the food is amazing. It's now a must stop every time I come to the city. The menu is small but they know what they're doing, definitely stop in.
Note: you must be 21 to enter so this isn't for families with young kids or teensIt's a little kitchen window with a small 4 table bistro attached to the 700 Bar.
From the street the kitchen door is open so you can look in and see a tidy restaurant kitchen that always seemed calm and put together.
We ordered 3 food items that took about 20 minutes to prepare. Our first choice was the loaded fries but the last day of a busy festival weekend took it's toll on the French fry inventory. We settled on some wings, nachos, and a pulled pork sandwich, that was served with tortilla chips as a substitute for fries.
Smaller portions, but less can be more sometimes, this time it was just less. Everything was tasty and I might eat here again, but it's a tad expensive for the portions and service (considering order at the door and paper boats).
I really think they try hard and have a crew that cares and I liked that the best.Fun atmosphere and great bar food. 
Literally something for everyone. If you like good comfort food with a unique twist go for their mac & cheese skillet, onion rings or PBJ wings. All were excellent. 
The staff is friendly and the music will make you want to get up and dance.Split the fried Mac n cheese, and chicken tenders. Anything deep fried in Panko is good, but the mac bites weren't really a hit. Really heavy and just kind of meh. The chicken tenders were very good, the honey mustard was a little overpowering, so we tried ranch, more like a dill sauce. Just eat them plain! The star of the meal was the fries! (Really) if we go again I'm not going to mess with anything else. The servers were super friendly, not a lot of chicks in the bar though.Cute bistro located in the back of the 700 club. It has a separate space from the bar, if you want a quieter experience, or you can eat in the bar proper. The wings are great. They're a not breaded (hard to come by around these parts), traditional chicken wing, featuring buffalo, bbq, pepper jelly, pb&j, and/or teriyaki sauce. They also have to die for onion rings and a superb catfish plate.
They keep a weekly vegan/vegetarian slider on the menu, if that's your thing. We eat here quite often due to the lack of well made, inexpensive, casual food in the Quarter. The 700 is, also, a lovely establishment.OH MY GOSH! Best catfish sandwich I have ever had and I've had my share! Wow! Small window with very nice people taking your order. Highly recommended!
This "window" restaurant is in the back of the 700 Club. Go!This place is no joke. It is legit delicious american foods. Located in the 700 lounge this bistro surpassed my expectations by a mile.  The mac and cheese bites were fried to golden perfection and topped with parmesan with a marinara type sauce.  The chicken sandwich was delicious too.  The piggyback fries were something else. It was like a crawfish tray worth of fries.  They were still crispy even with all the toppings. The pizza mac was mac and cheese at its finest.  Brussel sprouts with bacon were a necessity to get our greens for the night. I will have to come back to try the cauliflower sandwich for sure. I highly recommend!The food here is soooo good! It's a nice change from the creole cooking after being in New Orleans a few days. The BBQ pulled pork sandwich was on a pretzel bun and to die for!Food is definitely above the average for the area, not a typical tourist spot. If it were not at the back of a bar, it would be another star perhaps. Had the beef sandwich and it was excellent, like a pot roast sliced and a sauce of mild horseradish. Mac and cheese bites and the sauces seem homemade, like everything except the bread/rolls. I would recommend for a quick, casual bite. You can take drinks from the bar in the same building if you want alcohol.Really hard to find and then once you find it, it is unclear where you're supposed to order. One gentleman was very helpful, the rest of the staff was very arrogant. I did enjoy the fried mac and cheese and the fries. The hamburger was huge and the best part was the pickles.Had the buffalo wings, bacon mac and cheese and the pulled pork fries. 
Buffalo wings were egh...bacon mac and cheese was great. Pulled pork fries were great till we found a hair in the food.MUST EAT HERE!!!
Oh my gosh this was amazing. The burger was cooked perfectly and had so much flavor. We also got the loaded fries which were spread out to ensure every fry had all the best toppings. 
This is inside a bar so it can be a bit tricky to find because the sign out front says 700 or something but just head in and go to the window at the back. Food comes out fast and is great.An interesting find, no doubt. Gay bar in front, delicious food in the back. Par for the course, I suppose, while in New Orleans...but it took me a moment to get used to burgers and blasting Britney Spears and backstreet boys. 
I did get used to it, though. And thoroughly enjoyed myself once I did. Order at the window in the back, and your food comes out fresh made in a few minutes. My wife and I were on a mission to try as many different hurricanes as we could on the day we visited. I have to admit that while the bartender was very nice, flavor -wise  it was the worst hurricane we had in the day. Luckily the food more than made up for it.
We started with Mac and cheese bites, and then my wife had a burger and I had a buffalo chicken sandwich. Everything was clearly made with top ingredients and with care. 
Truly a wonderful find, and very inexpensive for the quality provided.It's a nice bar/bistro off the beaten path of Bourbon Street. The food was good and so was the service. More like a fast food place, where you go up to window and order and the food is brought out to you. I would go back for a quick meal. One thing that I didn't care for was the dog who came in with its owners and sat on a bar stool with its paws on the bar. :/Delivery service was quick and efficient, they delivered to the hotel in a jiffy. The food was great, including the max n cheese balls. Burger is alright 4/5... But for delivery top notch.The best meal we had in New Orleans!  We shared the Piggyback Fries and the Pizza Mac & Cheese Skillet.  Perfection!Delicious and affordable. We got the pig fries, burger, chicken sand and mac n cheese all were to die for.The reviews are right! It's a little hard to find because is shares the space with a bar. Try mac and cheese skillet it is delicious.This quickly became my favorite go to burger place in New Orleans. Unusual burgers with incredible portions!The pictures speak for themselves very friendly crowd at the 700 club will definitely go back again and again!I seriously love this place. Today I had the fish and chips. Oh boy it was a lot of food, Fresh and delicious. 
I've been wanting to try the Mac and cheese bites but thankfully we didn't order cause it's a huge portion. There were a couple of guys at the other table that asked us if we wanted some. Of course we said yes especially after they said they didn't handle the ones they offered us. Sooooo good. 
Hubby got the burger again and although we forgot to ask for cheese and he still loved it. So happy with this place. Only wish it was a bigger space.The food here is uh-mazing! We had attempted to eat here once before but there was no place to sit as it was prime time for the bar. When you first enter, you don't think there's a kitchen or nonetheless a "restaurant", but you have to walk all the way to the back. We ordered the macaroni bites--they are perfectly fried macaroni and cheese cubes. You must have these! For our entrees, we ordered the fish sandwich and the chicken sandwich. The fish sandwich comes with cole slaw and some type of sauce, which makes the sandwich unique and delicious! We will definitely be back on our next visit to the Big Easy!This place was so good! The food was absolutely delicious! We got the Mac and Cheese, Pizza Mac and Cheese and a cheeseburger - all which were phenomenal! The place is a little difficult to find (it's in the back of the 700 Club). The food was a little pricy but still good! The staff was also working very hard working! The menu isn't the most extravagant but again the food that they have was great!!Ordered fish and chips. Probably the worst I've ever had. Be careful or you'll break your teeth trying to bite thorough the batter. No, really. Be careful.What just happened!?! Omg!!! 
Best burger I've had in a LONG time!!!  The place is located in the back of the bar. I almost walked out because it worried me when I saw the place. Don't let the small kitchen and place fool you. The food was freakin delicious. If you like onion rings at all make sure you get them. 
So glad we took a risk on this place. Pretzel bun was yummy. Burger meat even better.Wow is all I can say my catfish sandwich was so good!! My husband got the southern chicken sandwich which he loved.  The french fries and onion rings were seasoned very well and FYI the larger is plenty to share I was sad to have to throw some away.  We went for lunch so it was not to busy, we have already said this is a place we will go EVERYTIME we go to New Orleans.  Staff was very nice the food did take a little while to come but worth the wait it is all made to order which was fine by me.At 1:30 am was starving one of the few places open. Had chicken burger very delicious, tasty, and juicy. Didn't except for it to taste good but fortunately it tasted great. I really enjoyed the chicken burger.One of the best fried chicken sandwiches I've had. PB&J wings are good if you like peanut butter. Pork fries are delicious and can be shared with 5+ people. My husband says it's definitely one of the best burgers he's had in New Orleans.Stopped in for lunch based on others' Yelp reviews. I like that you walk to the back room and order from the kitchen window. As others mentioned the kitchen appears very clean and the staff very polite and helpful.
We ordered the fried macaroni and cheese, the fried catfish sandwich, and the fried chicken sandwich. The fried macaroni and cheese was excellent. The breading was crisp and the inside was filled with comforting mac & cheese that has a slight hint of spiciness to it. The catfish sandwich was cooked to perfection and the combination of ingredients mixed perfectly with each other. I'll say the exact same thing for the chicken sandwich. One thing we noticed was the meal didn't seem super "heavy" for all of it being fried food. I'll return here on our next trip to New Orleans. I highly recommend checking it out for yourself!
Update: we put the leftover fried mac & cheese bites in the toaster oven this morning and they were just as good as they were fresh.What a good find! We walked from our hotel and the 700 Bar was easy enough to find. I ordered a roasted beef and cheddar and my husband got the catfish sandfish. They were both Great! The onion rings were delicious as well. It was very crowded and hot but definitely worth the wait!Would have loved to eat here, but after sitting at a table for 30 minutes without ANYONE speaking to us... we gave up. #disappointedcustomersFood was delicious and fast delivery in the French Quarter! Mac & Cheese bites were amazing!!Great simple food! Very friendly and courteous staff. You could clearly tell that they put care into their food. I would give 5 stars if it weren't for the price, which is honestly not that bad. 
It was definitely mine and my girlfriend's go-to spot when we would visit the french quarter and want a quick bite.Really disappointed in this place. I was greatly looking forward to trying their red beans & rice veggie burger, and was let down by both the food and the service.
I dropped in on Halloween for some take-out. The place was packed and super loud, and I wanted to eat somewhere I could hear myself think. When I get up to the window, the guy makes me wait quite a while to order. Then I wait even longer for my food to arrive. Weird since there's only one other table of diners; most people are just drinking, because it's in a bar after all. 
When at last my burger arrives, in a brown bag toted by a young girl with a decidedly sullen attitude, it is smaller than expected and there's no sauce on it. None. Who the hell wants a burger, veggie or otherwise, with no flippin' mayo? Particularly when the menu proudly states that is comes dressed with tabasco aioli. 
"There's no sauce on this," I say. 
"Did you want some?" asks the girl, as though baffled by such a request. Then she takes the bag into the kitchen and returns it moments later without a word.
I check the sauce levels; there is one dab, the size of a damn nickle. Are you kidding me? I didn't bother to ask for more. My companions were itching to leave, and I had some mustard and mayo packets back at my room. 
The burger tasted as tragic as it looked, too. The patty was dense as clay with very little flavor, and there weren't enough pickles or lettuce to jazz up the texture. The whole thing was very meh and it kind of bummed me out.
On a side note, the bathrooms at Faubourg were reprehensibly filthy, and the doors didn't lock properly.Solid pub food spot,  great for lunch if you ate in the area. The Mac skillet is more than a meal for two and the burgers are gut busting big but tasty.I might be slightly tipsy from the drink and drown well special at the bar but the skillet Mac and cheese was delightful and sinfully delicious.A little hole in the wall but it has such amazing burgers!! It was a 4 minute walk from our hotel so we needed to grab a quick bite before our vampire tour lol. And the service was pretty friendly and fast. Definitely a great place to stop by and eat. :)Little place in the back of a bar but packs great food back there. We had the loaded fries which was a huge portion - thank God we shared as it could be a meal on its own. Then we split the catfish burger...whoa that was absolutely DELICIOUS!!! I'm still dreaming of it...Price is affordable, food comes out quick, hot & fresh. The bar vibe was weird but was only there for the food so did not care. Will definitely return & recommend.Very good, love the ambience and the food is awesome. However, did not see cajun/creole on the menu, just a heads-up. Service was awesome and bar is nice. I definitely recommend.Love the location and all but the fish and chips was too salty and over seasoned. I really wish I like it because I was sooo looking forward to it. I'm sure the other food is good though!Catfish sandwich! Had this 3x in my short stay. And the fries were the kind you just cant stop eating till they are all gone.Place was awesome. Found it on our last night in New Orleans and probably a good thing because we would have eaten there every night...
It is inside the 700 club if anyone has trouble finding it. Walk through the bar to the back which has seat your own tables. 
My fiancé and I ordered a couple dishes to share so we could sample a number of things: Bistro burger, piggyback fries, and a side of Mac and cheese. Everything was delicious. Piggyback fries are a must! Huge portion. Also the side of Mac and cheese is quite a large portion. You're probably getting two cups worth. Super creamy and great. 
Shout out to the staff. Really nice guys and put a lot of care into the food. We really enjoyed ourselves!Excellent bar food and super friendly employees. The veggie sliders are some of the best veggie burgers I've had anywhere - they come up with a new recipe every week so it's worth coming back.Great flavorful food. Recommend the catfish platter. Lots of flavor in everything we triedSecond time coming here. They have such a great vibe here. From the servers, bartender, to the patrons-- Cool people and fantastic food. Came here after that flop of a place Willie Maes( tip: don't go there, come here). Will definitely return when I'm in NOLA!!!The bar on the street is actually 'The 700 club'. The review is for the attached popout kitchen. We had the crawfish grilled cheese, mac and cheese, and fries. It was delicious.
Lawrence was our bartender at the 700 club - great guy and was really fun all around - highly recommend!The food was crafted nicely and the menu was creative. I had the PB&J wings which were very good. A little heavy on the peanut butter and could use a little more jelly. My girlfriend had the veggie burger which was also really tasty. The prices are not cheap (9/10 a dish) but the quality and presentation makes up for it. I could tell the chef was really an artist and knows how to cook!I can't say how great this little hole in the wall was! We had the mac n cheese bites (awesome), cheeseburger (fabulous), skillet mac n cheese (phenomenal) (maybe skip the bacon- very thick), and fried chicken sandwich (crazy good)!!!  And the fries... the fries- wow. So great! We just wanted a burger and couldn't have had better luck.
The venue is cute and has music videos playing on the walls, but not in a distracting way.
If you want some really good food, this is your place!  It was not a Southern food place, so if you're looking for jambalaya or other southern foods, keep moving.Outstanding burger! Great service. It honestly has to be one of the best burgers I've ever eaten.Had the most amazing lunch today - Beef and Cheddar brussel sprouts and 1 chicken tender!  So yummy if ya ain't ya should and ya should now!We came here in the middle of the night starving. There were literally no restaurants open around like 11 PM? Except for Faubourg! Located a short walk from Bourbon St. and behind a bar, we found ourselves here salivating for its fried chicken wings. Perhaps it was because of the alcohol induced hunger within our stomachs, but man, were these wings finger licking good. We only got the wings but the other items on the menu looked delicious as well. We finished eating everything in like, 5 minutes flat. Great food, served at times when you really need it.The people are all awesome and the food is soooo good!!! It's bar food that's really yummy bar food. I love this gem.The mac & cheese bites were 'slap ya mama' delicious! And my cheeseburger was perfection. My concern was the bathroom situation. I walk towards the hallway that lead to the bathroom. I see two doors with signs on them, one that said 'EVE' & the other 'STEVE'. That's easy to decipher which one I'd use. I enter EVE, I see a urinal on the wall. Huh?! a urinal in the ladies room? Once I took care of business, I walked out of the stall to see a man walk in, head to the urinal and proceed to "whip it out'! I was like, Hellooooo!! you're in EVE. He didn't care & con't to urinate. Not feeling safe, I immediately walked out. I couldn't even wash my hands. Good thing I carry alcohol wipes at all times. Other than that uncomfortable situation, I definitely recommend the food.Went for the Mac and cheese bites. They were amazing. This place is a hidden treasure. Not for a family but if your in Nola for food - it's for you. Open late. We also had a chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun. Very tastyIn the back of a bar...but man it was absolutely incredible. Servings are huge so definitely recommend sharing. The mac and cheese bites were delectable and the loaded fries with pork were huge and out of this world. The pork on the fries were great and the bacon pieces were huge and so so good. Highly recommend this place.Literally the best chicken sandwich I've had in my life... well paired with the siracha slaw.Although a bit hard to find at first I am glad we found it, hidden behind the 700 bar you will find some of the most delicious bites in NoLa! Went with a group of 7 girls and we all enjoyed everything we had. I personally got the chicken sandwich and the sriracha coleslaw and it did not disappoint. We all raved about how good everything was and we can't wait to visit when we are back in town!Food was yummy. It is in the back of the bar, you order there and take a number and somehow they find you. The bar is great. Service is fast and not too expensive. We went on Easter Sunday and everyone was wearing very elaborate handcrafted Easter hats. Great way to start our trip!Yes, I made him walk all the way over here because I saw a picture of what looked like an amazing mac and cheese sandwich on yelp and was So BUMMED when I found out that they didn't have it. They explained that they change up the menu sometimes and that was just a temporary item. By that time I was craving mac and cheese so I went ahead and ordered their regular mac and cheese dish and my husband got their catfish sandwich. WOW. Everything was soooo good!!!! We are still raving about it and I know this is one place we are going to crave being back in our home state!All the credit goes to David for discovering this place through Instagram. After seeing all of the delicious pictures of various things coated in a thick layer of cheese, as well as mac and cheese piled high on top of things, I knew we had to see this place for ourselves.
First of all, Faubourg Bistro is located in the back of a bar, but it's a really fun bar, so don't let that stop you from visiting. We went at around 6 on a Saturday and it was a pretty chill crowd. We had already scoped out the menu online and while they didn't have one thing we wanted (no crawfish grilled cheese, since it isn't crawfish season), they did have the skillet pizza mac and cheese that we had our eye on. We each got an order. 
After a brief wait we were presented with a personal skillet of mac and cheese layered with tomato sauce and topped with pepperoni. As soon as I dug in the cheese oozed and mixed with the sauce and made the macaroni nice and ooey gooey. THIS MIGHT BE ONE OF MY NEW FAVORITE THINGS! The dish was so rich and I couldn't get enough. It also came with garlic bread on the side, in case you want to spread your carbs on top of more carbs (and of course you do!).
Needless to say, I got through about half of this thing and took the rest home for later. I am happy to report that it is just as good upon reheating! Truth me told, David and I could have easily split this dish and left happy. We have a plan for next time: we are going to order a cheeseburger and a skillet pizza mac and split it. There is so much yum on the menu that we are bound to be back a few times over.We came here on a Monday night at 9pm and it was understandably empty in the restaurant section in the back so we ate in the bar area. The fried chicken sandwich and fried mac and cheese balls were very good. I hate mayo normally but the garlic mayo on the sandwich didn't taste like mayo.WOW!!!! Go here. Order the Mac n cheese bites and the Mac and cheese skillet. Husband got the fish n chips which he said "was on another level". Great service, cute corner bar and bistro.Just had a burger (with pepper-jack cheese) and fries delivered. The fries were amazingly seasoned. Interesting that they start delivering at 11 am yet don't open ''til noon.This place seemed very odd as it was inside a bar, but turned out to be very awesome! I'm drunk from drinking from pat obrians down the street but this place was amazing! This site is telling me I need more characters so I'm adding just a few more so here they are. Are you happy yet? What the heck, still not enough. Please be happy Yelp gods. I just want to stop typing.Definitely not what I was expecting having to go through a bar to get to the back where the food is. Incredibly surprised!! Great food! Pizza Mac and cheese, pork covered fries with huge pork chunks and catfish sandwich. All incredible and I can't recommend the food enough!!!Was looking for good eats on a tight budget in NOLA and my damn the expectations were succeeded! The beef and cheese sandwich was killer! Mac and cheese a phenominal blend! Fries seasoned so dope and crispy sober af this place was great I think if I had been drinking my happy heart would have given in.I wasn't feeling well and didn't wanted to go out to eat. I order food from Faubourg Bistro and it was delicious! The PB&J Wings are the best! They have a Thai-style peanut sauce, crumbled bacon, spiced grape jelly I have never had wings like that! They were crispy in the outside and juicy in the inside! We also got theSouther Style sandwich and it was really good as well. They text me letting me know that they were busy and delivery would take long, but in reality it took around 30 minutes.I had the wings with peanut sauce. Yum.
 Not to much fat and the jelly sauce was super.I went to this place on my day trip to New Orleans, the food was decent but the drink I ordered wasn't great. I wish they had some kind of specials or drink menu of some sort. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich and everything was really greasy but the presentation was good. You go to the back of the bar to order and they bring the food out to you. I had a decent experience, but I wouldn't eat here before you have to walk around New Orleans all night.Les meilleures frites ever! Épicées, très bien assaisonnées, le burger Roasted beef and cheddar est délicieux, la viande tendre et les pains, très bons et tout fait maison.
Je le recommande vivementGreat burgers and fries flew in from Florida stop by this restaurant for lunch. Service was great and the coworkers in the kitchen were extremely nice and the menu prices was  cheap.Best food I've had near the French quarter that is reasonably priced. 
Sandwiches here are incredible. Fried Catfish was perfect with the pickled veggies. Slaw was perfectly sloppy. 
Vibe was awesome. Ambiance is a plus. 
A lil off the beaten path but walkable which makes it ideal. 
Ac was pumping so it was nice and cool on a hot day.This is one of the best places we've eaten in the quarter. Food is reasonably priced. The southern fried chicken sandwich was one of the best I've had and the mac and cheese was so creamy and delicious. I would highly recommend dining here!This place is amazing! The best southern chicken sandwich! The mac n cheese bits are awesome! Love this place! The staff are very friendly and fast! Definitely a must try!Food was phenomenal. The simple things done well. Fries for days. Everybody is so nice too. If I were a catfish I would let them make me into a sandwich. Got the skillet of the month (Cajun)-- thought I was dreaming. 10/10What a hidden gem!! Omg... I cannot really say enough about this place. Literally everything is amazing catfish sandwich, burger, Fries shit even the salad is good (if you are going for that). You seriously cannot miss this place if you have been to NOLA before.