I discovered Favori when I went to Tulane and have been going back ever since. Located within walking distance from the universities on Maple Street, Favori is my go-to place for greasy hangover food. It's owned by an older Korean couple who definitely know what they're doing. You place your order at the kitchen and wait for your name to be called. That's my favorite time, where you stand back and choose from the 100+ options of soft drinks and beverages from the coolers lining the long wall. After a short while, your name is called and --whew man!-- the food is exactly what you were looking for. I tried most of everything over the years and the Maple Feast is my usual option. The french fry po boy is also a good choice as well.
Favori is good for a quick bite, better if you're hungover. I wouldn't put it in the same class as the great, famous po boy shops around town, but I like it for what it is and I'll keep going backFirst off, the delivery took an hour and ten minutes. They told me it would take forty-five. Also they did not have the Mac n cheese I ordered, but instead of telling me so I could order a different side they just didn't bring it upon delivery. Finally, as if this wasn't enough, I called to check the status of my order, and the working manager hung up after saying she would check on the status of my order. If I could close this business right now I would, a thoroughly classless establishment.The food here is dirt cheap yet still manages to be delicious. I strongly recommend the Chicken Parmesan with mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.
Their hours are somewhat awkward (only open until 9pm) and they aren't open on Tuesday at all, which strikes me as odd.
The delivery is pretty fast and they get to Tulane in a pretty reasonable amount of time. Overall, definitely good.My absolute favorite hangover food in New Orleans.  If you start your day with a pounding headache, don't reach for aspirin, just go into Favori and grab a bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit/croissant/sandwich and soon your previous night's regrets will sink into the best afternoon nap that you've ever had (hot tip: add sriracha, trust me).  Not only that, if you're in need of hydration, Favori has almost literally every drink you can think of. Remember Mystics from when you were in middle school? Yeah they have those.  Arizona Teas? Of course. Coconut water, Snapple, anything your heart desires.
Favori is also a great spot for quick and simple sandwiches. Their hot pastrami sandwich is delicious, and a great power lunch. Throw on some mustard and you're good to go. 
I have to mention that the owners of Favori are also some of the nicest people I've ever met. You may be hit with a "Favori hold please" when you call, but that just comes with the rush.  When you arrive you'll be met with pure courtesy.Good local deli, my main complaint is the the French bread is not that great. The sandwich menu is grand with lots of good combos, my favorites are the Chicken Philly and Maple Feast. The drink selection is grand.The food only tastes good when you're drunk.  Don't expect fresh cold cuts or bread.  They really skimp on the meat, so $7-8 dollars for a sandwich is not a good deal at this place.It's hot in New Orleans. Really hot. I'm a Texan, more importantly I'm a North Texan. We like our heat dry. The sun can crack vinyl and fade paint, but it's the king, not the humidity. I walk down the potholed streets to my favorite place to eat on a hot day in New Orleans. Oh, no not your frosty ice creamery or snowball stand, but some heavy good food. This is the type of place that you guiltily, wait this is New Orleans, unabashedly gorge yourself on greasy food, sun yourself on your porch, then pass out till the night's festivities begin all over again. This is the type of place that you go with a hangover. You and your hangover take a seat and only one gets up. Two man enter, one man leave. I'm at Favori. 
The food and atmosphere is so diner you expect to see a gum chewing waitress. The catch, it's not a diner. I mean the place would even look like a diner if it was a bit larger with more seating. However, it does double as a limited corner store. There is limited seating and the place functions primarily as an order to go and delivery. Note, quick aside if you decide to order by phone for pick up it is considerably quicker than getting delivery. They do allow credit and debit cards for delivery orders. However, delivery is limited to certain areas and most of the time requires a 45 minute wait. I have sometimes received my food earlier, but for a safe bet expect a 45 minute wait. The staff is great. A friendly Vietnamese immigrant couple that serve up traditional American greasy spoon couldn't be a better statement on what still makes this country great. They are some of the friendliest people I have met in the city. Considering that most of the customer base are college students I was amazed that I was recognized every time. I had several interesting conversations with them. 
The Philly Cheese steak (not the cheez wiz variety for purist) is delicious. The meat is great, cheese just enough gooey. The bread is soft and just gooey enough where bread meets cheese and meat. It's heaven. For those of you that are somewhat health conscious and I emphasize the word somewhat try the chicken Philly it will slay you. Other favorites include that oh so south Louisiana treat the french fry poboy with gravy. The roast beef poboy with gravy, another Louisiana staple, is a messy, second date killing delight. Some of the best items on the menu are breakfast items. The menu list toppings as cheese, sausage, bacon, egg (over easy or scrambled, you can also spring for vegetables. They also have great hash browns as well. A great parmesan chicken and macaroni with cheese. 
So stuffed, greasy, and a little ashamed I push back from my chair and make my way home. Hey, I know it's New Orleans, but I'm a Texan and have yet to devolve completely to decadence.Love this greasy fork and spoon deli!  This is not a fine dining establishment.  This food is meant to be a filling and delicious meal that doesn't break the bank. 
I called my order in fifteen minutes before I walked over to pick it up.  When I showed up, my food had just come out and was sitting for me at the counter by the door.  This deli has a few groceries with the kitchen taking up the back part of the place.  There are a few tables and chairs for dining in, but mainly this is a grab and go crowd. 
My cheeseburger and fries hit the spot!  The burger was enormous and I couldn't possibly eat all my fries.  The patty was expertly seasoned and cooked perfectly (medium-well).  The bun was fresh and light.  The French fries weren't super oily which was good; nice seasoning, too.  Ultimately, I had a super satisfying meal for less than $10. 
FYI: They deliver!  I hear their breakfast/brunch sandwich with the hash brown and "house sauce" is amazing.We found a new favorite place in New Orleans in this little deli. Our little corner grocery store/deli that we normally go to when we are in NO is closed on Sundays, as is our other favorite sandwich shop, The Milk Bar. While searching for another good, reasonably priced place to get a sandwich near our daughter's home, we discovered this little gem. My husband loves Philly cheese steaks, and he said the one he had here was better than the ones at Geno's in Philadelphia, which  is famous for their cheese steaks. The shrimp Po Boy I had was fabulous with lots of small, fried shrimp, which is better on a Po Boy so they stay in the bread. It had just enough spice in it without being too spicy.  The ingredients were very fresh, and the French bread was wonderful. The onion rings were frozen rather than hand battered; however, they were very tasty also. The deli/store was very clean, the size of the sandwiches was very good, and we had fast service when we were there in the afternoon. We can't wait to go again before we leave the area.Get the macaroni and cheese. Trust me.
I don't eat meat, so "delis" aren't really a language I speak. But Favori's menu is so all-encompassing that the pickiest of eaters will find something they like. The inside looks like a traditional little poboy shop mixed with a convenience store. So many drink options. Two of my friends loved the philly cheesesteak. They have tables inside as well, so it doesn't have to be a pick-up-a-poboy-and-leave kind of of place. People refer to this as "hangover food", but it's so much better than that. It's simple good cooking that is inexpensive and delicious. If I ever leave the south I would miss stores like this. 
PLUS they have no delivery fee, but I'm not sure how wide their delivery area spreads.Thanks for suddenly changing your delivery footprint and not including that in your info not to mention taking my order AND credit card info only to call back and basically explain that your one driver is too lazy to cross Claiborne today. 
You can keep your mediocre food. I should probably thank you for keeping me from eating your trash.Great comfort food at an even better price. Delivery times can be inconsistent but still worth it every timeBig, delicious, fairly priced poboys made on Liedenheimer french bread. There is a huge selection of drinks and snacks as well. The staff are extremely friendlyHad excellent po boys here after a long day of drinks. Fried shrimp and sausage. Omg.Best po-boys in uptown with excellent bread and seafood. They always get my order right. The family who run the shop are very pleasant. They also have a vast array of non alcoholic drinks.A solid staple to the college atmosphere. This is one of the great cheap sandwich places that you discover on an off weekend. Nice staff, casual and good seating.  The steak and eggs are a solid choice at an affordable price.  I too would recommend getting extra sauce.Really good food. Love how I can order cigs on my splash cardFavori is one of my favorite spots to hit when I'm out in New Orleans.  I frequently visit NO during Mardi Gras and although the wait is quite long (which is expected during this time), I must say it is well worth the wait.
The food is fantastic! My favorite is the grilled shrimp poboy on french bread and the spicy chicken wrap.  I heard the steak and egg is excellent as well.  They actually have a variety of different sandwiches for the meat lovers as well as the seafood lovers (shrimp, oyster, catfish) and they do not go skimpy.  Each sandwich I ordered was loaded and made fresh to order.  They also have really tasty side dishes such as the mac & cheese and jambalaya.
The owners/staff are quite friendly as well.  I believe the owners had some family helping them at the store during this past Mardi Gras.  The new guy taking orders in the back was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  He was very pleasant and was able to answer all my questions regarding the menu even during their busiest hours with a smile.  The new girl takes a bit to warm up to but she was polite as well.
All in all, this is a must place to visit.  The prices are reasonable given the amount and quality of food.  I even saw a few Jimmy John employees ordering sandwiches from them...that says it all!Best sandwich shop Uptown. Food is great, huge portions for great prices, and really nice staff. Come here at least twice a week.We love this place. From the spicy chicken wrap, to the steak egg and cheese, to the Philly cheese steak. This place always satisfies my cravings when I'm hungover or just generally depressed. Don't expect to go run a marathon after though, its heavy food.their steak n egg breakfast sandwich is the best. awesome hangover food and they delivery. not only do they deliver their deli food but they will also deliver anything they sell in the store, which is also like a mini convenient store.very little seating available thoughi love favori. they are easy and delicious and comforting. everyone who works there is very kind and sweet. they have an EXCEPTIONAL cold beverage selection. so many sodas and other tasty drinks. their sandwiches are all good. they deliver too so that's pretty cool. love them thank u for existing favori.Get the Philly cheese steak with two fried eggs on top and the slather it in hot-sauce. You feel like you are going to get a heart-attack soon after but it is well worth it.A favorite spot of mine out in New Orleans, their menus variety reminds and interior vibe of the place resembles a "greasy spoon" theme almost. The sandwiches and food are all incredibly delicious. I would highly recommend the maple feast sandwich ADD LETTUCE, it will make your day!We stopped in here during a visit to NOLA. PoBoy sandwiches were AMAZING. Don't let the atmosphere fool you, this was some of the best food we had on our trip!Best Poboy in New Orleans bar none!
I used to live in Nola and would eat there at least once a week. I came here in law school. Then visited years later and they remembered me. It's run by great people, friendly and nice.
Recommendation: get the spicy chicken wrap but order it on French bread. Amazing!!!!
Forget the French quarter and experience a real poboy by locals!Super awesome! It's owned by two Asian young adults and there is one cook who is just incredible. I suggest getting the Steak Egg and Cheese wrap. It comes with hash browns in it and this amazing zesty sauce. It's going to be really filling and for a great price!The steak n egg. Nuff said. Oh and be sure to ask for extra sauce ;)
I order from here quite often, REALLY nice owners (i guess they are) stupid me does not know either of their names, and after all this time (and as i'm typing this) i feel bad.
It's either a toss up between the steak and egg (with extra sauce) or the sunshine special. Can't  go wrong. Plus add a bag of chips and an Arizona energy drink with it all for about eleven bucks?! can't do better! 
Trust me, try that steak and egg, but i hope your mom isn't around because you'll definitely be wanting to slap her right in the face it's so damn good.Love love love this place. I always get a philly cheese steak and some cheese fries. Not a fancy place, but amazing at what they do. Can't speak highly enough. I love little sandwich joints and this place is my favorite in Uptown NolaVery quick little deli and grocery. Try the maple feast! Call ahead and in 10 min it's sitting on the counter ready. Great breakfast and po-boy options. I liked the bread; found it crispy and flakey on the outside and soft and delicious on the inside.  That being said it isn't the best french loaf in all the land. Still good little sandwich shop.When I went in, gentle wait, but what can you expect when you know your sandwich is being made just for your? The owners had a regular come in who hadn't been in a while and it was all joy and happy introductions of the new boyfriend of the regular. Sandwich was great, just what you wanted out of a hot sandwich. Pricing is good but the food and friendly reception is better!"Favori hold please."
This is the first thing you will hear when calling in an order. Besides that and the long wait for delivery, the food is super bomb and the prices aren't bad either. I like their breakfast sandwiches the best and they have a great House sauce.On my way home from work and Tulane University, I came across this deli. Even though it was empty inside, they seemed busy on the phone, and it was easy to see why: their sandwiches were delicious. I believe one owner of the deli took my order and the other made my sandwich, which was nice; they're both very polite. However, their  sandwiches are a little pricey, so I wish there was some sort of deal for students or a meal deal of some sort, which is why I gave them a 3 instead of a 4. I would recommend this to friends in the area.Great food, large portions for cheap. Awesome people working there as well. Really nice little placeI like the menu. Traditional poboys and some non traditional items like rubens, tuna salad, and philly cheese steak. They also have breakfast sandwiches.  
At first the breakfast sandwiches seemed expensive, but they are huge and worth the money. The biscuits are delicous. The steak and egg is a full size 12" poboy. TIP#1:  The hashbrown overpowered the sandwich so take it off and eat it on the side. TIP#2: Theres alot of bread, (and sauce) do yourself a favor and double up that egg/steak filling and discard other half of french loaf.  Now THAT is a sandwich!I love ordering from this place, very friendly staff and delicious hot food.
only open from 10:30 am - 4pm W through MGreat local business that is cheap and easy. Definitely the tastiest Po-Boy in the neighborhood.Favori has really great food and sandwiches at amazing prices. This is as good as it gets when it comes to a bargain for a hungry stomach. I've never had bad food from here, but once I was in a sticky situation because they used to take NOLAbucks from Tulane students and then stopped. Overall... good food. Go here.Classic Style. Used to joke that I had the "favori mealplan" because I ordered from here so much at Tulane.I love this spot for quick and casual lunches. The steak and egg breakfast sub was very good, and we also tried the spicy chicken wrap after a recommendation from the guy taking our order. I'd get both again! And I know I will, since the prices are low and it's right around the corner.Great sandwiches, great deliver service. Good Sandwiches:
Maple Feast, Philly cheese, Spicy chicken wrap.
(They also sell basic groceries so if you are ordering for delivery you can order drinks, chips, bread, cookies, gum, candy, tobacco, etc...)Favori Deli is a little gem that we found one day looking for a quick spot to get a sandwich in Uptown. I didn't really get how it worked when I walked in--the place also doubles as a tiny little convenience story. What I loved most about this spot was how cheap all the sandwiches were! And not only were they extremely inexpensive, but delicious AND huge! The only thing that we didn't like was how long they took to give us our food. I don't know if always takes long, but either way, it's a great spot!$ Reasonable price, very low key and clean. Fresh food well seasoned real shrimp I don't know about the fish. Fish po-boy batter don't hold up to well but overall sandwich really good.A great deli! Great prices and incredible sandwiches and Mac and cheese. Great for every meal. Only thing is I wish they opened earlier because I love their breakfastI got the chance to check this place out recently and I'm so glad I did because I loved my shrimp po boy. The staff was friendly and my friends loved their food too.Favori has one of the most diverse menus in the area. From wings to breakfast to grilled catfish. The food is also usually delicious. I've never not liked anything I've ever gotten. Notable problems with the establishment however are crucial to acknowledge. The business hours are rarely followed and they sort of close whenever many times. The place also occasionally smells like bleach and 
Can be very unsettling. Other than those things it is very deliciousPure hangover fuel. 
Good service lacking heavily, food is decently tasty (hard to mess up a breakfast sandwich anyways).Best philly's in town!! Always consistent, fresh bread and fresh ingredients!! They are very quick and very friendly!I discovered Favori long, long ago when, without car as a freshman at Tulane, I ventured down Maple Street for an alternative to PJ's (aka Starbucks). Little did I know this "hole in the wall," I suppose, existed. We peered in the window curiously.. looked like a convenience store. But oh, we easily found out it is so much more! 
Favori is a good option for greasy, delicious food on the cheap. Many students and New Orleans locals alike deem it the perfect hangover food. It is close to campus, they serve up any food you may crave after a long, indulgent night, and they deliver (which is especially advantageous because you may not want to revisit that nearby street where you may or may not have made some bad decisions the night before). 
My personal favorite? The egg and cheese croissant, which is about $5 with a can of Coke. I first had it when I was sick, hacking up a lung and such, and therefore not hungover, and it is the perfect comfort food. I don't know what they do to make it the absolute PERFECT combination I could eat every day. I think it may be the melty, delicious cheese. Or maybe the layers of fluffy egg. Or maybe the buttery, so-flaky-you're-going-to-want-several-napkins-but-will-still-end-up-with-crumbs-on-your-shirt croissant. Whatever it is, you need one. Now.
Tip: Much to my recent despair, I noticed it is closed Tuesday. Which is why I went today (Wednesday). And why I have half a croissant sandwich nestled away in my work bag for later snacking. Yum.My family and I were looking for something quick to eat before heading back on the road to Atlanta. We came across this gem (thanks to you local yelpers). We only had breakfast sandwiches and drinks but it was delicious and just right for us to eat in the car on the long trip home. The staff were very friendly as well. We will definitely be back when visiting! Love the area which is a college town for Tulane and Loyola.Favori has the best food in town! You can't go wrong with most anything on the menu! I suggest the Maple Feast or Spicy Chicken Wrap. And as for sides, well, good luck finding better Mac and Cheese or Jambalaya in the city!
As for the atmosphere, the owners are great and always eager for some great conversation. Kids are especially welcome!Ordered lunch from this location accidentally and the wings were terrible. The grease was old and left a bad after taste. I made the wrong choice on Uber Eats.Ordered a shrimp plate using uber eats. I enjoyed it. I would order again. The shrimp were fried to perfection.Food here was so good!! Service was quick and the bartender was super helpful and knowledgeable. Check this place out if on Frenchman street and want somewhere good to eat!Rude staff. Don't go in even 45 minutes before they close causenot only will you get an attitudebit they probably will be out of your first and second choice. I work in a restaurant, that being saidif someone walksin 5 minutes before we close out does not matter. And if we are out of something we apologize sincerely. Not with an attitude...really sad. I live in the neighborhood and was really excited to try the place. Also keep in mind we for out Togo...and 15 minutes before they close what happens after we walk out? They lock the door behind us. Talk about poor customer service. If yall wanna close at 245 instead of 3, let it be known. Otherwise stop being lazy and do your job professionally.Great convenient location. Really quick with your orders and the people there are friendly. I like the pizza bagels but all of their sandwiches are good.Super yummy sandwiches. First time here we would come back next time we are town! Everyone loved it. Philly was amazing!The shrimp Po'boys trump those at more well known establishments. Prices are super reasonable. Service is super quick. Definitely check out if you're in the area!Stopped to grab a quick side salad. I tried to order ahead but the girl that answered put me on hold for what felt like forever. I decided to just go in and order & I figured it was take all of 5 minutes to make the side salad I was ordering for lunch. The salad consisted of lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumbers. That's it. Meanwhile I sat and waited for a minimum of 20 minutes in a restaurant with maybe 3 customers? 
The salad was good for a side salad.friendly staff, great quality of food. Fresh ingredients and made to order. Really enjoyed our food!That steak&egg was legit. Each bite was filled with meat. They also slapped a hash brown in there.popped in to get a poboy because it was cheaper and closer than parran's. took about 30 minutes to get our food, and once it arrived it was subpar. my catfish poboy had soggy yellow/brown lettuce. my boyfriend got the three egg breakfast with incorrectly cooked eggs, very oily bland hash brown patties, and dry bacon. chili cheese fries were stale and microwaved. the only people who seem to like this shitty place are transplants, especially given the college area. they were even out of hot sauce! bruh don't come hereGreat sandwiches. The grocery items are overpriced but I go for the food. Excellent reasonably priced sandwiches. I particularly recommend the maple feast, and steak and egg sandwich which is very hearty and delicious.
They also have great vegetarian sandwiches and their house sauce is DELICIOUS.
Their side dishes are very good and they deliver.
If you call ahead it'll be ready by the time you get there. Super convenient, friendly staff, consistent food.Went in to pick up a meal to go. None of the staff was wearing a mask while preparing or handling food.Sad to say that the the divine steak and egg sandwich cannot make up for the service and the dirtiness of favori. The service is bad. It's hard to get a hold of someone over the phone to place a Togo order. There are also so many roaches. The tables are dirty. The kitchen looks so dirty and cluttered.Wow what a hidden gem!!!! Very clean and tidy place with ample seating and enough room for a large group. Two Big screen TVs tell me there is a great place to have a sandwich and catch a game!  I opted for the club, I love a classic but you have to be careful in nola as people get real tricky with exactly what they put on the club!!!! Well I won't spoil the surprise but trust me when I say "they know" what to put!!! Lol you won't be disappointed in this step back in time southern hospitality - I felt like I was at my grandmas!These po-boys are OK, but not great.  I've had far better.  They put too much mayonnaise on, which is kind of gross.  Nothing about it is very unique.  Location is great, so I'll give it an extra star for that.  But seriously, these are not the best po-boys to be found in New Orleans.  Loyola and Tulane students come here because its convenient.  
I've noticed that locals in NOLA seem to automatically judge any place that tourists go to as a "tourist trap."  Likewise, they also seem to judge any place that the tourists haven't discovered as a "gem" or something similar.  While this place isn't touristy, it ain't no "gem" either.This is hands down my favorite deli in New Orleans! The food is always made fresh and quickly, and the staff is always nice too. I usually get the club sandwich which is AMAZING and a side of motz sticks, cheese fries, or chicken fingers - all a great choice. For breakfast, the steak and egg sandwich is out of this word! And the biscuits are perfect. My go to deli in town. Favori rocks!!Tried the wings. I got the bbq wings, not my favorite. They weren't seasoned and it seemed like a very thin, sweet bbq sauce.So it's been 3 long years since I've had a chance to make it back to NO.  I've been craving a Favori shrimp po'boy for the longest time and decided to take a spur of the moment trip last week to visit some extended family (this gave me the excuse I needed to visit my favorite deli).
To my surprise, the place is run by new ownership!  I got to speaking with one of the local college students and he said Tom and Gina, the previous owners, had sold the business a few months back.  
Well, I didn't come all this way from Ca to not at least give this new place a try.  I ordered my usual shrimp po'boy...I must say I was a bit disappointed.  Although the menu didn't change too much from the previous owners, the quality and quantity of the food left much to be desired.  I guess I'll be searching for a new spot to satisfy my po'boy fix.The portions were large, the price fair and the food was good. Best of all the staff was great. I had the cheese steak and my wife had the shrimp PO boy. If you are looking for a good place to get a quick bite I would highly recommend.It's sad to leave a bad review but as much as I love the Poboys is from this restaurant every time I try to call and place an order the phone innocently goes to voicemail now I cannot leave a voicemail. One day when I walked in to make an order since I couldn't get a phone call or send a phone call through I noticed that they take the phone off the ringer so it'll go straight to voicemail.So it's unfortunate I have to leave a terrible review because I did enjoy some of the food at this establishment.
Today I went in to order a sandwich and Mac and Cheese. I waited for 25 mins before I inquired politely how much longer my order would take. The owners wife basically spazzed out and said "what do you want me to do people are ahead of you".
As a person who has patronized this small business I do not think that was appropriate  way of speaking to a customer.
For that very reason I will no longer purchase food from them.