Only had drinks at the bar two weeks ago but looking forward to going back for food.  Staff seemed friendly and informed, heard waitress asking bartender about available drinks and him offering alternatives.This place is it! Loved our server Rhonnie, she was great. The shrimp and grits is where it's at! Catfish is also very tasty. Peanut butter pie was an awesome ending. No complaints about anything all was fabulous.We loved going back to the new Feelings! It's such a charming space and the updates to it retained its charm but it's much nicer now. The food was all great and was a great value - you get a lot for what you pay - in quality and quantity. And our service was absolutely great too! We can't wait to go back.Went here for lunch on a Friday - 75 cent martinis during lunch. We ordered 2
appetizers which were both very good but small - friend green tomatoes had a great sauce top but only 4 to an order and shrimp dip which had great flavor but you only get a tiny portion and some house made chips. Just didn't feel like the portion fit the price.  The entrees were all delicious - fried chicken, shrimp and grits, oyster patty (similar to an oyster pot pie) and the southern Caesar. Will definitely go back!Dinner was delicious. Couldn't believe it wasn't busier. Caesar salad, chicken sandwich and seafood spaghetti were all perfect and the ambience is friendly and warm.The food, the staff! Friendly and smart, delicious food and drinks. This is simply a wonderful place again. Love it.Our first time at the New Feelings Cafe.  we had been to the old one several times and liked it.  this new iteration is great!  the food was amazing, they shared plates are quite generous for two people while allowing you the space to try one of the many amazing small plates.  the service was also great, nice waitress with good suggestions.  we went to the Elvis bar after dinner and had a cocktail and spoke to the owner and one of the guys who works there.  very friendly, vibe in the place and we will be back.We came here for dinner our last night in NOLA...staying a few blocks away.
Had hoped to eat in the beautiful courtyard but, alas, that was only for drinks; so into the dining room we went encouraged by the very welcoming staff.
We ate early and it was a little quiet with several "older" (like us) local residents. But that might be because the food is the real, old school thing. 
We really enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, cracklins and shrimp with grits. Someone else said it's like eating terrific home cooking and I completely agree. 
Add to that very attentive and friendly service, a great video encompassing New Orleans for decades over the bar....and the "world famous" peanut butter pie (it deserves that accolade) and a stroll in the Marigny before or after and you will know you've had a great NOLA neighborhood meal.The food was fine but we loved it for the courtyard! Perfect place to chill, have a drink and a snack in the mid afternoon.am completely embarrassed that I made reservations here for a dual 60th birthday bash.   They barely acknowledge when we came that we had reservations# 1. #2 our waitress Nicole had a bad attitude until it came towards the end (probably to get her ''deserved'' tip) #3. One member in our  party had the bad luck of having EVERYTHING she was ordering not available or out.  #4 main course for that same unlucky lady took 20-25 minutes after everyone got their food.   So now that the check comes of course there is no split check even when I specifically ''Benjamin'' in the beginning what their policies were and that we had two birthday gals tonight and if they offered anything special for them...all he had to say was yes of course and there are no restrictions on the bill situation. Completely pissed thank god we weren't starving or in a hurry because we would have walked out. I will only give them the benefit of the doubt that they were understaffed or something but they offered no apologies or comped drinks for the one lady who had to be told oops on everything and ordered.Food was good. Service was average at best. The hostess was also our waitress. Every other staff member, including the chef ignored us. It took over 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive, and our entrees arrived about 2 minutes after our appetizer. 
I couldn't imagine ever returning, despite the good food. Not an enjoyable experience.
10/14/2017 Update:  Reply to R.K. -  I didn't realize I was obligated to reply to your email. And, you're just plain stupid and wrong. We were the only ones seated in the dining room. No one was busy. Standing around doing nothing by the hostess station is not what I would call anything but stupid or lazy. Pick one.  You friggin dooshbag. It's fabulous watching your establishment go down in flames.Everything was excellent.
We had a group of 20 and everyone enjoyed what they ordered.  There wasn't a single complaint from anyone.
Courtney was our waitress and did a great job taking care of such a large group. 
All in all a great experience.I'd give this place 6 stars out of 5.  Food is bursting with flavors, ambience is solemn and good for romantic dates, talking about the courtyard. Even the cocktails are superb. Definitely coming back.Had a lovely meal here tonight, started with a glass of wine in the courtyard and then went to our table.  Staff were very attentive supplying us with water, we had three different appetizers and three different entrees.  I had the surf and surf which was full of flavour and served with rice.  Other diners had surf and turf which were served with vegetables at their request.  Would love to see this restaurant succeed as it is a gem in the jewelTheir crab cakes are out of this world. I only wish there was a full meal made of the crab cakes. The best I've ever had. Tons of fresh crab meat and little breadingI love this place! The service was awesome also. We had a group and they didn't disappoint. Unique menu choices.LOOOOVE the new renovation here!! Courtyard is even more beautiful than before! Stopped in for cocktails and we were not disappointed! Made with fresh ingredients.. mint, ginger, mango...We did try the peanut butter pie as I had heard so much about it and it is all that and more. You must try it. If you are visiting our town, make this lovely spot a must do on your list. It is not a "touristy" place but one of those local gems that you will fall in love with. I have dined here since the new owners revamped the space and the menu is very diverse and the food is delicious. Service and staff is impeccable as well.Petit restaurant très sympathique dans un endroit calme. L'établissement dans un style particulier. Briques rouges et tableaux font l'intérieur pour un cadre agréable à regarder. La carte offre un choix diversifié et le service impeccable. Petit bémol, les proportions. Les plats principaux sont assez petits je recommande donc de prendre une entrée avant. Leur tarte au beurre de cacahuète restera aussi longtemps gravé dans ma mémoire. Les prix sont abordables, 60 dollars pour deux plats avec deux accompagnements, un dessert et deux verres de vin.The restaurant wasn't prepared for when we arrived. The staff was flustered and confused which is fine but not expected. Everything was disorganized and rushed. The gumbo was cold but had decent flavor. My wife ordered hanger steak medium well, it came rare and too salty to eat. The signature chicken dish was super salty and was served I think over the same gumbo I had as am appetizer. You can only eat in the courtyard if you want to sit on a low couch at a low table. This place was an exciting recommendation gone south.Response to owner-- why not share it with the 32 staff you employ? Best of luck!
Hit or miss. Food is fine but not special enough for the price, especially given other gems in the neighborhood. There seems to be a perpetual cloud of confusion hanging about the entrance area. I live less than a block away and have given it enough chances (and money) that I won't be back for a while, especially after the eye roll I received from the manager(? hopefully not owner!) yesterday after canceling a small order that took over 30 minutes for carryout. Small things make a big difference!A neighborhood gem - with good service and good food.  WE hope it stays in business with the new ownership.  We wanted to love it - but there were gaps in the wine list - including not having the wine we wanted, the food while good was lukewarm not hot - our server was great but overstretched.
A real issue however with reservations - a table for 3 could not be reserved on Yelp - even though there were plenty of tables, I called 3 times and no call back, I emailed also and no response and finally I texted back after having reserved for 2 to increase to 3 and when we got there - all tables were available - if we weren't committed to going we would have gone to another restaurnt
the renovations in the courtyard are great - and the Elvis bar attractive - we'll be back and hope that the wine list includes the roses listed and we can make reservationsIf you are looking for a place with a truly New Orleans hometown vibe this is the restaurant. With its beautiful courtyard, delicious New Orleans Menu, and welcoming staff, Feelings felt like hanging out with your friends at the local neighborhood establishment. Classy but no pretentious. I highly recommend the shrimp and grits and the Boudin and eggs! If your a local or are just in town for a taste of New Orleans definitely check this place out!!..... Loved our server Nathan.The service wasn't bad. Friendly and accommodating. Wasn't too busy for a Friday evening.  I made a reservation for the two of us thinking it would be.  We ordered the crab cakes which were good. We also ordered the strawberry salad. When it came to the table all that was on it was spinach and strawberries. And it was just ok. The salad should've had strawberries with candied pecans. Not sure what happened with that.  For dinner I had the surf and surf. Which was very good. We also ordered the cast iron flank steak. It was too rich with the butter sauce and the pasta. The steak was tough and was disappointing because couldn't finish it.This place is chill and has an ecclectic outdoor seating area. The ambience itself is worth checking out even for some drinks. The reason I give 5 stars, however, is the food. We started with the ribs (amazing taste just a bit salty). The highlight of the meal was a sandwich with a long acronym name that included bacon, lettuce, green tomato, and crab meat. Best thing I've had in a while!Horrible experience. I can late Sunday around 5pm after the brunch crowd. It was very slow in the restaurant which I was excited for because I wanted a calm atmosphere. There was no one to greet me at the door so I stood around for a bit. Finally I was told I could eat inside the dining room or on the patio. I chose the patio for the cool vibes and swing chair situation. I sat for about 5 minutes before a girl brought me a water and told me she would be back with a menu. I sat for another 5 minutes waiting for her before just grabbing one at the bar myself. Then a guy waiter came over and asked if I was ready. Didn't really explain or recommend anything on the menu. The two items I initially ordered they were out of. So I had to change it up. The waiter then seemed to rush my drink order. My food came out pretty fast. I waited to eat as the bar had no one at it and I knew the drink would come quickly. I then watched the bartender make my drink,set it on the counter, and the waiter remained closing out checks and organizing his money. I waited patiently (and by patiently I mean just staring at the water!) he never looked up. Finally I just got up and grabbed the drink and brought it to my own table. I sat for about a minute before I just felt out of place. The food looked good, but I wasn't comfortable eating there anymore. I politely sent everything back and told them I would feel better saving my hard earned money for a better experience. The food looked great, but the staff seemed like they were just trying to pass the time. Won't be recommending this place to my touring cast.Amazing food, atmosphere and service. My wife had the Shrimp and Grits and it was the best I'd ever tasted. I ordered the Country Fried Chicken Clemenceau and it was greatness!  Highly recommend!Awesome find. My husband said their fried chicken sandwich was the best he's ever had! Fried oysters are awesome too!Over one full hour to get a burger.
Had reservations for 6:15 and arrived promptly and were seated immediately. Then waited almost twenty minutes for a server. We finally flagged down the server who was handling literally every table around us to ask if she would be taking care of us, and several minutes later someone finally arrived to help us.
By this time, we were fully prepared with our drink and dinner order; we each ordered a beer and a burger.
We finished our beers well before the burgers arrived. There was some hand waving about the computer being down. To her credit, the server offered us more beers.
We finished dinner, put our credit card down for the check, and then saw no one for another fifteen minutes.
By the time the check returned it was nearly 7:30. Over an hour to have a hamburger. We were hoping to maybe catch some of the Krewe De Vieux parade, but the whole parade passed, nearly an hour's worth, while we tried to get dinner.
Meanwhile, other patrons came, ordered, were served, and left. The table next to us arrived a few minutes after us, had full meals, and were out the door in less than half an hour.
On the plus side, the burgers were quite good, if a bit pricey. But that can't make up for the inexcusable level of service.After coming here last year and loving the food, this dining experience was very disappointing. The gumbo appetizer was more like a soup and came out with our entrées.  The court bullion was advertised as a curry dish, which unfortunately had very little curry at all.  The shrimp and grits were the best out of the three, however not quite what we were accustomed to.  
When the waitress asked how we were enjoying the food, after giving our honest opinion she immediately said she would inform the manager. When the manager came to the table, he was more concerned about explaining why the old menu under the old ownership was so horrible and how we may have been the only people that actually liked that menu. His brash attitude towards our genuine criticism was very off putting to say the least.  After reading other reviews, this seems to be a shared complaint.
To top it all off, my date who normally has zero problems with anything she eats, had severe indigestion after our meal. So much that we actually had to call it an early night.One word...DELICIOUS! I was so skeptical about this place being that it was my husband and I's first time. The crowd was mediocre, the menu didn't have a big selection but the decor was traditionally NOLA. I had ordered the Seafood Pasta and my husband, shrimp and grits. BABY, WHEN I TELL YOU...the minute those flavors hit your mouth it's like an explosion. Everything was great! Served Hot, and I mean HOT! We will go back and bring others as well...ill call this one my litto Diamond in the Ruff.How to begin?   I made a reservation on line, informing the establishment it was our anniversary. I would like a table in the corner by an open window/door.  We arrived a few minutes early and were immediately shown to a table for two by the restrooms and kitchen door.   When we asked for another we were given the table next to the buffet.  Where it is crammed against a wall so that the only view is the staffs rear end as they do their tickets.   Terribly disappointing.   
We ordered the king creole and the egg rolls.  The king creole was wonderful but it is not an appetizer to share as it is so small and minuscule, at the price point of being the most expensive item on the menu in the appetizer category it was not OMG to die for.    The egg rolls were mushy in the center and left me wondering if they were undercooked.   The last time we had the Boudin balls and they were far superior in taste and texture.   The main course he had the pork loin with black eyed peas and greens.   He liked it.  And I had the chicken with peas and potatoes.   Now look at your thumb.  Imagine it cut in half length wise and that is the size of the potato that was on my plate.   The green pees were undercooked and the chicken nuggets were stringy and I could have had the same experience and taste at KFC.     
Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  But for some reason the "Floor Manager" kept hovering around. He made sure to let all the waitresses know who was in charge and that he would handle it all.   I don't know he just got on my nerve when he poured the remainder of my beverage over the watered down portion in the glass.   And when I told him he could take the water he declined.      
All in all I was disappointed in the quality and the experience.   A 100 dollars for two. Was not a memorable night. But you live and learn.   The two stars is for our waitress who did a wonderful job.   
1.   Did I not make a reservation requesting a corner table by an open door and window?   
2. Did I not back at a table against a wall by the kitchen and bathroom doors?    
This showed my requests were going to be ignored.  
3 Did I not request no water for me?  
4.  When water was served to me did I not request it be removed?    
Again the lack of acknowledgment of my request were ignored.  
5    The fact that I ordered the chicken with roasted potatoes. And there was one small slice of potato. 
6.  Listening to the "floor Manager" crow over his position 
Was the epitome of the night.   The fact that instead of apologizing for the lack of acknowledging the failures and the ensuing  insult, of my experience of the evening is even more proof as to why the evening was less then appealing.    Please reaching out to a disgruntled patron does not involve having the waitress tell said patron to go to "KFC next time".    It involves correspondence and communication.  My story and rating has not changed.  Nor has my opinion of the service or food standard.Popped in here with my mom the other day. Nice place. We had a couple drinks and appetizer in the outdoor bar. Fried green tomato and deviled eggs were really good. 
Then we moved into dining room for dinner. I had the spaghetti bordelaise with grilled shrimp. Just what I had in mind. Plus our waitress Courtney was one of the better wait staff I've seen. Overall service was excellent, atmosphere was excellent, and food was excellent.What a delightful little spot!  The patio was lovely, we had great drinks, the bartender gladly made me something that was not on the menu.  We ordered our food from the patio, when it was ready we moved into the dining room.  I had the fried chicken, which was delicious.  The chicken was moist and tasty, best fried chicken I've ever had.  My wife asked about the catch of the day, which was fish and chips.  She was on the verge of rejecting it, since it is, um, fish and chips.  But when she heard it was made with drumfish she decided to try it.  Wow, it knocked her socks off.  Light, flaky crust, perfectly done fish, great potato wedges that were not mealy like most fries.  Very friendly staff, overall a great experience, you should go!Best food in NOLA. Chef Scott is an incredible chef. His food speaks for itself. The pig ribs are an absolute MUST! Flavor is out of this world. Out of every local meal we had in NOLA, this trumps them all. Great ambiance, great food, wonderful chef and servers.Omg this place is amazing!!! Had the opportunity to visit this restaurant to camp out until I was able to check in for my flight back home. Everyone was super accommodating and personable! I ate the chicken liver pate and the hot cakes with fried chicken for brunch. They were delicious and the service was pretty fast. They have an a nice relaxing courtyard where you can escape to and enjoy your meal. I highly recommend this place for anyone who wants to have a nice meal away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter.Got a sweet little Air B&B in the Bywater neighborhood and found this dime... Service was great, the burger was greasy but delicious! Had a steak salad that was light and fresh and the gumbo, which was also very tasty... The courtyard wth the water fountain is cute and cozy... It was hard to leaveGreat vibe - awesome courtyard, bartenders have a generous pour and the food is tastyA manager who reads and replies.... nice. . We will visit again soon - it's been too long.Absolutely amazing. The wait staff was great and the food was just wonderful. I've been for lunch and Sunday brunch. The chef is really great. Best brunch I've ever had.Ahh.... I don't know why they changed the layout. The courtyard was absolutely beautiful, the dining room is well decorated.. but they don't even have the option to eat in the courtyard. There's just a single table for a party of 6 or so and a bunch of patio furniture. Their food is still excellent, but beware that they don't even serve breakfast or brunch on saturdays. Since my favorite parts of this place we're eating in the courtyard and brunch... I have to adjust my rating down a bit. This is no longer a romantic place to take a date for brunch.Had an excellent dinner here and love what the new owner has done with the place. My Crab Maison was delicious and my friend had the fried oysters that were in a yummy brown butter sauce. The vibe is relaxed but still has that old New Orleans feel. They have maintained some of the old feelings menu items like the peanut butter pie!  Don't miss that!I know the locals must love this little out of the way place, the courtyard for drinks is so cute and special, was all decked out for Halloween last night, I must say I have eaten Shrimp and grits from Charleston to So Fla and lots of places in between, and several places in New Orleans, but this is by far the best I have ever put in my mouth, the sauce they put on it and the greens give it an all together different taste, It was awesome,. and Craig the owner makes everyone in the place feel like he was entertaining in his own home and had cooked a special dinner just for you,  Good luck with everything,  Will tell anyone I know coming to new Orleans where to go to get  a great meal and at a very decent price. Thanks for your outstanding hospitality.Had to give a least one star in order to post a review. However, don't know if the food or service was any good. The reason. They say they open at 5pm. At about 5:10pm a group of six people were already waiting at the door to enter. They were joined by the two in our party.
After waiting to 5:20pm in the humid heat, we all left. Now in these days of lean spending I would think any establishment would be happy to see eight patrons, but I guess our time or money isn't important. Don't waste your time making a trip to a closed restaurant.Went for brunch on a Sunday afternoon and everything was phenomenal! I love that they offer brunch until 6 pm.Starting a Saturday night off with "the Sideburns" in the Elvis bar was a precursor for the great evening in store. The bar is cozy and the courtyard amazing. My wife was drinking Moscow Mules out of copper mugs-like they're supposed to be served. Then we went in the main dining room replete with NOLA memorabilia that will spur natives' memories and visitors will marvel over. Our entrees were as good as the atmosphere. It was a brand new menu and I had the courtboullion which was delicious.  My wife had the duck and lived it. It's truly a great dining experience for locals and tourists alike.This place is a hidden gem! Came here for an early dinner. Since the weather was nice, we decided to sit outside. The courtyard is really cute! In the evening, once it got dark, they had lights around the trees. The patio chairs weren't that comfortable to eat a meal, more for lounging with a drink...but they had some really quaint patio furniture (I had my eye on a hanging round chair).
However, we found out that they don't serve their full menu in the outside patio bar, so we had to order from the appetizer menu. Not that's a big deal because everything on the appetizer menu still looked good. I also ordered a sazerac, and good, albeit  bit strong for my taste. For food, we ordered the oysters, garlic shrimp, ribs, pommes dauphine, and the jumbo lump crab.   Everything was really delicious! Incredibly flavorful and bold.I was excited to come here to eat mainly because I am a sucker for courtyards, the name of it, and that their menu looked quite appealing to me. The courtyard was definitely more beautiful in person than I imagined. Unfortunately when we got there at 6:30 they were only limited to appetizers after 6 which was a let down. We sat in the courtyard and went ahead and ordered drinks and appetizers. We got the crabcake, gumbo, and loaded pommes. I personally only enjoyed the gumbo. The rest of the appetizers we ordered were quite mediocre. The pommes was airy and tasteless and I feel the crabcake could have had more to it. Something I also noticed was that almost every table ordered the house sangria which made me feel inclined to get it because it must be good if everyone is ordering it. Indeed it was delicious and I definitely recommend it! To put the icing on the cake I really enjoyed the live music performances they had when I was there which was totally unexpected. It was a very pleasant surprise for me and my boyfriend. Overall we had a very nice time because the atmosphere was completely on point. I just wish we could have arrived earlier to try the main food.Small portions. Foods not great. The place is legit though. Feels like they're are trying a little too hard, but stuck in expensive mediocrity.I can't comprehend the high ratings noted below.
We walked in to Feelings and waited at the "Wait to be seated" station, which was vacant.  It remained so for a long time, so I heard voices in the bar and went there.  One of the three people there (jokingly?) said "Oh, we have a restaurant?".  We were seated in the dim, empty (Saturday night at 7 PM) room.
The entrees did not appear particularly interesting, so we decided to graze the appetizers.  The chicken wings were utterly uninteresting, I ate two and quit.  They seemed to have been simply reheated from the refrigerator.  "Crab cakes" were similarly boring, and have a feeling were from a Sam's Club box.  A fried oyster app was chalky but edible.  The wings were brought home but not yet eaten, the crab cake tossed, the oysters eaten.  
This restaurant meets my 1* requirement, I would fall an injure myself to avoid it.Very cool space. Great original food. Good service. Courtney was amazing and attentive!After reading the reviews I was excited to try this establishment. Setting was nice courtyard looked nice but rain ruled it out for dining. I was disappointed in the rather limited menu options. I opted with the shrimp small plate which was good but not up to my expectations. My guests opted for burgers which they said were very good. I'd recommend a slightly broader menu. The peanut butter pie was very good! 
Update: I left an honest review of this restaurant where I expected a few more options and I was rebuked by someone from the restaurant telling me to go check out the Cheesecake Factory. How very unprofessional! 
The attacks continue on my review, somehow the restaurant representative took my "Limited menu" comment and twisted it to mean I was looking for a "huge" menu which is not the case at all. I did say a "few more options" would be nice. I travel extensively and never eat at the chain big box restaurants that you also just accused me of frequenting. If you can't take a little criticism then I would suggest you find another line of work.It's great.  The staff and the food.  They have changed the courtyard and the main seating area and I like it.   I thoroughly enjoy their drinks and all of the food that i have tried has been great.  Love the Gumbo and The Shrimp and Grits.  Quiet, Romantic and Beautiful.Fun setting. Attentive staff. 2 of the cocktails were very stiff, too stiff for our guests (this not a usual complaint in New Orleans). Peanut butter pie was not that interesting. Overall a very good evening in the courtyard.We were headed to Paladar when we ran across this amazing brunch place. We saw that it was new on Yelp and didn't have very many reviews.
When we walked in, they said the courtyard is full but they can totally seat us in the dining room. The dining room didn't look very appealing, but the courtyard looked amazing.
I played their piano in the dining room while we waited to be seated.
Once we were seated, the servers were very nice and helpful.
The courtyard is beautiful, there is a disco ball hidden among the trees that the sun shines on and little flecks of light dance all over the walls.
We ordered the Eggs Sardou, Puffed Potatoes, Smothered Green Beans, and the Cesar Salad.
Everything was great. The Potato bites were sort of like hashbrowns, but these were infused with cheddar and came with a light creamy sauce. 
The Eggs Sardou were two perfectly poached eggs covered in hollandaise and surrounded by fried oysters and halved cherry tomatoes with chopped green onions sprinkled about.
The Cesar salad was great. Fresh lettuce with grains, and corn and large shaved slices of parmesan cheese.
The smothered green beans were nothing to write home about.
The only suggestions I would have is to get portable patio umbrellas to provide shade when the sun shines directly into the courtyard.
I also think they could do much more with their dining room. Maybe they could make their dining room more like their courtyard, maybe they could even make one of the walls of the dining room such that it could be opened up to create a continuous space with the outside.
The service here is fantastic. The food is excellent. You should totally check this place out.I'm from Texas so we are trying to find the "local greats". This place was amazing. Ronnie was a great server and very personable. The ambiance was good as well, music wasn't too loud. I got the gumbo and it was delicious. Some of the best I've ever had. Then, topped it off with the peanut butter pie- A MUST! Great little place.Update: I find it interesting that the owner of this business would assume that I did not report any of these issues to the waitress that served me. This website is intended to give an honest review of my experience with an establishment. It is not intended to "bully" anyone or have a vendetta. I don't own a business, and I certainly have no vendetta.
Also, asking me not to return to your business after I provided an honest review of how disappointed I was is strange. I wouldn't be planning to return anyway.
If giving my honest review of an establishment after reporting my disappointment to the business is a problem, then we should just get rid of Yelp. That's the purpose.
---
I have to be honest... I was SO excited to visit this spot. I WANTED to love it.  The menu looked so good, as did the cocktails. But no, it did not cut it. Not at all.
This place is absolutely the most disgusting, overpriced food I have ever had in my life.
The steak had no flavor except for the bleu cheese on it. The duck tasted like rubber. We actually had to return it and get another chicken sandwich because it was ice cold and had zero flavor. 
The only decent item was a fried chicken sandwich - and really, how can you NOT mess that up?
At that point I didn't even bother ordering dessert or getting another drink. I was so disappointed.Enjoyed brunch in lovely surroundings including a French 75 prepared by an Experienced bartender. Locals have long awaited this opening under new management and very happy with the results. Brunch menu has many offerings including gumbo with a scoop of potato salad in it! Duck pastrami hash and juevos rancheros were expertly prepared. A hidden gem in the Marigny; hope more people discover.A most excellent experience. This evening was nice for quiet dining and relaxing. We slowly worked our way through appetizers and drinks. A very nice evening. Atmosphere was relaxed and friendly. Service was prompt and attentive. 
Definitely a nice place to pass an evening.After reading the reviews I was excited to try this establishment. Setting was nice courtyard looked nice but rain ruled it out for dining. I was disappointed in the rather limited menu options. I opted with the shrimp small plate which was good but not up to my expectations. My guests opted for burgers which they said were very good. I'd recommend a slightly broader menu. The peanut butter pie was very good!Don't be a pretentious vegan, i am a strict vegetarian and this place does not disappoint.  Great music too!The food, the drinks, and the service was amazing. Ryan was our waiter and made sure we had full glasses and good food. Everything was perfect, our food came out hot and delicious. The drinks were tasty and delicious, with average size drinks. All in all I had a blast here.  The outdoor sitting area was cool with the Halloween decorations and music.  If you are looking for a good time and good food and great drinks look no farther folks this place has it all. I will definitely be coming back and bringing some people with me.After reading the reviews I was excited to try this establishment. Setting was nice courtyard looked nice but rain ruled it out for dining. I was disappointed in the rather limited menu options. I opted with the shrimp small plate which was good but not up to my expectations. My guests opted for burgers which they said were very good. I'd recommend a slightly broader menu. The peanut butter pie was very good! 
Update: I left an honest review of this restaurant where I expected a few more options and I was rebuked by someone from the restaurant telling me to go check out the Cheesecake Factory. How very unprofessional!Such a great experience eating here! Out of all the most charming buildings in New Orleans, this is definitely one of them. Talk about beautiful courtyards...
Feelings is small and quaint, but the perfect intimate space for a date night, or even a great place to take a private party.
We love how much they switch up the menu, the place always stays fresh and exciting, while still sticking to their contemporary Louisiana style.
Some personal favorites that have remained menu staples are the pig wings & the shrimp remoulade.
This is one of our Marigny favorites!!!!!Food was fair, if get the Mexican guy with glasses be prepared to be here a WHILE. Took 20 minutes to get a drink, went downhill from there. And it was 5 PM, not full. But great roof top view!I moved to New Orleans 6 months ago. And I went here for lunch for one day recently. This was the most satisfying meal I have had since I have been here. The service is great and the Nola decor is a lot of fun. Great place!How to begin?   I made a reservation on line, informing the establishment it was our anniversary. I would like a table in the corner by an open window/door.  We arrived a few minutes early and were immediately shown to a table for two by the restrooms and kitchen door.   When we asked for another we were given the table next to the buffet.  Where it is crammed against a wall so that the only view is the staffs rear end as they do their tickets.   Terribly disappointing.   
We ordered the king creole and the egg rolls.  The king creole was wonderful but it is not an appetizer to share as it is so small and minuscule, at the price point of being the most expensive item on the menu in the appetizer category it was not OMG to die for.    The egg rolls were mushy in the center and left me wondering if they were undercooked.   The last time we had the Boudin balls and they were far superior in taste and texture.   The main course he had the pork loin with black eyed peas and greens.   He liked it.  And I had the chicken with peas and potatoes.   Now look at your thumb.  Imagine it cut in half length wise and that is the size of the potato that was on my plate.   The green pees were undercooked and the chicken nuggets were stringy and I could have had the same experience and taste at KFC.     
Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  But for some reason the "Floor Manager" kept hovering around. He made sure to let all the waitresses know who was in charge and that he would handle it all.   I don't know he just got on my nerve when he poured the remainder of my beverage over the watered down portion in the glass.   And when I told him he could take the water he declined.      
All in all I was disappointed in the quality and the experience.   A 100 dollars for two. Was not a memorable night. But you live and learn.   The two stars is for our waitress who did a wonderful job.   
1.   Did I not make a reservation requesting a corner table by an open door and window?   
2. Did I not back at a table against a wall by the kitchen and bathroom doors?    
This showed my requests were going to be ignored.  
3 Did I not request no water for me?  
4.  When water was served to me did I not request it be removed?    
Again the lack of acknowledgment of my request were ignored.  
5    The fact that I ordered the chicken with roasted potatoes. And there was one small slice of potato. 
6.  Listening to the "floor Manager" crow over his position 
Was the epitome of the night.   The fact that instead of apologizing for the lack of acknowledging the failures and the ensuing  insult, of my experience of the evening is even more proof as to why the evening was less then appealing.    Please reaching out to a disgruntled patron does not involve having the waitress tell said patron to go to "KFC next time".    It involves correspondence and communication.  My story and rating has not changed.  Nor has my opinion of the service or food standard.    
Update after 5 months of my not visiting this business.  The management? Owner? Or what ever. Has decided to try public humiliation to make me remove my review.   There is a site called Kitchen Jezebel where businesses can go to publicly humiliate or bully patrons into removing or deleting a bad review.   Instead of working on the problems and please note. I am not the only one with the same complaint. And I am not the only one that has left a poor review and everyone who has?   Has been posted to the Jezebel site.   Never once was an apology offered.  Over and over in every answer they have provided myself and other then less kind reviews they have insulted and justified their actions.  In a city where there are literally 100's of eating establishments.  You would think that they would work on the Management and their business persona.    Because much like it did back in April?  It still sucks.    Good luck.   With this child like behavior of retaliation you will only prove yourself as an immature business.   Jezebel?. Really grow upAbsolutely love Yelp because it continues to help me find amazing off the beaten path non tourist trap restaurants like this. The oysters were spot-on the crab cakes or as good as any I had when I lived briefly in Maryland and the chicken dish was perfectly fried with a succulent gravyHooray for the neighborhood restaurant! Dependable and good. I had a great crab cake and the oysters were delicious! Best of all the bartender knew how to make a proper gin martini!Awesome waiter! Delicious food! Coolinary menu was amazing. The oysters, shrimp & grits, and peanut butter pie were to die for. The hamburger was delicious as well. This place has a great vibe. We sat outside by choice (it was a tad warm), but I loved the atmosphere. Definitely put this place on your radar!Okay let's talk about that ribeye poutine. Devilishly delicious. They say it's for sharing and that's true for size, but I'm wishing I would have gone solo for the leftovers. Truly, they employ the sweetest people - Courtney is a delight and the bartender poured the best old fashioned I've had in New Orleans. Excited to return!Amazing New Orleans fare!! Great for a funky date night. Went a few months ago. loved all our courses and the red wine. Will be going back!Have only heard my dad talk about this place so was never really interested. Went tonight and was blown away by the food, the service, the atmosphere, drinks and prices. This is the real gem of New Orleans! Finally a restaurant with an upbeat feel, (awesome music mix) great courtyard lounge, drinks on point, best shrimp and grits in town! Well worth our trip from lakeview.So this was my first time at the New Feelings Cafe, and let me just say it was superb!! I first had drinks at the Elvis bar with Ryan who was super friendly and let me sample a few of their house infused vodkas. I then moved into the most quaint courtyard where Courtney served me brunch. The oyster mandich was stellar as well as my country Benedict. The music could have been better. It was reminiscent of an old gay bar in the 80's. But over all my experience was amazing and I highly recommend it!! Thanks guys and keep up the good workAmazing eggs benedict and cheese grits in a lovely garden patio in a local neighborhood free of touristsHow to begin?   I made a reservation on line, informing the establishment it was our anniversary. I would like a table in the corner by an open window/door.  We arrived a few minutes early and were immediately shown to a table for two by the restrooms and kitchen door.   When we asked for another we were given the table next to the buffet.  Where it is crammed against a wall so that the only view is the staffs rear end as they do their tickets.   Terribly disappointing.   
We ordered the king creole crab and the egg rolls.  The king creole was wonderful but it is not an appetizer to share as it is so small and minuscule, at the price point of being the most expensive item on the menu in the appetizer category it was not OMG to die for.    The egg rolls were mushy in the center and left me wondering if they were undercooked.   The last time we had the Boudin balls and they were far superior in taste and texture.   The main course he had the pork loin with black eyed peas and greens.   He liked it.  And I had the chicken with peas and potatoes.   Now look at your thumb.  Imagine it cut in half length wise and that is the size of the potato that was on my plate.   The green pees were undercooked and the chicken nuggets were stringy and I could have had the same experience and taste at KFC.     
Our waitress was very sweet and attentive.  But for some reason the "Floor Manager" kept hovering around. He made sure to let all the waitresses know who was in charge and that he would handle it all.   I don't know he just got on my nerve when he poured the remainder of my beverage over the watered down portion in the glass.   And when I told him he could take the water he declined.      
All in all I was disappointed in the quality and the experience.   A 100 dollars for two. Was not a memorable night. But you live and learn.   The two stars is for our waitress who did a wonderful job.
Wow. I am sorry I hurt our waitresses feelings.   But my review is honest and my feelings.  The French fry size of the single potato on my plate and the stringy fried chicken were not the delectable meal I expected.  Nor did it compare to our previous visits here.  I did not complain or create a scene or comment as I have found it if little use,   I had asked for my water to. BE removed.  It was left.  We were not given a corner table. We had our backs to the window and a view of the kitchen and bathroom doors. On angling my chair to see my husband I had a view of the waitress station.  I find it appalling that a waitress should take offense at my perception of my experience.  And the advise to go to KFC for my next anniversary?   Yes this place is a real class act and the staff is obliviously low brow in customer service.We had a large party of 14, for my wife's birthday ---Sunday Brunch.  We had a few drinks at the bar and in the courtyard and I noticed the updated look of the courtyard and bar and was very pleased what the new ownership had done-- great feeling and relaxed atmosphere. 
Brunch was great.  We never felt rushed and the wait staff took great care of us. Also, for having such a large party, all food was delivered at one time and everything was delicious.
The Boudin eggrolls were fantastic.  The fried chicken and Hop Jacks, BLFGT, and  Huevos Rancheros  were spot on and everyone loved the food and service.  
One of the best things about Feelings is you can have an Intimate dinner, a large group, cocktails and apps, or just a casual everyday dinner.  Make sure you try the signature cocktails from the "Elvis Bar" they are amazing.Had the west African curry fish and the Korean BBQ burger. Both were great. I liked the burger a little more than the fish. Fries than came with burger had amazing seasoning.  Had a mule and pokey punch drink. Both were very good. For dessert we had the peanut butter pie and it was awesome. I recommend you come try this place out.I met some friends for Happy Hour one day after work and the music was BLASTING so loud into the courtyard that we couldn't hear each other.  We went for nice ambiance  and conversation and I was disappointed in how "casual" the staff was even though they were open for business.  Just because the place isn't packed doesn't mean the staff should make the few customers there feel as though they aren't worth professional behavior. Tighten it up, New  Feelings.  The ambiance was Killed by this miserable display of childish, unprofessional behavior.Love the ambiance the courtyard here has to offer and also thoroughly enjoyed the food! My friend and I tried the Classic Shrimp Remoulade and the Roasted Beets to start, followed by the Cheeseburger and the Chicken Clemenceau, and the Coffee Flan and Chocolate Lava Cake to finish! I'd highly recommend any of those options. Also, there is a good wine selection.The shrimp and grits were absolutely AMAZING!!!!!! Hands down the best meal I've had in awhile!!!!