I don't know when I'll order anything else outside of the Cajun Cubaneaux. The jalapeño aioli on toast alone would be good. The pork loin has the right amount of spice. It's a pretty clever take.We stumbled across this place while exploring the St. Roch Market. WOW!  Everything we ate from here was simply delicious. My friend and I both had the shrimp and grits and I actually had to slow down. I was eating much too fast, almost inhaling it, but what a decadent dish. The  grits were creamy and melted in my mouth. The tomato based sauce was rich and spicy.  The shrimp were large and fresh. So good !  I thought there may have been some okra swimming around in there as well. The shrimp and grits came in a decent sized bowl for $10.00. We were served by a young man named Anthony. What a charming, friendly and all around warm ambassador for Fete au Fete. We came back a few days later and had the trash grits. How delicious were they? Grits cooked with pulled pork, cheese, and scallions. a poached egg is placed on top and dusted with what looked like paprika. Anthony explained that you dip your spoonful of trash grits into the egg yolk. It was a heavenly dish. If I were a local I would eat at Fete au Fete several times a week. Cannot wait to stop here on my next trip to New Orleans.I wish they had gumbo...
Shrimp Poboy was all the rave on yelp so I went for it.  Decent amount of shrimp but they were small and simply sauteed with seasoning not really blackened.  The bread was just bad. It was a giant hotdog roll. They should have used french bread.  It was toasted on the inside but not the outside so it was just soft and doughy bread.  The tomato "relish" didnt seem to be more than marinated tomatoes. Not sure what they were marinated in - you couldnt really tell. They were just soft. The main flavor was remoulade.  Arugula was a nice touch but I think this poboy could have been better. For $10, I'd rather go to Lilly's for a bahn mi ($7) or even spend a little more for killer poboy.
Dont go out of your way for this poboy but if its in the area its a decent option.I liked this place so much on the first visit, I came again on my 5 day trip to New Orleans..... Unfortunately, the second time was not as good as the first.....but still alright. I love that they have a sampler platter....it allowed a friend and I to try many Cajun dishes without having to buy all of said dishes. We liked everything, but thought the shrimp and grits were the best. We also tried a quarter muffaletta and it was alright.... I think my friend and I just aren't muffaletta people. If you're in this neighborhood, be sure to check this place out.We were looking for something very authentic, local cuisine without expending a tone and this was the perfect choise! The crawfish poutine was spectacular! Wished it never ended! Very recommended. AndKing Creole was our first foray into the local food truck scene, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Based out of Greensboro/Burlington, Chef Micah Martello creates Louisiana inspired dishes from scratch. The food truck menu changes and we tried four dishes on this visit. Gumbo Yaya with Shrimp, Andouille and Smoked Chicken: A thick, rich, brown gravy/okra stew filled with chunks of chicken, shrimp, and andouille covered a bed of white rice. The smoky flavor of the tender chicken stood out and the spicy kick of the well-seasoned dish got our attention. This down to earth, hearty gumbo was filling and satisfied our craving for something spicy.
Shrimp and Tasso Grits: The smooth, yellow grits were topped with green onions, sausage, chopped tomato, shrimp and a creamy sauce. The shrimp were excellently prepared, cooked to the exact point of doneness and not a bit further. The decadently rich sauce was full of flavor and didn't overpower the delicate shrimp. The shrimp and grits were far better than what we've had in a lot sit-down restaurants.
Jambalaya with Smoked Chicken and Sausage: The jambalaya had some spice to it, and there was a bottle of Crystal Hot Sauce if you needed more heat. The chunks of chicken were so tender and moist that they shredded apart without any effort. We noticed tiny snippets of color from green and red peppers. There was plenty of meat to the ratio of rice. 
Red Beans and Rice with Grilled Sausage: A sausage had been split and grilled to add a bit of brown crispness to the outside. The sausage crowned the beans and rice. The red beans had simmered until they made a thickened broth. The spicy heat married everything together. We made sure to get some of the rice, beans and sausage on each forkful to create the ideal bite. 
Several folks recommended the Shrimp Poboy with jalapeno remoulade whenever it's on the menu, and I want to try the Caramel Bread Pudding too. King Creole also caters events like office luncheons and wedding receptions. Follow them on Twitter (@kcfoodtruck) or check out their calendar to find out where they're going to be. Please check out our food blog at http://foodandbrewreview.wordpress.com/2014/03/12/roving-royalty-king-creole/.I got hooked on King Creole's food after my first taste of their trash grits. OH. MY. GOSH! It took me a while before I would order anything else but the trash grits, but I have since also tried the crawfish poutine, the shrimp & grits, and the red beans & rice. Everything is amazing. And the owner is super nice. Just go already!So bummed about our experience. We were there on Saturday night 9/1/18 around 8pm. There was no one at the counter, but they were very clearly open. We were excited about the menu. So we waited around for the person to arrive. The person finally showed up. Saw us there, didn't say a word, then went back to the back of the market. Giving them the benefit of the doubt, we stayed and waited. When we were finally acknowledged, they were not very friendly, we ordered the sampler and waiting a very long time while our food was prepared. We were sitting directly in front of the booth and could see that our food was being prepared. However, when they finally set it on the counter, I took it over to our table and immediately dug in... it was cold. How? I'm not sure I watched and waited that whole time. I'm not sure what was being done if the food wasn't even warm. Otherwise, the étouffée had  great flavor. The grits were dry as a bone. The soupie part of the shrimp and grits tasted great (also cold) but the grits sat on top of it in a solid, dry grit ball. 
Had the place not gotten busy (after we had our food), I would have mentioned it, but it just seemed like more of an effort than it was worth. 
Like I said, bummed.Holy Poutine! The poutine here is atypical to what I've had in the past. For one, they give potato cuts rather than fries. The crawfish poutine that I had was satisfying and had me craving more. The portion was small but the gravy aspect was wholesome and amazing. I didn't get full off it, so I guess it's just enough to make one yearn for more. The texture was like a curry and had some spice. They were generous with the crawfish, which was super soft. St. Roch market is a neat place with food stands, good seating, and a lot of inventive food options.I came back here again on Saturday and ordered the Crawfish Poutine.  It was delicious, hot and a fresh little kick of spicy just perfect!  I ordered a biscuit on the side that honey butter is incredible.  I can't wait to come back!I could eat trash grits every week of my life. Love the atmosphere of St. Roch Market!Awesome!!! My wife and myself along with our son tried the BBQ Shrimp Po-Boy, the Crawfish Etouffee, Jambalaya, Shrimp and grits and the red beans and rice this weekend! Everything was fantastic and we couldn't have been more pleased! Can't wait to visit them again! I've never been to NO to compare the food, but I was totally impressed!!This place was amazing . Our cook name was Renee and she had such a beautiful personality . Me and my girlfriend visited here from Philly we ordered the shrimp and grits and trash grits with a biscuit I must say I love the food and we will be coming back very soon . By the way the biscuits are soooooooo big and good & everything is made from scratch soooo gooodBLUF:  This review is for the food truck.  It was awesome.  Original twist on creole foods.
This truck gets parked outside of Second Line Brewery in MidCity on weekends.  Went last night and it was great.  I got the crawfish poutine.  It was dang good but a little too spicy for me.  It was thick breakfast style potato fries smothered in crawfish ettoufee.  It was really good; cheesy, creamy, lots of crawfish.  Just a little too spicy for my tastes (I am weak when it comes to spice).
My wife got the cheesy grits.  it was a large portion of very very cheesy grits which were awesome. that was topped with a sizable portion of pulled pork and a fried egg.  It was amazing.  I was glad I got what I got but I secretly wanted to swap.  Hers was incredible.
Prices were great considering the quality and quantity.  It was also really quick.  Nice people.  I'll def go back to the food truck and try more things.I honestly cannot say enough wonderful things about Fete au Fete after having them cater my wedding. From the very beginning, Karen was incredibly responsive to my many, many questions, and she and Micah went out of their way to accommodate our guests' dietary restrictions while preserving the authentic New Orleans flavor of their dishes.
It rained FOUR inches the day of our wedding, so it quickly became apparent that serving food out of the truck would not be an option. Karen, Micah, and their team jumped into action, setting up serving stations inside our venue and doing everything in their power to make it work. Because they set up an amazing spread for my husband and me to eat during a quick quiet moment after the ceremony, I honestly didn't give the food setup a second thought during the reception. It must have been great though, because our guests haven't stopped raving about the food. I've also heard from several people that the servers were incredibly friendly and patient in fielding questions from guests about ingredients, whether dishes were vegetarian, etc.
Also, it's probably worth mentioning that Fete au Fete turned out to be an amazingly affordable alternative to traditional wedding catering...and in the end, it tastes way better than most wedding food anyway. BOOK THEM. You won't regret it.I had the best shrimp and grits here! Hilary and Mr. Carey were super friendly and I enjoyed my lunch there. I'm only in NOLA for a couple of days but I hope to return to Fete au Fete for breakfast!The shrimp and grits were awesome! Also, I was pleasantly surprised with crawfish and potatoes, rice and beans, and gumbo dishes! Such a nice venue to visit and taste. Highly recommended!The Cajun cubaneaux was hands down the best sandwich I've ever had. St. Roche market is awesome, so much for food, but our of everything 10 of us ordered there was no question this was the best.Service was fast but the shrimp and grits were an insult to the dish. I forgot that New Orleans "Louisiana" dishes are often tomato based. My shrimp and grits were closer to tomato soup over grits. Would not recommend to anyone.Oh my! Another reviewer said the Crawfish Poutine would be their last meal. My response to that is til death do us part. It is amazing and definitely on my favorite NOLA dishes short list. Not to mention their cornbread was the best I've ever had.Today was my first time at King Creole, now called  Fete au Fete StrEatery.  Wow what fantastic food. My son and I also had samples before ordering.  Yummy red sauce shrimp and grits,  crayfish creole,  and red beans and rice. The seasoning tastey but not to spicey and plenty of food to eat. You can eat inside or outside. There was a vendor with beautiful deserts to finish the meal  with.   You must stop for a bite to eat.  It can be found in the St. Roch Market. What a gem of a place.Wow, great Creole food. Had the shrimp and grits with a side of jambalaya  for lunch today. Wonderful!  Sampled the hot sausage po-boy with onions and peppers.  Also delicious.  The King Creole Food Truck is a great addition to the Piedmont food scene.To preface, it was a busy event. That being said, I ordered two orders of the "Trash Grits". They were charging nine dollars for a condiment dish sized amount of polenta, repeat polenta (not grits), with no seasoning, an unmelted slice of gouda, and a little bit of pot boiled pulled pork, and it took them an hour and fifteen minutes to get to it. Again, it was busy, but a heads up would be nice. Also, it's a food truck. Don't put anyone inside of it that can't help with cooking. It's not a great system to have someone taking orders that isn't contributing to making them, in any sense. Wonderful that they could take 30-50 orders without having an order line, but then you pay ahead, and are stuck waiting for more than an hour. Anyway, food was bland, too expensive, and they, for over an hour, ruined my date.Food is decent. But be aware that advertising on Yelp that you can get discount for checking in this place is not true. When we showed it to a waitress, she looked at us with empty eyes and said she had no idea what it was. Our suggest to figure it out was ignored.Yum, yum, yum.  I love the crawfish poutine.  Didn't go to the food truck-went to location at Roch market.  The place is a little hipster-annoying, but I could have eaten ten bowls.Tried to order the poutine here, and was told in a very whiny voice that I couldn't because "I would have to wait in line for the frier, and I don't want to wait in line for the frier. So there's nothing I can do."The man catered my wedding! In New Orleans! I don't know what other amazing things to say about this place other than I spent the money for him to come to New Orleans and cater the wedding. And.. to top it all off... All my guest who were from out of town (my whole family) said that King Creoles food was the best they had in the City. The Whole City of New Orleans. I don't know what else to say, people!Came to this very cool spot in the St. Roch market after a recommendation from one of the people who work here. The chicken biscuits and gravy I got  was delicious- the chicken was moist, the gravy was rich, and the biscuits were flavorful. Would definitely come here again!We had the King Creole food truck at our wedding. They were fantastic! They got the food out fast and efficient, everyone raved about the food, and most importantly we thought everything was delicious! The grits were definitely a fan fave, it's been 3 weeks since we got married and people are still talking about them. Whether you go there just to eat or hire them for an event, I couldn't recommend them more.I was blown away by what I ordered and the low price as well. Top quality creole. I ordered shrimp and grits, crawfish poutine and a side of jalapeño corn bread. The corn bread is not too dry and also not an overwhelming heat to it but a perfect jalapeño flavor. It went well with both dishes. The crawfish poutine was soooo good. Perfectly cooked crispy potatoes topped with just the right amount of cheese with an etouffee style crawfish topping. Not skimpy on the crawfish at all. Little bit of heat but not hot. I ate the whole bowl before turning my attention toward the shrimp and grits. Lots of large chunks of ham or tasso in with the shrimp with a good portion of yellow grits. A little spicier but still just as amazing. Ok can't wait to go back!Wow your dirty rice is OFF THE CHAINZ! I want more I want more!
Your red pepper aioli sauce is also perfect! I say perfect! 
The blackened  pork chop is good, but compared to the rest of your items, it's not as on point. It's a bit hard and not juicy enough, a little dry and on the burnt side. I thought the "blackened" park would be more of a woody flavor instead. 
Your crawfish etouffe is equally amazing, a bit expensive since it's $10 but hey, I am not complaining. 
I will be back to try your shrimp and grits! 
If you are a real restaurant I think I would dine there daily, heck, if you are not in Burlington and is nearby Winston, I'd also eat there daily. 
You guys embody the epitome of street food, wholesome, family cooking, with big taste and flavors! It's not about the ambiance but the people you are with, the good food and defying the stereotype that good food is only served in restaurants. Would have earned 5 stars from me if the wait isn't as long. Please work on a way of streamlining the process without compromising on taste!I am Canadian and I can say with authority that their crawfish poutine is NOT poutine... BUT... Oh my God is it ever good. I mean really good. It is so good that it can use the name "poutine" without evoking my (polite) Canadian anger.
Seriously, it is fantastic, and I am super happy that I have tried it. I highly recommend it.
My one tip is to bring a bun so you can use it to get every last delicious spot of their gravy into your mouth. I am sad that I don't have a bun. I might lick the bowl clean and have no shame about this at all.While at secondline brewery we tried out this truck. The food was on point! The trash grits were very good and I'm grits fanatic. The Cajun cubaneux was also good and flavorful without being too heavy. The couple with us had half a muff and they were very pleased with it, and they know muffulettas. I didn't taste their muff as it didn't last long but looking at it, it appeared not as thick and dense as muffulettas I'm used to around town. 
   Long and short I'll eat something from this truck whenever I see them.The sweet potato hash with sausage & shrimp and the sausage and chicken jambalaya were both awesome. Very flavorful and just enough spiciness to make me feel badass but not too much that I couldn't eat it. The guy that took our order (maybe an owner?) has celiac so he's was very helpful identifying gluten-free dishes for us.I keep going back and it only gets better. I had the red beans and rice most recently. I swear if I ever have a choice of my last meal - it would be the Crawfish Poutine.I don't know when I'll order anything else outside of the Cajun Cubaneaux. The jalapeño aioli on toast alone would be good. It's a pretty clever take.First time to SRM, walked the loop and came back for shrimp and grits and a bloody from the bar across the way. A little chaotic nearby due to the noise inside so didn't hear my order called, but after I realized it was mine (2x asked), I settled into a huge feast and stuffed out stupor after my meal. Not near as good as rslipper's but super filling and healthy from the starch, butter, sausie and shrimp perspective (plus all the veggies in your glass).....This was a great experience! The atmosphere at St Roch Market is very friendly and welcoming!
The girl that took our order had a huge smile on her face the whole time and made a big fuss about how cute my niece is. 
After she made some suggestions we decided on the Crawfish Poutine. It was perfectly made and in a timely manner.  
After dinner we tried the watermelon salad with goat cheese and blackberry vinaigrette which was fantastic!  I highly recommend it!
King Creole was an overall fantastic experience, I can see myself becoming a regular very quickly
It definitely gets 5 stars from me!I got the crawfish poutine and my husband got the trash grits. Both were great and trash grits, albeit not the healthiest choice took us to food heaven.They came to Virginia International Raceway outside of Danville for the big Tudor IMSA  race weekend in August.  Absolutely the best food there!   I had the jambalaya.  If you can find this truck at an event or making their regular rounds, get in line!  You will not be disappointed.  Another reviewer gives the menu rundown so I won't repeat.  I AM a Fan!I was searching for food nearby our hotel and King Creole food truck came up. The rain just so happened to come down pouring.. Hard! We were a little discouraged to go out and make that trek for some crawfish poutine. Luckily we had a car and drove! To be honest, we thought we were going to a proper food truck with wheels and having to stand in the rain etc.. 
To our surprise, we found St Roch's market and I am so glad we did! What drew me to this spot was their crawfish poutine but we actually ended up ordering the trio just to try a bit of everything! It came with: crawfish poutine, beans/rice, and shrimp & grits! It was a good amount for one person so I wish the BF ordered his own LOL! We loved it all! Everything was deadly!Amazing! Got the Nola Trio which has crawfish poutine, red beans & rice, and shrimp & grits. I was skeptical of the crawfish poutine initially but I devoured it! The rice & beans and shrimp & grits were perfect twists on classic Louisiana dishes. Definite must try!Wow my taste buds went crazy as soon as I bit into my BBQ shrimp Po-Boy from this  Cajun food truck.  For a girl who puts BBQ shrimp as one of her top three favorite foods of all time let's say I was impressed.  Everyone can agree that a good Po-Boy starts with killer bread.  The french bread that held together this spicy sandwich was as fresh as fresh could be. Between the crusty French bread a scrumptious filling of BBQ shrimp, spicy remoulade sauce, all topped with fresh peppery arugula. 
As I manned the Yelp booth at the DTR Food Truck Rodeo I was depending on my sister and brother-in-law to pick out some food for me to sample.  They were spot on with King Creole.  I also had a few bites of the Crawfish Etouffee and once again I was not disappointed.  I've visited NOLA pretty recently and I have tried a lot of Cajun and Creole food - let's just say King Creole really knows how to cook up some popular NOLA style dishes.
I hope to see this truck around town again soon, they reside in the Triad but visit the Triangle often.  I will be tracking you down King Creole!800 reviews!
The crawfish poutine was amazing, crawfish, potatoes, cheese and etouffee.  This is a gooey, cheesey, tasty dish that will quickly fill you up.  It's more like roasted potatoes with cheesy crawfish etouffee, but call it whatever you want, as long as you keep making it.
The shrimp and grits were terrific too, lot's of spice and flavor with the shrimp and thick cheesy grits.  Perhaps not the most traditional shrimp and grits that I've had, but delicious.
The red beans and rice were also amazing, very smokey flavor with a lot of spices.  Much better than many other places that I've tried.  
It's hard to pick a favorite, I would recommend getting the sampler so that you don't miss out on any of it.
They also serve a hot muffuletta here.  This is sadly, after my third trip to New Orleans the only muffuletta that I have tried.  It was good, I liked the olive spread, but I would not order it over the other things on the menu here.  It reminds me of a pretty typical sandwich that you would find in the North East.I was very excited to try Fete Au Fete at Chloe's food truck friday in Zachary and it was delicious! The service was quick even though they were slammed. I ordered the filthy fries and the flavor was amazing. They were super hot when I got them, the fries were cooked to perfection, the meat was delicious, and that gravy is so good. I was very disappointed in the lack of meat though I got maybe two or three bites with meat in it. There was also very little cheese maybe a sprinkles worth. They were basically gravy fries which is alright but I was expecting more for $8. My Mama got the Trash Grits which were phenomenal! I quickly realized I ordered the wrong thing, those grits were lacking nothing! I would definitely order those again if I had the chance.One of my favorite places to eat in the whole world. Crawfish etoufee poutine is AMAZING and delicious red beans and rice! I dream about it in between meals all the time.This place is great pick for those out of town since they have a trio sampler with classic shrimp and grits, crawfish pontine, and rice and red beans. Overall, the crawfish poutine was the best. Very solid and delicious but also very heavy. The shrimp in the shrimp and grits was over cooked and was rubberyish and lukewarm. The rice and red beans was okay but lukewarm. 
It was nice to have the variety but the food quality was subpar to the rest of New Orleans.While presentation was good, the food was nauseating .....literally.  The shrimp and grits has lots of shrimp and sausage but had a tomato based gravy that has a strong sour undertone that turned my stomach and made me physically ill.  I was only able to eat the grits that were untouched by the gravy.  The biscuit  and sausage gravy were not much better.  Minimal in flavor and not able to stomach much of that dish either because of the peculiar choice of sausage.  I wasted my money and was nauseated for the next few hours.Disappointed I only had the breakfast, it was awesome so I have to come back for dinner. We had the biscuit and gravy which was good but the trash grits were over the top. Cheese grits covered with more cheese covered with perfect bbq pork a poached egg and a drizzle of hot sauce. I would make the trip just for this. Also tried a piece of fried chicken. Great breakfast. Can't say enough.Biscuit was delicious especially with the the sweet butter that came with it. The top of the biscuit was a lovely flakey too with a very moist biscuit. 
Had the gumbo and had great flavors also. I like my food spicy so would have liked a bit more of a kick m, but overall really yummy and hit the spot on a cold winter's day.Had the shrimp and grits and absolutely loved the tomato basil broth the grits were smothered in. I thought I'd need to add hot sauce but the flavor was perfectly spicy without it being too much.Food was just ok. Probably would have been better if the food was hot. My other friend ate here as well she liked her food but she also said the food wasnt hot enough. Customer service was good.20 minutes and they hadn't even started my food. My friends had already finished eating--so the delay wasn't on account of the time or crowd.I've had lunch at King Creole in St. Roch Market many times and I've never had a bad meal from them.  I've had pretty much everything on the menu and it's all been good.
The first thing that I ever had from King Creole was the duck and sausage gumbo.  The roux was darker and thicker than I am used to but it was still very good.  Don't be scared if you get your bowl and your roux has a slight red rue to it.
My favorite thing I've had from here is what i had the other day and what made me write this review.  It would be the crawfish poutine.  I've never had any form of poutine so it was slightly different, but it was something good as well.  From the research on poutine that I have now done theirs is not the most original rendition but honestly who cares.
The red beans and rice ain't too shabby either.
I highly recommend trying King Creole sometime.  You have a good chance of seeing me here on a weekday grabbing a bowl of food on my lunch break.They had the best gumbo I've ever had... it was also my first time ever trying gumbo... lol and they ride and beans was good and the crawfish poutine was delicious my favorite thing in this whole place was their BISCUTS AND JELLY!!! I bought two the first day and we ended up buying 6 more to take home I wish they could ship me some to cali... they stayed fresh and good. Even the jelly was like home made or something!This was the obvious choice for me in St Roch Market. I went with the Nola sampler, needing to get my creole food fix at all times. 
The crawfish poutine was my least favorite of the three, but still had good flavor. The shrimp and grits were really good. I enjoyed the large shrimp and the tomato based sauce. The grits were almost more of a grit cornbread, which worked well as a vessel for the shrimp and sauce. My favorite dish was the red beans and rice. There was so much flavor in that little bowl. I would definitely go back for seconds!Great food made by Jordan! We are visiting from Philadelphia and Jordan gave us great recommendations for things to do and ways to truly see New Orleans while avoiding super touristy areas. Plus the food was amazing!Our group purchased two bowls of the cheese grits topped with pulled pork, poached eggs, and siracha and a crawfish poutine. It was all fabulous! The poutine was over roasted, cubed red potatoes instead of fries with a crawfish filled rich flavored sauce and a sprinkling of Gouda. Yummy! The pulled pork on the grits was not very fatty and very flavorful, even better than it looked. I'd love to come back and try their breakfast. The booth attendant was very sweet and friendly.My husband and I love New Orleans and are obsessed with Cajun food, I had the Shrimp and Grits from King Creole, and it was fantastic. Just as good as anything you can get in the French Quarter. I can't wait to go back and try something else.Crawfish poutine and Burger!!!!! SO GOOD. I always order both. I frequently seek out where their food truck is parked! Even better when it's at wrong iron for some drinks too. Fete au Fete is my favorite food truck in the city by far!Long wait and only one person working on a busy Saturday morning. Other than that food was good. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles again and it was delicious. I tried the breakfast platter. I enjoyed everything except the cheese grits. They use yellow grits instead of the white grits I prefer. The breakfast sausage was delicious. I enjoy going to that food hall. It's always a good crowd and I love the music.It's always a good day when I can make it over to St. Roch Market to try something delicious. I had my eye on Fete au Fete for a while, more specifically on their shrimp and grits that I had heard raves about and I decided that this was the day I finally try them.
Well, you know what they say about best laid plans. I ordered as usual, but after a 30 minute wait I was called over and told that they were out of grits. This kind of confused me, considering it was only noon, but oh well. I was pretty bummed, but I decided to go with my second choice of the Cajun Cubano. This was a delicious Cuban sandwich cooked perfectly with melty cheese and pressed nicely, just as I like it. It was fantastic, full of flavor on flaky bread and made for the perfect lunch.
I'll be honest, if you're in a hurry, this isn't the place for you. They cook everything to order (of course) and after the 30 minute wait, just to be told they were out of grits, it was another 20 minutes before I got my sandwich. I was kind of forced to scarf it down because I had to go on with my day. For a place located in a cafeteria, I wish they were a little faster, but I will say that the food was super good. I understand that it's a popular place and I got there during the lunch rush, but next time I'm going to visit on a day when I have some time to spare. And I still have to try their shrimp and grits.Fete au Fete recently catered my wedding and it was amazing! Karen and Rudy were so easy to work with leading up to our event and on the day of the event. The food was awesome, all of our guests have been raving about it. Plus, it was so much fun to have a food truck instead of a traditional buffet or plated dinner. Highly recommend!!! Can't wait to stop by at one of their locations when we're back in NOLA!The food is a 5...did you all hear me a FIVE! The Crawfish Pootine was amazing! Home fried potatoes were perfect and topped with a ton of crawfish and pepper jack cheese and a creamy sauce that was so rich! Ohhhh did I say how much food I got...A ton and all the ingredients were a 5.
I'm sorry to only give a 4 but it is for having so much plastic and Styrofoam. Not sure how to fix that or maybe give an eco friendly charge to offset expensive products.
https://instagram.com/p/yPxBkUH1wO/The boyfriend and I wanted something yummy for breakfast so we decided to visit Pythian Market on a Sunday morning. We were legit the first people there and the only place that was opened was Fete au Fete so we decided to give them a try. The man working there was so friendly!! We ended up getting the fried chicken biscuit and then he gave us a sausage patty, because we didn't know which one we really wanted lol, we also ended up getting some breakfast potatoes as well. The chicken biscuit was BOMB! It was actually big enough to share. It was all so fresh and so filling! I'm actually very happy that the place that I wanted wasn't opened! Will def be back to try their other menu items! Pythian market is such a great hidden gem with so many options!!! Perfect location!Food is good but by the time u get it it's cold. Took me 35mins to get a biscuit and gravy (which they already have made)This review is for the Pythian Market installment of Fete au Fete, which doesn't seem to have its own page. I work downtown and love to stop in at Pythian Market for lunch, as everything is good, relatively affordable, and quick enough to enjoy on my lunch break. I've stopped at Fete au Fete a few times intent on trying their Cajun Cubano, and fate has intervened...until now. I finally got to try this sandwich and it was amazing. So rich and decadent, with just the right ratio of bread, butter, cochon de lait pork, homemade pickles, and pimento cheese. Eating it was a treat unto itself! I can only imagine how good it is at soaking up booze after a long night of ~fun~Chicken and waffles is bomb! Came here on a whim with my BF. He ordered the chicken and waffles and would not stop raving. I ended up getting something from another vendor at the st roch market but I was able to grab a few bites of the waffle and honestly it was the best waffle I've ever had. I was kicking myself I didn't order from them! We def will be coming back here.I love visiting New Orelans! Too bad I cant go every weekend, thank god the food here brings me back. Amazing! Try the gumbo, you'll never be the same again! Authentic because the chef was born and raised in NewOrleans.Maybe their poutine is the only good thing based on all of the reviews. Oh well.
I came into St Roch Market on a mission to get a quick meal from somewhere, and something from another booth. You come in, look at the menu, and order at the counter. The guy who took my order was friendly enough. After you place your order, you try to find a table, or stand close by to hear your name called in order to retrieve your food. Maybe I just came on an off day, I don't know. I ordered their breakfast platter, which came with a biscuit, eggs done your way, a sausage patty or sausage links, and cheese grits. I asked for eggs scrambled and a sausage patty. The scrambled eggs looked as if the cook started out frying it, and at the last minute tried to scramble them. They were good, but the presentation was off. I did not get a sausage patty, but a very greasy sausage link. The link would have been good, had it not been so very oily. The grits and the biscuit were very good. The iced tea was good as well. It wasn't all bad, it just was ok.
In the end, you just leave your plates on the table, and someone comes around and busses the tables. The entire dining area was neat and clean.We decided on this spot at Roch Market because of their menu full of southern comfort food. 
Trash grits and crawfish poutine for the win!
Nice bark on the pulled pork and great textures and flavors. The grits were some of the first that the boyfriend enjoyed. 
The crawfish poutine was exactly what the boyfriend was looking for... rich, flavorful, and seafood-y with that NOLA creole flair.A Review In Three Parts. Poutine, Cubanos, and Chef Micah. 
SO New Orleans doesn't really jump on food fads like the rest of the country does (and if you think I'm wrong, please tell me, I love a good "Just A Note
") but we do have a copious amount of Creole and Cajun food offerings in various styles. 
What I love about Fete au Fete is that they are able to provide some of these NOLA-centric dishes but with their own twist, i.e. Crawfish Poutine*. First off. I just order poutine everywhere. I don't know if it's just 'cause I like saying "poutine" or what, but who doesn't love some sloppy fries, a term that doesn't sound as cute as poutine, but more of a reality of what the dish is. I also love that poutine* is popping up on menus but not in a "look-at-me-I'm-poutine" kind of way.  Fete au Fete's take on this Québécois dish is more of a meal than an afterthought, and a fun way to try some local flavors. 
Now, let's visit Cuba... Real talk y'all. On one hand, I'm so happy that our food is so elevated here, and that our Cubanos are the shiz. On the other hand, what the heck, Cuba?! The Cubanos, which I assume are just referred to as sandwiches in Cuba, were not half as delicious as the Cubanos I've had here in New Orleans, and the Cajun Cubano is a great lunch choice at St. Roch. Thick with ingredients on a solid cut of bread, but not overwhelming that I need a napnap or a belly rub post-nosh fest; a real detriment to a day when you've got things to do. I think the price-tag is incredibly manageable for a lunch this way, and washing it down with their housemade tea is perfecto. 
Lastly, Chef Micah. He's awesome. I've seen him grow from King Creole to Fete au Fete Streatery, and while our city is saturated with some seriously talented folks in this industry, Chef Micah and his team are good people so make sure to say "hey" if you see him out and about doin' what it do. 
*Yes, I might be trying to see how many times I can get the word poutine into my review...poutine.
Cajun Cubano* spiced roasted pork loin, tasso, smoked gouda with a jalapeño-garlic aioli pressed - $9.25
Crawfish Poutine* crawfish boiled new potatoes, fried then smothered with pepperjack cheese and buttery crawfish etouffee - $9.25They do not disappoint. Try the Yakayun "old sober" so friggin delish. Taste like my grandma's soup but spicier  the bowls are also everything you ever needed. Especially if you like options for vegan/vegetarian. Our kid loves it too. Check them out!!!I was taking a look at the different vendors when one of the workers at King Creole asked me and the boy if we wanted duck gumbo. I mean yes, the answer is of course yes, but I was hesitant getting it from a stall at St. Roch Market. He offered us a sample, which we took, and then looked at each other, our eyes meeting in mutual agreement. We got it, it was glorious, you should get it too, and combine it with Dirty Dishes mac n cheese.We had the Chicken and Waffles with a side of cheese grits and it was fantastic! Generous portion, delicious moist chicken and a flavorful bourbon syrup. I enjoyed pairing it with the grits personally just to cut the sweetness slightly but it was fantastic either way! 
This place is located inside St.Roche market and was great for a quick lunch with my husband during our visit to New Orleans. Service was quick and friendly!This review is for the Pythian Market installment of Fete au Fete, which doesn't seem to have its own page. I work downtown and love to stop in at Pythian Market for lunch, as everything is good, relatively affordable, and quick enough to enjoy on my lunch break. I've stopped at Fete au Fete a few times intent on trying their Cajun Cubano, and fate has intervened...until now. I finally got to try this sandwich and it was amazing. So rich and decadent, with just the right ratio of bread, butter, cochon de lait pork, homemade pickles, and pimento cheese. Eating it was a treat unto itself! I can only imagine how good it is at soaking up booze after a long night of ~fun~Love this place. The st roch market has tons of options but if you're looking for a taste of new orleans while you are in town this is a place you HAVE to try. They are also super quick and the food is always hot and delicious.Delicious, came here for breakfast. we had the chicken biscuit with gravy and a side of grits. The food had great flavor and the biscuit was warm and crumbly (in the way a pastry should be). Will definitely be back soon!ONE OF THE BEST MEALS I'VE HAD IN 2018
(see pics) this is fine restaurant quality food at economical prices. The Trash Grits with a poached egg over debris sriracha grits should be on the breakfast menu at Brennan's.
AN EVOLUTIONARY BUSINESS MODEL
All this savoriness is from a counter in the reviled St Roch Market. One of the great side effects of that culturally insensitive abomination is a safe-house shelter for former food truckers. It's a natural progression from mobile vendor to short order cook to taking over a foreclosure on Magazine or Freret.
PRO-TIP
After 4 years in Key West I have to say their po'boy version made from cochon de lait and homemade pickles is as close to a cuban mix as I've found.But It would be even better on a banh mi roll.Very meh. This is NOLA and anywhere else, this food would be considered "good". Their sampler is $15 for 3 small ramikens of food and the food is lukewarm. Like come on people. If you are going to serve average food, atleast heat it up properly. Two stars because the girl was friendly and the grits were warm. 
A very hard pass.