Walked in with my backpack planning on getting breakfast. I was promptly asked if I'd be studying, replied yes, and the man behind the counter told me they don't allow that anymore. Okay, well I certainly won't buying anything, ever coming back, or recommending your establishment. Sorry students, if you are interested in getting some food/coffee whilst looking over your notes or reading a book, this is not the place for you. Too bad about the rude staff, this place looked great otherwise.Tried this place out since it was a quick run from where I'm staying. Good freshly brewed coffee (idk what this super bitter review nonsense is, it was strong but not overwhelming). Got an almond croissant for breakfast and it was quite good.
I sat outside, but looked like there was plenty of seating available. The owner was polite and recommended items when asked.Very decent coffee place, especially for New Orleans.
The atmosphere is pretty nice. The front room includes a few couches around a coffee table as well as the register. Up a short set of stairs is another room with tables and wooden chairs. There are a few scattered tabletop games, including chess and scrabble, though they were a little hard to find. The radio played NPR, and later some Miles Davis. It was on a little loud, but the barista was happy to turn it down when I asked.
The owner (and barista) was nice, if a bit on the curt side. He made my drink quickly. He was, however, very friendly with regulars, calling them by their first name and striking up conversations with them. 
The coffee was very good. I had an iced latte, and even through all that cold milk I could taste the rich, full-bodied espresso he'd pulled to make it. It was a little pricey for a local coffee shop, but not too bad. They also have baked goods and hard-to-find sodas, such as Fentiman's.
Definitely worth a visit.Just got back from First Cup Cafe. It's great. I wish that I lived closer so that I could say that it was my neighborhood coffee shop, but I will make the bike ride down Calhoun (thrills! chills! potholes that seem to open up before me like hellmouths!) to go to First Cup Cafe. The coffee I had today was tasty, and the $1 package of biscoffs from near the register (impulse! impulse!) were a nice add-on for me. Mo, the proprietor, is pleasant without being overbearing, which I appreciate, and the quiet back room, where you can read or study while you drink your fine brewed beverage, is a blessing (there are also a couple of tables out front). Mo went out of his way to help me find a place to park my bike when I got there, and he made a point of saying goodbye to me on my way out. I am going to keep supporting my local coffee shop, and I hope that others give it a try, too. Do I seem like I am rambling on? I dontknowwhyitmightbethecaffeinekickingin...Make no mistake, this place has good brew, but its not perfect.
The hours have no expanded as promised and the hot drinks are inconsistent at best.  I don't find the interior that welcoming for studying either.The first time I went, I wondered why it was completely empty, because it seemed like a decent place.  But the second time I went there I figured out why.  After sitting down and getting my books out, the owner told me there was a one drink minimum (which was fine, I was planning on getting several and staying there two to three hours), and I told him that I would get one in a few minutes.  After a few minutes of taking down some notes, he came to the back of the store and told me I could get my drink now.  I said to give me a few minutes to finish writing something (which was true; I was on the verge of getting a drink).  Next thing I know, I'm booted out.  Now I understand why the place is deserted all the time.  No one goes to coffee shops just to drink coffee.  Anyone can make coffee.  It's not that hard.  They go there to relax and either study or enjoy themselves.  But it's hard to relax when the owner is a raging douche bag who acts like he's on a mission to drive people away.  
So, in short: mediocre coffee + douche bag owner = going somewhere else.
Oh, and there's a five dollar minimum for debit cards.  Like we're in the backwoods of Arkansas circa 2001 or something like that.  Give me a break.My sister and I came here for a place to study, we walked in and immediately were shouted at "no students here!" by who I presumed was the owner. Very rude. And the tables in the back were completely empty too. My sister isn't even a student, she is a working professional who was wanting to get work done. I can't understand how someone expects to have a coffee shop near a campus and refuse students.The interior continues to improve, as does drink quality.  The coffee is somewhere between "very good" and GREAT.  Always worth the money.  I dig the use of reusable mugs and cups for "here" orders.
I've noticed new art on the walls, a different assortment of things for sale, and CENTRAL AIR.  Woo!
Often, I don't have cash though, so I have to head elsewhere.  Taking credit cards is just too expensive for merchants operating on razor-thin margins, I guess.  I'm looking forward to carrying cash and being a regular here.Diggin' this place... been in the neighborhood 6 months and my landlord recommended it long time ago!  Finally visited this am and was impressed with the friendliness and the atmosphere.  May turn it into my new study spot...I frequent this establishment on my way to work to grab a cup of coffee or a bagel. The owner is so nice and personable. It has a great local flare inside with local artwork and the local WWL Jazz station playing. I'm a fan!BZZZ
Someone told me that this coffee shop has some of the strongest coffee in the city. I either love a challenge or I'm a masochist, because upon hearing this I thought to myself, "We'll see about that!"
I stopped in and I could immediately tell that this was the kind of place where everyone knows each other. The woman in front of me was super chatty with the barista and upon ordering the last fruit tart, was nice enough to turn around and make sure that I didn't want it. I didn't, but I thought it was super sweet of her to ask. There is a huge space in the back with tables and chairs if you need to study or do some work. All in all, a really cozy place.
Upon ordering a large iced coffee with 2% milk, the barista warned me, "Sip this ssssslowly. If you drink it fast, it will be bad." Well, jeez. I've never had coffee come with a warning before. Now I'm kind of nervous. I took that first sip and...yeah...that definitely has some serious kick to it. Here is where I mention that I drink coffee every day. And I drink (what I thought was) fairly strong coffee every day. Oh, what a fool I was.
I drank some of it. I ate a huge lunch. I drank some more of it. After about drinking half of it, I was electric. I could have painted a house. I could have swam the Mississippi river. I could have jogged around the city...twice. In short, this coffee is no joke. Maybe I'm a caffeine lightweight. Maybe I just can't hang. I don't know. What I do know is that after drinking half of a large iced coffee, I threw the rest out for my own sake. Don't get me wrong; it was good coffee, but I was afraid that if I had any more my heart would explode, is all. Next time I will get a small and make sure that half of it is milk. Whole milk even. Oof.
My name is Marielle and I can't handle super strong coffee.
In short: good coffee. Very strong. Small for me next time. Woosh.I can see myself coming here every morning. That was the best mocha I've ever had.  
Extremely good coffee.  I can't even...I just can't even...Very rude service, which is a shame because it's a nice atmosphere and the coffee is good.  
As soon as you walk in, especially if you are a student, the owner will rattle off his list of rules.  Apparently you are not allowed to eat food in the back room, and you can barely get seated before he demands that you order something.
Learn to be nicer to your customers, Mr. Owner, and I would easily give this place 4 stars.What a jerk! I was asked to leave the shop because I mentioned I wanted to study. DURING A THUNDERSTORM. I WAS LITERALLY THROWN INTO A TORRENTIAL DOWNPOUR BECAUSE I WAS GOING TO STUDY. 
I hope this place goes out of business. Throwing out a paying customer, a young woman, into a storm because she wanted TO STUDY is insane. It's a coffee shop next to two universities; of course you are going to have students and people who want to study as customers! 
 I also noticed that several other posts have had similar  complaints, but none of those are posted up front. Good grief. I'll go to a coffee shop that actually treats its customers like people.We have enjoyed this place since moving to the neighborhood two years ago. The coffee and tea is always great and the fresh bagels are yum. A good selection of uncommon teas and chocolates, comfy couches and a quiet work/study room in back all make for an ambience much more genuine than your local franchise chain of whatchacallits coffee shops.
As a bonus,
Mo, the owner and most frequent face behind the shiny espresso machine is great for a laugh in the morning or a current events conversation in the afternoon.Okay, so the place is nice BUT the service was HORRIBLE.
My brother and I decided to go there to tried the coffee and to study. We sat down for about 5 minutes and we thinking of what to order (while we were thinking about what to order, we had our laptops open and books out). Apparently, 5 minutes was too long because a guy went up to us and said "Minimum of one drink". He did not sound nice at all. There are definitely better ways to approach a customer than to say that out of now where. That was just PLAIN RUDE. 
With that kind of service, my brother and I just left. I am sure there are other coffee shops out there that have better customer service.All I had was a latte but they also had a great selection of artisanal sodas, which I very much appreciate. I'm giving this place five stars simply because the barista had a great sense of humor and I want to go back simply to hear his ideas about the world, HA! Also, they have non-dairy milk options which is so sweet (it irritates me that there are still coffee shops that refuse to pick up a carton of almond milk).Seems like a nice place to hang out, but my cappuccino was disappointing. The foam is thick and empty, just like Starbucks, and the coffee started really tasty but the aftertaste was burnt an bitter.Nice space, delicious coffee, but be warned, the owner no longer welcomes students to sit and work. If you walk in with a backpack, he will ask you how long you're planning on staying. Now, I understand the desire to not have people camp out all day taking up tables and nursing a small coffee, but every time I have been in there, plenty of tables have been available. And being asked how long I intend to stay with a suspicious look on his face does not a warm and inviting atmosphere make... While it is close, it's making me reconsider stopping in first cup, even when I'm grabbing a cup to go.No wifi and time limited to 45 minutes. Why bother paying for somewhere where I can't enjoy basic amenities or stay to do my work without feeling pressured? Coffee was mediocre as well. I won't be coming back for sure.Lovely shop. Plenty of seating and great music playing.  The owner was friendly.  The iced coffee however is jet fuel.  Holy bajezus.  I've spent the last two years living in New Jersey where the iced coffee tends to be super strong. NJ has nothing on this stuff.  I was getting the caffeine jitters 1/4 of the way through the drink.  If you're trying to quit a nasty amphetamine addiction, I would highly recommend this ice  coffee.This is a special, old-school, neighborhood kind of coffee house for serious coffee lovers, poets and conversation. Not for hogging tables with your laptop - there's no wifi. I'm not saying I don't do that elsewhere, but that's not what you come here for.
Mo loves coffee, it's clear, and has the best beans you can buy. I'm looking forward to trying the iced coffee, which I've been told will turn one into a jittery wreck. Can't wait!
Anyway, love this spot, reminds me of the old beatnik poet cafes you used to find around this country.First Cup is a unique coffeehouse, mostly due to its owner, Mo. Sugar and such are served in real vessels and there is a feel as if this is somebody's home. This is not a chain store and Mo believes in a culture of coffee and conversation with regulars that come as much for a chat as they do for the coffee. Mo adds his own spin, crafting with care an iced coffee with warm foam on top as he truly believes you will be made more whole from his work, and expects you to appreciate that but doesn't need your approval, the "no wi-if" and political critique posts on the walls aren't kitsch but clear expectation setting. There are modest shelves of mostly European biscuits, sodas, teas, coffees and chocolates for sale as well as pastries from Maple Street Patisserie. If your looking for a different, less sterile coffee experience, stop by Mo's First Cup.Funky indie place in the Bud's Broiler/Naked Pizza/Frostop nexus.   Good cappuccino, NPR on the radio, nice atmosphere.  Baista chatted me up while making my drink, was sociable.Surprisingly peaceful for 4pm on a Thursday afternoon at the beginning of finals season... definitely a plus.  There's a very nice study area in the back, with lots of small tables and plenty of light.
Their iced mocha is also very tasty.  My only complaint is that they're cash only, and they're not open very late.  Okay, I guess that's two complaints.  Other than that, thumbs up.Today is my last visit to this coffee shop because of the owner's engagement with me as a customer and his dislike for young and employed professionals, who wanted to grab a cup of coffee and read for a bit.  Prior to today, the owner never mentioned a 45 minute drink coffee policy in his shop when I placed my order.  In fact, I have observed several folks there for over an hour on other occasions when I stopped back in for a cup of tea a few hours later on my errands.  And even today, the gentleman, who placed his order before me, stayed for over hour.  The owner may have thought I was student with my work binder, and he began his rant about 45 minute drink policy as I placed my order. 
I mentioned by previous visits to his shop and that he never mentioned this before.  I also noted that other customers, older professionals, stayed longer than 45 minutes.  I have returned for tea on the same day and observed the same customers there. I also mentioned that I was an attorney. He insisted with an indignant tone that I have 45 minutes to drink my coffee that he was about to make.  He also stated that he tells this to all of his customers; his attitude quickly soured. 
I expressed that I would buy another cup of coffee if I planned to stay longer than 45 minutes. On other occasions, however, I also stated that I have observed other folks, who are older professionals, enjoying coffee and reading their paper. The coffee shop is always empty. He never rushed them or mentioned the 45 minute policy on any of my other visits when they placed orders.  His poor demeanor and his lack of care for paying patrons was unprofessional and rude.
And the coffee is just okay. It was a convenient shop.  A number of other great local coffee shops are nearby: Mojo Coffee on Freret, Bean Gallery, Morning Call in City Park, and many others.  If thinking of where to get a cup of coffee and pleasant service, don't pick First Cup Café. You only have 45 minutes to enjoy your coffee or the shop. 
Also, I returned about two hours later to see if the other gentleman, who ordered before me, had left because I was in the neighborhood.  The older gentleman was still there, enjoying his coffee or paper over 45 minutes later. So, the policy does not apply to all;  I do not recommend coffee from here based on the owner's unprofessional conduct and service.My favorite neighborhood coffee shop! Mo is great and always remembers my order, and he always has a treat for my "Babycino" as Mo calls her. The coffee is wonderful, strong yet smooth!I wanted to give this place 4.5/5 stars, but was unable to.  Overall for the price I paid on the 16 oz hot coffee, I was satisfied.  The coffee tasted good, the owner guy was friendly and courteous and the coffee shop had a quaint decor to it, which made it a chill place to relax in.  I'd like to return in the future!This is a very nice coffeehouse. It was sparkling clean and there were a good many dry goods on the shelves. The proprietor was very friendly and the iced coffee I got was amazing. He told me it would be strong and it was but it was powerful without being at all bitter. Delicious and Saturday was definitely iced coffee weather. My brother and his family live somewhat in this vicinity now so I'll be back.Just a heads up, your stay is limited to 45 minutes and there is no longer wi-fi.
That being said, the coffee seems to be delicious - I had an ice latte and it was one of the better ones I've had in the uptown area. The atmosphere of the place is great, awesome art and decorations and vibe. It really is too bad that they now limit stays, as I'd love to stay for an hour or two doing work or reading.Just my luck that the closest coffee house to me is also the best. Mo the proprietor and barista extraordinaire is a man of opinions and integrity. Always a pleasure to chat with whether it's politics or the fine city of New Orleans. No wi-fi ! What a terrific concept. Put your smartphones away for 20 minutes and have an intelligent conversation for a change. Just sayin'... Nice jazz too as a backdrop.Outstanding neighborhood coffee shop.  Excellent coffee, lattes, and snacks.
The owner is warm and friendly, and the place is full of comfy couches and a great quiet work/study room in back.  Always playing great jazz and classical music.  Great ambiance!Not sure how this place keeps up with market share in that virtually every coffee shop on earth has wifi and is accommodating to people who work for a living. Owner disclosed this little gem--no wifi, one hour limit, drink and leave--after I paid for my cup of coffee, my worn bag hanging on my shoulder. Not cool. I found a better spot nearby. Sad because this coffee shop has tons of potential. How about charge for wifi? Or allow people to "rent" a table. I get you don't want people sitting there all day not ordering anything but there are ways around it.I came to First Cup today looking for a new coffee shop to study in for a change of pace. After checking reviews on Yelp, I decided to give this place a try. It's very cute and eclectic inside, plenty of empty tables to work at, and the menu looked great. There was even a sign outside that said "NO WIFI" - perfect! One less distraction for me. So far, so good. I ordered an Americano at the counter and the man behind it (who I presume to be the owner) first asked me if I've ever been here before. I told him no, then he (very gruffly) told me "No wifi! No cell phones! And you can only stay for 45 minutes." I said "I came here to study for school, not to use the Internet..." and he told me "No. We don't do that here!" I was a bit flabbergasted that he said I wasn't allowed to study in the coffee shop for more than 45 minutes. At any coffee shop you go to in New Orleans (or most cities for that matter) you're bound to see a few people quietly studying, it's the norm. I'm not a teeny-bopper coming to play around and make noise, I'm in my 30s and in graduate school. I was not making an outlandish request, but he remained firm on his 45 minute limit, so I turned around and left. What a waste of time! It's a shame too, because on first impression it looked like a great spot and I was excited to have found it. I definitely will not be visiting here again and will not recommend it to others after the way I was treated.
ETA: Apparently I did not read enough Yelp reviews before I went because others have reported the same "anti-student" treatment that I received. DO NOT go in there if you are wearing a backpack and plan on studying!If you plan on having a quiet place to study/work do not go here.  Even after buying a  cup of coffee from him each time I drop off my dry cleaning next door, the owner saw my backpack today and told me to leave.  Specifically, he told me no one is allowed to study here!  Nevermind the fact that I pointed out to him that zero people were in the coffee shop and that I was his only business.  He claims that if students were allowed to study there, he'd have no business.  (Because that makes total sense when your coffee shop is empty at 1 pm on a Monday) Guess he won't ever have my business again, studying or not.  I'll take his recommendation and 'go to Starbucks because they have tons of tables.'Good coffee and a great study atmosphere in back.  First time I went to first cup I had been listening to NPR in the car and really didn't want to get out because I was so engrossed in the story they were playing.  Finally my boyfriend made me leave so we could get some work done.  Disappointed I walked into First Cup and they were playing NPR in the front room!  I think first cup and I are meant for each other.   However, the owner seemed to dislike me for some reason, but he got on famously with everyone else so maybe it was just me.Bottom line: exceptionally good, unexpectedly strong coffee.  Impeccable music track, congenial Mo at the counter.
Affable quirk: Luddite-friendly. (No wi-fi is proudly proclaimed here)
Marrying up has many advantages beyond the stellar wife.  One such advantage in the deal is a sturdy brother-in-law with artistic proclivities and a penchant for all thing NOLA.  He moved here nigh' two decades ago and hasn't looked back.  Which brings me to First Cup.
The shift to daylight savings occurred on the day we shifted from eastern to central - meaning I could live out my EST ways until which time we returned to TLH.
Naturally, I was first up back at the neoclassical manse on State Street - and being, 'lo, but one street over - knew that the compelling reviews for First Cup would beckon me.
My game? A 4-shot mocha, toasted poppy bagel (from Zabars, no less.  Look it up) and a seat at the big-boy table on the upper floor in the back.
I must say, I wouldn't have ordered this up as a Quad had I taken the reviews seriously.  There is a seriousness about this coffee that reinforces its position through persisting receding tide marks on the edge of the inner cup.
Yikes-a-mighty.  For cocaine aficionados, I imagine this coffee would be a suitable substitute for a travel mirror worth of lines.
The bagel itself was perfect.  Granted, it was dropped in one of those legendary single-slot toasters so many of us covet - but on its untoasted own I suspect it would have gone the distance as well.
Where will I be every morning this week?  Right here.I am a law student and visited this coffee shop twice last Spring when studying for finals.  The owner was very rude to me and my friends, demanding that we order something before we even sat down.  He was much friendlier to non-students.  I tried to post my review of the poor service we received, but the owner must be Yelp-savvy because mine as well as other reviews from students with similar complaints have been mysteriously hidden.  
Anyone who feels the need to hide their bad reviews rather than change their poor customer service is not a business I wish to support.The BEST Uptown coffee shop! You can also buy coffees and teas for home brewing. The barista/ owner is fabulous and funny.You're rudely asked to get coffee and go. "no camping!"  Apparently he wants his coffee shop to be different from other coffee shops, which is his right, but in a city in which we sip our coffee, read our paper, or get some work done, this guy has disabled the wifi and very bluntly tells you're not welcomed to stay. Poor business, terrible attitude. Not sure how it's open, but I hope it closes soon.Friendly staff and great atmosphere with books, art, and music.  If you like debating politics or just chatting it up with new friends, the front room later in the day sometimes becomes a nice little hangout spot, but the back room always remains quite and best for studying.  Their flavored cold teas are the best!  but warning some of them are stronger then a couple of red bulls!Ever since starting medical school and living in San Francisco and Australia (best coffee in the world), I've become a bit of a coffee snob. After arriving in New Orleans, the coffee hasn't cut it for me. I've had to resort to Starbucks, PJ's and French Press as my daily energy boost until I decided to try First Cup Cafe. 
I decided to give this place a try and arrived right at 7am to receive the first cup of coffee of the day. The Cafe opened right on time and the owner was delightful! He greeted me and gave me suggestions on what to order. I decided to go with the large latte. 
Large Latte: Best cup of coffee I've had in NOLA to date! Definitely beats Starbucks and Pj's by a bunch. The latte had the perfect amount of milk, foam and caffeine. The temperature was perfect. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Overall, this place is a very nice cafe in the uptown area. There is plenty of seating in the back and is very nicely decorated. The owner is very polite and energetic which seems to be the consensus on yelp. Moreover, I didn't find the coffee to be "too strong" as some yelp reviewers have mentioned. I found that many other coffee places in New Orleans have been way too weak compared to everywhere else. I'd highly recommend this place for an awesome cup of coffee and great service!
*** I would like to edit my comment about the coffee not being strong... It is 3am and I cannot go to sleep. I drank my coffee at 7am yesterday morning. I think I'll get a small next time.This may be, surprisingly, the perfect New Orleans coffee shop. This place is comfortable (I am sitting in a leather couch right now), with the best-tasting coffee I've had in New Orleans yet. The decor is comforting and unobtrusive, and the walls are painted a soothing light-green. The owner is playing WWOZ at a reasonable level, and there are books aplenty on the shelves. I am the only person in here right now, which is a little sad, but that's OK. Wireless is fast. The only thing this place seems to have going against it, in my opinion, is its location. It is on Calhoun off of Claiborne, which is kind of a forgotten, little-used strip of small businesses. That doesn't detract from the shop at all, but it surely gets less traffic than if it were on Oak, Magazine, or Maple Uptown. Also, Tulane is out of session for the holidays, so it is particularly deserted. However, I live 4 blocks away, so I am happy.I actually joined Yelp because of the awful experience I had here; I'd like to spare unwitting coffee drinkers from the unpleasant experiences to be had here. 
I've been in twice, and I won't return. The owner is a jerk. I read the other reviews, and I don't know if perhaps there's a Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde situation there, or if I met the owner's evil twin. Either way, the man behind the counter is one rude, crude dude. I used to live nearby, and I study a lot, so I thought it would be a great neighborhood coffee shop to enjoy my joe and read for an hour or two. I was very wrong. So you're probably wondering why I went back. The thing is, I figured "Shoot, everyone has a bad day. Give the rude, angry man a second chance. Afterall, the coffee was decent." Well, I was wrong again. 
The first time I went in, he was yelling at some guy about how doctors are all money hungry and they're making a fortune off of patents on cancer drugs while people are dying of cancer. When the guy left, he continued his angry tirade to my study buddy and myself. Full disclosure, we're in med school, but neither of us wanted to get into anything so we just kinda shrugged and ordered our drinks. I didn't find it all that appealing or sanitary that he took our money with his nitrile gloves on, then turned around and made the drinks while still sporting those same gloves, but heck, what's an immune system for, right? Well then he started a new tirade at us about how people come and sit in his back study space for hours, only drinking their one or two cups of coffee. At this point, I was getting the urge to leave, but we had all of our books, so we parked it for a few minutes in the back. I appreciate that the man runs a tight ship, and keeps the back study area quiet--I can see how that would be very appealing for people looking to knock out some work. However, he came around to the back after about 30 minutes and harangued me for having my backpack next to the table (I still don't know where he would have rather I put it) and my study partner for having her phone out. He seemed convinced that she was going to talk on it and disturb the study area, even though she hadn't, and she told him she wouldn't. It was at this point that we threw in the towel and hoofed it to Mojo's. 
The second time I went in, I had a friend with me from out-of-town. He made the mistake of changing his mind about how many shots he wanted in his espresso drink and caught so much 'tude that I swore upon all that was caffeinated that I would never return to this place. Spare yourself the cranky diatribes and get your coffee elsewhere.First Cup Cafe is a great hang-out if you enjoy peaceful atmosphere and a true neighborhood vibe -- where the barista always knows your name and can read your mood.  Both the coffee (best in the city!) and tea are superb.  The selection of local pastries and imported edibles nicely complement the proprietor's range of coffees, which he is happy to grind for you.
This is the kind of place you can greet a neighbor and schmooze, or have a quick meet-up in the back room, or just plain rest a while and read a book.  You will find ambiance and atmosphere here - not to mention personalized service! - that's sadly lacking in today's corporate establishments.
UPDATE: NO free WiFi (in fact, no WiFi at all). Lingerers will be asked to leave after 45 minutes. Flamboyant and entitled millennials not welcome here. Expect the same jazz CD to be playing that you heard during your last visit. :-)great coffee, wide variety of teas, and a sneaky convenient location. works well for quiet reading/work time or a coffee date with a friend.
not your place if you're an evening coffee drinker, though. they close at 5 during the week and at 4 on the weekends.Rules "no wifi, one hour limit, drink and leave" 
... Unless your over 40. I was appalled when I was given the "rules".  They need to rename it Last Cup, because that's what happens when you have rules like that. If you're looking for a coffee place somewhere close with amazing coffee and customer service, go to The Rook. The Rook has free WiFi, some of the best coffee in New Orleans, great people running it, encourage you to stay, and even awesome pastries for sale.This is my first time here and I kind of love it.  Now, it's kind of a down season  time so there's only one other person here, but the mood in here is wonderful.  There's a dude up front who just started playing the guitar randomly and it's peaceful and I want to learn from him.  
The study space in the back is so quiet and calm and my soy chai is delicious and my bagel is delicious...conditions are perfect.  
I'll be back and see how crowded it gets next time.  :DI love to come here, study, and enjoy my coffee. Nice atmosphere and coffee is fantastic. I would come here everyday just to have some peace and quiet.They use high quality coffee.  Their cold brewed iced coffee is probably the strongest in town, and to me, among the best.  It, as well as many of their other drinks, is slightly expensive.
First Cup's hours are limited, and the ambiance is mediocre.  The front half of the coffee shop is fairly bright and enjoyable, but I find the back to be almost dank.Just re-opened post-Katrina in mid-April.
A nice neighborhood coffee shop using entirely fair trade coffees!  Big selection of fair trade coffees and teas to purchase as well.  I haven't had a chance to study there yet, but they're got an awesome looking study area.
Their iced coffee just about knocked my socks off.  Delicious.
Its great to have fair trade coffee closer than Fair Grinds in Mid City.Love this place!  For the neighborhood, we weren't expecting such a nice interior!  The place is very well decorated and the owner is both fantastic and easy to talk to.The ambiance is good, as is the selection of coffee and tea, but I would not recommend it as a study location for students in the area.
The manager of the cafe was not welcoming to me and my friends studying for our law school exams, which spoiled our quiet study session. He was quick with giving us rules about purchases and food, and we were quick to leave. My review is: choose somewhere else to study.This place has great coffee!!! I have been there several times, each time the coffee is wonderful and it is so clean.