I love this place. You've heard of Cheers. Where everybody knows your name. ... 
If you don't know someone here, you will, or should. 
Welcoming all, you'll find a variety from the colorful 'weird' to the family.
Great people, good staples. Not a huge menu, but good, and a great way to start, chill, or finish your day since it's open early and late. 
Always a good selection of art, and if you forget your computer and gotta check in, they have a couple computers for you to use at a good price. 
Check out the door for local postings too
Go because its layed back, friendly, one stop shop, and great any time
Its not plush and polishedMost excellent Ethiopian coffee, strong, flavorful, and not overly expensive. The atmosphere is laid back and chill. A very nice place to spend your morning. but note, they are cash only - so plan ahead.Typical punk rock coffee shop. Some food is ok but be prepared for lots of cigarrette smoke.Perfection! Great chai latte! Excellent breakfast! Beautiful pastries! Vegetarian options! And chili? How could it get any better? Oh yeah, a cute barista, a piano and tons of books! 
I love this place!Flora has a new Turkish chef with a new menu featuring delicious Borek. There is a new bread and a host of new items in the case including plenty of coffee and house made banana bread. The same great friends are there now even better food. This is a very happening place especially for people watching.It was a balmy 58 degrees- which to blood thinned by alcohol feels like an Antarctic blast. I saw what looked like a tropical oasis in the distance and stumbled through the palm trees into a warm haven where my bones lay safe by the fire. 
I ordered a breakfast burrito. The potatoes were soft and the bouquet of vegetables succulent on the tongue. Satiated to say the least. The drip coffee so-so and the espresso so nice. 
Yum food, fireplace, good for studying.
The owner is wonderful and one of the employees has been here for over ten years. 
Support local and be part of a community.Wondering the streets one cold, windy day in APRIL and was in much need of a warm cup of coffee and discovered Flora's.  There was a friendly man outside that said hello with a smile and it eased my nervousness to approach this cafe.  Very unique artwork, cozy fireplace, and another smiling face behind the counter.  The barrister actually inquired what brought us to this area.  People in Metairie and Kenner do not speak to each other like in New Orleans places.  Love my cappuccino and will definitely be returning to hang out.Flora is the ugly girl that turns out to be the prettiest at the high school prom.
I stayed just a few blocks from here, and stopped in by chance.
The Yelp gods must have been smiling on me.
I ordered a black bean salad and sat down.  In less than five minutes the waitress brought it out to me.  
I just checked my mail, and my mouth sent me a card, thanking me for ordering the black bean salad. 
There was also an erotic drawing included in the card.  Seems I have a dirty mouth?
Anyway.  Back to Flora's.  It's local.  I stayed here for a good two hours, and didn't see one tourist.  That's a good thing.  I would LOVE to hang out here all day and read.  
Like a writer said below me, they could use more windows.  It would be great to be able to see the people passing by outside.
Air conditioned.  Yes.  
Great coffee.  Absolutely.
Loaded with atmosphere.  Roger, Dodger.
Friendly staff, giant bulletin board, and outdoor seating.
I'll definitely be back.the people who hang out here are the lowest common denominator. It's abominable. Great location-too bad it's not an ok place to go.I'm sure I'll update this review when it's not the middle of summer.. which is part of the reason I gave this cute little coffee shop 3 stars.
Cute little shop.. pretty quiet. Really friendly staff. AND breakfast sandwiches (really good by the way -- eggs + cheddar + thick bacon on a croissant). Great coffee. People seemed to keep coming in for the smoothies.. so something to try out.
Love the vibe in this place, and the hours are great. 
My only issue with this place, and I guess it's something that I need to get used to (I've been here for 2 years.. it's a slow process, y'all).. but there is no A/C here. Fans going full blast.. which helped. But around about 11:30, I was sweating through my clothes and couldn't focus on my work.. I'm sure I'll love this place when it's cooler out, but until they get at least a window unit, I'm not sure I'll be back until the fall.I'm a little confused because although the people here were extremely nice the whole place seemed dirty. I guess I've never been to a dive coffee shop. I do like the bathrooms to be clean at a place where food is served though...Nice little dive coffee shop serving up a good menu of breakfast items including "live juices" of which is the trademark. The only problem I have had is that every time I go there they never have them thus just a three star rating.One of my favorite neighborhood coffee shops in New Orleans.   I used to go there almost every day to sit, drink coffee, smok cigarettes and read for hours and hours.
They have great coffee drinks, really good and fresh deli type food, free wireless internet and plenty of neighborhood folk hanging out and shooting the shit.  
It's a super chill atmosphere with TONS of character. There is smoking inside and in the summer their AC isn't the best.  But it's New Orleans so you LOVE IT!Friendly, fun, easygoing place to get an delicious breakfast sandwich and great cup of coffee! My husband and I took our two kids while wandering around the neighborhood, and they were just finishing up kitchen service for breakfast. However, Andrea heard that I was looking for a vegetarian option, so she made me an awesome egg, veggie, cheese English muffin that wasn't on the menu. The espresso drinks were delicious and creamy, not bitter at all, and the bagels are fresh as it gets. Free bananas for kids, and a staff that wasn't afraid to get goofy with my kids! It's cash only, but there's an ATM in the shop. The atmosphere is funky and chill, with tons of art on the walls, books, board games, and even the full set of the Encyclopedia Britannica in the restroom! Will most definitely be a happy repeat customer!Worst latte I've had so far in New Orleans.
Worst falafel I've ever had.
Having said that, free internet and pleasant scent of incense.Flora's is relatively inexpensive and packed with character. In addition to their coffee menu, they also have a full offering of middle eastern food. Bring your own coffee mug for a small discount. And if you're into backgammon, challenge the owner, Ali, to a game! He will probably win but it will be an unforgettable experience. They stay open late and are 100% unpretentious. Don't expect a sparkling clean shop. That ain't what Flora's is about. 
They lose a star for being cash only and selling pre-made, store-bought, boxed chai latte for $4.50 a glass. Otherwise, Flora's is worth checking out!I go here for the falafel sandwich. Super good, large portioned sandwich (far better than Mona's). It's an order at the counter seat yourself chill place. Sometimes I get it to go, sometimes eat there. They have some outdoor tables which is always a plus for me at any place I go.I am reviewing a coffee shop. Why is that odd? Because 1) I don't drink much coffee (like...months between cups) and 2) I usually hate the coffee here.
But I'm still giving it 4 stars because like Schiro's, it's more about what you are looking for than what they do.
If you are looking for a quick coffee and to run, you will probably think it's a 1 or 2.
If you are looking for a place to sit and relax and talk to strangers and pet people's dogs or possible play a game of chess, then you are in the 4-5 zone.
In terms of neighborhood joint, there are few as comfortable and welcoming at Floras.
The owner Ali (or Olly!) as many of us call out to him, will treat you like family after your first couple of times he sees you and while the staff seems to come and go quickly, I've never seen it be because of how he treats them. If anything, it' be because he hires based on how he likes the person and not their ability to make coffee...Hence, the horrible coffee here. :)
Some of my best times in NOLA, have been realized sitting on the sidewalk outside, talking to a stranger or Ali here and enjoying just being in the moment.
I hear they have breakfast now but sadly, I've never tried...The borek was delicious but the cappuccino I got was pretty burnt and gross. Apparently the regular coffee was much better according to other patrons. I would recommend that you order carefully if you are coming here.My husband and I had walked by here a few times, and decided to finally stop in! I had some blogging to do about our journey across the US, and needed a place to be inspired by, with wifi, and good coffee of course! I grabbed an Americano espresso and the spicy potato pastry, which were both great! This is a great spot to hangout, enjoy a coffee and/or food, and people watch. While here, I was greeted by two friendly cats, saw a man writing a book, homeless folks looking to warm up by the fireplace, and other locals coming in to chat with the owner. This is a really unique spot full of character! Feel free to read my travel blog at www.tandaintheusofa.com!This place looks sketchy and I was hoping that it would be a hidden treasure, but it turned out pretty low too. The girl behind the counter seemed really really lovely but the overall vibe had me wanting to get out of there asap. 
I ordered a juice and it took a while and she finally said the machine wasn't really working, and offered me my money back, but decided on a coffee instead. Like, I said really sweet girl. They did also have really yummy Tamarind Soda in the cooler.I'm on a drip coffee kick as of late, and Flora doesn't disappoint but didn't impress either. The lineup is displayed right by the register: Colombian, Brazilian, Ethiopian. The coffee is strong, and not excessively bitter. I can't vouch for the espresso or baked goods, but the hot breakfasts were selling like hotcakes while I was there. 
The inside is definitely hippy-ified to the max. Stained glass, weathered wood, incense for sale. They've got several bikeracks filled with rusted cruisers, vintage Italian road bikes, and your dad's Schwinn converted into a fixie. I think I was a reject because the people hanging outside of the door saw me drive up in a motor vehicle.
Flora is right across from Mimis.  There is seating for 10+ outside and the people watching is unparalleled. The intersection of Royal and Franklin is filled with eccentric folks at all hours. Even at 10 AM as I'm grabbing my morning cuppa, a 3 piece marching band walked by and asked me for requests as they marched their way to the Quarter to busk. Then a guy wearing a novelty-sized cowboy hat rode by playing a slide whistle. And here walks a guy wearing a full NFL referee outfit. I could keep going, but I'll wrap up my observations by imploring you to come here and enjoy the "Local Flavor."Love this place, locals hang out, friendly, great coffee. 
Hubby had omelette I had croissant delish!
Thanks Andy!I love Flora's! 
Upon approaching, there are all kinds of interesting people hanging out outside. When you enter, there's a chill atmosphere with art all over the walls. There are books on one wall and a giant bulletin board. There are just as many interesting people inside as out. All locals so you don't have to worry about tourists and feeling lame. 
There's free wi-fi and computers in the back if you don't have one. I ordered a latte and it was made quick and was a good size for the price. As far as taste, it was good. I'd recommend. 
I will definitely be going back to Flora's!This is pretty much the exact type of shop I picture when I think of the Bywater: a small place packed with neighborhood locals, a little sketchy and no ac.
I like it here, for the most part. They don't have ac, or at least it wasn't on the evening I stopped in, so I do wonder what happens in the summer. There is a nice little crowd of locals sitting outside, and even a few shop kitties walking around and sleeping on chairs at the tables.
Not only is Flora a coffee shop, but it's a juice bar. I wasn't in the mood for java when I stopped in, so I decided to get a nice carrot juice. There is a large seating area in the back, so we were able to sit back there and chat while some other customers played a board game in the front.
I really did like this place. It has a "hipster" kind of atmosphere, but it's a good group of folks and I could see myself stopping in if I lived in the area.I don't think you can smoke in here anymore?  It didn't smell smokey and neither was anyone smoking inside there.
Anyhow, the art on the walls was amazing, so much stuff to look at.  I definitely love to support local coffee shops as well as local artists.  Free wi-fi and lots of pastries and teas.  Unfortunately the quality of the coffee was just a bit disappointing, but it wasn't terrible.  The chai is mellow but good.  Very cool people working here.
I think i just have a hard time with the quality of drinks.  I think it's decent, but it's easy to find good coffee in new orleans, but i think what makes Flora stand out is the atmosphere and unique feel it has.I wanted to like this place - lots of plants, seemed really cool. But I got the butternut squash soup and it was pretty awful. :( Hope the other stuff is better.Perfectly charming, perfectly imperfect coffeshop. Definitely caters to the local crowd. The hot chocolate is great in the winter, the burritos are good whenever, the people watching is excellent all the time. One of my favorite coffeeshops in the city!Such a great surprise! We walked in for a coffee and stayed for the happy hour dishes: great yuca fritta, yummy beef empanada and sweet plantains.
We need to come back for a full meal. The serve all three!It was pouring rain and we were waiting for a cab so to regroup we stopped in.  I have a great espresso.   They have art installments and serve food.
If you want a good cup of coffee stop in.Casual homophobia and transphobia of the Iranian owner of this place is subtle but if you speak Persian, Ali the owner will think you are also a fellow homophobe and he will talk shit all the time. Happened to me and I am an Iranian queer person. Never go there. He thinks he is better than you because he is a fucking straight, religious man. I mean, really? In marigny neighborhood of nola u can have such businesses and it sucks big time.Eclectic coffee shop w some baked goods&  a wide variety of tazo teas.  They hold backgammon tournaments every sunday eve @ 6:30 so will have to come back & check out then.  They also have computers w internet access, but didn't check on cost (& since i'm using my smart phone, its hardly a requirement for me anymore)I live in New Orleans and work at a local cafe/bakery. As I was headed home from a failed work out, I was craving coffee and a snack. Went into Flora's and immediately was welcomed by the long time counter person as if we were old friends! I asked for the breakfast, which was clearly unavailable at the time, and told that I could have anything I wanted. I had the omlete with potatoes, toast and sausage. After a short talk with the friendly counter person, my food arrived piping hot and full of flavor. A wonderful meal that I inhaled and was thoroughly satisfied with. Drip coffee was good, service was great, atmosphere a little over stimulating. Something for everyone there, families and dogs, too! Hours are great: 6A-12A open 365!!!Flora's is in the Vortex of the Marigny- the hippest neighborhood in New Orleans. As a previous poster said, if you go there enough you will see impromptu parades coming down the street. The limited menu is very good and very reasonably priced- EVERYTHING is good, although I favor the quesadillas. I think Wednesday nights are backgammon nights. I used to live across the street and visited 1-2 times a week. I must take offense to a couple of posts that referred to the people there as "sketchy" or "lowest common demoninator". I suspect those posters do not get out of their gated community much.Adorably funky coffee shop in hip part of town. Cash only though so be sure to bring some. Delicious pastries and savories. Outstanding coffee, hot or iced. No skim milk though so splurge on whole. Banged up upright in the other room invites local talent to light up the room. Lively piano tunes while you sip coffee and read Offbeat or Where Y'at. It's that kind of place.It is a very comfortable place for me to go. I'm very picky about places that I hang out at due to the communication barrier that I experience as a deaf person. Flora's employees are more than friendly when communicating with me. 
Their breakfast food IS THE BEST! I recommend the breakfast burrito or 3 eggs dish with LAMB MEAT! Their lamb meat is simply out of the world fucking amazing.
I also enjoy drinking their iced coffee, it's deliciously cheap! 
Great place for indie, artists, and down-to-earth people to hang.I liked hanging out at this place. Lots of locals, open late. It's got a much more divey, cozy vibe to it than envie, the other coffee shop I spent a lot of time at while in town. Great place to read, or write, a book.Flora is the bomb! Great food, especially the gyros. Plus, they use a local coffee company located in the Bywater, Try Me Coffee. The guy who runs it, Ali, is really sweet too. I love everyone who works there. I've spent many weekends just hanging out there.I'll admit - I've only had their iced coffee. But it's so good I can't bring myself to mix things up. This is the perfect place to sit outside, read a book, and drench yourself in caffeine. The owner is incredibly attentive and will refill your glass or bring you bug spray. The clientele is so varied, it's  a good spot to people-watch (but an even better spot to stop staring and start making friends!)
Definitely worth checking out if you are wandering the Marigny.I have come to love this place. The coffee is not that great, the place is a dive but the location is exceptional for people watching and getting to know new friends. I have met so many people from this place its like a old neighborhood haunt that folks are attracted to but they cant tell you why. Ali the proprietor does serve some great Persian dishes that are enjoyed by omnivores and vegetarians alike. During Ramadan the neighborhood gets together for free meals every night of the season, each one different and wonderful. I love this place, its bike friendly and Chris approved.Dear Flora Cafe,
I love you, and I miss you terribly. When I lived in New Orleans, I even worked at you for awhile. I miss your pesto cream cheese bagels, your falafel, and your pecan pie. I miss your espresso drinks, I miss your phenomenal music, beautiful artwork, amazing foliage, and eclectic employees. I miss you, I miss New Orleans, and if I could give you 6 stars, I would. Ah, those were days. 
Lovely place. If you need somewhere to work on art, read, listen to music, or just daydream in the presence of good people, good food and coffee, and an overall awesome vibe, plunk yourself here for an hour or two.Very Very Friendly and relaxed.  I feel comfortable using the internet and socializing.  There's always that great balance of social liveliness without feeling closed in.  The coffee isn't the best, but the atmosphere manages to feel bohemian and current with a wide  range of people of different ages, interests, and backgrounds.My husband and I stay at a vacation rental around the corner from Flora when we visit NOLA and try as we might to "get out more" we seem to always have our morning coffee and breakfast here. The employees are so nice and personable to us and make us feel like a part of the neighborhood. The space has a cool breeze in the summer and a fireplace lit in the winter. The resident cat makes it feel like home. The espresso is strong and th coffee drinks are well proportioned. I'm always glad to have Flora to come back to when I'm in NOLA.Friendly, eclectic, and neighborly shop. Struck up a conversation with a local and he became a true ambassador making reccomendations for parks, museums, music, restaurants, and more. 
Local music plays while Marigny residents file in to have a snack, grab a coffee, read, play Pictionary, or just conversate with a neighbor.One of the few cafes I know of where customers can (and do) sit inside shirtless, barefoot and possibly playing a musical instrument. I love the laid back vibe.
Guess it's expected, then, that the service will be sub-par. Today I heard the young barista with long blonde hair tell a customer, as the customer finished paying, "we DO work for tips here." Which seemed especially unwarranted since the guy was standing in front of the counter for about five minutes before anyone even took his order.
Most of the food is good, the coffee is decent, but some of the pastries are downright terrible. I didn't know it was possible to make zucchini bread badly.
And yet I keep coming back. Their hours are a blessing, for one thing, and then there's that laid back vibe, and the outdoor seating that feels like a jungle. A place like this just needs a tiny bit of motivation to go from good to great.Love Love Love.
Cafe Flora, I absolutely love you and I miss you terribly.
Thank you for installing a large, flat screen TV during the World Cup and not letting anyone change the channel. Thank you to your employees for sitting, watching, and screaming at the games with us.
Thank you for Pemesto bagels (amazingly yummy - as is all your food).
Thank you for humouring us and serving "cold hot chocolate." To this day I have no idea what you were serving us, but it was good.
Thank you for free wireless internet and the computers in the back one could pay to use.
And most of all, thank you for being a wonderful retreat from the harsh realities of the world which was New Orleans post-Katrina. You helped us all get away from the stress of gutting, rebuilding, and everything required of us in order to recuperate from the Aftermath.
Thank you. Collapsing in one of your chairs at the end of a hard day's work was what I looked forward to every day. You didn't even care that I was filthy, sweaty, and probably bleeding. You didn't care if I ordered something or not. You let us hang out. It meant more than you know.like the other reviewer said, "typical punk coffee shop", full of hipsters"Fantastic atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing food!  We came early for breakfast and I tried the pemesto bagel (bagel with cream cheese, pesto and tomato), and my husband had the breakfast burrito.  Both were delightful as was the coffee.This place is screaming for a phone call to be made to the BOARD OF HEALTH!!!! I can't say enough about how dirty this place IS. Coffee was left after one sip as it was to gritty to drink. Outside the place has an odor that is just overwhelming. The waitress was very friendly and attentive,  but the "shoot cops" tattoo on her arm definitely gave a negative impression. I give this place  a BIG  until they clean up  a LOT.Good food, decent prices, late-night service and cool bohemians/anarchists.The coffee was superb! The young lady behind the counter was the epitomy of Southern hospitality and her piano playing was just beautiful. The owner was warm and genuine with insightful conversation. It will definitely be a stop on any visit to New Orleans in the future. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this fabulous cafe.Amazing food, service, location! BEATS IHOP ANY DAY! Loved the homey atmosphere and the homemade style cooking. Cant wait to go again!Old, cozy building. Non-fussy menu. Nice staff. There was a guy playing piano, which I loved. I only drank coffee, but I want to come back to try the curry.Definitely one of the standbys in the Marigny for good, cheap food in a charming place.  Nothing fancy but the people here are great.  I usually go for breakfast but the grilled kebabs at dinner are good, too.  I also like the black beans and rice and the burritos.  Service is so-so but always friendly.  Outdoor seating is great for people watching or dining with your dog.I admit it took me awhile to try this place.  But boy am I glad I did!  The breakfast burrito alone is worth the walk over.  And they serve real cold drip coffee.  Not just coffee that was made yesterday and left in the fridge.  The owner is exuberant and funny and the staff is lovely.  I do have to limit myself to weekend visits only. Because I can't afford to replace all my pants with plus-sizes (Yes.  The breakfast burrito is THAT good!)  Fun fact!  If you address any of the employees as "Jess", there's a better than 50/50 chance that you will be correct.  I can't explain it.  It's like all the "Jessicas" within the metropolitan area are magically drawn here.  (The owner, however, is NOT Jess.)The location is good, the seating outside is good, employess good, food good, they have burrito ,, falafals etc. coffee and espressos not so good. But works.. I go everyday still.. Check it outVery cool spot to come and chill by yourself or with a friend, but come for the good times, as the coffee is not very good.Very nice owner, the environment is cosy and relaxing, totally recommend it for chilling out .Hippy / hipstery neighborhood cafe with great food and incredibly friendly service.  
Showed up around 11:30 one day, and while disappointed to have missed the breakfast specials (pancakes and something else), settled for a bean burrito.  Hot and delicious.
When the server / counterwoman noticed our NOLA guidebook, she started giving us non-touristy recommendations that were very much appreciated.  
Note that as hinted at by the hippy / hipstery line above, this is the type of place where when asked about visiting shops for the non-touristy, local arts scene, we were told, "We make art for each other".Excellent writing cafe. Just enough tables to sit and work for a few hours without ever feeling like you're overstaying your welcome. The baristas are sweet and the patrons are friendly and the whole place has the perfect neighborhood feel I was looking for while I was in town. I'll be returning on my next trip. 
(NB: The card minimum is $5.)Just randomly stopped by and eat a great sausage burrito. A guy is playing some jazz on the piano and there's a great vibe!Great selection of food (mainly breakfast), friendly service, and convenient location far enough away from the bars. 
Seating can be an issue but that's more of a compliment seeing as it's usually full.I went to this place right near the place j was staying two days in a row. I told the cook that the omelette - which I ate both days - was quite possibly the best I've ever had. Seriously and I am not even exaggerating. The potatoes are the bomb and exactly like I make them with delicious garlic and onions and the potatoes crispy on the outside but not overdone. I also am a coffee snob and I'm from Seattle so the Espresso shots were perfectly drawn with rich, not burnt coffee. If I come back to NOLA one day I'll be visiting this place again.Stopped by while walking around Bywater - a cute shop with patrons playing music and decorated masks on walls. We had ice tea, a cappuccino and an iced mocha- all delicious and reasonably priced. Not to be missed!Ah, Flora Cafe. This place has some serious pros and some cons. First things first, it is Cash only so make sure you've got some dolla dolla bills (or you can use their ATM). This place always attracts the most funky and interesting folks. It's got a super divey vibe (which is unusual for most coffee shops). The atmosphere is definitely homey but it borders on almost feeling a little run down. It's a very very fine line and they ride it kind of hard. The bathroom is usually a mess and there's writing all over the walls. There isn't A/C as far as I can tell but there are heaters so you are usually pretty set during the 4 weeks of winter we get. The art they have on display though is always the coolest and it's from local artists! 
The best thing about Flora is the food. Holy smokes. All of their Turkish fare is finger-licking good. Would highly recommend getting their Borek or homemade pastries. Their fresh pressed juice is also tasty and much cheaper than Satsuma. Unfortunately, their coffee/espresso is far from the best in town. It's usually pretty weak, burnt, or old tasting. As a former barista, I tend to be a little critical about coffee. 
I've worked out of this shop quite a few times and their wifi is free but it's usually kind of wonky. It's not the strongest. Sometimes I have to hop onto Mimi's wifi if I need to get work done and their internet isn't working. I do love to come here to meet w/ friends though or just people watch. There are always folks working on art, knitting, or playing board games. 
All in all, I still prefer some of the other cafes/coffee shops in the area to work out of, but Flora is a fun and funky spot to catch up with friends especially if you're feeling snacky.Great spot with an eclectic crowd serving a delicious pemesto bagel. Local hang out with a chill vibe. Ali is the man!I walked by this coffee shop for months before a friend brought me in. The best breakfast I've had in the Marigny. It tastes like whoever cooked it actually CARES. Eggs were cooked perfectly and some of the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had. I'm not a turkey bacon person, but my friend lives on it says theirs is top notch. 
Coffee is really good and half the cost of neighboring places. The atmosphere is really pretty much perfect. Comfortable tables and chairs, the patrons are a snapshot of why the Marigny is my favorite neighborhood and the music is always chill and eclectic. "Garden State" soundtrack?  Yes please. 
Don't let the sometimes less than friendly groups outside scare you off. This place is legit good.The last time I went to this coffee shop a few years ago,  The staff was really rude. I decided to give it another chance today and they were just as rude. Disappointing.Intersting Internet cafe coffee shop combo in marigny pleasant servers. Needs a good stram cleaning throughout the place.My favorite coffee shop in the city.  Funky little spot, with rad local art inside.  Omar makes excellent dishes, with his random popups depending on the day.  Great coffee, and they do a random array of juices as well.  I particularly enjoyed the watermelon juice and the beet lemonade.  Great spot for vegans as well.  And a great venue to acquire information about all the local groups doing wonderful work in the area.  Many college students frequent here to to their work, and shoot the freeze.  You'll also see some cool stuff going on just having a drink outside,  many parades and such converge on this location, right across from Mimi's.   Been in my rotation for quite some time, for I am social bike rider here in New Orleans.  Definitely I spot to see the random awesomeness you'll only see here in the Big Easy baby!I've frequented this swanky little coffee shop several times while meeting up with friends and it's a nice little coffee shop. The inside is pretty funky and I enjoy browsing through around and I appreciate the art in its different mediums on the walls. The location is nice and right in the Marigny district. Happy sipping, folks!A funky, friendly meeting place for artists, poets & musicians in the Marigny. Excellent espresso & a budget-friendly menu. What it lacks in tidiness it more than makes up for in authentic Bohemian charm. A great place to meet interesting people and have long conversations while watching the world go by & perhaps petting a stray cat. The owner, Ali, is very welcoming and loves to play backgammon with the regulars.Flora Gallery is the place I would take someone if I was trying to explain the concept of "bohemian".
There's a broad mix of local characters inside and out front.  There's one of the lushest and most inviting sidewalk chlorophyll jungles I've seen anywhere outside Malaysia.  No two chairs or tables inside are alike.  The requisite mishmash of wall decoration and public notices that any proper Bohemian establishment would have are there, as well.
As a working stiff with a job and spouse and kids in school in college, I like to stop here and imagine I'm working on my novel or enjoying a coffee on the way to my art studio or just whiling away some time while I wait for the check from the trust fund. There's something refreshing about the slightly inconsistent service, menu offerings, and general atmosphere that you don't get from coffee shops that have a corporate office, even if it's a New Orleans corporate office.  
In the mornings, freshly made muffin or biscuit sandwiches are good choice.  
I've never had a bad cup of coffee here, either.Eclectic and relaxed, this shop epitomizes all that is good about New Orleans. Masks on the walls are made by the owner. Prices are very reasonable. Neighbors come in to grab a bite, but are never too busy to talk to tourists. And they serve a vegan breakfast bowl that I'm still dreaming about!I hate to admit defeat on this one, but it gets cold in New Orleans. During the day it was so pleasant but I still invited concerned stares from the Southerners dressed like they were about to go on an Arctic expedition,
'Honey, are you gonna be warm enough in that sweater?'
A random woman went out of her way to ask me that as I walked down the street, I will never tire of the Southern friendliness.
When night started to fall, the wind picked up and it got chilly, it's the worse type of cold, a damp one. I stumbled on this little cafe just off the warehouses in Uptown. It felt like I was a bedraggled traveler opening up the door to a golden glow of the fire bouncing off the wooden fixtures and beautiful paintings. The mood was relaxed, folks played board games or did their e-mails as mellow music played at just the right level, take note Fiesta Latina.
The moment I went to order a tea I was welcomed with a huge smile,
'Where you from girl?'
'Ireland.'
'No way girl! My friend is from Wexford & I worked in a theatre in Dublin a little while ago.'
'Small world! You do this full time?'
'Oh, I'm an artist, this is where we can display work. If you need anymore water or anything, just holler.'
Very cool. Musicians working on their songs randomly burst into song trying out new tunes, it's just a really happy warm place.I came to Flora Cafe for the first time 14 years ago, in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, when the streets of the city were nearly abandoned, except for the national guardsmen navigating the narrow streets in their Humvees, and the real hardcore residents who either stayed through the storm or returned shortly after to recover their beloved city. Bless those folks!!
Well, at that time Flora  was staffed by a couple old men (owners?) who served up a nice coffee, a bean bowl, or a pastry.  I remember the place being grimy and full of art, a piano, classic board games, playing cards, books, eccentric knicknacks, and god knows what else.  
Returning a decade and a half later, I found the place itself unchanged.  The biggest difference I noticed was that it seems to have become a favorite spot for who I refer to as 'The Sepia Krewe' for their dirty grimy appearance.  These are street punks who seem to revel in filth, and are always accompanied by a few mutt dogs.  None the less, I found a place to drink my coffee, and observe the requisite shenanigans for a while before moving along. The coffee was good, I didn't try the Pemesto Bagel, but from the looks of it they are a favorite.  As I sat, I heard at least 4 folks order it, and even anticipate its deliciosity!  I'll definitely  come back to Flora next time I come to the city, if only to try that bagel!!  This place is a real place, being itself and nothing else.  Oh, one more thing: if the weather is decent, the sidewalk outside is a relaxing place to study, work, or just chill thanks to the lush container garden surrounding the place.  Stop in and get a feel for that crescent city charm, talkin' bout Flora-style!Great little neighborhood coffee shop. I had a cafe au lait, which is evidently not the thing to order here - it was made out of coffee pumped out of a thermos and added milk. Usually a latte is made from espresso. I did not like my coffee. However, this place has a great vibe and tons of outside seats covered with plants. Great place to people watch, hangout, and relax. Dogs allowed. 
Street parking. Two huge newly paved bike paths out front. Everyone was following covid precautions.Wonderful local spot with cozy ambiance and solid breakfast. Nice place to hang out and play backgammon, read a book, play some piano, or do some work. A bit crusty, mom and pop, not expensive and vibey.Local. Comfy. Sans A/C but many shady outdoor seats. Affordable, bring your own cup for tasty fresh envirofriendly rate coffee 1.50 only! Friendly accommodating staff and patrons. No frills kinda place, pet friendly. Recommended.Bonus star for next level, authentic "only-in-NOLA" funkiness.  Full of colorful locals.  I'm hesitant to review a unique spot like this because an onslaught of tourists could ruin it, but it's just far enough from the French Quarter to keep that from happening.
Friendly staff.  Plenty of tables inside, with some books and board games to entertain you while you're hanging around.  More tables outside on both sides of the building.  
Walking up to the entry feels more like you're in a tropical jungle than the Marigny.  Duck behind the banana tree and into the cozy shop, where sensory overload will kick in.  I'm still not sure what all I saw, but I do know that they have good coffee and a case full of tempting breakfast and lunch "grab & go" offerings in addition to a menu from which to choose more traditional options.  I had a gooey cinnamon roll and coffee.  Thoroughly enjoyed both on the sidewalk while soaking up the local vibe.... & 80 degree mid-December sunshine.