First time visiting and totally enjoyed the experience.  Come with an open stomach because everything was delicious. However,  the lamb was my favorite, wish they let you take the entire leg home. Definitely going back again and again. Well worth the price of a 2 part dining experience. 
Signed 
Lady Pork Hater.Although 5 stars is justified it's too soon. Will need a few return trips for that last star. 
First off the service was great by everyone we met. Jelic'e made our night perfect. She was very knowledgable about everything (our first visit so we had lots of questions). Jeremy was a great back up, good personality and nice young man. I advise you don't let these 2 get away. 
Now onto the carnivore fantasy. We thought the two side buffets were an evil play to fill us up. Nope, I loved the black beans, Bacon (that's right bacon) as well as the cheeses and salads. 
Then comes the medley of meat, the bounty of beef or what other moniker you want to attach. I suggest pacing yourself. 
Oh I almost forgot the "pan de quest" or as the wife calls it " gooey goodness "
Ladies, the wife suggest  FOGO PREMIUM CAIPIRINHA. Can't pronounce it at first but after a few of these you would think she was from Brazil. 
This will definitely be on our radar very soon.  
Round 2
Well we put them through their paces again. This time Michael and Tamar were on deck. Michael actually was there to help us this evening and he was great. We met Tamara and she was very nice and knowledgeable. Still trying to find the bad apple I this bunch and it's not happening. 
Kudos Fogo, food was great and service is just as good. 
Take advantage of the valet parking. 
See you guys soon.EXCELLENT food and service. I made reservations ahead of time, when I got there I was sat almost immediately. We got the COOLinary experience which was $39 per person. WORTH IT! Basically a full variety of all you can eat whenever you want. Very clean and friendly environment. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because I don't really eat beef and that's what was coming out the majority of the time; they also have chicken, pork, etc. Will definitely be going back again!Jason & Drew ROCK!!!! 
Went to "Fogo" with my entire Denka Plant Shift: Total of 16 people. Since we waited for everyone in the group to arrive, several couples were waiting at the bar. Fortunately, this is when we met Jason & Drew (The Mixologists). They mixed things that looked beautiful, but TASTED GREAT!!! Also, they understand the chemistry of alcohol!!!! Big "+" in NOLA!!! The food was great, the service was nice, and Jason & Drew kept us laughing while waiting. I'm a "Local". I know what's good and not. Many times, my wife and I go to the "Fogos" in Texas. Which "Fogo" depends on her meetings and flights. But, the "NOLA Fogo" with Jason & Drew behind the bar is a treat!!!!Enjoyed some wonderful Brazilian Bites at Happy Hour. Shredded short rib sliders and spicy Brazilian Empanadas. Washed down with a nice Malbec.Consider this place if the carnivore in you needs to be heard and your budget is ~$70.00 per person. Ribeye was great as well as the the Top Sirloin. Chicken?? Forget about it. The salad bar was uninspiring. Ask for Chimmichurri Sauce and thank me later.Although 5 stars is justified it's too soon. Will need a few return trips for that last star. 
First off the service was great by everyone we met. Jelic'e made our night perfect. She was very knowledgable about everything (our first visit so we had lots of questions). Jeremy was a great back up, good personality and nice young man. I advise you don't let these 2 get away. 
Now onto the carnivore fantasy. We thought the two side buffets were an evil play to fill us up. Nope, I loved the black beans, Bacon (that's right bacon) as well as the cheeses and salads. 
Then comes the medley of meat, the bounty of beef or what other moniker you want to attach. I suggest pacing yourself. 
Oh I almost forgot the "pan de quest" or as the wife calls it " gooey goodness "
Ladies, the wife suggest  FOGO PREMIUM CAIPIRINHA. Can't pronounce it at first but after a few of these you would think she was from Brazil. 
This will definitely be on our radar very soon.Went for my boyfriend's 40th birthday, and the food and service were excellent!  We had no idea what we were getting into. We should have definitely paced ourselves, but the meat just kept coming; and we wanted to try everything.Everything you can possibly want from delicious potato salad to mouth watering sirloin and filet mignon. The service was friendly, funny, and entertaining. All smiles from the staff the whole time. The different assortment of meats was massive in the best way possibly. For $40 per person with all you can eat different cuts of meat; this is definitely worth it. I can say that i was very satisfied with my first time experience. Also, save room for the dessert! Their key-lime pie, mousse cake and molten chocolate cake and deliciousThis was our first time...service and the food was outstanding.  All the different types of meats they serve you were delicious and the strawberry  hibiscus drink was soooo good. My wife and I will definitely come back.Costly Food Not So Impressive 
Here's a place that serves a variety of salad and Brazilian style meat choices, all you care to eat for $50.00 for the full menu choices. There's a serve- yourself salad bar, average in my opinion, but the meats are delivered to your table as long as the medallion on the table is turned on the green side that lets the servers know to come to your table with the meat offerings. If you choose to try some, the server cuts a piece off for you. They continue to come with different types of meat thereafter until you turn the medallion over on the red side. As far as I'm concerned, the quality of the meat is mediocre, meaning that some of the expensive cuts appear to be less than choice grade cuts, some a bit tough to chew. This particular location is in New Orleans, has valet parking is available for $10.00, something never mention when I called to inquire about parking. Bottom line, I was not impressed and preferred the Texas Brazilian in the Baton Rouge area serving similar style buffet.We were starving when we sat down to eat at FDC, so I think they had an early advantage. Everything tastes better when you're hungry, right?! Wrong! While I wouldn't say the food was terrible, for $180 (2 ppl, including tip) it wasn't good. The salad bar was ok, but I'm not sure where it belongs in a Brazilian steakhouse. There were Italian meats, potato salad, butternut squash soup. My husband already had a few rounds of meat before our sides showed up. They were room temperature and small portions for table sides. They also delivered rolls to the table, halfway through the meal. Now the meat. When I think of Brazilian steakhouse, I think of juicy flavorful meat. We didn't get any of that. Everything was dry and flavorless. By far the worst selection, however, was the chicken wrapped in bacon. Totally gross. There are so many other places in New Orleans where I rather eat! I will say in closing that the tres leches cake was delicious. It was my first time having the dessert and I'll definitely get it again, just somewhere else.We went today for five friends July birthdays. The service was incredible, we were never once without anything we needed. The food was so good, we will definitely be back soon! Everything was seasoned really well and a good variety of food. Absolutely awesome!The best: candied black pepper BACON!
The good: the wine list has a lot of choices at reasonable markup. The lamb loin and chops, ribeye, and the house specialty are delicious. Many of the others including the filet are so well-done they're seconds from charcoal. Salad bar/marketplace bar is fresh and tasty. 
The meh: is mostly tourists and shouldn't be considered fine dining. 
The bad: brigade service, you get three people asking you if everything is OK, in rapid succession, then ten top fifteen minutes of isolation. Hope you don't expect anyone to pour your wine. A lot of the meat is nearly charcoal. 
The worst: you sirens all night waiting for the bacon wrapped filet to come by. You cut it open and it's ashen gray and dry. I've had moister jerky.Carlos and the staff were AMAZING! The service was impeccable and everyone was so nice and accommodating. We opted for a great bottle of wine to go with all of the 16 different meat selections! If you're a carnivore this the place for you... stay away from the delicious little table breads though, so you have more room for all the meat!My boyfriend and I went on Friday night and were seated in less than 5 mins. The salad bar had plenty of options and the sides (polenta, garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas) were all enough to accompany the variety of meat...after all we're there for the meat! The meats came around constantly and we were able to request specific meats that had not come around yet. Some of the flavors of the meats were really good but others could've been a bit more seasoned. The drinks (Regular caipirinha and the Passionate caipirinha) were very good. 
The only thing that affected our experience negatively was the couple sitting next to us requested to be moved to another table as they were celebrating their "anniversary" and stated that we were staring at them. Well, thanks to their rudeness, we got our dessert for free! Our servers Kiley & Fernanda were awesome...they came to us after the incident and offered the complimentary dessert and this made for an amazing experience! 
Thank you Fogo de Chao, we will be back!This is late, but I came here twice so far. One time for dinner in March and one time for lunch a few months later. Sometimes I like to dip my veggies in hummus, and tell myself I could totally live the rest of my life with just veggies. Then sometimes I eat meat, really good meat. The first time here, it was not really good meat.  I was so disappointed in the meats.  The temperatures were all wrong, and so darn chewy.  Our main server was outstanding, and she was so funny (wished I could've remembered her name)! I said I'd never return, because they didn't bring the fogo. 
Well, I came back a few months later for lunch, and I remembered something; I can't live without really good meat. I don't know if it was just me, but i felt like everyone did a much better job.  Once again, I can't remember my server's name this time, but she was also amazing (so were the carvers this time)! I figured out a little something here. 1. Order a temperature below what you really want. 2. Ask for the sauces. Chimichurri and the hot sauce made me wish I could put them on everything I eat.Very good, go hungry!! Salad bar was not an ordinary one, lots of unique items!! The MEAT is fabulous!! Service was awesome!!We went for our anniversary, and the experience wasn't worth it at all. The market bar had variety of different foods but was limited. The meats that we tried were pretty decent, and the cocktails were great. What sucked the most was the service. We looked young, so they treated us like kids. We had to ask for everything, starting from the cocktails to picking up our check. I even saw the manager and servers  go to other tables multiple times and skip over ours. It was just rude. I work in the service industry, so I get it. But that's not how you should treat people.Of course the food was incredible but the service was what truly impressed me. From the second we walked in to the minute we left (over 2 hours) every single person we interacted with was phenomenal! The gauchos and servers paid attention to the meat temperature we each preferred, what meats we liked best & our favorite cuts and tailored their service accordingly. 
Don't be in a rush! Take your time and enjoy the experience. Don't skip the lamb chop or the parmesan pork chop...they melt in your mouth.This was a great place to go and celebrate my sons birthday. The food was all very good.  The meats were seasoned and will be served to your desire temp.  The staff was extremely attentive and friendly.  Everyone at the table enjoyed the Brazilian experienceI will never go back to the disaster that is Fogo De Chao. I made reservations on Feb 15th for a 2/27 2pm reservation and they closed at 3pm - at least they did when I booked my reservation. We get there at 2:05pm. The world's bitchiest hostess does not welcome us, just says, "WE ARE CLOSED". I believe her name was Joy? - She worked the lunch shift on 2/27 so not 100% sure of her name. I smile after her unwelcomed greeting and say we have reservations. She lied and said you made them at 1:30 and we close at 2pm. I informed her that the website stated they close at 3 when I booked it, I booked at 2pm and showed her my phone with the reservation. She said we are closed. 
I asked for the manager and the world's bitchiest manager, which was Ebony, appears. She said she closed the front door at 2pm and since we were not here, she shut off the burners. I said, we got here at 2:05, every restaurant gives a 15 minute leeway. She said they don't and explained there is no food. I asked her if what she was saying is if we had walked through those doors at 2:00, you'd have food? She said yes, all the burners are turned off. I told the small minded Ebony, I understood there is limited food now that apparently yall close at 2pm (and not 3 like I initially saw) but that is IGNORANT for you to say you can't accommodate a family on their birthday, who commuted an hour to eat here, who walks in 5 min after their reservation when they were informed the restaurant closed at 3pm. 
We then asked them to validate the parking and she rudely said, they no longer validate for lunch and offered no solutions. She was completely inhospitable and lazy and should not be working with the public. Neither should the hostess. Finally, the world's smartest General Manager appears. Apologizes for everything, admitted they did change the hours (apparently in the 2 week span I booked the reservations), they also changed the parking validation because of New Orleans politics, also said he was flown in from TX FdC for a month because the people at the NOLA FdC are completely incompetent - in so many words - and to fix all their hick ups. He said he would fire up the burners for us and get more food on the salad bar. He also offered us 4 free future dinners or lunches. We said thanks, but no thanks. We didn't believe there would be 16 different cuts of FRESH meat available to us at this point, we will dine elsewhere. The first time I went here, it wasn't this disastrous, but it did fail - service was slow, meat was all bloody, and the filet mignon came around twice even though we asked everyone multiple times for the filet. This was our second attempt. FdC won't last a year especially with that horrible staff.If you like steak this is the place for you. They are quick to get you in and it is impossible to leave hungry. The service is good and you'll experience many different cuts of meats.Came down for Mardi Gras with a few fellas, food was great, service was sub-par so that decrease substantially my rating. Spoke to management and he explains short staff issues, NOT an excuse, especially during the biggest party of the year. Piss poor management on his part, mismanagement should not be an excuse. I would give them a benefit of the doubt, understandable, short staff was an issue but should never be an excuse. Next time a simple apology would suffice.Food was good, but wish the salad bar had more variety. They had butternut squash soup( I've had better). The service was great and fast. Overall a great place when in the city!Awesome bar with great service! Jason is an awesome bartender and really connects with his customers. Came here two nights in a row and the food made it that much better!Fogo De Chao should be renamed to Fogo De Cow.
It's a given that you should come here ready to eat. There's a huge variety of meats (chicken, lamb, beef, pork) and a market fresh table. The market fresh table has a variety of salads, cheeses, veggies, and smoked meats.
Everything is so incredibly delicious it is difficult to formulate an attack plan. I always tell myself if I can stomach 6 lamb chops than I've gotten my money's worth!This place is epic!  Incredible to think I've waited this long to try it.  Every type of meat they brought out was so perfectly tender and well seasoned.  Will be back very soonMy wife and I went Dec 2nd To celebrate her birthday. The service was not good at all.  We were only offered a drink menu. The waiter never offered any appetizers nor food menu. The waiters knew it was our first time there. It took a great deal of time to bring out the bottle of wine we order. The people serving the meat rarely came to our table, although our green card was up. It was clear as day that all of the other tables were constantly being served. I had to ask for meat to be served at our table. I had to ask for clean plates. I had to ask for the meat again, although we have new plates on our table and our cards were turn on green. Then I was asked, "what kind of meat I would like?" I was never informed of the various kind.  When I did ask, it took some time for the bacon to come out. The entire staff, especially the first to introduce himself tried to avoid eye contact with us whole time and walk fast when passing our table. .. when at a distances, they would stare and whisper. Towards the end, when we ask for the check book that's when people came to our table. It was an awful experience. I have been to other Brazilian steakhouses. I was told great things about this establishment, too bad I didn't experience one. The food was ok, but I had such a disgust taste in my mouth due to the services and staring.Excellent! The service and setting were wonderful. However, just to add to the experience it would have been nice to have light Brazilian music playing in background, and maybe a server walking around offering cigars out of a box (just as they do with tea). $50 per person gets you the salad buffet and the meats; there were around 11 types of meat.We booked a table for for on Open Table and we're seated right away. Hubby and I always enjoy a good Brazilian steakhouse, and Fogo has never once let us down. The candied bacon, thick shaved Parmesan, Brazilian cheese bread, and roasted bananas are some of my favorite things. 
I enjoyed the delicious meats, hospitable service, and upscale dining experience. Not a local place, but an established restaurant that steps up to the plate and hits a home run each and every time.I've been to a few Brazilian steak houses between the U.S. and Canada, but Fogo is hands down the best around.  The wait staff and manager checked on us so many times that we felt like VIP'S.  The food was all top notch and the meats were brought around very frequently.  The only thing that could have been better was the price, but if you want quality, then you have to pay for it!Stay away, stay FAR away!  We hail from Chicago and comparatively speaking, this restaurant is doing such a disservice to NOLA and the FDC chain.  Let me preface this review by saying that we are foodies and have a higher than normal expectation when it comes to service, atmosphere and food, especially when paying $50.  I have visited other Brazilian steakhouses of similar concept (Brazaza's, Texas de Brazil) this FDC does not even enter the same universe.  You would be better off spending your $150 at a locally owned restaurant.  Never again...never!
Service: Awkward, absent and awful.  Service started off with promise but quickly turned into an experience you would expect from a dive bar with only one person working the floor.  We were never checked on, once.  We had plates piling up on our table from the salad bar only to be cleared by a someone who asked if we were done with each item on the table all 8 of them...annoying.  Table side appetizers (banana's, yucca fries and mash) were never refreshed as they should have been.  It took 25 minutes from time I asked for the check until we were able to leave.
Cleanliness and atmosphere:  What a disappointment.  Each time going to the salad bar, I had to rummage through 5+ plates before I could find one with no food residue or grit on them (top and bottom of plate).  The single wine glass on our table had a black piece of food residue on it, but there was never an opportunity to send it back!  Our table?  Number 70 something, maybe 75 was so wobbly loose I couldn't rest my hands on it - what he hell?  For $50 a plate I expected so much more.
Food: Complete and utter miss.  I understand this location is brand new but cooking meat is what you're known for!  The garlic beef, even though he asked what temp you wanted, all that was on the skewer was well done dry and disgusting garbage.  The lamb?  Blue, ice cold in the middle, inedible waste of life.  Sausages so dry and over cooked they could not be enjoyed.  Top sirloin was dry and again inedible.  It almost seemed like they didn't give the meat time to rest before serving.  As they cut the meat at the table juice was pouring out often splattering on the table and our clothes, what a juvenile move and so disappointing.  Bacon wrapped filet was a very cheap cut, stringy, gristly, inedible.  The mash served table side was cold, dry, inedible.  As you cut through it with the spoon, it broke off in pieces!  The salad bar was also way below par when compared to other restaurants in the same concept.  
We both left hungry and disgusted.  Ruined our night.Left me flat. Tried it once before and swore I wouldn't return but I did. Decent salad bar selection with 5 or 6 cheeses and lots of quality tidbits but needed better signage. It did not pop. Lamb was bad, mashed potatoes needed salt and shaker at table was empty. Bananas were super. Hostess was great! Waitstaff seemed nervous and lacked confidence. Overall bad trade for 50$. I could have done better. Setting was pretty but it failed to win me over againSo upset that I had such a bad experience at Fogo de Chao the other day. The restaurant was empty, yet my boyfriend and I were seated next to two men who stared and talked about us in a foreign language until we asked the manager to please re seat us.
Our new table was even noisier, and right by the bar where I could hear the waitress behind me, on her phone with her boyfriend telling him how much she couldn't wait to see him that night.  
The food was good but not cheap. Not worth the 50$/meal. The servers lacked proper management and the ambiance was unacceptable for such a nice restaurant. We didn't see our waitress the entire dinner, and the ever-present feeling of management watching/ talking about us forced us to end our dinner early and leave. 
I will never eat here again. There are a lot of better options in this city and I would not recommend spending your money Fugo de Chao.This time will be the third I dined in the restaurant, but before was in Vegas and now it's in New Orleans! The food quality was good but not as great as in Vegas, but the service is definitely way better than the one in Vegas! The floor manager was super nice, she made sure everything taking care of, my boyfriend accidentally knocked over the wine and she gave us extra one. Overall the experience is very pleasant.We received a free lunch or dinner for dining on Valentines Day so this was our second visit to Fogo De Chao.. The first experience was awesome and the second visit was even better. The food was hot and fresh and seasoned to perfection. Those cheese biscuits and black beans and rice soup taste super delicious. All of the staff were very attentive and eager to help. This time the kitchen manager Ebony came out to see if the guests were enjoying their food and even waited on us if we needed something. We will definitely be back...Péssima experiência!!! Buffet de saladas muito ruim. Garçons despreparados, fazem sempre o mesmo trajeto, ou seja, se sua mesa estiver mais ao canto a carne não chegará nunca. Carne nada saborosa. Totalmente desaprovado!!!Oh Fogo! You are the only chain restaurant that New Orleaneans will come to love. New Orleaneans tend to avoid chains, but I'm telling all of you. Do not skip over this place. 
I went with my boyfriend for an early Valentine's celebration. First off, the place is huge. But, don't let that intimidate you because the service and food do not fall short due to the amount of volume that they do. The salad bar is probably my favorite part. The bar is incredibly fresh and has EVERYTHING! I love Brazilian steakhouses because you get to try a variety of meats, and when I tell you, every cut was amazing. EVERY CUT WAS AMAZING. I even tried different temps of each cut that I tried and all of them tasted delicious. 
The staff from the host stand to the GM was friendly, engaging, and incredibly knowledgable about their food, concept and history. Lyn was a true gem and David, the GM made my boyfriend and I feel like celebrities. I forgot our server's name but she was adorable and energetic. 
I will be back many many times. Ted made a great decision on bringing Fogo to NOLA.The first time I went here I was blown away by the whole idea of non-stop meat. Well this time I took three newbies with me and they were amazed - one being my 11 year old.  The service here is A+++. Everyone wascourteous, friendly and helpful. Our main wait person was the best. She really knew how to cater to all of us - including the 11 year old. Everything from the Market Table & Feijoada Bar, endless meats and dessert were delicious. In the words of my kid - AMAZING!  We'll definitely be back!I was at New Orleans for a conference and made a couple of new friends and we all went there to chill. Lucky for us, it was Happy hour. We started with complimentary cheese breads. They were little bites of deliciousness. They kept refilling them and we weren't ashamed to ask for more. They were so so good.
This is a fancy place. And the cocktails are GOOD! They are $14 generally but at Happy hour they are $8. Try their baked pineapple old-fashioned- they will be the best thing you have tasted. The whiskey goes down smooth and the subtle hints of pineapple just compliment beautifully. We also tried their strawberry Caipirinha and the passion fruit Caipirinha. Delicious, packed with fruit, not doused with syrup- AMAZING!
Definitely worth a visit!!Decided to try this place for lunch in lieu of driving to Texas de Brazil in Baton Rouge. I had a $25 off discount and the final bill for 2 was still like 70 bucks. Definitely not worth that price. Some of the cuts of meat were good but most of them were a bit bland. The salad area left much to be desired..there were no labels to indicate what you would be eating..good thing I'm adventurous and not allergic to anything. I got the impression they r trying so much not to be like the competition that they missed the mark a bit. On a brighter note, the fried polenta and cheese biscuits were great!The restaurant is very clean and attractive. The salad  bar was excellent. The service was outstanding, I can not speak enough about the service. The meat they bring to your table is flavorful but I did find the chicken and some beef on the dry side.Food and a service was outstanding!  I took my 13 year old son who loved everything item served. The entire staff was friendly and the service was exceptional. Hats of the the manger who was on the floor and visiting every table. Very pleasant, supporting the staff by helping take care of the guests. (did not catch her name)Sunday 15th around 4:30pAttentive servers, the salad bar had great variety and everything was super fresh, and all of the meat was steaming hot, perfectly cooked and packed with flavor! Not to mention our desserts, we chose the creme brûlée and the chocolate mousse cake. They were both out of this world!!!Some buddies and I were pumped about Fogo coming to the Big Easy.  So we booked a table for 6 on a Friday night and did a guys night.  
We had a reservation for 7pm, but it took Fogo a while before the table was ready.  The place wasn't packed by any stretch, but they said they were thin on wait staff...or whatever.  This was disappointing.  I've eaten out before.  I get it.  Not everyone gets seated exactly at 7pm for a 7 resi, but this was more like 7:30 or 7:40.  Too long to wait for all you can eat steak.
Then, we were seated in the back of the restaurant on the 2nd floor.  I do not think there was a worst table in the house, unless there is one inside of the men's bathroom.  There were so many available tables, and they put us in the back corner.  Whatever.  We were determined to make the best of this night.  Our servers were really nice and the gauchos were doing their best, but our service was subpar.  They kept throwing the less desirable cuts at us.  Yeah right Fogo.  I didn't come to dinner for pork sausage.  We continually asked any gaucho or waitress in the vicinity to send us our requested pieces of meat.  It was kind of a battle.  And I think the table position put us in a blind spot of the staff or something.  
In the end, we had our fill.  It took a while, but eventually, we all left stuffed.  Frankly, we weren't going to be denied.  We had been looking forward to steakfest for weeks.  Me and my buddies have been to plenty of Brazilian steak houses including some other Fogo's.  We thought this was quite a weak showing.  I hope to repeat Fogo de Chao.  I want them to be better next time.After learning my flight to Boston was cancelled until the next morning and that every hotel in the area was completely booked, Jason at Bar Fogo helped me forget my sorrows. After a great glass of wine, charcuterie board, and fantastic accoutrements on the house, my worries had melted away. All around wonderful staff, ambience, and food!!!My friends took me here for my birthday dinner. Everyone was extremely friendly and welcoming. 
The salad bar was very clean and had many choices. There was a good variety of greens and cheeses. The chicken salad and baked salmon were really good. The meats came around in a timely manner. There were steaks, porks, chicken and lamb choices. My favorite was the medium rare ribeye. So tender and juicy. Sauces are available, so ask!
A server said that she'll take care of the tres leches I ordered since it was my birthday which was really kind. The cake was a bit dry. The flan we ordered was too dense for my liking.
Great place if you're feeling fancy.We go to fogo in Houston, Texas frequently. On a trip to New Orleans, we decided to go to this fogo. Took us a long time to get served, and the place was not busy. We asked for beef ribs 6 Times, and it took about 25 minutes to receive. We really like fogo, but a little disappointed at our experience at this particular one.4 of us were in town for a convention and wanted some good meat like some steaks. The usuals like Mortons and Ruth's Chris are there, but we started walking to see what else was around.  I'm glad we chanced upon Fogo De Chao.  Plenty of fruits and veggies at the central station but I was completely happy with the smoked salmon and some cured sausages and hard cheeses to start with.  Then I moved on to so more smoked salmon(grin).
With our convention in town, it was busy.  I would suggest reservations.  The staff was excellent and always attentive without being in our faces. The female manager that was on duty was to be seen everywhere and clearly had trained the staff very well as it was a well oiled machine where staff moved about with purpose and the self serve areas were always stocked and clean and neat and the meat servers were always available with new and varied grilled offerings.  Even though the waitstaff were doing a lot and doing it quickly, the atmosphere was calm.
The meats were overall good and unless you simply do not like grilled meat then they will certainly come up with something that you'll like. I like salty, but certain meats did come out too salty.  But since it's just a little slice, just move on.  No big deal. The melt in your mouth grilled ribs were Unbelievably Good.
The friendly and professional manager stopped by numerous times and happily swapped out fresh dishes for us, ordered up drinks, answered our drink suggestions and was great.  She was hands on to running the place and she said that's what all staff people are trained to do; take care of something if it needs tending to.
Its not perfect place.  I'm sure you could nit pick it. I think it's a perfectly great experience at a ridiculously good value and we all had a great time and could not fault the service one bit.  The food, atmosphere and service combined into a really nice relaxing but fun business casual dinner.  I'd go back in a heartbeat.I do not eat a lot of  red meat but sometimes I crave a great steak (has to be a good one). I was in town for the weekend visiting and decided to try the lunch. The meats were delicious. I enjoyed it. The cheese bread that I heard so much about was just okay to me and the buffet (veggies, fruits, salads etc) had a few things that were pretty good. All an all it wasn't what I expected but  I would return. I did the review just to post about a particular server, Jonathan. He was a pleasure. Things that the waitress said they didn't have (straws that were already wrapped in paper) he brought and was especially attentive. He made a decent experience much more pleasurable. Also, IDK who the girl is with the gold/ blonde braids was but she brought me a straw with her bare hands and put it in my water. Ma'am?!?!?! Who does that? LOL I almost died (OCD)! Anyhoo, the food was good but my expectations were a little  more.Date night with the boyfriend. Chose this place mostly because he had never been and it had been a few years since I had been. Also they were having a dinner special for Coolinary month in Nola. It was very crowded since it was Friday night and also the last night of the Coolinary special. First impression was bomb tho since we were seated within seconds of arriving since we had a reservation. The server was prompt and made a good drink suggestions. We took her advice and we both had one of the signature caipirinhas which were so good. Light and refreshing but still gave me a nice buzz. The food was good. I enjoyed the selections at the salad bar area. The carved meats were mostly enjoyable even though some of them could have had a little more seasoning. I like the carvers that took a little more time to explain the type of meat they were offering- a few of them did not. We both had dessert. I had the chocolate mousse cake and the BF had cheesecake. I actually liked my dessert more than the meats. I really like the concept of this restaurant so I had a good time overall. I'm curious about their breakfast/brunch so I'm sure at some point we will be back to try it. The atmosphere is really nice, perfect for a date. And valet is only $10 which is nice.Sucks! Used to be better. Full of bureaucracy just to get a table, when the restaurant is practically empty. Very hard to order a proper rare cut of steak. Service must improve along with product quality.If you are a carnivore lover, this is a must to visit and experience!
Pros: Valet Parking in the front of the Restaurant (in front of JW Marriott), Hostess asks what section you would like to dine in which I really loved that they did that, several varieties of gourmet meats being served constantly at your own pace, different artisian cheeses and other salad bar options. The smoked salmon was amazing, along with the fresh fruit options. The best was the bacon! 
The service team was great. I had a trainer, as the head server, named Ron, he was nice. He surely knew how to up sell cocktails and other items such as desert and bottles of wine. Also, sign up for the e-mails on your birthday they send you $25.00 to use in your birthday month!
Cons: It was my birthday and my parents thought that the service team would at least do something little to celebrate my birthday, but no one did anything. Our server, Ron, was a bit loud and outspoken at times. He was training a fairly new server and as my table was finishing up our dining experience he began busting our table when we were just sitting back relaxing not finished eating. He told the server who was training to place all the plates on her tray and head back to the kitchen to empty and she seemed very overwhelmed with the amount of dishes on her tray, he continued to badger her that she could "do it and stop whining". My family did not enjoy that at all, considering I work in the hospitality industry and as a former server, you should not overload yourself if you are not comfortable in my opinion. He also took the empty bottle of wine which I wanted to take home with me since I collect the bottles from every birthday. Our service was a little bit slower, but still enjoyable. Also, we asked our server for certain kinds of sauce to dip with and extra bacon and no one ever brought those items to our table.I absolutely LOVED my first experience here! The staff was kind, attentive and, they made sure that my husband and I were well taken care of. I loved the atmosphere here and we will returm for another meal!Went to this restaurant last night and while the food was good it was certainly not what I have received from them in the past. The service was terrible. We had to keep asking waiters as they passed our table to help us or get us things. We were not even asked the type of temperature we liked our meats and we had to ask for rolls and sides to be brought to the table. I have been to the restaurant before and it has drastically gone down. The manager seemed apologetic and even offered to buy us dessert, but it was so bad at that point we declined and left a smaller tip. I hated to do that, but they did not even earn what we left. I hope they get better!Great place! Great Food! Jason the Bar Tender is Great! Service is Great! But don't leave without asking Jason for a special drink!Amazing service. The food was delicious and Matt has the best cuts. From the very beginning, we were treated like royalty. You definitely should try the top sirloin.To be avoided for breakfast at all costs - beyond bland/dry eggs, potatoes etc.  Service was prompt and friendly, but that's about it - if you're in the area there are many, many, many other/better options...A friend of mine and I stopped for a drink at the bar to wait for our ride. We ended up staying much longer than we had planned because our bartender was so cool. He made us lot of non alcoholic drinks to sample and gave us the yummy bread. More of my friends came and ordered food that looked absolutely amazing. Worth the price!Very disappointing.  A very poor meat selection which was surprising as I have been to Fogo de Chao in other locations.  Certainly not good enough to get me back and now wary of Fogo de Chao in general.Very disappointed. Service was spotty at best. Took three requests to 3 different servers and 20 minutes to get filet without bacon wrapped around it. The cuts they brought out were stringy and fatty. Lamb was puny. Garlic mashed potatoes were dry and lumpy. Called it to manager's attention and suddenly the 'good' potatoes appeared- with the explanation that the first must have been sitting out too long. Yech. Had to ask for smoked salmon to be brought out to salad bar. Bread was cold and mushy. Water glasses were empty and not refilled. Very disjointed service. Staff looked stressed. Just not a good experience for the money. Won't be back. Caio.Trying this place is a must, but bring your appetite! You can't go wrong with whatever you choose from the menu. 
The service was spectacular! Jason and Lindsey were amazing. You must ask for them by name. Trust me on this one...you'll thank me later!The food was delicious.  The servers were quick.  Its a bit pricey BUT you can stay until your tummy explodes!  Their drinks are strong, for me anywaysBreakfast buffet was impressive.  They had all the usual stuff done well.
Then we searched everywhere for the best desert menu after dinner at Mr. B's and found that the best desert menu is right here and the dinner was prob the best place too from what we saw.It's a pretty cool experience! Love how you can try so many different cuts of beef,pork,chicken&lambs! The environment is really nice! It's suppose to be a dressy attire but that's ok. All the meats are amazing! Fresh,hot,tasty,&hit just melts in your mouth! The market table,oh my goddess! EVERYTHING is really fresh and good! If I had a choice to come back I would and I would to recommend it to steak eaters/meat lovers!Honestly I was hesitant to try this place out bc of the terrible reviews from people I know. However, I thoroughly enjoyed this establishment. The staff were incredibly nice and the food was celestial. Will be back!I like it, the wait staff is very attentive. There's an amazing selection of meat to try. Meat lovers dream.So my brother in law came into town today and while we are strolling canal street he insists that we go to FOGO for dinner. This was my first Brazilian steakhouse experience and they did not fail to impress!! The cold veggie bar was very nice and the flavors paired nicely with the servings of meat. The meat was amazing and the portions were perfect. The servers were very kind and accommodating to my wife who is 6 months pregnant and had to have her meat cooked more. I would have given it a 10 out of 10 if it was possible!Excellent service food was A1. Staff messed up the bill, but the service and Hospitality surpassed that.STAY AWAY FROM THE "BRUNCH"!!  I don't know what was "Brazilian" about it - maybe the rude guy making the omelettes????  We nicknamed him Mr. Snarky!!  Otherwise - it was like every breakfast buffet in every hotel in the US...and NOT CHEAP.  Other than getting to be with my family - I would have just as soon had a sausage biscuit somewhere.The restaurant is very clean and attractive. The salad  bar was excellent. The service was outstanding, I can not speak enough about the service. The meat they bring to your table is flavorful but I did find the chicken and some beef on the dry side.Attending a night of the soft opening on 1/6/16 at the New Orleans location, The service was absolutely amazing. Everyone worked as a team making sure you had plenty to eat and drink at all times. Alex was our waiter and he made sure to explain the experience before we began to fill our plates. Our glasses never went unfilled nor did the bread basket. He made sure we always had a clean plate for the next round of meats. Everyone from the hostess to the managers we very welcoming. I would recommend this spot to anyone who likes to kick back and fill their bellies to the top. Gold star from us!OMG  absolutely love the ribeye and the  bacon wrapped filet. And the complementary dessert was amazing My moms really enjoyed her birthday here.Awesome place! We have dined at several locations around the country, and we are excited to have a fogo in NOLA. We always dine at the bar. Jason and Alex take great care of us. The meat selection is very abundant, and the market table offers an unique spin on a traditional salad bar. Check fogo de chao out in Nola.Went in for some cocktails and Jason was our bartender. He did a fantastic job and was so personable and his drinks were amazing!!Went there today for the New Orleans coolinary experience and the restaurant does a swap and switch.    My $39 Coolinary experience, ended up $350 for 4, 2 being children.  I complained to the manager but she only refunded $40.  Please just walk across the street and eat at a real new Orleans restaurant.  Outback quality, at Masa prices.Me and my 2 brothers came to dine here about a week ago and we LOVED it!.. The selections of beef, chicken and pork were delicious! Be sure to get the sweet spicy bacon at the market selections bar. The bar made us caipirinhas that were also delicious like being back in Brazil... We ate so much, that there was no room for dessert. Our 2 servers (Jamie and Angelique) were on point, took great care of us and allowed us to have a good time.   The dining room atmosphere and interaction with the staff was so refreshing and engaging that dessert was an afterthought. We will be back for another Bro's Night Out very soon.My lovely daughter took me here for lunch yesterday. It was a very enjoyable experience. If you love meat, you will be happy here.  The salad bar very much reminded me of being in a Whole Foods.  Imported cheeses, fresh fruit, prosciutto, smoked salmon, pickled onions, olives, etc.  It was clean and fresh.   
Sides--the entire table gets a basket of gluten-free tapioca rolls, average mashed potatoes and fried bananas to share. There are no other sides available, but these are good.  
Our waiter was nice enough and attentive.  No issues there. The "gauchos" who serve the meet where a mixed lot. One young, light haired fellow was extremely sweet and polite. I really liked him.  But oddly enough, as another poster mentioned, another meat bringer got annoyed and refused to repeat the name of the sausage he mumbled through at the table! I really did not like him.  Screw you, sausage boy. I think I looked at my daughter with a " did that just happen" expression.  But the rest of the Gauchos were pretty pleasant.  Overall, the meat selection was very nice and very delicious. I really liked the garlic crusted ribeye. 
The entire experience was exactly how I though it was going to be.  It was a little pricy, but you are getting unlimited amounts of steak for the money.  About $35 per person for lunch and $55 for dinner, plus beverages, tax and tip.  Lunch for two without alcohol ran us $90.I've been to Texas de Brazil a few times and love the experiences I've had there. I give them 5/5 stars. I was looking forward to having a similar experience at Fogo de Chão, but the reality fell short. The market table consisted of predominately cold items and the design of the layout lacked creativity.  Although the selection of the cuts were numerous, I can only say one or two were delicious.  Go to Texas de Brazil instead.