Came here for the first time on New Year's Eve for a burlesque show and really enjoyed both the show and the venue.  Drink prices were reasonable and the space was very cool.Just gorgeous and on Thursday night they played all the 90s hip hip classics. Best place to celebrate my milestone birthday. Drinks are $$$ but delicious. Great Pimms cup. 15 dollars well spent but maybe you don't have 3 of them. Oops. Well you only live once right? The decor, vibe and people were just everything.As cool as it gets!! I was invited by a member who happened to run the Bed and Breakfast at which I was staying... It was quite amazing to be a part of what otherwise would seem like a very exclusive venue.. Im pretty sure its a big wig and locals only venue based on it's exclusivity, but if you're lucky enough to be invited... YOU MUST GO!I used to have lots of friends that were members here and I would visit this venue often.  This can be a fun place with its Asian theme and lots of nooks and crannies to hide away in.  They have some nice wooden carvings of naked ladies in here that are cool.  This place is alright but there are certainly better private clubs in NOLA.   As time passed most of the people I know realized that they really didn't get a lot of value out of their memberships so they dropped out.  Personally I prefer being on the ground floor for shows at House of Blues and I really don't like being stuck up in the balcony area.Ever time I came toNew Orleans I come to this place to relax and have a glass or two. It's a Members only place in which you can have a wonderful dinner. It's close to the House of blues  just some doors down. Dress code no open toe shoes but casual. The Foundation room is a very sexy place therefore I like to dress accordingly.Food is great, setting is cool.
We have been to eat here a few times and enjoyed it each time. 
We also enjoy having a drink before a concert here.
We will keep going back.We had 30 people in town for business that needed to be fed and entertained. They made the planning easy. A couple of phone calls and everything was set. 
The waitstaff was friendly and professional. The food was above average, the drinks were stiff, ambiance was classy and intimate, and the live music was the icing on the cake. We're lucky to have one of these in New Orleans.Love this gem!  The bartenders are refreshing (Rachael is the best) and the ambience is perfect.  The seating is comfortable with nice, clean sofas and pillows.  Music is great; it's HOB, of course.  Lots of private hiding spaces for those looking to do just that.  The drinks are strong and worth the expense.  No matter what you are going there for, you won't be disappointed.I left with mixed feelings. Food was ok, huge portions, service was ok, decorations are amazing but it's not something I'd be thinking of coming back.Very Cool space. Private club above the House Of Blues. Plush sofas far east statues, oriental rugs and ornate cloth walls. I was invited by a member  years ago and really dug it.Hmm...I ended up here after a show at HoB since my friends really wanted to hang out with the band and they had given us passes. I'm not really a velvet rope kind of girl so that part kind of annoyed me. It's a bar that charges huge prices for drink and you have to be invited in (or you have to a member or something). 
The decor is cool and there was a DJ with accompanying horn player spinning an eclectic selection of music. There's a couple of different spaces (including a VIP area) to escape the music and dancers.
Then there was the crowd. It was bizarre. There was a definite sugar daddy/much younger woman thing happening. Maybe it is the velvet rope thing...people seemed really stoked to be in the space. I don't know. I like weird spaces. But the crowd just didn't do it for me. My friend who got us in acted like she was in hell...until the band showed up and she got to geek out. Then all was right with the world.I've loved venturing here with my cousin since it first became a hotspot.  Always nice to have an exclusive dinner/party spot with the like every once in a while.  I've been to the Dallas Foundation Room and loved it there as well- probably my fav out of the two.  Food and drinks are not 5 star but very good overall.Love the décor - too bad it's really not a "members only" club anymore.  Anyone can eat in the restaurant with a reservation.  Too bad it's not like it was in the late 90s any longer.  They seem to cater to the very young instead of the established professionals.  Good drinks, nice staff thoughThis is a somewhat difficult review to write, because what the Foundation Room does right, it does very right.  What it does wrong, it does very wrong.
The Foundation Room is the members only, exclusive area above the House of Blues.  Although I don't have a membership, I'm occasionally invited up with friends.  I was recently extended an invitation while attending an Irvin Mayfield jazz show (which was fantastic).
Prior to going up to the Foundation Room, we ordered a couple of drinks at the bar downstairs.  While $20 for a house cabernet and a tall beer seemed pretty high, it's to be expected at a concert venue.
Once upstairs in the Foundation Room, I again ordered house cab.  I could see that the house cab was BV. Since I was familiar with the wine, and the price point, I didn't ask a cost on it.  I've worked in the service industry, and I also know that typical mark up of wine in a restaurant is about 300%.  During the course of the show, I had 3 glasses of HOUSE WINE.  I was floored when I received my bill to find that the wine was $18 a glass!  This is wine that retails in the local grocery store for $8.50 a bottle!  I could even deal with a 400% mark up considering the venue, but an almost 900% mark up on a $9 a bottle wine, is just beyond ridiculous. 
So the price point of beverages is where the Foundation Room fails miserably. 
What the Foundation Room does get right is it's service and decor.  Service was fast and very friendly. The décor is really pretty with deep, warm reds and golds. 
I would go to the Foundation Room again because I love the décor and comfort of it, and being able to walk straight to the balcony in the show room, and have a special viewing area.  But with those prices, I'd likely walk down to the regular bar downstairs to order drinks.Great food and service. Was happy all around. Sort of pricy though lol but can't be mad when you go to a nice place like this. You expect expensive prices for sure.Love the ambience! Great food and cocktails. A must try if in the area and definitely catch a show afterwards.Where should I start? If you're ever in New Orleans, you must visit the Foundation Room at the House of Blues. I can truly say my fiancé and I enjoyed our experience from the moment we arrived. The decor is amazing and the staff was warm and courteous, which is always a good start in my book. We were greeted in the lounge with a glass of champagne by the hostess before dinner, as the DJ played a variety of hits that made everyone want to jam. 
After the good vibes, it was time for dinner which I was looking forward to since we landed in Nola. Our waitress Brandy was the sweetest thing this side of the Mississippi River. We've been to quit a few restaurants up and down the east coast, but the service we received from Brandy was hands down the best! Her knowledge of the menu and the way she described the items on it made your mouth water. Her unique southern charm made our dining experience extra special. 
For me it's all about the experiences, good food and good people, good times at the Foundation Room!Normally, I would find myself on the other side of the velvet ropes at places like this, but a friend "put me on the list" to see her girlfriend's jazzy lounge band, Soulkestra, play a few sets.  So I have visited the Foundation Room three times, and surprisingly I was able to set aside the anti-elitist hang-ups that accompany my low birth and actually enjoy myself there.  
In fact, it was not until my third visit that I learned during a conversation with one of the paying members that this was actually a private venue.  I just assumed it was HOB's attempt at an "intimate jazz venue."  While I would not pay money to purposefully seclude myself in a private bar, as my life is thankfully devoid of paparrazi and hangers-on, I can certainly see the appeal.  The barmen are pros, the drinks are properly stiff, and there is a stairway leading to a private-access balcony overlooking the HOB main stage.  
The lounge's decor is wall-to-wall neo-opium den chic, complete with a replica "Reclining Buddha" statue on the hearth of the artificial fire.  There are plush couches and lounge chairs and even a bottle-service area that I assume is an anti-malarial quarantine because its semicircular booth is partitioned with mosquito netting.  Most impressive to me, however, was the carpeting, which a manager explained to me was actually not carpeting per se but dozens and dozens of Persian rugs stitched together to cover the entire lounge.
There is typically a pretty constant stream of mini-skirted "woo girls" and the untucked-oxford shirted men that tend to surround them.  If that's your thing, well go get em, tiger, but you'll have to plunk down the coin.  As for me, I'll just enjoy a couple gin drinks and some good music in this cool, relaxing lounge.  3.5 rounded up.ridonkulously nice space. i seriously want the number of the interior designer because it's the perfect combo of amazing and spooky.  
bartenders are friendly and helpful.  drink prices aren't bad (6 usd for a bourbon and soda.)  
the only downside: that same sewerage smell in the main room at the hob has found it's way into the ladies' room here.Found this place by chance and were able to get a reservation.  Food was a 9.5 and atmosphere and ambiance was 10.  By far my favorite place to eat in New Orleans.  Restaurant is upstairs by way of private elevator.  It just oozes exclusivity and you feel like your going some place secretive and special.  It has it all!!!!Great hangout space with a unique feel.  If you have been to the foundation rooms in other cities this one is just as great but without the view that the Vegas foundation room offers.  The dinner menu has great options and is executed well.  It's also a great location to meet up with friends, birthday parties, or to just have a few drinks before your next stop.I was excited when I saw on Yelp/Opentable that we could get into the Foundation Room for dinner, especially during Mardi Gras time.  For those who don't know, the FR is the high-end restaurant associated with the famous House of Blues downstairs.  The place smells swanky (actually, it was the incense they burn) and if these carpeted walls could talk!?!  Sadly, there wasn't anyone famous (other than me) eating here that night... 
Our server was Bubbly Brandy.  She's from the area and DEFINITELY knows her menu.  She expertly explained their Old Fashioned drink and what made it different.  I kind of get the idea that if she wasn't working, she would join us for one (or two) of these strong bourbon drinks.  I had something with vodka, lime juice and simple syrup.  It was so good I had to have two :)
They bring a fantastic bread plate with several types of rolls, biscuits and breads.  Oh, and there are three house-made butters (sweet cream, garlic and olive).  Oh Lord, why did we order two appetizers?
We had fried oysters and the pork belly.  I didn't have the fried oysters that night, but as far as pork belly goes, it was as good as it gets.  It was served with marinated mushrooms and totally not healthy.  Oh well, diets are for Lent, right?
I next had a salad with light greens - I think I found a four-lead clover in the salad. I KNOW I has two strips of thick bacon coated with praline.  That bacon deserves a 5 star Yelp review in it's own right.  
I was hungry for a steak and went with the ribeye, served with roasted fingerling potatoes.  On Brandy's recommendation, my coworkers both went with the veal osso buco.  When I tried a bite, the veal was so good I trades two-third of my steak for some of the osso buco.  Don't get me wrong: the steak was fine, but nothing special.  The veal fell off the bone into the most delicious demi-glace.  My coworker remarked that they should have served the demi-glace with my steak (as he dipped his traded piece into it).  This entree alone would be enough for me to come back for.
Five stars for the whole meal.  The only negative was the poor couple that got into a fight at the next table over and didn't get to eat their meal - they took it home, but I don't know who got to eat it.  It sounded like the relationship was pretty well over!I was lucky to meet a person earlier in the evening that suggested we check this place out since they knew someone that could get us in. The check-in process included a security check so you know no bad sh*t was gonna go down while everyone was having a good time. Walked in the Foundation Room to hip-hop and RnB (90s, 00s and today), and if you know me, this is what I'm always looking for when I go out. It had this library aesthetic to it; classy, but at the same time everyone was turning up. As for drink prices, I don't remember much, but it wasn't too expensive. Great place to check out if you can get in!Don't believe the hype. We saved this dinner for our last night in NOLA. (Friday night at 8). I was expecting a real unique experience. It was actually pretty boring. There were only 3 tables eating and NO MUSIC.  it was so quiet and lame. . Our waitress was kind of rude,  and was not very attentive or friendly. The food was good, but it better be, given the prices.  There were about 20 people in the bar, but again, NO MUSIC. . If you want a fun night out - this is not the place. Plus we were over charged for our dessert.  Idk. Our waitress kind of ruined it for me. On the plus side the restaurant/bar itself is really cool and our booth was very cool.Looove this place!! The staff is ultra friendly and the bar is so nice. Rachel and Mike were amazing.This member's only hideaway with a private entrance into the House of Blues music hall is unlike any other restaurant/bar/lounge in New Orleans. I've been to the Foundation Room twice and was blown away both times by the ambiance, service and food trifecta. If I were the NOLA Community Manager, this is definitely where I'd host an Elite party! 
An elevator takes you up to the crystal corridor that leads to the Foundation Room. The lounge, dining room and prayer room are all exquisitely decorated in Eastern influenced style and the walls are draped in rich, colorful fabric. Seductive lighting and plush sofas and dining chairs add to "get relaxed" atmosphere. The Prayer Room is said to be adorned with Tibetan temple artifacts. 
The dining room intimately seats 45 and I especially like the booths with curtains you can close for privacy. Service is relaxed and casual, very refreshing for such an exclusive venue and I imagine an homage to southern hospitality. 
The upscale bistro menu is full of excellent choices but nothing I'd describe as unique. Not a knock, the food is fantastic, but don't expect innovative dishes or breathtaking plating. 
I have no idea how much a FR membership costs but am grateful to have friends who are members! If you ever get an invitation to go, say yes, you'll have a great time.I had so much fun here on the Friday night of Halloween weekend!
It was my first time and I had no idea how things worked, so I had gotten my name on the list, but there was no one with a list at the entrance. Just walked right in and started mingling. I ran into a few people I know, even though the person who told us to come wasn't able to make it.
DJ Raj Smoove did a good job with the music on this particular night, and I expected the drinks to be really expensive, but they weren't outrageous. About on par with other nice places.
I appreciated the carpet because my shoes came off for some serious dancing. Lol.Man oh man.  This has to be one of the neatest spots in New Orleans.
I got to check this place out, thanks to a friend who is "in the know".  This is basically an exclusive club type place that is located right above the House of Blues.  It's dimly lit, sofas are everywhere, they are cozy corners with tables that you can sneak off to and it's decorated like only a super secret hideout can be, with cloth on the walls and interesting art everywhere.
I totally "get" why membership to this place is so expensive ($1,000/year for just the "Bronze" package).  This is one of those places where the New Orleans elite come to relax without fear of being bothered or harrassed.  Also, there is naturally no photography allowed inside.
I didn't get to experience any of the food...maybe one day.  It's just neat that I can say that I have actually been inside this "inner sanctum".My wife and I went to Foundation Room for dinner last night. 
The service was great. Our server Brandi was very attentive to us. 
The food came out in a good amount of time and cooked well. We did not feel rushed at all. 
The atmosphere of the restaurant was really cool. It's connected to House of Blue but more upscale than you would imagine for HoB. 
I would highly recommend this restaurant and would go back on future trips to NOLA.Our server Brandy was amazing and very helpful.   Awesome venue,  definitely  check it out.Made reservations here for my gf's bday while visiting in New Orleans. Did not disappoint whatsoever. Very nice and upscale place if you're looking for a fancy night out. The staff were great, food was incredible, they even sat us in a very nice/private booth and gave us complimentary champagne since we were there for a bday.My first visit to the Foundation Room was this past weekend for my birthday.  My birthday dinner was Amazing!! The ambiance as others have mentioned is outstanding!! But the food.. just delicious. I had know idea that the portion size was so large. I had the seafood platter.. it was large enough for two to share. I never had drum fish.. it was fried lightly to perfection. My husband had the pork chops with andouille sausages.. so good!! We spent the remainder of the evening listening to music! I My tip is to go earlier than your reservation to have drinks and to consume the atmosphere.Lots of hype, though ridiculously empowered deck-jockey wields preference for out-of-town barhoppers rather than music fans.  Dress right and be prepared to bribe the gate keeper.Went there prior to a show.  Been to other Foundation rooms before.  This is on par with them.  Smaller but still nice and cool.  Prices are crazy but they all are. You do get access to the upstairs bar and roped off are with dinner so that is nice for a GA showAmazing service! The best service my friends and I ever had and don't believe we can find elsewhere. Our server Mike gave the best service, attentiveness, salesmanship and storytelling. Usually when someone comes to us too often or right when your mouth is full to check on you, you find it overwhelming or annoying...but it didn't feel that way at all. He was so genuine. Our food was phenomenal and in a large quantity! I didn't expect to get so much in my serving which was great,  sadly didn't get to finish it all but definitely took it home.  Would definitely go back again (and have Mike serve us)!The Foundation Room (House of Blues) is a great restaurant easily accessible in the French Quarter. 
Ambience: 10/10
Service: 10/10
Food: 8/10
The entranceway to the restaurant is awesome. It looks as if it was once an alleyway, that was since converted into an indoor area. There is cool art on the wall, a fountain, and exposed brick. It all feels authentic and secretive. The host was also cool, and we both shared the fact that we were from Seattle. He was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about recommendations for things to do in New Orleans. 
Once upstairs in the restaurant, the brilliant decor continues. It all feels so dark (in a good way), secretive, and luxurious - great. 
The waiter service was also awesome, as the waiter was quick, attentive, and funny. 
So why 4 stars? The food was good - good, but not great. I personally had a bowl of the gumbo and fried fish. If I were to do it again, I'd probably have the lamb chop and macaroni. 
Overall, I would go again, though.If you don't feel special after leaving here just by experiencing this space, then check your pulse!  The private elevator ride up (with escort) "to be saved" and the stained glass windows are alone an experience.  My favorite is the prayer room, a quiet little nook away from the main room which tends to get loud on concert nights.  This room has incense burning and posh pillows on the floor with low tables and every kind of god you can imagine to pray to along with an insane amount of candles. If you haven't eaten here, DO!  The Lobster martini is out of this world and something you should have in your life.  
I agree with the other other reviewers that the only thing this Foundation Room is lacking from Vegas is the view.  But it quite honestly speaks to the "hidden" feel that the city of New Orleans gives you anyway.  The keyword for the foundation room? "indulgent."Had a delicious meal here-- unfortunately they had run out of every single side except for the ones that included pork. I'm "kosher-lite" as in I wont eat pork/shellfish/meat with dairy, etc but don't strictly follow the rules (I eat at non kosher places all the time!)... so the sides was an issue. The waitress was genuinely concerned and spoke to the chef; since they couldn't offer me any other sides they gave me a LARGE salad as a side and a comped dessert! My father used to be a resort GM so I always appreciate when hospitality managers are willing to find solutions to problems. I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 bc of how many items they ran out of that night and bc of the INCREDIBLY obnoxious group next to us behaving like preteens. You would think 50 y/o's would know how to act in a private dinner club?!!Great getaway from the noise
Detailed waiters
Romantic and charming ambiance
Food was on pointBest kept secret in the French Quarter. It is tipically a member only restaurant bar but on some occasions they open up reservations through open table for anyone lucky enough to see it! The decoration is spectacular- very dim and cozy, Indian style - I love nag shampa and thats what it smells like. Authentic decoration brought from East Asia and Europe.  They staff is superb- I love Isaac (best server ever) and Brandon as well! Their bartenders as very friendly as well. You feel at home when you go there as they are all like siblings working together tending to their family business.  The food- is out of this world! They source they products wise and sustainably and their chef Nathan and wife Erika are simply artists in the kitchen. Whenever they have live music is my fav time to go as well- you cannot go wrong visiting the FR!Although I'm  not a member I was able to visit for a party once. What a beautiful place. Truly elegant and relaxing. The atmosphere is unbelievable. This is a perfect location for a very nice party. Great tapas and cocktails.Went for drinks with some colleagues. The bartender, Dan, was awesome and the atmosphere was very cool.Outstanding atmosphere.  Small quiet dining room right outside a very classy but eclectically decorated live music bar to enjoy before dinner.  
Great food and service.The ambiance of this place is like nothing I've seen before. They had a cozy lounge with chesterfield sofas, a full bar serving prohibition-era cocktails, and a live jazz trio. You enter the Foundation Room through a highly stylized Art Deco corridor and elevator, proceeded by a stained glass corridor. The walls are upholstered with Indian blankets embroidered with tiny mirrors and the carpeting is made of Persian rugs tacked together. The dining area features a domed ceiling and a wall of temperature controlled wine. The host staff made the experience feel very mysterious and exclusive, inviting us to the lounge and serving us champagne while we waited for our table. The waitress and kitchen accommodated my dietary restrictions (pescatarian, dairy-free). The tuna tartare appetizer special was tasty, and the salad was fine. The lettuces were very nice but I held the cheese so it wasn't anything too special. My fish and veggie entree was tasty and was made special for me to meet my dietary needs. The cocktails were also tasty - I did the Cider cocktail and a French 75. After dinner we hung out in the uncrowded lounge and enjoyed some more tasty libations while listening to the jazz trio. Quintessential New Orleans cocktail bar experience.Loved this place and will have to look into the Boston private membership. It was great to sit with only a few people present and listen to great music. I wouldn't have known about this place if it wasn't for my sister. We didn't order food just drinks but it's a beautiful place to come when in NOLA again. Proper dress required, men must wear jackets so be prepared.Great atmosphere, very hidden and it almost felt like we should give a password to the door man to get in.  Everyone was extremely nice and this was the coolest place that we visited on a 4 day trip.  Did not get to see the entire menu because it was Italian night; however, the food was excellent.   Very cool place to hang out!This is a beautiful venue. 
I really enjoy the exclusivity of it and the nice music. 
You can eat, drink & play all in this area at the House of Blues. 
They did an excellent job with the remodel. I can't wait to head back there for some more events.
If you can, make your way to this hot location and speak to them about membership.So, I have to start by saying, I didn't really ALL of the reviews that came up when I searched for food in the French Quarter...
I was surprised when:
1) I could not find the place or any specific signs for it
2) The doors were locked
3) We weren't members of the dining club (and may have been treated differently?)
4) the prices
We ended up upstairs after an elevator ride where another hostess stand was staffed with 2 very pretty women.  I cannot say anything good here (sorry), it was like they were notified that we were not members, but had to ask anyway and then basically treat us like we were an obligation versus guests... It was pretty bad, I am not going to lie.  It was almost an immediate turn off.
we were seated in a round room with beautiful architecture and furnishings ( like a rich, dark study but round with vaulted ceilings)
we started with various compound butters and delicious breads - Even though I am gluten-sensitive, i ate it all up and paid for it later
Mushroom bisque - delicious
Scallops - delicious
Seared Tuna - delicious
Everything was delicious and NOTHING was left on our plates, but I feel like i have had similar meals with less of a price tag  - 
we spent almost $300+ there with 1 bottle of wine and tipping...
we weren't happy with the price or service, but happy with the food.I've been a business member of this Club for years and use it as a place to take business associates, family and special friends. The ambiance is absolutely wonderful: swank, chic, cool, are al adjectives to describe the place. 
I've noticed, recently, however that the bar staff has taken a turn for the worse: cocktail waitress, Tonya, was rude and not accommodating -- on two separate visits!!
The dining room is beautiful, as always....but the attention to detail is just not what it used to be (for the price and hype).What can I say that's bad about this place, lol nothing at all! I've been here a few times, and each time it was good. I fell in love with this place the minute I walked in.
Each time I came here, it was for a party of some sorts at night. The lights were dim and it gave it a "only for the grown and sexy" type of atmosphere lol. In the middle of the place is the dance floor and to the left and right of the dance floor are nice seating areas. At the back of the dance floor is the bar, and ahead of the floor are large windows that overlook Decatur Street. For a cost (not sure of the prices) you can get a private section tucked off to the right side of the dance floor. The decor, dark colors  and things on the wall that goes with the intimate feel. This venue was clean, from the bathrooms, to the main area, and even the first floor foyer. The venue workers made sure all used plates and glasses were picked up right away, once they were finished (my drink kept going missing).
The bar was stocked with everything that I can think of, and the bartenders really did a good job of noticing who came first and knowledgeable about most of the requested drinks I heard ordered. The drinks are a bit expensive at this venue, but hey it costs to party after hours in the French Quarter when your grown and sexy lol. 
The area the venue is in is the French Quarter right off of Canal St and on busy Decatur. Something is always going on around there so to me it is safe. There are a few spots on the street to park if your lucky, but for others there's parking lots all along South Peters St a block away. I will say the venue itself, is the best place in New Orleans to hold a party, or a small reception. Love this place, but the membership prices are sky high!Discovered this place while on a 15 year anniversary trip to the big easy. The service is really second to none. Food and value is amazing. This a a must if your In the area. You can't go wrong. Ambience is so cool!!Friend of mine recently got a membership to this place after bidding for it at a charity event. We were dressed casually, walked in and were stopped by a doorman. When my friend told him he was a member, the doorman accused us of trying to sneak in stating, "If you're a member, then you know..." and began ticking off all my friend's apparent dress code violations. My friend, who had come before straight from work and had been dressed in a suit, wasn't aware of the dress code (guy said no hats or shorts) and doorman was a total dick. My friend took it in stride, but he had every right to be livid.Love the decor!! What a gorgeous lounge! We had dinner, food was great and service was impeccable.
Such a great vibe. We will be backSmall simple venue. Two stories and a private smaller stage area upstairs. The drinks are strong and the smoke is loud. But it's a nice venue for seeing small concerts because there's no bad seat in the house. Parking is either on the street if you're lucky or in a lot about two blocks away!I really do not get it.  Why is this room that looks like a cokehead's daydream exclusive.  I am sorry wall to floor tapestry (some dirty and dusty) and pictures of kama sutra positions does not the wondrous atmosphere make.
Bartenders were nice, and the band that was playing when I was there was great but the overall atmosphere was mehI keep finding places that completely shock me at how awesome they are. I came to the foundation room for my friends 30th birthday dinner. We had a large group so the reservations were made in advance. We were treated very well from the time we walked in till we departed the building. I will say i didn't really give this place a chance at first, i thought "oh a chain, it'll be unremarkable". WRONG. 
Such great service from out waiter (and I'm an clown because i can't even remember his name) he clearly had been around the block and knew what he was talking about. 
They brought out a charcuterie plate and assorted breads with the most amazing butter assortment (don't you sit there and judge me- you would have included the butter in your review too if you taste it....) 
I had the, broccoli and cheddar soup (so good), diver scallops with polenta (such a sucker for a well cooked scallop) and my friends got the steak (so so so good) but really GET THE PORK BELLY APPETIZER DOOO IT. Get 2. And don't share em.The Foundation Room at HoB-NOLA was an amazing venue. Attended the vampire ball while I was there and got to meet a ton of new and interesting individuals. Hope to have a chance to come back to this beautiful venue.I was very pleasantly surprised by the Foundation Room. My friend celebrated her birthday dinner here which gave me a chance to dine here for the first time. I always thought this was a lounge reserved for private events inside the House of Blues, so I wasn't expecting to be impressed, plus I always thought of it as a tourist trap based on its location. I was wrong about that. 
The dining room is located on the third floor adjacent to a lounge which had a live band playing. We were greeted by a very friendly host and seated promptly when our entire party arrived. The dining room is on the small side and has less than a dozen tables, so reservations are definitely recommended. For appetizers, our group shared the fried green tomatoes, pork belly and crab cakes. It was all delicious! I loved that their crab cakes had lumps of actual crabmeat with very little filler. The fried green tomatoes were also topped with crabmeat and done very well. 
As an entree, my husband and I split the scallops and fish of the day, which was redfish. Both dishes were excellent, generous portions with a lot of flavor. I've had scallops many times but never with tuna tartare on top. It was so good, I finished every bite! The redfish had some kind of lemon pepper seasoning and I really enjoyed the risotto it was paired with. I sampled the roast beef and filet from friends' dishes, and both were also very tasty.
The service we received from our server, Isaac, was great! It was a nice gesture that our group was checked on more than once by the staff to make sure we were all enjoying our meals. Our food came out surprisingly quick for such a large group. I feel like that's worth mentioning since I'm used to food taking a long time to prepare for bigger parties. Foundation Room was a great start to our night!Went on a Thursday night when no show was playing. The space is wonderful - by far the most comfortable and well appointed lounge in the city.  The vibe is dark and cool even on an almost empty night the energy was good. The waiter provided superior service in all aspects of our meal. It would seem that the standards of many of NOLAs restaurants have fallen, but his is not the case at The Foundation room.  The food was skillfully prepared and mouth wateringly delicious.  One of my best meals during this trip.Very disappointing. Over priced and wait staff needs refresher training. Long wait for bread, never refilled (we were a large party), incorrect drink order and the absolute worst creme brûlée ever. It was charred on top and not set. I have had unbelievable dinners for 20% less at many of New Orleans' fine dining restaurants.