This is a very convenient place to watch Saints games. They are very accommodating to big groups and are willing to do separate checks. The service has always been good, even when we've had a large party.
However, the food ranges from BAD to okay. I have been burned many times by this place! The thin crust pizza is inedible - soggy on the bottom and burned on top. The wings are always overcooked to the point where they are shriveled and hard. The popcorn chicken salad is okay; the lettuce tasted fresh but the popcorn chicken bits are always shriveled and hard as well. 
I am still trying to find something decent that I can order on a regular basis. The fish and chips and the spinach dip are okay. My friends' chicken strips and burgers look good so maybe I will have to stick with that next time.Only thing enjoyable was the servers snarky honesty. We waited an hour and a half for lukewarm food. Burgers were dry and fries were ice cold. Mac and cheese with chicken was missing the chicken. Boneless wings tasted freezer burnt. The staff is nice but the kitchen is terrible.I have made this place a regular lunch visit.  Absolutely love the Black Forest sandwich.  Fries are always seasoned just right.  Good place to watch a sporting event.  Oh and the waitresses are very friendly and professional.  If you like Pool this place has plenty of tables ready to play on in the afternoons.Once you've been to a Fox and Hound, you've been to all of them, right? Anyway, same experiences as the others and also the same applies in that it's a great place to play pool or catch a game.
The spinach dip, billiard sticks, and chicken fingers are all pretty good appetisers. As with every other one I have gone to, I am mum on the entrees.
The drinks here are also mad eon the strong side and they have a great long island iced tea.Horrible food was made worse by horrible service.  A big waste of time and calories for the day.  You couldn't pay me to go back.I've been here on several occasions and usually I would have a grand time. However, last night was the worst experience I've ever had. We sat at a table and no one came to give us menus. We had to find a server and to place our orders. We ordered one ultimate platter initially. Then placed another one about ten minutes later. It was a pretty slow night so the food came out in a timely manner. But the service was absolutely terrible. The server never checked on us. When she did, we ordered more drinks and when she came back she accidentally dropped it on one of my friends. Luckily he wore mesh shorts so he wasn't drenched. She didn't even help clean the mess. We had to pick up the ice off the ground and wipe down the table. She never picked up the finished dishes on our tables. What's crazy to me was they had vacant tables with finished dishes the entire time we were there. It was disgusting. Our server that night was terrible!Great place to catch the game.  Love the fish tacos, burgers and nachos but the French dip rules hereI met a friend here for lunch and the food was alright.  
Our server was very attentive and she was friendly - real friendly; always smiling, a little more smiling and it would have been creepy.  Her name was Kimbereley and she constantly checked in on us.  That was the good part of the service....the kitchen is soooo slow.  I felt like days passed by as we waited for a couple of salads.  This doesn't seem like the kind of establishment that needs a lot of time to through some greens in a bowl with some lightly cooked steak.  I thought they were growing the greens for our salad.  Word to the wise, get an appetizer, or pack a snack to pass the time.
The salads were pretty good, typical steak topped salads premixed with dressing (I had greens, cheese, and onion straws mixed with balsamic vinaigrette and my date had a Caesar salad topped with steak).  The salads are a good size and satisfy your appetite, after all, how much could I really eat after waiting thirty or more minutes?
This isn't a bad place, like most two star reviews I've given; the server was really good, but it took so long to get our meal, so I feel compelled to rate Fox and the Hound with only two stars.   Seems like the Fox and the Hound would master quick lunches.  My last tip for future diners, don't stop in this place with someone you can't talk with for long periods of time, or the wait will suddenly lengthen.It's a good non-smoking place to watch a game. Service can be slow since they are understaffed, especially on game day. The burgers are okay -- the rest, salads and flatbreads, are nothing special. The 3rd star is for no smoking.I visit this place for UFC pay per view events and for pay per view title boxing matches.  I like to arrive early in order to be able to get good seats.  Their food is OK, but nothing spectacular.My wife wanted to try this spot, but I had memories of the one I last visited in NJ. Came away with the same feeling.  As a sports bar, this place is fine.  But the food is still the same,  just plain blah.  No need to worry about dining here again.Pros:
-Decent beer selection.  Mostly domestic beers.
-Tables to sit
-Decent pool tables
Cons:
-Food - I got the "Champion Wings" and one of the wings wasn't even cooked all the way through.  I'm not 100% sure if they were frozen or not but I wouldn't be surprised.Ok, I'll admit it... I eat here often.  Entirely too often.  I have a wonderful friend who works right down the street from here, so we meet for lunch here every week or two because it's the closest place to her office.  After a few months of this, and lunch yesterday, I've decided I'm done.  
What kept me coming back was the $5.99 and $6.99 lunch specials.  Cheap, decent selection of typical bar food, I thought I'd never get tired of burgres, pizzas, and Philly cheesesteaks.  Unfortunately, I was wrong.  Everything I've ordered has been bland.  Not terrible, just bland.  I could forgive this, because the menu is cheap and the location convenient, but I have finally had enough of the poor service.
Multiple times when there with a small group (4 tp 6 people) someone's food has been completely forgotten.  It's usually just the two of us, and I go pretty easy on wait staff, don't ask for much.  Without fail, if I order sweet tea, it comes un-sweet.  I order Dr. Pepper, they bring Coke.  I ask for broccoli, I get french fries.  Seriously!  
Yesterday, I was barely halfway through my food when the waitress dropped (as in, dropped from several feet up so the plastic tray loudly hit the table) the check, and after it was out of her hands, mumbled, "You guys want some cheesecake or chocolate cake?"  At the time, I was not even half through with my food.  No, I do not want to order dessert with a mouthful of sandwich.  No, I do not want to order dessert after I've paid the check.  No, I will not pay my check until I'm done eating.
Enough.  I'd rather hit the Taco Bell across the street.Tonight I attended a private party at Fox & Hound for a friend who had competed on Wheel of Fortune. We got together to watch the episode, have some dinner, and maybe a pint or two. I ordered my usual, the chicken fingers. What I got were great chicken fingers on a plate next to cold fries. I don't know how long the fries must have sat on this plate for them to be room temperature and soggy while my chicken was hot and crispy. That's just bad food preparation and should have been caught by the expediter or the server.
Oh, Fox & Hound, what happened to you. Years ago we had such good times with great pints. Now it's like seeing an old girlfriend: expectation of good old times but nothing but disappointment.BLUF:  I'd go back for a game if I was in Metairie.  Bar food and beers.
Beer selection is not all that spectacular but better than your standard location.  The bar food is actually pretty good.  I got the pretzel pastrami and it was really really good.  Fries were reallly good too.
Pool, darts, mma.  Fine sports bar.  Good place to go if you have a ton of peopleWhoa, came here for a drink before a movie with the girls...of course it was the LSU vs Ohio game on....
This place was packed and then some!  Luckily we were able to snag a table for some drinks and chips...
Ok, so real alcoholic drinks are neither blended or done fusion style...but since we were there..might as well order bastardised drinks for the hell of it!!
Melon Crush - ooh this was melon-y and very tart and sweet...a flavored spiked lemonade concoction.
Strawberry-Vanilla Mojito - hmm...very smooth...that kick of mint really had a nice tail....
Strawberry something blended ice drink - haha, tasted watery and was like tipsy candy! 
Also, had Blue Moon on tap....yum...smooth white Belgian...delicious!  Funny when the server gave us a straw for the beer....
Normally one comes here for the TGIF like menu of burgers and wings...but also folks come here to cool off and play some billards.  Two rooms are for hanging out and playing billards while the center is for dining.  Lots of yuppies and lots of older men and older women looking for love i guess.....
But what made this a four star review is the feeling of camaraderie celebrating any LSU points...that is honestly priceless.The mixed drinks here are SOOOO weak! I understand the concept of pours and mixed drinks and whatnot, but the drinks here taste like straight up sweetener with ZERO alcohol. The food here is OK. I kind of think the place smells like mildew or something. It definitely doesn't smell like delicious food. I understand the restaurant is HUGE and the kitchen is pretty far away from the door, but it kind of smells like a mix of mildew and the smell of a locker room. And the 2 side rooms are even worse. The whole place needs to be aired out.I think this place is suffering from location and the economy. Used to come here for college football all the time YEARS ago. The screens all over the place are filled with various sports, and they are good about putting something up that you would like to watch.
The apps are not the greatest in the world, but I have to believe that it is mainly due to them containing HFCs (high fructose corn syrup.) Having been something that I have cut from my diet it can spoil things for my taste. 
However the entrees are generally good for the kind of slightly upscale bar food. The flat-bread sandwiches are good, as are the burgers. I think the biggest issue is justifying the price of the food and drinks versus the quality of the food.
Do I prefer this of something like Chili's, Friday's, other places with apostrophes in that genre? Yes.I go here for every UFC fight and its awesome.. The food is really good and the people that work are really nice.. KCCO!!!Well, it's been more than six months since my last visit, just enough to forget how lackluster it was before. I was taking a friend to see a movie for her birthday and the times just worked out to have dinner before the film. Rather than sit in a fast food place we decided to stop at Fox & Hound. I probably would have been better at Raising Cane's, but then I wouldn't have had a Guinness. I guess F&H has some kind of small advantage there.
We split an appetizer of boneless wings in sweet chili garlic sauce. Those was actually pretty good, if overpriced. The big problem was once again the chicken strip basket. As in my last visit my fries were cold and soggy. That's really just inexcusable to have that happen twice now, especially at the prices they charge.
I think it's time to give up on Fox & Hound. Maybe I'll remember this six months from now.My family of 5 were there on a very slow evening ... There was maybe two other tables being served ... Food came out ice cold ... Will not returnOur waitress was completely drunk and could care less about our food and table. In fact, she sat at the bar and talked to another waitress instead of checking up on us. She sat there while we could see our food sitting up there getting cold. By the time she realized our food was up and brought to us, it was 100% cold. A burger and fries should not be cold, especially if there was one other table besides ours. There was no one there and we should not have gotten that poor of service. I get that it's a pub and I'm fine with waiters and waitresses drinking, but if you become so drunk you can't even take care of one table, you shouldn't be working there. Horrible service. Worst I've ever gotten. Food could have been good, but it was so cold I couldn't tell.I know everybody seems to have a mediocre opinion about this place. And I would tend to agree, but I don't think it's at all a bad experience. 
$2 pint Tuesdays are more than a worthy weekday experience. I always get the nachos and they are easily some of the best nachos I've ever had! Now, having said that, the hot wings are different just about every time I get them. Sometimes they are great and flavorful and the sauce is just the right level of hot.... And sometimes they are dry and sauce taste different and it's either super mild or super spicy. So, yes there's definitely some inconsistencies in the kitchen. 
Also, the staff seems to have a high level of turnover. There's always new faces working there and some servers are really friendly and knowledgable while others seem like they were hired literally yesterday and have no idea what they are doing.
But the good news is they seem to be really trying to re-vamp their menu lately. They have been making a lot of changes and I think most of them have been for the better. Granite, I go here to mainly drink some beer, maybe play some pool or watch a game on TV, and order a nibble on the side.....not necessarily to "dine." So maybe my expectations are a little lower than most. 
But hey, with all the new restaurants that just boomed up around them they seem to be really struggling with all the extra competition. I personally want to route for them because I have had some great times at the ole fox and hound. 
I hope they keep improving :-)Go here to watch ufc for every event. Great set up (lots of big screens) but sucks there is a 10 dollar cover charge I guess its better then paying 50 for the fight at home. Food is always decent. Service is always hit or miss sometimes bad sometimes good. Good for the bar or sporting events, probably wouldn't take children here.The "English Pub" part of Fox & Hound is really in decor and name only. The food menu could have been swiped from TGiFridays. and they didn't even have malt vinegar for the chips (fries).
Extra Stars strictly for the stellar staff. They were pleasant, funny and professional.Gave this place One star because I couldn't give it ZERO. Starting with half hour wait for food that was almost in edible. Wings came out totally without any moisture and so spicy they weren't eaten. Waitress neglected to ask us how we wanted the wings spiced so the spice was Super Spicy. Yuck!
Cheeseburger came out with no mayo or mustard and was cold. Fries were soggy and tasted like wet cardboard. 
Only saving grace was that the waitress apologized for the delay. Normally I would call for manager and complain, but in this place. I doubt anyone was in charge.We were looking for an alternative to BWW for Sunday football, and decided to give Fox & Hound a try. SUPER glad we did.
The food really good, and the service has been great 100% of the time. 
The servers are great; very engaging and attentive. Management is always present, checking in throughout the meal.
Tons of tv's, pool tables, and other little games. Highly recommended.I remember this place being so much more memorable when it came to the quality of food. In the last year, they changed them menu and took off about everything that I went for. I love their drinks, but I go to restaurants to eat, so I can no longer go eat here. And everything is all fried now. Yuck. Not my thing.Used to love going to this place to watch the UFC fights but now that its popular its not really worth the trouble. The food is ok, they make a decent burger and the bacon ranch fries are pretty goodMy first time at any Fox & Hound location, and I found it to be okay. The venue is certainly large enough to accommodate the maximum amount of people allowed under the fire marshall's code and looks a bit cavernous upon entering (a good thing). There is a separate room that has additional dining areas, pool tables and other games.
I found the food to be good, yet not outstanding. I was quite hungry and wasn't about to stuff myself with any of the pizza and burger places that are in close proximity to this location. The chips and salsa were so-so. The salsa had a different taste to it, as if it was homemade. The chips were just different altogether. Either way, I made do. The cuban sandwich that I had as an entree made up for any of the appetizer's deficiency (outstanding sandwich), while I washed everything down with a tall Lagunitas IPA brew that was on draft. My female server, a very attractive 30-yr old from the west bank, was quite pleasant and did pretty well in accommodating me and other tables in the main room (I sat in the billiards area) and was prompt. I can't say that for the kitchen, since it took them forever just to make a sandwich. Like 20, 22 minutes. To make a sandwich? I went during lunch hours on a Friday, which I found to be somewhat slow at the time. But sheesh, that's a long time to get food out.
Parking here is good. I would highly recommend not parking directly in front of the building, since the area traffic will absolutely not yield to you backing out. Cars here fly like NASCAR here, so why risk getting t-boned or sideswiped. Hence, parking across the street, which is only a 15-20 foot walk. Plenty of parking there, and no cars putting you at risk.
Other than that, this place is okay.I love the atmosphere here, not very Irish though. Seemed like a good place to watch a game. However, the drinks are over priced and the waitresses are horrible. I waited for almost half an hour for my basketball game to be turned on. In the mean time nobody offered drinks or food. I had to go to someone who looked like a manager type to get the game on. Then I waited another 5 minutes before I found a new waitress to take my order. Turned out they changing shifts, bit that's absolutly no excuse. I finally got my burger 20 minutes later. To top it off, the manager that finally helped me out, came into the wing I was in, which no other customer was in, and turned up the volume of the football game.been years since I've been here.  It was crowded and food got to the table in a reasonable time. very good service and food was better than expected.  we were grabbing a quick lunch before a movieI used to go to this place back when I was living in Metairie I used to hit this place up once in a while. I am not much of a fan of writing reviews about chain restaurants but here we go.
The service here has always been fairly decent. The waitresses have always been polite and attentive. Best of all quiet a few of the servers here are really pretty. Kinda pointless to mention but I figured I would throw that out their.
The food here is okay but nothing special. Their beer battered chicken tenders were alright but nothing to brag about. Most of the food I have had here was Mediocre at very best.
This place has a full bar and decent drinking selection. It is a little on the pricey side for most drinks and beers.
Probably the best thing about this place is that they have lots of pool tables. The layout consists of a dining room in the middle, pool tables in another section, and a side area reserved for parties or other events in another section.
The biggest con about this place is the fact that there is usually a JPSO squad car waiting outside to bust someone for drunk driving. So if you go here make sure you have a designated driver with you.
In short decent service, mediocre food,full bar, and pool tables. But make sure you stay sober unless you want a DUI.Have some decency and AVOID this place. Average food, terrible service, loud waiters with poor hygiene and regular prices. This is definitely a suburbs place and NOT to be considered part of New OrleansProbably the worst sports bar I have ever been to. I've been here maybe 5 times. I know I must be a glutton for punishment but i want to like it but the last straw has been broken. I walked in there and the main big  TV behind the bar had a VH1 special on about Jessica Simpson. IN A SPORTS BAR!!!! 
#1, why do you even have VH1 on in a sports bar???? That's really all you need to know but getting to the food, it all sucks really. They don't even have good bar food. I think they should simplify the menu and try and do just the basics and do them well because it's a great location and could be a great place to watch a game. Also stick to bottled beer because their mixed drinks are so weakThis place looks nice & so many tv's. But the food wasn't great. I had the flatbread pizza & wings. I wouldn't recommend either. Only gave it 2 stars for the $2 beer.
Will not return.The problem with this establishment is the mgmt, bottom line. Any restaurant that fails this miserably in so many areas has to look no further than the GM. I've been to FH in Dallas and had a great experience. Same food, same drinks etc.Planned  party to catch the CROSSFIT games. 12 in our party. Waitress quit after taking our dinner order claiming she didn't expect this level of stress and pressure.  Mediocre food. The bolting waitress was saved by an experienced waitress named Taylor (in a bikini top) who was quick to make up for the loss in service. Manager took 50% of our bill for the complications. Certainly could have been a better experience but nice recovery by management and staff.Not a bad sports bar for an Elmwood strip mall. Good TV's for sports and good beer selection with $2 drafts on Tuesdays. My gripe is that for some reason their beers don't always seems as fresh and crisp as they could. I typically drink less popular craft beers, so maybe I order beers that have been tapped for longer than others, or maybe they don't clean the draft lines as regularly as they could? Not sure... but I still drop in sometimes if I'm in the area and want a cold one.It's a sports bar. If you go in knowing that I doubt you will be disappointed. I have ordered salad, steak, hamburgers and wings. All have been as I expected and the service was friendly.A chain in the suburbs in a strip mall what's not to dislike when you're used to NOLA proper?  Well if they at least had decent food there might have been some hope for them but unfortunately the food here is really disappointing even for the mass produced chain bar food that it is.  In any other metro area this might be acceptable but in the New Orleans area we're spoiled and used to a certain quality of food that this place comes nowhere close to reaching.  I just don't see any reason to ever return here again.I am still fuming over the waste of time and money that is Fox and Hound. 
Horrendous. That covers the food and the service. 
It took two different waitresses before they decided who was going to take care of us. They were nice ladies but they were extremely short staffed. Everything was painfully slow and the mood at the table went from anticipation at a new experience to apathy. We felt defeated. 
My Reuben sandwich was just awful. And I mean poor quality meat. It was so tough and rubbery, I couldn't penetrate it with my incisors. The first bite was all gristley and I had to spit it out. The second was decidedly horrible as well.  I was very disappointed. 
By the time we left, we were tired and full of regret at the money that was wasted.One foot in here and its like walking on set of the Fast and the Furious. 
They cannot make a mixed drink to save their life, even drinks that are advertised as their "specialty" were undrinkable. Seriously, just awful. 
The food is nothing to rave about, it's all processed and frozen. 
Pros: lots of pool tables, lots of  TV's and variety of beers on tap. The end.The fish and chips were the worst. Thin fish and a very heavy batter. And the fries was overcooked and cold. Will play pool and have a pint, but pick up a burger elsewhere.Came to the area to watch a game with a friend and stopped by F&H. I liked the screen room with surround sound that they had for the game and they also have a great selection of beers. The food though is not great in fact its pretty bad. I would come here to watch the game and drink but eat before I come.There has GOT to be another place to sit down and watch a PPV boxing match than this hole. Tonight, Pacquiao vs Bradley. Instead of watching the pre-game and undercard, they kept the Game 7 of the NBA Eastern Playoffs on all speakers and large screens. They have based this decision on USA TODAY stating that the main event won't go on until after the game. Even though every single person in this place paid $10 to see the fights, we all have to watch the one sporting event I could watch at any bar anywhere in America right now. I want to watch the ENTIRE EVENT I PAID TOSEE - UNDERCARDS AND ALL. I spoke with the manager, and asked why one of these rooms isn't just boxing?  She had nothing more to say but "half these people want to watch NBA". Really? They paid $10 for basketball? 
A few fights ago one room was boxing, one was LSU football. So if half want to watch NBA, then that would mean the other half can sit content that their $10 included under card boxing with me content in my boxing utopia. 
Dear bars of New Orleans, someone please save me from this fate. Air PPV boxing. I will come. And praise you for showing it.For part of a national chain, it's not entirely bad. I'd put the food and beer at 4 stars but the service at 2, which seems to be about par for a lot of chains like this.
The best night to visit is Tuesdays when they offer half price on pints. The beer selection is decent. Usually I get a pint and the chicken fingers. The chicken is always very tasty and fried in a fluffy beer batter, almost like you would for fish & chips. If you need an appetizer, the fried pretzel bites are killer.
Service ranges from ok to slow. Sometimes it feels like my server ignores my table. Most times our server just doesn't seem to really want to provide great service. It's little things that separate ok from great when it comes to table service and I've almost never seen then here.
But my pint is cold, my chicken is hot, and price is right.Worst service. EVER. Save your time and don't go here. I would give zero stars if I could.I recently visited Fox & Hound after seeing Tron so it definitely was an experience. Definitely the lights were dim in dining area because we were already on sensory overload. Staff was pretty friendly and accommodated our group of starving nerds pretty fast. I tried a yummy burger with some yummy cheese and grilled onions so I was happy! Others had fish and chips, chicken tenders, wings and everyone was pretty satisfied. For appetizers we went queso, chips and salsa; which we enjoyed like no other and couldn't stop eating them for nothing. 
This is a cool place to watch some sports or grab some food with friends. AWFUL MUSIC CHOICES, but they are still pretty cool and good parking.The bill has never been correct. When experiencing an error EVERY TIME I GO, it has never been in my favor. After getting the bill corrected once, the waitress decided to increase her tip when entering it into the credit card machine. good thing I cought it. Unfortunately, she was our waitress the next time we went. The food not any good either.Stopped here for drinks and dinner. The special was $3 skinny girl cocktails. Server was confused and offered very little help. (Ok, no help) even when she heard me say I really wanted a drink. Her lack of knowledge of the specials, drinks and overall lack of concern resulted in ordering a water with lemon and opting to go elsewhere for drinks. We did order cheese wedges which were ice cold in the middle. My husband was very adamant about not complaining since our entree had not arrived. I did get up and ask bartender for silverware and napkins after our appetizer arrived. This was not a busy evening.
Ordered steak salad medium rare. It came rare & cold. Ice cold. Salad did not come out as described. Our server disappeared and I actual called the restaurant from my table to get someone to check on us. There were only 5 other diners at tables and 4 people people at the bar. 
When a manager finally arrived at our booth, he was more than professional and apologetic. He offered to do what was needed to make us happy we declined the comp cards and free cocktail. My husband was starving and ate his salad and paid for it. The rest was comped. The server was not suited for customer service industry.Food mediocre, wings were cold when denigrated. Took longer to get check than to get food. Service was slow and not very good . bathrooms were filthy as was the dining room.If you want a very clean, smoke free place with reliable & cordial staff, a ton of pool tables & absent the loud music, check out Fox & Hound. Sure, they have bar food--it's a bar!  But it's really good bar food if you ask me. The fish & chips is good (my choice there) and they're roast beef (French dip) has a good taste too.  Salsa has a good flavor as well. One of the best bars for sitting and watching a game, too--it's very pretty & fancy :). Staff never has a snide attitude and will pay attention to you.Wish I could give it 0 stars. We came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, for over 15 minutes we waited for a server take our order even though there were 4 servers having a conversation. I spoke to the manager and we got a server, our orders were all messed up and there was no follow up from the manager. The servers looked unprofessional and the service was horrible. Never again I'm coming here.OK so I've been here before but just recently went back to check out their selection again.
Atmosphere: Honestly it's your typical sports bar atmosphere. Lots of flat screen TVs, a separate room with dart boards and pool tables and that's about it.
Beer selection: Basic. Nothing real exciting. Typical for a chain restaurant. At least they had some local products such as Abita and NOLA but not much more. This place is all about the number of taps they have rather than the quality of taps they have. I was so upset at the lack of quality I drank a Coke.
Food: Decent food selection. Upscale bar food is really what it is.
Overall: Meh. I'd skip this one.One star for the service. 4 of us walked in on a Saturday night and it was busy but nothing over the top. We sat at the bar because we thought it would be quicker service with the two bartenders. Wrong. Right when we sat down we were greeted and they got us our first round of drinks. After that it went down hill. We weren't given menus so one of us had to go to a table and get it ourselves. They would walk by and not even look at us, our drinks were already done and we were looking to order but they were just walking by and not even trying to take our order. By the time we got around the order, one of the bartenders was having an attitude and got a manager to talk to us. For what? Us being ignored. We just grabbed our food and left. No wonder Buffalo Wild Wings is killing this place.Very awful service and very awful food.  Unfortunately for Fox and Hound almost all bars are stepping their game up when it comes to food.  To have greasy wings and limp fries because you are drinking is not appropriate anymore.  Someone please send them the message.  The drinks, as one Yelper noted, are watered down and not well made.  They need to step their game up, literally.Food is absolutely gross and takes forever. The pool tables are the only reason it didn't get one star.The only reason I'm not giving them one star is the waitstaff & manager are trying to make things right. Very slow, our food is coming piecemeal, and when it comes out, even the standard orders coming out wrong. Not coming back. Apparently the cooks have been tossing the tickets.The only time I'm at this location is for our fantasy football draft, which means we receive a dedicated server, koozies, pens, and keychains since we rent out space. We always receive great service too. Food is decent - guys love the wings and pizza. Husband and I ordered cheese fries, which were good, but ranch was weird tasting (we are both Ranch connoisseurs lol). Overall, this is a great place to grab a quick bite, beer, and watch the game.The food was good but the service was slow but I really enjoyed myself there. Great spot to eat,drink, and watch sport.I absolutely loved this place. Came here with a group of friends late on a Wednesday night and had a great time! We were on the side that has the pool tables and shuffleboard and basically had the place to ourselves. The martinis were strong, some sweeter than others, but overall were good. Wednesday nights they have half off martinis. I nibbled on a few of the appetizers and can't say anything bad about them. Our server was awesome...very attentive and super helpful. Overall, this place is great to come hang out, play some games, and have a couple drinks and snacks! Def coming back!30 minutes for a to go order even though I was initially told 15 min.? Horrible. Was never offered a drink while sitting at the bar. When I was apologized to all I was given was a rushed apology.How the HELL are you going to be the only spot in the area showing a HUGE boxing match (Mayweather/Alvarez) and only allow a hand full of people who will be SITTING AT TABLES eating your sub par food while you have at least 60 people waiting outside ready and willing to pay $20.00 a head to watch the fight? Do you  not want to make money? Seriously I looked in and it was families seated at tables having dinner and the fight happened to be showing. One would think you would JUMP on this opportunity since it costs about 3 grand to show a fight, and make the venue a venue to watch a PPV Boxing event complete with drink specials and access to your crappy food. Seriously bars in NY drool every time one of these big events come up because they charge a cover and the place gets packed full of people! The fact that this dive ass place is our only option is straight up SAD. SOMEONE in NOLA PLEASE start advertising and showing the PPV boxing events because Fox and Hound is completely unacceptable and clearly they don't know what to do with this kind of opportunity.  People were lined up outside calling every bar in the city to try to find another alternative. Not to mention NO ONE really wants to be at the Fox and Hound to begin with. EVERYONE was there to watch that fight and you guys turned it into a regular dinner service. WTF is wrong with the management here?This is where I go to watch UFC Fights when I am in New Orleans on a Saturday night. There are a lot of pretty good TVs, flat screens and high res projectors, so it is a good place to watch a game. The selection of beers is really good, they have Louisiana beers I have never heard of, not just Abita, which is good too. The food is probably Chilis quality at its best, without the quality of certain Chilis specialties like Fajitas, and costing a few dollars a plate more, but the ribs are pretty good and part of what you are paying for is the atmosphere and watching the game or fight. It's basically the only chain to watch UFC at in New Orleans, since there is no Buffalo Wild Wings or Hooters, so I am glad it is there. It would be a little more akward to go to an obscure neighborhood bar to watch a UFC while traveling.Loved the food, but the service was horribly slow. Our entree made it before our appetizer and the server was angry that we didn't want our food put in the window to get cold until they could make our pretzel sticks. The sandwiches were good and the desert was okay when it arrived 25 minutes after ordering.Pretty cool place to watch ufc and get tanked up!  I liked that they have a little more than just "bar food" on their menu as well. Cobb salad, good! Bbq pub rolls, cool! Wings were nice and meaty although I felt the garlic parmesan wings were not garlicky and parmesany enough.I decided to try this place again, this time for a Saints game. The good. The place has a nice layout, seemed pretty clean, staff was nice. They have a good beer selection, including my favorite, Andy Gator. Now the bad. Service is slow. Granted, this was during a Saints game, but they should staff up expecting a crowd. The food was room temperature, nacho chips where hard, might have chipped a tooth. If you must go for food and beer, do not go for a game. The sound system is awful. Speakers are setup in odd places and the bass makes you feel like you are in a rave club. You couldn't hear the game announcers because the bass was so loud. I've been in hole in the wall bars with a better sound system.Decent pub food. Had a salad and it was fresh. The overall impression was good but just decent not wow. Prices are typical pub prices. The server was super nice and kept refilling my club soda. My husband likes to come here for lunch and they are sweet to accommodate his changes to the menu. Solid lunch place.Usually I have favorable experiences at Fox & Hound. Its a great location catch some sports, shoot pool or grab dinner before a movie. The prices are decent and the food is good.
This time around I had the Pot Roast, which consist of pot roast sitting on mashed potatoes with a friend string onion topping. It was a delightful meal that will definitely make you  full on one of those days you running on no food in your belly.
The service wasn't the best this time around. She really didn't seem to  care much or pay much attention to our table.Thankfully I am rarely in this neck of the woods, so I don't come here often. Plus, it's sort of a dark sports bar, not really 'my scene'. Usually it is during a shopping excursion, cause it's in a shopping mall, and I am STARVING and I don't want to go to some crappy fast food establishment, so we go here.
They have a full bar and a decent beer selection. Although, today, I ordered two beers that they didn't have. Only because I saw a picture of St. Arnold Pils on an advertisement as we walked in ("No we don't have that beer, it's for a craft beer tasting next week.") and the other because Covington Bayou Bock was on the menu ("Yeah, we don't have that one either"). What beers can I have?? I asked the waitress...nevermind, I'll go look at the taps myself.  Why have a list with beers that you don't actually carry?? Hmmmmm??
We ordered a yummy salad with spinach and grilled chicken and bacon and feta. That was good, but the fact that the knife I was served and the extra plate both had someone else's cheese stuck to it, not good.
Then the grilled mahi mahi sandwich came and again the extra plate had stuff stuck to it....it made me wonder what was stuck to the plate that had my food on it...so yeah, two stars.On 10/19/14 I visited Fox and Hound like I normally do, but, this particular time, I was disturbed by what I saw and it actually made me not want to EVER come back again. I have already shared my experience with several close friends who dine there several times a month and they have vowed not to return until something is done. On this particular day, I witness with my own eyes a serve TAKING FOOD OFF OF A CUSTOMER'S PLATE AND EATING IT. I was mortified. But, what was even more alarming was the fact that she took to social media to brag about what she did and how she openly admitted that it was trifling, but justified her unsanitary and unprofessional actions with hunger. I don't know what types of people are hired here, but something needs to be done--that is barbaric and should be accepted EVER. If you are hungry, take a break and go eat, but you should never PICK in a customer's food!  Even though I was not in her section, I couldn't help but to wonder if this was "the norm" at this F&H location. I really hope this does not fall on deaf ears because this needs to be addressed and I think she should have some type of repercussions regarding her behavior. I know for a fact that it will be a long time before I EVER dine at F&H again knowing that this took place.Good food, good atmosphere, good prices. This place I'd a notch above your average pub fare. And they have NESN on the big screens got all you Northern sports fans on NOLA. Nothing fancy, no pretense, but good, affordable, comfortable fare.. Go with some friends, watch the game, enjoy some grub...