Had the grouper sandwich today, and it was by far the best grouper sandwich I have had to date. Many people say this place is a little expensive, but honestly, I would much rather pay an extra few dollars to get quality AND quantity. Keep up the great work yall! I'll definitely be back!!Stopped here for lunch yesterday because Katie's was doing some renovations. As expected, it didn't disappoint! Only think holding it back from being a 5 is the fries didn't hold the heat. Great when they first hit the table but quickly cooled.
Great first visit though and I'll definitely be back!Francesca's is exactly what Lakeview was missing.  A great, easy, casual place with amazing quality food!  I have been about 3 or 4 times already and I have been completely happy every time.  What's so great about it?  The sandwiches and burgers are just done really well.  The quality of the meat used is very obviously a notch above the rest.  Big Sandwiches, great flavors!
What to get?  The meatball sandwich is amazing.  The meatballs are perfect.  Tender, and the sauce is great!  Reuben is amazing!  Italian Sub is great!  Fried Grouper Sandwich is great!  Really good Burger (just upgraded from 8 to 10oz)...a big juicy, flavorful beef patty!  Frips?!?! When I read about Frips (something in between a french fry and a chip), I thought they sounded dumb...like why not just have regular french fries?  But the Frips are great!  Imagine a wide steak fry sliced thinner so its crispy.  I kinda prefer them to regular fries now.  After 4 visits, I feel like there is still more to try...and I can't wait.  I have my eye on the Boudreaux Pizza next! (pulled pork).  Prices are totally reasonable (despite one negative review about a $17 turkey sandwich.  I don't know what happened there, but there is no $17 turkey sandwich on the menu...so I wouldn't put much stock in that review)...and I definitely wouldn't waste my time ordering a turkey sandwich with all of the other amazing options to choose from.   If you can't tell, this is my new favorite place!  Try it and enjoy!Went here with three other friends and had a myriad of foods. Grouper Sandwhich, Oysta Po Boy, Frip and Pamento Cheese, and you HAVE TO try the signature pizza, the Francesca. It has Prosciutto, Capricola, Salami, fresh basil, and fresh fruit (yes fruit!) I was skeptical about the fruit at first but it was rather good. Also, don't miss out on their daily food specials. Today (Friday) was a special Shrimp Alfredo and when I saw it come out on the plate I became so disappointed with myself for not noticing the daily meals earlier that I vowed to come back one day to try it. Gotta check this place out. Was very busy so not a place for those thinking it will be quick. Or maybe try going at a different hour of the day.The Legend - roast pork and BBQ shrimp stuffed in hollowed out poboy bread.   Flavor is delicious. The only thing that kept me from giving 5 stars is the lack of texture in the sandwich. The pork, bread and shrimp are all soft.  The portion is huge so I'm taking my other half home and will make crostinis and use the sandwich filling as a spread. Mom has the Cajun Cuban. Also great. This one has flavor and texture. Staff were friendly. We will def be back!!I had a great lunch here just a few days after the initial opening. I ordered the Boudreaux pizza which was packed with huge chunks of pork and garlic and covered in spinach. It was one of my favorite pizzas I've ever tried (and I LOVE pizza)! You order at the counter and the food is brought to your table. Even though mine was a pizza, which obviously took time to bake, it came relatively quickly. Staff people checked on us several times to see if we were enjoying our meal. Is definitely recommend next time you're strolling down Harrison.Really, really good. We split The Legend poboy and while the sandwich was very good, the frips stole the show. Will definitely come back to try some of their other offerings.My wife and I stopped by for lunch and were really impressed! We split the grouper sandwich, the everybody loves Raymond sandwich(pastrami cheese coleslaw on marble rye) and an order of the frips which was a new word for me but they were awesome! We will definitely be going back to try the pizza and burgers which also looked great!Katie's is a must stop while in New Orleans.  Favorite things to order are the oysters slessinger and the blackberry jalapeño ribs.  Casual atmosphere.This place is delicious! Grouper sandwich, truffle Mac n cheese and potato salad did not disappoint! More amazing stuff by Scot Craig! The inside is super clean and new. It has a really nice local deli feel and the service is excellent.Best pizza I have ever had.
I don't normally write reviews about restaurants but this pizza was so amazing that I decided to. The crust is awesome and perfectly crispy, and you could tell that all the ingredients are fresh. We got the seafood and meat lovers pizzas, and we all agreed that it was the best pizza we've ever tasted.Nice new restaurant smell. Decided to try it. Glad to see this location making a comeback. Upon arriving we walked in and looked around. It's an order at the counter deli style place. We were greeted with a smile and I ordered a 1/2 of a Muffaletta and Charla got a Shrimp PoBoy. We also ordered some Frips with Pimento Cheese. So we went and got our drinks and sat down. Our food came out promptly. The Muff was right up there with the best in the city and Charla's shrimp PoBoy was stuffed full of shrimp.  She couldn't finish it all. We both left full and will definitely be back. Some folks at a different table had ordered pizza and it looked absolutely delicious as did the meatball PoBoy.Stopped by on a Saturday got lunch.  The meatball sub was legit and the Italian sub was also good that we traded them back and forth trying to decide what was better!  Always great to see Scot as well.  He was working the line to help execute his vision then popped out front to say "Hi" to people.  Can't wait to go back.Pizza was delicious. Ravioli reminded me of the wet Ken-L Ration that I fed to my dog as a kid. Ravioli was awful, awful, awful. Pizza was great!The Moon?  Meh!  So we ordered the world famous: The Moon. Big round loaf with Russian dressing, red cabbage, cold roast beef and ham. The problems:  cold congealed roast beef, a sprinkle of cabbage and a slight layer of the Russian dressing. The result is a huge, dry and cold sandwich. Maybe this is how it is meant to be?  Ok, they are slammed with their opening crowd of friends and family and maybe the second visit will be better. We will give them another chance but : no Moon!
The pizza looked good: maybe next time.Mom and I came here for dinner last night.  Parking is a problem.  We ordered fripes that were hot and fresh no too salty and just the perfect amount.  I asked for ranch, because I am a dipper!!  The best ranch...I wanted to take it home.  We split the Italian sub.  It was delicious...only issue was the bread was toasty with cold meat.  I would have liked it warmed all the way through.  It was great service and clean.  Will return to try their pizzas!Another great success!!! First, Katie's now another great place to get a fabulous meal!! Love the salads and the sandwiches. Hamburger was great!!! Nice staff!!! Fabulous manager!!  Been back twice !!  Also, prepackaged salads and tasty spreads and stuff!! Grab on your way home or when unexpected guests are coming over.I love the food here! I've been for both breakfast and lunch and am always satisfied. The club sandwich is my favorite- when you order this from Francesca you will be disappointed by a club from any other place. I'm not kidding! I've ordered to go, I've sat in the restaurant, and I've gotten delivery, and each time it is just awesome! I love that this place is so close to my house and a part of my neighborhood. It's easy, but most importantly, it's delicious!I gave this place 3 strikes and I'm out. The Mac and cheese is boring, nothing special. The Lakeview sandwich is dry as hell - who doesn't put turkey or something on a sandwich like that? Literally just bread with alfalfa sprouts and avocado. Do not order.  Lastly the Cajun Cuban is super greasy!! This place is OVERPRICED. Forgettable!Hold on to your wallet! Decided to grab a quick to-go sandwich for lunch today. Noted a veggie sandwich with avocado and sprouts on the menu so ordered that and asked to add turkey. Go to pick up my order and it was a shocking $18 ($17.49 to be exact) for a take out sandwich with no side!!! Had a bit of sticker shock, but still hoped to find a fabulous sandwich inside when I got home. Based on the pics you can see that absolutely did not happen. Don't know what restaurant would feel ok charging any customer
almost $18 for the sandwich pictured!! Went to their website to look at the menu more closely after the fact,  and realized that had I said "build your own" and ordered from the build your own section of their menu, this very same sandwich would have cost $10.99. Or I could have ordered a full club sandwich and added the avocado and sprouts and still it would have been less! Shocking!
Also on our first visit our table received it's food at such different times that one of us was done before the other two ever received any food. We didn't complain just figured they needed more time to figure things out but perhaps not.
I will say the employees and staff are very nice, but otherwise not too excited about this place.First visit yesterday to Francesca's.  What a great restaurant.  Will definitely be my new favorite lunch place.  I had the lunch special -- sloppy joe sliders topped with pickles and pimento cheese, thin cut fries (more like homemade chips), and a side of pimento cheese.  Incredibly tasty.  The other specials of the day looked equally inviting so I will return to try those soon.  The price was good -- under $10 for the lunch special. Service and speed was excellent.  Glad Francesca's has made it to Lakeview!  Well done.The legend sandwich is just that! A legend of deliciousness. It's a Cochon de Lait and BBQ shrimp stuffed poboy. It's got a nice spicy kick to it. 
It's big enough to split, but I wouldn't recommend sharing. It's that good!
The moon sandwich consists of ham, roast beef, provolone cheese and Swiss cheese. It has coleslaw with Russian dressing. The dressing makes this sandwich. Very tasty! 
I will be back to try more of their deliciousness.So yummy! My boyfriend and I shared the Reuben and fries and they were on point! Been wanting to try this place out for a while and I'm so glad I did! The girl serving us was super knowledgeable of the menu and gave us great recommendations. The kitchen manager also saw my puppy (waiting for us in my car) and was so kind and gave us doggy treats!!! Will def be back.One of the best roast beef sandwiches in town, i consider myself a roast beef aficionado and this one is top notchLove this new restaurant on Harrison. The pizzas are a crowd pleasure, even my picky kids like them. My favorite thing is the fries/chips smothered in debris gravy topped with pimento cheese, make sure to try it! My husband loved the Boudreaux Pizza. If your choosing a sandwich over pizza, the Cajun Cuban did not disappoint. I also tasted the Legend (half bbq shrimp and cochon de lait) and it was yummy. This is a delicious place but not the cheapest when dining out with 3 kids.I hate saying this, because I love Katie's, but this was underwhelming. A lot of that is because of the price point (high rent in Lakeview?), leading to a $20+ bill for a sandwich, frips, and a fountain drink. Plus they want you to tip, even though it's counter service and the ketchup bottles are all empty. 
Food was decent but not unforgettable, no seasoning on frips.Great place for a quick dinner. Good pizzas and salads. Conveniently located in Lakeview. Staff is always nice.Cute little spot on Harrison. Filled with Saint Louis sports memorabilia on the walls, neat, and clean eating area. Order at the counter, and they bring the food to you. A few tables outside for those few New Orleans days that are conducive to al fresco dining. Extensive menu of sandwiches, salads, pizza, and daily specials. We had the fried ravioli, which were stuffed with meat and a nice change from the usual cheese. We also had The Legend and the meatball poboy. Great flavor and portions are very large. Hands down, everyone's favorite was the frips. We could not get enough of these light, puffy delights! Definitely a neighborhood spot and a place I would take visitors to get a taste of where New Orleanians eat.My fiancé and I were on our way to lunch nearby when we happened to walk by this lovely restaurant about 10 minutes after it opened its doors for the first time. We decided to peek in just to see what they had to offer and were delighted to know we were their first customers ever!
Their menu (I took a few photos and uploaded them for reference) has a large variety of sandwiches, brisket burgers, salads and pizza. They also have a small deli area with a variety of dips, cheeses, meats and crackers. They also have a decent selection of vegetarian options, which surprised me as you don't see that as often.
I ordered a Cajun Cuban which was on pressed French bread. The flavors were lovely together and the bread was the perfectly crisp! My fiancé got the brisket burger (made with 100% ground brisket) which was very juicy. We split an order of flips, which are thin French fries that are very crisp. My only criticism is that the portion size for the flips was too small to share between two people. If you are going with a friend, you should both get your own order.
Once you order, you sit at your table and they bring the food to you. The owner (Scott) and manager (Noelle) came to check on us several times and brought us some additional flips with their pimento cheese to thank us for being the first customers. Everyone who worked there was very nice and their customer service is on point.
Overall, we loved our lunch and are so grateful that we stumbled upon their opening day!Tried Frances's tonight.  I ordered the Fried Grouper Sandwich with their Frips (a thin potato fry). I did enjoy my sandwich and I thank them for offering grouper on the menu, which is not common in New Orleans. My dinning buddy ordered the Cheese Burger with Fried Pickle Spears.  The burger was great, juicy full of flavor and the cheese was melted perfect.  The pickle spears great concept but the batter didn't stay in. I am sure they will tweak that.  We both loved the new atmosphere and decor.  A few things that were a little disappointing I went on a Friday night at 8 pm and no more pizza  and no one from the staff greeted us, came to our table, to check on us or told us good bye or thanks come again. I am sure these issues will be addressed , they are still brand new. I will defiantly be back!!Excellent pizza and wonderful service. We will definitely be back.  Francesca's is a place you can take the family and find quality food and something for everyone.Went with a large group for lunch so we decided to try it out. All orders are taken at the counter so it gets very crowded and disorganized during peak hours. The menu and specials are described thoroughly and easy to understand. The price is a bit high, averaging about $15 bucks for sandwiches (sides not included). If they dropped the prices or included more for the price I'd frequent this place more.I had the roast beef poboy! It was the best sandwich I have ever had. I don't make it out to the area often, but now it's a must on my day off to do nothing but visit this place.  The staff is amazing and I can't wait eat there again. I consider myself a poboy expert. And this place hits it right on the head!!! I think the owners name is Scot. Hey Scot you got a Winner in my book.We've tried just about everything on the menu at this point. They never disappoint. Easily one of my local favorites.Quaint location well maintained. Food was perfectly prepared. I had the grouper sandwich. Frites were nicely fried and unique!Another winner for Scott and the team....
I just find it pricey but that is the world we live inI've eaten some Italian subs in the city and the burbs but none come close to Francesca's.  A muffuletta is not an Italian sub.  I'm a Jersey girl and this is definitely the best! I just wish they had a cheesesteak!I have to say that the food is great. I have been eating there for a couple of years. Tonight I was very impressed with the take out service during covid. They were very conscientious about what they did and how they interacted with customers. Francesca cares about the customer and employees. Fantastic and I hope they can stay around while we go through this ordeal. They are good people and I will go back again and again.We really wanted to see this new restaurant and taste goodness.... Well 60.00 later three sandwiches just did not taste good. The randition of a Cuban sandwich called Cajun Cuban was dry over spicy with some kind of off pudding brown mustard on French bread. The other was a Ruben that looked like it was made on peperage farm store bought bread stale ...... Maybe it was late in the day about 6pm Friday. I should have had my eye open when asked the young lady what was the difference between a Cuban and a cukajun she said idonotknoe cheese???? Also Hold on to your wallet seem to be overprices. Must be hard to make a sandwich these days....Earlier when Francesca's reopened, I had a poor experience. I contacted the manager whom very generously fixed things. Highly recommendWe were headed to Another Broken Egg and unfortunately they had a longggg wait! So we decided to go for lunch here. My best friend and I had the chopped oyster salad with oysters! Great meal. If you go and have a salad have the avocado wasabi dressing. Delish! I will
return for a lunch with coworkers.This place is doing a great job.  Sandwiches are all good and they have a great muffuletta.  The pizza is even better. 
I haven't tried the Sunday brunch yet but will do so soon.We are visiting from Pennsylvania and discovered Francesca for lunch. I had the best Italian "The Hill" Salad I have ever tasted. Other sandwiches and meals looked great. Definitely returning on this trip.This is a family own/run restaurant. Owner Scot Craig has put together numerous types of specialty sandwiches, as well as, all the traditional sandwiches. And they all come in big portions. I had "The Legend". (Pictured below). Roast beef with shrimp mixed together in a specialty sauce that really blended together. I added a little salt to taste. The only reason this is not a five star review is because it was pretty difficult to eat. Meaning you aren't able to hold it like a normal Po-boy, because the sauce made the bread so juicy it would fall apart. I suggest using a knife and fork, which is what I did.  I definitely will be back to try, not only some of their specialty sandwiches, but some of their traditional sandwiches as well.Just when you thought this place couldn't get any better, they have added brunch. I have only three words "mammoth cinnamon roll." And, "fried beignet sausage egg and cheese." OK, that's nine words.  Who's counting?
 Don't miss it.Amazing sandwiches and friendly staff! The pizza looks amazing, will have to try next time. Lots of fresh options to choose from and amazing daily specials. Super convenient for those that live in the Lakeview area!We ordered take out last night and it was average at best. The fried okra was soggy. The frips were not golden brown crispy. They were very pale. The Italian sandwich was extremely bland. The crust on the pizza was thick and not like we are use to. We order to go or eat here 3 or 4 times a month. The food is always great but last night it wasn't. I didn't want to to give y'all a low star review because I know your food is better than what we got last night. I just wanted to give y'all feedback.Food was absolutely amazing! I got the Cajun Ruben and it was to die for! The fries were also amazing! Its was also decently priced. I will definitely be going back again soon! Great options for salads and pizzas as well!This was my second visit here. Service is quick and good. This place is clean, let's hope it stays that way. Today's special (they offer daily specials everyday day of the week) was fish Tacos..OMG fantastic, and I don't think I've ever used that term in any food review I've done. The portion size was large they come with home made French fries but I switched them out for homemade coleslaw. The tacos are fantastic with blacken grouper (not fried that God!) with a light home made creole type of sauce, with chopped veggies on top wrapped in a very thin light taco role. To be honest this taco lunch was some of the best freshest food I've been served in Nola. The menus growing each week, they told me they are getting a liquor license soon. They have tons more items on the menu to choose from. They sell to go already made dinners. They have a nice indoor seating area and a few picnic tables outside. I like sitting outside but don't like the cars parked right next to my table. Can't wait to go back!The food was fantastic- the service was awful and the reason we won't be back. My friend and I were celebrating our first, last day of our graduate programs and came to Francesca's to celebrate. We were greeted by a woman who seemed already disgruntled. I asked her or actually begged her if I could order off the kids menu in addition to ordering an entree for myself. Completely refused. I even offered to pay for two orders of kids spaghetti (same price as the regular size spaghetti on the days they have it) and was met with another no. Don't understand the point and coming from someone who works in the service industry it seems like the more sales the better but okay. Instead of spending $12+$15 for food now I'm only spending $15. Next dilemma- the soda machine is towards the back so we didn't see it when coming in so we bought the $4 bottled drinks in the front. I open mine, it's terrible, I pitched it immediately. Our food comes and I'm dying of thirst so I approached the counter to "buy a sprite" and handed the woman $5. She gave it back to me and told me not to worry about it and gave me a cup. About 20minutes later my friend goes to the counter to ask her for a cup for ice for her bottled Barq's that's rapidly heating up being it's August  and the woman refuses. She said she can't give cups away they cost $2. My friend reminded her that would be a $6 16 ounce Barq's with no refills and she still would not give her a cup. Okay so do you have any other cups? She's hit with a no. If someone wants a cup of water you charge them $2/3$? Come on now. We're in our mid 20's- it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out why a middle aged white woman in Lakeview would be so hostile to a young black woman. Over a cup of ice though? Someone from the kitchen came out and brought her a cup of ice after hearing the exchange and apologized. Sure enough there are clear cups and no you don't charge for them. Get over yourselves.Food is amazing!! I've tried several different sandwiches and the Francesca pizza (without fruit) and I've loved everything I've had! All the workers are always so friendly as well! Frips and pimento cheese is a game changer!This is an offshoot of Katie's, a large Mid-City Italian restaurant. This place is smaller, but nonetheless has more seating than I'd guessed from the outside. They offer similar pizza, as well as a variety of other options. It's mostly in the bread with cheese vein, so it won't work for everyone, but it seems like within their niche they do well.
I started with some "frips" a thin-cut french fry that is almost a chip. They're just thick enough that there's still a bit of potato softness inside, but the thin cut means there's a lot of surface area that gets fried, which is unhealthy and delicious. There was a bit of seasoning on them, which went a long way. The pizza is one of the better ones in New Orleans, notable for the provolone in its cheese mix which adds a silky texture and creamy taste. Oddly, they have a few standard pizzas and state vaguely that you can customize your own, as if the idea of listing toppings and prices was not common practice. However, the peppers and mushrooms I added to mine were ample in quantity (and I think they charged me $1.50 or so a topping?) and the pizza as a whole was excellent.
Their hours are a bit limited, and their menu doesn't have a ton of stuff that I can eat, but it's good enough and convenient enough to be worth a visit now and then.I have always wanted to try this place and I finally made it today! They had a nice and neat menu with a good amount of options for a quick lunch and dinner. I only tried spaghetti and mac and cheese this time, but definitely want to go back for some more food. Spaghetti was super fresh and delicious, but the truffle in mac and cheese was very strong. Also, it was really cool that they have their daily special menu planned out for the week and have them written on the menu board!Best salads in nola and amazing sandwiches.  Fast and friendly service. Decent beer selection.  Definitely a under appreciated gem that most people don't know about. Check out the Frips!So tonight I enjoyed my second meal from Francesca's. Tonight I placed a to go order by phone. My hubs and I weren't too hungry, so based on the generous size of the poboy we shared on our last visit. we chose to split something on this visit as well. 
We went with a Reuben and, wow, what a sandwich! It was chock-full of tender, thinly sliced, lean, corned beef. Plenty enough cheese and dressing too.  It was delicious and big enough for us to split. We also shared a side of the truffle mac and cheese. I'd definitely get a side if you're splitting a sandwich. The truffle mac and cheese was very tasty. It was very rich and had a mildly smoky flavor.
My first visit was a success as well. We shared a meatball poboy. There was no doubt in my mind that the meatballs were homemade. Any y'all, the bread!! I'm a bread freak, and this bread was perfect! The red gravy was a winner too. 
Francesca's is casual, bright, clean, the staff is friendly, and the food is excellent.  I'm a fan.Just close your eyes, point to the menu, that's all you need to know. Weapons of Mass Digestion included.Normally a 5 for us.  We come from the NORTHSHORE to eat here.  There was no indication  on the website of a very limited menu on Sunday.  M, W-Sat a 5.  Sunday a 1 unless you want breakfast for lunch.We've been going here for the phenomenal sandwiches since they opened (being big fans of sister restaurant Katie's). Last night got delivery again and finally tried the pizza. I am mad it took us so long, the pizza is some of the BEST in the city or anywhere for that matter. Don't sleep on the fried ravioli either. Prices are also so reasonable, same pizza of lesser quality is almost $10 more at some places around town. Love this place.I had the absolute worst sandwich of my life here. After being reassured that they could make a vegan sandwich that would be "absolutely delicious," I had a sandwich made up- although sandwich is a generous term to describe what I was given. It consisted of two pieces of dry bread, followed by some half- hearted avocado slices, a mountain of sprouts, and some tomato. No dressing, and two slices of cheese to the side, defeating the very purpose of  a vegan sandwich. If you can't make a good sandwich, then please just say that you can't make it. Don't tell a customer that you can make a good one, and then serve them what amounts to an insult in food form. There was not even an attempt at seasoning, much less flavor. This sandwich was so bad that its very existence both saddened and angered me. I understand that this place might not be geared to vegetarians and vegans, and that's fine! Just don't say that accommodations can be made if they can't.This restaurant goes above and beyond for quality ingredients and you can taste it.  Everything I have had from the Frips, Grouper , Ruben and Cuban sandwiches to the burgers and pizzas you can't make a bad choice.WOW!  What a find.  I was turned on to "Francesca by Katie's" thru a good friend, and am I thankful!  When you walk in its very quaint and cozy. Seating is great and comfy for two or four at a table, if more, you can put two tables together or eat outside, which is a relaxing outdoor experience.  There's a fridge to your right that houses just the right libations and soft drinks needed, to pair with the great food you will soon be  eating. Right in front is the counter and ordering area, the staff is right there waiting to serve you. The staff is so delightful to customers , that I said to myself, " Hmmm, I wonder if Lauren (my server) is a long lost cousin from Alsace Lorraine, thinking I own a B&B, and she's being xtra nice, uh huh. Nah, MO, she is just a pure people pleaser, WOW! I can't wait to meet the other staffers.
My last visit to Francesca's, I had a roast beef Po'boy. I have never eaten a roast beef on a po'boy in my life. I tried it  and loved it ! What a delight, l'll always get a roast beef, even in addition to my  gluttonic  ( I just made that word up) order.  My guest had a shrimp po'boy, what a beautiful sight.  You had to open your mouth a minimum of 4 inches , my guest had the  "Da Bree's  Frips, and I had the "Bacon Blu Frips.
I had a glance at the Chef and cooks , long live this crew, they can get down with the grub, ya heah me, y'all. This is a great place for relaxing and  consuming one of and some of  Nu'Awlins Best of Louisiana cooking, the most professional and genuine people making " Francesca by Katie's,"  a part of your "To Do Stop!" the menu is absolutely great.
Pics and menu will be added  in a few hours. Stay prayed up, and you will do what is best for you. As Tootie use to say on facts of life ' TOOTLES' ya'llNew pace for Sunday brunch!!
Prolific menu....good food, very clean, welcoming, fairly new....
Wasn't too busy when we went on Sunday for brunch. 
Not a full table service place: self serve drinks, refills, condiments and even cutlery....but, they sure ask for a tip on the bill ()
Certainly recommend the place .....Quite disappointed with my recent order from Francesca's. 
Ordered a create your own sandwich with turkey on white bread - asked for it to be toasted, and it was not :( 
A BLT with American cheese, was charged for the cheese, but no cheese on the sandwich. 
And an order of the Da Brees Frips. By the time we got back home, the frips were soggy and unappetizing. The gravy/pimento cheese combination should not be served on the hot fries, and should be packaged separately when ordering to-go. The hot/humid combination just was not good. 
Raved about the sandwiches in the past, and I know it's been a tough transition for all. But if I order from here again, definitely just going to stick to pizza.Great little order first bistro type restaurant! The pizzas are great. We also tried the Drew Bris frips which was tasteful. The man that checked us out was super helpful & let us customize a pizza. I would love to go back and try a new dish.We've been going to Francesca since it opened and it's always been great. Yesterday was our first trip back since the pandemic. It was hugely disappointing. We went specifically for the pastrami, which is what we order every time. I placed my order, and the lady who took the order informed me that they no longer have pastrami. It's still on their large chalkboard menu though. She said nobody can reach that high to take it off. Maybe try a ladder?
I decided to try one of the build your own sandwiches. Turkey, ham, and swiss on French bread, with coleslaw. The lady had to ask me three times to repeat my order while ringing it in the computer. My friend ordered corned beef on white, and was offered to have it pressed like a panini. She accepted. We both ordered the fries, which are normally wonderful. 
We took a seat and within five minutes my sandwich and fries came out. The sandwich was humongous. I'm not complaining about the size since I paid $18.00 for it. But it was terrible. The bread was stale. It was not typical New Orleans French bread. It was heavy and thick. Come on, this is NOLA, there's no excuse for not using Leidenheimer's. There was a lot of ham, turkey, and cheese on it, but the coleslaw was practically non-existent. Shameful, especially since they charged extra for what amounted to a tablespoon of coleslaw. 
The fries tasted like old grease. You could tell that they had fried a lot more than potatoes in the fryer, and hadn't changed the oil in a long time. Gross. 
I ended up taking some of the meat and cheese out of the pathetic bread, and just eating that. 
About five minutes after I got my food, my friend got her corned beef panini. They had pressed cold corned beef between the bread, resulting in semi-warm toast with cold corned beef in the middle. She took two bites and threw the rest away. I threw my whole french bread away along with half of the filling, and all of the fries. We left hungry and minus $40.00. 
One other off-putting thing was a tip jar, placed prominently on the table at the entrance where you order. It says "TIPS-we work for them". I felt guilted into placing money in the jar upon ordering, rather than leaving a tip on the table after our meal. I do believe in tipping, and would have tipped without seeing the jar. I just think it's rude to have a jar in your face basically demanding a tip before you can evaluate the service. 
We will not be back.I loved the garlic, blue cheese, and bacon fripps, but the grouper sandwich was a big disappointment. Not the grouper itself, but the toasted WHITE BREAD they put it on. Come on, Scott, that tasty fish deserves a great bun to sit on! Next time, I'll tell them(a la Jack Nicholson) to forget the bread and just give me a fish plate with cole slaw on the side.Great sandwiches!
Delicious Comfort food and friendly staff make this a good spot for carryout or dine in. Loved the Reuben! A little pricey but worth it :)Oyster poboy $22.00 and the ouster's were overcooked and some burnt. Ridiculous price.I usually go here when working in the Lakeview area ,the service is good but yesterday I tried a pizza from here and was blown away with the bradbird didn't expect a good pizza from here but it kind of stole the light from the other items I've tried .But if your in the area give em a tryFish Fry Friday - pandemic edition
I was scoping Fish Fry plates on the interwebs and saw that the Katie's plate came with a crabcake! Yes please. 
I picked up 4 plates on Friday afternoon; I had called my order in and they were waiting when I arrived. They've set up the front of the store for good social distancing with everyone wearing masks and all the wipes downs on my card and pen for payment. Great job!
The food... the plates were delicious. The frips were yummy, crabcake was rich and the fried fish was crisp. Plus momma said they doctored those peas up good. We also got a side of fried okra which is always good here.
Definitely need to remember to cross town and order from them again soon.This is definitely a very solid place. It is an unpretentious sandwich pizza type place in Lakeview. The food is outstanding. I've had the fried fish sandwich, the Cajun Cuban, and a couple of their pizzas. All were excellent. The Cajun Cuban is about the best sandwich in New Orleans. They also have really excellent potato salad. The red beans and rice were OK but not as good as mine but then I'm not sure there are any red beans as good as mine. Definitely recommend you try this place out. Outstanding service too as well as outstanding prices.Phenomenal addition to the NOLA dining scene.  A wonderful sandwich shop/deli with gourmet goodies to go tucked into the growing area of Harrison avenue.  The everybody loves Raymond is a gorgeous pastrami on marbled the with Russian dressing and a red cabbage coleslaw that is packed with flavor.  The pastrami was lean and flavorful and tender - the rye bread had nice flavor and was very fresh.  Ordered a side of frips - a chip crossed french fry that was great.  It's a thinner cut steak fry - 
The menu also offers pizzas, Po-Boys, burgers and additional sandwiches with a St. Louis flare.  Friendly staff, great space with limited parking, and a nice array of tables from high tops to long tables in the back and everything in between.  Owned and operated by the same folks who own the mid-city institution Katie's, this place is definitely a winner.Great place for lunch! The staff was very friendly and helpful with the menu. Grouper sandwich was delicious and for a great price! My kids shared the muffuletta and it was equally great!The Boudreaux pizza is fantastic. The frips are ok, but not as good as the swamp fries from Katie's (same owners). Love the burgers with pimento cheese and good selection of big salads. I wish they were open later than 7pm.Finally, a spot in Lakeside that offers something other than an old-school, tired, traditional menu.
It's long overdue!  The residents of Lakeview no longer have to venture to the CBD, Uptown or the Garden District for a well-executed, unique twist, on classic dishes.  It's right here on Harrison; give it a try!Had an early flight into New Orleans, staying in the Metairie neighborhood, and stopped by Francesca by Katie's for take-out sandwiches. Both the Everybody Loves Raymond (corned beef, swiss cheese, coleslaw, Russian dressing) and the Cajun Cuban (cochon de lait, grilled ham, swiss cheese, mustard, pickles, pressed french bread) were delicious. Highly recommend topping off any order with Fripps (thinly sliced french fries)--they were similar  to a steak fry, but because they're thinner, they seemed crispier.
Service was friendly and quick and I appreciated the variety on the menu and all the goodies tempting you by checkout, including Ooey Gooey, which is a butter cake smothered in icing.This is the building once home to Koz on Harrison Ave. about a block or so south of Canal Blvd. For all practical purposes, it is street parking especially during the traditional lunch hours when this place is busy.
You order and pay for your food up front and it is brought to your table when done. Besides the menu selections there are daily specials listed on the board behind the counter. Fountain drinks and tea are available as are selected bottle soft drinks. It is an informal setting with a lot of tables arranged to accommodate various sized gatherings of friends. Or foreign leaders and their staff. 
We should bring President Trump and Putin back from their meeting in Helsinki for lunch at Francesca in Lakeview. Only peace and harmony can result if they both eat the Cochon de lait and bbq shrimp stuffed po-boy. Here it is called The Legend. Appropriate I think. 
Seriously. What a blend of flavors and textures from the slow cooked pig. Typically garlic, some Louisiana hot sauce,  pepper, salt, maybe some honey. Whatever they are using is spot on.
And the bread. A good sized loaf with soft interior and nice slightly crunchy exterior. For this item, it is hollowed out and the meat stuffed inside.  A side of very tasty potato salad quenched our hunger. 
As no one mere mortal can eat an entire Legend in one sitting and remain conscious, I took half home to finish for another meal. You need to give this place a try. We will be back as I made a mental note of some other menu items and daily special I want to try.Best breakfast pizza I've ever had!!! They just started serving brunch and everything is absolutely amazing.Wow! A group from my work went to Francesca's yesterday and what a great meal! You order at the counter which prevents the horrors of splitting the bill after the meal. 
Their menu is varied and had something to please all of us. Amongst the six of us we had sausage and peppers, cochon de lait + shrimp, fried grouper, lakeview (cheese and veggies), turkey panini, and a muffaletta. Oh and delicious fried okra and frips (fries cut into thin strips). Everyone really enjoyed their food. Service was quick (even during a busy lunch) and the space is clean!
There are a few parking spots out front and along the side (maybe in back?) but we parked on the street. I was racking my brain trying to remember what this spot used to be then a friend reminded me. This is the location of the pre-K Charlie's poboys and most recently Koz's. Great addition to the neighborhood!Woah, this place has some crazy good food! Portion sizes are a bit over average, prices are average, but the quality is through the roof! Plenty of outdoor seating, clean indoor seating and restrooms, and a super friendly and helpful staff. As you can see by the name, it's the same owner as Katie's so there is a great reputation behind this joint as well. 
The Legend stuffed poboy was amazing. The cochon de lait was easy the most tender pork I've ever had. Combined with the bbq shrimp and sauce used, it was an outstanding poboy to say the least. The club sandwich and meatball sub were also great. The fried okra and frips were fried to perfection. The okra had a great batter and the frips (fries/chips) were crispy and well seasoned. 
Hands down worth a drive to check this dive out!