I live and work in the neighborhood and although I'd eaten here over the years it was never somewhere I frequented. Every time I've visited over the last 6 months I've realized how great this place is! The service is always quick and friendly and the food is always phenomenal. I have yet to try something here that I didn't enjoy. Great little neighborhood spot.super hungry late night,  no one eating in.  had my dog. super helpful,  got the dog water,  took my order,  did came out hot and fast.  excellent service.  love this place!I absolutely adore this place! Amazing food, great service, and an all around awesome space. You guys rock!  Reading the other reviews and noticing some of the negative comments, I am not entirely sure people realize how much business you guys actually put out, especially with deliveries. Keep up the great work, I appreciate you all.This place will do if you need some food in a fix... But definitely don't go out of your way to dine here. Been here twice. The first time the service was terrible but and food was good. The second time the service was good but the food was terrible. So... be warned. Consistency is not their thing.Perhaps we did a poor job ordering, but this was the least memorable meal of my four-day visit to New Orleans. Bland food and overpriced, IMO. I'm not sure why this place was two-thirds full at 2pm Saturday, given the other options in the neighborhood.
Maybe we were supposed to order pizza? Maybe we caught it at an off-time.
Loved the patio seating (perfect for splitting a few pitchers on a warm afternoon), but unfortunately it was full, and so we took a seat in the (extremely dark) front dining room. Our server was slow and rarely to be found... Fine, just bring us the food. But the grub--all three dishes at our table--was underwhelming, too.
I would've rather had another shrimp po'boy.
Bathrooms were absolutely disgusting. Usually I can handle this, but they were nasty to the extent I briefly wondered whether it'd be safe to order food here. I let the presence of other diners reassure me it'd be safe. Hey, but they do have hot water (when you wash your hands, watch out for it)!
Fortunately, there's a frozen yogurt place conveniently located across the street, which we visited afterwards and was much more fulfilling.They claim to be the best pizza in New Orleans...They changed their pizza recipe. Before, the crust was thicker and was much closer to the pizza of my homeland, New York. Today, the pizza is crap. First, Cafe Nino leaves, now this?! There is no longer any good pizza in NOLA. Fresco, I trusted you so... You had a good thing going and you screwed it up.Fresco is fine. Pros include location, suitable for studying, and I love the BBQ chicken pizza and the caesar salad with chicken. Cons include, price, slow service, and I haven't been impressed with anything else I've eaten.Do NOT eat here. The place is FULL of roaches. Roaches are everywhere. they are in the bathroom, dining area, kitchen, and literally falling from the ceiling. The employees are encouraged to "not make a scene and learn to kill them." 
Not to mention, the food is extremely over priced and is nothing more than mediocre. The delivery service takes forever, its just all around terrible. There are many other DELICIOUS places to eat in Nola, including Chill Out Cafe, located on the same street.I almost never write reviews but feel compelled to do so in this instance. Ordered a pizza for delivery at 9pm tonight and was told it would be approximately fifty minutes. At 10pm, I still had not received the order so I called them back and was told that it was on its way. At 11pm, still had not received the pizza after waiting two hours and called them again. The lady on the phone told me that she did not see my order in the system. She had me speak to the manager who said his name was Steven and he told me that he would check with his delivery driver and call me back, which made no sense since the previous person I spoke to did not see my order in the system. After more than two hours I had no pizza and Fresco's could not provide me with a clear answer on what had happened as they gave me the run around.  I will not be ordering from them again.I had had this place drunk before and remembered vaguely that I enjoyed it so I decided to give it a sober go.
I ordered delivery for lunch on a day I was working from home (re: procrastinating) and didn't want to cut into my work time to get food. They were pretty fast and used the door code I included in the notes, a big plus since that's my pet peeve.
I got the meatball Stromboli and it is huge. Like I could feed a small family with this thing. It delicious though so I'll probably just keep it all for myself.
Only complaint is the delivery guy forgot my Diet Coke. This really annoys me because then I have to sit and look at the food while he goes back to get it because I don't want to eat it without a proper drink.Like really the best cafe uptown, amazing wraps and great customer service.You can order something different Every time and get fast delivery.Ordered the portobello ravioli for delivery. Took an hour to receive. When i walked out to receive it was lightly raining. Unfortunately my front door isn't covered.  The driver was standing under the covered section and expected me to walk over barefoot to him.  I stood with his money for him to walk 5 steps to me. Her claimed he didn't like rain.  Really?? So the meal was luke warm and did not have a good flavor. Pretty sure that were frozen and not fresh. Won't order here again.I order the chicken portobello stromboli, for delivery. It was delicious!!! Packed full of chicken and mushrooms, seasoned perfectly, also the delivery was faster than expected. I'll definitely be ordering more from here.Ive ordered delivery a bunch and the food is always solid, but i leave the review today because of my service. usually i order online because im socially awkward, today i called in and the guy that answered sounded actually happy to talk to me, super friendly. Didnt get his name but great employee :)Tasteless pizza, tasteless eggplant dip made​ with much more bread than eggplant. Not quite sure what they are trying to accomplish, certainly​ not in anyway Italian or even vaguely​ New Orleans.Several eat-ins & deliveries later, I am still singing this place's praises.  I have now had:
*Chicken Wings Appetizer (delish!)
*Greek Salad (my stars, this is good)
*Fresco Salad (ok)
*Pesto Pasta (favorite thing on the menu - A+++++++++++++++)
*Chicken Pesto Pizza (just ok - honestly, you should opt for the Pesto Pasta with Chicken over this)
*Chicken Portobello Stromboli (pretty good)
*Mama Rose's Lasagna (ugh - not to my taste at all)
I have never, ever had a problem with the service.I loooove Fresco's food. I lived down the block from them for quite some time and always enjoyed their pizza and chicken wraps. The food is great and usually the servers are kind, but the one thing I absolutely HATE is that when you call in an order they often hang up without thanking you or saying good-bye. That's my personal pet peeve; I like good customer service and a lot of time the workers seem like they don't even want to be there.Ultimately, Fresco's provides a hit or miss experience.  At times, I've had great service and food.  Lately, the service has been poor and the food has been average.  I do enjoy the drink specials and outdoor patio... just never know how the food will turn out!Took my dad to this spot before we headed out to the Tulane Homecoming game. We arrived at 11 and though there were no one there at the time, the inside was really clean and the outside was very inviting. The food was pretty good! I had the Caesar wrap which was cheesy with the right amount of Caesar dressing to compliment the cheese. My father had the chicken pesto pasta and wow was it good! I have heard about how the pizzas are and I plan on trying them out as soon as I get another chance at this restaurant. The location is perfect for college kids and the pizza must be pretty good because a lot of people were coming in to pick one up. I can not wait to try them now. If you find yourself in this area due to drinking, looking at Tulane or just happen to find yourself in the area, please go give this place a try.I love Fresco's! I especially love it for delivery. Their online ordering system is super simple and easy. It remembers my favorite, and I can even go ahead and leave a tip. Super awesome!Great food! Recommend the hummus for a starter and any of the sandwiches. Food took a little longer than expected to prepare but was well worth the wait. Outdoor and indoor seating, very casual.We've eaten here at least a hundred times over the years and never a bad experience. Had most of the menu items once. Faves are shrimp pesto pita, Caesar salad, ham+pepperoni stromboli, Mediterranean burger, and of course the pizza. Best hummus in the neighborhood. 
Pizza is a medium crust, floppy and soft, which is my favorite kind. If you want thin crust, go to a wood oven place (nearest ones are Louisiana Pizza Kitchen on Carrollton and Domenica on Magazine). If you want thick, go to Midway on Freret.
My ONLY complaint is that they don't have black olives.When I lived in the Tulane bubble, I feasted on food from Fresco fairly frequently. This is also about the same time that I became aware of an active appreciation of alliteration. (Sorry, couldn't help myself.) It's one of those places where I order the same thing every time I go, and in fact that particular thing -- the spinach and artichoke sandwich -- is also what I order at Fellini's and Angeli on Decatur, because they're almost exactly the same. 
It's been a while since I've eaten here, so I can't speak to the service at this point, but given that the food NEVER CHANGED over the course of many, many years, I'm confident that I could go back and order that sandwich and it'd be just as tasty as it's always been. In fact, that sounds like a good idea about now...
They have a big patio, perfect for when the weather's nice (i.e. March and October) and I'm pretty sure they do some kind of pitcher specials. At the very least, they do serve pitchers. I've had many an enjoyable afternoon repast with friends outside at Fresco. If you've got a high tolerance for college kids and you like the food at Angeli/Fellini's, you'll probably be a fan of Fresco.I went here with my husband and 2 sons (4 and 8). I got a restaurant.com certificate and was glad to try something different in our neighborhood. The restaurant was maybe 1/2 full on a Thursday evening. Mostly college students with a few families.
We started with the hummus appetizer; yummy. The kids both ordered pizza off the kids menu and were excited because the menu stated that the kids meals included an ice cream dessert. I had the chicken bbq pizza which was ok but I would probably try something different next time. Dh had the Mediterranean Burger Special and said it was wonderful. Service was friendly but the waitress seemed overworked. 
The reason for 3 stars is that when the kids tried to collect on their ice cream dessert, the waitress said that it isn't offered anymore. Who the heck tells a 4 year old that they are getting ice cream and then doesn't give it to them????? Its not really a problem that ice cream isn't included (most restaurants don't include dessert with kid's meals) but we had been promising them throughout the dinner that they could have ice cream if they behaved and ate their dinner. So don't leave it printed on the menu - geez. 
Luckily they are located in a neighborhood with plenty of yummy dessert options so we avoided tragedy. :-) And the meal was reasonably priced with the restaurant.com certificate. We will probably go there again.My boyfriend and I had Fresco's pizza delivered to our house here in Uptown (Audubon) New Orleans. 
Timing was on point, pricing isn't outrageous, the pizza was incredible, and the very kind delivery man didn't even take our coupon. 
Personally, I prefer pizza that is light on the sauce and a little heavy on cheese..and Fresco's did so perfectly and I didn't even have to request it. 
If you haven't had it, try it! 
We've found our new delivery pizza favorite.
Well done, Fresco's!Reliable, open late and they deliver. Very yummy spinach and artichoke dip. Very decent pizza. There stromboli is pretty good too.I used to live right around the corner from this place, and I could easily say I ate here every ten days or so.  The menu is solid and has something for everyone. Sandwiches, wraps, delicious pizza, bountiful salads, and awesome drink specials make this an easy choice for lunch or dinner.  Everything is good, but my favorite is the roasted veggie wrap - roasted eggplant, onion, spinach, garlic cloves, and other goodness with feta cheese & hummus wrapped into a buttered, warm pita.  It is served with delicious roasted potatoes, but you can throw another $1.50 in and get a salad option.  The pizzas are delectable (pulled pork bbq anyone?) and the pasta dishes are massively wonderful cheesy concoctions of melty carbalicious heaven.  The gyro salad is a greek greasy hangover cure. I also highly recommend the appetizer sampler - a scoop of hummus, the most amazing spicy sun dried tomato dip, and a stuffed portobello mushroom (it used to be a scoop of baba ganoush, but they changed it - SAD FACE but still worth it), served with pita wedges.
They also have amazing drink specials, like $3 pitchers, 2 for 1 margaritas on Sat & Sun (zomg so good), a bottle of wine for $7, $3 bloody marys and mimosas on Sunday, and wonderful special, mixologized items...it's incredible.
The service is also great, and the outdoor seating can't be beat.This is not a three star place. I've been here a couple times over the past year, and I think that it's one of the better finds in the black pearl area. I think it's recently opened, within the last couple years, and I hope they stick around because their shrimp pesto wrap is outstanding, as is their turkey sandwich. It's obvious to me that they're practicing the "under promise/over deliver" business model because the last time I came in they said the order would be out in 10 minutes and we got it in 5. I love that. I generally believe what businesses tell me, so when they make an effort to surprise me, even if it's something small like that, I really appreciate it. The pricing is also pretty reasonable for the quantity and quality. A quick lunch or dinner with a couple drinks - $25. Doesn't get much better than that.Huge portions. Great food. Open super late for dine in and deliveries. Also, they have a bunch of great drink specials every day of the week!Not a fan of Fresco.  The food is so hit or miss and inconsistent that I quit them.
A few things that they have working in their favor.  Plenty of outside seating.  They are dog friendly and will bring your doggie cool water on a hot day. Most of the servers I have had there are friendly and good at bringing refills and whatever else you need.  They have good drink prices and specials.
Oh, but then there is the food.  There are a few things on the menu that I found pleasing.  The eggplant lavash roll is good.  The salads are also good.
The spinach and artichoke dip and wrap aren't so good.  I have a a few OK pizza from them, but really just Ok at best.  But those times I dined in. 
Then, one night I ordered a pizza for delivery, I just live a few blocks away, btw.  It took forever, but that wasn't my real problem.  I ordered a Pepperoni pizza.  In my opinion the most simple thing in the world.   And, I have really, honest to god, never met a pepperoni pizza I found downright offensive.  Well, not until that one. I'll eat bourbon street pizza, Totinos party pizza, I don't care as long as it's pizza.  But this pizza was so beyond gross I don't even know how to explain.  Seriously, how can anyone screw up a pepperoni pizza?
After that I dubbed Fresco a "never again place".  I was a regular customer, eating here or getting delivery  several times a week for convienence sake.  And sorry Fresco, but I can not move past this. I question businesses that send out bad food to regular customers.  I'd rather call Dominios, and that's bad.  
The ever rotating college crowd I'm sure is what keeps them in business, because they aren't going to keep locals around serving that kind of yuck!
1 star for the patio, even though in summer you will be literally swarmed by flies if you sit outside.  But, this is NOLA, so a FEW bugs (but swarms, idk, seems they could do something about that) if you sit outdoors are to be expected...
And another for the servers, as they can't help what the kitchen does.So good I forgot to take a picture of it. Got the hummus which was amazing and the fresco salad. Yummmm. I was just glad they delivered to my work so late. Now I'm glad because it was so good.Place is under new ownership.  They changed the recipe for the Caesar salad and that WAS one of the best things on the menu.  The pasta dishes have also suffered.  This used to be one of our favorite places to go to get a good Italian meal and sit outside and enjoy, not anymore.  If your the new management, bring back some of the old menu items!We had a great coupon that was expiring, so we decided to check out Fresco's. Everyone was friendly when we got there and everything was normal at the beginning. We sat down, the server asked us what we wanted to drink, we got our drinks, and then she came back for the food order.
I asked her if the coupon was okay for what we were ordering and she was very friendly the whole time, not making me feel bad for using a coupon.
K and I ordered the lasagna and a small Spicy Chicken pizza. We really liked the pizza. Whatever that spicy sauce was, I loved it. The lasagna was good, but I thought it was a little too salty, and there was a lot more meat than noodles. I guess that's not always a bad thing, but I feel that there should still be a good balance of noodles to meat. K did point out that the menu warned us that it was a meaty lasagna.
The service kind of stopped after we got our food and were asked shortly after if everything was good. K drank all his water and never got a refill, no one noticed that we were done with our food for a while, and I ended up giving our server my credit card before we even got the bill. All of this while the staff congregated around the bar talking to one another. Not to mention we were one of the only two tables occupied at the restaurant.
I have no problem with staff who are having fun at work or enjoying the company of their coworkers, but I would have liked a little more attention.
Overall it was a decent experience but I don't think we will be going out of our way to go back.The food is pretty good, but I am not sure it is worth the 45 minute wait...for our appetizer.Fresco is your perfect late night spot and lunch spot. It's near both Loyola and Tulane and offer free delivery to nearby. The spinach dip and the spicy tomato dip are so good. I love the fettuccine alfredo it's so good and the cheese bread offered is probably my favorite thing. The cheese pizza is really good too. I highly recommend this restaurant to literally everyone.I love Fresco's! My boyfriend and I order delivery from here all the time and it always hits the spot. I love their eggplant sandwich and he always gets the chicken Caesar wrap. The location is cool too especially the outside seating area. We fux with it hard.Great Service!  Amazing Food! Love the young male waiter!!! I got the small spicy chicken pizza, and it was so amazing. The service was great, and there was such an amazing warm vibe!I came here once well over 6 months ago and I'm just now writing a review. Ok I'm late, I know. I stumbled across this place on bringfido.com. I wanted to find more dog friendly places in New Orleans so that I can tag my "kids" along when my husband and I go out. If you have a dog, you will eat outside...as expected. The patio is cute and the service was good. I had the Margherita pizza.... NOM NOM NOM! SO GOOD! I am currently craving it which is why I turned to Yelp since I completely forgot the name of this spot. Thank God for pictures. I am surprised to see that this place only has 3 stars. My review is based off food alone. I haven't seen inside the restaurant and I have not used their delivery service.I can start by saying, I was looking for a place that delivers late. I always struggle to find restaurants that have good food at this time of night. To be honest, dominos gets tiring. Well, I ordered two gyros and the fresco salad. My boyfriend and I LOVED it!! The salad was so fresh! The artichokes were tender and the dressing that comes on the salad adds a nice touch.
The gyros were very delicious. Also, it doesn't cost an arm and a leg. It's reasonably priced, relatively close. 
Also, shout out to the delivery driver who delivered at 11:25 PM tonight, he was very nice!! 
And also, it's refreshing to have a place open that has HEALTHY options. I'm coming back.I work at a nearby salon...we all get busy so it's easy to just call somewhere and get it delivered. Fresco is a very common choice by my coworkers and I get it every now and then with them. I've called before and disliked the way I was spoken to. Whatever people have bad days, some aren't good at faking it til they're clocked out. We'll this last time, and I do mean last, I ordered spinach and artichoke dip thinking it would be enough to hold me over & wouldn't have to spend $15 or 20$ on lunch. Well, to my surprise this is what I got....the bottom of the pan just enough spinach dip to be covered by a ton of cheese that probably made up half of it. Maybe the cook had a bad day, but I'll stick with my regular spot cause I don't see myself going back.I LOVEEEE this place!! Great food and great service, and they're always playing good music. The Italian sandwich is my favorite, but the margherita pizza is a solid go-to as well.Fresco's is a solid bet.  We went last week and sat out on the patio.  I always get the hummus when I go, and my friend got a full pitcher of Miller Lite for $3.  I drank wine, and I guess it was the last bottle, so he just gave me the rest since there wasn't enough left for another full glass of wine.
Had the pasta for the first time and was absolutely shocked at how huge the portions were.  I definitely should have split it with someone else.
Two thumbs up from me - great laid-back atmosphere, very friendly service, and very reasonably priced food and drinks.Solid place with solid grub. Had some good sandwiches and pizza there. Pasta dishes not as great. However, most importantly, they're open laaaate and also they have coupons on campusmenus.comThis eatery is located in heart of Maple Street, Uptown New Orleans. Out of all the restaurants on this strip, you couldn't ask for a better location. They offer outside and inside seating.
The decor inside couldn't be any more generic and bland. From one to 10 it gets a 3-- at least it was clean.
The service was good. 
I went in while it was slow. I ordered a gyro lavash roll. It was really good. Can't complain on the food. So for a quick casual bite; I'd recommend this place.
What I wasn't too crazy was some bar flies that kept staring. I dined by myself so I wasn't too worried about it. But there's nothing worse than guys lounging at the bar staring at people.Serving up delicious pizzas and innovative sandwiches, Fresco never disappoints!  As a Loyola student, I spend entirely too much money on Fresco since they deliver to campus for a 50 cent fee!  Seriously, folks.  This is no college-kid food.  This is truly great.I usually love this place because it's close to my job and usually have a pleasant driver that delivers my food. But today unfortunately that's wasn't the case..the guy was completely rude! Not sure I'll order again just in case he is my delivery person.Fresco's has some very good pizza, though it's a bit more expensive than I usually eat. Their food is probably on par with Slice, which means it's freaking delicious. The service in the restaurant is not that good, but they deliver, which is HUGE for any pizza place. Especially recommended for Tulane students, who are a short walk or short drive away.The food is pretty good but the service isn't that great and if you order for delivery, they usually take well over an hour (even for a salad).I have been ordering from this restaurant about twice a week for the past 3 months (since I've moved to NOLA) and it's always been delivery. I called for delivery tonight and I was told "no, we definitely don't go out that far." This has been at least 20 orders that have ALL been delivered and my address is on file when they ask for my phone number to place the order. They pick and chose when and where they want to deliver to and they offer no sound logic as to why they refuse to deliver and make a profit when I literally live 8 minutes away and 2.2 miles away.
They have great food, but the customer service is not worth the time and energy. I can find better food who will appreciate loyal customers.Food is good.  I like the food and drink specials.  The atmosphere is great.
I've been a few times but last time the waitress swapped my order with another's and this long term vegetarian ended up eating a portion of a chicken wrap.  Mistakes happen and the waitress made amends suitable for me.  I will definitely return given the way the situation was resolved and their effort to keep their patrons satisfied.Spend your money elsewhere!  Mediocre college Italian with worse service than almost any other place in New Orleans.  Not worth your time, unless you like cold, drab food and people.  Sorry.  WHATEVER you do, DON'T ORDER DELIVERY!!! Like many others on this page, food arrived late & cold then when I called to complain I got total attitude and no apologies, etc.  Asked for a supervisor and was put on infinite hold, forget them: I'll take care of it on yelp.  Most wasted twenty bucks ever!We order from Fresco about once or twice a month. Best delivery pizza around. The driver is always fast and super friendly. The wings kick ass and the pizza is perfect. I highly recommend.I absolutely love Fresco! Their pizza is fresh, with many different topping options. Their spicy tomato dip, served with pita bread is definately their best appetizier. 
In addition to the quality food, their prices are great for a college budget, they deliever, their dining room is laid back yet warm and welcoming.After just moving to New Orleans from New Haven, CT. I have been on the hunt for some decent pizza.  Unfortunatly, this place is not it.  The crust is like cardboard, actually. It might be made of it.  The toppings are decent though. I have had other food there as well and haven't been to impressed.   I only gave it 3 stars because their outdoor patio is really niceI've eaten here 2 or 3 times over the past few years, and it's great. Food and service have always been good to very good.  For a very casual, inexpensive meal, this place is worth dropping in on. I've only sat outside, by the way.I used to love this place. Went here all the time when I was at Tulane. But the last few times I've gone it's been 'blah' at best. I think my last time I went will be my final.  I ordered a mixed greens salad with artichoke hearts.  The salad looked and tasted like it had been sitting around for a day or two - it had two pieces of artichoke and one tomato slice.   When I picked up the sliced tomato it was completely limp. The cheesy bread you get with the salad was cold and old. For the price you pay for their salads neither the quality nor the quantity is half what you'd expect. It was basically like an old house salad I paid $12 for. I will not recommend this place to anyone anymore.   I got an ad in the mail the other day across the front saying 'Fresh!' and it turned out it was for Fresco.  I chuckled and threw it away.
The only positive is at least the serving staff is always incredibly friendly.Awful
EVERYTHING is cooked in far too much butter. So much butter. The server wasn't all that pleasant and had no knowledge of what the food was cooked with.
This was when I had eaten there.
I gave another chance and ordered delivery. What a fool I am. I had gotten the veggie pita. It was a wreck, looks like someone just shook the box before giving it to me. The taste? Disgusting. My best description...slimy? Never again.This joint has AMAZING booze specials.  Bottles of wine on the cheap and such, classy.  I've almost always been impressed with the food.  The shrimp/pesto wrap is very good.  However, I wasn't a fan of the pesto pasta -- it was too creamy, like they mixed the pesto in with cream sauce.  I could see it being someone's thing, but I wasn't a fan.  The hummus is always solid, and a huge portion.  Chicken/portobella lavash roll is excellent (i don't even know how to describe a lavash roll, but they're good).  Pizza's are pretty quality.  The shrimp italiano is really great - shrimp in a light red sauce with linquine, it was the first time I'd had shrimp with pasta and a red sauce.  The best part is that the entrees with shrimp give you a very healthy amount of plump, delicious, louisiana shrimp - lots of places seem to skimp out on piling them on.Ordered online for delivery.    Received email a7 6:43 saying order was out for delivery.  I live maybe 15 minutes away.  I called and the girl that answer the phone got frustrated with my questions and I guess put the manager on who quickly told me the order was on it way and hung up.     I received my order at 7:32pm.   Food was not even warm.  
THe thing is my house is under construction and the door bell doesn't work so I was hanging up front waiting for order.
 There are too many great restaurants in NO to deal with these people.   I won't be back in any capacity.Tasty pizza and salads. Everything is pretty reasonably priced.
Very good happy hour specials and decent service.
I eat here often and recommend it if you're in the neighborhood. Not worth making a special trip for though.When we cannot think of anything else easy to grab to eat, we already end up ordering from Fresco! It really just has a lot of options that are pretty tasty. We've noticed over the years that the food sometimes changes (perhaps with who is cooking)- bread changed on the sandwiches and sometimes the pizza sauce is randomly sweeter than the previous time, but for the most part, it is consistent. Some of my go-to items are the roasted eggplant pizza or sandwich, turkey sandwich (with the new bread, it truly is a gigantic 2-3 meal sandwich), and gyro salad. I have never tried the pastas or strombolis there. The side of potatoes are tasty too. It is a little on the pricey side I think, but the portions for most items are pretty big. Warning -- delivery orders take forever, so avoid that if you can. We typically pick it up, and it never takes more than 15 minutes from when we call it in to be ready.Good prices for pizza, sandwiches and wraps that I can stretch 2 meals or so. I usually do take out and service is fast and the food is tasty and made out of fresh, good ingredients. I have no complaints and recommend the place for a nice meal that ain't gonna break the bank.Their pizza is pretty good. The portobello ravioli is absolutely wonderful. On the kids menu, the chicken puffies are really good too. Outdoor seating is great and even has heaters for those cold days.   Bad experience today - Ordered portobello ravioli for take-out for my son's dinner.  Expensive dish - $15 and that's probably the most expensive thing on the menu there.  I get it home, open it up and its a tortolini  dish with some sliced portobellos - NOT ravioli.  and its not even that good tasting.  I called the place and told them.  Their response is "sorry, we're out of ravioli and we've been substituting for it.  Uh, you really could have told me before I ORDERED IT."  No response from them at all.  "Doh, sorry."  Not sure we're going back.I'll start with the positives as up until recently I have been a loyal customer and fan of Fresco's since 2004. The outdoor seating is nice, you can always get a table, the menu never changes (until very recently, but you can still order items from the old menu) and you can always count on the food to be fast and exactly the same each time. However, the food is pretty bland, I would say it's similar to going to the Olive Garden. The only menu item of note is the Mediterranean spread appetizer. I've never had bad service from any of the waiters however, we ordered food to go last week and I had the misfortune of meeting the owner for the first time. He was a complete jerk to us and I will now no longer support this sub par restaurant when I can go a few blocks away to Vincent's and have the best Italian food in town and receive nothing but amazing service.Omg everything is awesome and fresh! Try the turtle cheesecake  it's good and pastas too- oh the pizza is awesome tooReally like this place for various reasons. 
We've been here several dozen times over the years - it's a nice family place within walking distance from our house.
Pros: nice outdoor seating, dog friendly, relaxed casual atmosphere, free wifi, very reasonable prices, really really excellent deals on booze!
Cons: occasionally spotty service, but usually very friendly; your kids may like the smiley face pizza, but you won't; interior is a bland cafeteria.  
My favorites: 
- The (1) hummus, (2) roasted eggplant dip and (3) spicy tomato (with walnuts & feta) dips are excellent appetizers, and can be ordered in a trio. Warm pita comes with.
- The Mediterranean shrimp appetizer (sautéed with garlic butter and feta) is also really tasty and also comes with warm pita.
- The shrimp pesto wrap is my favorite entrée here.  In fact, it's so damn good that I have never bothered to order anything else.  Happy with it Every Single Time.
Great place with kids - they are expected and catered to, but we rarely see kids here other than our own!  Lusher families, take note!Great cheese cake!!!!! Service is pretty good and prices can be a bit on the higher side but it's not breaking bank.I have never physically been here, but I have ordered from here for delivery. Honestly, you can tell every time a different person cooks the meals. Despite this, they have an efficient online ordering system and the delivery time is fantastic. The lavash rolls are pretty good too when prepared to my liking.A great place to go for a quick bite.  The have great food at a decent price.  Also, Wednesday night has $5 pitchers.  You can sit outside or sit inside if it's hot.  The portions are huge so you get what you pay for.  Parking can be a hassle though.Walked in from out of town. Waitress was taking a phone order and basically making fun of them for not knowing the menu..then I ordered and got berated for not knowing that I should sit down so she knows what table..there were 2 people in there..so much for "southern hospitality"All I can say order the Meat Tease!!! I was very impressed!!! Young man delivered the pizza very nice young man. The pizza was completely eaten! This is just my opinion. They a millions different wines, because we all have different tastes. But give it a shot!We stopped by Fresco after a day at the zoo. It's very close to the zoo (about 5 minutes). Our party of 14 was promptly seated and served drinks. The menu offered a good variety of sandwiches, wraps, pastas, pizza , salads and soups. Based on the responses of our party, ALL were amazing. The hummus is out of this world too. Fast and polite service, great food and a chill atmosphere. Why more can you ask for? Will be back!Fresco has the best stromboli in town! I've ordered take out 3 times in the last few months and each time was delicious. We've had several different stromboli and a couple of pizzas so far and everything has always been delicious. The stromboli are by far my favorite, maybe one day I'll try something else, if I can tear myself away from hot cheesy goodness. The sauce is also really on point too!!Bopping up and down Maple street which has a cool college vibe that is blended nicely with the Old South feel of New Orleans (not Nawlins for the initiated) often leads one to Fresco Cafe and Pizzeria. I loved you so much Fresco. Fresco was a staple much of my time living in New Orleans, but it somehow fell off. Where shall I start? 
1. Service. This was hit or miss. Sometimes we recieved awesome service from a friendly waitress. Sometimes we recieved horrible service and were basically berated by a waitress for wanting to split a check. We're talking a check that rarely had more than 3 people on it, actually most of the time only two people. It's the 21st century folks, no one carries cash and get with it Fresco. Fresco's does provide delivery and delivery by debit over the phone within in a 45 minute time range from placing your order. Plus the few food items I still craved for always came in not cold and decent shape.
2. The food, much like the service was hit or miss. If you stick to the pizza's (a good chunk of the menu) and pastas you will be ok. However, if you stray, you're in for a not so pleasant surprise. Let me be perfectly clear, some of menu items outside of the pasta and pizza sphere aren't bad because they are bad ideas, but because they are poorly executed.
The gyro wrap is terrible, it contains a flavorless tzatziki sauce, that is a little thinner consistency than mayonnaise. The meat is flavorless and feels like its been boiled. Most of the sandwhiches ordered there have slightly wilted and browned greens and mushy tomatoes that lack in freshness. Since most of the menu outside pasta and pizza seems to use the light vegetable laden sandwhiches as a focusing point this is a major detraction. The sandwiches sometimes arrive at the table as if they've literally been thrown together. Half the ingredients hanging out bread laying everywhere.
3. One saving grace of this restaurant is the way it is laid out. The open breezy inside is always well cooled which is a welcome refreshment in the humidity laden New Orleans heat of spring and summer. The open air patio to sit and sip wine or your Abita Amber (ON TAP!) is perfect. It's a great place to people watch as the college crowd mosies up and down Maple Street engrossed in the detritus of college life from a variety of activities like doing laundry, trying a little romance, taking a coffe break, studying at one of the the two coffee houses on Maple, engaging in a little inebriation or shopping at one of the boutiques down the way (really who can afford them?). All in all it's a pleasant spot. Heaters are also provided for winter months, a welcome and thoughtful touch.
Why 3 stars? Service and food is paramount and Fresco's falls short in this regard. In fact if it wasn't for the pleasant location, patio, and decent wine and local beer list then this place would have been a hard 2. It barely eeked out the third star.  Good luck Frescos, lets hope you take advantage of your prime locale and provide a better experience.Just found this place by accident!!  Wow what a find. Food is so good. Sorry no pictures I was too hungry to stop for picture taking.My delivery order took two and half hours. Yes, two and a half. I ordered online and after not hearing anything for an hour other than the standard confirmation e-mail I called, and they said "sorry we're backed up, it will be another 20-30 minutes." I was annoyed; they should have called when I placed the order to tell me that, but it wasn't a complete deal breaker. Then, twenty minutes passed, thirty minutes passed, another hour passed, and I called back. They told me my order was in the window and would be there in about ten minutes. At this point they should have offered to refund the order or at least give some kind of discount, but instead they just said again "sorry we're backed up." Thirty minutes later, my order finally showed up and I just got a "sorry for the delay" as he brought my dinner at 9:00 pm. The food is decent, but it is absolutely not worth the poor poor service and I wouldn't recommend anyone order out from here.Great pizza!
Enjoyed the Fresco Special pizza with the right amount of mozzarella cheese, salami, Italian sausage, Canadian bacon, roasted red peppers and onions.  Especially loved the tasty soft freshly-baked crust.  YUM!  
Décor was lacking warmth, just a stark place, but staff was friendly. 
Located a few blocks from Tulane University so it's popular with collage-age kids.  
Lots of takeout orders.
A place to return for another pizza and try foods...Panini, cheesecakes, etc.Great and inexpensive lunch with wonderful atmosphere! Just went for the first time, and I will be back! They have nice indoor and outdoor seating. Prices were very reasonable, and the portion sizes are huge! I ordered the spinach salad and had grilled chicken added on top. Enough for two meals! And delicious! Had a taste of the stromboli, and it was great, too! Service was on top of things, but not hovering. Kept our water glasses filled, and we drained them many times. Was tempted by the Godiva chocolate cake, but trying to be good. Maybe next time?I got the chicken caesar pita. Probably the best chicken pita I've ever tasted. Kinda upset I'm from out of town. When will I get to experience this again?!Didn't get a chance to eat there. I rode my bike over and got there a hour before they were supposed to close and they had already closed for the night.
 Revised
Finally had a chance to eat there and the food was good friendly staff glad I gave them a shot