Found this place on accident.  I turned down N. Anthony street and I wss supposed to turn after . Right away the place structure had me intrigued.  I almost ran into a car.  Lol. At first I thought Was a snowball stand, but once I went inside I smelled food and heard some good jams playing.   My waitress was nice and I was seated immediately along with my drink. I have never heard of this place before but What was cool is that the sign read "Bring your own Bottle" . Lol. I automatically enjoyed it. The outside is painted really nice. I get a very family oriented vibe with the picnic tables ( painted a pretty turquoise color). Ok so back to business,  my Food. I ordered the meat pizza. Took around 12min maybe, I was too busy jamming to pay attention to time, so I couldn't really tell you. It's delicious!  The sauce good, they are not stingy with the meat on this pizza at all. I am enjoying my meal. I love it. I Will be  back. Okay im back to re-edit this thang!!!just held a conversation with the managger, and I asked about the dough cause it so good, he told me that they make their own dough from scratch and indtead of the sugar, the uses real honey. He also let me know that they use their own garden grown vegetables for the pizzas. Everything is fresh! I love it and I will be back!  FOR SURE NOW CAUSE IM ACTUALLY EATING THE PIZZA CRUST AND I NEVER EAT THE CRUST!!I chose G's because if the good comments via the Nextdoor app.  The photos on Yelp, and rating.  Well, it's a great environment for pizza, and my order was just a large pizza half cheese and mushroom and half loaded.  I showed up to pick it up and was about to walk out then decided to check it.  Glad I did....
There was a clump of mushroom in one click on half, then just pep, mushroom, olive on the other with missing half the other toppings.  Just awful looking.
HOWEVER, the manage was not going to have that walk out the door.  He made me a new pizza which looked like it should.  Good recovery.... but the taste was "meh".  Almost tasted like a frozen pizza.  
I think next time I'll have to try a dine in.SLOW!!!
Food was decent but the service was slow and waitress was hit and miss. 
Deserves a second chance but not my first choice.I don't often post comments but I couldn't let this one go buy without one.  I had 16 friends coming to over for dinner. I saw G's flyer in my mail, read there specials.  I figured let's try it out.  
Not only was the Pizza DELICIOUS. (Bienville Supreme, Meathead, Nola Green Roots amazing),but I spoke with the manager the day before and as promised her had everything ready now time no problems.
I will definitely put this in my list of places I can count on.
ThanksI got really excited when I saw the Narcissist pizza on the menu. Artichokes! Pineapple! Chili peppers! It reminded me of a pizza I used to get at Magazine Pizza, which I'm realizing is because it is the same pizza. Except...not. 
I was fully prepared to like this place, but the food, service, and ambiance were all rather mediocre. I ordered takeout, and the lady at the counter was fine, not rude or anything, just extremely unenthusiastic. I got the Narcissist pizza, and I would have been fine paying $17 for a 14" pizza if it were good, but it tasted like the ingredients were just not great quality. There wasn't a lot of marinara on the pizza, and there was a little container of some white sauce on the side, which was kind of confusing. If you know your pizza doesn't taste good without condiments, you need to make your pizza better. 
I also ordered the spinach and artichoke dip, and I tried combining it with the pizza, but man, that stuff is so rich. I get that spinach and artichoke dip is supposed to be an indulgence, but it's also supposed to be edible, and this was just way too much. When fat is the only flavor, it's tough to enjoy a dish.
A note if you have kids, or delicate sensibilities: I was there at lunchtime on Ash Wednesday, and the music playing was some aggressively sexual R&B. Like, lots of explicit details about things you might not want to discuss with your kids/date/parents/anyone, ever. Not sure if this is the usual soundtrack or just a Catholic holiday special, but it seemed like an odd choice.I didn't try the pizza, but the burger was huge and really good.   I love the small outdoor patio too and my dog was welcome.   The people are super nice.We arrived on a Wednesday night around 7:45 PM. The volume of business appeared to be average. It took a little while for the server to take our order, which would not have been a big deal if the rest of the experience had gone smoothly, but sadly, that was not the case. We started our order off with a bottle of red wine, which came out fairly quickly, but when the server brought us our wine, she just dropped it off at the table and gave us a corkscrew. Next, we placed our order. We ordered a wrap, sub a side salad for the fries (which was an option listed on the menu), and two large pizzas (the special was "order a large pizza and get a second for $1"). The wrap didn't arrive at the table until around 8:30, and the server didn't bring out our pizzas until close to 9. We asked her to box the second pizza, and we waited 10 minutes before I went inside and asked for our second pizza, a box for the first pizza, and our check. It was almost 9:20 before we got all that we asked for and we're able to leave. The food was decent, but the service was horrid. During the over and hour and a half we were there, we saw countless people come in for takeout orders and leave within minutes. Long story short, I would not recommend this restaurant. We MAY get food from there again, but it would definitely be takeout only.Wow, what a great meal. We ordered pizza and it was delivered and still warm and one of the best pizzas I have eaten in a long time. The manager was very polite and helpful. Delivery person was very polite.   Next time we are in the area, we will eat here again.We ordered delivery from G's last night and are pretty happy with the product and service.
I attempted to call at around 5:00, but couldn't get through. I was getting frustrated, but then I realized that yes, it really is 2018.  I used my handy dandy phone to place my order online rather than ringing it in. I made a change (subbed marinara for garlic sauce) in the "make changes here" box - it was labeled something like that - and was a little nervous that they might not see it. 
The estimated delivery time was 1 hour, however low and behold, in about 40 minutes my fur child heard someone coming up the walk and totally lost her composure. I honestly don't know how we ever get anything delivered to our door with her crazy barking. It was a very sweet delivery lady who forgave my dog and handed over a box of toasty goodness.
Because it's no meat on Friday season, we went with their margherita pizza and it was delicious! Clearly they saw the sauce sub request and got it right. The crust was thin and crispy on the edges, the toppings were so fresh - sweet, ripe tomatoes, fresh basil, rich gooey mozzarella - all just as I had imagined in my head when I ordered close to hangry mode. I was most impressed that it was still so hot and fresh. It was as if it had just come out of the oven.  
Props to G's! My family consists of two pizza connoisseurs who never let me live down poor pizza decisions, and they were happy with this one!I have been to G's pizza twice. I love the food, atmosphere, and location! There is one thing that deters me from wanting to return though, and that is the service from the waitresses. During both visits (with 2 separate waitresses), it took almost 10 minutes before I was greeted to place a drink order. It then took forever for the waitresses to return and actually take my dinner order. The food took a while to come out, which is kinda understandable. While enjoying my meal, the waitress did not come to check on the table to see if we needed anything (extra napkins would have come in handy). Once our meal was complete I was not asked if I wanted a to-go box or if I was ready for the check. I had to request this myself but found it difficult to get their attention. Upon my second visit, the waitress cleared two tables in an empty restaurant before attending to waiting guests, who had already been waiting over 10 minutes for the check. Both times I sat idle for a total of about 15-20 minutes just waiting for my check. When they took my payment the waitresses also took forever to return with my receipt and card. One waitress decided to clear yet another table before attending to my transaction. Overall, G's has great food and may primarily be a take-out place; however, service needs to be improved for dine-in customers.After living in New Orleans for 3 years and searching the whole time for good pizza, I'm happy to say I have found a place I love! We have ordered several times and it is always good. Fluffy crust, flavorful pizza sauce, and not too pricey.Service and food is top notch. BYOB! Margherita pizza is incredible, salads are fresh and portions are VERY nice. This is our new GO TO place after a long work week.. good atmosphere. Since our first try we've come back at least once a week.Nothing like a neighborhood pizza place.  We saw G's from a news interview with an athletic coach and glad we tried it.
Brought the kids here during fall break and everyone was happier with this pizza experience.  Pan style with classic toppings offered--you have to master the classics even before you want to get fancy and high-fallutin'.  G's Pizza did it.
Good service, skip the dessert, not worth the calories.Very friendly with an at home feel. Owner came out to check on guests several times. Pizza was amazing. The menu had great selections. In an age where good hospitality and a friendly staff seem hard to find, this quaint place is a diamond in the rough.Visiting my sister from out of town and we wanted to find gluten free pizza. She had a menu that was left on her car so we gave it a try. The pizza was amazing!! We got a regular pepperoni pizza for the kids and a gluten free chicken pesto for us. My parents had the hummus, signature burger and feta rolls. Everything tasted great, nice portions and fast delivery. We will order again next time we visitOne of the best perks of my new job is that I get to indulge in all of G's deliciousness a lot more often. Whether I'm having lunch with a coworker, bringing a Meathead pizza home to hubby or winding down the week with a glass of wine with the Boss .... G's is the place to go. The food is fresh and delicious. The staff is friendly and helpful. And they offer some great specials.I hate to say anything bad about this place. But some things are slipping... it started by a delivery order on Fat Tuesday a couple weeks ago. My order was wrong then when I called to have it corrected I was put on hold and hung up on 4 times! I am in the service industry and am very understanding of busy nights like this. Today I called back to have my order replaced from my last issue on Fat Tuesday. They took care of my order for free and I still tipped the driver. Unfortunately I found not one but two black hairs in my salad... sadly after this I don't know if I can continue my business there. :( :( :(Friendly service, food came fast. The pizza was good, next time I'll ask them to cook a little longer. Will order again!So just to be transparent I really enjoyed their food and had my server been more attentive than I would have rated 5 stars. I'll explain further in detail
1) when I first walked in I thought the place was gorgeous. I loved how they had TVs everywhere with different channels to watch and it felt really homey. Definitely spacious but tiny to where it felt really comfortable (I know I make no sense lol)
2) my server was alright :(. I was with a big group and I don't know if she realized it but we all weren't really familiar with each other. She was fast in the way she brought me water and a menu but she did not put in effort to a) give me suggestions b) tell me about the specials going on c) overall inform me about anything. I really felt like she was just rushing me to order and it lowkey upsets me that I didn't know about the buy one large get one large pizza for 1 dollar deal (I literally found out from the group a day later and I was sooo pissed had I known I wouldn't have tipped her 25%). She was not ATTENTIVE at all! I asked for a thin crust vegan pizza with mushrooms and my pizza didn't have the mushrooms or even thin crust??? I didn't say anything because I didn't wanna be that customer to have something remade so I just took it as it was food. What really hit my nerve was when she had the audacity to bring me back a RECEIPT trying to charge me for mushrooms I didn't HAVE!!! It really made it obvious that did not bother to check the order / or check on how the food was to me . I told her when she collected the money because I told her she can keep the extra dollar in addition to the 5 dollar tip I gave her for the small pizza. I honestly don't recall if she even apologized all I remember her saying was that it was the chef's fault (which I understand working in the food industry but at some point as a server I'd would have held myself accountable to not checking)
3) Anyways On to the food part; i ended up ordering a small vegan pizza with thin crust and mushrooms. It was sooo BOMB! Sooo damn good!!! I'm lowkey happy they didn't add mushrooms because all the toppings that were already on the pizza MADE IT SOOO GOOD!!!  I loved how the avocado slices added a smooth creamy texture to the melting vegan cheese. The sweet corn kernels Gave that pizza a balance from the savory cheese and sauce. The red onions gave it just the perfect crunch!!! Food is definitely to DIE FOR!!!!  I cant wait to come back again and THIS TIME- get a large pizza so I get another one for a dollar to bring homeLarge pizza for $20 was not very "large".  Dough was not memorable.  Chicken pesto had tasty bacon and garlic - served with side of good ranch. Greek lacked flavor - gyro meat did not taste fresh, served with side of bland tzatzaki.  Local casual dining. Better pizza available elsewhere in the city.No complaints about my first visit to G's. Great pizza and friendly service.  I decided to stop in and grab a slice before heading back to work. I was a little confused at first if I was to order at the counter for just have a seat. But the waitress let me know I could just have a seat if I was dining in. I ordered two slices of pepperoni and a drink. The slices were a great size and they sure filled me up, and the house made ranch was very good. I also liked that they have an array of hot sauces available for anything you order. I'd be happy to stop in to try other item on the menu.BLUF:  Definitely not your best option for food or pizza in Mid-City.  Not terrible but nothing special.  
You can order online which is awesome.  The less talking to people I have to do in my life the better.  That being said, you can tell them online you would like to pay the delivery guy with a credit card but he has no ability to take it.  So if you want delivery you have to call it in and pay over the phone or have cash.  No big deal but annoying.
I built my own pizza; pepperoni, kalamadi olives and mushrooms.  The toppings are pretty poor quality.  Cant really taste them at all.  Overall the pizza just doesnt have much flavor.  It is good but not sure why I would ever get it again with so many other better options around.  (they are open to midnight so that is a plus considering it is hard to get food late in NOLA sometimes) 
It does come with ranch dressing for dipping which my lady's theory is that is so there is some flavor to it.Ordered a NOLA Green Roots for a picnic in the park. Looks like a cool place to dine in too with lots of menu items and specials. The pizza was fabulous, and the staff was very accommodating providing some paper plates and napkins for the picnic. Thanks!When people reminisce about a home town pizza place and how good the food and service was, this is what they are talking about!!! 
I love G's. Hands down. The pizza is delicious, the service (Ricky is the BEST!!) is amazing, and I love dining in. We bring all our friends here just to experience the great service. 
Hit this place up. :)G's is a bit of a surreal experience. I don't know if I was hallucinating or if the bathroom really was like a side room off of the devils hallway and the waiter really was telling me about the mushrooms making all the service staff "shit for a week." 
But, even with that I would go back in a second. That pizza lowkey changed my life. I got an all vegan pizza (no mushrooms no cheese) and it's probably the best vegan pizza I've ever had. My friends split a chicken pizza and they've agreed that it was incredible as well, though they did lose feeling in their lips from the spicy tomato sauce.
Overall, "G" stands for "Great!"Best pizza spot in Mid-City! The General Manager Rick was very nice and catered to my friend and I every need! The food was scrumptious and well prepared......presentation was everything I could ask for. The Spinach Dip, O.G's and Cajun Shrimp Pizza was awesome. The Chocolate Overload Torte Cake was to die for. All they serve is wine and beer but my new friend Rick (The GM) went out of his way to get me my mixed drink of choice. I will definitely return and next time I plan to bring a ton of my family and friends. Thanks G's Pizza for one of the best foodie experiences ever.I bookmarked this place while browsing on Yelp for potential restaurants to visit. While riding down Bienville, I found this restaurant and got so excited. Stopped in after work with my friend and we got the spinach dip with pita and a large half OG's and Cajun shrimp, no sausage. The place only serves wine and beer for alcohol but the business manager, Rick, waited on us and was gracious enough to get us some mixed drinks made (love him). Along with the service, the food was also awesome. He also gave us their in-house made ranch dip, so awesome with the Cajun shrimp pizza. It hit the spot. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to G's pizza and will definitely be back soon.The parking is something to be desired, but everything else was amazing. Our waiter was attentive, quick, and conversed with us. We ordered hummus as an appetizer. It came with a bunch of "fixins" such as olive oil, cucumbers, olives, and peppers on the side. I ordered a small O.G. pizza and loved that too. Their crust is excellent. Cute and cozy atmosphere. We'll definitely be back!Great pizza!  Wonderful atmosphere and wait staff!  Can't recommend this place enough.  We've been here twice now, and it has been such a great experience both times.This place is right around the corner from me so we've done carryout multiple times when I'm in a pinch for dinner.  The staff has always been friendly on the phone and I've never had to wait more than three or four minutes longer than quoted on the phone.  The inside of the dining room looks inviting and they do have some nice picnic tables for sidewalk dining as well.
They recently changed names from Magazine Pizza but the menu remained the same in principle, though all the names of the sandwiches and specialty pizzas changed.
Our favorite pizzas are the o.G's Pizza and the Philly Steak Pizza.  Neither is a traditional pizza but both are amazingly delicious. Love having this place in the neighborhood!Tried this place for the first time the other night. Small Cajun shrimp pizza, add artichoke. Delivery time was fine, and the driver was polite and professional. ($2 delivery fee.) The pizza looked great (see pic), topping amount and placement was good. Cooked just right with very good Mozzarella and crust. The only issue I experienced was that this was the hottest/spicest pizza I have ever eaten. Like super-hot Thai-food dish hot. Almost to the point where something maybe went wrong when it was put together. Not a huge deal to me as I like spicy food, and it was a "Cajun" pizza, but an older person or kid may have freaked out at its heat. Overall happy with the food. Menu has a nice variety, and online ordering rules. We will be using this place again and updating our review.This is a New Orleans Treasure stored away off of the beaten path but a quick cable car ride will get you there and then just about 2-3 blocks walk to enjoy our best pizza experience in the Big Easy. Child friendly, very courteous and processional staff made us feel home. Cozy Cabin "old school" feel. Great menu wonderful pizza and delicious burgers and po boys that need NO condiments added.Good pizza best place so far a bit of a wait time but worth it!!! And no there is no free wine unless ur a girl on Thursday :(Another great meal! Nice neighborhood place - casual, fam friendly, good food, friendly staff. We often come after spending time at City Park. 
Have eaten in & called ahead for pickup; both have gone smoothly. Favorite is the Greek pizza with gyro meat and tzatziki (sp?) on the side. Yummy! It is BYOB, so bring wine if you want some with your meal. Will be back!Just got off the phone with one of the employees here. Probably one of the rudest situations I've experienced here in New Orleans. My roommate and I decided to order pizza for tonight so I called in and ordered one small rainbow pizza to pick up. That's it. The Initial person I talked to was very sweet and helped us with our order. After we gave her our card information she told us it would be 30 minutes to an hour wait. Right after I hung up the phone we decided to cancel our order. We didn't want to get there in 30 minutes and have to wait another 30 minutes for the pizza. And we didn't want to get there in an hour (the pizza having been done in thirty) and our pizza be cold. So we called back. The man who answered knew who we were because we had just hung up. He assumed we wanted to cancel and we said, "yes". In the midst of us asking if he needed our card information, he abruptly hung up the phone (mid- sentence). It felt like he was deliberately rude to us for canceling the order (that they hadn't even started cooking yet).
Given a different night, we would've been willing to try this place again but, the customer service we received makes us not want to give it a shot. It put a bad taste in our mouths.I really wanted to love G's Pizza, but I didn't.  The atmosphere is cute and welcoming, and the service was fine, but the pizza is overpriced and just average at best.
$17 for a 14" pepperoni pizza is way too high.  Luckily I visited on a night where they were offering a "Buy a large and get a large for $1" special. 
The toppings tasted pretty good, but the crust is not good at all.  
Mid City Pizza is still the best pizza in New Orleans IMHO.  It's amazingly delicious, and it's reasonably priced.  A 16" pepperoni pizza at Mid City Pizza is $16.25.By far my favorite pizza house in NOLA. The NOLA Green Roots was amazing. Black olives, mushroom, onion, organic spinach, bell pepper, roasted red pepper, artichoke, roasted garlic, and mozzarella. Absolutely incredible! Great wine selection, amazing service and a hands-on owner put this place over the top. Thanks G!
Ok, officially my favorite local pizza spot, went back again and got the same amazing food and incredible service!!!The staff here are all very nice and seem to enjoy working here. The pizza is pretty darn good, but I rarely see a pizza I don't like. I prefer their thin crust to their regular. They will also provide some free wine with your meal. The cheese sticks are also great.Really nice folks working there and in kitchen. Small, casual place. The buy one get one for $1 pizza deal (Wed only) is phenomenal. They're BYOB and provide a free glass of wine if you dine-in. Pizza is good and lots of choices. Awesome place that is a new staple- great place to hang out with friends and get a lot of good food/drink for a great price.The pizza here is phenomenal, that being said I've gotten insanely sick from it twice so it will be a while before I return. Even though I enjoyed it so much going downI love this place with its outdoor seating and deals! There are lunch specials and a different special every day. We always get the margarita pizza and are never disappointed.Great food and excellent service. Pizza, po-boys, and salads were all great and the Nutella-waffle dessert is delicious. Wish we lived in the neighborhood, can't wait to go back!Ordered a large pizza and split it in half. One half was the Nola greens and the other half was the meats. Nola greens was packed with heavy amounts of veggies, but the garlic was a little overwhelming. The meats could have been better with a larger variety of Meat or just adding more flavor to it. The Cajuns looked amazing and will try it in the future. The staff was very friendly and food was good so I'll give it a 4/5.Ordered a large supreme pizza with some hummus and pita bread last night. The delivery was efficient and on time but they forgot to include some of the toppings that came with the hummus plate. The manager was so kind enough to not only immediately have someone drop off the toppings but he also threw in a desert for free. Great customer serviceThis has to be one of my favorite pizza spots ever!! Best pizza in the city of New Orleans great staff super friendly, and the owner always shows love and hooks u up love this place also where else could u get a large pizza buy one get one a 1$ yes 1 $ on WednesdayDelicious pizza and great weekday specials! Super friendly and personable staff! Best pizza spot in NOLA!Great pizza, but their delivery service is awful. Twice I did online order for delivery for a specific time. Once it showed up an hour early and was cold by the time people could eat. This time it's over 30 minutes late (which is a big deal when it's for a lunch meeting and people have limited time). Only do take out if you can't dine in.Last night in New Orleans and kids wanted pizza.... so we yelled the one closest to us with good reviews. This far exceeded our expectations. Hospitality was awesome!  Pizza was probably some of the best we have ever had. The manager/ owner surprised us with a dessert Nutella pizza which was ridiculous!  Next time we are back in New Orleans we will for sure stop by to say hi to these lovely people and get some more amazing food!With the transition to G's Pizza now complete, they're hitting their groove. The pizzas are flavorful and they've added some other nice menu options. Very friendly staff and an overall good atmosphere while dining in.This place is awesome. It's cute and welcoming, you feel like a regular every time (even your first time) and the food is great. The staff has been super friendly each time. The owner sent over dessert when he heard it was our first time. We've been several times since then. BYOB is also great... They're always happy to accommodate a group and provide wine glasses for the table without a word. Highly recommend.Who doesn't love $2 apps on game day!! 
You can choose any appetizer. 
The Chef's Special Chicken Pesto pizza was good. The only thing was I couldn't taste the Pesto! The chicken was perfectly cooked on the pizza. The roasted garlic was amazing. It also comes with feta, mozzarella, spinach and bacon. They deliver to lake view.G's has become my go-to MidCity pizza joint.  It's great to have so many sandwich options in addition to pizza, as I work strange hours and often get delivery.  Nice to have more options that someone will bring to my door!  I am basically obsessed with their Margherita pizza, and the feta stuffed fillo rolls on the appetizer menu are to die for.  We haven't been in to sit and eat, but the phone service is always very friendly and accurate, and they have great weekly specials!Best pizza in New Orleans!!!!!
This is my go to spot for a great pie!!! And great wine deals as well !!!!! Highly recommend you won't be disappointed!!!!!So glad I gave this place a 2nd chance. First time I ordered, it was about 6 mos. ago and it was just ok. Last night I got the "NOLA Green Roots" pizza. Fully intended on adding meat and forgot to - yet the pizza was so good. Full disclosure, I removed garlic + onions & added goat cheese & jalapeños to this lineup: Tomato sauce, black olives, mushroom, onion, organic spinach, bell pepper, roasted red pepper, artichoke, roasted garlic, and mozzarella. It was delivered promptly and the delivery gal was super sweet. Better than MC Pizza.Hours are incorrect. I called them at 10:30 on June 1st and was told they were not taking orders. Therefore you are not open to 11 pm.Horrible service, literally ignored. Placed a delivery order for a pizza a few sodas and a dessert.  When it arrived the driver said that they forgot to load the sodas but she would be "Right back" with them. After a half an hour I called the store and was told she had left and should be here any time. Another 45 minutes later and they never did deliver the rest of my order.  Cold pizza now with tap water because they NEVER SHOWED.This is a cool little neighborhood spot that just has a cool vibe to it. It's small on the inside but cozy, and you also have an option of outdoor seating. Quirky decorations on the wall, and arcade games at the entry way. The staff was very welcoming, and the food was just awesome. I got the vegetarian pizza and my husband got chicken on his pizza. Both were excellent. The sauce I think was the best part, as it was a kind of spicy sweet taste to it. The crust was really good too. It was a little crunchy but not too much. I love going into a business that is not a chain, getting a warm welcome, and feel like I'm getting fresh ingredients which is definitely the case here. We will be back!Love their meatballs appetizer plate, cheesy garlic bread and their pizza is always consistent. We live nearby so we always order delivery and Shane is very friendly. My only concern is that their chicken wings is not consistent sometimes it has too much buffalo sauce and sometimes it doesn't have buffalo sauce but they taste good plain itself without too much sauce in it. It's totally worth the try if you're craving pizza that's reasonably priced.This place is incredibly inconsistent. I live in the neighborhood, and dearly wish it were better, but the service and food quality are up and down depending on who is working. On certain nights, it's ok, but on others I've been treated rudely, lied to about the hours (told they were closed on the phone, then walked in 5 minutes later to order) and had poorly made/cold food. Half of the wait staff are slow to serve, and are frequently seen standing around on their phones while customers wait.  Take my advice, go when the owner is there because his B-team gets an "F."Literally love this place. Came in to enjoy bourbon street for a week and G's pizza kept it G with the delicious food and delivery!! I highly recommend.We ordered for delivery to a local hotel in town. They were friendly on the phone taking my order, prompt with delivery and the food was great. We got the City Park salad, hummus and spinach/artichoke dip. The salad was very fresh with great dressing. The apps were plentiful and nice portions. I would order from them again.Had our last order tonight. Had ordered sandwiches and pizzas a few times since December. The quality of food and the delivery time has degraded each time. Tonight we ordered two sandwiches and they arrived over an hour later, soggy and no longer warm. The fries were cold mush. The driver apologized but complained of under staffing and poor management. We could overlook that if he food tasted great but it sadly didn't.My opinion of this place is up and down. I really don't enjoy their pizza or calzones. The reason I order from here is the poboy selection and the g's waffle dessert. I frequently order the chefs special chicken pesto poboy. It's delicious and consistently made with quality ingredients. Organic spinach, feta, mozzarella, pesto and chicken. Served with fries and a great value for the portion size. The chicken parm is also good and I was happy with the burgers. This pizza and calzones are just nothing special compared with other local places. I really dislike the crust. The buffalo chicken poboy was inedible. It was 90% just hot sauce, not buffalo sauce. I love my spicy food but it was so saturated with strait hot sauce that I was only able to eat about half of one half. I even poured ranch on it and couldn't stomach it. And there was mostly breading and little actual chicken. The g's waffle is amazing. Belgian waffle with Nutella and whipped cream with berries. Love it.i think i ordered the seafood pizza i'm not sure the name but, it comes with big beautiful shrimp and garlic cloves mmmm so delicious ! on wednesday they have buy a pizza get any size for 1$ yes i said 1$ best deal in town for quality pizza!Most yummy pizzas, salads, sandwiches appetizers and oh I should mention the best customer service! Great place to dine in, carryout or sit in g he patio and pet friendly restaurant, with fresh herbs and flowers surrounding you. A must eat place to go in New Orleans on historical city streets Bienville xoxo love Kelley and the whole Klumpp familyAwesome lunch specials. They have a great ambience with oldies playing on the speakers. I had the avocado chicken po boy half with a Cesar salad.  Awesome food that does not have u feeling guilty afterwards.Best delivery in my neighborhood.  Three of us shared a 14" Greek, and it was delicious.  I can only assume they must use quality ingredients for us to be so satisfied.  It comes with a side of tzatziki, which next time I will order a couple more.My favorite restaurant in Mid City, hands down. So many vegetarian options! LOVE G's!Visiting City Park from out of town. We used Yelp to find a local pizza gem.  We were welcomed and felt comfortable from the moment we walked in the door.  The food was excellent ...the service was excellent.  When we finished our meal our server bought us a piece of cheesecake "gratis" since it was our first visit to G's.  We will definitely  come here again next time we r in town and recommend it to locals and visitors.Missed the lunch specials, which are the best in mid city. The salads never disappoint...The service was friendly. My order was accurate and timely. Pizza was meh. I eat pizza around the country and G's Pizza is at the bottom my list. The crust was decent but the ingredients seamed generic and cheap. Part of my pie included Chile peppers that were dehydrated red chile's, the peppers were an after thought it seamed. I would have preferred generic can peppers to uncooked hard peppers. I will not return and wouldn't recommend until they learn about better ingredients.
Cheap pizza deals do not make a good pie. Lesson learned.I saw a lot of reviews on here about poor delivery service. We had our food delivered and it was not late, and the delivery guy was polite. My Gyro was perfectly average, a little bland, but fine. However, there was a piece of plastic in there so I wasn't too thrilled about that. It was hidden deep within the wrap, so it doesn't was not mine. I'm sure it was an honest mistake so to be honest I probably wouldn't completely write this place off, but I won't be adding plastic to my diet pretty soonI recently returned to NOLA after a 4-year hiatus. Transplanted Yankee here; from Detroit and Chicago, where pizza is an art, not just a business. I am not a pizza connoisseur, but I know what I like and I know what good pizza is. G's rates very high. The margherita pizza is delicious. I especially enjoy the hummus appetizer; that stuff by itself deserves 5 stars. I find the staff very pleasant and if they are running behind, they let you know which I appreciate.
I find these one-star reviews read like hilariously bad fiction. "It was a dark and stormy pizza..." Tasteless? Undercooked? Cardboard? No. Just no.Everytime I come it's a positive experience from the atmosphere to the ingredients. G's pizza is a great option family, coupled up, or single. 
Shout out to the manager there. Thanks for the love and excellent service everytime I come by. Please keep doing what you're doing! Love the food, the specials and the customer service.  You just feel comfortable there.nice people. food was ok.
pizza was about average, nothing spectacular, but enjoyable.
wings were burnt. burnt-side down... intentionally. 
great value with local flavor deal, although not sure id pay regular price.
why serve burnt food? low standardstheir rainbow pizza has the best combination of flavors ever!! they make a damn good margherita as well.OMG sooooo good!  Great neighboorhood and family place.  Street fighter game and claw machine, and lots of board games like backgammon to play.  G's burger is the best with a fried egg and they have dynamite pizza!  Super friendly owner and staff.  Would definitely recommend.  And it's right by Delgado and City Park!Local  cafe in my neighborhood  that has gone through several names.  Menu  changed a little  added  Gyros. Pizza is the main item. Nice outside tables and pleasant  staff.  Lunch  specials  available. I  was just  not impressed  with my Gyros  too plain not like  the local Middle East  places  in the area. Need more flavors. But  was a nice day for a walk  to try a new place.This place is truly fantastic! It marches to the beat of its own drum in a city with a very established food culture. We crushed our meal! I had a Caesar salad, and yes, I actually ordered a salad while in NOLA. G's has a variety or housemade dressings, and their Caesar dressing is bomb. My guy had a Chicken Calzone, addictive at first bite. Their red sauce will not just make you want to "slap ya mama", but you will feel inspired and convinced to slap that lovely woman! We shared a Bonafide waffle, and all I have to say about that is...... Damn Baby! The true shining star of this establishment is the manager Ricky. He's just fantastic, he befriends every customer that walks in the door and makes the customers happiness and experience his personal quest. Great food, amazing staff, and we'll be back every time we come to NOLA.We had a flyer for this place left under our hotel so we ordered at 11:13 pm online. Paid in full with a $10 gratuity. They never showed up or even called. With hundreds of options this place won't be around long.The pizza not only tasted fantastic, but was delivered quickly to our hotel room. There is something about the sauce! It is so good! So good that we ordered it a second time during our vacation.I split a pizza with a poker player in the poker room at Harrah's. It was fairly average. It's not what I would call exemplary. But it's great that they deliver through Waitr to the poker room. The players there will appreciate having a new food options.April 25, 2018 I ordered a pizza and wings and two cokes - delivered to the Hyatt house by a young dark haired lady. Grubhub- 
The pizza was cold and had been dropped or handled rough-
Not realizing I had paid for the pizza with PayPal- 
I asked the DELIVERY LADY - how much is the pizza- and she said she did not know?? So I handed her $40 dollars and got the food and went to my room.
Tonight I thought I would order another pizza- looked up yelp and realized I had been double charged ??? wow- so sad 
So I paid OVER $70 DOLLARS for cold pizza and wings ??? Thanks a lot!!
Needless to say I didn't order the pizza from here I ordered from another place thanks to your dishonest driverMy honey and I were walking from work and noticed the "happy hour" sign. We decided to stop in and have a glass of wine to allow traffic traffic to die down. We were blown away by the service that we received from Matt and the delicious food that he recommended. We are sold and will definitely be back. Thanks Matt for an awesome evening.Nice place!  Employees were friendly and attentive.  Got lucky by visiting on a Wednesday, when they ha e a wicked good special!
Pizza was fantastic!  Tastes so much better than other pizza restaurants.  We dinned inside and we're the only patrons.  We watched a steady stream of delivery vehicles and customers come and go with take out orders. 
We will eat here again!  Delicious pizza!Honestly best pizza I've ever had downtown and service was amazing. Ate there two days in a row, and even had delivered to French Quarter. Very extensive menu, can't wait to try more.Nice find here in NOLA. Ordered a large half cheese and half pepperoni pizza along with a Caesar salad and my family of four each had 2 slices. Probably should have ordered the XL because they all devoured their food. Would definitely recommend this pizza joint. Delivery to Windsor Court Hotel took exactly one hour from the time I placed the order ( 8:30 PM on a SAT evening).Fantastic food and service.  Gluten free crust was yummy.  Nice presentation!!!  Definitely recommend!!!We stopped here on a rainy Saturday about 11:30 in the morning after changing hotels, and we wanted pizza. We are so happy we found this place, because it is incredible!  We got the big cheesy pizza with added pepperoni.  The pizza was crispy and had a great flavor. The cooks were in the back singing and cracking jokes, and seemed to be having a good time. When we come back to NOLA, we will definitely be visiting again. :)Worst pizza in the world. Cheese has no taste and sauce was bland. I'm sure the mixed drinks were tasty, but we went in for the food.Great food! Pizza was great! Alfredo was good too! Highly recommend! I think this is their second location, they delivered fast as well!Today was my first visit. I ordered the chicken avocado wrap. The wheat wrap was dried out and tattered, the avocado was not ripe, the chicken was dry (but seasoned well), and the french fries were good. I don't really think I'll be going back for a sandwich.Really like their pizza and burgers are solid too. They took forever to deliver one night but the manager took care of it. I understand places get busy but a lot of businesses today are rude when they have problems. The manager here was not, very apologetic and helpful. I appreciate when people do good business and this place does.New spot in the CBD. I tried the G's burger and was BLOWN AWAY! Everything about this burger, from the caramelized onions to the fried egg on top was simply awesome. I highly recommend trying this place out, especially if you're really hungry!Pizza was okay, but probably would have been better if delivery didn't take over 2 hours. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, a salad, and a 2-liter of Coke. We ordered through the Yelp app. The estimated delivery time was an hour and 15 minutes. Once the estimated delivery time passed, I called the restaurant and was simply told that they made the pizza late and the delivery guy just left 10 minutes ago with one other order. The employee on the phone was not very apologetic and estimated my pizza would arrive in the next 15 minutes or so... it didn't. It took another 45 minutes. Not sure where the ball was dropped on the order whether it was Yelp, G's Pizza, or Grub Hub, but someone needs to communicate with the customer if the expectations set are not going to be met ahead of time.Great little place.  Just two weeks old as of this posting. One of the best Philly wraps in the area.  Clean, fresh, and friendly service with nice food presentation.  They don't use Styrofoam which is a plus bc Styrofoam and pizza do not mix well.  A pizza place that has                 figured that out really knows what they doing and want to earn your business.Drove around on a Sunday night to get some pizza and were pleasantly surprised...this place  has some of the friendliest staff we've ever encountered.  The ingredients taste very fresh and are plentiful....a perfect pizza!!Great pizza place, delicious and my son loved it! They delivered earlier than I expected and very friendly customer service.Pizza in New Orleans???? After 4 days of Gumbo, jambalaya and the French Quarter debauchery we were looking for a slice of pizza after Courtyard Brewery brews. Could not have picked a better place! Cheap but tasty drinks and great pizza (from a New York perspective... just sayin')!The best place our family visited in New Orleans. The pizza was outstanding, the service was impeccable! Their homemade salad dressing is the best and the G Waffle for desert was soooo good. We will be back for sure. Ask for Ricky! He was the best.It was 9:00 on a Sunday night and we wanted to find a good pizza place as we were only in town for a few days.  We sort of stumbled upon this place and WOW what a find!! The ingredients were super fresh and the staff was very attentive and friendly. I highly recommend this spot!!The best pizza ever!! Went one night because it was the closest place that was still open. Wasn't expecting much either but boy were we blown away!! The sauce is so delicious and the toppings are premium. A pizza is nothing without delicious sauce and this they know! To sum it up, my boyfriend and I came here three days in a row! Yum yum YUM! Oh and the arcade game Street Fighter is just an extra treat lolThe regular pizza was really thin. Then the garlic breaded incredibly burnt. Called to get a new one and got it over an hour later. When i called to cancel they said it was grub hub and they need to fix it. I feel This had nothing to do with grub hub but the pizzeria itself.
I frequent New Orleans a lot. I won't order from here again. They did nothing to help me out.Kind of out of the way, but worth the trek. In a town not exactly known for pizza, this one stands out. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable, pizza was exactly as ordered and really tasty.We ordered online on a sunday afternoon, we thought it was goint to take a very long time but the pizza got to our hotel in a descent time 30-35 minutes. Pie was large enough, it was really good and flavory; the crust was very good. Well made, I'm glad we found it.Fun spot right near Mercedes Benz stadium, we went here for a bite to eat and drinks before a concert. The gyro pizza was amazing. The drinks were very reasonably priced, though they did have limited options on cocktails. The happy hour and daily specials make this a super chill place to come after work. The bartender was very friendly and even offered us tickets to the concert!!Ordered this to our hotel room. 25$ monday deal for a specialty pizza, salad and appetizer. Way too much food for the two of us, but what a deal! Everything was good, especially after visiting three breweries. Delivery took less time than predicted and whole order was correct. Even included a ranch in the pizza which wasnt ordered but means an obvious 5 stars! Definiately a good decision.Margarita Pizza with garlic (whole clove toss on) and onions added.  Crust was perfect.  The pesto pasta with added shrimp (bleh).  The shrimp were small, the glob of cheese plunked onto was  % cold.  Food not to be Grub Hub'd, dine in might put it at 4.5 stars.Found this spot close to the hotel. Pizza is thin crust but a small will feed one person easily. Went with the traditional pepperoni and it was very good. It was not busy when I went so service was fast and I would come back.Visited around 6:30pm on a Friday night and really enjoyed it! We got the arugula pizza, which is delicious. Seriously, I am so full hours later but I can't stop thinking about it. Great pizza, great service, I'm a huge fan. Will definitely come again!Unfortunately, I got takeout. The Alfredo pasta and it was delicious and it was still hot, ready to eat! Next time I'm in town I will definitely dine it and leave a better review lol :)Abigail is simply amazing!!! She was the best!!!!  The best service and hot wings in New Orleans!'I will never spend my money here again! They rushed my food and did not take into consideration what I asked of them. I am a pescatarian normally I get a salmon plate from LionHeartCatering on the Tuesday night NOLA bike ride. They weren't there so we pulled up here. I go in get a menu and I see a salmon and capers pizza. I asked the lady can I get that with vegan cheese and no ricotta. I move out the way so that my boyfriend can pay and others can order their food. She's asking other people why do she want vegan cheese and she has salmon. Instead of doing what I asked, she added the disgusting vegan cheese idk where they get it from but it is nasty and it has ricotta cheese on it! Now I'm upset. I take a bite and I don't like it. My boyfriend paid for it so he's like I'm going to eat it. We could not do it. It was a small pizza and it still had 2 1/2 slices in there. They told him there is nothing we can do about it! Instead of getting out of character I said I'll just write them a nice review. If you are in the food industry treat people food the way you want yours treated especially if we are giving you business on a slow night!This place is the BEST!  Their selection of specialty pizzas is impressive.  I'm a meatlover, so the Meathead is my fave!  All of their salads are great as well.  They have really good selection of wine too!
The staff is top-notch!  They are SUPER friendly and always go out of their way to make sure you've had an excellent experience.  They have a cute little bar with TV's if you want to just duck in solo.
The vintage video games are a nice touch especially if you're with a group.  
Parking is always plentiful in this area.  That's always a plus.My little boy wanted pizza after visiting the WWII Museum.  We looked up a close pizza joint and decided to try Gs.  It's yummy!  Great amount of sauce and cheese!  My husband had the Greek gyro with fries and said it was good.  The joint is small, cozy and comfortable.  Would return again!Loved Gs pizza. We ordered the Monday family special. Staff on the phone were really helpful and accommodating when we asked to upgrade pizza size. We also asked to do half meathead and half chicken bacon ranch and both flavours were delicious and kind of unique from regular pizza flavours. The special also came with an appetizer (we got spinach and artichoke dip) and a salad. Both were very good and good size. We didn't have quite enough pitas for the dip, but I think the kids may have eaten quite a few without any dip. Overall, we were really impressed with service and food was great!We were staying in NOLA at the Hyatt. We ordered the chicken strips, Cesar salad and cheese pizza. Ordered on yelp so it did take some time to deliver. The order when arrived was cold, but still tasted ok. Chicken strips were pretty hard but the ranch dressing was good.Ordered delivery via Yelp:  I ordered a spicy shrimp pizza with tomatoes. The tomatoes hadn't been drained, so the pizza was dripping wet. The crust was undercooked, so it wasn't crisp in the least, but rather a kind of pale dough the color of undercooked bread. I also ordered some buffalo wings, and they were a bit rubbery in consistency, but still edible.I really loved G's when we first started ordering from there.  The pizzas were pretty good!  The taste is still good, but each time we order, their pizza has less and less ingredients on it!  I recently ordered a pizza with sausage (extra $3.00), onion (extra $2.50), and green pepper (extra $2.50).  I was NOT happy when I received it!  There was literally:  ONE small piece of sausage on each slice, ONE piece of onion on each slice, and ONE piece of green pepper piece on each slice.  To pay that kind of money for the ingredients and get what I got is UNEXCUSABLE!  Won't be ordering again.  Other's offer so much more on theirs.  If you look closely at the picture, you will see the ingredients (if you look real hard).I visited G's with parents for a late afternoon lunch. We actually found parking right outside and Ricky, our server, could not have been more friendly and kind. We had the artichoke dip that was lovely and served in a great tiny cast iron skillet. We also each had salads which were nice. We split a large Bienville pizza. All three of us really loved the taste. I'm not sure what type of cheese they use, but it was great. Thin crust, perfect size for us. My folks each has a glass of house wine, I think red and white both which they enjoyed! I stuck with iced tea. The Bienville has a lot of different toppings and there are plenty of other signature pizzas or you can build your own. I've had delivery twice from G's Tasty Pizza on Bienville which is closer to home and it was also great. We did go with dessert which was an amazing cheesecake drizzled with sauce and nuts....truly outstanding! We loved the decor and ambience. I can imagine this place fills up during lunch hour, game days, etc., but I will definitely be back! Ricky touched base with us multiple times to make sure everything was going well. Really great!Some of the best pizza we've ever had! If you like ranch, make sure to get some extra sides!! Incredible.So I first came across G's pizza on a trip to New Orleans and I have to say it was pretty good. There is a balance of tomato and cheese that equals the crust. Mmmmmm, BUT I will say day shift pizza is a lot better than night shift, but all in all, they were both good .Omg! The atmosphere was clean and very,very  relaxing.  I ordered pizza and it was the best I've had in a long time,and to top it off the music was was elegant and very classy. I enjoyed eating there and I will definitely be back again.This is a great place to turn to when you're on vacation and need a night in. The pizza is good, not artisan but just a nice, standard American pizza you can find anywhere in America, which is kind of what you need for comfort. Try the turtle cheesecake, you'll be glad you did.Vegan win. I was wary of whether it would be any good. I've been vegetarian over 30 years and am trying now to be as vegan as possible for the sake of our poor planet. The vegan pizza tasted FANTASTIC. The texture is different from real cheese, but it tasted AMAZING, I actually loved it and will order it instead of traditional pizza from now on. No guilt; WAY fewer calories, tastes great, save the world. :D Got the brussel sprouts, hummus, and some french fries (personal weakness) and all are great. Ordering is weird; the menu changes depending on the location and the platform through which you order. I ordered from the downtown website, no complaints. The fries and hummus were in paper containers, *WIN*, but the brussel sprouts were in plastic *BOO*. I wish they would NOT have auto-included plastic utensils, especially since the website had me choose "House" (as opposed to hotel, etc). MAKE THE INCLUSION OF PLASTIC A CHOICE ON THE ORDER FORM, rather than a default "yes". :)I used the order online in the yelp app, it was free delivery!
I was scared my pizza was going to be cold but it wasn't it was warm and yummy ! The pizza dough was soft ! 
We waited tops 30 min for our pizza which is not bad ! 
Great experience , a little pricy but  it's downtown NOLA, it's to be expected ! 
Great little dinner at our hotel before we leave in the AM !G's Pizza is simply the best! From their customer service to their attention to detail, they really outshine all other pizza places in the area. I have food allergies so the fact that they offer vegan and gluten free options is incredible! They even have vegan dessert! I manage a retail store, and we've ordered lunch to be delivered many times, the order has NEVER been wrong. And, pleasing multiple different people with different taste buds is hard, but G's manages to do it.Ordered a pizza through the yelp app.  This was the last meal we had in our hotel room before leaving New Orleans.  Ordering was easy, and they delivered right on time.  Pizza was good and they even included some ranch, without us having to ask for it.  Thanks for the delicious meal, G's Pizza CBD!Torn. Seems like cool place I just went at bad time. Owner sprained ankle just prior to my arrival, leaving no trained server. Sat for 10 min before another patron walked in stood at bar and suddenly someone came from the back. Walked past me delivered food food to waiting table walked past me again, behind bar and kindly asked the patron who had just entered what they could do for them. Um hello? After watching employee fumble behind bar (not his job) and give patron cup full of free alcohol because he didn't know how to ring it up, employee walks back to kitchen. Umm hello? Still sitting here-at this point 20 min. But I'm not leaving because I ubered there. Walk to back where owner sitting, understandably trying to relieve swelling, and I ask for menu. He explains situation and apologizes. Advises me to ask cook (who is playing server) for menu. From this point, it's not so bad. Pizza is good. Drink prices good (he figured it out). Atmosphere nice. On another day this may have actually been a great experience. So I'm torn.This pizza is delicious! The sauce and crust is perfect and homemade. We also did a salad and liked that. Maggie was our server and had great recommendations. We ate the strawberry cheesecake and got two pieces of turtle cheesecake for the road. Definitely coming back and the best part is that they deliver to our apartment.So for me hospitality is EVERYTHING and the owner Ricky is AMAZING!!!! He not only is only 1 of 2 black owned pizza restaurants in New Orleans but he's probably the nicest person we've met on this trip(and we've met tons of nice people). He directed us to all the other good restaurants that the NOLA has to offer. We order the chicken salad and the cajun shrimp pizza. The chicken on the chicken salad was tasty and the lettuce was fresh. The pizza had fresh garlic which is always a plus. We last minute also got the shrimp beignet which were good but that marinated tomato on top  most delicious thing I ate(I LOVE tomatoes)and it really set the beignet off. Great restaurant would suggest you visit if you're looking for a good pie and a good timeGreat pizza. The crust was better than expected. It's a small area so if it gets crowded it can be a problem but it's worth the wait. Bartender/waitress was great and friendlyThis place is awesome! My husband and I are only in town for a few days and we've come here twice. We are vegan and G's is making a really solid effort to offer a good variety of vegan options. The pizza is excellent, and we also had an avocado burger, arugula salad, and roasted Brussels sprouts, all really good. Ricky, G, and everyone we interacted with here was really cool and customer-focused, too. Totally recommend.We came here on a Friday night after trying several attempts to call in an order for delivery (not even sure if they deliver to be quite honest because nobody ever picked up the phone so we could find out - I also forgot to ask the server because I was just so damn hungry by that time). Service was okay, the server was nice but it seemed like it was just her, a manager and cook there. The pizza was unlike chicago or even ny style pizza. Just your average pizza, I wish the crust under the toppings was crisper, it was pretty floppy and chewy. The 4 stars is honestly for the spinach and artichoke dip we had, it was bomb, the garlic breadstick things that it came with however were pretty hard, wishing they were more doughy like the bottom of the pizza's crust. Maybe flip flop the cooking styles or recipes lol.G's pizza was recommended by a guy in a coffee shop down the road and I'm so glad we decided to order from here! The cheese bread was very delicious! We also ordered the chicken pesto pizza, the meat eater pizza, and the barbecue chicken pizza. All were delicious and delivered by GrubHub to our hotel. The only thing I would recommend is that they send more napkins. ;o)Ordered delivery on a trip to NOLA on a rainy night- delivery was quick, service really wonderful, and the pizza was delicious! Will definitely order again when I am in the area! 
Got the margherita pizza and cheese breadsticks- so good!I cannot put in to words how amazing this place is. Which is a shame, because that's the exact point of a review. I came here with my family. My father is gluten intolerant, I am vegan and my sister and Mom eat anything. Needless to say, we all left as happy as those families in cell phone commercials that make you feel insecure that your family doesn't work together or share well. 
I force fed my Mom and sister bites of my vegan food because I honestly couldn't believe it was all plant based. 
At night, I dream of 3 things only: my old wrangler I sold to move to Los Angeles, women in the past I've loved, and this pizza.
The wait staff/bartenders are great!Worse experience of my life. Ordered delivery through Yelp at 7:50 got email for confirmation that cheese pizza 14 inch with chicken strip and waffle. 
Delivery when ordered said 45-55 min but email said 9:15.
Got a call from delivery guy at 9:25 he got lost in different building but managed to deliver in hotel lobby. When I went into room at 9:30 found they delivered WRONG PIZZA! I called restaurant they said they will send my pizza ASAP. At 10:10 another guy called he is outside the hotel for me. When I took the wrong pizza no one was found so I called the guy. He said he has wrong address so came in 5 min to FINALLY DELIVER MY PIZZA AT 10:30 pm. 
Needless to say all my kids having traveled in car for 4 hrs to reach our hotel slept WITHOUT EATING DINNER! 
Thanks to the WORST SERVICE. YOU GUYS DESERVE AN AWARD!Saturday night order - 10:45 or so. Ordered a Greek pizza. Liked that there was a place to customize your toppings. Requested no onion, bc sometimes they're icky and crunchy. Pizza promised in "about 45 min" - no worries - weekend night. Took about an hour & 15 min - no biggie. Nice driver. Pizza had onions, but no worries since they were tiny thinly sliced red onions & yummy. Unfortunately also had a huge portion of black olives which aren't mentioned in the description thus no option to request not to have them. They're logical on a Greek pizza, but I hate them. Once I picked them off, it was pretty decent late night pizza. Fairly skimpy toppings (gyro meat etc) -  (except the olives..tons!!! ) but very flavorful and nice crust. Might be a better dine in option but sometimes it's nice to get a delivery! They have some cool menu options so worth a try!I went back to the restaurant for the 2nd time. The service is better. I ordered a supreme pizza and the server recommended the house special ranch. I have to say, it was an excellent recommendation. Without the ranch, the pizza is tasteless. The ranch enhanced the flavor by 100%. I highly recommend it. They need to fix the paper tower holder in the woman bathroom though. After I washed my hand, I turned around and the toilet paper holder hit my head hard. I'm short. But if I was taller, the toilet paper would have hit my face and that wouldn't be nice.Got G's through Uber eats. Pizza is on point, ranch on point. Delicious chicken pesto on thin crust. Holy moly. I love Gs.I'm from NY so I say this with the utmost respect. G's pizza is amazing, EXPENSIVE but really good 
- Hands down the best pizza in New OrleansAmazing service!! Delicious pizza with some awesome specialties too!
I ordered delivery through Grubhub via Yelp, and due to issues, the driver never went to pick up the order. However, the awesome folks at G's still stayed around till 30 minutes past closing to wait for the driver and kept in contact with me.  When it was obvious the Grubhub driver wasn't coming, one of the employees made the effort to deliver the order themselves, even though I was out of their delivery area and they were well past closed!!!
And the pizza?? GREAT!!!! I got the narcissist, which happened to be a rare speciality pizza that has EVERYTHING I LOVE on a pizza already and nothing I don't.
I will definitely be ordering all my pizza from G's from now on, and since I discovered they have a Mid-City location, will be glad to use their own delivery drivers.  This place is worth your money and patronage!!Very much recommend burrata, hummus plate, vegan brussel sprouts and The Narcissist pizza!This place  has a PIZZZA my heart! We ordered for  lunch and they had this half salad and sandwich option which I chose at random and got the best chicken avocado and yummy salad ever!! We also got the Margherita Pizza and a huge side Cesar salad which came with the most yumMt cheesy surprise!
The pizza itself was perfect, i am one for thick crust instead of thin  and this was great! The cheese  to crust and sauce ratio is awesome. The bite to the Margherita Pizza was yummy gooey and had a certain crisp  to it. Chicken cesar  salad is where it's at as well! Flavorful and greens were plentiful as well. Y'all idk if it's cheesy bread or a slice of cheese pizza or a wonderful accident but it was so pure and so good.  10/10 will be bAck for a great lunch!Best pizza in New Orleans! I fell in love with G's when I worked across the street from the Mid City location, and love that he opened another spot in the CBD. I work in the quarter and they deliver to me on the job, and even to my house way out in the 7th. Try the chicken pesto pizza!Fast delivery. Yummy pizza! Very tasty, with lots of cheese. The chocolate waffle was also very good!Needed a late night meal and didn't want to venture out. An "XL" pizza was 16 inches. Ordered a thin crust sausage pizza and with delivery and automatic tip was 30.00. Pizza arrived quickly but very skimpy on toppings...definitely not worth the money. Wanted to try something local but should have stuck with a chain pizza like Papa John's or Pizza Hut for the price.I had originally found this place on Yelp and was intrigued by all the vegan options. I scrolled down and it had good reviews as well we photos. Then I saw a free appetizer coupon so it was a definite yes for me! My boyfriend was cool with it because they had non vegan options as well and the menu and pictures looked good. We had the vegan cheese fries as an appetizer and I got the veggie queen pizza which was delicious! He got a wrap and a 6.00 dollar pizza lunch special which turned into a couple more bucks since he got the OG which is more than 1 topping that the special allows. The waitress was super nice and made special recommendations.Very good pizza. My daughter had a gyro - it was very good.  She was happy to find that on the menu.   Good service.  Very attentive and friendlyStopped by the new G's Pizza for their soft opening and was blown away. Started with the fresh arugula salad with drizzled lime vinaigrette and topped with fresh cherry tomatoes and proscuitto. Then ordered the mussel pasta  I talked with the owner and little bit (who cooked all of the food himself) and got the scoop on their in house white wine seafood base that they toss into it. It carried the same freshness as the salad that I usually wouldn't expect from a pizza shop and am looking forward to trying more of their menu items soonThe bartender Ricky  was fantastic he was knowledgeable and funny. The 2$ mimosas are everything this is a must stop place if you are visiting New Orleans for the first time. You will definitely get fucked up off of the happy hour. Loved the atmosphere.This place seems convenient by its location and delivery but don't be fooled. The actual service is lacking. They will say the delivery ETA is 30-40 minutes but it's more like an hour and a half. I get there are busy nights, but just be honest with your customers. We called three times and each time they told us the delivery guy was just about to leave with our order. That was over the span of an hour. 
Then when the pizza gets there it's of course cold because it's probably been sitting around all night. If I wanted cold, bland pizza I'd just order from a chain and get it much faster.We're from Austin and visited NOLA the weekend before Christmas (stayed around the corner @ Domio rentals).  After a long day of walking the city with wife and kids, it was welcoming to know that a GLUTEN FREE pizza option was literally 1 min from our building.  The owner was onsite and very personable & the staff greeted every customer.  We ordered 4 GF pizzas for take out & it was absolutely delicious - thin crust and mega amount of toppings. We have traveled quite a bit and I will say this GF pizza was as good as any GF pizza in NYC or Rome.  Yes that's right.  Try it for yourself.Gourmet Pizzas are outstanding. Very well made dough and good pizza sauce.
Try Margherita Pizza and you wont be regretful. Supreme and Meathead pizzas are awesome as well. 
Reasonable price for a dine in pizza restaurant.
I am either Pizza freak or this place is so good since I ate 4 times last week. Here we go again!Don't be dissapointed. Order from some other pizzaria. Toppings are barely there, we felt totally ripped off. We paid $50 for 2 cheese pizzas with skimpy ingredients. There are plenty of other decent pizza delivery options in the area.  To add insult to injury one of our pies was delivered UNCUT to our hotel room. WTF, we had to tear it apart like cavemen. When we called the restaurant back to complain the mngr offered us a credit next time we ordered. Why oh why we would we order from them again. They get 1 star because 0 isn't an option.Nice lunch spot, cheap prices for local workers and fresh made! The pizza is really great after it cools off! It's hot when they **update reply** 2 stars loss because the gyro meat didn't have any taste, can use some seasoning and and I've had the wings before and they can also use a bit more seasoning!After an 8 hour drive, we were looking for something close to our hotel. This place is great!!! We split the small Caesar salad and chicken bacon ranch pizza. The "small" salad was a HUGE portion. The romaine was hearty and fresh and the Caesar dressing was tangy and delicious. The fresh shaved Parmesan was tasty and croutons were perfect! Next, the 10" pizza was plenty for just the 2 of us. The waitress recommended the regular crust and it was pure perfection. Not too thick and the perfect crispness. The chicken was seasoned perfectly with plenty of fresh bacon bits, and the mozzarella cheese was just superb! Fabulous beer and wine meme too. Highly recommend this place!HOLY SH*T!! Can I curse on Yelp, dang... I'm not sure but here we go! 
Let start with the variety of pies they have to offer. We started with the honey BBQ and went on the the Margarita pizza... both were to die for!  Let talk about the wing, y'all I gotta be honest, I don't trust many pizza restaurants with wings (looking at you Pizza Hut) but G's got it right! They aren't those pre-frozen soggy breaded joints you get at most places, and they have a variety of flavors. 
Cool... on to the drinks! $2 Mimosas, yes I'm a corny millennium so I LIVE for Mimosas, judge me, I don't care. 
They also offer a variety of wines. 
This place is so cool and ducked off with an amazing staff. It's like Cheers!!! Everyone knows your name! 
No but for real, as I was leaving an older couple came in and the manager Rickey looked at them, greeted them with the warmest smile and instantly let the bartender know what their drink orders were without them saying a word. 
I'm going back for the weekly specials and can't wait to let my meetup group know we now have a new spot to try!literally so good and fresh every single time, even delivery!!! It's hard to find good quality pizza in new  orleans but I love this place! They also have healthy alternatives and a wide variety on their menu, along with wine in you're dining in!