bar menu and seating was great, Nola traditional experience. Lobster roll terrific - light and fresh. We'll be back.A great location and beautiful building in the French Quarter.  We enjoyed the red wine - Galatoire's own, and it was reasonably priced.   Everything we ordered was very nice and we had a variety of menu items.  My friends had an oyster appetizer and loved it.  One of our steaks was overlooked but they corrected it quickly. The service was exceptional. Only 2 negatives - they have a dress code and the place was small and extremely noisy!  Overly loud, in fact. (Thus the three stars). We had been hoping for nice, quiet and leisurely dinner.  They pack all the guests towards the back as they are seated, so it looks top heavy on one end of the restaurant.Coolinary. We started with a well concocted French 75- Cognac of course. Baked Oysters Rockefeller totally rocked. Then probably some of the best Turtle Soup hands down. The Crab Risotto was well prepared. Petit Filet all around our table each perfectly done. We shared a side of Crab au Gratin that was killer! Dessert of Chocolate Creme Brûlée topped with Brandied Cherries was the perfect end. The Seasonal Cobbler was Plum with Pistachios was pretty darn good too. The service was timely and courteous. Quick! Go now before Coolinary ends!!It is connected to the original Galatoire's and so in some ways this is sort of just extra space for the original restaurant but they do offer a different menu.  The steak is good and the service is professional.  The downstairs bar here is large and comfortable so it might be a good place to drink if the upstairs bar at original Galatoire's is full.  Generally I would prefer dining in the original Galatorie's but if it was full I wouldn't mind eating here again.  You can also access Galatorie's 33 from the upstairs bar at Galatorie's.  The dress code here is more relaxed than the original so if you find yourself in a more business casual mood then this might be a better choice than the original Galatorie's.This is by far my worst experience dining in NOLA. Ordered French Onion Soup, veal chop, veggie and bordelaise sauce. My chop was to be medium rare plus ... closer to medium. 
No soup showed up. Wrong sauce. And the chop was rare and an end cut. How do you serve an end-cut rare ... and is always reserved for medium well to well orders. 
Terribly disappointed and all I wanted was a casual good NOLA meal.
Second chance failed miserably! Medium rare to rare in some sections of the cut. The quality was horrific, vainy and tough. Over charred on the outside a under cooked, cold center in the middle. 
The best thing I can say is the bread was fine and the butter wasn't frozen. 
They lost a customer and a "former" advocate. Given the prices, you expect more and I'm left with a bad experience and hungry.Way overpriced and nothing spectacular as far as the menu goes. Ordered the ribeye mid rare and it came to the table rare. C'mon. There are definitely better priced and better tasting steakhouses all over the city.Ate here last night. We sat at the bar. Delicious! Got the baked oysters (half casino and half rockefeller), both were very good.  It was my first time eating turtle soup. I really liked it! I was expecting a clear broth but it was more like a stew or thin chili. Very good. My husband got the rib eye and he said it was AMAZING! Rib eyes tend to be on the fatty side but this had zero fat--a wonderful piece of prime meat. I got the crab cake and it was probably the best I've ever had! Chunks of crab! For dessert we had the ice cream. It was good but nothing special. It had a mix of vanilla ice cream and raspberry gelato with a jam and whipped cream on top.Arguably the best quality steaks in town cooked to perfection. My Strip steak was exceptional.tldr: Food was fantastic, but our service was seriously lacking. Also reservation cancellation policy is ridiculous.
Galatoire's next door is known for their fantastic service, but somehow that has not transferred over! Online the happy hour times are 5-7pm and the liquors are listed. When we arrived, happy hour was 4-6pm and the liquors were different. We asked the bartender about this, and thankfully she honored happy hour prices at 6:30pm. Even she wasn't sure of the time. We didn't make a reservation because they require a credit card hold with a $25 cancellation fee per person with 72 hours notice. This is not New York. I haven't been to another restaurant in town that charges a fee to cancel and 72 hours notice. Since there were open tables listed at every single timeslot, I thought this policy was a joke. I could maybe understand during Mardi Gras or Jazz Fest, but on a random Thursday? The restaurant was half empty.
Our back servers were fantastic -- we always had water & bread. But I think our server was either the only one or just everything in the restaurant runs super slow. It easily took 30 minutes to get appetizers & new rounds of drinks took close to that. Our server struggled to remember the liquors (to be fair, half of them weren't listed in the drink menu), struggled to remember dessert after telling us there weren't enough paper menus for us, and the kitchen was out of several entrees. 
The saving grace on the restaurant is that the food is FANTASTIC. Seriously. Best steak I've had in years. The tuna crudo, oysters rockefeller, escargot, gulf fish almondine, and steak tartare were excellent. I don't have a single complaint about the food. I'd eat it all again in a heartbeat. But it's hard to choose this place over Peche, R'evolution, Compere Lapin, Commander's, and other places in town with stellar food AND service. I don't always have 2.5 hours to eat a meal, when we spent at least an hour of that waiting for drinks or courses to come.Omg!
Excellent!
Filet was perfect.  Crisp outside, rare center.  
Potatoes were addicting & service impeccableReally nice spot. The bar was so wonderful and cozy we decided to eat there. I had the crab risotto with truffles. It was so wonderful I could have done with just that and a drink. The absolute only downside is its right on Bourbon St which meant great music when anyone opened the door ( also great inside) but a bit of a let down when you leave and step into total insanity.The ribeye (medium) was amazing! Seriously so big I highly recommend splitting I couldn't even finish my half 
Butter mushrooms were also very good, not crazy about the ceaser salad but still was good. Overall, I would recommend to try if you come to Nola!On Dec. 26, my wife and I had 6PM reservations at this restaurant... supposedly a more casual version of the mother restaurant, Galatoire's, right next door. We had intended to have take part in their Reveillon special... a fixed menu that many New Orleans restaurants run from Dec. 1st - 31st... we were pretty much dressed business casual... but I did have on black jeans... there is no dress code there, but we looked pretty good. My guess is the awful waitress thought we were tourists (we live less than 4 blocks away from the restaurant) and for some reason, she didn't want her table taken up by us... even though the place was pretty empty at the time... this witch of a waitress flat out lied to us, saying that Reveillon had ended on Christmas at their and all of the other restaurants... we were quite mystified but accepted it and left... ended up eating sushi at at little place on Decatur. 
Anyway, while planning our New Year's Eve, I had been looking through Nola.com and discovered that Reveillon was indeed still going at not only Galatoire's 33, but all the other restaurants. This despicable waitress (I wish I could remember her name) at this over-priced restaurant deserves to have its business go in the take... the laughable kicker in the whole situation... my wife is a best selling travel author (numerous travel guides to her name, including a best selling New Orleans guide for Moon Handbooks). Don't give you business to this snobby, greedy restaurant or its mother restaurant... don't support anyone that would lie to customers simply to keep their tables open for someone who would pay their high prices vs going with the fixed meal price of Reveillon... pathetic!Was greeted warmly by two lovely older gentlemen, and I asked to be seated at the bar.  I had gotten there for a late lunch, so around 2:30pm.  Since it was my first proper meal in NOLA, I kind of went big: cup of okra gumbo, fried eggplant, and the crab and avocado salad.  Bread, Miss?  I'd LOVE some.  Also had a local NOLA beer that the very attentive and kind bartender recommended.
Although a cup of gumbo, there were two huge shrimp, oysters, okra and chunks of crab.  It was perfectly seasoned with a lovely spicy bite.  I had done a bit too much the night before, so I needed the fried eggplant that came with very fresh hollandaise (yum!!) and powdered sugar (new to me). What the heck, try each, try them together, it was all perfect!  The bread was freshly baked and soft and warm and the butter was of the best quality.  Lastly, the salad.  Half of an avocado with an NBA player handful of fresh crab on a bed of bibb lettuce with tomato slices.  Amazing, and so refreshing in the warm weather.  
The service was impeccable and when I make my way back to NOLA, I will go again.  Merci beaucoup!!Came here looking for some good steak in NOLA. Wound up unimpressed by their steak selection. Food was good but it really should be called Gallitoire's whatever and seafood. 
Also men must wear a jacket while dining.Let's just start with the basics ... Even though nothing is basic about this place .. The staff so amazing  and attentive !!! Oh boy the crab cake was so wonderful I mean Wonderful the best I ever had in New Orleans Lamb chops Red fish creamed spinach was so delicious I wanna go everyday if I could  ..Steak house di buon livello.
Anche l'ambiente è molto carino e curato.
La carne era ottima (anche se inferiore a quella di Ruth Chris).
Il posto però era molto affollato e confusionario. impossibile parlare se non con il proprio vicino.
Servizio deludente. In America c'è sempre la tendenza ad avere diversi camerieri per fare quello che da noi in Italia fa una persona sola.
La cosa potrebbe anche essere positiva se funzionasse bene! Invece qui hanno girato a vuoto tutta sera servendoci molto male (hanno sbagliato tutte le cotture) e mettendoci un sacco di tempo.
Alla fine conto di 90$ a persona per bistecca e contorno. 
Direi accettabile. Peccato davvero la confusione ed il servizio!We had a party of 8 in town for a long weekend. Every person had the best meal they have EVER had. I would recommend ribeye, any of the potato choices. We tried the seafood appetizer plate. Wonderful. The atmosphere perfect. Definitely would make a point to return.I made dinner reservations here on Jan. 1, 2015. Upon arrival we were quickly seated. The service was impeccable. The food was delicious! The steaks were cooked to perfection. 
The only negative is that the noise level can get a little loud, but not bad. 
If you're looking for a steakhouse in New Orleans, you can't go wrong with Galatoire's 33, not to be confused with Galatoire's right next door. It was one of the best steaks I've had in a while.Galatoire's has been an institution of culinary service in Nola for over 60 years. 
You can't go wrong dining here. The food, the service and the atmosphere all represents the Nola way of life. 
I always enjoy coming here for dinner or lunch. They just do everything right from water pouring to serving coffee. 
On this visit we enjoyed an amazing dinner; thanks to our server John who made it special. 
The appetizers were tasty and the steaks were made perfectly as we wanted them. 
Go and enjoy 33!One of our favorites!!! Everyone is so friendly and helpful! Dirty martinis are a must! The crab cake is my favorite in the city. It is all lump crabmeat. Every steak is cooked to perfection!Booked a reservation for Father's Day - was a little disappointed that for as empty as restaurant was it took 2 1/2 hours for lunch of 2 adults and 2 children. 
Seemed our waiter was the only waiter in the dinning room. So my 3 star rating is for poor experience on a special day. 
All and all the food was good but not good enough for me to go back.This was my first time here. I have been to Galatoire's next door but never the 33 bar. Service was great, as I would expect. I liked that it was a bit more casual. Food was also excellent. My only complaint is that my steak and another friend's steak both ordered medium rare were first brought out cooked medium/ medium well. However as soon as it was brought to our waiters attention, he took care of us. Very soon after, we were brought out two new steaks cooked perfectly!I decided to take myself to a really nice dinner Tuesday night, my first night in NOLA. This was more than I could have expected. Skip, my server, gave excellent suggestions which I am happy to say were the most delicious choices. They made me feel very comfortable, which occasionally is hard to come by as a single diner. I'm very happy with my experience and will be back next time I visit.First of all, they're on the We Live to Eat website and it doesn't say anything about the menu not being available on certain days, but I went to dinner yesterday and was told that they weren't doing the We Live to Eat menu last night.
I checked the website again today. It doesn't say anywhere that they don't have this menu available on certain days. If it were just me, I would've walked out, because I find that very unprofessional. I had plenty of other choices and could've gone to one of the many other places that WERE going to honor the promotion that they SIGNED UP FOR.
But I was with two friends from out of town and I didn't want to worry about trying to get a table at another restaurant, so we just stayed. Maybe that's what they were hoping for, I don't know.
Dinner itself was fine. It was enjoyable. I got the quail and was surprised to see two birds on my plate. I took one home for lunch. My friends seemed to enjoy their dishes: the 7 oz sirloin and the Duck l'Orange.
I'm being nice and giving 3 stars, but I really wish that they didn't play with me with the restaurant week stuff, because last night was the only night I could go to any of the WLTE dinners because I'm traveling this week, and they ruined my only chance.Lovely atmosphere once you step inside off Burboun Street.  Very nice room.  Our wait person was busy with another table and never arrived at ours, so once we were seated for a while, the Maitre'd offered to take our order.  There were only two of us.  We started with oysters Rockefeller.  The shells were quite large but the oysters had shrunk to tiny size beneath the spinach topping, which was tasty.  Very good and generous portion of Caesar salad with actual anchovies. Yet when our entree arrived, they managed to swap our steaks so I got the rare ribeye and my husband the medium strip.  I suppose I should have sent them back.  Sides of potatoes brabant was nice and garlicy and broccoli cooked just right.  Service, however, was not up to par for the prices they charge though the food was good.This is the smaller restaurant directly next to the main Galatoire's location on Bourbon st. I sat at the bar as I was by myself. The bartenders were very helpful and personable. I was able to order the thick cut pork chop that is on the menu next door and it was fantastic. Perfectly cooked and seasoned very well. Over all a very good experience at a very famous place in the quarter. Don't be fooled by the outside atmosphere on Bourbon st, this place is very classy and well put together.Came here on our first night in New Orleans for my birthday dinner.  Considering we were going to eat seafood during most of our trip I wanted to have a good steak.
My GF had the 10 oz filet.  This was amazing. 5 stars for being the most perfect filet we have ever had.  According to the waiter, they wet age their steaks for 3-4 weeks.
I had the 16 oz Ribeye.  It was cooked perfectly and was very tender.  Well trimmed and no huge fat piece of fat(river) in the middle.  Unfortunately it was a bit over seasoned for my liking.  If you like Flemmings or Ruth Chris' then this steak will blow you away.
For sides we had the sautéed mushrooms and sautéed spinach.  The mushrooms were perfect but didn't care too much for the spinach.
Wine selection is ok.Very tasty steak! The ambiance has an old school New Orleans. We had a great meal and amazing service. It's. It terribly hard to get in here either.Went by on a Sunday afternoon, during Mardi Gras weekend, they had a limited bar menu offering before they officially opened, and a special Mardi Gras menu. It was nice they offered a small selection of food before officially being opened, unfortunately, the food was not anything to speak home about. My open face steak sandwich felt as if it had been sitting out next to an open cooler door, it was ice cold. It took about 15 minutes to fix and get a new one, which tasted fine, nothing great. The hamburger tasted like something we used to make in the backyard back in my college days, no flavor, burnt to death. 
Service was nothing special either. We had to beg for a drink menu, ask for refills. Bar tenders were busy talking and spending time with the locals it seemed. 
Glad we stopped by, because now we know that we won't ever go back for an official dinner. Highly disappointing.What you would expect from a Classic New Orleans establishment! Try the Turtle soup it was excellent! Their specialty drinks were also very good and there were a few unusual renditions of favorites. 
And to their Credit, they told us that they were not serving any crab that evening as there was an issue with what was available. I would rather have them tell you that than be disappointed in what we ordered. 
All and All a great experience!Really good steak... a bit over seasoned but I trimmed that part away and it was amazing! I tend to find all restaurant food too salty.This is an easy review to write because this place is what we have come to expect in a Galatoire's restaurant (Baton Rouge is excellent too). Gorgeous decor is a quiet, elegant refuge from the loud bawdiness of Bourbon Street.
Eat in shorts and flip-flops in the bar (two huge TVs) or wear slacks and shoes in the dining room. Bar drinks were good. Steaks were delicious, fairly priced and cooked perfectly. Sides were good, but waiter called them family size and they are certainly no more than couple size. Sides were good but room for improvement on the mushrooms which were marinated in wine before sautéing and turned out too tangy for my taste. We skipped dessert.
Try it. You'll probably be very glad you did.One of the best steaks I have ever had in my life - no joke.  It was crusted in pepper and sea salt, cooked to perfection.  Me and the mister had dinner here the evening before New Year's Eve and we couldn't have been happier.  The service was top notch and the food was excellent.  He ordered the fish of the day, which was served in a lemon butter glaze.  We shared the brussel sprouts as a side, which were sauteed and carmelized.  I would recommend this place as a nice place to have a dinner without being in a larger scale steakhouse.  There aren't many tables, but the dining room is very nice.Great service at this Bourbon Street steakhouse - We ate dinner at a table in the bar.  The bartender that waited on us was awesome.  We asked if he would change the TV so we could watch a specific game.  He did, no problem.  After dinner when we asked him to recommend a restaurant that had great bread pudding, he immediately said "next store at Galatoire's main Restaurant".    We said we'd stop there on our way home.  He said "No way.  I'll go next door and get it for you".  And he did.  The food was good, but nothing special.  That bartender made all the difference.It was a wonderful evening. My Birthday dinner! Nice people, great service, good food. Thank you, Adam, for your amazing service!!I don't usually go to Bourbon Street, but when I do, I'll think of Galatoire's 33. I was glad to get to check out the place after seeing in under renovation for so long. They did a great job; the place has a traditional New Orleans feel without being stuffy. The happy hour drinks were good, potent, and well priced.Really bad... like really bad. Worst meal and service that we have experienced the entire trip. Probably should have realized what was to come when the waitress took 30 minutes to get us a menu. I had the creole chicken. Chicken was cooked well and was moist but it wasn't warm. It was the furthest thing from creole. Honestly it tasted like the "chef" poured pace salsa on top of it. The waitress was very inattentive. The best service came from the table bus boy. I wish that my tip could have gone straight to him. Don't waste your time and money.Good service and elegant atmosphere, but my tiny turtle soup had no turtle in it, unless you count the 0.1 mm of tofu-like sliver of something for meat.  Unbelievable.Great service, really great food and cocktails. It's fancy, but they accommodated is in "regular" clothes.Great, old school steakhouse located in the French Quarter. Ribeye, creamed spinach, and onion rings hit the spot after our long flight.Everything here was FANTASTIC. Our server, Michael, was extremely helpful, polite, ans gave us great recommendations, including the chocolate creme brulee (yum). Even the table busser was fantastic and very friendly.
For dinner we had the Tuna Steak and the Gulf Fish of the day, which was swordfish. They were two of the best cooked pieces of fish I have ever tasted, which as a pescetarian is saying something. I would go here everyday of the week if I could!
Food = A
Service = A+
Only thing I would change is to add more vegetarian options, since my vegetarian friend basically had to order off of the sides menu.We decided to go at the last minute for dinner on a Thursday night. The bar seats were all taken so we sat at banquette in the bar. The immense and well thought out wine list is a winner, we had moderately priced Bordeaux. Split the 33 salad & it had a ton of flavor and great ingredient(pecans and pickles!).  We split the T-Bone for 2 and it was perfectly charred and cooked to medium rare, the portion size was right on. Side dishes were wonderful and not too salty collard greens and expertly cooked and hot steak house potatoes. The dinner was nicely simple and understated. Service was kind of attentive but they were short staffed. We will be back.Excellent food.  The best service that you will fine anywhere. Not cheap, but so good.Stopped here to get out of madness of Bourbon St. Robert and Jordan bartenders were grand! Had a Sazerac, best ever. Can't wait to return!Well with so many people talking about how great this place was, I left feeling disappointed. Don't get me wrong the food was good but not great and the waiter felt "new" and "unknowledgeable" which for the amount we spent on dinner I felt let down and the overall experience was mediocre. If it's a business lunch you're looking for sure it's fine but that's where I would draw the line. Not impressed and actually regretted going.I don't believe I've dealt with such rude staff in my life. The management here is atrocious. The bar staff were amazing, the food was good, but certainly did not come close to expectations. The real problem is that management made us feel unwelcome, told us we couldn't eat at their restaurant, and when told that we were looking forward to the experience, allowed us only the courtesy of sitting separated from the other patrons by being at the bar. I've never been so angered and embarrassed in my life. This was the worst "dining" experience I have ever had. I would have walked out if I were not with a party that had their hearts' set on trying their food. I cannot believe that after spending closer to $1000, we weren't offered any common decency.I was in the Big Easy for a bachelor's party so the only kind of planning we did was where to go drink. Nobody really thought about where to go eat until it was time to go eat. Cochon was obviously out of the question because the restaurant was fully booked all of weekend. So we all decided to just walk down and see what steakhouse would come up in our path.
The first fancy looking restaurant we ran into was Galatoire's. No, not this one - the one next door. I walked in and asked them what their dress code was and I was told that jackets required (they have loaner jackets) but since we didn't want to dine at a place that's too stuffy, we decided to go somewhere else when the hostess told us to just go next door (she did warn us that Galatoire's 33 had a different menu from Galatoire's but we just wanted steak and both restaurants had steaks). However, looking at the prices at both restaurants on their respective websites, it seems like Galatoire's 33 has the more expensive steaks. So, more casual but higher priced? I don't get it, but whatever.
Galatoire's 33 has two sections. The bar is in the front and the restaurant is in the rear. As we walked pass the bar, one of my friends eyed a bottle of Glenmorangie Signet scotch on the shelf and proceeded to the bar to place the order. While he was at the bar, we were seated and greeted by our waiter who proceeded to ask if he could take our drink orders. We informed our waiter that our friend was already placing an order at the bar. This seemed to annoy him a bit because he made a comment, "why did he go to the bar?! I could understand his frustration because four glasses of that scotch cost almost $200. 18% of that is a lot of tip that our waiter wasn't getting. But come on!
Anyway, we got water, bread, butter and we placed our orders. I personally ordered their 16 oz ribeye. Some of my friends ordered appetizers such as the Caesar salad and the lobster bisque and for the main entree, they either ordered the filet mignon or the NY Strip. We also ordered potatoes au gratin and creamed spinach to share for sides. 
The ribeye steak was pretty legit - done just the way I liked it (medium rare) and surprisingly not too fatty. The creamed spinach was really good but not the best I've had; and the potatoes au gratin was just okay. 
After the initial snide remark of ordering the drinks at the bar, our waiter was pleasant the rest of the night. However, there was a busboy who picked up our plates and cleaned our table and that guy was HILARIOUS! He was making funny comments like "why do you guys always get quiet when I come around?" I know that doesn't sound funny, but moments later he came back with, "I want to apologize. I didn't realize my fly was down. Is that why you guys got quiet?" Just funny little comments throughout then night. Definitely made our dining experience better. And yes, I know that's probably not something you want when you're having a romantic dinner here. But hey, maybe you should have put on a jacket and go next door for a romantic dinner?
All in all, I had a great experience here at Galatoire's 33 Bar & Steak. Will I be back? Mmm, maybe. I mean, there are other steakhouses in NOLA that I definitely would love to try so I might have to try those other places first and come back here. But I'm definitely not saying no to this restaurant.One of my favorite dining experiences from start to finish. Awesome bar, staff is so welcoming, knowledgeable, attentive and funny yet very professional. I've been a few times and bartender remembers my drink, managers make a point to welcome me back. Steaks cooked to perfection.We went here with some friends for dinner, service was great. The turtle soup was much milder than I expected, the lobster salad was very good only would have been better with a little more seasoning, The prime Rib eye I ordered came out as a New York, and the server noticed that and replaced it quickly, the steak was over seasoned, the hash browns and creamed spinach were excellent as was the Prime Filet, overall great quality food was used. The wine list is very big and offers a lot of wine you don't always see, and maybe can't afford. The room is quite comfortable a great addition to Bourbon StreetYes sir. Nailed it. Loved this place. Arrived with a big crew around 12 and left over 3 hours later and very well off. The service and drinks were great! 
The Crab Cakes dominated.
Love this place.This was a wonderful find! Escaped Bourbon street for a quick drink . It was happy hour and the drinks were great , great price too . 5:00 -7:00 pm Mon-Thurs. The escargot was the best we have had in years . We are fussy about escargot ! Went back two days in a row !! Very nice bartenders too !Can't go wrong with the new grill. Attentive staff. Great atmosphere for a quiet evening out 
Only con is the swordfish was dry.Amazing staff, delicious food.  Local ingredients, great chef, worldly wines.  Best steak tartar ever.  Bread was toasted to perfection, large portion of tartar, wonderful mustard vinaigrette.We stopped by the bar this afternoon and had a drink with Kim the bartender. We asked about dinner reservations and he took our names and time and set us up. When we went in for dinner he greeted us with a big smile and the maitre d seated us. Our waitress was Nikki and she made us feel very comfortable and told us to take our time. We found a bottle of wine which we began to enjoy while we looked at appetizers and salads. We decided to split the crab cake and lobster salad. Both were excellent and after finishing those we both decided to have the filet mignon. Could not have been better. The butter sauce on the steaks was exquisite. We had Bernard helping with water and making sure everything was okay. The place was a totally wonderful experience.Lot of hype. Went for dinner and had a Batchelor party next to us dunk,obnoxious, vulgar and they let this go on. We were upstairs with other guests that also were totally anoyed with these people. I brought it to the attention of the waiter and she replied "That's how we roll here"???? Wait I have to wear a jacket to dinner and you allow Animal House???? 
   Then there was the food. Gumbo had very little too No season my entree also was bland like I was eating at a nursing home.  The tea machine was dirty and it smells like they got it from the urinal.  Service was 1-10 a 4 . But on a positive note the bread pudding was awesome! !! 
 It might be a great place and a tradition to get drunk at noon on Friday.  But the Saturday night dining was HORRIBLE! 
FIRST AND LAST VISIT...Wow.  Did not see this coming. It's on bourbon street a couple blocks off of Canal Street.  I assumed it was going to be one of those typical tourist spots that charge too much and don't deliver very good food.  What an amazing surprise!  Ordered the 16 Oz ribeye (medium).  This was not my first steak; but I can honestly say that if I don't wake up tonight, I am so dang happy this was my last one!  I have NEVER EVER EVER had a ribeye that was this flavorful, perfectly marbled, and tender.  I literally was able to easily cut through it with my fork.  If I could swipe right on a steak, I'd TOTALLY do it for this steak.  It is hands down the best steak I have ever eaten.Galatoire's 33 is outstanding.  From the service to the execution of the dishes, everything is at the top of the game.  The bar in the front is an elegant spot for meeting for drinks with lots of cozy seating.  We enjoyed the escargot in cream sauce for an appetizer and it was decadent.  Warm crusty french bread with butter was delivered to the table.  The french onion soup was an interesting hearty version with almost a cheddar cheese-type of cheese.  The ribeye steak was an excellent quality, cooked exactly to the temperature requested, and did not need any type of sauce whatsoever.  We ordered a side of the horseradish cream sauce, which was more cream than horseradish, so if you prefer to kick it up a notch they could have brought you plain horseradish to mix it to your liking.  The duck a l'orange was absolute perfection. I have never seen a more beautifully cooked duck with perfectly crisp skin and the portion was perfectly sized.  The orange sauce was not overpowering.  The lobster chop salad was excellent, it was mixed arugula with a tarragon goddess dressing, bits of roasted beets, a few slices of avocado and then very generous servings of lobster.  This salad would be perfect for a light elegant lunch course all on it's own.  The sides we tried, the creamed spinach and the brussels sprouts were both fantastic.  The creamed spinach is the best version we've tried in the city, not too creamy and just the right consistency.  The brussel sprouts were not fussy in any way or any exotic preparation.  For dessert we enjoyed some scoops of some of the best ice cream we have tasted which we were told was from a local ice cream purveyor.  The cafe au lait was also delicious.  The next table over, the server prepared Cafe Brulot, which was quite entertaining.  The one thing you will miss from the regular Galatoire's is the beautiful garnish dish served on a silver platter that you are presented with when ordering martinis, although we were given a mini version on an amuse bouche-sized plate.  We can't say enough great things about our dinner at Galatoire's 33.We had a great time being a walk in around 830 the hostess was nice, bar staff great and sommelier knowledgeable. They sommelier was very honest as their wine selection didn't have what we were looking for but made great recommendations. 
Later after our meal we found out the gm wouldn't let us sit in the dining room due to shorts, slacks, and polos while one guy had a t-shirt. After we dropped around 100 a head. We tipped the staff while the gm made recommendations for other places sarcasticly and I was told by one of the other staff they were having a bad day. Great food but poor management off bourbon street. Steaks we're solid. Just don't catch the managers on rough nights. It is hospitality but don't take it out on the guest.When you're on a mission to treat yourself this is the place to go! I called ahead to make sure  I would be welcomed even without a reservation, and luckily the restaurant was not busy that particular night. I'd recommend calling ahead and making a reservation if you know you will be dining at Galatoire's.
My waiter was very kind and attentive. He explained the specials, and showed me the cocktail list. I knew from the pictures on Yelp that I definitely wanted to try the crab cake. Believe me when I tell you it's all crab, and no cake! It's a wonderful mass of crab meat and its warm when served. It's perfect, and I'd highly recommend you order it.  As for the main meal I ordered a filet which was cooked perfectly, and had a good flavor. I also ordered the creamed spinach. This was also good, but I think it might have needed a little salt and pepper to make it even better. Then there was the lobster au gratin. This dish was awesome, and with the steak it was perfect.  I was not kidding when I said I was treating myself.
Overall I had a great experience at Galatoire's 33 Bar & Steak. I'd most definitely return, and would encourage others to give it a try if you haven't already.One of the best classy places to go (even though it's off Bourbon St.) for a steak dinner in New Orleans. Jason was our waiter who gave us an excellent experience there. The crab cakes was like heaven in my mouth. It had the lightest and freshest taste I've ever experienced. It is now the best I've ever had. The steaks were amazing. They will cook it to your liking. When you say "medium well" they will bring it to you medium well. I hope to experience that again when I go back and visit NOLA.Coming from Connecticut and being a huge fan of steak-- this place was amazing. Amazing service with a very pleasant and respectable waiter. He was always so polite and attentive to our needs. Answered all questions. They offered to serve any of the steaks as half and half for my boyfriend and I which worked out perfectly since they were huge! We got the potato leek soup which was amazing and just how it should be & better. We then got the steamed asparagus, the New York strip, and the lyonnaise potatoes. Out of this world!!! The asparagus had this oil over it that was so yummy. The strip was cooked to perfection and the outside was blackened. They even brought over a side of bearnaise Incase we wanted which of course I tried and loved. The potatoes were outstanding. I was a little skeptical because they were served with caramelized onions which I don't like, but these potatoes were outstanding. Just the right amount of onion and seasoning with them, I would get it again in a heart beat. At this point we were way to stuffed to get dessert but I'm sure that would be phenomenal as well. 100% go here if you love steak and are looking for amazing food. I would come back to NOLA just to go back to this restaurant. !!!!!In town for a few days and the 4 of us were looking for a steak house.  This place was recommended to us. The food was top notch and our server, Brittney was awesome. She was very personable and made our dining experience memorable!I would have gladly given this resturant 5 Stars....but unfortunately I ate at the bar and the bartender was absolutely horrible and the most unprofessional person I have dealt with for a decade!
Nothing more terrible for a services staff employee to Rush a customer out of EMPTY bar and Restaurant!
The food was excellent and I highly recommend going this restaurant with one HUGE Caveat...DON'T EAR AT THE BAR EVER!!!Great steak and best crab cake i have ever had!   Highly recommend the place as everything about the evening was great.  Turtle soup very good as well.I planned a Christmas Eve dinner for my family at the beginning of the month and called and made a reservation. I got an email back confirming my reservation. On dec 22  at after 6pm I received a phone call from someone with very poor grammar, dialect, and social skills telling me they needed a credit card to confirm the reservation. I thought it was odd and might be a scam so I told them I was driving and would call them back. When I called back the next day they told me they just needed me to confirm the reservation and didn't need my credit card. Hmmmm... Very curious! 
When we got to the restaurant we were immediately seated but after we settled in the hostess came to our table and told us we needed to move. They were trying to accommodate a larger table (that we later saw was friends of the chef). We moved and they sent out some appetizers for the mistake. We ordered our meal and waited what seemed like an eternity for our food (and ended up missing midnight mass!). But the table that we were moved for was seated, served , and gone before we had gotten our food! 
The food was really good at the time....but I woke up xmas morning with food poisoning and have been sick all Christmas Day! I'm pretty sure it was the escargot that only I ate...It was delish! Great drinks & casual, nicely furnished lounge area up front so if you're looking for a nice, clean, air conditioned upper scaled (without being stuffy or snobbish) atmosphere, this is your place! The front area is first come first serve so you've got to kind of indiscreetly creep on the other patrons so you can swoop in & get their table when they're leaving! People are so friendly down south another couple actual asked to join us for drinks as they waited for their reserved table. The hostess says she'll watch get you a table (in lounge) be do your work, she got sidetracked & we missed the first table! Dining in the rear (make reservations) we shared a NY Steak, asparagus & lobster au gratin! Everything was amazing, hot & fresh! It's not a place anyone referred to us either which I was surprised by after eating there. This was our last night out & we'd done Bourbon St so it was a great place to be "in the mix" of downtown without being shoulder to shoulder with everyone in The Quarter.Had a lovely dinner last night. Service was exceptional, thanks to Jarrell, our captain.  A few members of our party were very happy with the coolinary specials. I was happy with my choice of Tuna  with Olive tapenade. Lovely atmosphere and eveningThe bar at Galatoire's 33 Bar & Steak serves, without a doubt, the best drinks in New Orleans....And I have to give kudos to Casey who was so good that we had to come back with friends to share the experience.  I had a special drink with bourbon which I cant remember what was in it..only that it was amazing....Casey made the experience so great...and she also made the best Mint Julep in the world.... ...Run ..don't walk...to this bar when you are in New Orleans...What a great place to eat and relax Adam was our server and constantly made sure we did not need anything. Had a 7oz filet with soup and appetizer and a great bottle of wine. My wife had the double lamb chops which were prepared perfectly. Anyone coming here will be extremely happy.Let me start by saying I don't know why this place is so popular.  It appears to have been around awhile, and caters to those who go just to say they went there.
My boyfriend and I had 6:30 reservations for a Saturday night and were probably among the youngest people there (we are in our mid-40's). I found this place on a New Orleans website, listing it as one of the most romantic restaurants to eat at. It couldn't be farther from the truth.  It was EXTREMELY loud. The floor is tile so there is no buffer for the noise. I felt like we were yelling across the table to have a conversation. I ordered a 7 oz. filet, medium. I told the server I like it slightly pink and that some restaurants even cook it "medium plus." The first time it was brought to me, it was rare. I sent it back a second time and it came back medium rare. By this time, my boyfriend was halfway done eating (I didn't want him to wait to eat his meal until I got mine. Why should his be cold?). The server then came out to ask if the chef could cook me a brand new one which i said okay to. That came out medium well. I ate it because I was starving by that point.
We stayed for dessert and ordered the Pecan pie. I am giving this one star for the dessert. And even after all of that, we weren't comped for anything, even an $8 dessert. This is some of the worst customer service I ever experienced. I've gotten better service at a chain steakhouse like Capital Grille which never disappoints. 
I don't think I'm a picky girl but if you advertise yourself as a steakhouse, be able to cook one as a customer orders, at least getting it right the second time.
Never.Going.Back.Food is okay and the service is under par. There are many other restaurants in New Orleans that are worth going too!Great dining experience overall,  a classic steakhouse with all the bells and whistles. 
Service was fantastic,  server was knowledgeable and pleasant.  
We shared the Burrada appetizer special,  it was really amazing and all the flavor combinations went together very well. 
My date and I also shared a Caesar salad which again was delicious.
We each had the 7 oz. filet, cooked perfectly. I included Bernaise for my sauce and my date had the horseradish cream.  But very good compliments.  We shared the duchess potatoes,  creamed spinach and roasted Brussel sprouts. The Brussel sprouts and creamed spinach fell short on my expectations,  both seemed like they had been sitting in a stream table for too long.  Not clean flavors like the rest of our meal. 
Overall a beo good dining experience and would definitely go back.We had an nice time here last night.  We were looking for a classy place but not too formal and this was the perfect choice.  My wife wanted to try 1/2 dozen of their charbroiled oysters while we were sitting at the bar and Robert, our bartender was very helpful in that regard.  She decided on a sampler that had 2 Rockefeller, 2 Thermidor and 2 Casino(which were her favorite).
They had an extensive wine list from which we ordered a glass of Grgich Hills Chardonnay for me and a Duckhorn Sauvignon Blanc for her.  My wife also tried their Flower Child drink which was very good according to her.
We would definitely return and Robert was a solid and friendly bartender.Our food and the wait staff were amazing, we have no complaints in that regard. Unfortunately while we were dining on our entrées a large party sat near us. They were INCREDIBLY LOUD and obnoxious. They had been drinking in the bar before being sat and were all clapping, yelling over each other and carrying on like nobody else was in the dining room. We, along with several other tables spoke to the manager about how they were ruining our experience. We had to yell across our small for top to hear each other and even that was difficult. The manager was curt, rude and didn't do anything to help with our experience. He never asked the table to be more considerate or seem to care about anyone else in the room besides the larger party. That table and the rude, arrogant and inconsiderate manager who was too much of a coward to approach their table will keep us from ever returning. Many patrons in the dining room were not in dress code and basic requirements for "upscale dining" were not followed. It was disappointing since we chose this restaurant and a restaurant with this price point expecting minimal expectations to be followed and going for a specific experience that typically comes when you elect to spend almost $100/head for your meal. It's unfortunate being that our food was so good and the serving staff did such a great job.You want be disappointed with Galatoire's!
The service was excellent. Started out with a couple of crab cakes, delicious full of crab with little to almost no filling. Ordered a couple a filets, oh so tender & juicy.
Tried those potato puffs, It's some kind of puffed potato with a delicious sauce. Those things are addicting, had to order them twice.
The Lobster Thermidor was so good! I did not find it salty like other yelpers mentioned.
Unfortunately, never tried dessert which means I'll have to come backWe came for a casual fun dinner in this newish bar. I hadn't been to Gallatoires for years but have memories of my favorite dish ever in Nola. I asked the waiter for this dish not on the menu and he made it happen. So amazing! I highly recommend this place for anyone visiting for a true Nola experience.Great service. Not the normal New Orleans dining but definitely up there with Morton's, Peter's, and others. 
Delicious food. Attentive servers. Upscale dining. A nice break from the strip.Atmosphere,food was outstanding. 
I had the 7oz fillet was outstanding. 
Shoestring fries and lobster was the best. The lobster bisque  was great! 
The potatoes au gratin was ok,on the cheese topping more of a crust.
I prefer mine more creamy. Thats just me.
But overall I would definitely recommendThis place was amazing! Our waiter, John Henry, was very attentive; he and the busboys kept our water glasses filled. The appetizers were especially good...I had the steak tartar and my husband had the tuna crudo. For our seconds, I had the potato leek soup which was very creamy and my husband had the Caesar salad. For dinner, I had the chicken special and my husband had the surf and turf with half a lobster. The steak was perfectly cooked and very tender; the lobster was sweet and not over cooked. The total cost wasn't any higher than any other upscale restaurant, we enjoyed every minute and will be back!