Amazing Food - really Fantastic food!!! Great ambiance, great music and drinks.  Hands down NOLA spot!!!Amazing atmosphere! We Had the fried chicken, dirty rice and their veggies, a the house favorite drink....and topped it off with bread pudding...one word, Amazing! Can't wait to visit once again!The raw oysters are good and cheap, at $8 for a half dozen. It tastes best with the horseradish.
There are not many other cheap options, though.Loved it, tasted fresh and deliciously seasoned! Great place to east if you're at the convention center and need a sitdown getaway.Great Food! Great Service! Great Cozy Atmosphere that was full and lively but not too loud! Loved everything here! We had chargrilled oysters!     Sangria!  9th Ward Smothered Chicken!  All great!!My Friend and I really enjoyed our Meals at Galliano s.She Had the Filet Mignon and I had the Catfish.The food there was very good,but unfortunately I cannot say much about the service.Our  waiter was very unfriendly,not sure why!I will still recommend Galliano to anyone planning on visiting NOLA because it is well worth it.Great for late night munchies!  Food was really good.  My wife had some fried steak, she licked the plate.  I had the pork chops it was huge enough to share.   The charbroiled oysters best I ever had.   
Cake was a bit pricey but I was in vaca so what the hell.In NOLA for three days and ate here twice because of the amazing food, excellent service and perfectly balanced atmosphere.  Fun, lively, calm and relaxed.  All at the same time.  Yummmmm!!Galliano's is outstanding!!!! Thank you for making our anniversary weekend wonderful!  Special shout out to Charlie, Doug, & Jasmine your authenticity truly is refreshing.  Love what you're doing here, much success to each of you and Galliano's.  Best blackened shrimp ever!!!!!!! Thanks for recommendation Doug.I stopped in here last Saturday night after a long day of site seeing. I wanted to watch the Penn State game but LSU was playing on all the sets-the hostess Jasmine immediately hooked me up by changing one of the sets at the bar-Ok now I'm happy- time for oysters-I asked the gentleman behind the bar what he recommended either baked or raw- Charlie Brown recommended the raw-and they were incredible. The Staff from the hostess, to the bar tender to the cook to the manager Dan from Jersey-They all really knew how to treat a guest. I then got some grilled oysters-amazing as well- I was drinking vodka and cranberry-and everything was just spot on and very affordable. I recommend this place to ANYONE who is in New Orleans-they are fantastic! Thanks Guys!Charlie Brown is one of the best bartenders ever! And then there is the food! Shrimp and Grits, Duck Wings and I could keep going! So good that we had to visit twice while we were in town!I have found my new favorite cajun/creole restaurant here in Nawlins. Where do I even begin? I was looking for a nice affordable 4+ stars restaurant near our hotel here in New Orleans and Galliano's popped up. My group was all-in to try a new place to eat. Made reservations  (a big plus for me) for 7:45pm and we were seated promptly at that time. We started out with two outstanding appetizers - the Jean Lafitte Gratin and the Chargrilled Oysters.  OMG,  they were both amazing. For entrees, (first of all our group shared each other's dishes) one of our group opted for the dish with two filet mignon pieces - one served with a Bearnaise sauce and the other with an au jus that contained small bits of beef. Amazing!! That dish came with collard greens that everyone agreed were some of the best we've ever tried. Another of our group opted for the Crawfish Pasta. This dish was loaded with fresh crawfish tails and loaded with flavor. The next of our group went with the Swordfish steak, which was one of their daily specials- another fabulous dish. I chose the Fried Chicken dinner. Honestly, some of the best fried chicken anywhere. The meat on the inside was tender and juicy and the crusty outside was crispy and well-seasoned. The side dish for my plate was Red Beans and Rice with a ham hock and Andouille sausage. These red beans were the best I've ever had.  We finished our meal by sharing a piece of Bread Pudding,  which was the perfect end to our evening.In town for a convention and found this place nearby. Corn and she-crab soup was pretty good. Could maybe use a touch more salt and a dash of sherry but overall tasty. The fried shrimp were delicious. Light batter and cooked perfectly. Would order again in a heartbeat. Total tab for one person with tip was just under $40 so not the cheapest but you get what you pay for. Would recommend to anyone in town by the convention center. Good stuff.What a gem!  This place has just delicious food. Alex took care of us so well that we will be back before we leave the Big Easy. Portions are large, the homemade sauces and remoulade are wonderful.Felt like some local authentic appetizers and a drink, so I ordered the fried gator and chargrilled oysters. They are both amazing!!!!!! The bees knees cocktail I got was seriously packing and the ambiance is cool.  Staff is super friendly and attentive. Prices are reasonable and items here are definitely worth every penny. Definitely good vibes all around. Will definitely be coming back and I recommend you do tooAwesome restaurant! I hosted a party here for my cousin after reserving a table for 15. By some unfortunate chance, nearly 22 people showed up & the staff was left with the daunting task of trying to accommodate my guests. I'm pretty sure they hated me at that moment, and that was perfectly suitable!
Anyway, they seated the other guests at nearby tables as they arrived (very close to ours). The staff was extremely patient and frequently asked if we were okay. Moreover, they stored his cupcakes in the back and carried the lit cupcakes (in our cake box) to the table right after our entrees (I provided my own candles; however, I believe they had some just in case). They went a step further by passing out the cupcakes, as well as, chocolate covered strawberries they refrigerated for us. Did I add how attentive they were? It was mainly one girl doing a superb job of tending to our entire party, but some of the other staff periodically checked in as well. 
The food was great! The birthday boy didn't care for some of his food, but I believe that was simply because he didn't give himself time to enjoy it. He was busy chatting and taking pictures. The 5-6 people I personally spoke with, myself included, really enjoyed the food. I had wild shrimp and rice--fried shrimp perfection! The chargrilled oysters tasted baked more than anything, but I was pleased with those as well. My mother enjoyed her fried oysters and crab and corn calas cakes, which were very crab-by. I heard good reviews about the popcorn shrimp as well. And the drinks...amaaaaazing! Their cocktails are absolute perfection. 
I will say that the wait for our entrees was pretty long, but I would have to blame the sporadic arrival times of our guests and unexpected larger party.  We wound up spending about 2 hours and 45 minutes there, but it was well worth it. They did an excellent job at correcting my party's mishaps. It was also their first large-size birthday party; I believe the restaurant is fairly new. You'd never think it was their first. 
I can't wait to go again! My biggest hassle in regards to eating here is parking. But, I'll find a means to dine here regardless of that. :)
-Great food 
-Amazing staff
-Tasteful drinks
-Beautiful, intimate space
-And TVs that do not take away from the restaurant's fine dining vibeDelicious crawfish pasta with a rich cheesy cream sauce and some nice toasted baguettes.  Saw other dishes go by that looked awesome.  $26 for the pasta dish which is literally nothing to me when I'm on an expense account.  Safe area at night and close to 4 Marriott hotels near the convention center.Holy Moley the tournado filet mignon cuts are banging and the okra with bacon was so good! Service was polite and attentive and the place for crowded with patrons quickly. The atmosphere is relaxed and the menu has lots of down home Cajun items for comfort foods. The dessert was also really heavenly (banana foster bread pudding). So good it should be illegal! The only reason I took a star off was one guy working there kept trying to take my food out from under me before I was done. After the third time I was kind of annoyed (even though his job was to take plates). It's like..hold up! The potions are big, I need a minute LOL!Great food, great service, great drinks!!!   We made a reservation, and i would highly recommend doing that.  We were seated immediately and our server was very knowledgeable about the menu.  There were 4 of us and we started with the duck wings and they were delicious.  Seafood platter ( grilled) was delicious.   
Highly recommend!Absolutely incredible food. Everything we ate was delicious. Duck wings! Pork Chop! Oysters! All top notch.Before flying back home tomorrow, we had to dine at Galliano's again.  This is by far my favorite restaurant in New Orleans and we eat at many of them each time we visit.  The chargrilled oysters are a little bit better than the famous Drago's, which are good as well.  The gumbo and shrimp and grits are the best that I've had.  If it's in season, finish your dining experience with the chocolate peanut butter cake.  
The manager and staff are very friendly and helpful!  We received a mini seminar on the process to harvest oysters to seeing them on the dinner plate.  We will be back!!!!!This place was so good I had to try it again 2 days later for lunch this time. First night we split the filet mignon, blackened catfish and seafood pasta. Everything was delicious. Topped it off with banana foster bread pudding. To die for. 
For lunch the BBQ shrimp po boy was amazing. The sauce and bread were so delicious. 
Please try them out. Prices very decent for the quality and quantity of food.First time in New Orleans and first time being exposed to the cuisine. Tried the Catfish Creole as it was recommended by the wait staff.   The catfish was lackluster however the shrimp & andouille creole it was served with was tasty.  Complementary hush puppies were a fun, region touch.Enjoyed the ambiance of the place. Good drinks. Food was definitely good. We started with a dozen raw oysters and drinks so by the time food arrived we weren't hungry enough to appreciate the seafood we ordered. That didn't stop us from splitting the chocolate cake for dessert though. Delicious dessert!Tried it for the first time tonight. Had the gumbo and the Creole. Wasn't impressed with either...We visited tonight right after the place opened. The oysters were delicious raw and charbroiled done up style. The soft shell crab and fried chicken were delicious. The red beans and rice were the best I've had since my last visit to New Orleans in 2010.Best Bloody Mary ever!!!!!!!!    The she-crab chowder is world class too! Lots of southern meals to chose from and you cannot go wrong. Pork chop is a must and the bread pudding is excellent. Nice place to eat and converse.Char-grilled oysters are amazing. We checked out ACME and Drago and these were my favorite. If you are debating between the fried chicken and the two filets go with the fried chicken. It's the. Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever. Atmosphere is very modern.Absolutely fantastic! Duck wings were tender juicy and full of flavor. Oysters are on par with rest of the city. Our waitress Kaylin (so?) was knowledgeable about gluten-free options for my husband but didn't hesitate to double check when my husband thought that having real jambalaya in NOLa was too good to be true. Turns out, it was gluten free and it was amazing. That said, I'm a born and raised southern girl and when I read "country-fried filet mignon," I thought now THAT is too good to be true. And when TWO pieces came out, I thought no way will I finish. I was right but for good reason, saving room for their bread pudding was a smart choice. On the list for next trip hands down!we are from out of town and although I'm from the east coast and we have amazing seafood, it's hard to find authentic Louisiana cooking. we came based on the reviews I found on yelp, and definitely was not disappointed! I personally had the crab étouffée for an appetizer, it had so much flavor and the perfect spice! then my ma and I shared the seafood platter and it was about the most amazing new orleans dish I have ever had. the price for the size is a little much but the food was so good you couldn't complain. we also had dessert afterward and the bread pudding was great but couldn't compare to some of the dishes  you'd find from my local area. but we also got the coconut cheese cake and I'm not a fan of cheesecake, but the crust and topping was so perfect I had no issue. definitely would come back!Awesome, casual and friendly restaurant. Stopped in because I was starving and the wonderful staff took great care in suggesting the perfect snack. Started with the oh so yummy hush puppies. The chicken andouille gumbo was a great balance of flavors and delicious. The fried oysters & caviar was full of powerful flavors and excellent. Plus the bartender knew how to make a perfect Sazarac! 
I brought 4 foodies here for dinner and they were all impressed with the food and outstanding service.Recommended by the hotel concierge for good, local Nawlins cuisine for lunch. He suggested the fried chicken. Located in a simple place with very relaxed, but the food was awesome. We both had the chargrilled. Surprised at how light the crowd was given the lunch hour. We were seated right away and waitress was friendly. Served a complimentary hush puppy starter with a sauce like a tarter sauce that were just ok, perhaps because they were room temperature. Were EACH mistakenly ordered the 12 oysters and a side of the shrimp and crawfish maque choux. We both ate EVERY oyster they were so good. The maque choux was was like very good.Even the restaurant is busy .. glad our order came fast...Food is good ..love the gambo okra.  The service is superb .. the staff is friendly .. specially Ron.. he is very attentive and takes his time in talking with us.The food here was some of the best we had during our trip to NOLA, everything we had was delicious! Our server was very nice, and patient as well while I made up my mind. I ended up getting the gumbo(our server told us it was the chef's grandmother's recipe) and a side of the crab étouffée, and my fiancé had the country fried filet mignon.  Everything was delicious, but the crab étouffée, which I mostly ordered because I'd never tried it before, ended up being one of my favorite things I had while in NOLA.I wish I could have been helpful in reviewing their oysters because it seems like that's what they are best known for. I ordered the andouille stuffed pork chop and it was absolutely massive. I have a voracious appetite and couldn't finish. I would recommend splitting it between two people. The cornbread dressing and red beans were outstanding sides to the perfectly cooked pork chop. I would have preferred however to have a much smaller portion (and to have paid less for it!). The hush puppies, served before the meal, were just-ok. Perfect flavor but a tad dry. I would love to come back because there are so many great options on their menu. Extremely friendly bar staff, as well.Blue Crab Gratin is food porn. Putting that Pork Chop in my mouth is the best memory of my entire 26 year life.Fabulous Charbroiled oysters!  The BBQ shrimp po-boy and the fried oyster po-boy was cooked to perfection!!!  I will be dining here again very soon.Great gumbo, oysters and filet tonight. Staff was wonderful and Elle at the bar is the best!Everything in this place is cooked to perfection! Even the hush puppies that they give as a courtesy are cooked phenomenally. I don't eat steak but my friends got the prime rib cooked medium well, they raved about it for the rest of the night. The side collard greens dish is sweet but smoky, and the mashed potatoes were amazing as well. The oysters were cooked good as well and the service was great, one of the managers came over to the table to ask us how everything was. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a place that serves seafood and steak.Had the pleasure of dining here recently and I have to say, it was a rather amazing visit! To start, our server, Cora, was absolutely incredible! She gave great suggestions and was always so prompt and polite! The food was even better and the atmosphere was very relaxing! Can't wait to go back!!!We ate here on a Saturday night during a busy convention week. Service was quite good. Char-broiled oysters were excellent, as were the raw. Entree, the fried seafood combination platter was a little disappointing. Martinis were quite good. Had the Mardi Gras King's cake for dessert which was wonderful, as were the flaming sherries jubilee. Atmosphere was pretty average, very bar like. Pork roast was very good as well, very heroic portions on that.We visited NewOrleans stayed around the corner from this spot! We were wowed!! The food was delicious, hot and right on point! We had the Charbroiled Oysters, the daily special Yellow Tail Snapper with Seafood topping and the Smothered Chicken!! Everything was scrumptious!!!! And the service was magnificent, very attentive and accommodating. We will visit againWe stumbled upon this place our first night in NOLA. We had a great experience! The popcorn Shrimp creole app was absolutely delicious! The Tequila Mule was tasty too! My favorite entree was the Pork Chop La Place. The 9th ward smothered chicken was pretty good but a tiny bit dry. Definitely recommend this place!Only one star for the treatment we received when we walked in the door and were scolded by the manager (?) "we don't open for another 7 minutes!" Apparently he was "briefing" his staff... two others behind us turned and left and went to the restaurant across the street. 
Food was very good and our waitress deserved 5 stars!This is a great restaurant near the convention center. The food is excellent here. The fried chicken was so tender and tasty. Good drink selection. Not a long wait time. Very good service. Cool atmosphere.Made my birthday dinner great!! Food was excellent and received a great birthday surprise from the staff. Only in town for the night and I will definitely visit again next time I'm in town! Thank you all!! Had the Gator appetizer, Chicken and okra gumbo, Pasta Monica, and pear crumble...would have taken pictures but the food was so good I forgot!Good food along with Great service equals a perfect ending to an Amazing trip.   If your looking for a slight twist to creole food then I would definitely recommend this restaurant as a must try.Fantastic drinks and fried chicken, would drive from L.A (Los Angeles) to get some of their fried chicken. Actually all their food is fantastic and their deserts are epicly good. So don't waste time looking for anything else just go and enjoy the food.Such an awesome restaurant! We went on a whim and couldn't have been more pleased! We had delicious raw oysters & hush puppies to start. For entrees we had the seafood platter, the fried catfish & the crawfish pasta. We each loved each of our dishes. Such good fresh flavors! For dessert between 3 people we are two of the Banana foster bread pudding. I believe it was some of the best bread pudding I have ever had. We didn't leave a crumb.Perfect place for us to have an amazing dinner at the bar. We had our 5 and 8 year old with us, and the staff was more than accommodating! Both asked to go back tonight again. The food was absolutely delicious!This place was amazing. I essentially chose it because it was the only place that I could get a last minute reservation for a party of five. I wasn't sure if the food would be up my alley as I'm not a huge seafood lover, but figured it fit the bill as an authentic New Orleans style creole restaurant. Our waiter (Dante) was so friendly and enthusiastic and convinced us to try some oysters which most of us were hesitant to try. They were delicious, as promised. Dinner was just as fabulous. I had the blackened drum fish, which was seasoned perfectly. The vegetables on the side were a mixture of cauliflower, brussels sprouts, greens, peas, and tomatoes. They were so flavorful and just crisp enough to be a great compliment to the fish. Every bite just made me happy. Everyone at our table chose different dishes (crawfish pasta, prime rib, fried shrimp, gumbo) and we were all very happy with our meals. I can't recommend this place enough.This is a review from an out-of-towner, so take the appropriate number of grains of salt when evaluating.
We came on a Sunday, and showed up before our reservation. The front desk was a little disorganized, but there were tables open and we were able to sit down right away. Ordered some cocktails, and upon request the waiter was more than happy to walk us through the menu and point out his favorites, noting when he wasn't able to evaluate the dish due to personal biases. Nice level of banter, and a pretty witty guy. 
To start ordered the chargrilled oysters (which were excellent), the crabcake app (lived in the Mid-Atlantic for a while, so was a bit underwhelmed), and got some fantastic seasoned hush puppies as the bread bowl. Followed with the "healthy" dish, which was a perfectly seasoned blackened drum. Also managed to try a very nicely seasoned she-crab chowder, which I would recommend. The shrimp that came out in a friend's dish were absolutely enormous, and looked well-prepared. Finished with a nicely done chocolate ganache cake.
Overall, for someone coming from the east/west coast this place is very good value for what you get, and at least everything we tried felt very consistent. There was a service stumble at the start, but everyone was very friendly about it. I would definitely recommend this place to someone looking for a place to grab dinner in the Warehouse District.
With that said, we went seafood all the way, and from what I can tell I'd probably stick to that strategy. Which, ummmm, the restaurant is bayou-based, so doesn't that make sense?Why go anywhere else?  EVERY DISH IS DELICIOUS!!!  Friendly, helpful staff.  Craft cocktails, beer, and good wine list.  Try the stuffed pork chop.  Don't mess around, go to Galliano!!!I'm not sure why this restaurant gets good reviews. I've been coming to NOLA for years and the food was mediocre at best. Don't order the seafood special - the fish was rubbery which didn't seem to bother the waiter. And they ran out of Bloody Mary mix so we couldn't even get a drink. Look elsewhere for good creole food.We had an amazing lunch here last week. The gator appetizer was one of the highlights but it was all great. Highly recommended!My wife and I were on our way to Texas. We decided to stop in New Orleans as neither of us have had the chance to visit the city before. After a bit of a walk from our hotel we decided to stop in Galliano's. I was beyond impressed.   Although we sat at the oyster bar. The gentleman loves his shucking and my goodness are the oysters wonderful! I had the Gumbo. Hands down a very tiny bowl of heaven! My wife had the duck wings, and they were blissful! This place is one that I will definitely make my way back to!This place is exceptional. Not overly fancy, just casual great food and drinks. I always make it a point to stop here when I am in town.Overall NOT great.  Went for lunch and dessert was the best part.  Good, actually.  Service was pretty bad and the waiter smelled like he just strolled in after a big night of drinking.  Like I said, pretty bad.  Don't think I will be going back.Went here the night our ship came into port. Very convenient 5 minute walk to restaurant. We started with the Chargrilled Oysters and Bayou La Fourche. I had the Crawfish Pasta Monica and my wife had the Pork Chop La Place which was a very large dinner. The food was great as was the service. Nice bottle of wine but no room for dessert. Our waiter asked us if we were going to the parade two blocks from the restaurant. We did not know anything about it since our ship just arrived in port. So we went to our first night Mardi Gras parade and had a great time.A cozy spot...great place for intimate dinner. We got seated by window great for people watching. Good cocktails and food had amazing flavors. Red beans and rice a tad salty but other than that everything else was great. Can't go wrong with this place I promise.Best charbroiled oysters I have ever eaten. My family, group of 17 went 2 days before Christmas and they accompanied us with smiles! Can't wait to go back!The hush puppies had a different spin on more like creole Cajun taste but they were great . The pork chop stuffed with red bean and rice it is ok but not worth the price and flavor is average. Size of this plate is great. The seafood platter is small and the fish had scales in it even drought it was filet. The fish is so small the palms of your hands are bigger the shrimp had flavor, the oysters where just like any fried oysters.Chargrilled oysters were good. Shrimp and grits were good. Grits were cooked well and flavorful. The bacon wrapped shrimp was awesome!! My fiancé had the crab au gratin and it was disgusting! Mostly bread crumbs and hardly no crab meat. Service was friendly and food was hit or miss.Food was amazing!!!  Family had Fried chicken, pot roast, fried catfish and alligator po' boy. Chicken was the best fried chicken i ever had. Pot roast was fork tender and even my kids liked the alligator.This an amazing place! The flavors were magical!  I thought the char-grilled oysters appetizer  would be difficult to beat, but both my blackened drum and my wife's creole catfish cleared that very high bar! I would highly recommend this restaurant to anybody who finds themselves in the warehouse district in New Orleans!!!This is the best restaurant in the area. The staff was on point...we were acknowledged quickly and directed to a cozy booth. Our waiter Fernando was perfect. He knew the dishes that were the most popular as well as the drinks. He also frequently checked on us to make sure that everything was okay. I ordered the fried filet mignon with dirty rice and bacon string beans...the dish was amazing...the flavors were outstanding and it totally hit the spot... This will be the first restaurant that I will go to the next time I am staying in the area.Right across from the convention center. Dropped in for lunch on a break. Interesting flavor, chocolate bitters in my old fashion (don't judge me for drinking an old fashion at 12:30!). Great fresh salad with butter lettuce, tomatoes, refreshing, light vinaigrette , hubs had the "Lent" gumbo served in a cast iron pot (cute touch) which was tasty, with a few nice pieces of fish/shrimp and the like - more soup than thick gumbo - with a small portion of rice. Overall great flavor.
I enjoyed the 2X fried duck wings with a chili-honey-yum glaze with blue cheese chunks and scallions - my ONLY complaint is that there wasn't a ton of meat on the wings - maybe the 2X cooking retracted the meat, maybe it was a fluke, maybe they were super fatty ducks and the double cook lost all their fat!! Whatever it was, if those things were meatier, oh my goodness......This was one of the best meals I had in new orleans (which is a compliment because this city knows how to cook). A friend and I shared many small items including their crab and cheese fondue, charred oysters, gumbo, and another gumbo esque dish (I think one had a red gravy and the other a brown gravy)..... We also had their amazing complimentary hush puppies. Every bite of food was delicious. The prices were reasonable for a nice restaurant. The service was attentive and friendly. I would highly recommend checking this restaurant out....your mouth will thank meDelicious food great service!  The raw oysters are good and cheap, at $8 for a half dozen.Delicious food!! I had the shrimp creole as an appetizer (we finished it before I could take a picture), fried chicken and bread pudding for desert. The shrimp was cooked to absolute perfection and perfectly seasoned. The fried chicken was some of the best I've ever had. Must try this place if you're in New Orleans!!Clearly an overwhelmed staff last night. Salads came out wrong. Two dinners came out cold. Joshua and the manager did theie darndest to make it up to us. Round of drinks, comped dessert and meals. Fries chicken was moist though and the wine was good. Maybe when they aren't so busy it all works..The Seafood Platter is one of the single best dishes I have EVER had. It was delicious. The shrimp is great. The fried oysters are fantastic. The crab and fish was amazing. I ordered a side of Chargrilled Oysters and they were on point too. Staff was friendly even though the Manager stopped at every table to say hi except mine. I didn't like that he did not stop at mine.I purchased the Cajun chicken bean & rice dinner.  I really liked the beans and rice but the breading was too much and the White meant was way to dry.   The dinner was extremely pricy at $20 for a basic over cooked chicken dinner.Was in New Orleans and the food was so good that I ate there twice.  First time we didn't have a reservation so had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  Had the gumbo, side of etouffee and side of vegetables.  Especially liked the veggies since the sauce was incredible.  A few days later I had their chargrilled oysters and the signature stuffed pork chop..... The pork chop was the bomb!  It came with beans and cornbread stuffing which was also delicious.  My sister had the drum fish with veggies which was also delicious.The food was wonderful, sat at the bar and the bartenders were great. Talked with the owner, very friendly and interacted with everyone along with helping serve. It was a great experience and am going back tonight.So disappointing! I went here based on all the great reviews...maybe the chef was off yesterday. The fried chicken was burnt and tasted like fried flour with NO seasoning. Red beans and rice were so OVER seasoned I could not eat it. The crab dip (forgot what it was called)...at $15 had NO crab I could taste or see. Hubby did enjoy the shrimp and grits but barely touched his jambalaya! It was our first meal in NOLA and just so disappointing. They did comp us for the fried chicken but should have known better that our to go chicken tenders would not be much better.#BradyEats NOLA! Just some awesome stuff here. While Michelle went with more seafood based options Josh our server highly recommended the double smoked pork chop with red beans and rice corn stuffing and just yummy Ness all around. Very wise choice. The meat was perfectly smoked pink; it's just very hard for any seasoned pit master to accomplish. You gotta try this if in NOLA. It's a chop, and uniquely great! 
Misses, oysters were still muddy. Gumbo & sides were rich & thick; a bit salty for me- and that's probably just my preference. 
Great for a professional crowd.Great food, and amazing atmosphere. The food is well priced and the service was top notch. Amazing food, drinks and dessert. I will definitely come back when in town.I loved the food, service and atmosphere! It was Southern comfort food with a modern twist! I had the country fried filet mignon and it was delicious! The servers and staff gave amazing service- very attentive and friendly!Great food. Fabulous service. I had the crawfish pasta over bread (sounds wired, but it works) and my husband had the fried oysters. Everything was fresh and absolutely delicious. The wine I had requested was out, so the waitress brought me samples of two other wines to try instead. On my last day in NOLA, I decided to try Mulate's across the street which was really disappointing. Sorry I didn't come back here instead.