Good time sushi? More like BEST! This is by far the best sushi place I've been in across the country and around the globe. This place may look a little rough around the edges, but the prices are better than Ive seen anywhere else in the world, and the quality is on par with the places that mark their prices up 30-40% because of their expensive location. Try the good time roll!Didn't expect to rate them a 5 star but I sat here asking myself why they were not a 5 star restaurant; I could find no reason. Firstly, I only order take-out so as far as serving I'm not qualified to speak on that. However, I often call ahead to place a crunchy roll order and unlike picking up your local chain pizza who say 30 minutes upwards, these restauranteurs have the roll ready to pick up in only 10 minutes oftentimes 5 minutes from the time I hang up the phone. I show up, pick up my order, pay, then I'm gone leaving a tip on occasion. Shame on me I know. The staff is very friendly and smile at me. 
Food: The crunchy roll comes with 8 sushi measuring nearly 2 inches in height a piece. I am given a to-go container with the commonplace wasabi, ginger, chopsticks, and two packets of soy sauce. Very good!First few times I ordered take out,it was really good,but over the year,it's regressed a little to me. Food doesn't quite do it for me anymore. They're in my neighborhood and I don't have many Sushi options,so they hit the spot for the moment. Hope it turns around,really liked this place!I've been coming here for 7+ years and have never been disappointed. The hibachi fried rice is always on point and sushi is delicious as well as affordable! My favorite spot.Delicious!!! I've passed this up for over a year bc of the outward appearance...I kicked myself yesterday when I finally tried it!!!! Sooooooo delicious! The crunchy calamari roll was amazing...tuna was fresh...squid salad was on point and the clear soup was delicious...beyond satisfied. Our server was so kind. I'll probably make this my every Monday lunch spot...Fantastic sushi!
Sushi for 10....and everyone loved it!  We eat sushi everywhere we go, and this was as good as our favorite place.  Everything was great.  They even brought out fried banana and iced cream for our birthday celebration.
It isn't much to look at, but its great sushi!I recently moved to New Orleans and I am sushi obsessed so you could imagine my uber excitement when I discovered Good Time Sushi! It a little hole in the wall establishment that you could easily drive by and not notice or not think to go inside of, so I am so glad I did and found what is probably going to be my new sushi spot.
My sushi tester is the Spicy Tuna Roll. Although it wasn't a great Spicy Tuna (it just was not spicy), it was still a good roll. Besides, I enjoyed the Rock N Roll a lot and from that alone, I could tell they make quality rolls.
In addition to those two rolls, I also ordered the Good Time Roll. This one was by far my favorite. You could taste the freshness of the fish and the craftsmanship as each piece went into your mouth.
Although their name suggests that they are all about the sushi, they also offer Japanese Hibachi food. I didn't try any this time so I cannot comment on its taste, but if their sushi is any indication, it should be good.I went here with such high expectations because of all of the reviews. I forgot to take into account that UNO students most likely are writing them and they live on ramen noodles. The sushi was fishy and highly over rated. The crunchy calamari roll was good. The squid salad was good, but the spicy tuna was a fishy mush. BBQ eel roll was ok. Good time roll was over rated as well. It's 13$ and not really a wow in flavor.I love the rolls here 
Salmon roll crawfish roll
I don't get to familiar with raw fish but I'd try a piece so as not to offend the chefSushi was very good and reasonably priced. The hibachi lunches were ok and the bento box was huge! Will return for sushi for sure!Great food, quick and very nice people there.  I was in the mood for some good sushi, but didn't feel like driving in the city or some crowed sushi bar. I did a search and this place looked promising, as we were pulling up it looked like it was some tiny shack. When we walked it was a shock how nice it was, comfortable layout enough for 20 or so people. We ordered a bunch of things to try out, Pot stickers were really good, had some kind of chicken on a stick, my wife liked it but i didn't. We got 3 rolls, crab, crawfish, and Rocky Road i think. All three were great. We split a Shrimp and Filet hibachi with Shrimp fried rice. The rice was massive and tasted great, not that boring dull flavor crap you get at most Asian restaurants. The Shrimp and Fillet were cooked perfect, great flavor seasoned well. We couldn't finish our food and awesome late night leftovers. This place is great because its out of the main area, easy parking, you get in and out quick, food is awesome and there even cheaper. I would rather go here then many big named places in the city.Tucked back off of Elysian Fields Ave in Gentilly, Good time sushi is a quaint little neighborhood sushi joint. It's very small, about 6 tables at most, but there's also seating at the sushi bar. Never judge a book by its cover! Because at first glance you may be skeptical about this place. However, after one bite, you'll see that GT can hang with the best of them. The fish is always fresh and they have a variety of familiar rolls. The snow crab and rock and rolls are my favorite. Their habachi is good too. My favorite is the chicken habachi rice. 
During lunch this place can get pretty packed. Generally in the evenings there's always space at the sushi bar. A lot of folks in the neighborhood opt for take out. It's really convenient and if you call ahead, it will be ready when you pick it up. 
I def recommend if you live in Lakeview/Gentilly.It's not mindblowingly awesome but it's a good lunch place for UNO students. For some reason, the snowcrab makes my stomach feel weird.I love this place. The Sushi is awesome. The volcano roll is the best in the city. The crazy to is a beast a must try!!! The place is small but it is all worth it. The service is quick and the people are nice. This is my favorite sushi spot.Great rolls and service. The Good Time Roll is one of the best in the city for looks and taste.Stopped in here for hibachi yesterday. It wasn't bad. There isn't a show, however. They only have regular tables in the dining area. No hibachi grill. So you order what you want and they bring it out from the kitchen already plated.
I wasn't hugely impressed, but it's close to the house, and I may return if I don't feel like going farther away.
I miss Calvin at Little Tokyo on N. Carrollton, but he's no longer there, so I'm gonna need to find a new spot.Don't let the unassuming location fool you! This is a great sushi place! I had the "Good Time roll" and it was delicious. It it one of those premium-type rolls that are sufficient for a meal for one person, if that person is not sharing. It was like a rainbow roll only there were different colored roes on top and an awesome sauce. 
The service was good and there is a nice, little sushi bar/counter. The prices are quite reasonable. This is so close to me, I'm sure to be a regular visitor.Russel is the man! Ask him for specials and what's good on the menu. He will point you in the right direction. When I moved to gentily the place was questionable from the looks of it but once you get past that, they make some pretty good sushi.Low key neighborhood sushi place.  The kitchen also has a good hibachi menu.  It's our go to weekly neighborhood spot.Goodtime is 5 stars, no doubt. First and foremost: what you should order that I've tried - I come here on my lunch break at least a couple times a week (it's that good) and I usually get a salmon avocado roll and a ginger salad. Both are exactly what you would want them to be (extremely fresh, good size) and also very well priced, especially when compared to other good/fresh sushi places. The crunchy roll is also very good, as in the crunchy calamari roll. But the salmon and avocado is so fresh that it just takes the cake. I've never tried any of the larger/fancier rolls, but only because I can't help but come here several times a week and I would go broke if I got anything more expensive than the simple rolls, but they're already so good here so why even push it?! GOODTIME - please don't raise your prices!!!! Also, the two servers I've had here are awesome. It's always the same two, guy and a girl, George and Lainey. They started remembering my orders really fast and make you always feel at home. The sushi chef is also extremely nice, gives great fast service, and does it well. Sushi is by far my favorite food and I definitely steer towards fresh, good quality fish more than frills and sauces, and if you like good quality sushi too then go to Goodtime!! I'll include a picture of my salmon avocado roll I had there recently. The fish portions are always huge so I had to take a picture!perfectly fry and seasoning on tempura super quick and friendly atmosphere I'm craving it all the time now!This place is an example of don't judge a book by its cover. Excellent sushi and fried rice. Good pricing and u are always greeted Immediately.By far, my favorite place for sushi. The service is quick and attentive. I've tried a variety of their sushi rolls and have never been disappointed. The rolls that should be cold always are when it arrives at the table. The same can be said if you order anything that requires cooking of some sort. 
I also love this place because it's the only sushi bar I've been to that offers reduced sodium soy sauce. I know this doesn't sound like much to most people, but I appreciate being able to taste my sushi and not just salt when I use soy sauce.
Try it once. I'm sure you'll go back again and again.Great food and prices! I go there a lot when I want some quick, authentic sushi!! They are busy on Friday nights but any other day is not too crowded. I love the fried rice With ginger dressing. I know it may sound weird but don't knock it until you try it. :)This is a fun place to eat, kinda quaint. It's a popular place to get pick-up to go. The building is relatively small so not a great amount of seating during busy hours, but seating is fine otherwise. Their lunch menu is reasonable, but I don't care as much for their dressing or miso soup as some other places. The guy that always seems to work there is so nice and remembers me when I have not been there in so long.Really good sushi, if your hungry try the crazy dog role very tastes. Also sit at the sushi bar and told to the chef he's super cool. Reasonably pricedGood food, the waitress was a little awkward, but besides that the rolls were good. Didn't really have a long wait hardly nobody was there. Nice place to have a quick dinner.Great service, though I've only ordered and picked up.  Great no frills sushi at a great price. The snow crab salad is my favorite; always fresh and plenty of it in a serving. The shrimp fried rice is mediocre at best. All of the rolls I've had have been awesome. One of my favorite sushi spots in the Big Easy.A great local spot for sushi! The staff is always friendly and the rolls are creative and delicious! The Good Time roll is one of my favorite.This is a good, no frills place for lunch or dinner. There are a few drawbacks. The rolls we had were HUGE! If you are into the large roll, than this might be your place. I like one or two bite rolls myself. The ones we had -- softshell crab, rock and roll, and gold roll -- were three or four bite pieces. Another drawback is no beer or wine. If you are looking for sushi in the area and don't want to travel far, though, this is a great place to stop in.Been going here for years! Love the food and service! Just wish they delivered! They're accommodating with my special requests as well - double salad instead of soup, no rice on the crawfish rolls, etc.It was edible. I was hungry and didn't want to drive too far  Service was ok. Ordered spicy tuna...and it was not spicy. I will try the habachi next time. Don't get any sushi rolls. There are better places in the city with better pricing. I love supporting my neighborhood eateries but this was a fail.Really tasty Miso soup. This was my first time to our neighbourhood  Sushi joint. Tasty spot close to homeGreat sushi and good service. The place is small and the parking can sometimes be tricky, but the food is worth it. The Good Time and the Baked Salmon Rolls are wonderful. All the standard rolls hold their own as well. The Hibachi is well done and the portions are a good size.I used to order from Good Time Sushi frequently but stopped after the recent reports of bugs in food. Tonight I decided to give them another chance and stoped on my way home to place an order. When I entered I told the waitress that I wanted to place a to-go order and picked up both the to-go menu and the roll menu. I read the roll menu, while the waitress was standing next to me watching me read the menu. After I selected my roll, I handed her the roll menu and ordered my roll. She said "but that's completely raw". I replied "what?" and she repeated her statement and the other waitress joined her. Both of them started telling me that it was all raw. I explained to them that I had just read the roll menu in a Sushi restaurant and was aware of what I was ordering. She suggested cooked rolls and I walked out. Either they don't want to sell sushi or they assumed that I don't eat sushi but either way I won't return.Passing by Good Time Sushi en route to UNO over the past few years, I always wondered (a) how it would do in this off-the-beaten-path location and (b) whether it was any good. Given that it's now been around for over 5 years, I figured it must have something going for it and finally got around to trying it today. I'm happy I did.
Amid a steady flow of customers (both in-house and take-out) service was fine. The Salmon Avocado Roll and Spicy Tuna Roll were both good, nothing more. The BBQ Eel Roll with some sort of sauce over it was very good. The surprise was the Sweet Potato Roll, served warm and unlike anything I've ever had before, yummily excellent.
I preceded these with the squid salad which had a generous amount of squid in it and just the right kick. Also excellent.
For such a small, simple establishment, I thought prices were a tad, say 10-15% high, but I suppose real estate even on Elysian Fields (not to mention everything else that goes into running a restaurant) has gotten more expensive these days.
A couple with two young kids sat at the table next to me. They said they'd been coming there for years and highly recommended the Volcano Roll which looked great. They added when the first came the thought it would be very, very good or very, very bad. Happily for all, it tuned out to be the former.Beyond awesome. We let the chefs choose our meal and it was a decision that we do not regret. The presentation and flavor were strongly complimented by the friendly banter and demeanor of staff. Highly recommended.Not the prettiest restaurant, but the food is to die for. Seriously, no matter who is making the sushi, it always comes out delicious. This is my new favorite place to eat.Very convenient if you attend  The University of New Orleans.  Definitely small inside.  There's someone present that prepare the sushi rolls and then there is a little area in the back where they actually make the more hibachi meals or cooked meals. Parking is also small. Again a very small but y wet comfy place. I had the miso  soup and the snow crab roll and the avocado roll. Pretty good and fresh might I add. My miso soup was good as well. The service was nice and she answered all my questions that I had about the menu. Nice good price for the quality. Definitely a nice go to area if traveling among Elysian Fields an d you just start feening for Sushi or Miso Soup.Usually I have a great experience, however today was not that day. Shrimp shells and egg shells were in my fried rice. Take out meal...
I did call to express my disappointment and was offered the courtesy of exchanging my meal. Unfortunately the family was already eating and I didn't want to make the drive.  every time I crunched on a shell. theworseDefinitely a hidden gem among Gentilly restaurants. The hibachi rice is to die for as is most things on the menu. The sushi is pretty good and definitely has made me a repeat customer. While they do not sell alcohol, they definitely make up for it with the flavor and variety of the food.I've eaten here a few times and the food and service have been consistent, visit to visit.  I've ordered from their very reasonably priced lunch menu each time, and am happy with the value and the food.
The restaurant is a small, but I've never had to wait for a table. I've noticed that a lot of folks stop by to pick up to go orders.  
Yesterday I had the lunch roll combo, and the snow crab and tuna rolls were both pretty fresh. My daughter loved her salmon box, and my husband said his fresh fish was O.K.  
The wait staff is really on top of their game, and it makes for a nice, casual dining experience.No matter when you go to good time, the food is fantastic!! I definitely recommend the hibachi salmon. Cooked to perfection. Rock n roll sushi is the best.This is my go-to spot for sushi. I live in the area, so I'm a regular. My favorite is the good times roll. I can't find a better roll anywhere else. The chef is very pleasant and always welcoming. Do yourself a favor! This is definitely a hole in the wall spot, a definite local favorite. Don't get trapped by touristy restaurants. Go here and eat like a local.Food here is good. No complaints. Great place to stop if you're heading home, call in to place order somehow this place is always busy with walk-ins and call orders. Again another good quick easy place in the surrounding area.This is my first time trying out this place and I'm glad I did! Their rolls were delicious! I think I may have found another sushi place to eat and I love the fact that it's near campus (UNO)! For appetizer, we had the squid salad and the seaweed salad. Both were very flavorful. We mixed them together to reduce a little bit of the saltiness of the squid salad. We tried 3 different rolls: the crazy dog roll, the gold roll, and the good time roll. All were really good but my fave would have to be the gold roll (the unlabeled photo below)! It's fried so the roll comes out warm and it just melts in your mouth! I would give this a five star but our waitress wasn't knowledgable of the dishes. Who knows, maybe she's new. But nonetheless, everything was great!Finally! I got my Hibachi crave satisfied! We ordered togo because the place was packed, but the 20 minute wait was well worth it! My only complaint is $0.50 for siracha... I spent $50 you would think the sauce would be free. We ordered CHICKEN Hibachi, Steak and Shrimp Hibachi, and a Poboy roll. Husband loved his roll! I HATE shrimp so can't give my input! The Hibachi was just right. Still NO stinking ginger sauce though. I guess I'm going to have to go back to Lil Tokyo!Great place for a quick bite to eat. Fast and friendly service...on a budget! Delicious Rock and Roll sushi roll.Good sushi! Not the best that i had but it's the closest to my house. I ordered the poboy roll with hibachi rice.This place is great, their sushi is so fresh and delicious. And the sushi chef is just the nicest guy ever - helped me break into my car when I had accidentally left the keys inside. I eat here at least once a month and am never unsatisfied.Their spicy tuna roll is the bomb.Great little neighborhood sushi place! Fresh fish and friendly staff! Wish yall would expand! Maybe you could try some specials or a happy hour that would attract uno students during the awkward time between lunch and dinner?Don't overlook this place! It truly is a hidden gem. I had the sushi dinner last night, and it was fantastic. First of all, the place is very clean. They wrap all the fish and have it neatly displayed where the sushi chef does his magic. The food never smells fishy which is a pretty clear sign it's fresh. I love getting miso soup and salad with my assorted sushi and roll (fyi: you're gonna want a tub of their salad dressing).The sushi was very good. The rice tastes so fresh and the fish was melting in my mouth. I would have given them four stars but the service was fair. Our waitress was not friendly at all and I had to ask for water refills. If I went to UNO or was in a rush, I would call my order in ahead of time for a pick up or would not consider eating there because I would be late! We waited an extended amount of time for our sushi but not for our hibachi food. I don't know that I would return.Very enjoyable! Was working in the area and saw good reviews on Yelp so I stopped by. Walking in the door the smell was wonderful. The servers were very nice. I had the snow crab roll and sweet potato roll and they were great!Firstly, I have no idea how this place has so many good reviews there are literally tons of other sushi restaurants in this city and this place is definitely WELL below the average.  Maybe I just had a uniquely bad experience idk, but I generally hate giving negative reviews unless it's absolutely horrible and believe me it was. I reviewed this on the other page for this place and didn't see this page at first. So now onto the review: Went for lunch here today, instead of my usual lunch dates @ Yummy Yummy Sushi, and I'm so disappointed. The bus boy was super nice and he's the only reason I'm not giving 1 star. The waitress paid us absolutely no attention except to bring us our food and bill (the bus boy brought us our drinks.) We had miso soup and shrimp tempura app and they were average. We ordered 4 rolls; crunchy,  philadelphia, shrimp tempura, and a special the crazy dog. The rolls came out quick but weren't rolled tight so everything would fall out as soon as you picked it up. To be honest the tuna actually looked like it was dyed pink, it was just a weird bright pink color, not fresh pink. I DO NOT RECOMMEND ORDERING THE CRAZY DOG! It was so gross neither of us touched it, fake crab crap with a sliver of cream cheese,  roe on top of only two of the pieces and sauce that left a bad taste in my mouth. I can feel my stomach bubbling now and hope I don't get sick. I know now to stay away.  I can't believe I just spent 50+  for this crap.Driving by this building you would never think to stop there for great sushi!  The fish was fresh. The sashimi dinner was a good amount of fish at a great price. The server was very nice,  she waited to bring everything at once though.  It was tough looking at my roll sitting at the bar all delicious like for 10 minutes while everything else was being prepared. Over all nice place and I would eat there again.Great service, and really fresh, and delicious sushi.
It's a small place, so if going for lunch, either go early or later.  
My favorite is the Good Times Roll.  Sooo good!Hate this fuckin place ! They over charged me  for shit that's normally a set price and fuck up orders! the girls are rude AF ! And there sushi is LOW quality at a high price ! Drive a little further for better food and service!If anybody knows me, then they know that my favorite sushi spot in New Orleans is Good Time Sushi. I've been eating here for years, and this was the place where I first tried sushi. My sister was getting sushi one day, and I was starving. She recommended the Rock 'n Roll for me, and I immediately fell in love with it. Now when I go, that's my go-to sushi roll as well as the Snowcrab roll. 
When I attended UNO, I ate here just about every week. I would take my friends here, and they fell in love, too. The atmosphere here is great. It's cozy and friendly. The people that work there will remember you by name (and your order) if you go there as much as I do.
I recommend just about anything on their menu. From the gyoza to the classic sushi rolls to the Crazy Dog roll. You'll love it.Went for lunch here today, instead of my usual lunch dates @ Yummy Yummy Sushi, and I'm so disappointed. The bus boy was super nice and he's the only reason I'm not giving 1 star. The waitress paid us absolutely no attention except to bring us our food and bill. We had miso soup and shrimp tempura app and they were average. We ordered 4 rolls; crunchy,  philadelphia, shrimp tempura, and a special the crazy dog. The rolls came out quick but weren't rolled tight so everything would fall out as soon as you picked it up. To be honest the tuna actually looked like it was dyed pink, it was just a weird pink color, not fresh pink. I DO NOT RECOMMEND ORDERING THE CRAZY DOG! It was so gross neither of us touched it, fake crab crap with a sliver of cream cheese and a sauce that left a bad taste in my mouth. I can feel my stomach bubbling now and hope I don't get sick. I know now to stay away.  I can't believe I just spent 50+  for this crap.4/5 fresh and solid choice
i wish this was closer to me, but anytime i find myself even remotely close to that side of elysian/gentilly i go through a serious set of questions to ask myself if i'm going to swing by.
it's a really simple operation, and efficient. you see the fish clearly a few steps into the place and can tell that it's going to be tasty in whatever roll combination you go for (and yes, i'm suggesting rolls and to pass over the other stuff...maybe you can get the tempura appy). i think the prices are fair and as others noted, i feel like i'm paying towards the quality and not the branding and whatever bells and whistles that you get at other places.
one note on one of the rolls: the eponymous good time roll is too much. like there is just so much going on! i get overwhelmed and simply do not have the chopsticks skill or mouth space to attempt eating that without biting a sliced piece in half. oh, actually another note: i am a fan of the fact that their tempura shrimp rolls come with 2 tempura in them, again i think they are a great example of great food without the need to try to make it fancy.WOW! One of the best places to go to. Filled with genuine atmosphere, great people, and delicious food. Hands down, one of the best sushi I've had for a while.My review was flagged and removed.  Not surprised, the owners think that serving fish that is going off is ok....The spot is way too small, but it doesn't take away from the quality of the food.  They do hibachi here, but there is no hibachi performance.  They prepare it in the back and bring it out to you, but it still tastes delicious, nonetheless. The noodle salad is also a really good appetizer while you wait for your food.
The sushi is by far some of the best quality I've had in the city, and it's ALWAYS fresh. I can dig it. Their pineapple fried rice is delicious. I t tastes like they make it with grape-seed oil, which is a plus, but I could be wrong...it could just be sesame or olive...don't quote me.
All of their entrees are delicious and the prices are super reasonable. Leaving 1 star off for the lack of a hibachi performance. :-)I really like this place.  I'm so happy someone introduced me to it recently.  If no one pointed it out, it's really easy to pass by without noticing because it's rather tiny and unobtrusive.  Don't let that deter you!  In terms of value and quality, it's one of my favorite lunch spots to go.  Plus it's super close to work/school at UNO, which is also a really huge plus.  Service has always been polite and prompt.   
I usually go with the sushi beginner's lunch or dinner.  For lunch, it's soup, salad, and 16 pieces of sushi for $9.95. Dinner is an extra $3.  I always leave stuffed and satisfied.  Their miso soup is darn near perfect!  My favorite roll here of those I've tried is probably the crunchy roll.  They are addictive.  And one of these days when I'm not stuffed at the end of the meal, I'm going for the ice cream tempura.  Yum!Amazing prices amazing sushi!! Not super fancy but it's still super good!! Give it a try and you won't regret it ! I promise ;) sushi is usually super expensive but at good time they have over 20 different rolls and the prices range from 3 -8$ super cheap! It's packed every time I come but service is fast. Hibachi is also really good even though I've only tried it once!I have to rate it a 3. It's not terrible but the sushi is limited. Compared to Yummy sushi and hibachi (which I gave 4 stars) this place is great for is value. Perfect for the person new to sushi.We have always enjoyed our sushi from here, it is a local hole in the wall and looks bad from outside but inside the staff is friendly and the sushi is good and very well priced I think! We order take-out from here quite a bit!Great place. I love the sushi!! The staff is very nice. The food is great and prices or great. Great neighborhood sushi spot.I'm not sure what happened to the wait staff; but all of the servers were newly hired. They were terrible! They were unfriendly and uninterested...completely removed from reality! The sushi chef was the same guy...he always makes great sushi! The service was a big let down though...not the great experience I'm used to having when visiting here.I enjoyed my crab roll. It was just what I wanted and the service was plesant. The presentation  of the roll was neat and not thrown together and the price  for the crab roll was very reasonable I could not resist so I ordered two. This business is a intimate setting,  is clean and always presentable.Sushi was amazing. You need to try the Yellowtail nigiri!!! If Russell is behind the bar you are in for a treat! And to top off the great sushi they have mochi! I'm a regular and continue to be wowed.Love this place. I live few blocks from there and I'm glad we have a really good sushi place near by. the fish is always fresh and delicious.My favorite lil neighborhood spot. It's my little secret. They are super friendly. I've eaten in at least 3-4 times since moving closer and ordered out dozens. It's cozy on the inside. All the rolls are awesome and the chicken wings with the wasabi sauce are good too.This is my absolute favorite sushi spot in New Orleans. The food is on point every single time whether it be sushi or hibachi. I always go here when I want to "treat myself" and it doesn't even burn a hole in my pocket! Other than the food, the staff is also very friendly. When I first started coming the owner Russell and his wife would make small talk with me and ask me how I was doing. Now every time I walk in they greet me by name. I think Russell is the only one who makes the sushi, and that's a difficult job to do by yourself, but he sure does move quickly. It doesn't mater how many orders he has, he always has my food ready within about 15 min (I always order for pick up) A truly brilliant family business! 10/10My wife and I ordered several dishes for take-out tonight. We hadn't eaten here in quite a while but I used to get it all the time when I worked at UNO. This little place packs a big punch. The sushi was fresh, and the hibachi dish was very tasty. I wanted to write a review because it's been a while since they had one. 
We had the hibachi chicken meal with salad and clear soup (all good), crunchy roll and tempura roll (all good), snow crab salad (average but not great), and the shrimp tempura app (tasty).  I'd order it all again. The food isn't omg-amazing, but it's certainly solid, fresh, and well worth the money. Great prices & nice folks!I'm going to be honest: the sushi is average. As a Gentilly girl, I will walk to this place weekly though because I'm just so happy it's there! The waiters are always sweet and the prices are fair. The more places to open in my little neighboorhood that's still struggling since katrina, the better.My favorite lil neighborhood spot. It's my little secret. They are super friendly. I've eaten in at least 3-4 times since moving closer and ordered out dozens. It's cozy on the inside. All the rolls are awesome and the chicken wings with the wasabi sauce are good too.Good Time Sushi is a bit of a haven for me. In the hustle and bustle of New Orleans, it's a clean, delicious restaurant. I'm a really big fan of their lunch menu. Think a salad, miso, two rolls and a drink for $14. The people who work their are extremely friendly. I go every week and enjoy it immensely.The prices for sushi might be the best in the city. The place is small and modest. Not ugly. Very attentive service. A great find in a more blue collar neighborhood. 
Very NOLA: good food without the pretentious hooplah. Like a divebar for sushi. There seem to be quite a few doctors coming here for take out...from a nearby hospital? Good endorsement...must be healthy? As for the food, the technique was more or less correct and the sushi was fresh and tasty. Some were better than others. For example, I liked their salmon and avocado, yellowtail roll and Good Time, but did not much care for the way they made the calamari and spicy tuna. I will probably end up going back here since it is in the neighborhood, but if I had to pick between these guys and Mikimoto, it would be the latter. Plus Mikimoto delivers, which is huge.