I have been to this location many times for pick up and have been extremely satisfied with the quality and taste. Today I decided to dine in and that ended up being a huge mistake. After placing my order I witnessed the atrocity of how the food is prepared. Out of the three people working the place, two were not wearing any form of gloves in preparing the food. The person working the register, who touches cash and cards, was bare handing the salad and chips into the serving trays. He also was seen wiping his nose multiple times prior to repeatedly cutting bread or again placing the salad / chips on the trays with his bare hands. This was not the only problem. He also had a rag he used to wipe down the area where food is prepared. This is the same rag he used to wipe his hands with (oh did I say he was wiping his nose and touching cash?) and while taking orders proceeded to place said rag in his arm pit. This rag used to wipe down where the food we eat is prepared. I thought this place was great and would rave to people to try it out, but unfortunately they have lost my business and I will spread the word of the disgusting atmosphere the food is prepared in.Awful service! The man taking our order was obviously unfit to work the register. Not only did he require cueing to provide us with change, but when he finally did, the amount was incorrect. He also recorded our order under the name "Claire" rather than "David," the name we provided. Because of this, our food sat on the pick up counter for an extra 10 minutes before I became impatient and checked the order details myself, realizing that it was ours. Not only was the food cold by then (40 minutes after or order was placed), but the chips were burnt and they neglected to provide salad dressing. And after this all, no one so much as offered an apology or seemed to care in the slightest. Needless to say, we will not be returning.Pretty standard sandwich place. I'm writing on behalf of myself and my two friends and we all agreed this place is around a 3 star establishment. 
I had the chicken and bacon sandwich while my friends had the breakfast sandwich. My sandwich although a good portion, lacked taste. It needed way more salt and tasted very dry. My friends found their sandwiches bland and also lacking salt. 
Not a bad option for a quick pick me up lunch or breakfast, but have definitely had better sandwiches elsewhere!Great Customer service!  The guys that run the place are very friendly, down-to-earth...They makes you feel welcome.  I had the hummus toast without the meat,  it was Delicious!  I will definitely go back!FINALLY A TRULY HEALTHY OPTION ON FRERET STREET!!!! Yes, you can still get your sandwich with plenty of mayo or special sauce, but Good Bird is a BLESSING to a grease-saturated Freret corridor with tasty smoothies, healthy salads and juicy chicken!!! It's obvious that these guys use only fresh ingredients but also that they value clean eating. As a neighborhood resident, they are a a blessing in great fresh food and super friendly staff! (Plus their chicken is out of this world!)I have only been here once, for a chicken sandwich after a tiring day of fishing. It was wonderful, the rotisserie chicken breast on a fresh bun with their Verde sauce was delightful.Yummy good ! I told 3 people they should try it. I don't eat bread that often but I do use veggie wraps for sandwiches, maybe they could offer that, I'd be back weekly for sure. Rotisserie chicken to go would be nice too. I know it is a small place and that may not be possible at this time. Good luck guys you are doing a great job.I was on there last night picking up a to go order. It's a small kitchen and you can see they are handmakimg the food. These guys were swamped with 10 orders and 2 cooks. Other people in there were complaining and one even left over the wait time. What I saw was two guys busting their asses to make all this food that randomly came in on a Tuesday night.  I think they did a great job all things considered. Oh and the food was great too.Delicious Southwest Salad. Quick and tasty. Very nice people. This was my second time. This one was even better than the last!Pretty good.  I'm a hard core fan of a great deli sandwich and I am excited to have a new and different option on Freret for quick eats.  I tried the Larry Bird.  The high points were the super fresh ingredients including perfect avocado, locally baked ciabatta bread and a tasty sauce.  The chicken is good, not spectacular, but with other great flavors, it doesn't need to be the star.  Bacon was the bonus the appreciates the value of every sandwich.
I will definitely go back to try the Bird Man Jr, I love a good slaw.  The chips are made in house, crispy, salted correctly and plentiful.  They aren't my favorite side show chip (Luca Eats holds that title), but they're a great compliment to the sandwich.  Price-wise it's reasonable, especially considering I had to break the sandwich and chips into two meals. I'd say the value is on point!  I'll be back!!Great food, friendly guys-A. Small dining area but enough room to grab a bite. Large portions, so prepare to have a to go box. Cleanliness- C-; attention to the front and back of the is needed.One of the best chicken sandwiches, I had the Bird Man Jr. Juice/smoothie was fantastic as well. Also a healthier sandwich with a good portion size; thought the price was a little high but the sandwich is huge and comes with chips.I don't know where to begin. Basically, the sandwiches are insanely good. I mean really, really good. The chicken is perfect, the bread is excellent. My friend and I split three sandwiches and all of them were different and delicious. The verde sauce is real. The HOMEMADE chips are killing it. Leo and the crew are great. Go there right now.Stopped in tonight on my way back from yoga and wanted to give the healthy option on Freret a try. Did not disappoint! So many great choices it was tough, but opted for the Green Bird sandwich (add chicken...yes they will ask even though its BIRD so that's good for the veggie crowd). Also had the side salad but will try the homemade chips at some point. 
Staff was friendly and helpful and thanked me by name. It's the old Liberty Cheesesteak location so not much done in space but a great grab and go.This place was great! Went with 4 other people(5 in total). Service was pretty fast. You order at a counter and sit at a table, and the food is brought to you. There wasn't a ton of seating space, but we got lucky and it emptied out as we ordered, so we were fine. It doesn't take very long to eat, so people won't stay very long. The sandwiches came with chips on the side. It was a bit on the pricier side, but the food was definitely good quality. Would absolutely return for a fun, quick, and filling meal especially when you want something with very fresh ingredients.I love love love that Good Bird uses bread from Breads on Oak and the homemade potato chips are perfect!! I had the Bird Man Jr. and it was delish! It was a bit on the spicy side for my palate, but totally worth it! I called my order in and got it to go, love that they use all paper (recyclable) to go products. I will definitely be back to try more.That's some good chicken!  My wife, toddler, and I polished off a whole chicken and a large salad.  (That was a first.)  Get some of the chimichurri and Larry Bird sauce on side the side - both great.  So much better than a grocery store chicken.  We'll be back.Loved this cute little place. Food was great and staff was pretty friendly. I got the Larry bird no tomato and it was to die for. It just kind of melted in my mouth. I could taste all the flavors one by one but then all together which made for an incredible combination. Prices are a little steep, but the sandwiches are filling and come with homemade chips. 
Overall great experience, however, there is little seating so plan on getting takeout.A friend & I tried this spot on Freret Street out recently (the old Philly Cheesesteak joint) & bit, are we glad we did.  I ordered the Southwest Cobb Salad with Chicken & a Toucan Sam Smoothie.  My friend got the Bueno Bowl & the Tree Bird Smoothie.  DELICIOUS, ALL OF IT.  Seriously legit dining option.Been here twice and I must say the Larry bird sandwich is the way to go ... They make potato chips in house they serve with the sandwiches..This is a welcome addition to Freret St. As a Tulane student I felt we really needed more restaurants closer to campus and this one did not disappoint. It's a very small interior so it gets very crowded. There isn't much room to sit down but if you come at an off time you can get seating. I had the "N.O Bird" sandwich which doesn't have chicken but was still fantastic. I liked how it has apples in it which was an unexpected twist.Relaxed, good tunes and awesome food. The Larry Bird was the perfect meal if you're looking for something healthy and reasonably priced. Just found my favorite spot on Freret.This place was is great! Small little build with a funky vibe! I love it! 
The staff was amazing and singing to music. The vibe is awesomeI love it! It's a good, delicious and healthy opportunity to eat breakfast, lunch or whatever. It also tasted very fresh. It's a small but also comfortable place.Great find on our way through NOLA today! I had the Sue Bird and it was BOMB! Even my finicky "meat eater" son enjoyed his Larry Bird. The place is VERY small, but the service is grand and done with what appears to be big hearts. I suggest stopping by and just maybe you'll get to hear one of the staff sing her medley of hits by Anita Baker...she does a damn good "Giving You the Best"!This spot we stumbled upon, literally. We walked past it the first time. Not a ton is seating but enough. Great little spot for your healthy side! Offer various chicken sandwiches, wraps, & salads. I had the smoothie that day.
As the new year approaches & many of us will be looking for something a little healthier. Try Good Bird! Located on Freret St the business there is booming!
Stop in at Good Bird & try one of their many Birds!Ok finally, I have found my go-to, "I just kinda want something lighter. Like a sandwich or salad" locally based restaurant (sorry Zoe's). The menu is short, but comprehensive and enough to make you want multiple things. The sandwiches are "guilt-free HEFTY" as in, you're definitely full but aren't too hard on yourself after. I especially loved their bread and am looking forward to trying the sour dough next visit. Salads are also large and definitely filling.The best rotisserie chicken I have ever tasted and on top of a bed of fresh greens is my new go to on the way home from work!! Take out is excellent and friendly folks working there!Amazing!!! I had it last night and I'm already going back again tonight ... had the N.O. Bird except added chicken and as a wrap! The chicken and sauce are delicious!Unbelievable!!! The best avocado toast I have ever had!! There must be salted butter on the toast. Pulled chicken is fabulous.YALL. Every time I eat here my mouth is as pleased as my body. Healthy and tasty. WHAT 
The NO panini is fantastic and so is the good bird. Their smoothies are super delicious and you can add other stuff to it if it doesn't come in it already. And everyone that works there is so attractive!?!Staff were very friendly
Had the hummingbird (with hummus) and chicken - was amazing. Vegetables were crisp and fresh. 
Only a few tables inside - only downsideDelicious, fresh made sandwiches with friendly service. Tight quarters with limited seating so be advised.So good! The Sue Bird is my favorite. I could eat it everyday. Mixed greens & sweet potatoes belong together.I just came here for the first time, and the chicken is really great. I got the birdman jr, and savored every bite. I'll for sure be coming back.When this place first opened I'm sure I ate their at least 3 times a week. I Love the Larry Bird Jr.
Took a break from it for a few months and recently went back to be extremely disappointed! The aoli sauce has been changed, the chicken was bland and they didnt have any wraps!For the most part A+, but for an $18 salad I don't think the greens should have black edges...organic or not.Best chicken sandwiches in the city.  Try the good bird sandwich you will love it. Also the fresh cut fried potato chips are very tasty. I eat here every week. Another cool concept on freret streetOrdered the breakfast sandwich without realizing it came dressed with lettuce, tomato and mayo. Because it didn't say that on the menu. And it's breakfast. And that sounds gross. When I said, "I didn't realize this came dressed," the response I got was, "Yeah...it's a sandwich... *blank stare* ...Do you want me to remake it?" I said I did and a few minutes later I was served a plate of cold eggs, sausage and cheese all separate and with no bread. Your food is fine, but your costumer service is shit.I ordered "Larry Bird."  Was off the chain.   Caint forget about the in house chips.  Great service.  Great product.Do yourself a favor and visit good bird. You will be impressed with the food quality and consistently of there rotisserie chicken sandwiches. Best in town. They have two locations and based on how busy the Freret location is I suspect additional locations will be opening soon. This location is small offers a few seats for in store seating but majority of business is takeout. They also have their own App in the Apple store to place orders thru. Definitely worth visiting weekly.  That's what I do.Soooo good! Exceeded my expectations! We got the Larry Bird and the bird man jr! So so so tasty! I really liked the bird man jr! Everything went very well together! The pickles tasted homemade, don't know if they are but they were so good. Chips are homemade, though and those were awesome!! Everyone was super nice, too. I almost went back today to get a bird man again but it was so cold outside, I didn't want to have to park and walk!  and then go back to my car, in the cold. So glad I got to try this place though. Definitely will be back!As I left work, I craved some healthy tastiness. This is exactly what my boyfriend and I wanted. Their salads were so flavorful and their chicken was on point. The two men working were very nice and friendly. Highly recommend if you're wanting a super tasty sandwich or salad. This is now going to be our go-to!!!Don't know if the hype is established for this place yet, but it is absolutely FANTASTIC.
Wandered in this morning in the rain after a failed expedition to try to get Bearhat Cafe. I loathe waiting so we just kept walking to find a place serving breakfast-y food down Freret.
From the outside it was difficult to discern if the restaurant was open, we were only assured when we saw someone sitting in the bar by the window. When we popped in the two guys working were so nice and welcoming. The menu is fantastic--most everything is under ten bucks, great tasty combinations in each dish and a lot was vegetarian friendly and/or health conscious.
I had the sunrise bowl and WOW, it was a symphony all up in my FACE. Every. Single. Component. Of the bowl was seasoned. Everything just popped and melded and morphed together so well. I was admiring that one can see that the sliced avocado was individually salted and peppered. It sounds so simple but it's something so many places just don't do and I don't understand it!
Boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich and loved it--it was perfect. The bread was just toasted enough so the egg could soak into the bread, the tomato jam was sweet and complimented the richness of the egg well. We could have easily eaten two or three more things from the menu even though we were full. It was all simply so fantastic. Can't wait to come back and sample more!
ALSO--OLD BAY CHIPS. THEY ARE FIRE.I had seen good bird around and thought to myself, whats all the fuss?? its rotisserie chicken in a sandwich, how good can it be? uhhhh... yes, its that good, and I dont know why or how because I've eaten plenty rotisserie chicken and its never tasted like this. 
First, the sandwiches are huge.  I could have split one.  Especially with a side salad (also large portion) instead of chips.  Then the bread, this ciabatta bread is the perfect vessel - sturdy outside, soft inside.  Its fresh, locally made bread too.  I got the Larry Bird.  Bacon, avo, lettuce, tom, aioli.  I could have done without the bacon - I KNOW...who says that?? But really, the chicken is great on its own.  Its probably the aioli that just tops it off because the lemon dressing on my side salad was also devine!Correct me if I'm mistaken but I'm pretty sure dat dog and liberty cheese steak have all started in this little shop! 
That being said, Good Bird is none other then fabulous! Its a small shop with not much steering but don't let that steer you out of the place! love getting the quinoa bowls which are packed with protein and greens! Large portions! I also love the Mediterranean bowl.Awesome place, birdman junior was delicious! Tried my friends salad and their dressing was bomb. Staff was friendly. Would definitely come back again, the only critique I have is that the chips and sandwich bread was a little too greasy for my liking.Absolutely love this place! I've been there 4 times and it's never disappointed! Their birdman junior sandwich is lit and my FAV salad is the southwest cobb! The guys working are very polite and helpful. Great customer service and even better food!!Yes yes and yes! SO good and fresh! I'd eat here every day if I could. Had the Mediterranean bowl, add chicken. A little bit overly dressed but now that I know, I'll order it lighter next time. SO good!Amazing service and great food! Being vegan I didn't think I would be able to eat anything here then a coworker told me about their smoothies, which are all vegan, I checked out the menu and I have some options there! The green bird is so tasty, gotta love a good pesto. The woman who manages or possibly owns the place is so passionate and everyone else there seems proud to work in there. Check them out for some great quality food and service.I loooove good bird. Sometimes the chicken is a little dry, but most of the time their rotisserie chicken is sooo good. A bit pricey for sandwiches, about $10 to start and another $3 to add avocado or an egg. Not many side or drink options but the food is very good.Got a Larry Bird to go today, and was pretty disappointed in the quality. Not sure if it was just a bad day for the restaurant or what, but they left off the avocado, and the chicken was little dry crumbles instead of juicy slices/chunks. Super disappointing, especially considering the sandwich and chips were about $15.Love the Larry bird and hummingbird salad the most! This is an amazing sandwich and salad shop and I love their loyalty punch cards.Nom nom. I had the Birdman Jr at the behest of a good friend who knows her nosh.  The Magic Johnson is, well, magical. Combined with the pickles slaw and rotisserie chicken on toasted sourdough=craveworthy. 
The quarters are a little tight but it's a modest menu that does everything well. Vegan options and homemade chips!!!
Pro tip: would love to see iced drinks as you expand.Hadn't been here before but easily the best place on the block. The service and food was great. Birdman Jr. is a must tryI got the birdman jr. it was sooo good! only thing that could've been better was the bread, i wish they still had ciabatta!PLEASE EXPAND TO MAGAZINE STREET!
Good Bird is everything we need in the 3000 or so blocks of Magazine: affordably priced, high quality rotisserie chicken based sandwiches and salads with surprisingly tasty but not overpowering sauces and dressings.
BIRD MAN JR.
Generously chopped chicken, Swiss cheese, and slaw in a Magic Johnson special sauce with pickles is pretty darn perfect - it even comes with a handful of their house made chips for just $11!Popped in here to grab to-go lunch today. Ordered the Eagle st salad and added chicken & avocado. It was delicious and very fresh tasting. Waited less than 10 minutes for my food, but it wasn't very busy at all. Taking a star away because the customer service is seriously lacking. The employee working the counter had an attitude and seemed like she didn't want to be there. She sort of "barked" at me when I walked in telling me to step out until the other customer was finished ordering. Maybe some signage on your door if you only want one person in at a time? Will definitely give this place another try and hopefully the customer service is better next time.Just picked up a $16 sandwich and it was 1/3 of the size it normally is. Missing ingredients as well. Money can be much better spent elsewhere.Favorite lunch spot with incredible food-- the very best ingredients and wonderful people working here. Sandwiches are out of this world and the house made chips are fire. But don't sleep on the salads! Eagle St + rotisserie chicken is a go to.Small joint. Nice sandwiches. I ordered the Larry Bird and my husband ordered the Good Bird I think. We both enjoyed our choices. The side chips were really good! Its a perfect meal for summer! I would def go back when I want a fresh light meal! 4 stars because its def not a 5 star kind of place for me AND I was hot lol I appreciated ac when eating out during summer in Nola.I found a bone in my sandwich! I ordered the Larry Bird and asked if I could sub the bacon for cheese. The woman said yes and then on the receipt I was charged $2 extra. So now I've ordered a $15 sandwich (which I understand some places won't sub items so I was ok with it), so I'm expecting it to be pretty damn good. On maybe my second bite, I bite into something so hard my tooth ached. I pull out this long 2 inch bone...GROSS. I couldn't even finish the rest of my sandwich in fear there would be more bones. Maybe I'll try to give them another chance with their veggie sandwich, but not going back any time soon.Lucky me I live quite close to the one on Freret street so this is our go to when we don't have dinner plans. We usually place an order online and pick it up. If you want to dine in it is a small space so seating is limited. 
I always get The Birdman Jr love the purple slaw and the pickles. Hubby has had The N O Bird Panini which he shared a bite with me. Also very good. They come with house made potato chips that are seasoned deliciously. The sandwiches are quite large can share or have lunch the next day! Not a big smoothie person so have not tried them. The Mediterranean Bowl looks like a good obsession.  
The staff is always friendly and very accommodating when we come in to pick up.What an incredible place...and all because of one special employee: Talia. Her sandwiches hit different and she's an absolutely delightful soul. Make sure to go during her shift -- you won't regret it. She's hot as frick. Her eyes pierce your soul...in a good way. Long story short -- this girl rocks my world and she crafts sandwiches like a goddess.So glad I got to try this place!! I was craving a sandwich and decided it was time to try Good Bird! I am so in love with it! I ate inside, which is pretty small, but there were a lot of people who came in to pick up orders they had called in! It's a great option for a nice lunch! I got the Birdman Jr ! It was so tasty! The aioli it comes with just makes it sooo good!! It also came with house made chips that were crunchy and delicious! I definitely will be coming back here, and maybe try a salad next time!craving a panini during month six of my pregnancy and day 7000 of coronavirus. i got the N.O. bird panini, partner ordered the larry bird but got the birdman jr. sandwiches were $25 out the door and tiny. currently still hungry. ‍Love this place!!! It's walking distance from my house. Decently healthy restaurants in New Orleans are few and far between but Good Bird is a great choice for people who want a fresh, light lunch. Definitely recommendWhile Good Bird has yummy chicken, they can't seem to follow simple order notes. I asked for white meat chicken, romaine, and lemon vin. That's it. Literally three ingredients. Instead they gave me spring mix. I have a serious digestive disease and can't eat spring mix. Like seriously! How hard is it to follow those simple instructions?! Multiple times I've been there ( I used to go quite regularly but stopped after romaine was recalled) and I used to love them, but their quality control... SUCKS. If their rotisserie chicken wasn't good this post would have gotten two stars.Wow, I was shocked to find seriously spoiled kale in my $13 salad. Look closely. You will see black ends on those kale stems. It even had a bad odor when I took the first bite. Seriously not edible. Save yourself the trouble of picking out the edibles from the inedible parts. Ship this "Good" Bird and go elsewhere. Yuck!It was a decent sandwich but nothing to write home about. The sandwich I ordered lacked some depth in the flavor department. Would go back to give it another try but maybe switching up the sandwich to a wrap or salad.Food was very heavily sauced but tasty. The staff were very very rude. No manners and pushy. This is what will run a local biz into the ground with so many other food options.Went here for lunch and it was great! The Larry Bird was delicious and although the space was tiny and there was limited seating, overall pretty great! Coworker had the Bird Man and said it was bomb as well. Definitely come here for great sandwich and lunch.Update 1 year later I order same thing, (second photo) even smaller wrap and even less chicken. UnbelievableSOOOO GOOD!!! The vegiterian sandwich with the apples has to be one of my favorite sandwiches I've ever had. No lie. Special spot.Easily my favorite salad spot in Nola. It's a tad bit on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for - fresh ingredients, generous portions, friendly people, and in-house roasted chicken. Eagle street + rotisserie is always my go-to!Went here for the first time today, and it was better than expected! So good with fresh ingredients. The inside is pretty small, so I would not go here in big groups. The sandwiches come with chips, and it was all really great; definitely will be coming back! I got the N.O. Bird PaniniOrdered lunch for pickup, for our staff at work.  It was a large order (30 sandwiches) and everything was perfect.
Staff was friendly and very efficient.
During these rough times, it's more important than ever to support small local businesses like this.
Y'all are GREAT birds in my book!One of the best sandwiches I've ever had hands down. Can't stop thinking about this place!! Mad I didn't go soonerI love the food here but the service is terrible!  I got to the shop at 10:45 (opens at 9) and the door was locked. The woman who worked there got up from the table where she was eating, opened the door, did not greet me and sat back down to keep eating. I had to ask if the store was open and if I could order. No one thanked me or acknowledged me. While I love the food I'm reluctant to go back until the service improves.No bueno. After lots of hype and good reviews I wanted to like this place-but there were a few things I just can't get past. First of all, we called to order takeout and we were met with a ringing phone for long enough we assumed they were closed (made worse by the fact that they were not busy at all when we got there...but I digress). We looked online to make sure they were open and found the online ordering feature. Look, it's fine if you're an online-only orders place but you should at least have a voicemail stating that or answer your phone and tell people so they don't assume you're closed. 
Before I get to the food, I also want to point out that the floors were wet (not in a, "just-mopped" kinda way but more like, "can't be bothered" way) and another customer and I almost slipped walking in. 
So for the food. We ordered the Good Bird and the Larry Bird Jr. My Larry bird had so many bones in the chicken that it got to the point where I was hesitant to take a bite because of being afraid of crunching. I can't even tell you how off-putting that is, especially when you pay $15 for it. Also, for having the reputation of a "light" sandwich place, this food is heavy and leaves you very full. I don't know if I got a bad batch? Who knows. Even after all this, I would still consider returning to try the vegetarian options and salads but no one I was with will be returning for anything with that chicken again. 
Normally I'd overlook all the other things if the food was good. But for the prices they charge ($13-$16 per sandwich), I feel like you just deserve more than bones and gristle.I came here for lunch over the summer to catch up with a friend. The place is quite tiny with limited seating, but provided plenty of good menu choices. We ordered their Larry Bird, Birdman Jr, and Pink Flamingo Smoothies.
We sat at one of the three tables and the food did not take too long to come out. The sandwiches looked tasty and came with house made chips, so we were in for a complete meal. Taking my first bite, it tasted healthy and I liked it. I felt like the chicken could have been seasoned a bit more though. The chips were good and had a nice crunch. We enjoyed our smoothies and we were completely stuffed. 
Overall, I enjoyed the healthy options Good Bird offered and the staff were friendly. I can appreciate the free range, hormone free, and antibiotic free chicken that they use. I will be sure to come back to try different options.