Good variety of vegan fare. We had the Everything Plate (enough to share) and the Malaysian Curry Bowl. All quite tasty. Very casual and quiet. Friendly staff. I didn't try the smoothies or coffee but they seemed to be popular.I was staying at the hostel around the corner for 6 days and came here almost every morning for coffee and breakfast. The coffee drinks are delectable and wish I could've tried them all. The food is delicious as well. Believe me, you don't have to be a vegan or vegetarian to seriously enjoy the food and drink at Good Karma Cafe. This spot has a nice vibe and friendly staff, too. Go check it out now!Absolutely awesome! Vegan love pure and crazy friendly stuff. Definitely worth while for anyone that is looking for some good vegan options!My wife and I visited Good Karma via a Groupon. We had never heard of this place nor heard anything about it. We took a chance were glad we did. I got the Good Karma plate which was fantastic. Believe it came with a vegetable Dahl type soup and spinach mixture (like Indian saag) with potatoes and tofu.  It also came with a salad and rice. I don't know what kind of salad dressing the salad came with but it worked. The wife had a falafel wrap which she really enjoyed. The workers were nice and inviting. They even let us sample food before ordering. Hibiscus tea was complementary. I will definitely be coming back.This cafe is a gem.  I enjoyed the veggie burger and soup of the day along with the matcha smoothie.  Everything was flavorful and fresh.  I wasn't a fan of the bun with the veggie burger so I am not sure if they offer a lettuce or collard wrap option.  I will ask on my next visit.  Many options here.  Also tried the house chai It was very good and I'm a chai snob. The cafe was clean and well kept.  Staff enjoyed their job and eager to share about their favorites.First off, it should be noted that I am in fact not vegan or even vegetarian. That said, this place is so great and amazingly delicious that it is making me question my life choices. I had an almond milk cardamom latte, expertly prepared to perfection by the skillful barista and owner. I generally take my coffee with copious, "don't judge me" amounts of cream and sugar. People, I can barely articulate how effing delicious this latte was. It needed absolutely nothing. It was perfect like Mary Poppins... 
I also had the Buddha bagel with sundried tomato vegan cream cheese spread. The Buddha bagel was amazing, but I just want to acknowledge that this vegan cream cheese sundried tomato spread changed everything. It was so good that I want it on every bagel I ever put in my mouth from now on. I loved everything about my meal and I'll definitely be back for more delicious coffee and Good Karma.The other day after my dentist appointment (no cavities, yay!) down the road a bit, I found myself in need of a smoothie. Yelp pointed me in the direction of Good Karma Cafe, located in the same lovely house as one of my favorite yoga studios in the city. I've been meaning to get out to this spot for over a year now, having heard only great things about it. Besides, you have to support the very far and few between vegan eateries in this city. My problem is that I rarely eat lunch out and Good Karma doesn't serve dinner (I wish they'd start!) so that's my excuse for it taking me forever and a day to finally try it out.
Let's just say that one glance at the menu and the food coming out of the kitchen has me vowing to come back and grab food to go as soon as possible. And my Tropical Delight smoothie? Pure nirvana! I'm glad that the banana didn't overpower the other fruit, as it often does, and it was perfectly sweet (lately I've been ordering smoothies that leave a lot to be desired. I don't need them sugary sweet, but I don't want them to taste like unripened fruit either). I also grabbed a Girls Gone Vegan lemon bar for later. So cool that they have tempting vegan baked goods here.
To give you an idea of the space- I used to practice yoga in this room years ago and found it to be really inviting, good vibes throughout. Now they've added a variety of typical tables, but also a long low table and banquet and the ceiling is festooned with Moroccan lanterns. It's really nice! Again, I just wish they'd do dinner a couple times a week so I could practice upstairs and then get a healthy, tasty dinner after my class. A girl can dream.
It has taken me far too long to get to Good Karma, but now that I have, I will make it a point to go back whenever I'm in Mid City and in need of a hearty vegan lunch, smoothie or Girls Gone Vegan baked good.Food is so tasty.
Healthy vegan options. The curry was very good. A little pricier than I might like but you know, considering this is one of the only vegetarian/vegan places that I have found in town it is worth it. Sometimes you just need a healthier option, and good karma cafe can do that for you.
Enter through the side door, not through the door on Canal.
Pop-up on Sundays also had some good options. I ordered chilaquiles that were tasty but likewise a little pricyI need more Good Karma in my life. This place has become a go to for me. I eat a mostly plant based diet and these guys keep me healthy and happy. The food tastes amazing and the staff is delightful. The fresh made almond milk is great! I love the NOT dogs, the Nutty Bliss Smoothie (no bananas), the Curry Bowl and the Bagels.Amazing, healthy alternative to a Popeyes and king cake filled weekend. The Malaysian curry bowl is to die for!Upma is a fresh, healthy, energizing and totally original way to start the day. This spot is a gem.Few vegan places in New Orleans but this charming with good vibes place did not disappoint. Place on the side or in the back of a yoga studio and it is just adorable - music, lights, wi fi, outlets to charge your devices. Staff is super sweet & helpful. I ordered the everything plate ($15) that was presented beautifully and it would feed 2. It was flavorful & fresh. I have the biggest sweet tooth so I ordered the espresso cake ($4) and oh my goodness, it was moist and incredible.The air was different as soon as we walked in. So good!!! The food was amazing. I wish I found this place sooner and we would have eaten here every day instead of on the last day of our trip!!!!Feeling hungry and want some food that will also make you feel fantastic afterwards? Come here. The everything plate is amazing and could easily be split between two people, or maybe one hungry breastfeeding momma ! Every part of the food was really good, even the salad. The coffee bar selection was awesome, I especially loved that they had almond and coconut milk. On top of all the food and drinks, I knew I would love this place because of the atmosphere. It's a cozy place inside a yoga studio with gorgeous theme and colors which creates a relaxing and welcoming environment for all.Yum, yum, yum! Cozy little spot, sort of tucked away on Canal St. Everything is healthy and lovely!Authentic food and folks. Consistently my favorite place to go to get a meal that is bursting with flavor and makes my body feel full, nourished, healthy, and strong. The friendliest and most sincere of service. A wonderful, healing environment. If I want to feel good physically and mentally I go here!Good Karma is connected to a beautiful yoga studio. It has a calming energy, an outdoor eating space with lots of greenery, and amazing food. I would recommend the fire burger and their coffee. I love this place.Great place for vegetarians/vegans, to actually have soy protein in NOLA is wonderful.  The Malaysian curry I had was good and had good portions and nice vegetables.  The setting is laid back but also quiet and clean.  The art is nice and the bathrooms might be in the best shape Ive ever seen!Delicious food and fantastic service. A really beautiful layout with some comfortable cushions to chill out. I could spend all day there.Best Vegetarian Burger we have ever had.  Great service.  Wish they were closer to French Quarter area though.  If you are vegan or just want to eat healthy and not sacrifice on taste, highly recommended.Good food for breakfast. Lot of vegan options. Attached to a yoga center. Upma is good.Great friendly atmosphere. Wide selection of juices and vegan plates. Outside seating available. Fresh ingredients. It's perfect!The food is almost as incredible as the people and the energy.  We can't say enough good things about this placeI'm not a vegan but this place is interesting with good food.  It's something different for MidCity with interesting new flavor combinations that you can't get just anywhere else.  It's nice to eat something you know is healthy & good for your body rather than scarfing down po-boys every dayExcellent creative fare, very well-seasoned which is unusual for vegan food. Service was also great, and the place very clean. Pleasant atmosphere. Nice vibe all around! We will be returning...IM FREAKING OUT! I gotta tell someone! Yell it from the roof tops! I just left the cafe with a Matcha Mama smoothie and it's the best thing in the whole universe! It's so good It makes me want to take off like a rocket!! I want to keep sipping but I don't want to run out !!!! 
Guess I gotta back later!You cannot go wrong here. Everything is delicious -- prepared to order and with love. I've had just about everything on the menu and I have never been disappointed. There is something so sweet about nourishing your body with delicious, plant-based food after a yoga class. And KP makes the best coffee drinks in the city!I came to eat here with my girlfriend (who is a diehard vegan, while I'm the exact opposite) and the food was amazing! I had the Malaysian curry and it blew my mind. Definitely fairy priced and a very nice environment, the cashier was one of the most amicable people I have ever met.I really really enjoyed my lunch! I ordered the soup and salad special - very tasty and also at a good price. The sambar soup was so incredibly yummy and healthy - yellow lentils and chock full of vegetables :). We used a Groupon and are from TX in town visiting but the reasonable prices and delicious food are worth coming back for regardless. I also enjoyed the artwork and calm serene atmosphere.I went to Good Karma yesterday afternoon wanting to try the Malaysian curry. The woman taking orders just stared at me when I approached the counter. No greeting of any kind. After enduring her open stare I asked if there was any more Malaysian curry because I had heard her tell someone before me that they were out of a few things. 
The Malaysian curry was not exactly what I was after but there were plenty of people in there eating and the food looked great, so I'll be back. There are just too few places in this town to get vegetarian food. I just hope the owners come to understand that good karma is not staring at your customers in a hostile way.I mean to my fault, I've passed this place SEVERAL times, thinking it was just a Yoga Studio... But now I know. 
The ambiance is GREAT!!! Fantastic for relaxing and communing with the Lord or oneself. Cool, calm & laissez faire... So get in where you fit in. 
Ordering is done at the front counter, you're given a number & seating is on you.  Once prepared, the food is delivered to your table for your dining pleasure. Silverware & napkins adorned every table, so no problem grab one & dig in. 
The food is GREAT as well. Vegans EAT YOUR HEART OUT. The menu is chocked full of healthiness & at nominal prices. Juices, coffee, espressos & all that jazz can be found here; portion sizes are great for solo eating or sharing... Cuz sharing is caring. So many things on the menu to try & try & try; until I will have to make many trips to taste everything. 
Parking is a battle you will fight, as I don't recall seeing a dedicated lot for parking, but there's plenty of street parking for your pleasure. 
Great little find on the part of my supervisor, as I was there for a meeting. I must admit, I paid more attention to the food & less to the meeting topic... I made up for it once I was done eating.What a blessing! What an oasis in the city.
HIGH VIBRATION FOOD! Such incredible flavor and texture and kindness goes into each dish. 
The people making your food are smiling and happy, and when you eat the food you are smiling and happy.
Theres a secret menu item- i believe its called the everything plate? Which as the name suggests is a little taste of everything.
Fresh juices, smoothies, and wholesome vegan foods. The desserts are out of this world.
Such a jewel for New Orleans. Always a beautiful day when we start at good Karma.
Try the chai, complimentary hibiscus tea, and slice of heaven.
(Updated)
Today I had the Mama's love salad. They do halves!!!! Instead of the red pepper dressing I get the almond and it's epic!
Got the teriyaki wrap today- yummy but just to warn you it's a mess and drips all over with gooey magic.
Say a little prayer and devour this devoted deliciousness.The environment was awesome. I had the "everything plate."  It was good at first, but all the curry dishes was a bit much after a while. I think it needed more of a variety in flavoring. One thing that bothered me the most was not knowing exactly what I was eating in each dish. Haha Will come back to give it another shot.Had an amazing vegan meal here today for lunch and it was delicious! Their menu is all vegan and their tea and coffee selection is vast and fresh. For my meal I had the curry bowl with brown rice and it was enough food for two, easily. I'll be enjoying it again for dinner! The tofu used is Indian tofu; I'm not a big tofu person (don't eat a lot of soy and typically don't like the texture) but this tofu was perfection because it had texture to it and wasn't just mush. I also had the herb juice plus ginger and flowering chamomile tea that was great - entertaining and delicious! I will be going back to try other items!This was the freshest meal I have had in a really long time.  I got the Good Karma plate which had a crisp amazing salad with sprouts, their super savory soup of the day, red bean and potato as the veggie w/ basmati rice and house hibiscus tea.  I could actually feel a difference in my energy level and mood.  That is how you know the food that you are eating is pleasing to your body.  
The cafe is so cute and spacious.  They serve fresh juice which I did not try this time but I certainly will the next time that I go.  You can hear the juicer in the back being revved up for every juice order - now that is what I call true juicing!  I dislike when an establishment makes "freshly" squeezed juice and pours it out of a pitcher because all kinds of goodness have been oxidized out!  A+ on the juicer sounds coming out of the kitchen!  This will be a weekly lunch spot for me because it is so close to work, easy to park and so fresh.  Yes, indeed!So good, Vegan, Smells great inside, Beautiful inside and outdoor seating
I love this place.Absolutely amazing. We just searched vegan places in New Orleans and chose Good Karma. We got a King Cake Latte, cold Brew coffee and 2 Buddha bagels and fruit bowl. Everything was delicious. I love not having to worry about something not being vegan and they take care of that for you. We're only in town a couple days and are already trying to make it a point to go back before we leave. Absolutely recommend.The atmosphere is quiet with bar, table, or couch seating along with WiFi access.
Service is always great; the staff is helfpul and extremely friendly. 
FOOD: 
I crave the juice because it's so flavorful and fresh. I'm feeling under the weather today, and I knew this is exactly where I needed to go for lunch. I started off with Throat Therapy juice; perfect balance of carrot and giner. Not wanting to cook today, I ordered The Everything Plate and nibbled on the soup and salad - reserving everything else for a healthy dinner tonight. The Everything Plate comes with a little bit of everything of course, but they rotate out soup and veggie of the day adding variety if you want to order this regularly. If you're not quite that hungry, another personal favorite of mine is the spicy burger.Get The Everything Plate...your life has just been changed! And yes go ahead and have a smoothie or a fresh pressed juice. Oh yes and don't feel ashamed to devour a piece of lavender cake, no matter that it's vegan! Namaste Bitches!What a hidden gem! Everything was so delicious and fresh. Everyone that worked there was very kind and helpful. The juice was awesome and I would most definitely be back. We are about to try a yoga class now and so far this place has really good vibes.Went here on a whim with a friend. Great selection of food and coffee! Had both the fire burger and the everything plate. It was all delicious. Staff was patient and gave recommendations when it was obvious that we had never been there before.Love this place. Like others have said, it's hard not to feel a sense of peace because of its placement within Swan River yoga, and I ran into an old yoga teacher :) Malaysian curry bowl and Throat Affair juice sitting propped up on pillows during a break from jury duty (criminal court is nearby) was he perfect antidote to a hectic day.
Pick up a class schedule while you're there!The food was amazing! Even though we showed up at 2:30 and normally serve food in to go packages at that time they knew it was our first time and served us like regular. Have so many vegan options is great fo my boyfriend and I. They could tell we were excited about our choices so they wanted to make our experience special. Next time we'll get an everything plate. My boyfriend got the burger and I got a tofu wrap.This place is so good, the food is prepared with love and flair. The restaurant is simple and very groovy ( Psychedelic San Francisco) feel. You may think you don't care for vegan food...this will change your attitude. Get the Everything Platter ! The prices are extremely fair and the staff is very friendly. Go out of your way to check this out if you are visiting. Call to make sure they are open that day.Yum!! This is a fabulous place for breakfast! I had the Buddha bagel and my husband had avocado toast. Both tasted delicious and fresh, and were reasonably priced. Their house chai is wonderful too. If I lived here I would definitely come back to try some of the other dishes.The juices are always spot on. Amazing food and a quick lunch option for work and an easy to get to location with parking in back.  This is a little unknown gem in mid city that always has a really diverse and cool crowd. It's a great option for grabbing breakfast on way to office also.I love love love this place!! I mean their food is top notch. I have traveled to more places than I can count and this was one of those places that you simply can't forget. The rice was fluffy and cooked to perfection along with their curry and the smoothie was amazing! I seriously couldn't have asked for a better meal!Just finished my first lunch here, and all I can say is WOW! Very delicious, fresh food. The space is open, clean, and comfortable. The staff was also very friendly and helpful as my dad and I decided what to eat. He had the tofu teriyaki wrap (and really enjoyed it!) and I had the tomato sandwich, which was really delicious. The sandwiches are served with tortilla chips and a slightly spicy salsa. All in all, it was a really enjoyable lunch and we will definitely be back!This is my last stop before flying back to DC and I feel as if I saved the best for last. I ordered the Everything Plate and to me....that can feed 2 people. The food is fantastic and service was great.  I waited a few minutes and food was brought to my table. I plan on stopping by again when I return to NoLa.- Only went for coffee, Archangel was great, I loved the atypical ingredients
- Employee told me Howling Moon is the highlight and to make sure to add the coconut (The wife enjoyed the Howling Moon)
- Try to enjoy coffee in house in the mug, some of the goodness is lost in transport, if you get coffee to goAs much as I try to be critical, I couldn't think of a reason not to give this place five stars. It's a bit away from the main attractions in New Orleans, but quite accessible by streetcar and bus. Affiliated with a yoga studio, and you probably will feel inclined to find some hemp to wear and bless the earth mother or something while you're eating here. They're very peace-oriented. You definitely want to eat here though.
It's got a small rotating menu of all-vegetarian and mostly vegan dishes, starting with Indian but with other influences in there as well. They do breakfast and lunch, and offer smoothies and baked goods (some gluten-free) as well as hot entrees. It was good enough that I went for twice, first getting a Malaysian curry for lunch (creamy coconut-based sauce with vegetables and soy protein over rice; tasty and nice and spicy), and then an upma for breakfast the next day (sort of wheat-based porridge with vegetables and a delicious coconut chutney). I also got a nut-based smoothie to go, which really filled me up, which was really important given the rest of my day.
It's not expensive by New Orleans standards, and it's one of the few places that offers anything like this type of cuisine. They have a lot of seating, might as well bring everyone you can. Also, free wifi ;)Holy Shiva- my love for Good Karma Cafe is so deep! Now that my yoga practice is back in full swing, I get to pop into after class upstairs for *all* the vegan goodness here. How lucky are we to have the ability to get delicious food, snacks and coffee right after a yoga class? 
I'm really happy that they offer a full menu of coffee drinks, from beautifully poured cappuccinos to creative sweet coffee concoctions. Their cold brew isn't just legit but fully turbo-charged and on my top three list in New Orleans. It's a pleasant surprise that they not only have coffee but do it so well (I'd expect an array of teas... which they do have by the way if that's your jam). 
I've mentioned their delicious smoothies in my previous review. The Upma lunch is my new favorite thing, now that I've explored the food menu. I bemoan the lack of South Indian food in New Orleans, but at Good Karma, you can get this delectable yet healthy (traditionally served for breakfast) porridge here, accompanied with coconut chutney. Get hot pickles up at the condiment bar if that's your thing (it's my thing). It's served with an enormous salad that has just the right amount of dressing. Such a dreamy plate of food!
As others mention, the atmosphere is super friendly, perhaps extraordinarily so. No holier-than-thou baristas begrudgingly serving you a drink they'll occasionally deign to make you (you know the places I'm talking about!) This cool attitude extends to the customers. Tables are large and often communal, which I normally don't like, but here I can handle it. 
And they have free wifi.
Good Karma is indeed "as good as it gets!"I really like this place, and I'm glad they now open til 8! I have definitely come more often since then. The menu is large and it's all vegan! I love that. The veggie burger and the upma are some of my favorites, the smoothies are amazing. When I first came here I was amazed at how they had these special vegan desserts that are hard to find anywhere else! I loved that. Very nice place. The only complaint is the veggie of the day and stuff usually isn't very flavorfulI came by just to get a smoothie in the morning. Although it was tasty, it was nothing spectacular and I didn't think it was worth the hefty price tag. Cute interior, friendly staff, and yummy looking menu.If you need some fresh & healthy food, a friendly smile or a safe & chill space... This is THE SPOT.Can we say delicious! And I'm not even close to a vegan. The teriyaki tofu wrap was everything. It's also a cute, chill vibe. I will return!This is my favorite vegan spot. The food is always fresh and flavorful. I love that the soup and veggie of the day is always changing. It's never a dull dish at good karma! Service with a smile and delicious guilt free food! Everyone needs to eat here!Delicious, reasonable prices and portions, clean and friendly environment, absolutely loved this place!  I got avocado toast and a coffee for less than $10 ended up taking some Malaysian curry to go, that was delicious as well.The teriyaki wrap was sooooo good! I wish I had the recipe for that tofu!! I loved it! Wish I could eat it every single day! Would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves good food :) vegan or not!Visited from Baltimore, and loved the atmosphere! The food was delicious with hearty servings. The vibe was inviting and warm with floor seating. The staff even suggested other vegan restaurants to try out while in town. Highly recommended.Nothing is worse than getting to the bottom of a plate and finding hair in your food. I'm disgusted and never returning.This is my home away from home! House made almond milk - tasty salads and soups not to mention their Brahma salad with a fire veggie burger. I love them, their food, the energy and hey who doesn't want Good Karma?Great place for vegan food, desserts, smoothies, juices and coffee.  You will not miss eating meat if you come here, everything is just full of flavor.  Prices are reasonable and you won't feel guilty afterwards because everything is healthy and made fresh!  It is connected to a yoga studio, so immediately when you walk in, there is a feeling of peace that washes over you.  Very laid back vibe.In the heat, I tend to stay away from lunches with meat unless I am staying a long time and drinking white wine.  Stopped in here for a veggie sandwich and was amazed at the taste and quality !
Great low price, had a nice lemon drink and off I go...onward to discover NOLA !
I will return !!Great food, better smoothies, cute ambience, outdoor seating options, & centrally located.I was in New Orleans for Spring Break this year and was disappointed by the lack of vegan options most places, so Good Karma Cafe was basically a godsend. We ate here almost every day of our trip, and it was so good! The atmosphere is very peaceful and welcoming. The food and the coffee are great. I totally dug the Fire Burger and the Lavender Cake -- delicious!I used to love this place for their light open beautiful space with consistently good vegan food. But, ever since the remodeling the food has been bland and sloppily prepared. It isn't good anymore and definitely not worth the steep prices. The space is small, dark, and ugly since the remodeling. Some mirrors and painting the walls a light color would help the room feel less crampt. They significantly cut down the size and someone decided to make it feel even smaller by painting it a hideous dark color making it feel like a tacky closet. The art on the walls are gone and it isn't pleasant to be there anymore. I'm sad to say I won't be back. It went down hill. Maybe there's new management? I don't know what happened but it's sad to see one of the only vegan restaurants in my hometown be ruined.Step inside a magical yoga that manages to also feel like a diverse space welcoming of all energies and humans: (read, not just white upper-middle class women, not hating on those since I am one but, I try to be "mindful" about my problematic appropriation of Eastern holistic cultures despite my love of their beautiful traditions such as yoga, acupuncture, etc ...) Gorgeous decor, a menu that has grown to include a full array of sandwiches, salads, hot plates, breakfast, juices, smoothies, desserts, coffee, and tea! 
I tried: the crunchy and creamy upma, curry, salad, energy balls (I had one with cacao, dates, almond butter), their brown rice (fluffy crispy texture who knew this was possible), shakti juice with lemon and turmeric.
This is the kind of food that makes you feel  better, satisfied, more like yourself from the inside out. So flavorful and fresh, excellent portions, clearly made with love and care.
Also, floor cushions you can meditate on while waiting for your food. And you can take your shoes off. What else could you want?Pretty pricey, but the quality can't be beat. Considering food in NOLA is of the unhealthy variety, this was a welcome reprieve from all things fried and meaty. The juices come in large pint glasses and the fruit bowl was made up of fresh, delicious fruit in a decent- sized bowl. Of the three people I encountered who worked here, two were very friendly and one (the woman I ordered from at the counter) left something to be desired. The space is relaxing and beautiful, and there were plenty of tables and chairs for hanging out, reading, etc. Definitely a local hangout.A vegetarian and vegan delight!  This place has fresh healthy food that makes you feel good inside and out.  I enjoyed the mung bean sprout salad and upma, a south indian dish with veggies.Omg we LOVVVVED THE TOFU TACOS!!!!!! My sister & I are actually planning our next visit!!Another great lunch find in New Orleans! I had the Karma plate. This included a salad, a Malaysian chickpea-tofu soup, brown rice, and daal (lentils) with poppadoms. It was so tasty - it reminded me of being at home with comfort food. 
Did I mention that they have Kombucha on tap? It was the perfect pairing with the food. 
I was so at peace at Good Karma Cafe that I nearly lost track of time and was almost late returning to work. I was so happily transported to warm, peaceful, and comforting place. I'll be sure to visit the next time I'm here.I absolutely love this place and I still haven't even went inside haha. The food is amazing! I fell in love with the curry. It's rare to find a balance of health, good flavor, and seasoning when it comes to vegan food so I am ecstatic about this gem. The customer service is delightful and there is so much love put into the cooking.I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for fresh and healthy food. The staff was very friendly and I loved the atmosphere. Good vibes!Wonderful atmosphere, the cook greeted me immediately and welcomely explained the menu and all of the specials to me. They are obviously passionate about the food that they make, and I know that this Cafe was a LONG work in progress. I am so glad it finally opened and is doing so well! I got the Malaysian Curry Bowl, which was a gigantic bowl filled with deliciousness for a modest price. This place is so cute. Take a class at Swan River while you're at it! (Just let your food digest, first.)Great bowl of BBQ seitan today. Lovely space, too. Found myself wanting to just hang out in there all day. It's not inexpensive; an entree with brown rice and a drink came to $13ish before tip. Then again, we're in the city and honestly, people, you get what you pay for. Nice treat if you feel like putting something good in your body.Great spot for coffee and breakfast with AMAZING service. The people who work here on Saturday mornings are super stars and they make my day every time! 
For me, the main thing that sets this place apart is their excellent cold brew with house made almond milk and coconut cream. No other coffee shops I've tried can compare. If you're an almond milk fan, you seriously need to try this stuff because it's unlike any store bought version.I love this place my favorites are the Buddha Bagel with avocado and cucumber  in an everything bagel  the soup juices it's all vegetable based  you can not fail.Service was very slow and they were out of bagels but happy to find a vegan menu close by. Lunch options looked really interesting and will look forward to coming back then. This is a small space in a yoga place with a really laid back yoga vibe. Good coffee.First time here today after an amazing Saturday morning yoga class with my dear friend. Loved the salad & the fresh juice. Definitely a great relaxing atmosphere. The servers & staff here are the sweetest:-)