This place was absolutely awesome. 75 cent oysters. After 2 dozen I moved to the excellent cheesy grits. Great place to eat. Even better during happy hour.We ate here several times mainly because of the excellent Shrimp Ju-Ju appetizer.  In fact, our second night we had 2 orders of the shrimp.  We are grateful to our server, Colin, for recommending them our first night.   As I'm writing this review, I can still picture the shrimp and even better, I can still taste it.    There are a few dishes I dream about and this is one of them.      We also tried the fried calamari; it was good.    I'm from the north where we like marinara sauce with calamari.   In the south it seems to be served with sweeter soy or  sweet chili based sauces which I'm still getting used to.    Our entrees were very good: po-boy and fish of the day.     It's a nice place ambiance wise in a very good location.      I will give a shout-out to Colin for recommending the Shrimp Ju-Ju.Amazing!!! Alligator wings so delicious! Professional  guys work here, high recommendSat outside for an early dinner before the Kentucky Derby. We had the chicken, ribs and macaroni, and the Brie and crab hand pie. All of it was great, the meat was all tasty and tender. The macaroni was very cheesy and had a hint of black pepper. The hand pie, which is new to the menu, was my personal favorite. You could taste the crab and it came surrounded by a well complimented creamy cocktail sauce. Highly suggest everything we had!I enjoyed Grand Isle so much that I came back twice during my one week stay in New Orleans!  Highly recommend sitting right up at the bar so you can watch the oysters being shucked - very cool!
Trip One:
It was my first night in New Orleans and I was starving!  I went on Yelp to see what was around my hotel and noticed that Harrah's casino was right across the street.  Having been the Harrah's in Atlantic City several times (more times than I'd like to admit), I knew that there had to be good restaurants associated with the casino.  I strolled into Grand Isle around 7pm on a Tuesday night, and thankfully it wasn't busy.  I took a seat at the bar and ordered my first local beer - the Nola Blonde.  For an appetizer, I ordered the shrimp gumbo - how touristy of me!  It was really good!  Everything shrimp gumbo should taste like.  For dinner, I decided on the house made gator sausage po boy.  OH MY GOD amazing!  The flavors worked so well together and the gator sausage was delicious.  I knew instantly that I'd be getting this again before I headed back to PA.
I'm not sure if martinis were on special that night, but I saw a ton of them being ordered.  The ladies next to me got louder and more hilarious as the night went on, so I'm assuming the martinis were pretty good haha.
Trip Two (two days after trip one):
My boyfriend arrived in New Orleans and I told him I had to take him to a few, great restaurants I had tried earlier in the week.  We headed over to Grand Isle!  For an appetizer, we got the Isle Sampler of oysters.  All of them were delicious, but the oysters fulton (with bacon, cheddar, and onions) was my favorite.  So good!  For entrees, I once again ordered the gator sausage po boy and my boyfriend got the shrimp caminada po boy (which had apparently won an award at the po boy festival in the past year or two).  You've already read my review about the gator po boy, so let me tell you about the shrimp caminada:  IT WAS DELICIOUS.  Asian herb slaw was amazing and the shrimp was plentiful.  I can see why this won awards.
We spoke with the bartender a little bit, who was a super nice guy.  Turns out he's from NJ, so it was nice to run into someone from our homeland.
In short:  Go to Grand Isle.  Get some oysters, shrimp caminada po boy, the gator po boy, and a lot of beer (and maybe some martinis? haha).  You won't be disappointed!This was an outstanding experience. Great customer service great food will come back again try Lane Snapper the whole fryAfter searching forever we land here, wait for a table of 8 was only 30 min... Really good for last min and no reservation. Our Server Kendra handled the table cool and calm. Her energy gave a home feel to the restaurant. We had a few appetizers, my personal favorite was the onion rings and the oysters. I did not like the gumbo, would not recommend that. For my entrée I had the Mahi Mahi it was a bit plain but overall the dish was good. And last but not least my dessert... Best is almost last, I had the milk chocolate cheesecake with a coffee, omg it was soooo yummy. I give Grand Isle a 5star for service, food, and atmosphere. :)The food took a long time to come. If the kitchen had been fast I would have given it 5 stars.Came here for dinner but the wait was 2hrs long so we sat at the bar.... soooo glad we did. Firstly, jason is THE best bartender. He recommended the shrimp n grits for dinner, lets just say it wasnt only orgasmic because the flavor just explodes in your mouth, it tastes homemade and makes you feel happy inside. You also need to try the baked oyester for appetizer. I can die happy. Ill give this place 4 stars cuz of jason and his amazing recommendation and the ambiance at the bar. Tip him well!I had the boiled gulf shrimp appetizer and the chicken with roasted vegetables entre'. Everything was fresh and delicious. The wait staff are attentive, friendly, and happy to fulfill any request they can. I had a very enjoyable lunch even though I was unable to finish everything.This place never disappoints.  John had the alligator sausage po boy and I had the boiled shrimp.  Yummy shrimp, the best I've had in along time.  We were looking forward to the Duck debris po boy but it's no longer on the menu.  When visiting for dinner you must try the cold smoked Tuna.  Can't be beat!Went to the restaurant on a Friday evening and it was not busy with the exception of a bachelor party. The food was not bad but okay at best. The Creole Catfish was okay but not flavorful, the Seafood gumbo needed some serious help with flavor and temperature. The Chicken and Sausage gumbo had good flavor but was warm at best. The bowl was smokin' hot though. The Fish sandwich was fair. Now the service was excellent! Cannot say enough good things about the excellent front staff! The price is a bit much for the food.This place is great! The bartenders are wonderful and the oyster bar delivers great company! The atmosphere is easy and not pretentious as other restaurants of this caliber can be. Thanks for a great dinner, drinks, and company!Nice location and nice looking restaurant.  Our waitress was good also.  Unfortunately, my husband and  I were very disappointed in the food, especially for the price.  We went in on a Thursday evening and the restaurant was nearly empty, which should have probably been our first clue.Enjoyed the shrimp poboys... We tried each kind and thought they were both good. The highlight was the lemon ice box pie, so made up for the somewhat slow service.Nice waiter! Onion rings and Fried calamari was alright but the Entrees are tasteless. Creole Catfish is a No No and the ribs are not that good either.I usually like the oysters here but this time I had lunch.  Mediocre at best and really enjoyed a disgruntled server dropping the fbomb through the bar cause the bartender was busy and they had to pour a glass of wine.Not how you expect a business to be ran, un professional on so many levels. Just open your eyes and pay attention. Food is great, the cooks are just way to in consistent on cooking and presentation for the price you have to pay. Will never return back.I had a hard time with this one. Most of the options were a little pricey and not a huge variety to choose from (I mean, $17 for a burger). I ended up getting the Cajun catfish in a tomato-y sauce with rice on the side. It was alright but lacked some flavoring. Several at our table got the shrimp po'boy and looked like that would've been a much better optionAn cajun restaurant with local flavors, warm decor, and friendly service by the Harrah's Hotel (on the edge of the French Quarter). We were here for lunch and were pleasantly surprised by their reasonable pricing and fresh ingredients. The oysters were great, as were the beignets. I didn't try the gamba but my friend loved it. 
I tried the crawfish, which was good but too salty. Everything was way too salty in my plate including the corn. Salt was allowed (sadly) to take over everything. The amount of salt attacked my palettes rather than enliven them. 
The whole dish was spicy which was fine. It was the saltiness that's a problem. 
Service was efficient and very friendly, which is a redeeming point. A beautiful restaurant with just the right noise level.Went to this place obviously geared to out of town conventioneers because it was convenient to meeting co-workers all staying at various hotels around the convention center.  My low expectations were easily met.  As expected the food was incredibly bland, boring, and fairly bad. I felt like I was in an old-school chain restaurant, like a place out of the early 90s.  The adventureless palates were predictably satisfied and were at home with the uninspired menu and the server's schtick. If you care about food, there are far better options in this town.  I really want to give it only one star, but that feels a bit like piling on.My sister asked me if I was hungry at 10 PM and we were sitting in Grand Isle around 1030.  I think they close at 11 PM. You can imagine how annoying this might be to the staff, but we didn't detect a hint of annoyance. 
 I'm pretty sure our server's name was Michelle.  She was phenomenal.  Very kind and helpful.  My sister tends to ask 15 questions about one dish and then ends up ordering something completely different.  Michelle (if that was her name) wasn't even phased. 
 I started off with the crab cake, which was really great.  Someone remind me to take pictures next time.  Then I had the brisket.  It had a nice flavor and the presentation was cool.  They served it atop the lyonnaise potatoes with green beans.  It was moist and really tender.  Overall, it was well worth the money.  The entree was $18, I think.  
For desert I had the no flour chocolate cake.  It was really dense; almost a fudge consistency.  I'm a big fan of a flour-less cake.  I also had some french press coffee.  The coffee wasn't the best I had ever had, but it was very caffeinated and I do love that.
Appetizer, entree, desert, coffee and tip all came to $52 dollars for me. My sister and her husband were $86 for 2 alcoholic drinks, New York strip, a burger and desert. That's quite a bit of bang for your buck.  I will definitely be back.There service is amazing. The food was over the top. Crawfish & Mac-n-Cheese was to write home about.  Oysters were outstanding.  Hopitoulas on draft, what else could a family need!  Great Job Grand Isle...  We'll be back for sure.Came for lunch on the recommendation of a native Louisianan. 
Shrimp basket was good, Mac & Cheese reminded me of Easy MAC with bread crumbs added. Not impressed. 
Poboy bread was good. Shrimp was not the same as the basket. More popcorn shrimp that nice sized. 
No sweet tea?!  Why.... really. No seriously. Why. 
Boiled shrimp appetizer had no Cajun seasoning was simply just boiled with garlic, very lack luster. 
Probably wouldn't come back but maybe it's due to us coming when they had just opened for the day? Either way was NOT impressed.The new and improved..... great nig window views bright and friendly. ..the place for burgers too...I do not know what is happened to this place but the service has gone completely down hill. I can't tell if the kitchen really sucks or the food sits around too long before it comes to the table or everybody is in the back smoking but something is definitely off and it didn't used to be like this... it was better food and serviceFood was great but the service was absolutely unacceptable.  Waitress was a mess and took 45 min to get our check right.My boyfriend and I visited New Orleans for my first time and we decided to eat here for some authentic southern cuisine and high quality seafood. He was already familiar with the food so he ordered a alligator poboy and it was delicious! I wasn't familiar with the menu so I asked our server Robin for recommendations. He suggested oysters and the fish sandwich with fries and I absolutely loved the jalapeño aoli and my boyfriend loved the cocktail sauce he made for the oysters.  It was delicious, the service was great, and the atmosphere was very nice. I will definitely visit again we visit Nola!Their burger is top flight. So is the shrimp and grits. Highly recommend this place. Got to sit in the French Doors. Beautiful weather.  Mark the waiter is outstanding.I am a New Orleans native, and eat out often. I tried Grand Isle last night with a friend. The service was terrible - it took 2 hours to get oysters and a salad. Food was average. To add insult to injury they add an automatic 20% gratuity. When I asked the manager - Lyn - about it, she said it is written in small print at the bottom of a long menu. It is not posted anywhere else. When I asked her to reduce it because of the service, she turned her back on me and walked away. It was the rudest treatment I have ever received in New Orleans. It is a tourist resturant catering to tourists, they do not care about locals or return diners. BEWARE!We did a "Cook and Catch," where we caught fish in the bayou and brought it to the restaurant.  Chef Glen put an amazing meal together: 12 filets for 3 of us, grits, spinach and a delicious corn dish.  Satisfied my California pallet without question.  Delicious, nuanced and well prepared.  Staff was great too!Our concierge recommended this place for a late lunch.  We had huge po boys!  My catfish po boy was very flavorful.  The fries that came with it were "meh".  We were happy with what we ate, and we were so full for the rest of the day, we didn't have dinner!  We thought that the prices were okay.  One of the less expensive places we ate at in NOLA, but also more casual.  I would definitely pick this place over the food court at the Riverwalk if you're at the convention center.So.....this location was recommended by one of the hotels during our stay. We had a rather large party and ordered a bunch of a Appetizers. Calamari was awesome....everything else was kinda regular. Mac & Cheese is really good! Was oversold on the Alligator Wings by the waiter.Let me start with our hostess. I didn't get her name but we walked in with one in our party who is allergic to shell fish she went back to kitchen and made sure that he would be perfectly safe. Then our server MARK this man knows and loves his job. He recommend the boiled shrimp and I played this shrimp heads but they were amazing he also recommend fried crawfish oysters ham and cheddar sandwich and the mahi mahi we ordered all of it and holy cow it was amazing I recommend this place to everyone great staff great food great atmosphere.What can I tell you something about this restaurant?  The place is CHAMP!  Service is very good.  I ordered prawns in spicy sauce in small pan twice (earlier in the afternoon and again evening) and someone in my group ordered thin onion rings.. they are soo delicious and yummy.  My tasting buds are craving for that sensuality food.  When I visit NOLA, I must go to that place again..have more prawns and onion rings to eat!We were lucky.  Our waiter, Mark, enjoys food as much as we do.  His recommendations were right on the mark.
We started with 2 glasses of red wine and the Mr. George's Onion Rings $5.  What a surprise and treat.  We are not fried onions eaters but this plate was cooked to perfection.  The batter on thin, delicate and very flavorful.  Onion cooked just enough without being soft.
Cindy's main course was the Chili Butter Baked Escovar Fish Baked with Compound Chili Butter $18.95.  Perfectly cooked - very moist with lost of flavor.
My dish was a Pork Shank serviced with a delicious sauce around $21.  The meal was excellent even though the pork was a little dry due to being slightly over cooked.
The 3 items were our waiter's favorites so I can't recommend anything else on the menu.  Overall a nice experience.Tried the St. Louis ribs, the meat fell off the bone it was so tender. The BBC sauce wasn't really anything special. It came with Mac and cheese and I enjoyed it quite a bit. Fast and friendly staff, the server was fast to refill my water all 6 times seeing as I was quite hungover.Terrible experience. Waited over an hour for our food when the restaurant was empty then waited an additional 45 minutes to get the check. We asked them to split our check four ways (like it says on the menu) and gave a written breakdown of each check. The waitress came back with one large check after we gave her a breakdown of the bill TWICE. Then she proceed to complain about having to divide the checks. We asked for itemized copies several times and never got them. Good food but terrible experienceLooking for good crayfish?.... this NOT the place. I was sorely disappointed. They were small, not spicey, flavorless ... and I had to send them back because they came out cold. I was not impressed with raw oysters, either. A real disappointment for New Orleans. On the other hand the Brussels sprouts coleslaw was quite tasty.I tried the Shrimp Caminada Po-Boy and the stuffed burger. Both were delicious. When you walk in you notice the fresh herbs being grown right outside. They are deliciously loaded on the poboy for a nice fresh flavorful full bodied taste. It's light and perfectly portioned for summertime. My favorite was the stuffed burger. It's stuffed with cheeses and good tasting herbs that look like they're freshly grown right outside the restaurant. I enjoyed it quite a bit. I would recommend that burger any time.The location for this place is great.  It's right near places like Ernst's and Manning's, and the atmosphere is not bad.  They have big windows and lots of TVs, but you can still hear people talk at your table.  I've been here a few times, usually during Mardi Gras, and I had never really had anything that stood out from the tons of other restaurants that serve a seafood heavy menu.  Fried shrimp, standard po-boys, etc....while they are okay, their versions didn't really pop.  This past MG, I went the day after Endymion, and decided to try a po-boy that was highlighted as a past winner at the Po-Boy Festival, the Shrimp Caminada.  This was the menu item that set the restaurant apart.  It featured sauteed shrimp rather than fried, and some kind of Asian slaw that had cilantro.  Three people at my table got this, and one person had to send his back because of the cilantro.  I really enjoyed mine, but think the bread could have been treated better since it kind of fell apart.  Still though, the bread didn't go past the point of "eat with a fork", so it wasn't totally bad.  Basically, it took me a few tries to find Grand Isle as a place that made itself unique.  Since things like a fried shrimp po-boy can be found most anywhere, venture from the standards because Grand Isle just might have something you dig.I love shrimp and grits, but my entree completely missed the mark. The shrimp on top of the grits were the tiniest shrimp I've ever seen - they looked exactly like the bagged frozen grocery store shrimp used in salads. They were NOT fresh Gulf shrimp, nor were they as pictured here. We counted 27 of them. They were boiled, not grilled, pan-fried or sauteed. The tasso gravy was tasty, but there was so much of it that it completely overwhelmed the grits. Very disappointing.This restaurant was simply ok. It got such rave reviews so perhaps my expectations were too high? Nonetheless everything about it was ok. Let me tell ya why...
The ambiance was nice. The decor was modern and unpretentious. Tables were spread far enough apart that you could enjoy a conversation without hearing your neighbor blab about her boyfriend's snoring or her irritating mother in law. They are also able to accommodate large groups comfortably. 
Food was pretty good...the problem? The portions were tiny. They were like designer little meals (with the matching price) in a setting that would be more fit for upscale burgers and such. My +1 had the duck and she was not feeling it. I had the brisket which was delish. Tiny but it tasted wonderful! For dessert we had peach cobbler, which was pretty good, and the lemon pie thingy. Our waiter raved about it so again I think I was expecting too much. It tasted like key lime pie. Pretty good but nothing over the top.
Service was spot on. Our waiter was friendly and for the most part attentive. I really liked that he paid special attention to food allergies. It's always a plus to walk out of the restaurant alive. 
All in all the was a decent experience. I would likely not return just because there are so many other wonderful places to try in the area. If you decide to check it out get the brisket, you won't be sorry.3 stars because the bar staff was great. Walked in and no one was at the hostess station to seat me so I went to the bar area. A friend recommended that I try the bread pudding but I've had better. The shrimp and grits was amazing! I was under the weather and the bartender made me a hot toddy and was very attentive which made up for the lack of service upon my initial arrival. Can't say I was impressed enough to returnThis place was awesome! The oysters were great along with the Cobia fish and boiled shrimp. And the management was exceptional. We will definitely go back.Caminada PoBoy is the best poboy in the world(although not traditional). Its a must have. Waiter Steven was great too. I cant wait to come back to nolaOysters very good, raw and baked, but service was very slow and not very customer friendly. Waitress was awful and not sure she really wanted to serve our 10 top. Food was ok but don't think I'll ever return.Fish was very old tasting. 
The restaurant felt like a tourist only restaurant. 
Wait staff was average. 
The outdoor seating was nice.I have been to this restaurant twice in the last year. Both times i have enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.  Fresh ingredients and tasty meals. Prices are reasonable. I will go there again.The worst ever. They think your are a tourist and inflate your bill. Manager did nothing. I never got what I ordered. Horrible service. I went to the manager three times with complaints. She should have taken over our table or watched over it. The first thing that happened was the waiter brought the drinks out and never poured the wine. We had to continue to serve ourselves. I when to the manager because it had been over an hour since we ordered. Note place was 1/3 full. It took over an hour to get our food and I didn't get what I ordered. She offered to get it but who wants it after another 1/2 wait. She said she would comp dessert. I ask for a reduction in price and she still just wanted to comp dessert. The night before I had spent $321 there and had a great time. I told her that and her response was less then satisfactory. We had two tables and we were ready to leave I saw my son staring at his bill. $150 for a couple drinks and dinner. That when I had to get her again. Poor customer handling skills. Patrick thanks for the night before but that manager doesn't have good customer skills. She lost a repeat customer.The Onion Rings are lightly fried and thin, the way I prefer my onion rings.  (The half-an-onion dipped in half-an-inch-of-batter style onion rings that most places do are simply gross).  The Ribs were delicious...well-seasoned, messy as all get-out, and the meat was falling off the bone.  The sauce that the Shrimp are served in was delicious...I could've sat there all night long dipping a loaf of french bread in it, sopping up every last little speck...and then ordered more.  The Sazeracs I had were well-made, and during Friday evening happy hour were a bargain at $5 a pop.  In fact, of the several Sazeracs I sampled all across the city, these were the best Sazeracs I had in New Orleans all week long.  (That being said, I've had better elsewhere in NY).
The Steak Tacos were a bit of a letdown...they took forever to come out after I ordered them, and were served cold.  I'm not sure if they were supposed to be served cold, or if they had been sitting back there for so long that they became cold.  But when I say cold, I mean *cold*...not luke warm.  The other slight letdown was the Bacon Brownie.  It was good, but not great, and there wasn't enough bacon...you could barely tell it was in there.  In fact, if someone gave you a bite and didn't tell you beforehand that there was bacon in it, you probably wouldn't even know.  But the brownie itself was good.
I don't care how clean, polished, and business-tourist-oriented this place is designed to be, or the fact that it's not a place for locals.  That's for the locals to have a chip on their shoulder about, not me.  They do what they do well...for the most part.  And that's what matters.  In fact, I was more impressed with my experience here than I was at Bayona, and the bill was about half as much.Great food, great service and a Happy Hour!
Prices were a touch high but considering the location it's probably on the lower side for the area. I recommend you try it. If you get Summer for your waitress be sure to give her a hard time because she likes it!A great late, last minute dinner spot! We had just driven from Chicago, were so tired and hungry and this momma needed a drank!
I had a Po' Boy and was not disappointed. So fresh and delicious! And the fries were good, too. I forgot the name of the cocktail I had but it was whiskey something or other and hit the spot. 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the area. It was very nice and kid friendly at the same time.  Perfect location, kind, knowledgeable staff and great food and drinks! 
A little tip: always check out their specials for the day/night. They offered a great oyster/ beer special that I was bummed to pass up because I don't like oysters, haha. But it was a great deal!Walked into the restaurantd for lunch (march 1st 2012).
Basically, the service was amazing... Waiter seemed to love his job.
Food was really good - a bit on the pricey side though (ended up spending $60 for lunch for 2 of us - no alcohol).
I had the shrimp po boy - exceeded expectations.  My wife had crawfish and crab.  She really enjoyed as well.
I would definitely go back.We've been coming here since they opened.  This place never disappoints.  The smoked fried oysters are amazing!  You can order small plates, sandwiches or entrees.  Kid friendly with great food.The Grand Isle is right by the Harrah's hotel where we were staying. We went there for a late lunch around 3pm on Tuesday 8/7/12. It was before happy hour so it was not busy at all.  My mom and brother both had the shrimp poboy and I had the gator sausage poboy. The shrimp on their sandwiches was fantastic. It was my brother's first time having a poboy and he was in love after his first bite. I had never had gator before and the sausage was so yummy. It was a messy sandwich, but definitely worth it. We all loved our lunch.Happy hour 4-6:30 with half price beer on draft -local brews featured.  Liked Abita amberIn New Orleans for a couple of nights, the Valet at my hotel recommended Grand Isle to me because they're having a promo this month of oysters for $.55/each!  How can you pass that up in this town?  I couldn't and made the quick two block walk there.  I sat at the bar and downed a dozen oysters pretty quick.  I also had one of the most delicious beers; a NOLA Blond Ale, and it was so cold  (and it was so hot outside) that I wanted to jump in it, but I drank it instead!  The oysters were great, and then I had a Shrimp PoBoy, which turned out to be a little much.  I couldn't eat the bread on this sandwich, so I just ate the fixin's.  Another NOLA, and by the time I was done, I was DONE!
You may find me back here again tomorrow night, grabbing another dozen oysters, before heading out into the French Quarter for adventures unknown...While walking the streets of downtown New Orleans near our hotel on vacation recently, we were looking for a seafood restaurant to try. We made one of the best choices ever by picking the Grand Isle Restaurant. It was perfect weather and we could have chosen to sit outdoors or inside. It was St. Patrick's Day weekend and there was a lot of activity outdoors so we decided to stay indoors. The décor
inside was simple yet charming. We went during the day but noticed candles that are placed on the tables at night.
Our waiter commented on the band t-shirt my girlfriend was wearing and we had a quick chat about live music before ordering drinks. She had a
mixed drink/cocktail called the Blind Pig. I tried a version of Abita called Andy Gator for the first time and instantly became a fan.
My girlfriend ordered the small size Creole Catfish (Fried Des Allemands Catfish in Simmered Summer Tomatoes, Trinity, Aromatic Rice), which turned out awesome and better than imagined. I tried a chef's
original in house recipe, the Shrimp Caminada Po Boy which had Spicy Citrus Butter with Asian Herb Slaw. It has won awards before and the first taste proved why.
Maybe it was Irish luck that led us to try this amazing restaurant in New Orleans. We had no complaints and highly recommend it. We can't wait to visit again.Really enjoyed the ambience-outdoors in great weather. 
Food-raw oysters & smoked fried oysters were excellent. The étouffée was not remarkable which was disappointing 'cause this New Orleans & it should be the best. The bar menu was good & the service was spotty. The main server was great-his helper was not so good.We had dinner with friends @ Grand Isle last night. The food was was wonderful as usual. We got the boiled shrimp appetizer and spiced up the cocktail sauce w/extra horseradish, yum yum. The shrimp were huge, easy to peel, and very flavorful. My husband & I split the chili butter baked fish (it was swordfish last night). We almost always get this or 1 of us does because it has such a unique delicious flavor.  The onion rings here are fabulous and the fried oysters crisp & delicious. We always try to sit @ the bar and talk w/ Lee, Eric or  whoever is bartending. The employees are very friendly and attentive to your needs. One of our absolute favorite restaurants in the city.A nice restaurant with a beautiful patio shared by a few other establishments including mannings across the brick walkway. Do get a cocktail at mannings. Bloody Mary was nice at mannings but thanks to yelp we are at this place. Friendly service. Delicious oysters and good gumbo. The gumbo benefitted from hot sauce. Smart move. I guess you wouldn't want to over heat it spice wise for the faint of heart. In NOLA, I really enjoy a NOLA menu like Grand Isle provides. Thank you for a nice light lunch experience. Hope to see you next year!Originally stopped in here to grab a drink while walking in the French Quarter....but the bartender that it was happy hour and the special was a half pound of shrimp with fixins for 7 bucks my wife had to take advantage.  They have a very friendly staff.  We will definitely be back to try their regular menuMy go to spot when in NOLA. Fisherman's stew is on point and the oysters couldn't get fresher.I liked the Seafood Gumbo, but it wasn't anything crazy different or spectacular. The Grand Isle Salad with Chicken was massive in size which was great because all ingredients were nice and fresh and the dressing was wonderful (bleu cheese). 
This is a great lunch spot if you want some predictable but still yummy and filling food that's a good value for the cost, but not a place for a foody looking for something exciting and different in New Orleans.I can only speak for the Shrimp and Grits because it is the only thing I order. Why? Because it is the best I've ever had. I love that it's cheese grits and not spicy. Some people love spice. I'm not among them. The service is always great. When we are in New Orleans, I seek this place out every time.Came here after a Yelp event with a group of friends. They gave us a nice, large table and accommodated our every request.
I had the yellowfin crudo, because crudo is apparently the in thing right now (who decides these things...?). It was good. The butternut squash puree helped to offset the fact that everything else on the plate was acidic. The fish was diced, not sliced, and covered in a lemon vinaigrette. It was served with pickled cauliflower & beets, along with little mini slices of grapefruit. All of it was delicious.
The special cocktail of the evening, the Mayflower, was also fantastic. Cucumber juice, strawberry puree, and gin. It came out looking like muddy swamp water, but was one of the best drinks I've ever had. 
Definitely worth a return visit sometime in the near future.Great Hurricanes, and the best onion rings of your life. Krista was our waitress and she was amazing.Three and a half stars. Clean bathrooms, great service from our bartender Sean. The barback tried to dissuade me from attempting their not-very-advertised challenge even as he shucked my oysters. Live music some evenings. My cocktail was on the sweeter side of okay, so I ended up sticking to the conservative beer list. Smoked fried oysters were plated on a leaf of butter lettuce with a pool of garlic aioli, and I barely got a hint of smoke flavor even when eaten naked. I was more pleased with the fried chicken livers that were served on a bed of bacon marmalade to minimize texture phobia. Good crunch on both menu items. Future hit list: house made gator sausage, pork butt tamale, spiced oyster taco, chicken & house made andouille gumbo, shrimp & roasted eggplant soup, shrimp & grits, fisherman's stew.
Food challenge: 12 local oysters with a heaping tablespoon of their hottest Beaver horseradish on each, to be eaten in 60 seconds without aid of a beverage.
Reward upon completion: one free beer, the oysters get comped, and a hilarious t-shirt in your size that says "I ate hot beaver ...at Grand Isle."
Status: completed, 60 seconds.
Advice: don't eat dinner beforehand, don't chew too thoroughly, and be prepared for ten minutes of hyperactive tear gland production, fifteen minutes of initial regret before you start mumbling that it was totally worth it (nigh disrespectful to the tasty oysters to down them that fast), an hour of tummy cramps and fermented burps to follow.Stopped in on a Tuesday around 3pm. Only a few customers were there. Needed a quick bite. I've been here many times over the last 10 years. The drinks are great, I recall getting hurricanes and LITs. 
Today, just had shrimp po'boy w fries and lots of water. Service was great, my water glass never got to the bottom (unlimited water for the win!) and the food came out literally in 5 minutes- pros of having a late lunch.This is one of our fave lunch spots. The Caminada poboy is one of the best sandwiches in the area (in my opinion). Just an easy going, casual/ bordering nice spot to stop in for good food, drinks, & service. They have a nice bar area, inviting atmosphere, & also outdoor seating.We revisited Grand Isle Saturday, 28 April and once again enjoyed it. The Hubs had the jambalaya. I had the crawfish and the grits. I had not had crawfish in ages and seriously couldn't recall how to properly eat them, and the kind server helped me get the sweet meat out of the crawfish, which was really kind of her. The grits were decadent - creamy, rich, cheesy and topped with crispy bacon. They have a decent wine selection unlike so many bars in Bourbon Street. We enjoyed the patio on this beautiful NOLA day. It's a good spot to dine and people watch. No wait and the food came out quickly. Still recommend GI! You're welcome!The food was exceptional.  We ordered the dozen oysters and boiled shrimp.  We had a pitcher of Canebrake along with an infusion of honey roasted peanut vodka. My husband and I loved it. And, he is from louisiana. The service was on point = she always asked us if we needed anything.  I like it when it comes to customer service.  Try the place it will not disappoint.  I guarantee it!Best oysters I have ever had.  Ever.  Sit at the oyster bar when Darnell is working.  I was in town for a conference and went twice because my first experience was that good.  I can't speak to the rest of the food, but if you're in the mood for oysters and a cold drink, you can't go wrong.  Darnell treated guests in a way that made us feel so welcome and even the bar manager who I met later was also very welcoming.  Great experience.It's passable food. Probably more of a 2.5 stars type joint. The place is nice and the staff is nice also. The food was edible but nothing special. 
I felt the chicken was of relatively low quality and it had WAY too much seasoning to the point where you could almost not even taste the chicken. The catfish also was not great- overcooked and dry. I'd stay away from here and try other places.Best raw oysters I've ever had.  Ever.  I mean, what a treat.  If you're in from out of town, come here's sit at the bar and watch them shuck your food.  Incredible place, incredible staff.  Come see Stuart!
Highly recommend this place.OK, so the food is phenom, and my latest intake was this deep fried mascarpone cheese and crab meat ravioli.  TO DIE FOR!!  The flavor resonates a collaboration of sweet and saucy greens with the awesomeness of "take me down and do me" crab meat filling.  The service is always delightful with each visit serving up a smooth variation of friendly personalities.  The best I found to consume this plate of "awe" is best with a refreshing white wine.  Till next time, I will remain looking forward to another visit.Came here with my boyfriend about a week ago because I'd had a rough week prior and this was his attempt to cheer me up. 
Service was great. The server was extremely attentive and checked on us constantly.
The decor and layout of the restaurant was a little sparse and strange. There was a huge HDTV just hanging out behind a plant near the back entrance that I assume was locked because there was no host(ess) standing there.
The food was ok, but not great. The fish of the day was a drum and it seems that the fish of the day is the only fish served in the restaurant according to the menu. I had mine covered with crawfish etouffee and the fish was rather dry, but still edible. My boyfriend had his grilled and had no complaints. We had bread pudding for dessert, which tasted great. 
The price was a little elevated for the quality. You can get better food in New Orleans for less, but I chalk the price up to it being affiliated with Harrah's Casino.First time in NOLA and first time eating Crayfish... Spicey and tasty. Shrimp and pasta was also banging! My boyfriend had the BBQ, they were the biggest shrimp I've ever seen!The pancetta and oyster linguini is above average. However, it took a while for our food to come out even though we ordered only one entree. The long wait was especially puzzling considering the restaurant was half-empty. Our server was very nice and friendly. Overall, it's an above average dining experience for me.