We walked in and my husband had a bad feeling, not I am sure why or how. I was optimistic, but turns out he was right. I was pretty unimpressed. I wouldn't say anything I had was horrible, but I have had lots of tastier sushi. It's worth noting my son has eaten everything we have ever given him and he didn't like anything he tried! We joke that he eats anything, and he turned down everything. The tuna and cucumber salad I was expecting something super yummy. It was literally like tuna, cucumber and soy sauce. Again not horrible but not really great either. Overly sweet drink. Just generally underwhelmed.Great neighborhood place!! I personally like Haiku better than Kyoto.  Low key with the focus on the fish.  It's more about the food than the plate its served on.  Sushi chefs are experienced and creative.  Like a good bartender, give them an ingredient or idea and they will make you something amazing.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.
Personal favorite is the chirashi bowl.  Delicious!!It's OK food but seems a bit pricier than other sushi options around Uptown for dinner although I hear they have good lunch specials.  Most other sushi places Uptown give you a lagniappe snack when you sit at the sushi bar but not here.  It rarely seems to have a crowd so I'm not sure this place will last much longer than the other series of restaurants that preceded it.  Honestly I doubt I will be back as I like my old regular sushi places much more.First time trying out this restaurant.  Food was good but service kinda killed it for me as it so slow.  Wife ordered a cocktail that took like 30 minutes to arrive. I ordered a roll with my Hibachi and the roll came as we were finished and ready to leave.  Server was bring dishes to the wrong tables.  Probably won't back soon but will give it another try sometime in the future.  For the price ($19 for Hiabchi Shrimp), there are other restaurants in New Orleans with much quicker service.I love this place. The atmosphere was great.  I know it may be nitpicky to say that the type of music a restaurant plays matters... but to me, it DOES MATTER.  I hate when I go to an Asian restaurant and they are playing Rihanna and Katy Perry. The owner of this place knows what's up... I was listening to Radiohead, Portishead and Pictureplane among others in the short time that I was there.  It set the mood just right.  And the layout of the place was great!  You walk in and there's a small bar upfront, then there is a huge outdoor seating to the right, and finally there is a nice-sized indoor seating in the back, where the sushi bar is also located.  It's all super nice.  And the FOOD! I'm vegan so I was impressed with all the different vegetable rolls.  There is a meal you can order that comes with 3 different veggie rolls and salad, and I also ordered the asparagus tempura roll and the sweet potato roll.  The sake menu was excellent as well. I got a combo of nigori sake and flavored sakes.. all cold, all delicious. I highly recommend this place and now is the perfect time of year to grab one of those outdoor tables :) I will definitely be coming back before it gets too cold out.Visiting from NJ and was nervous about getting sushi but Haiku did not disappoint. Started with tempura veggies and calamari. Delicious.  Sushi was delicious. Fresh. Well constructed and full of flavor. Hubby had soup with Udon noodles. He loved it.1. I called for delivery since they left a menu at my door. The menu claims you can order online, but the credit card section of the site does not work, so you can't order online delivery unless you have cash.
2. I called to order and they took it fast and were very nice. Took my card over the phone. I order a Tom Yum soup, 1 Hawaiian roll, and 1 Spicy Salmon roll. He explained they were also fixing the credit card section of their website soon.
3. Food was delivered in 30 minutes flat and the price was $27.74. Slightly pricey for me but the food was exceptional, delivered security, fresh, and well-made. I will definitely be ordering from here again.
Great job, Haiku!Solid neighborhood sushi place. Ordered Haiku rolls off the specials menu. Very tasty! The ambience was nice. But not a 5 star for me. The crunchy rolls on the regular menu weren't anything special but it's nice to have a lower priced roll option so you don't kill your budget when you're really hungry at a sushi place. The miso soup was uninspired. It was a small portion served in a cheap plastic bowl. It had a few sad pieces of tofu and sea weed. They should overhaul this recipe. When it's cold outside a nice selection of soups can really hit the spot!Went back for another takeout order and took time to look around. Beautiful decor throughout, Mary the bartender is great. Got the Crunchy Hand Roll, Spicy Tuna Hand Roll, Scallop Roll, another Spider Roll, Shrimp Soba, and Miso. I freaking love this place. Hand Rolls are huge and well made. Scallop Roll was so fresh. Soba was the closest thing to authentic I've had in years and in New Orleans. Spider Roll and Miso did not disappoint. Do yourself a favor and eat here. I've been eating sushi for the last 20+ years throughout the US, from San Francisco, Portland, New York, etc, and Haiku is one of the best. This place should not be as slow as it was on a Friday at 5:30, I hope the word gets out and this place gets packed because it will be well deserved. Great alcohol selection, fresh, well made sushi and entrees, drop down projection screen on the patio, sexy decor. Can't wait for a sit down meal here.The sushi was actually really tasty. The problem was the tiny rolls and the high price. There are just too many other sushi places, I will now choose over Haiku. We ordered the food to go, so no comment on the service or ambiance.Great patio, good food - a favorite spot of mine to eat some sushi. If you're uptown you should check it out10 dollar Hamachi Kama...enuff said.
This was soooo freakin' good!My coworkers and I had a terrible experience. The sushi was not fresh. Very expensive and small portions. The lunch menu was terrible. No wonder is always empty. We are sushi lovers and this place is by far the worse we ever had.Good fried rice, great sushi. Waiter was alright, didn't have much to say, but thats okay since its 10:30pm right now. Overall super satisfied with the  restaurant and i recommend this place.Disclaimer: I am not a sushi expert 
Me and two friends came here and shared everything we ordered. 
We gone one tuna tataki- the fish was fresh and was pretty spicy! 
Edamame- standard, a little salty
Veggie tempura platter- very light batter, I like it because it came out piping hot and wasn't too heavy 
Asparagus tempura roll- really what made it good was that it was topped in eel sauce (which I think has eel bones? Just as a thought to vegetarians/ vegans) 
White ninja- pretty much all I could taste was the spice, but still somehow very delicious (make sure you have a drink!) 
Sex & the city - so simple, and so delicious. Mango is my new favorite thing on sushi. I honestly like this roll so much I ordered a second to take home with me for lunch tomorrow (eating it now, and yes it's still good a day later) 
Unfortunately for me, I'm allergic to shellfish (yes, New Orleans is a dangerous place to live!) so at most places there only one specialty roll I can try, they place had I think three for four, which I really liked. It was also, virtually empty at 6:30 on a Friday. Not sure why since the food is good. I know it's relatively new, but I think, that more likely is that they don't offer many happy hour deals (some deals on cocktails and I think 1$off of beer). I got the ginger martini - one of the few happy hour cocktails. It was only okay and a little bit weak. I would add a star of this place had more happy hour deals (which they are going to need to get the magazine crowd in) I'll be back for sure!This place is wonderful!! Always has easy seating. Has a great, covered outdoor area. Great sushi selection- always good! Best BBQ eel roll I've found in the city... great beer and sake selection as well. 
Definitely my favorite uptown sushi spot!This is my new favorite place to get sushi! It was so fresh. The ambiance was great. Overall wonderful. I hope it stays around for good!We went for a family birthday this evening. First, the food was very good. The service was inexcusable. From the moment we walked in we struggled to communicate with our waitress. We wanted to wait in the very nice bar area, but we struggled to communicate that we just wanted a drink while we waited. Once we were seated we ordered quite a few starters. No one was able to eat at the same time as everything came out peace meal, but no big deal. It got worse because one member of our party ordered an entree from the kitchen. His noodles came out and then nothing. After 10 minutes we mentioned to the waitress that it was getting cold since he was waiting to eat with the entire table. The waitress asked "why?" We had to explain that it was our intention to eat together!!!! She took to dish back. Then we notice her speak to the sushi chef who looked very surprised. Surprise! She never put the order in! To make a long story longer, 40 minutes later there was no apology and no concern. The fish was fresh and very good, but it didn't make up for the terrible service.Sushi is fresh, excellent and Tomi ALWAYS plays LSU games. David also loves Tomi. Tiger roll is where it's at. Bobby is cute.Gave Haiku a try and I have to agree with the 3- star reviewers...it's just ok. Nothing fantastic or special. 
The back dining room was cute and clean. We were the only table and they turned off the music half way through our meal, so it made us feel a little awkward (it was 4 pm so it wasn't a signal for us to leave or anythng!). Our waitress was sweet and was quick to refill our waters. 
We ordered:
Mackerel Sushi- I don't eat it so I can't comment 
Crouching Tiger Roll- Small for the price, mayo sauce on top wasn't seasoned enough
Salmon and Avocado Roll- Tiny
Salmon Skin Roll- Skin tasted almost burnt 
Geisha Kiss Roll- Cucumber wrapped roll
All were missing flavor and some tasted like they might be on the verge of going bad. A bit fishy. The Crouching Tiger and Geisha Rolls were $13/$14 and a huge disappointment. They weren't overly filling and were very small for the price.
So for 2 people-- 4 rolls, 1 sushi, and 2 waters was $55.00 (including tax and tip). 
It was very expensive for the amount of mediocre food. We left hungry :(Love it!! Our go to sushi place. Order delivery from here regularly. Veg gyoza and fried rice is amazing!I really wanted to like this place, I've seen a ton of great pictures that people have posted on yelp. A lot of people seem to really like this place but I was just not blow away. Granted I had take out, so that may have something to do with it, but I don't think that's an excuse to drop standards. 
I ordered the tuna roll, smoked salmon roll, and spicy tuna roll. When I opened my box a lot of the rolls were not all the same size and just looked messy. The spicy tuna roll (far right in the picture) was falling apart which made it hard to eat. 
The sushi was not bad, just nothing exceptional in my opinion. I will give them another shot but eat in the restaurant next time to see if that makes a difference.A very welcomed addition to the great restaurant row we enjoy along Magazine Street. My wife and I have been waiting for nearly 6 months for this place to open. We live just a few blocks away and the idea of having sushi nearby is comforting ... "My name is Errol, and I'm a sushi addict.". 
Last week we got a flyer on our gate announcing their soft opening, so we were excited to finally try our new neighborhood sushi place. 
We were greeted by the owner, a very cordial and welcoming man. He explained that they were still training their wait staff and working on a few things. Apparently it was he that went around the neighborhood, depositing flyers. He needn't have worried about explaining this to us ... the meal and service here was better than some established places I've been to before. 
I posted a number of photos here showing what we ordered on this evening. Suffice it to say that everything was amazingly fresh and very delicious. The tuna was particularly wonderful, melt in your mouth tender and impeccably fresh. Sure, it wasn't Toro, but it was still top notch. I also enjoyed how each dish was presented, very artistic. 
Given that they literally just opened up and they are still trying to tune things up, getting this kind of quality and presentation is a great sign. 
My kids have only one recommendation: Please add Ramune to your menu.
Kudos to the staff and management at Haiku! Welcome to the neighborhood!Friendly staff, clean, Wonderful Cuisine, and reasonably priced. Who could ask for anything more? You have got to try this gem of a restaurant.Excellent sushi!  As a S Cali gal for 8 yrs ... I can honestly say Haiku ranks up there in quality, service & deliciousness!Haiku is great, I think one of the best sushi restaurants in New Orleans. They have a great outdoor patio that can fit large groups and is really nice on warm days. The inside is pretty and clean but always freezing, so bring a jacket if you tend to get cold. The staff is friendly but not the most attentive. They are much nicer when dining in. Take out I have had a few orders that are not correct, and the woman I spoke to on the phone was less than apologetic. 
That being said, the sushi is fantastic. The rolls are large and even though they are expensive, I think they are worth it. Our favorites include the sex and the city roll, the geisha kiss, the salmon skin roll, and yellow tail hand roll. The seaweed salad and house salad are also delicious.
Overall I would definitely recommend dining in rather than ordering out.Great menu, nice presentation and portion size. Their typical roll is 8 pieces priced $12-16. I also tried a snow crab hand roll that was much larger than I expected. Several things on the menu I want to try.My son and I went their for lunch and we were both pleased with the atmosphere, and the freshness of the food.We  enjoyed the bbq eel sushi roll, also very reasonably priced.Very disappointed, over PRICED! Ordered Dragon Roll, tasteless, very disappointing in appearance. Also ordered soup, soup lack of favor. Soup arrived, 30 seconds later roll arrived.
Had to ask for a refill on WATER.. Waitress were too busy looking at their cell phones.
3 waitress standing around, 7 guys behind the sushi bar, only 6 people in the whole restaurant. I give this place 6 months. 
Music could have been a little softer and turned down just a tad.
I left hungry, which means I won't be back...Wonderful sushi. The cooked food leaves a bit to be desired but frankly that's not what I was in it for. Spicy yellowtail handroll is my favorite; the fish has a clean and unquestionably fresh taste. My wife has gotten the sex and the city roll and the hidden dragon, both are fantastic, and we keep coming back for more. Prices are a little high but generally on par with other options. Highly recommended.We order the twister roll, yellow tale, and steak hibachi and I must say all were delicious especially the fried rice!  The service was lacking because they only had one waitress working which meant it took awhile to get service but not overly long.  Great food cute place!Friday night I placed an order with GrubHub about 30 minutes before they closed.  I went online to check the status and have confirmed today that the order was received and confirmed from the restaurant.  After waiting over an hour I tried to contact the restaurant and ended up on the phone with GrubHub.  Apparently the restaurant decided to take the order and not make it and close.  Needless to say I won't be using GrubHub or Haiku again.  Your hours are your hours.The spicy crunchy roll was one of my favorites and both of my daughters top favorite. We also had the crunchy dynamite roll, fantasy roll and spider and they were all delicious!! We will definitely return to this place for sushi when we come back to New Orleans!Just had a roll and some salmon sashimi but everything was fresh and delicious We're visiting from the San Francisco area so we're a bit spoiled with great sushi restaurants but this place most definitely did not disappoint. Sat on the covered porch and had a great little meal. We'll be back.Went here with a buddy of mine a couple days ago around 9:30. The staff was attentive and kept checking up on us to make sure our food was okay so the service was pretty solid, but we were the only ones there too. The issue was the prices. The prices of the sushi rolls was so outrageous. One special roll was literally eel and crunch and eel sauce for $14? That's ridiculous. The sushi was good, not amazing. The avocado in the sushi was hard and not soft or ripe enough, yet my avocado salad was fantastic... Where was this avocado in my sushi? The rolls were good sized though. The salmon poke appetizer was solid and was a large portion. The hand roll was fantastic and filled with sushi, but again, so expensive. The spicy tuna didn't have much taste to it which was depressing because spicy tuna is my favorite so that automatically gets a star docked for me. The prices bring this place down.Until tonight, I did not think that we could find the great tasting sushi that we were looking for in New Orleans.  Well tonight, we hit the jackpot. The tuna tataki was incredible. All of us, party of 3, ordered spicy tuna rolls. They did not disappoint!! I was very impressed with the food and the staff. I love the atmosphere. The location is perfect in Uptown with very easy parking after 5pm. We will definitely return very soon. The wine and beer selection was also a win, win.I used to think this was Fantastic sushi! And loved this place. Nice to sit in or to take out also they deliver! But now I don't eat from her anymore since I had violent food poisoning..I have had the food here three times now. Each time I tried a different special roll and I have not been disappointed yet. I love the size and ratios in their rolls. They aren't too big and as a result are much easier to eat, but they are enough to fill you up unless you have a larger appetite. In that case the pan-fried gyoza make for a delicious appetizer. I can't speak much for the ambiance inside the restaurant as I've only eaten take-out but the service we got, even just for the take-out order, made me want to come back. Friendly staff, and in my opinion the best sushi in uptown, and possibly New Orleans. I prefer Haiku over Asuka or Origami, which is only a few blocks away from me, but the flavor is worth the extra distance. Two thumbs up!This review is based only on the poor service, not the sushi.
Lets get started with the fact that it took almost 15 minutes after being seated to recieve menus. Finally having order appetizers and sush rolls all at once, we began to wait. My girlfriend's miso soup came out quickly, but after that was poured into the bowl i guess our ticket got pushed to the side.
The place was farrrrr from being packed, so i was a little confused as to why our food was taking so long. 
We were already hungry arriving to the place, so after 40 minutes of waiting having shared and down that 1 miso soup..we politely asked " how much longer on our food?" And our server replies "oh they havent got to your ticket yet" and then tries to hurry away,
when another server walks up and says "oh no your food is ready",
 to which the 1st waiter says to her " No they havent got to their ticket yet" .
Very annoyed at this point, we asked " well how much longer until we get anything at all?"
Our server says " another 20-30 minutes".
We had enough waiting and i wasnt about to another 20 minutes to recieve and spicy tuna hand roll. We walked out. 
45 minutes from when we sat, up to this point...2 people...and we had only recieved a miso soup. No salad, no appetizers, not even a "sorry" or "we are really slammed" because they werent. The only excuse they had was " we have alot of to go orders to fill first". 
Im in the food industry, and from what i know your 1st priority is those who are dining in. 
I wouldve maybe had a better review to write had i tasted anything but my soda and a miso soup.I've never had chicken teriyaki with no flavor, but there's a first time for everything. 
I ordered lunchtime delivery, the delivery time was great - 30 minutes from placing my order to receiving my food. But since it was such a quick turnaround time (and also a hot summer day), I'm surprised and disappointed by how lukewarm my food was.
I ordered some sushi rolls as well. The fish was good quality, the rolls were about as big around as my thumb. It was a totally underwhelming meal, all the way around.
Also, I apparently got the same delivery driver that several other reviewers mentioned. I don't answer unknown numbers from out of state, but after the 3rd call I picked up. Not sure why he felt the need to call again as he was literally on my porch - I picked up the call and said "hello?" at the exact time he was knocking on the door saying "delivery!". Our interaction was brief and gruff. 
I'm not high maintenance as a consumer, and generally I can overlook a lot of thing especially if the food makes up for it. The food did not make up for it. I've dined in the restaurant before and while I've never been extra impressed, it was good enough to still be in my black book of restaurant options. I think I'll close the book on Haiku, after all.If you get the chance to sit at the sushi bar, do so. Ask for the special of the day. You will not be disappointed. 
For my wife and I, they served us Sea Bass sashimi with cucumber julienne. The presentation was spectacular. The bass was sliced thin and arranged as a rosebud amongst the greenery and the sauce. We took portraits with it.
We also had the baby octopus salad, tuna sashimi and other delights. Everything was exceptional.
 Kudos to the chefs and the staff.Decided on stopping in and seeing what's all the hype. Ordered a Bento Box. Salad greens were blah. Wish they were fresher. Dressing was Okay. Rice is rice..... Overall the sushi and tempure was excellent. After  looking over the menu will be back to try a few rolls and soup. Wishing the menu had a few more lunch items
Understand your new, but a little to much staff standing around.I had a craving for sushi and found this wonderful place on Yelp. After being disappointed by another restaurant with such high reviews, this is a place that lives up to its reviews. Everything was very flavorful and fresh! The fresh fish was delicious did not disappoint. Would definitely go back again soon!Absolutely awful in in every way. 
Service. Terrible. The waiter answers a question by saying he has never eaten the food. He was slow and clearly new.  His inability to help was only overshadowed by his inattentiveness.  The upside was the service was the best part.  
Food.  Average would be kind.  Terrible tastelessness 
Freshness.  The fish was not fresh and the inside smell of rotting fish flesh. 
Bottom line stay awayHaiku is my go-to sushi restaurant in town. In my opinion they provide the best and freshest fish of all the sushi restaurants in New Orleans. The owner of the restaurant works his butt off day and night to make Haiku the best it can possibly be. Super fun bar atmosphere in the front room, a cooled off patio with lots of tables, and a modern dining room for your more distinguished clients. 
The servers are all very attentive and know their large menu cover to cover. I request Alex or Kevin whenever possible, they're great at what they do and make me feel at home. My favorite item on the menu is the Sex and the City roll, with mango, avocado, and tuna layered on top of the roll. They will also make any type of roll you like by request. The best aspect of service at Haiku has to be the presentation. Take a peek at the Sushi entree, comes with 9 different pieces as well as a tuna roll (the tuna is fresh every single day). Keep it up Haiku, no place like it in Nola!Edamame tasty
Puff daddy, g6 and bourbon roll recommend to me. I ordered the puff daddy, bourbon roll, yellowtail sashimi
lots of great options and great sushi and sashimi selection. 
great outdoor seeting too right on magazineCame here while visiting my boyfriend in New Orleans. This place was super cute. They had a lobster and fruit salad on special which was very fresh and delicious. The sake flight is a great idea, although I did not enjoy the pear sake... we ordered the vegetable dumplings which were tasty, the spicy tuna, chicken tempura, rainbow, and scallop roll. They all were very fresh and delightful. No complaints here.Very very good! The outside has heaters for when it's cold and it's a nice environment to hangout with a big group of people. Sushi taste fresh! Highly recommend the baked salmon with snow crab. I'll definitely be back!The sushi here is the best we have found in New Orleans.  The restaurant has good ambience and a really nice bar + outside seating.  I picked up recently and they forgot soy sauce.  I called them to let them know and they delivered soy sauce to
my door in less than 4 minutes!  The staff and owner are outstanding.  Last week we came in for take out and the owner had the chef make up a special free appetizer while we waited.   Definitely worth a try!I love sushi and have been looking for an inexpensive spot near my home.  I ordered the spicy tuna roll, California roll and assorted tempura.  It was alright.. Not the best but not horrible. I would order again but it is just fairly expensive for the quality so I will probably just order when I am really craving it.We had mardi gras roll and magazine street roll along with calamari.  All three were excellent.  The dip for the calamari was fantastic.  We were visiting,  so disappointed that we cant go back until out next trip into NOLA.  Tbe outdoor seating is covered as no quaint.  The rolls were generous,  5-7 pieces. The wait staff was attentive,  even outside.Everything about this place is unremarkable. Service/Food quality a big meh. Nothing interesting or original that piques my interest here.    Miss when it was a Lebanese place on the first go round. Go to Chiba if you want to stay uptown, my personal fave is Shogun and I also like Kanno in Metairie.Great sushi. And the delivery is free. I ha e ordered twice now and I am very happy to give 5 stars.Shari V and I were originally looking to take-out, but when we walked in, we found 2 spots at the sushi bar so decided to dine-in.  For a Saturday night, it wasn't half full but we were eating at like 9pm.
Anyway, our server was a nice young girl.  The place is new, so there were some kinks in the service.  It took a while before anyone greeted us.  You know, say hello and bring some waters.  And when our waitress did come by, she apologized first and forgot to kind of introduce us to the restaurant.   No big deal.  Overall, she was nice and brought the food when it was ready.  So who cares.  Just growing pains.  
We ordered two rolls, Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon.  The waitress and I found my order amusing.   The reference was lost on Shari V.  At any rate, the rolls were tasty. I think tuna was served with the Hidden Dragon.  Very fresh. Both rolls came with some sauces.  One was an eel sauce, and the other might have been a sriracha mayo.  Anyway, they were good, but our sushi chef went a little heavy on the sauce for Hidden Dragon.    
They have a sushi bar with maybe 10 - 15 inside tables.  The sushi bar was a good choice. Otherwise, the setup seemed a little bland.  Not a lot of character for a sushi restaurant on Magazine St.  They had a single flat screen in the corner of the restaurant.  I'm biased against restaurant televisions.  If you have them, put them around the bar.  Or put them everywhere because you're an awesome sports bar.  But don't put one up in the corner.  We walked through their patio which looked awesome.  
At any rate, the food was better than the ambiance.  It's a new spot, so I'm betting the service improves.  I will repeat Haiku and will try dining some patio dining.Love Haiku! Their sushi is fresh, tasty, and portions are not skimpy all for a reasonable price! I highly recommend the Sashimi Salad, it's a huge salad filled with a great selection of fresh for $9.95! You could definitely split it or have as an appetizer. Service has always been great and their patio is dog friendly. I'm gluten free and they don't have gluten free soy sauce, but they don't mind when I bring my own.We have eaten here three times - all delivery. Delivery times have been very quick.  Sushi has been good - the one time we had a problem they came back and brought us a replacement which was very sweet and nice of them ( I can't think of any other place that would do that.)I have been to this establishment a handful of times since they have opened. The owner, Bobby, has a great spirit and knows how to treat customers. The restaurant's sushi is always fresh. (My favorite appetizer is the ceviche sampler - absolutely delicious!). The rolls are creative with most of them consisting of tuna and something else. However, if you don't see something you like, just ask!  They will most likely seek to make it happen. Outside of the sushi, we have tried the udon noodles and fried rice. Both are solid options but I recommend you opt for sushi while you're there. 
The restaurant is usually running specials and we haven't been disappointed by any of them (while the kimchi salad was good; I still prefer the one from AJ and J better). 
Overall, for a casual and splendid meal before a night out with your friends, go to Haiku - you will not be disappointed. You might even see me at the bar!Here on a business trip, so im not to familiar with the area. Saw this place and decided to give it a shot. Great food, and great service, and very nicely priced. I recommend this place to any and allExcellent rolls and although the portion of calamari was a bit small it was absolutely delicious. Will definitely be back!Great sushi.  I got the tuna tataki sushi and and BBQ yelowtail role; both were terrific.  I am lucky to live so close to this place.Excellent fish. Period. Chirashi is my go-to, and sometimes two of us will split that and some rolls. The basic (salmon avo, spicy tuna, etc) aren't too special, but with the same delicious, always consistent sushi fish they're a win. I don't usually like special rolls - too much sauce at most places - but the white ninja and G6 both rock. The G6 especially is great, and has become my go-to cooked order. I've had the hibachi once before and it was a bit salty and not too special, but I wasn't expecting much: with the top shelf sushi at great prices they could omit the hibachi items and still earn 5 stars from me.
Oh, and they deliver. I live about 8 blocks away and sometimes they get here in 20 mins or less. By now I've been 6-8 times to the restaurant and ordered delivery about 10-12. The fish is always on point. I've had an issue or two with service, mostly with servers coming over multiple times after delivering my meal and interrupting my party. The sushi guys and management and most of the servers are warm and welcoming, which honestly doesn't even matter because i would keep coming back if only for the best fish in town :DOverjoyed to have a sushi bar in the neighborhood, we scoped Haiku out for a light Monday night dinner for two. We ordered a Sex & the City Roll (I know, silly name) and a yellowtail roll. Sushi came out quick and was devoured even quicker. We inhaled both roll orders so fast that I think it startled the staff...management presented us with a freebie signature "Haiku" roll-- salmon topped asparagus, tuna, and crab inside. Along with the 10% opening discount, we walked out feeling like we'd robbed the place. 
Can't wait for this heat wave to end so that we can enjoy the outdoor deck that connects the dining area to a full bar. Watch out Kyoto and Origami...Haiku is cranking uptown sushi up a notch.The service is pretty bad here. It took a while for the server to even bring us our silverwares and the place not even packed; however the food wasn't that bad.New on Magazine
Fresh raw fish and hibachi
Will go back for more
This place is new on Magazine (it just opened last month) and I'm already a fan. I stopped in for lunch last week with a friend, There was barely anyone here, so we were seated quickly. I knew exactly what I was in the mood for.
First of all, my friend wasn't in the mood for sushi (weirdo), so he decided to get a hibachi steak that came with a side of rice and vegetables. I, on the other hand, was all about the fish. I got an order of salmon sashimi, a Philly roll, and a spicy crunchy roll. The salmon sashimi was fantastic and yummy and fresh. You get 6 pieces for about $9, and while the pieces aren't as big as some other restaurants, that's a pretty good deal and I was happy with  it. The Philly roll was really good and a good size. The spicy crunchy roll was okay, but instead of putting the sriracha in the roll, they just put a dab of it on a regular crunchy roll. I kind of wondered if they forgot to put the spice in it, so they just decided a little dab would be okay. Who knows. It wasn't bad, just different,
They don't have iced green tea on the menu, but they will make it for you if you ask. It's real green tea and not the powdered mix! SCORE!
All in all I liked this place a lot and I wouldn't definitely return and try some special rolls.This place had three consecutive failed Mediterranean restaurants in its place before Haiku opened. And then the renovation, and reinvention came. I have been many many times since they opened and the food has been good. I absolutely love this place. Try the tuna, it is usually nice an fresh!!! All of the people there are very friendly and welcoming. They have great service, great food, and a great atmosphere. We are watching playoff football and eating super delicious fresh tuna right now!!! I have yet to find a place that has sushi this fresh in NOLA, and it isn't even the most expensive place to get that fresh... Go check out Haiku, a hidden sushi gem in the heart of Uptown's Magazine Street! Keep up the good work Haiku!Man this place is putting some AWESOME sushi on the plate!  They take super great care of us every time, the fish is fantastic and I personally think it's one of the great hidden values!  The five piece sashimi prices are irresistible!   Even in the beginning of July their porch dining is pretty cool. All in all I think Haiku is among the best sushi places in town for sure!!  If you haven't yet, make sure you do soon!!Very friendly and prices are on point. I have enjoyed all the food I have ordered from Haiku.We got the gyoza and spring rolls for apps. The portions were very small and were the same quality you'd get from the frozen food section of a grocery store. The sushi quality was also mediocre and the portions were small. Their basic rolls are 6 pieces (instead of the 8 that you would get anywhere else). The spicy crunchy roll is just a regular crunchy roll with a dot of Sriracha on top. Overall, the food wasn't inedible, but it was disappointing. Also, the delivery guy was outrageously rude. I came out to meet him and he immediately started yelling at me on my quiet street about not picking up the phone right away when he called. I apologized for his 4 minute wait (because I truly did feel bad) and he mocked my apology. Then he resumed yelling at me while he got into his car. I always leave detailed instructions about which apartment/door is mine and no other delivery driver has ever had a problem finding itthey're kani salad was TERRIBLE. barely any crab in the salad, no binding sauce. imagine too thick cucumbers and one strand of crab- gross.My husband and I have been here a couple of times and each time the sushi has been fresh and flavorful! We usual stick to the raw and not cooked rolls but we have gotten a couple of cooked to try them out, and they've been really good! The raw rolls are wonderful! Definitely recommend!A bit on the pricier side. Food was okay, service was fast. I only got pickup. No way to judge staff, but the place looked clean and upkept.Exciting new place with great food. Great for any occasion. We loved the Bourbon roll. It's unique and fairly priced. We wlll definitely be back for another date night!What a great addition to Uptown. Very nice bar and outdoor patio decor. Didn't get a chance to go in the main restaurant. Convenient ordering online whether for pickup or delivery. I got the Spider Roll (softshell crab), the Hello Kitty roll loaded with coconut shrimp, snowcrab, avocado, and tobiko, wrapped in soy paper. Also got a miso soup and two pieces of smoked salmon. Miso was standard, but delicious. Smoked salmon was fresh and big, not overwhelmed with rice. Spider Roll was perfect size and well rolled, didn't fall apart, and crab was perfectly crispy. Hello Kitty was a sweet treat and a huge mouth full every bite. Rice was moist and avocados in both rolls were ripe and a perfectly green. Wasbai and ginger were fresh and plentiful. The female bartender was nice and gracious for a cash tip on a pickup order. I paid online through the app and just had to sign when I got my order. Haiku is definitely my new goto spot for sushi in the area, especially because they deliver and are open 7 days a week till 11pm. I can't wait to try the Bento, Katsu, Soba, and Hibachi. I highly recommend this place. Good food and good prices. Definitely hope the curse is broken on the building, because Haiku deserves to stick around.I tried this place on a Sunday afternoon and it was one of the best sushi dining experiences I've had in the city. The fish (especially the Tuna) is VERY fresh and tasty. They also offer REAL wasabi on request and you should try it if you've only had the green paste that all other places garnish your plate with.Such a delicious treat!  We've been to Haiku on multiple occasions and have been very pleased each time. The staff is friendly and provides great insight into what they have to offer. We always ask what the freshest fish is that day and go with their suggestions. The specialty cocktails are unique and so yummy!  Too many standouts to list! Definitely a top contender for one of our favorite spots for sushi.I went to this lovely restaurant with some friends on a less busy Sunday afternoon. Our server was a very polite young man who consistently checked on our experience and food throughout the meal.
Haiku never left me wanting. The sushi was delicious (Salmon with Avocado and Tuna with Avocado - my friends got the Salmon Sushi which so so fresh) and I also got the Gyoza, which was so satisfying and appetizing. 
My friends got the steak fried rice, which I stole much of because it was just so delicious. We sat in the partially outside portion of the restaurant which was beautiful and nicely secluded. Great experience all around - I'll be back!Really fresh fish. Rolls are delicious. Service is friendly and knowledgeable. Definitely our new favorite sushi place!Started off in the bar where it took the bartender 10 minutes before serving me. That's with only about 6 other patrons present too. Ask her to put it on the LSU game and she catches an attitude saying I have to wait because she has a drink to make. When she finally pours my beer she manages to create about 80% head and then begins to just scoop it all out with a stirring spoon before pouring more in and having to repeat a few times until she got it relatively full. When it came time for us to be seated, she again catches an attitude with me when I ask her if she can transfer the ticket to the server. Once we moved to the table she kept up her sloppy beer pouring ways to where I was actually served a beer that was only about 75% full. 
Our server was great and was able to answer all of our questions. He was prompt with service and very friendly. There was a slight miscue with my check, but he immediately rectified the issue right there with me to make sure it was all accurate. 
This place is a cool little location, but the bartender needs a serious attitude adjustment before I'd go back.One of the best sushi restaurants Uptown. Really had a fantastic experience here from start to finish. 
The bartender was incredibly friendly and helpful. Extra perks for the bar being completely separate from the main restaurant. Food was delicious, and any place that offers diced Wasabi gets a kudos from me.Seriously, this place needs a new manager to manage the place better. Service and food was slow. Looking around and saw we are probably one of the three tables they had, no wonder this place is slow.