Recently changed ownership.  Now offering AMAZING Meditteranean food (Palestinian).  Ask for a plate - they will make you spicy and delicious schwarma, kebabs, humus, spinach pies for a reasonable price (unlike most places in the bywater).   I live next door and I hardly cook for myself any more.You will over-pay for alcohol but underpay for some fantastic fried foods.
The hardest part is wading through the legions of Krusty-kids and their dogs (which they shouldn't have) to get in the door.Another review summarized it well - they have fantastic food that is very cheap there. In addition, you can acquire all of your standard corner store food supplies there for basically the price you would expect.
As a Mississippian, I am used to being able to walk into neglected looking gas station and being able to obtain some of the finest food available to humanity. As someone who likes to travel, I have come to realize this is a luxury not afforded outside of my home state as much as I am used to. Hank's is a beacon of food and hope on the edge of the 8th and 9th wards.
I was led to this location by an old friend who has been living deeply immersed in New Orleans for a few years now. He has always had a strong NOLA network and knows the ins and outs of his side of town pretty well. I arrived at Hank's confident of it's pedigree.
Inside you find a reasonably large last station based market. Pick up a snack or a drink or a beer for your walk here - it's hot outside.
Where Hank's shines, however, is the cooked food. Again, I'll roll out my Mississippi roots. We produce something like 143% of the worlds catfish and consume an additional 276% of it. We know fried catfish. We love fried catfish. We bleed and breath the stuff. We will fight you over catfish. Hank can fry some damn good catfish. For basically no money, you can leave Hanks with a bag FULL of the stuff. I believe the price was $1 for 2 fillets. The catfish I had there was the softest, flakiest, butteriest catfish that has ever melted on my palate. You would be remiss not to stop by if you needed a snack!DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS STORE. The men who work here are awful.  They should not be a part of this wonderful city or this neighborhood.  They spend all day talking shit about their customers, and could care less because they know people will continue to buy liquor and cigarettes and fried chicken and poboys 24 hours a day in this town.  After months of ending up here because it is down the block and always open, even despite the rude, indifferent attitudes I have consistently encountered, I am drawing the line.  I can't believe it took being called bitch to my face by the man taking my money to finally cut this place off.  Because my voice was too quiet while speaking to him, apparently. Other profanities were included. They received their last dollar from me tonight, and I suggest you all do the same and make the decision to spend your money elsewhere.  This place needs to go, and the only way it is going to happen is if we prove their bets wrong.  Just don't do it.Best fried chicken. Great selection of booze and staple items. I frequented this spot daily along with the rest of the people in our Batchelor party. They were open 24-7 and very friendly. I cannot express how awesome they were and the perfect spot to the dauphine area.Okay, really questionable neighborhood. Crack pipes at the checkout counter and two people asked us to buy them a beer on the way in. However we were there for the chicken. Legs & thighs only. Tenders are available. Crispy, spicy and juicy. A little bit greasy. Tenders were flavorful but a little dry. Not a repeat for us.I came in from Houston looking for some cajun loving and found it here at Hank's Super Market. I know it doesn't look like a place to eat at but looks are so deceiving. I was lost and I stopped here so my gps and load up. I walked in and smelled the food. I wasn't even really hungry but I still bought a plate. Also it's very $$$$ too. Flavor at the highest lever. I make this my stop list every time I'm in New Orleans. Try it you already done worst.I really like this place. It's open/7. They also offer delivery for a fee. You can't go wrong with their fried chicken or catfish Poboy. They also offer a wide variety of grocery items.I think Hank's is the bees knees. Hank's is usually my go-to in the Bywater for cheap hot food and good booze. They've got a decent wine selection and a pretty good liquor/beer selection. Usually a 6 pack of craft beer is 9 bucks which I find is cheap for a convenience store! They always have really interesting craft beers that I haven't seen anywhere else before. Personally, I've never had a problem with the service, but that may be because I realize it's a liquor mart/super store and not the Ritz Carleton? As far as the hot food, you can't beat it. 2 catfish filets or 2 pieces of chicken for a $1? It's so beautiful it almost makes me want to cry. If you're in the Bywater and find yourself jonesing for some hot food or cheap booze, check out Hank's!Aside from the sliiiightly creepy management, Hank's is really where it's at when it's 4 in the morning and you're starving and drunk. Their po-boys are some of the better ones I've had in the city, someone is cooking your shit- to order- 24 hours a day, and you can get a big-ass pile of seasoned french fries for like $2.65 or something.
 They run out of fried catfish a little early-on because it's DELICIOUS and it's only $.99 for two big chunks, but they still have the stuff to make the catfish po-boy at any hour. It's part liquor store, part grocery, part corner store, and part awesome little deli counter. 
While you're waiting around for your food to be made, have a look around at the groceries. There's some really good, sometimes tough-to find stuff there, hiding in the aisles of Hank's... like decent chorizo, fresh produce, good ice cream... and look at the grocery deals posted up behind the meat counter! Weird.This is currently my neighborhood convenience store, so i shop here a lot...but i was inspired to rate them because i got chicken fingers at 4 am and they were actually damn good...by convenience store standards or otherwise!  i'm also addicted to this mango soda they sell...One of the great things about New Orleans is the great neighborhood corner store. Hanks is one of those one stop shops from alcohol to groceries to hot food Hanks has it all. The food here is what everyone raves about especially the fried chicken. Though I have not had the chicken yet I couldn't pass up the 3 piece fish for ninety-nine cents, yes that .99. Few places in NOLA and especially in Bywater/Marigny can you get food that cheap. The fish I had was hot and fresh but lacked flavor. Hanks is definitely a dive so if you can get by the not-so-pretty look to the place you can find some good cheap eats.Sure, it looks like a liquor store, and it is, but it's also one of my favorite Po Boy spots in NOLA.
They will make any po' boy you want. Straight up. I've only been here late at night and the service was great. There was only one girl in charge of the sandwiches and she knew her shit and was hella fast. Unlike Gene's, you CAN get a breakfast po boy here at any time of day.Cheap hot food that is probably the best Ive had. Ive lived in Seattle and Portland and seen some good fried chicken in corner markets, but Hanks has a array of good stuff for insanely cheap. 
The store clerks that work the cash register are usually mild-mannered but at times are outrageously inappropriate. Its a get in get out kind of place.LOVE LOVE LOVE Hank's Super Market! 
I don't understand the complaints about the staff and the like. This is not a restaurant, 5 star dining place.  Hank's is what it is- a little ol' 24 hr urban supermarket / convenience store in the Bywater district. It's a must- stop on a New Orleans visit. 
Talk about atmosphere! Ya pull up and park, there's always someone panhandling or sleeping on the side of the building and a police car up front. No harm no foul, never a problem. Walk in, rarely acknowledged by the clerk, so what?  They are usually selling liquor or smokes to someone.
Go to the food counter, ogle the many options.  Since I usually get there after 11pm, lots of stuff is gone, but I usually share a sandwich with my sister and they make it up fresh.  And OMG what a sandwich it is! HUGE, fresh, delish!  The prices are incredible.
While waiting for said sandwich to be prepared, it's so much fun to walk the aisles at Hank's.  Necessities mixed in with oddities. Some dusty items- who knows how long they've been there? Part of the ambience that is Hank's.
I have purchased a few other sundries here as well. The cashiers aren't personality plus but they are efficient and have never been rude to me either. Let's face it, they deal with EVERYONE- wasted street folk, scared tourists, surly tired people, neighborhood kids, people that want to get their "five finger discount" during busy times-  you name it they come through and the staff surely have their hands full.
If you want low prices on your toothpaste or laundry detergent or Yellow Tail Pinot Noir or whatever, drive a few miles to Target or Walmart. I accept Hanks for what it is and will return again and again.I've never known a grocery store to be such a cultural institution as Hank's is. There's almost like a mythos about it. It seems like there's always a crowd of people hanging outside it's hallowed walls---the crowd is always the same, but the people who comprise it change with the days. The people who work at Hanks are polite, efficient, and fun, and yet at the same time are inscrutable and otherworldly. The selection of goods and foods one can procure from Hanks is varied; impressive to the point of being bewildering. 
For me, what perhaps makes Hank's a true enigma is the quality of their hot food bar. Though from the outside, and indeed, in some ways from the inside as well, Hank's gives off the impression of a run down gas station, that hot food bar is nothing short of incredible. Though the food is always incredible, if you are lucky enough to swing by after a fresh batch of fried catfish, fried chicken, corn dogs, empanadas, and lots of other comfortingly greasy options have just come out of the fryer, you are in for a wonderful delight.
Hank's might feel like a pile of contradictions; a house of signifiers which actively work to avoid evoking or representing its beautiful, wonderful offerings. Though Hank's might have a disconnect between its presentation and its content, rest assured that the quality of their service,  products, and hot food is consistently superb.Continuing my journey of writing reviews of all the deli's that I've come to know in New Orleans I must make a stop at Hanks. 
Oh Hank, whoever you are.. I love your convenience, I adore your poorboys, and I put up with you and your shenanigans. 
Little momma in the kitchen - you know how to appease my appetite for fried seafood on bread probably better than anybody I've ever met. Lettuce, tomato, pickles, extra hot sauce. 
Guys behind the counter - you're not as funny as you think you are, and stop over charging me when I'm not paying attention! (ie. when I'm drunk..)
I will keep coming tho.. until, that is, you are forced out by a large, unwanted, corporate chain store.All of my family is from New Orleans so I know what a good po' boy tastes like.  I was visiting from Atlanta with my girlfriend who had never been to new orleans.  We were dedicated to eating good seafood while down there, and found Hanks while searching Yelp on the trusty iPhone.  I was familiar with the part of town because my grandmother lived maybe a mile from there.  It is a shady part of town for tourists but it was raining out and I think they all retreated indoors.  Anyway I got 2 dressed shrimp po boys.  Nice sized shrimp for a sandwich and great french bread.  I loved the chewy new orleans french bread.  This place is a liquor store but people know it has some good food.  Tomatoes and lettuce were nice and fresh, I don't usually eat too much tomato, but these were so juicy and ripe.  I recommend this place to grab a quick bite  before hitting the Quarters or something.  My girlfriend ate her sandwich faster than me!  2 thumbs up.aweeesome!
Hank's is open 24hrs a day.  It's a liquor/convenience store with an integrated po'boy shop.  Catfish po'boys, a coke and twix is where it's at.  in that order.
pretty close to the quarter, and decent prices.  i'm down for a late-night po' boy.  who's driving?!After landing in New Orleans and getting settled in the house, a search for a place to get liquor, beer, and a bite to eat commenced. Our hostess, ever so gracious, left a map of places to visit. Under the heading "Groceries" was Hank's. I was hoping for an actual grocery store but without a car I had to make due. 
Hank's was only about a six minute walk from the house. From the outside it is your typical convenience store: big sign, parking lot, folks loitering out front. The inside wasn't much of a departure from your typical convenience store: lots of snacks, lots of beer and liquor. But with Hank's you can get fresh cooked food. Chicken and po boys were the biggest options with varying sizes. You could get a hamburger bun sized po boy all the way up to a twelve inch. My boyfriend decided to go with an oyster po boy which he said was very good. I, unfortunately, wasn't hungry at the time and missed a great opportunity. 
Hank's is great if you need a quick drink or snack. it is even better if you have an appetite and want a po boy.I had their chicken once before at a potluck thing and thought it was really great, so I ordered a bunch for our new years party. It was a big hit, everyone was raving about it! The flavoring of the batter is great, its got a little kick to it and is super flavorful. Plus they deliver which is always a plus. I will definitely be ordering their chicken for all of our future events!I haven't seen much not to like about Hanks. They have a good selection of beer, wine and hard liquor.
They're friendly enough, and most importantly, they make delicious po'boys. Their hot sausage is like Gene's a few blocks away, but slightly less greasy, and slightly more delicious. That's to say, thin hot sausage, never over-cooked or over-tough, with nice cheap cheese, melty on top if you ask. Crucially, it's also something like $4.59, for 12 inches! Their shrimp po'boy is more like 9 bucks for 12 inches, maybe 8 bucks (?), but it's delicious, fried to order, and when you get it dressed the lady puts some kind of wonderful hot-sauce-and-ketchup concoction.
The only major issue I've had is that their roast beef po'boy is not a New Orleans roast beef po'boy, with debris and chunks of slow cooked beef, it's just slices of big ugly grey roast beef. Stay away from it. But don't stay away from Hanks.I used to work right down the street from this place.  It is a little bit nicer than your average ghetto as hell corner store.  It is only allowable to call this a Super Market based on the extremely low standards New Orleans sets for grocery stores.  
There is some produce, a deli counter, and some frozen stuff.  Other than that, it is a place to get super cheap and greasy food, beer, cigarettes.
Expect to see some gnarly people on the way to hanks as this is pretty much gutter punk, street person, crack head hangout zone.
It gets three stars for being the closest place to get salty food during hungover Mondays.  Or Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, or Fridays.I took my wife to hanks bar and grill,i would have to say the over all experience was incredible. The organic ambiance and atmosphere can not be recreated. We were a little intimidated at first because we wouldn't necessarily be considered the social elites and we had heard it was very upscale, but it was our anniversary and i thought we should treat ourselves. Much to our surprise the wait staff was actually very down to earth and accommodating. Our server Sat is in the outdoor courtyard and we started with drinks, i had the vintage bourbon known as Evan Williams which came highly recommended by a man sitting at the table next to us and my wife(not much of a dark liquor drinker) had the md2020. For our appetizer we had the two piece chicken, let me tell you the chef knows what he's doing. When i had to go to the bathroom i was pleasantly surprised about the unique vintage alleyway design. Suddenly actors came out and started what appeared to be a modern new orleans rendition of Macbeth. When there was a stabbing the actor really sold it. Hanks even sprang for a prop ambulance to carry the actor away, that's dedication! Overall i would advise anyone to go to hanks, i wish i could give it more than 5 stars.It happened as so often it does when in New Orleans -- you're driving along and going back and forth about where to pick up food.  You want to either eat outside (because, hello, still a pandemic), or find a place where you can pick it up to take back home.  We were driving up St. Claude when all of a sudden, my friend shouts "IT'S HANK'S!  PULL OVER!!"  
Turns out, she's heard great things and had never happened to stopped by as it's a little out of her typical range of errands, so we pulled over right quick to make a stop. 
It's tight inside, but that's only because the deliciousness fills up the entire space.  It's like the best of local gas station food (which, in NOLA is an actual thing that you can take pride in) with out the gas pumps outside.  We bought way more food than we needed (because who turns away great leftovers), and our beverages for the afternoon's festivities, and went home to enjoy.I can only speak on the chicken that I got from Hank's while visiting New Orleans. Originally, my friend brought some of this chicken over to the bar we were going to and once I tasted it I needed more! A hot and juicy thigh piece friend to crisp perfection. Honestly, the fried and crispy skin were a thing of beauty even before you get to the chicken underneath. Oh and did I mention that you get two pieces for 99 cents?! Yep, that's right, two quarters gets you two pieces of the best fried chicken you'll ever eat! Do yourself a favor and get some today!No small market seems to define its neighborhood more than Hank's Supermarket in the Bywater. While you might not find it listed in any tourism brochures, Hank's is a place of legend; from the locals who darken the door, to the fried chicken and daily food specials. It's served as a place of comfort for many New Orleanians for about 50 years.
Walking into Hank's, you can immediately tell it's a bit different from other corner stores. Not only is there a 24/7/365 hidden treasure of an extensive craft beer and wine selection, but you can get a hot meal whenever you want it.
New Orleans is known as a food town and the corner stores are no different. Everyone seems to have that one thing they are known for- for Hank's, it's fried chicken. My original intention was to enjoy this delicacy at home, but the smell of the 4-piece dark meat was so enticing, that I had to throw caution to the wind and sneak a few test bites in the car. The flaky crust and tender meat made for a delicious surprise, and for about $3.50 for four pieces, this might be one of the best fried chicken deals in town.
Even if it's your first time visiting Hank's, there's something about the place that feels familiar and welcoming, kind of like New Orleans itself. More than a market, it's a home away from home that has a little bit of everything you need -- whether you realize it or not.
*Portions of this review was originally written, by me, for Very Local New Orleans. Read the full story here: https://nola.verylocal.com/inspiring-songs-massive-instagram-following-delicious-chicken-hanks-supermarket-is-the-quirky-corner-store-of-the-bywater-thats-all-heart/158370/I've eaten here a couple times, and its pretty straight up.  One time I got a shrimp poboy, and the grease was old, therefore the shrimp, were old, but the guy at the front counter?  had the chef, dump it, and remake it, and that was really really over the top nice.
BUT, they have a ham and cheese poboy, 12 inches of simplicity, and only 3.99.   wow.  
thats my latest addiction, especially after a hangover kind o nite.I ordered a grilled Shrimp Po Boy & a crawfish pie via DoorDash. In the notes/comments I asked that my Po Boy be dressed. 
Po Boy - I wasn't sure what I would get because in New Orleans dresses can be many different things. Omgsh it's so Good! The French bread seems to have been warmed on a griddle, the shrimp which are huge, are seasoned perfectly. The sandwich has lettuce, onions, pickles, bell peppers. I don't know who made it, but keep them making the sandwiches, Mmmmm. I was so full just from 1/2 (photo shows 1/2 sandwich), but wanted to review to crawfish pie as well.
Crawfish Pie - It was Eh. I got crust only in my first bite. It could use much more filling particularly meat, also needs more seasoning (salt may help), if you are the type of person that like food a bit on the blander side then this is for you. It has a hint of flavor, but I was missing the flavoring of what New Orleans usually has, that the Po Boy had. (FYI for a GREAT crawfish pie go to Cajun Seafood in East or Uptown)
Thought the crawfish pie was ehhh I can't ding them because the Grilled Shrimp Po Boy is everythingAs the old saying goes, don't judge a book by its cover. I'm visiting NoLA and staying nearby to Hank's. I had mistaken this place for a couple of days as a Fried Chicken joint (which they do have) but low and behold its a fantastic oversized convenience store! I walked in with low expectations, and walked out feeling like I got a great deal and found myself wanting to write a positive review. 
They have a fantastic selection of beer, wine, and spirits. They even have ice cold individual cans of beer near the checkout. The selection of other grocery items (higher than normal selection of mixers - thumbs up) is quite impressive. 
Others rave about the fried chicken. I didn't try it. 
-1* though for the potential that this place may discriminate against the LGBTQ community. I hope it isn't true.Visiting New Orleans, wanted to eat local place not in French Quarter. Saw this place had good reviews and said why not?  Oyster Poboy was delicious, it was spicy and oysters were large and my husband's sausage sandwich was fantastic. Not coming to New Orleans to eat at chain places or just tourist trap joints. Give this place a try.Lord yes this was a good poboy. It was like 1 in the morning so they didn't have trout or oysters so I got a catfish poboy and omg. Definitely the best poboy I've had in quite some time.Sadly, after discovering the racist/homophobic/transphobic nature of the cashiers at Hanks, I'm pledging not to come here again. They've always been nice to me, but I'm white, and I pass. However, I am nonbinary and in solidarity with those who have been discriminated against by this establishment, and I no longer support this store.This was our go to place for everything on our stay in New Orleans in the Bywater. The food was great (shrimps po boy, 0.99$ fish) and good choice of beer and wine! The staff is working hard! Those people are hard working men and women. Merci pour tout!I mean it's a liquor store with a lot of interesting characters hanging outside. It works for me because it's next door to the theater that I work. But I mean it's not very safe around (although I haven't been mugged fingers crossed) the prices are cool some drinks can be slightly high. The staff have their days I've gone in and they were nice to me and others it's like nothing.Great selection of bottled beer at cheap prices.  Po-boys are good and cheap. Don't trip over the gutter punks and drunks  lounging out front.Best po boy I had in New Orleans. I think it's all about their bread. Crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. Better than the standard po boy bread. Make sure to ask for it "Dressed".Finally made time to go to Hank's and I'm so glad I did. 
I went for breakfast and it is easily now one of my top favs in the city. I got eggs, grits, a biscuit, and sausage for $2. It wasn't a small either. The guys in here, especially the nice lady cooking, were very cool people. i didn't feel rushed or as if any of them had a problem with my indecisiveness. I can't wait to go back during a different time of the day and see what other deliciousness they have.I was staying at a spot bout 6 blocks down. 
I stopped at Hanks 4 nights in a row for 2 pieces of fried chicken.
One night, I had 2 pieces before the bar and 2 pieces after.
One morning, I got 2 pieces. 
Hanks is the New Orleans equivalent of NYC's Kennedy fried chicken, palace fried or obama fried (yes it exists) is terms of taste, texture and hourly return potential.
Heck, actually, Hanks is ALL of the others put together. It is really good and HALF the price.I love yolanda. I have been here sober and drunk, either way it's a great idea. It's cheap, simple and accommodating. I will say sometimes the men behind the counter are brisk when I am with friends who look like gutter punks, but I guess they have lost patience.  Never dress too skanky and walk out of hanks, people will think you're a whore (this happened to me twice).   They actually have some organic items and produce.Would have given them a zero if I could. Disgusting dirty asshole cashiers. Never againI have ordered beverages from Hank's through Drizly several times during the pandemic. The first time, my delivery person was wearing gloves and a mask. The last 2 times I've had a different delivery person than the first, both times she arrived without a mask. I complained to Drizly the first time and was told it was taken care of. Nope. Will avoid Hank's whether there's a pandemic or not.I often stop in here for middle-of-the-night packs of cold beer or a last minute bottle of vino. The food here is pretty damn tasty for the price. You can't beat it at 5am! Poboys, fried chicken, catfish, and little scrimpys. (that's 5am talk for shrimp) They don't always have all the items on the menu but Yolanda will let you know what's up. 
The only downside is there are people outside 24/7 asking for spare change. So be prepared for that.This place is horrible. They make up prices as they go and the guys behind the counter have huge attitude problems. Their chicken gives me the shits everytime too.I just paid $19.61 for a 12 pack of Abita Strawberry in cans on Thursday. I realize that convenience stores mark up, but that is RIDICULOUS.  Will not go there again. Their chicken made me really sick once, so I can't get that there anymore either.This place is kinda scary after dark. Also, I went to buy some Rose's Lime Juice from there and it had turned brown because it expired 4 years ago. The gutter punks outside don't make it much better either...True, the 2-piece dark fried chicken for $1 is one of the best deals in the city. Perfectly seasoned and fried,  You can't go wrong. 
Went there today and walked out without food. The woman working the kitchen today (She has a short fuzzy blond hairdo. Afro, brush down, or short perm? Idk) ignored me in favor of her phone call for three minutes. After she politely told the person on the phone she'd call them back, she asked for my order- 8-inch ham & cheese. As she put on gloves, another customer walked up. She asked for his order (fried chicken, fish, and chips) and PREPARED IT FOR HIM BEFORE starting my sandwich. 
Finally, she began my sandwich. When I noticed she intended to cut the bun entirely in half I asked her not to. She ignored me and did so  anyway. No problem- I asked for another bun.  She argumentatively informed me that I could not have my bun split on one side only.
I realize this seems like a minor (or anal retentive) thing but when eating a po'boy the last thing you want are your sandwich contents squeezing out from both sides of your bread. 
I mentioned to her that other kitchen workers do not make the sandwiches that way. Her response was that the boss man wants the bread cut completely in half and the other workers refuse to listen to the boss. 
Side note -I'm sure the boss man says not to talk on the phone when there are customers waiting to be served. Didn't seem like she was trying to be Employee of the Month to me... 
I asked again for another bun. She refused. I walked out. 
Never had such bad service there in my life. You best believe if I ever walk through the door and find her working the kitchen, they won't have to worry about my business.Came to Hank's off of our friends recommendation, we were surprised to see a beat up super market. However, we took her advice and got a shrimp poboy and some fried chicken.
Sorry for the lack of chicken picture, we were too hungry on our walk home so we ate that, it was beautifully seasoned and delicious - juicy and oily, exactly what you expect from high quality fried chicken. The poboy left much to be desired though.
Only downside of this place is the area. While we waited for our food, an employee (who seemed to be the owner) got into a pretty heated argument with who seemed to be a drunk customer and made a lot of people feel uncomfortable.Vile in every way. The food is greasy and disgusting and sits there all day. The store still smells like a cheapo meat market even though they have not sold meat in over a year. The place is dirty. The beer is expensive. Food sits on the shelves is long past its end date. The clerks are all rude (except they had one really nice lady working there very briefly, and it gave me hope. Haven't seen her in months). They sell clean white t-shirts for the johns who get hand jobs in the parking lot, and glass pipes for crack. What keeps bringing me into this shithole? Milk for my morning cereal, Doritos and Squirt soda for my Pimm's cups. If any of that could be purchased somewhere else closer to my home, I would. If Hank's went away the whole neighborhood would celebrate.not only can you get cheap po-boys inside, but illicit drugs are often available outside. food differs in quality depending on who is working, yolando hooks it up but tell her to go easy on the mayo unless you love mayo. miller high life has been on sale for 5.44 out the door for a sixer of tall cans, not a bad deal. the cashiers run the gambit between indifferent to down right rude. but that par for the course the know they are the only option for drunken 9th ward residents and st claude party goers...until someone opens a 24 hour taco stand that is....What can I say? I love Hanks! Where else can you go and get a six pack ,smokes, fried chicken and an oogle girl? They literally have everything you need for a great evening. Other places don't let the homeless traveling kids into their parking lots, which makes it really inconvenient having to walk out to the neutral ground to find a date for the night. Overall a wonderful place.Five stars for Alex alone. Sometimes out of my liquor but only Because of business. Lady behind sandwich line could be nicer but the porous AMAzing. Love this place. Stop in every day.After years of regrettable service to this store I have discontinued my business with them. They have an overpriced and wanting  beer selection ; their food is just above "edible" and overpriced. Their "fresh" produce is damaged or spoiled and also overpriced. The only redeeming quality of the place is a few nice folk that work there. The owner is a straight up prick who threatens and screams at the clientele , and that is barely the worst of it. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your money here. It's too bad that I cannot give zero stars to this vermin infested prop of a business. Boo! Hiss!Two pieces of fried chicken at all hours of the night for a buck. 
Two strips of cat fish at all hours of the night for a buck.
You can even get vegetables, booze, and fucking refrigerated ravioli here.
This place is a godsend.Don't take your girlfriend here. Leave your in-laws at home. Don't wear a particularly nice pair of shoes. Just get your ass over here and get Yolanda to fix you a catfish po boy dressed, with hot sauce. Be nice, and she'll fry that catfish to order, at which time you'll be in the parking lot, eating off the hood of your car, and thanking all things holy that you spent those seven bucks.Hank's is awesome.  They have po-boys and beer, they're open 24 hours, and unlike the pink place, their po-boys are GOOD.  Best cheap shrimp po-boy around, especially since if you drunkenly decide you want one at 3am, Hank's can actually make that happen.  And if you decide you want to get drunker?  They can make that happen, too.  
Plus, the other night i went to Hank's to get a poboy and watched a schizophrenic Latino man mistake a crustpunk for Jesus.  That kind of shit is worth a visit in itself.Ate a shrimp po boy and i wasnt impressed at all the tomatoes werent fresh and the shrimp were huge but not a great flavor mayo tasted cheapYes, it is a liquor store. Yes, it is in a dodgy part of town. Yes people panhandle right out front. And yes, I absolutely love it.
I am giving this place 5 stars to make myself feel better about how much time I spend here. The fact that a liquor store is probably my favorite place in town might indicate a personality flaw, but I'm going to ignore it for the time being. My experience with their po-boys is limited only to the breakfast one, and it is definitely worth it.
Yolanda works here every night, and she and I have a great relationship. She will pretty much make you anything you want, which is awesome, but lately I have been getting the cheeseburger, which is a big, sloppy, delicious mess and perfect for drunk devouring, no pictures please. I have no idea how much anything costs here, because I am always completely inebriated by the time I make it through those sacred doors.
 I recommend eating whatever food you buy on the curb outside the door. I promise you, you will not meet such an eclectic and interesting group of people ever again, or at least until you come back.The meatloaf is amazing.  It's homemade and succulent.  I highly recommend it. Also, the fried chicken is fresh and they have a huge selection of wine.We were quite tipsy coming from some local restaurant bar and it was passed midnight. Nothing else seem to be open but a friend suggested that I try Hanks supermarket because they have hot food. So after Hanks we go and I look at the menu and find out that they have chicken and french fries and hamburgers and I was super excited. I ordered a burger with french fries and my friend ordered chicken and some other stuff. The lady who only spoke predominately Spanish hook me the hell up. The burger was like the size of a gourmet Barneys burger that you pay something like 15 or $20 for I got for like eight bucks maybe 10 at most inc. fries!!! It was very tasty and I got all the fixings. 
The owner, a Portugués guy... not so friendly rung up and we got out of there. If I'm ever in Nola again I'll be back!This place saved me. I was starving at 2am after a night on Frenchmen St, and didn't even know this place existed until our cab driver heard me talking about trying to get food. He suggested that I try the fried chicken or chicken tenders at Hank's, which is open 24 hours. I got 2 pieces of fried chicken and 2 pieces of fried catfish for a total of $2. Best $2 I've ever spent!Hank's pulled through for late night delivery when another place cancelled our order an hour passed the time that it was placed!
I got the fried shrimp po boy and there were big, juicy, seasoned shrimp in every bite.  
The lettuce, tomato and mayo only created a fresh and creamy bed for the shrimps but did not take away from the main feature of the sandwich.  The bread itself was also substantial and did it's job to tuck in the fried shrimp goodness.
Definitely consider Hank's for your late night order.Best instagram in town. Best parking lot show in town. Fried chicken's not bad, either.It was quite the characters in there. Didn't have most ideal situation. Liquor was fair priced and can you purchase a full meal with your alcohol. The fried chicken was salty as heck though.NOT LGBTQ FRIENDLY.
At least one of the regular clerks is  downright rude and dismissive of queer folks.
Please do not confuse this place with "Hank's Meat Market" down the street. Those folks are sweet.Best oyster po-boys in this part of town. Which is enough reason for anybody to go.Hanks is the best place, hands down, for fried chicken poboys. Also, cool fact the manager of the kitchen, Sonja, was in Beyoncé's music video for Lemonade. She's a sweet heart and she will speak with you in Spanish. ¡Ya tu sabes, te amo Hanks!I never understood (until last night) why my ex-boyfriend who is from Lebanon always hated going there with me. He speaks Arabic fluently. He would always greet them with the traditional: "Hello my brother, hi how are you, good thanks, fine my brother.", greeting in Arabic each time we'd walk in. Every time we left he seemed to be very angry. He always refused to tell me why. Why? Well, now I know. Last night, I questioned a price and was called, in English, a "JEW BITCH". 
I've spoken with others on this subject today and found out more terrible experiences. The men that work there use every racist comment in the book about almost every patron. Additionally, they stand behind the counter smoking, which is common in Arabic and Middle Eastern countries but hey man you ain't in Syria. Get a clue. After you hear the Arabic language enough you kind of know what they are talking about. But for real? Straight up English. Line drawn. 
Pay attention if you actually do want to shop at Hank's: They WILL double charge or over-charge you. They don't give you itemized receipts for a reason. I've been over charged so many times but if you catch it they act like it was a mistake and correct it. They think because they are the only 24hr convenience store in the neighborhood that they can get away with murder. WRONG. 
My suggestion: Drive the 8 blocks to Wagner's which is also owned by Arabic men. Difference? They will treat you with respect, not try and slip bogus charges past you and their prices are FAIR.The Hank's Manifesto
By Dr M Herzberg
A neighborhood can be compared to a living organism. Its streets are the veins, its homes are the skin, its trees and plants are the lungs, and its many varied inhabitants are the brain and central nervous system. But as any scientist (such as myself) can tell you, no organism can survive without a heart. In the case of the organism that is the Marigny/Bywater, Hank's fulfills that role.
This is true on a physical level: Hank's moves our bloodstream by providing it with precious resources such as 40's of malt beverages, corn dogs, "tobacco" pipes, Roquefort cheese, canned beans, etcetera.
But more importantly, Hank's is the neighborhood's spiritual heart. People come to Hank's from all walks of life to heal, to escape the nihilist horror and alienation which day-to-day life in our capitalist society inevitably accompany. Hank's cares not whether you have won today's battle with your inner daemons or whether guilt and shame consumes you. Hank's is here for you to listen, without judgement, and to bless your broken soul.
Yes, they were allegedly anti-semites, back in days of yore. That's a big no-no. But this era of hatred has passed, as the employees who perpetrated these vile injustices have been tried and punished in the international court of Hank's. The banality of evil has been replaced with the totality of love and understanding. The new Hankers are people of honor and integrity, and they will hold your head on their bosoms and sing their sweet lullabies as you weep your tears of sorrow, washing away years of emotional repression and resentment.
The pressing question remains: who is Hank? Is Hank the owner who benevolently smiles at us from his hidden palace? Is Hank the lady who makes the fried chicken in disguise? Is Hank the crusty in the parking lot who asks you for 47 cents? Hank remains a misunderstood figure, because in truth, there is no one Hank. Hank is an ethereal concept: we are all Hank.
As such I invite you to see for yourself the greatest organization in this country, nay, on this planet. Be it for an afternoon shrimp po-boy (with extra hot sauce) or a handjob in the parking lot (not officially endorsed by Hank's, but they'll provide you with lube and napkins), come and awaken your inner ubermensch as you do away with the corpse of Judeo-Christian morality and see the truth beyond good and evil: Hank.I lived in easy walking distance of Hank's for a year, and though I loved Mardi Gras Zone (just down Port St a couple blocks) and wrote a paean to its wonders, I never really appreciated Hank's, certainly not enough to send it up a sweet review.
But I get it now. I get you, Hank's. 
Hank's is precisely on my path to Red's Chinese. So on days when I'm doing the bare minimum of humaning possible, I can swing by Hank's to pick up groceries, bevs, random produce, strange seltzer or whatever else my heart desires as I'm on the way to scoop up my take out.
Most recently, my heart's desire was a single yellow onion. 
But if I'd wanted anything else, like BASICALLY ANYTHING, I'm pretty sure they would've had it. 
I also really like the hodge-podge piecemal nature of the place. The floors peal and slant, reveal concrete beneath them. The beer case in the back is clouded with condensation so you have to open the coolers to look in. There are hidden vegetables at the back of the store. Oh and a hot counter that I hear has good food? 
What a world!The food was ok. It seemed a little chaotic behind the counter as they took a while to get to me. They could have put a little more meat on my sandwich, but I was super hungry so I still ate it. They do need to do a little better as far as presentation of the food. I understand it's a corner store, but presentation is still everything.I can't believe this hasn't been mentioned, but Hank's may have the cheapest fried chicken in the city. At 99¢ for a two-piece, no one's complaining about the fact that the grease they use will melt a hole through your stomach lining. I don't understand why gutterpunks come from all over the city to sit in front of this place, but it has a following. It could be the $5 for a six-pack of High Life tallboys deal.  Living around the corner, I end up there once or twice a month, like an amnesiac, stuffing my face with their mediocre and six-hour-old fried chicken.Firstly, this place is WAYYYY overpriced. Secondly, this store is owned and run by a bunch of misogynistic men who make snide sexual comments about women and insult women who are of, or who look like they are of Jewish descent. I have lived in New Orleans for many years, but have never witnessed such behavior, especially from behind the counter. I will be sharing my thoughts with EVERYONE I know, especially in the Marigny, Bywater, and 9th Ward. In the words of Dr Bob, this business should "Be Nice or Leave". 'Nuff said.What a find.  We were staying at an Airbnb rental close by and were exhausted after a night, and day and night on the go.  We really wanted something close and good for a quick dinner.  We walked over to Hanks and grabbed food.  I got a 6" catfish poboy and hubs got the grilled shrimp poboy.  They were great!  We also grabbed a 2 piece chicken.  The prices were unbelievable.  My sandwich was less than 5 bucks and was so loaded with fish and topping I couldn't finish it.  My husbands shrimp which was grilled fresh to order and a 12" sandwich loaded with shrimp was $10!  Cheap and delicious... We grabbed the 2 piece chicken well because it was 2 for a dollar and smelled great, sadly we didn't eat it since we were both stuffed but both tried a bit it and it was good too.  Did I mention they are open 24 hours..Ate there several times recently by going to the store and ordering. They have some of the best chicken tenders I have ever had. The poboys are on point as well. The chaotic nature of the place just adds to the experience.EVERYONE HAS RIGHTS
Recently, I went to Hank's Meat Market on St. Claude. As I was checking out, one clerk turned to the other, gestured in my direction and mumbled "Faggot." I waited until I was all settled up, then calmly replied!  "May God have mercy on your soul" and left. 
I returned last night because it's convenient and I was in a hurry. I'd only just entered the store when the clerk called me out and said, "We don't want your business in here."Stopped into Hank's to pick up a few beers before a crawfish boil. We met Lisa, the owner,and her 5 sweet children! They were all super friendly and it reminded me of growing up in my parent's store. They're working hard to make the market successful! The market has a good selection of beer and everything you would need from a convenience store. Lisa asked us to come back the next day for some of her jerk chicken, but we didn't get the chance. Hopefully we'll get to go soon! I think it's super important to support local businesses like these.Fraudulent charge on my credit card. Seriously, almost $1300 worth of Hank's Supermarket stuff?? And no one at Hank's batted an eye?? Come on. And before you say anything, the credit card company told me EXACTLY where you are located, so I know I have the correct place. Thank God for American Express!!This place employs homophobes and bigots. Take your money elsewhere...and do not tolerate hate NOLA!We ordered from Hank's after trying to order from Felix's and Sala, which were both closed. We had a hankering for fried seafood. 
I ordered a shrimp plate, chicken strip plate, fish plate and a philly steak and cheese sandwich. I think the fried food was on point. It looked and smelled good. I had a piece of my wife's fish. It was a bit chewy, but I'm not sure if that was because of the travel from the shop to our home. The sandwich had a good flavor with the right amount of mayo. The hoagie was soft and fluffy, although I would've preferred french bread. The biggest sin was the lack of meat. I mean, it's a philly steak. Where's the beef Hank? Look at the pic. Half of my sandwich had no meat, just lettuce and mayo. Now, I ate every bit of it, but it was a disappointment nonetheless.