My husband and I came here once and we have been wanting to go back ever since lol !!  It's so good here. Price is worth all you get and the flavor.  the special sauce which i forgot the name, well that bish is good!  Bell pepper awesome, crawfish fries oh my, and i love that they use normal real size wings not those over-injected hormone wings. Keep doing what yall doing!It's good chicken but the line was kinda long which is no fun. But definitely worth the wait, especially on late nights with friends.These crawfish fries made our night. Stopped by on way to Pelican game and chef jeff out did it. Fantastic food, warm people, cool place. Cant go wrong.Gourmet in the ghetto. 5 stars for the food. I can not wait to go back. So I'll be going back for dinner. I had the super dome... excellentSecond time visiting New Orleans and this is THE BEST meal I have eaten yet. The service was phenomenal and the food was even better. Everyone was so friendly, it was clearly a well loved local spot! I got the bourbon street , the best fried chicken I've ever had on top a bed of macaroni and cheese. The chef even paid us a visit and thanked us for our stopping by! They even gave us complementary bread pudding which, as you expected, was delicious. We're only here for 1 more day but considering repeating this meal is was so delicious!Hole in the wall-- one table inside and two tables outside. But fantastic food! The super dome was amazing. Our server was so sweet and went above and beyond what was expected. 10 stars for service if I could. Too bad I was only visiting or I would be back at Heard Dat already!OMGosh, the review is hella late but worth my time to go in and approve of their 5 star rating! We visited this place in March during our 1st time to the N.O. and thanks to Yelp, we were not disappointed. We have several friends and family that visit all the time and NOT one person told us about this place. Thanks again Yelp! 
I ordered the Superdome, which came with potatoes, blanked fish, onion rings, corn and some kind of seafood creamy sauce. I could have taken a bath in that sauce!! Please let me get lost in the sauce! It was so freaking fracking delicious! And it was seasoned to perfection!
We searched for the best "creole" style food and that popped right up! 
Location: if you blink, you'll miss the building, the sweet lady (with her awesome accent) that answered the phone literally came outside to flag us down to help us find the place. 
Inside: it's really small, but I didn't mind sitting in there, it made me feel warm and fuzzy, as if I belonged there. They do have a few tables right outside the door if you're like eating outdoors.
Residences, tourists, stopping through on the way to another city, do yourself a solid and pop this address into the GPS. You're welcomeThis review is overdue, but better late than never.
My girlfriends and I visited Heard Dat Kitchen on 26 January.  When we got there, were a bit taken aback at the size (we were not familiar with the area, so we didn't know).  We walked in, and there were guests seated and dining.  It was a tight fit, indeed.  We gave each other the serious side eye, and were about to leave, when the guests' dishes were brought out...
OMGOODNESS!
One guest had the seafood extravaganza (yep, we were nosy and asked them what they ordered), one had the Superdome, and the others...well, I was too focused on that seafood extravaganza... :-)
When we saw the guest bite into his food and then start to shake his head in that "OMG...this is so good" manner, we immediately got comfortable, and decided to get in on this!
The staff was so friendly and laid back (that's a big plus for me).  It was pretty chilly out, so we didn't want to eat outside; however, we didn't want our food to get cold if we ordered takeout.  So, we just waited for the tables to clear.  
We ordered the red beans and rice w/fish, skeesh wings, and shrimp and grits, and the crawdat fries.  The fish was a white flaky fish that was perfectly seasoned, crispy on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. My friend cleaned her plate of shrimp and grits so quickly.  The shrimp were fresh and the grits cooked like they are supposed to be cooked, creamy and soft.The super dome was a thing of beauty! My girlfriend didn't do much talking, except to look up once and give us the "A-ok" sign.
What really stood out to me were the fries and the skeesh wings.  I ordered some regular fries, because I'm not that sweet on crawfish (sorry).  When the fries came out, they were piping hot, and they were NOT greasy.  I expected to find some oil residue on the plate, but absolutely none.  We took the skeesh wings back to the condo (we were stuffed), and saved them for the next day.  When we got to them the next day, they were STILL crispy!  And the sauces - Do Geedah! Lawdamussy!  Finger licking good!
This place is the truth!  Good food prepared and presented by a staff that takes pride in their work.  You cannot go wrong visiting here.  A trip to N'awlins without a stop at Heard Dat Kitchen is asinine!I am still drooling. His daughter took our order. She knew exactly what I wanted, even before I wanted this. The food is plated to perfection. This is really 5 star food at 2 star prices. Don't let the minimal seating throw you off. Get it to go if you must. Uber eats. Fly your magic carpet there. Send a friend. It's family run, and I'm rarely blown away. I was blown off my high chair yesterday. I don't write a lot of reviews, but I HAD to write this one. I tasted my friends onion rings. I've eaten a lot of onion rings people. I also wanted to lick my plate, but that would have embarrassed my parents and neither of them were there. I wanted to jump through the window and snatch them out if the fryer or skillet, but that would be in poor taste wouldn't it? Lol Go. Just go.We had and absolutely amazing lunch a Heard Dat Kitchen! We had Bassa fish with Crawdat Sauce and Mustard Greens! It was such a taste treat! We're from Sacramento California and heard about it from a friend who works at Bike Easy and we'd highly recommend it!!!!First day in NOLA & this is our first meal here  and it did not disappoint! We got the Bourbon street & crawdat fries, both were sooo delicious!! And the customer service was good as well! Very friendly! You're gonna miss out if you don't try this place.I finally made it! After months of wanting to try this place I swung by and grabbed the Superdome to go for lunch today.  When I got home and opened the box I realized it was packed with enough food for two meals for me. They definitely make sure you won't be left hungry.  
The dish itself was delicious! The fish was so fresh and cooked quite well. The lobster potatoes, lobster cream sauce, and sweet corn came together perfectly to put this dish high on my list of comfort foods. 
The young woman behind the counter was as sweet and personable as could be while she chatted with me and other customers while we waited for our food. 
I'll be back very soon to try the Surf and Turf next. It sounds amazing, too. 
Bon Appétit magazine needs to be sure to try this place on their next visit to New Orleans when looking for the best new restaurant for 2018. It's really that good.Visited this place just because of a list that was going around about food spots in New Orleans that's black owned. Just a quick review; the food here was very good. I had the bourbon street Love, which was fried chicken and mac and cheese with crawfish sauce. Man I tell ya that crawfish sauce is what put this place over the top. The Fried Chicken was already good, along with the Mac and Cheese. My partner had the red beans and rice with the fried chicken which she loved as well. Just like what other people said we had the pleasure of being served by the chef's daughter. She was the best. Another thing that put this place at a 5* for me. She even told us of different places she recommended for us to check out. We definitely took her up on a few of them and they were great.Superdome and Dat Shyt. This place was delicious. I thought I didn't like lobster, but now I'm confinced I've just never had good lobster. Service was good and the food is killer.This is a super late review, I came across the photos in my phone and have to share how wonderful the food is here. I came here a few months ago while in town visiting friends and we had an amazing experience. We ate outside, our waitress was pleasant and the food is AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. The chef came out to ask how the food was & I couldn't stop thanking him. I ate here twice during my trip, the superdome is one of the best meals I've ever had & those crawfish fries are crazy addictive. I live in Philly & I literally dream about this food. I'll be visiting Nola again soon and this will be my first stop. EAT HERE you won't regret it.We were visiting NOLA and of all the meals we had during our visit, this one was our favorite.  The crawfish sauce was perfection, and everything we ordered was top notch.  
Underwhelming exterior, but be sure not to skip it because of the exterior; very nice staff and the food was terrific.  Didn't hurt that it was also some of the most affordable food on our trip.  We'll be back!Hands down the best soul food restaurant that you could ask for. Should be a bucket list for anyone visiting NOLA. I went there with my friends and we all got different platters in the menu. Every single item from appetizers to dessert were delicious. And their service was nothing but top notch. They are super friendly and will make you feel like home. I'm very impressed and I can assure you, you will get your moneys worth and you definitely will have a new favorite restaurant.The best meal I had in New Orleans! This place is a gem and the folks that run the place are so friendly. 
You have to try the Super Dome. My photo is attached. This entree is something I would have expected at a Michelin star restaurant. The flavors are so rich and the presentation was amazing. I will definitely be back!This family owned and operated hole in the wall serves up some explosive flavors and world class plating. The chef's special crawfish pasta, the superdome, and the bread pudding dessert were all out of this world! 5 stars does not do this restaurant justice!Try the fried chicken. Definitely the best I've ever had. The menu only has a few things, but I wanted to eat everything. The staff was really friendly; chef Jeff came out and chatted with us.So good glad to have eaten at this place the food was to die for . The family run restaurant made us feel welcome. The neighborhood looks a little sketchy but that's part of what makes it a fond memory I would definitely eat here again!!The people that work and eat here are as great as the food. Had the crab and fish special, melts in your mouth. Bread pudding was outstanding. Great prices.I can not tell you all how many times I have been driving down Felicity and tried to figure out what this building is. Today was the day i found out. My partner just bought a house one street over and we were looking for something we hadn't had before. These guys popped up on Groupon and without any hesitation we went. The food was cooked to order so don't expect to walk in and walk out. I knew by it not being pre-made that we were in for a treat. Chef Jeff is on it. I'm not sure how I haven't heard about him yet but this has to change. I had the Superdome and I'm sure you've already read plenty of reviews about it. It's everything they described and more. I also had the crawfish fries. Yum-o! I am a stickler about taking pictures but this time I dove right in without a second thought. The only bad thing about this place is it being literally steps from her house. Be careful what you ask for. You want to learn self control and then BOOM you find yourself having to exercise it everyday. #ThoughtsAndPrayersOkay so I heard a lot of hype about this place and how fantastic the food is. So I set out today to check it out. My mission was accomplished and all I can say is WOW! The food was perfect!!!! My tastebuds were all over the place with sheer joy and satisfaction. I had the Super Dome; blackened fish with lobster mashed potatoes and corn topped with onion rings. The onion rings were perfection, fried and HOMEMADE!!!! No frozen rings over there!!! Everything was seasoned to perfection. Portion size is perfect! Excellent!!! I'll be back. I already know what I'll be tasting next.I usually don't give 5 stars. The food is delicious! Don't let the exterior turn you away. Reasonably priced and worth the trip. I think this is a hidden gem in New Orleans. #thanksforreadingThis just became my favorite place in New Orleans! And I've been around this city multiple times. Definitely a small hole-in-the-wall, but the food is out of this world. Any reviews less than five stars doesn't make any sense now that I have been here. They complain about portion size or a soggy order after an UberEats driver picked it up and drove it to them. Of course it's gonna be soggy after that, lol. Get off your rear and get there...our portions were large and more than enough to have leftovers.
Their food is absolutely delicious and there is a crawfish cream sauce that coats many items that I wanted to lick off of the plate. Had the "Superdome" which is a blackened fish, lobster sauce mashed potato, and onion rings, and the "Seafood extravaganza" of fried fish and shrimp with crawfish fries. The chef also sent out some crawfish cornbread to start the meal, a piece of cornbread with their crawfish cream sauce on it.
First the superdome, with all its flavors combined, tastes like a surf and turf because of the great blackening spices and onion ring accompaniment. The fish had the perfect amount of spices, and was cooked to perfection. The fried fish in the extravaganza was similar with a light/medium style batter and cooked perfectly. I usually am not as big a fan of shrimp if there is fish on the plate, but this is the only exception I've ever found. The fried shrimp were absolutely delicious and the batter had a bit of spice that made it special. I forgot the name of the dipping sauce they had, but it was tangy and complimented the shrimp so well. I really can't speak more highly of this place if you want a representation of some of the best New Orleans cooking. Don't look any further.This is our new favorite spot in New Orleans! We definitely passed it up while driving and walking. LOL. There are only two tables inside, but they have outdoor seating. The waitresses were friendly. We ordered the Mardi Gras Mambo and Bourbon Street and they were finger licking food. I haven't eaten peas since I was a baby and I wasn't expecting to eat the ones on my plate. But these peas were sooooo good! "You heard dat?" Also, the plating of the food was good and our plates came out clean. 
We will definitely return!Worth the trip. Chef Heard and his family put out an excellent menu with a lot of skill and enthusiasm. We tried one of the specials of the day, the blackened fish with mashed potatoes, asparagus and a lemon butter sauce. The fish was perfectly cooked, the asparagus was neither too firm nor mushy, the mashed potatoes were a tad dry and needed salt, but otherwise the meal was just perfect. You order at the counter indoors, but there is no seating indoors. There are a few tables outdoors, and there is table service out there one you order indoors. Chef Heard came out to check on us twice. The bread pudding was excellent. One request: sell Diet Coke.Food was A+.....its in the hood but dont let it scare you off...food is worth the trip...and eating on the sidewalk..well after that you dont need to go to the movies....great place and experienceThe food was unreal! Absolutely delicious! The service was also amazing! Love this restaurant.I understand WHY they have five stars.  I felt like I was having a meal at my family's home.  Tia skillfully and with much care personified southern hospitality and her pride in her family. I had the Superdome and lost- my mind.  That crawfish sauce was RIDICULOUS!!!  Those GRITS!?!? Feather-light goodness rests in your palate. You MUST stop in for a meal.The best priced Cajun food I've ever bought! I had the amazing red beans and rice with blackened fish, cornbread, and a salad for $10! They also have have. Groupon which is helpful for large groups. Every food item tasted amazing and had the perfect amount of seasoning; the food is made with love and our server Nyce was AWESOME! They also have a house fruit punch which is REALLY worth a try. I would highly recommend getting this food to-go. My family and I ate outside and that was not a great choice. It's not in the best part of town and there are crazy amounts of flies. There is not nearly enough seating. Even though the atmosphere is horrible (says a person who absolutely hates eating outside), I still rated this place 5 stars because the food and service is just THAT great. 
Overall: I'll for sure eat here again, just to-go!!!If you want phenomenal food and true southern hospitality, get to Heard Dat Kitchen. We got the Seafood Extravaganza with the catfish and shrimp blackened and Dat Plate with fried shrimp. The owner/chef was so sweet and made everything fresh. We knew that because we could smell it as we waited and the food came out piping hot! Best food I've ever had in the south, truly authentic. (And ask about the bread pudding! It's life-changing)went there a second time and it was as good as I remember it.  My daughter rated it as the best food in NOLA.  I will come here every time I visit NOLA.  Best deal in town BY FAR!Food was delicious and the people at the counter were very friendly! We got the surf n turf and the Superdome. Come with an appetite.If you come to new orleans looking for good food and you miss this place then, congrats, you played yourself. I've eaten everywhere in this city and heard dat is without a doubt one of the best 2 or 3 restaurants in this bih. Enjoy!Upon arrival, we were met by the chef and instantly introduced to the specials of the day. Everything was delicious and my friend and I were treated like queens. I will definitely be back. This is definitely a hidden gem with a chef that sprinkles nothing but love and good vibes into his food.Found this place on Yelp. Was visiting out of town and looking for something gooooood to eat. Its small little place, not a full restaurant, but they have about two or three tables inside and they had just set up outside setting. We ordered the 'dat fries', superdome, bourbon st love, and 'dat shyt' drink. The dat fries was the best thing!! They were so delicious, definitely wanted to order it again!!! The superdome looks better than it taste. Dont get me wrong it was good, but I expected it to be better. The onion rings were AMAZING! So crispy, but still the onion was soft. The chicken that comes with the bourbon st love taste as if cheese was added to the batter. So the chicken had a cheesy taste to it. The mac was ok. the dat shyt was soooooooo sweet lol diabetic coma. All and all I would recommend this place especially the dat fries. Good portion sizes and reasonably priced. Enjoy!I had the super done entree and WOW! This was easily my best meal on my most recent visit to New Orleans. Everything in the super dome is cooked to absolute perfection! After a few days eating at restaurants in the touristy French quarter area this was exactly what I needed. 
The bread pudding is to die for! Easily the best bread pudding I have ever had in my life. Heard Dat is a gem  that feels so New Orleans. I can't wait to come back on my next visit to the city!Came to this amazing place on a very rainy day.. walked up and ordered our food. The girl at the window taking our order was so sweet so she was the first plus to this meal! 
My husband and I ordered the super dome and the seafood extravaganza and for dessert the bread pudding.. 
Due to the rain the seats outside were wet. The oldest daughter let us sit inside even though they had already closed the indoor part .. plus number two! 
Now the food!
we shared plates and both were so yummy! Like really yummy! I cant say I would want one over the other because they were both so good! 
It was fresh and blackened perfectly.. the taste was so good! The bread pudding was the best! 
Thanks heard dat for a great meal!! You guys are the best !Where do I start. The food was absolutely delicious. I had the fried chicken plate and it was some of the best chicken that I have ever had. And I am from North Carolina and we know fried chicken. Everything from the mac & cheese to the peas, it was ALL GOOD. Don't get me started on the bacon fries, amazing! I missed the fried chicken festival but this made up for it.Food is Fabolous comforting and most importantly it taste great!The seafood extravaganza is one of the first thing you should try when you get here black in of fry is great.We were driving through the area and saw this nearby. The food was AMAZING. I got the Seafood Extravaganza with blackened shrimp, crawdad fries, and fried catfish. Everything was hot, fresh, and delicious. 10/10 would recommend.So driving up to this place my boyfriend and I were questioning wether this place was a real restaurant or not? Haha It's a long black building in not the nicest of neighborhoods. There are 3 black tables outside. So we saw all the reviews so we stopped. Inside there are two tables. Most people get take out from the window that has bars on it (hahaha) SOO we stayed-- we sat outside, where a passerby on a bike asked if we wanted to buy some jumper cables (I can't make this stuff up) I ordered the bourbon street chicken and my boyfriend ordered the Mardi Gras fish both come with potato salad and Mac and cheese. Let me start by saying WOW! I am not a chicken person when I eat out because I can do it better lol and I'm picky --this was phenomenal and I ate every bite. The fish was perfectly fried. Both crisp, the flavor is amazing. The Mac and cheese is perfect. The potato salad is served in a gourmet spoon which goes along with your fabric napkin. The thought of presentation goes into the FOOD, the way it should be. The girls serving are super sweet and friendly!!
Needless to say this place is AMAZING. Some of the best food I've had in NOLA. The best fried chicken we have ever had. --yes they have won awards for this chicken we were told. You must stop here!! Try everything!! We'll be back!!First time in New Orleans, and it didn't disappoint. Nyce was our waitress and she was excellent. So hospitable, and friendly. The food was delicious!Good New Orleans neighborhood eating. It's in the hood but this is like ya grandmas Cookin. It doesn't leave you feeling sick and greasy but has all the Louisiana flavor you can want. I'm loving this new place and I'm a local foodieSince me and my girlfriend been here, this restaurant is by far, the BEST restaurant we been to so far. Worth the travel, worth every penny, and you can save more with the Groupon available on the site. It's not too far from downtown but it's a pretty long walk if that's the route you choose. Besides that the food was amazing. The freshness, the quality, the flavor and seasoning was A1. Service was very good too, as they offered us free appetizer plates of upcoming ideas for their menu, which both of them tasted great. Our food was fresh, nice and hot and well prepared. The crawfish fries was my favorite. So many flavors and tastes gahhhdammm this is what I was looking for when it came to New Orleans Cuisine and I recommended everyone that visits to come to this restaurant. We might come again when we leave .The food was delicious and very well prepared. Nyce was the cashier/greeter and she was pleasant and easy to talk to. My fiance was pleased with the food and customer service and that says a lot. I highly recommend this restaurant and will gladly come back again.Easy to understand why they have five stars! I had the "bourbon street love" which was some amazing Mac and cheese, the best fried chicken I've ever had and some crawfish cream sauce. The chicken was a boneless thigh and I usually prefer bone in but it was juicy, crunchy even with the cream sauce on it and perfectly seasoned.  Really, really good food. No fancy ambiance, they give you your food in styrofoam and you can eat at tables outside or take it to go. I sat outside joined by two really cute kids (owners grandkids I think) and they even let me sign their truck!The food here beats Commander's Palace, IMO.  Full of flavor, fresh and the best meal we've had in NOLA.  The service was prompt, friendly and genuine.  This last point is hard to come by at even the fanciest of restaurants.  Just ate at Commander's Palace two nights ago and the service there was snobbish and off putting and their timing was completely off, but at Heard Dat, we were served by the owner/Chef and his daughter.  Both are down to earth and welcoming.   It was a hard decision on what to eat - the whole menu sounds amazing, but I settled on the red beans and rice with fried chicken and my son had the Bourbon Street, which was a crawfish mac and cheese with fried chicken on top.  Everything was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.  Another couple came in and we could hear them raving about the dishes they were enjoying.  Even the tea was top notch and the bread puddle was over the top with the rich caramel sauce.  Magical.  If licking your plate was acceptable we probably would have!  There was a steady stream of neighbors coming in to order and take out, lucky to have this gem in their neighborhood.  I imagine it's only a matter of time before word gets out about this amazing place.By far the best spot we hit up while we stayed in New Orleans. I had the bourbon st plate and the fried chicken was AMAZING, some of the best I've ever had. My wife had the gumbo, we ate gumbo at two other spots and she said it wasn't even close, this was the best. Her sister had the shrimp and grits and she hated to admit they were better than her mother in laws!! Our other two friends had a plates with the chicken and we all concluded the fried chicken was BOMB, and same goes for the sides. No greens unfortunately but that really was not an issue with everything else they had to offer. Being able to go to the convenience store in the same building to pick up beer for the meal was also a one of a kind experience we all enjoyed. And finally, the service was southern comfort at its finest. Our server was super patient with all our questions, made us laugh, and even broke up a small argument between two of our friends with her quick wit, the way she worked with the kitchen staff and the way she welcomed us was genuine kindness I have yet to get at any other restaurant I've been to. Support this amazing business!!!!!So good. I mean .... SO. GOOD!! A must go! Order "dat fries" for SURE! Take a lyft/uber/taxi there though, it's not a great place to walk around. We got our dinner to go because it was crowded and hot (not a lot of space to eat there). We're definitely going again before our trip is up! And the woman working there couldn't have been more friendly and welcoming.This review is on the food and service only.  The shrimp & grits were amazing, and the bread pudding was equally delicious.  The young lady that handled my order was very kind.  I would come back to try other food items.  Thank you Heards.This is a hole in the wall restaurant with little seating and great food. It would be double or triple the price if it were in a fancy place.  The food would fit right in.  Get the super dome.  The people are really friendly and the server was really sweet. I am coming back for sure a lot.Please try the blackened fish! What a treat this was. My fiancé found recommended we try it and i'm so glad he did! Everything was absolutely delicious- from the cornbread to the fish! If you want to try real New Orleans cooking, make a stop. You'll be glad you did!Was exploring and got hungry. Saw this place on Yelp and thought the pictures looked so good. I wanted something that seemed local because the night before we ate at some fancy place and really didn't feel like I was getting the real deal. I got the blackened fish and my friend got the brubon st. We loved the sauce on it. Eating the blackened fish made my soul happy, it literally had me smiling the whole time. The flavors were great if I ever make my way back to New Orleans I will for sure come back here.Mac & cheese was good not great, but the serving I was given was way too small for the overall price of the meal. Fried chicken was better, not dry at all & seasoned well. Overall okay experienceGreat food, great quality..Had the Superdome, crawdat fries, crawfish cornbread and skeesh shrimp salad.  That skeesh salad is so darn delicious. Best salad I have eaten out in a very long time.  Hats off to Chef Jeff..This place should defitnely be on your to go place to eat.U$er Eats order:
O!
M!
Goodness!!!!
Phenomenal food!! 
True New Orleans cuisine. Many types of seafood, cooked many ways and covered in delectable seafood sauce! 
We ordered the Mardi Gras Mambo and the Super Dome. I wanted more before I was even finished eating the one I had. Everything was fresh made with quality ingredients. I will be eating from them again soon. Want to go to the store front for my next dining experience.Food was absolutely outstanding!!!!!!!! The waitress was very polite and kind and chef made sure we were well taking care of.... A++++++++++++++
The chicken and fish was season to perfections... I see why there are no bad reviews! Best food in New Orleans hands downGreat service, family environment, and awesome food. I like the fact that they serve the entire menu all day and also have great happy hour specials.Shrimp and grits were good and had a bit of a kick; however, the superdome, crawdat fries, and dat shyt (drink) were exceptionally delicious.The crawdat fries was amazing. Better than expected tbh. Well seasoned and fresh and they did not skimp on the crawfish. I will be back soonSo glad we found this place on yelp and reviews where right on.  The chicken was so freakin tasty, loved every bite of it. Didn't even wanna talk just enjoy all the flavors.  The fish was also very good. I appreciated my dish and Coming back soon!We vacationed in NOLA back in August 2018 so I purchased some Groupons for this restaurant.  I'm soooo glad I did.   The reviews online were one of the reasons I decided to purchase this one.  When we arrived to NOLA and asked different locals about the restaurant, no one heard of it and all made statements about the location.  We decided to Uber there and the driver dropped us off and couldn't pull off any faster..
We were a little concerned at the appearance and when the young lady stated we could eat outside because there dine in area was closed...we knew that was not an option.   We opted for carry out and the young lady was very professional and patient as she gave us a little history of the business.  We had no problem with using our Groupons.  
We caught an Uber back to our hotel with our food and without a doubt this was THE BEST meal  we had during our vacation in NOLA.   
We had the Superdome and Bourbon Street Love!Both were delicious and there's definitely a chef ‍in the kitchen and not just a cook!Visited this restaurant to get a real New Orleans taste. The outside look of the restaurant was not ideal but the food was well worth the visit. I had a very pleasant experience from ordering the food to getting the food and eating the food. I would recommend this place to anyone coming to New Orleans. It was completely worth venturing out of the downtown area.Just had the BEST meal ever in New Orleans. I had the Superdome. Very well seasoned, great flavor and absolutely delicious! I met Nice, Tia and Chef Jeff. A wonderful way to end a girls trip and I have some cornbread and banana pudding for the road. Thank you Heard Dat!!! This is a must visit place. They are doing it and doing it in excellence!  You will not be disappointed, but you will be blown away!!!This is hands down the best restaurant in New Orleans.  You want real, scrumptiously delicious authentic New Orleans grub?? This is the place.  And that's not all-- the Heard family who runs this restaurant are delightful and passionate about all that they do.  Five stars!!!!!!Found this place on yelp and it's a diamond in the rough for real. We arrived at about 6ish and the area doesn't look  that safe. We caught and Uber there and to our surprise there is no inside seating after 4 pm but there are tables and chairs outside. Again.......it isn't the safest area. There was another couple sitting outside so we joined them and it was still daylight. 
I'm glad we stayed because the food was soooo good
We ordered the Gumbo, the super dome, and madi Gras Mambo
Alllllllll of the food was good. I mean all I was missing was some dessert the tea is good too so order it and take your food to goI went here with a group of friends for lunch. I ordered Superdome and it was soooo good! It's like an explosion in your mouth. It's flavorful. Words aren't enough to describe how good their food is. Definitely worth it! The staff were really nice and sweet too!This is my 4th time in New Orleans, and I have to say this is one of the best spots here. I love great service, and Tia was very patient and recommended the best options.
The fried fish and shrimp was so good. All the food tasted really fresh, and made hot! I can't wait to visit again, because I'll def be back!Came to Heard Dat Kitchen due to Yelp reviews and had an amazing meal. The place is nondescript from the outside, hard to see, but it's next to what I believe is a grocery store. The area is a little shady but parking is plentiful and you can park literally rift in front of the restaurant. 
My friend and I ordered the shrimp and grits, crawfish fries, and the Super Dome -- the crawfish fries were so tasty with a lovely flavorful sauce and the Super Dome was a high quality, first rate meal that I could have easily had at a fine dining restaurant. The shrimp in the shrimp and grits were juicy and rich, while the grits were light--my friend preferred richer grits but enjoyed them nonetheless. 
Our server, Tia, was very friendly and if we are in NOLA again, we definitely will be back. One thing to note, the Yelp menu doesn't correspond to the menu they gave us--I've attached the menu we were given.Wow! The food was exactly as stated in previous reviews! Simply superb, I had the crab special which was a blackened fish in a lemon butter sauce topped with crab and served with asparagus and it was perfectly seasoned and cooked. My mom had the chef steak special which was a blackened rib eye with mashed potatoes and a crawdat sauce topped with fried shrimp. So far this is the best meal I've had in New Orleans, I'm convinced I can't survive here with out gaining an enormous amount of weight the food is just toooo good!
Edit: my only issue was with the environment, uh simply not the best. The gambling part right in the restaurant is seedy and honestly I probably wouldn't want to come at night. My mom was extremely uncomfortable with what was happening with two guys who were in and out.I'm in love with this food. My husband and I were in town for the Raiders game. I found this place on Yelp before we left California, so it was on my must try while in town list. Boy oh boy am I glad we came.
I ordered the crawfish stuffed fish. It was absolutely amazing. My husband ordered the crawfish stuffed shrimp, and the blacken catfish. Oh my,!! everything was delicious. We shared all three plates. We were so stuffed when we left.
There is a corner store near by where I went and grab us a couple of beers to go with our meal. We ate outside at the tables.
It's not much to look at on the inside, it's a place where I'm sure most people order the food to go. But since we were on vacation, where were we suppose to go. So we ate there outside checking out the neighborhood. 
I will come back the next time I'm in town.A must whenever I'm in New Orleans! The food is made with love and you can taste it! Chef Jeff and family know how to make your experience just right! Make sure you get the Super Dome when you visitNo need to look any further! You HAVE TO GO HERE! 
This has to be the some of the best food I have ever eaten! Chef Jeff did an AMAZING job with all of the food. Tia was our server and extremely knowledgeable, personable and flat out funny! We had a tremendous evening. I ordered the blackened Seafood Extravaganza and it was the bomb! My friends had the other specials and every single one of them was delicious!Wow - we come to NOLA for the food. We found this place on Yelp and it did not disappoint. We had dat fries, crawdat fries, the Super Dome and Bourbon Street chicken. The servings are super sized and the flavors are even better. Super friendly place & so glad we decided to come. Thanks for a fantastic dinner!!The food was excellent- fish with crab was as good as it can get. The bourbon street chicken with crawfish - Mac and cheese - potato salad was tasty - high end food in a casual environment 
Amazing food !!We tried to go to Willie Mae's but there was a 2 hour wait so we came here. Sometimes the universe makes decisions for you. This place is amazing. Fuck a Willie Maes. Come here! Great service. Best southern food I've ever had. Quit playing games and come here. I'll be back. Also me and my husband ate 2 entrees had a drink, and had dessert for $28.Really good food, fast service and I suggest you guys to try the super dome its finger licking good.