Love this bar... The staff always makes you feel at home no matter whwre you are from...It is mostly service industry people but all are welcome . Leah makes this place ..she has your back , knows what you drink ALWAYS and is always on point .Po boys and Gumbo...the combination just sounds so delightful and a must if you're visiting the Big Easy! 
So naturally, we looked up a place on Yelp and this was rated well and super close to our hotel. We almost missed this place as it's not like a typical store front. You have to go inside an alley like hallway to get to the main door of the restaurant. The interior is small and has a very mom and pop atmosphere. 
I got in line to order the fried shrimp po boy with gumbo soup combo and the hubby ordered the same but a fried oyster po boy instead. The portion size was HUGE. I had half a sandwich left and it made quite a delicious snack later in the day. 
The staff was friendly there were a bunch of locals as well.There is a bar side to this place but the restaurant part is only open till 2 in the afternoon, and the bar is open till 3am. The bar does not serve food from what I gather, so if you want to try this combo, you should come before 2pm. 
Overall, the food was great! If you're in the area, come check this place out! Get some yummy po boy and gumbo in your tummy!If you're looking for a little dive place with great food which doesn't have a line of tourists around this is your spot. Had the crabmeat and shrimp casserole and it was amazing. They have different items for each day of the week which is cool since you don't have to decide from too many good dishes at once.BBQ ribs plate is huge! Delicious! 
Shrimp & Grits are great-well seasoned 
Fast delivery
The plates R huge! I eat off 1 more than once! I always have leftovers.We were told about this place through a friend. She told us it was a hole-in-the-wall but that the food was fantastic. She was absolutely right! We all had the lobster and crab bisque and po boy sandwiches! It was all so good. The bisque was creamy and full of flavor. The po boy I had was shrimp and catfish - they were so crispy and had just the right amount of seasoning. We will be going back!It ain't fancy but it is so good! Don't be put off by it's tiny sign and location wedged behind a bar. It's great. I had a oyster po'boy. It is great tasting and enough food for two grown men.five stars for best dive
at night?  the bartenders play great music, and have fun.  
also at night you get to see all the rodents who live here.  there's ben, gentle ben, ben gay, bend over, etc...  .   
however, I know that by day, this kitchen is spotless, and the staff kicks butt...  the poboys are great, and there really isn't anyplace in new orleans that doesn't have a rat.Order one order at a time. It is to confusing to order for everyone. Your order will get messed up. It was great food. Worth the headache.What a treat! Super funky old school New Orleans bar with a great little kitchen in the back cooking real deal stick to your ribs food. Oyster po'boy and gumbo will not disappoint. Try the banana pudding!I ordered the Chicken wings with fries & a salad for under $9.00 great price.
The wings were cooked just right but didn't impress me. My fries were warm not Hot.Only giving 2 stars based on the attitude of the woman who answers the phone at this place. Heard that she is the owners wife so her attitude will never change but the food is definitely a 5 and their delivery guys are nice as can be.Great po boys and super friendly staff. A total hidden gem! Would highly recommend stopping by. It's probably the best po boy I had while I was staying in New Orleans. Just a quick walk from Canal and totally worth it.Have to hand it to Yelp Reviewers for finding and recommending this place.  Wanted to go to a local breakfast, no nonsense joint for a memorable southern breakfast.  This did not disappoint. Located next to Daisy Duke's on Carondelet Street, which is the same street as Bourbon St on the opposite side of Canal.  Easy to miss, so look for the billboard next to Daisy Duke's. There's not much signage so just go through to the door on the end and you'll find it.  Just open the closed door.
They have a really extensive menu and a lot of selections and a number of daily specials. The food is really good and the price is definitely on mark.  You get a lot of food for what you pay for.  I got the shrimp and grits and would order again. Super flavorful and couldn't believe the amount of shrimp I got for that price.  I wanted to come back for their crab and shrimp casserole as it was highly recommended, though maybe not for breakfast.  Seriously, this place did not disappoint and the food came out very fast and delicious.  They're open late (until 3am) and have a full bar attached to them next door. Looking forward to my next trip.I stopped by and grabbed shrimp po boy and gumbo.  I took the food back to hotel to eat and I was very disappointed with their offering.
gumbo - very salty... couldn't finish after three spoonful... not sure if it was a left over the night before... but would not order Gumbo again.
shrimp po boy - lacked flavors and was disappointed that they use cooked mini shrimp in the sandwich... because precooked shrimp was used, after its fried, the shrimps are tough and hard... I wish they used fresh shrimp, batter it and fry it.
Unfortunately, time wasn't on my side so I wasn't able to visit other joints that served gumbo and po boy's to compare it with Hobnobber's offering; I hope to revisit and try gumbo and po boy's from other establishments...This was our first lunch in New Orleans and it was the best! We were a bit scared to go in but one of the worker's was nice enough to invite us and walk us in. My partner and I both ordered the po'boy and gumbo special. I had the shrimp and he had the fried catfish. We both thought they were great! A huge po'boy and huge bowl of gumbo for $10.50!! They gumbo was great and had a lot of flavor. .shrimp, sausage, and crab legs. It was definitely a great start to our day.Absolutely awesome food and service! Was looking to enjoy some authentic Cajun on our visit to New Orleans, and this place did the job right! My girlfriend and I split the shrimp and cheesy grits which were ridiculously delicious. This place is a must if you're in the area!I love Hobs so much. Used to work at the Pere Marquette and loved seeing the owners and their family work and run the restaurant. I loveeee their seafood bisque but ordered the Panne Chicken today with potatoes au gratin.  SO GOOD. they deliver to my new job so all is not lost!Not the cleanest looking place or healthiest and it's located in the back of a bar... but the food here was probably the most NOLA food that we came upon. It's very southern with their po boys and gumbo, and they also have the regular breakfast menu. It was the only place that was in distance to our hotel without trying to get through the crowd, or wait hours for the parade and wait at other places...
We saw a lot of locals and they directed us to order the catfish po boy and some gumbo. And that's exactly what I did. I ordered the catfish po boy and the gumbo. The catfish po boy was really good, but it was so greasy for me... The gumbo was the best gumbo I had, it looked homemade and they included some crab claws and legs in there! I really enjoyed their gumbo. Again--a little on the salty side but I really think that's a NOLA thing. Lots of flavoring and salt and drench in oil. My BF got the eggs and bacon breakfast... the grits came yellow from all the butter they put in there. Pricing was really decent for the amount of food you get! 
We also got the bloody mary from the bar and it was waaaay too salty... but good from recovering from last night!
You may have a heart attack or your cholesterol just sky-rocketed...but a little here and there of greasy food doesn't hurt...It is literally a hole in the wall that I had a little difficulty finding because I did not spot the door that brings you to a small area near the back of the building. It is a great spot to grab some regular breakfast for $5-$6. It has eggs/ omelettes, sausages, hash browns, pancakes, grits, etc. I ordered a fried egg, sausage patty, hash browns [grilled potatoes version], and toast. Everything is very good. It also offers shrimp and catfish but those items are obviously more expensive.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Every once in awhile you find the real thing! First and foremost the people- I believe Big Daddy on the outside ( Curtis)  who talked us into trying while we parked. Your not going to find it by chance. Cheryl? the kind young lady that tracked me down when I left my phone on the Table..."Thank you" 
Now the food - Thanks to all in the small but efficient kitchen, as a chef for years I can certainly understand the limitations of a small space. But what emerges is Food LOVE! I had the Gumbo...Bamm and a Crab Cake plate with Salad and Mac & Cheese... The guy I was with had the Shrimp Po Boy Plate with Gumbo- $ 11.95 - Big Fresh and delicious!!  Well worth the trip ! Hope to go back soon- Thank you!Eat here. Across from the quarter on canal, you think you missed it but it's on the corner with a tree in front. You walk into a tiny bar, don't be confused, you're in the right spot. Walk to the back through another tiny door and you've found it. Like 7 tables, two order windows. Left you order right you pay. Simple down to earth southern food. Grits and eggs + biscuit = heaven. Not classy but awful dang tasty. Find it, enjoy it, love them.This place is almost like hidden gem. Unexpectedly located in the back of a building. The people were very friendly and chatty. I got the poboy and gumbo special. Surprising good. Delicious shrimp poboy and my goodness... That gumbo! I almost wish I could bring a jug of that home with me. Amazingly good and amazingly cheap!Fabulous eats! Had shrimp and grits for breakfast and my son and husband had gumbo and my girls had peach cobbler. Great coffee, friendly staff and patrons. Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back :)Dear Hobnobbers, 
Thank you for the very friendly bartender that quickly offered menus that would deliver food to us there, but we what were really hoping for was to find the restaurant and the food that so many people like. Unfortunately, your hours of when you serve food are not conspicuous on your yelp page so we made the mistake of walking all the way here and being disappointed.  Perhaps we'll come again. You definitely have a really fun vibe going on.Amazing hole in the wall place. Right behind the bar out front.
Best gumbo we've ever had! Po boys are awesome too, we got a gumbo & cat fish po boy sandwich and were not disappointed.
Will be back for the other 2 Po boys!Found this place on accident during bayou classic...had to come back for more awesomenessFood and service was great. Had the Crabmeat Casserole W/Mac and cheese,very good. If your ever in the area I highly recommend this restaurantA friend told us we needed to come here for breakfast when visiting New Orleans. We are glad that we did. The food was outstanding and the owners very friendly. We will be back. Great grits, biscuits, eggs, omelette. Glad we came!Breakfast was really good! My fiancé and I both ordered the pancake special. Pancakes tasted homemade and really delicious. Their menu says it comes with one egg but it seemed like more on our plate and the bacon had a little crisp to it. The staff were extra friendly to my fiancé since he was the one who went to order to go. We were extremely satisfied.I live by one rule about good food: it has to be a divey place. The best, most authentic food I have ever eaten has always come from a hole in the wall. This place was no exception. It's been over 24 hours since I have eaten there and I am STILL craving their shrimp and grits. Perfectly cheesy, buttery, and loaded with shrimp. My boyfriend ordered the red beans and rice and the catfish. This man loves catfish. He swears by so many places that make catfish. And now, he swears that this is THE BEST catfish he has ever tasted. I believe it. 
Beyond the food, the staff were soooooo friendly. They wanted to make sure you got what you needed/wanted and that you were completely satisfied with your order. How many places this affordable really give a sh*t if you like your meal? They sat down and chatted with us about DC and even gave me a few recipe tips for making the red beans (shh, I'll never tell!) I will recommend this place to my friends who are getting married in NOLA in April & I will remember to bring tupperware down so that we can smuggle leftovers onto our flight. WOW WOW WOW, you will NOT be disappointed!!!Jay,
Thanks for the generous shots of Maker's.  I tried to tip you well for them.  
Thanks for giving me a ride home two nights (mornings) in a row.  With hindsight, I realize that I could probably barely stand up, much less figure out how to call a cab.
Thanks for the great conversation.  You're a fucking rad guy.
Thanks for all the great tunes.  Neil Young's "Roll Another Number (For the Road)" was the perfect anthem for my last night in the city.
To everyone else: this joint is right across Canal from the foot of Bourbon St. and even though it's more subdued from the 24 hour frat party up the street, you won't find a better place to go for drink and good conversation anywhere.Delicious breakfast! Nothing fancy about it and that is exactly what we wanted. Recommended if you want good ole home cooking.Found this place on Yelp and decided to try and find it, As we think we have spotted it about 1.30pm a worker pointed us in and from that point on we sat back and enjoyed the ride.
We worked ourselves up to get a Roast beef Po Boy and some Mac Cheese, we are from New Zealand so stuck with what we knew, BUT we got set straight by the Cook and he added a Gumbo soup free of charge and then bought out 2 samplers for us to try.
Well as they said you cant be in the South and not try Gumbo, and WOW......i felt like a starving man who hasnt eaten, i was putting it away with no breath between it was unreal, i was following it up by the Roast beef Po boy and my taste buds went to overload, then the helpings of the seafood casserole came into it followed by mouthfulls of Mac N Cheese, my brain said stop but i was in the zone.
It would be foolish to not pass on the message of this little hole in the wall heaven, while this was all going on the people inside talked and laughed and made us feel like it was our local, you never go anywere in this world with that happening these days but i think this gem is it.
Do yourselves a favour and go and sit down and enjoy, do not leave until you can regather yourself to find the pins under you they call legs and drag yourself out, this took honours of best food to date in the States.
Friendly helpfull and good food. 
The world is a great olace with these humble people.This is the first restaurant where I have been so blown away that I feel compelled to leave a review. We were in town for jazzfest and needed a place to grab a quick bite and avoid 30 minutes of rain. We ended up staying for two hours due to exceptional service and food.  Hell I'm a vegetarian but I had to break rank because the food smelled so good. 4 Days later I can still remember talking to Boy, Danny, and Donald as they navigated us through food, drink, and and asome of the more absurd stories I've heard.. Screw cafe Du Monde, this is a real New Orleans gem. If you come, make a point of talking to the staff and eating the gumbo and the crab corn bisque or you're missing out.Love love love this place! Some of the best food I've had in NOLA! Will be back every time I return!One of the workers were passing by as we walked by our hotel and told us to stop by. We were hungry for breakfast so we ran our errand and headed right to this spot. The customer service was excellent and the options were great for a good price. I ordered shrimp, grits, eggs and a biscuit. I took my food to go and opened up a box full of grease. The biscuit was good, but the butter had been poured on. The eggs were cooked perfectly. The grits were ok but the cheese was just on top of the grits instead of cooked into them. The shrimp were fine, but a little overwhelming when trying to enjoy everything at once. It wasn't too bad, but not a place I would run back to.Order and pick up your food at the counter. Good basic home cooked breakfast. And lots of it! We will definitely be coming back to try the seafood!Summary:
The best local joint in the area to get authentic New Orleans food!
Details:
This place is that hole-in-the-wall, obscure but awesome place you always here about. It's far from fancy on the inside, but don't let that detract you from the food and friendliness here. The people there are really great and they give you huge portions.
We got the catfish and grits as a recommendation. The catfish was lightly fried and flaky on the inside. The biscuit was warm and fluffy. And the grits... were the best grits I've ever had, and I don't normally eat grits.The food was extremely greasy and the coffee was something you would find at a rundown truck stop.  This is definitely a very low class establishment which was solidified when an employee loudly referred to customers calling in a order as stupid mother F@&@ers.I came here based on the reviews but was very disappointed... The food was overly greasy, too salty and the shrimp was not fresh.  There was also a huge cockroach on the floor.... I do not recommend this place..."Ya know ya hungry, ya gotta eat!"  Was ushered in here for breakfast and loved every bite of it! Cheap prices and huge portions!When visiting New Orleans, at some point you really want a normal place to eat. A place not prominently listed on the "certified visitors map" found at your hotel. You want to go to a place where the locals go, that's a bit more relaxed, off the tourist path. 
Hobnobber's is a that place.
Going about 9:00 for breakfast, we were greeted by a friendly gentleman who was sitting in outside. He escorted us to down a long, relatively dimly lit hallway covered in signage. He explained that Hobnobber's has two faces: the every-man's restaurant and the bar that doesn't close until the wee hours. At the end of that hallway was a relatively small space, the restaurant,  with pictures of damage caused by Katrina and assorted pictures and signs, like one that said something like if you're grumpy, your bill is doubled. 
At first, you may not know what to make of the place but when you see the menu above the the ordering window, you then understand that this is a place for normal people - people who come to work downtown each day and just want an affordable, good meal. 
I had the #2 - which included two eggs, bacon, a biscuit and grits. The grits were properly cooked, solid, not watery or dry and swimming in butter. The biscuit was good, with a hint of Bisquick, which is fine. The meal wasn't fancy and it didn't scream "NOLA" - it was comforting and familiar. 
Initially, I was going to give Hobnobber's three stars because everything was solid, although not spectacular. I changed it to four stars because of the service. From the entrance to the exit, they try to make sure you're carried for - they aren't trying to take your money and give you a half-assed meal. Also, you get a solid breakfast for two plus coffee for around $23. Is it more expensive than fast food? Yes, but they make it worth it.Omg!  What a hidden gem...rub away a little carbon, you got yourself a diamond.  Best breakfast and friendliest staff ever.  We went there, and bought the shirt.  Prices, quality and quantity are phenomenal.  Think you're close...well listen for their resident barker, Big Dog.  He will take you right to it.  Awesome!  Hobnobbers for life!Great hearty breakfast at popular prices!  Looks like a little hole in the wall but the food is 4 star!  Huge portions, friendly staff, it's all good!  
We are coming back for lunch!Hole in the wall with good home cooked food and good service. If you are ok with getting your own silverware and eating on plastic plates, you will enjoy.  If not, go somewhere else.The prices are reasonable and only a block or 2 from bourbon and canal. I would definitely come back again.Not bad food, but honestly there's better choices. The staff wasn't very friendly, but the nice man outside that directs you to the restaurant is as sweet as can be.Brought our group of 20 in here on a Saturday morning and the kitchen staff pumped out 20 breakfast specials quick and perfect.  Owner came out and welcomed us. Can't praise them enough!Came for the weekend for a wedding -girls trip. Staying at the Intercontinental and googled this spot. Looked a little suspect but it was delicious. I ordered the shrimp and grits served with a biscuit. I love that its the unique not franchised,great southern hospitality.Looking to escape the tourist trap of New Orleans? Wanting a big plate of awesome southern food without the $$ price? Check this place out! It is tucked away down a hallway, connected to a bar, off a quiet street not far from the hotels and Bourbon Street.
It is a no frills interior, very simple set up. You walk up to the window and place your order. They have a pretty big menu. Like many other Yelpers, I went for the Shrimp and Grits. Great decision! They give you so much shrimp! I normally cannot stand the taste and texture of grits but these cheesy grits are so buttery and good!
My boyfriend got the hash brown breakfast which was also a generous size, something like 6 slices of bacon! It was only about $20 for all this food. The service was very authentic and quick. Escape the tourist trap and check this place out for an authentic southern breakfast.It was breakfast. Nothing special but not bad. Did not feel very welcome an it was awkward when ordering. We got basic breakfast. The egg was over fried but it was a good price for a full breakfast!Decided to try this place and we were definitely NOT disappointed!! Forget all the tourist trap places around New Orleans and do yourself a favor and eat here!! Pretty much the fastest and best food we had all weekend. Not to mention everyone is really friendly.
Highly recommend.Friendly folks. No frills, had a decent hash brown special, had quite a varied menu. Regular patrons were bringing in the customers telling all how good their food was. Would return to try their lunch menu. Entry to the place a little awkward but signs point the way.This place is a great place to get some home cooked style breakfast for a very reasonable price. The staff was friendly and we were in and out of there quick with our stomachs full of some good food. Gonna try to do lunch here before we leave. Check it out!All the other reviews were correct.  This place is filled with nice people, good home cooked food at a great price.  They also deliver to your hotel.  We ate there 3 times in 2 days because of the food and price.Complete hole in the wall, but a hidden gem - food was excellent. Came here for lunch. Had the oyster po'boy and gumbo special. The gumbo portion was extremely generous, a full bowl. The best gumbo I've ever had. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Free refills on soda.Went in today for lunch.  Got a ton of great food for very little $. Food was super tasty and the staff was very friendly.Oyster poboy hit the mark. Hidden dive, NYC style place with real, unpretentious soul food.
Recommended.HUGE portions.  I had the crab and shrimp casserole...sign said potato salad or mac n cheese...I ordered the potato salad...I got both...and enough of each to feed 3 people.it was spicy and tasted like New Orleans. ..the place was packed even though it was tucked behind a bar and you had to go down a hallway to find it. The guy singing on the street into the microphone gave us directions. Oh...and if you get the hot roast beef po' boy...be prepared with LOTS of napkins!Hands down the best breakfast I've had down here. The people were super engaging,  actually had conversation with their customers.  It's tucked away as a hidden jewel.  Food was terrific! A bang for your buck.Does not disappoint!  Huge portions, all homemade foods. The grits are amazing, and I'm not a big grits eater.  Do not miss the chance to eat here!!Heads up- 3am closing time is not for the restaurant, just for the bar. Restaurant is a breakfast/lunch only place. We stayed for a Bloody Mary, which was good.Love this hidden gem. I always eat here when I visit NOLA!!! Good home cooked food!!!Always looking for good, affordable restaurants within a short walking distance to my hotel.  This place fits the bill.  Got there just before 7 am, the small place was empty.  Ordered the ham & cheese omelette with grits and a biscuit.  The plate was ladled with half a mountain of grits, with the cheddar cheese and deli ham omelette placed over top, buttered biscuit to the side.  It was all very good, and certainly very filling.  Couldn't finish all the grits, but I tried!  If you're looking for a good stick to your ribs breakfast, this'll do it.  It's not a fancy place, by any means, but you'll not be disappointed by the food.The front door is a little deceiving, it looks like part pool hall/part apartments. Once you make it to the back, the atmosphere seems authentically New Orleans. The crowd was laid back and jovial. We enjoyed listening to the loud conversations of the cooks. We had the catfish/grits and shrimp/cheesy grits. Both were terrific. We'll be back soon for lunch.
Edit: We found out about the restaurant from a man sitting out front passing out paper menus. Then we read reviews on Yelp.Love my local hole in the wall. No, it's not fancy. But, it's home cooking at its finest. No, it's not healthy...well, I'm sure they have healthy options. But, this is not where you go for that. 
Don't judge by appearance. Just go in and enjoy and thank me laterHi my husband and I just had a shrimp and oyster Po'boys and they were great. We will be backThis place is filthy and, in the morning, smells like all the "Hobnobbing" from Bourbon St got washed right down he-ya.
But what more do you want from your friendly, local dive bar?
I highly recommend coming here during the day. The staff is welcoming and funny, you never know what will be on the teevee (once it was Tarsem Singh's "The Fall", another time, "Days of Our Lives") and at least one patron will be looking rougher than you.
Also wins: best jukebox in the CBD (Central Business District).
The drinks are cheap. Pull up a stool and stay awhile.We did not eat her, as it is only serves food 6:00 AM-2:00 PM. Other hours, it's a bar. 
This is NOT mentioned on the website nor any review I read. We were looking for a late lunch, so this did not help us.I had such high hopes for this place, it was one of the first restaurants I bookmarked on Yelp when I was planning my trip to New Orleans. 
The service I experienced there was.. Different, than what I'm used to getting in a restaurant. When I ordered, my order wasn't written down or anything, so I sat there for about 10 minutes hoping my order wasn't forgotten. And during that 10 minutes there was a lot of bickering back and forth between some of the employees in the kitchen about what other people had ordered, which didn't rest my worries any. The lady that took my order was nice though, and reassured me my food was coming up next eventually. 
I ordered the grilled shrimp and cheesy grits, and thought the food was great.. at the time. Until I got FOOD POISONING later that day. I've been on bed rest for the last two days of my vacation now, so my vacation has been cut short :( 
I should have followed my better judgment when I saw that NO ONE, not a single one of the 7 or so people in the kitchen were wearing any gloves and handling seafood. Including the cashier that was handling the money (dollar bills are probably the most filthy item ever) as well as everyone's food. 
Lesson learned, I guess.
*Edit: in response to the message the owner left - food poisoning can take place as early as an hour after eating tainted food. Please don't try to justify the experience by saying I couldn't have gotten so quickly from your establishment...Best. Catfish. Ever. I love this place. Super nice people too. Potato salad. Legit legit legit.Was truly amused by the man that talked us to visiting "the best whole in the wall without the Bourbon St. prices".  That was the best of it.  The food was typical soul food, nothing amazing.  Ordered the catfish, but received the pork chop.  Accepted it because it looked tasty.  The seasoning was good, but more fat than meat.  You really can do better, there are too many options in N.O. to settle for this place.We were looking for a quick bite to eat before hopping in a cab to the airport this morning. The bell man at the hotel had mentioned this place around the corner from the hotel the previous morning. So we decided to check it out. 
You have to walk down this little hallway to getSorry this place should not get 4 stars! The oil is so old that they are using to cook the food in that you can't appreciate the food. The pancakes had no taste unless you like eating flour. The place smells like rat and roach droppings!!!What a wonderful little gem!  I was staying at the Roosevelt and was looking for a decent breakfast place away from the tourist traps on Canal Street and this popped up.  It was a little difficult to find at first and I went into the bar in front looking confused, but was pointed to the dining area in the rear.  This unassuming little place serves up some tremendous local fare for a good price.  I had the fried catfish with grits, and was in heaven.  I love that the patrons were mostly locals coming to get a quick bite or to carry out.  The staff were very helpful and friendly.  This is the kind of place that makes for great travel memories.Came here from a recommendation by one of the bellmen at our hotel. WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED! We went back every morning for the rest of our trip! And now whenever I know a friend is traveling to NOLA, I tell them about it. And they thank me later! Absolutely delicious!Don't be afraid.  Restaurant is in the rear.  Great shrimp & grits!  Limit seating, they do a lot of takeout.  
Had a ham and cheese omelette with Too much ham  - a good thing.This is the best bar in town.    I've been in New Orleans for  4 days and I've been here every night.    That staff is AMAZING  from the guys at the door the bartenders the kitchen staff really Amazing.This is two separate but connected places, the dive restaurant and dive bar.  Both outstanding. First, the greasy spoon: Order at the window from a big board and have a seat. Try the cheesy grits, they are 100% butter, 100% cheese, 100% real grits.  This breakfast resurrected my soul after a night of debauchery, and I left feeling cheerful. Look at that pile of shrimp with the grits! And I said god damn! We left to go back to the hotel, but then some others in our group needed a place to go so we sent them to Hobnobbers and followed it up afterward in the tiny adjacent bar. The bartender carefully made a long process, expert bloody mary, spicy but not too much, served with a dilly bean and picked okra. Given the prevalence of in-your-face tourism in much of the quarter, this place is a welcome respite.Local hole in the wall, the food is fantastic! Great price. Will definitely come back.Hole in the wall but authentic poboys and just about the best gumbo anywhere. Don't let the looks deceive you, we'll worth it for good food and a true New Orleans feel. Small place but that only adds to the atmosphere, as do the guys working there.