. My room was large, very nice, and very clean. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Best of all the bed was very comfortable and they gave you choices on the firmness of your pillow. Wifi worked perfectly and am very happy.
Wasn't very impressed by the room service food coming from the restaurant in the lobby though but that is a different review.My stay here was very positive. Everyone was helpful and friendly. Housekeeping was courteous and fast. Front desk was knowledgable and breakfast every morning in the restaurant downstairs was an absolute pleasure.I recently had a one night stopover on my road-trip home. This hotel was just off the highway and near a streetcar stop so I thought it would be convenient for a quick visit to the French Quarter in the morning. First off, when we came in, (not to get into too much detail) but the manager that night was not at all accommodating in terms of parking. He wanted us to park in the adjacent open lot he even deemed unsafe himself instead of the back lot because he didn't feel like unlocking the gate. We had to keep asking until he gave in. No breakfast included that we typically expect from Holiday Inn. Then comes the hotel. We thought from the pictures, the hotel was nicely renovated. Yes, decor was trendy and modern from afar but up close, in truth, I think it just covers up the old hotel. Our room had a few baby roaches crawling around but it was tolerable for a night. The rooms were decent and spacious. Microwave and fridge was a plus (but fridge was off and the baby roaches scuttled out from there). Some of the locks on the old door are "vintage" so can be rusted shut or cannot lock. Balcony view of Superdome and not much else. Beds were comfy. But a problem with the renovations is that it gives you a false sense of cleanliness. I usually check the beds and the rooms but I was exhausted. So unfortunately, my fellow travel mates brought a few friends home...if you know what I mean.  Biggest regret on the trip. Double check your beds and do your checklist of bedbug safety! Two stars for not being entirely grungy looking.So far so good. 
Business travel and ups managed to mess up a delivery, but they were so helpful trying to search the place upside down. 
The decor is really impressive. Loved my room for the Warhol soup can and Marilyn Monroe paintings smiling down on me! I did get an upgrade for being platinum, which wasn't available in the morning so I was glad I waited to check in after my meetings all day. 
Louisiana food hurts me. It's spicy no matter which way I look at it, and the room service staff was helpful by putting together a dish after asking the chef. Shame, I called down to thank the chef however I was greeted by a pompous dude telling me chef doesn't speak to customers. Oh, please. This is my line of work. 
Love the decor, the front desk was very helpful, I would go back.... And I'm a sucker for IHG points!I watch every Saints home game from the lobby bar. The bartender Bydrow is awesome, and the atmosphere is always great. No smoking, which is nice.LIFESAVER! Picture it. Mardi Gras weekend, lost, extremely intoxicated, and you have a stranger following you. That was me, a small female, separated from my fiancée with no phone. I ran into this hotel to pretend I was staying there and was greeted and assisted by the greatest staff imaginable. Alexandrea not only calmed my nerves but also allowed me to use her phone to try and call my partner and when that didn't work, she went out of her way to reach her via social media. I cannot express my gratitude enough. The hotel was beautiful, but the customer service experienced made me a loyal holiday inn guest. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.Like many others that use this site, I had problems with the housekeepers.  The room was not clean when I moved in (mold in the bathroom, nail clippings in the carpet, nightstands had dried gunk on them that hadn't been wiped down.)  
On the day before I checked out, at 10:00am I got a notice under my door saying that my room could not be cleaned because regular housekeeping hours were over.  Left for the day at 10:15am, stopped at the front desk on the way out, told them I was leaving for the day and that I had taken down the Do Not Disturb sign, and could they please remind Housekeeping to clean my room.  The woman at the front desk said sure, no problem, they'd take care of it.  Got back that night and the room wasn't cleaned.
I did deal with a couple of nice people at the front desk while I was there, but even by New Orleans service standards, these people are clowns.  Avoid....Besides the fact that my ring was stolen from my room and the security has not answered or returned any of my phone calls, here are the other areas of concern. (And I don't want to hear about how I should have used the safe, I'm from ND where I don't have to worry about my things being stolen.) 
Horrible location - too far to walk to Jackson Square and Bourbon Street. Not safe at night - had to take a cab home. I believe a homeless shelter is a couple blocks away. 
Restaurant/bar staff not professional at all. Heard the bartender talk about how he use to get drunk on his old job as a manager... Not okay. We also had a waitress tell us the chicken tortilla soup was not good. (Why serve it then?) 
Now onto the room. The door to the balcony kept falling off of the track, the water in the shower barely drained, the vent in the shower was disgustingly dirty. Also, our door wouldn't shut unless we slammed it and the wifi is about as fast as dial up. Finally, don't bother using the switch on the door to indicate if you do or do not need maid service, they will still knock 4-5 times in the morning and bother. 
The pool. One word, disgusting. We have our own pool at home, and we would never let anyone go into our pool with the water being that murky and dirty as the pool there. (Our balcony was above the pool.) It needs a serious shock of chemicals. Do not let your children go in it. 
That is about it. Being from ND where it is almost always too cold, we are normally pleased pretty easily with anywhere that has warm weather. One should go elsewhere. The Hyatt down the street is gorgeous, try that. Was there for my conference but it was booked so I had to stay at this hotel. Never again.Good rates. Clean. Balcony with sliding glass doors. Paid Covered parking. Walking distance to the Superdome and the French quarter. I would stay here again. Huge, deep bathtub!This is a pretty wonderful hotel.  It's in a moderately nice location to all the fun and loudness of Bourbon St (within 15 minutes of walking) without being near all the crazy drunks that are attracted to it.  Loyola Ave is pretty quiet and there isn't any partying going on there, so you'll definitely get a good rest.  Warning: be very attentive walking to Bourbon St across Canal St - the drivers are generally oblivious to pedestrians and on the street corners there are usually groups of shady people at the bus stops.
PLENTY OF PARKING!  They even reserved a space for me and the beast 15 passenger government van I have to drive for work, and gave the parking to me at NO cost!  I believe the normal parking rate is less than $10 a day.
There's a decent restaurant/bar in the lobby (again, gave me a $10 breakfast coupon as a federal discount) though I only ate there once since I was in NOLA and wanted to dine in better places.  It is a good option if you don't have much time and need something directly within the hotel.
The lobby is beautiful (though can get very crowded at check-in) and my room was very clean and modern.  The bed was very comfortable and the decor was brand new.
The sales department is wonderful as well as the clean smiling faces and teeth behind the front desk.  They even have a full-time concierge staff that is extremely helpful.  
The only reason I rated this hotel at four stars is the Wi-Fi.  It is less than stellar.  Though I travel with a Verizon Aircard, I still expect hotels that advertise "high-speed wireless internet" to give high-speed internet.  Not so much here, it seemed to move so slow that it was going backwards.  When they correct that little issue, I'll rate it at five stars.
In the end, I fully intend to stay at this hotel the next time I'm in NOLA.  It's the perfect place to be if you like the city but don't like the noise of Bourbon St and it's the PERFECT place to stay if you're a federal government worker in need of a place that offers per diem, free parking, and free breakfast.Extremely nice staff and very clean , spacious and well kept room . I would definitely recommend anyone to stay here. This is my go to hotel when I'm in New Orleans.The hotel was really beautiful! Rooms were nice and comfortable. The hotel is in like the middle of downtown, so we walked to Jackson Square and got to see the city. 
The 2 phones and the TV in our room were not working, and they never came up to fix it after we requested it. We only stayed 1 night so we didn't ask again. 
The dining hall downstairs had delicious food and staff were all friendly. I had the slider trio and my mom had the pancakes, both were delicious! Highly recommend. Waiter accidentally gave me a busted pen so I got ink ALL over my hand. Employees were really friendly about it, manager came out and brought alcohol pads and paper towels. I asked him if he had hand sanitizer, and he offered to go buy some haha! So friendly.Hotel is well maintained, clean and location is convenient to French Quarter, Bourbon St, etc. The concierge Michelle is awesome and her recommendations were excellent. Great stay, highly recommend this property.Don't make the same mistake I did...."best flexible rate" may not be best and it may not be flexible if there is a "Special event" going on. I chose the "best flexible rate" because I thought my plans may change (which they did) and I was charged for the entire stay when I had to cancel my reservation (because there was a "special event" my deposit was 100% and nonrefundable)...be careful!If I could give this a negative, I would, just based on how myself and friends were treated at this hotel. The amount of disrespect and unprofessional attitudes were beyond unsatisfactory.
First off, checking in was a daunting task. The front desk, receptionist, Roxanne, was loud,  and reluctant to work with us. She was calm, cool and collected and even friendly when it came to the other guests but with our group, her demeanor changed. She made it clear, she wasn't happy with our presence. She gave us 1 room when clearly it was supposed to be 2. We didn't realize her mistake until we went up to look for the rooms. We went back down to the front desk and asked for adjoining rooms and she acted as if she didn't know what we were talking about. Then she was behaving as if we were inconveniencing her! She was not welcoming at all. Then to add insult to injury, she told us to wait to the side so she can check in another new guest as if we were already done. When she realized we were still waiting, she just passed us off to another front desk rep, Donovan, and he was happy to help us. 
With a group of 5+, we had no bell hop service or anyone to help us with our bags, we had to move from the 16th flr. down to the 14th floor because of Roxanne's mistake. The keys were constantly not working. Each time we went to the front desk to find out about our keys, she looked at us like we had no business there. The other rep would just reactivate it without much fuss. I've never had such a problem with keys not working this much at any other hotel.
We had an incident with the security guard, Robert,being real rude and unprofessional. His tone and actions were uncalled for and hurtful. We went to the rooftop pool on the 8th floor which was okay. 10pm, the pool closes and he told only our group to leave and not the Caucasian couple to leave. He then proceeds to lock the door and act nasty like we had no business being there. Meanwhile he politely & calmly talks to the couple and makes it seem as if we were being unruly and irate! We go to the front desk to inform them of what happened and the supervisor immediately says that he ran the cameras, why would that even be needed? It was appalling to treat us as criminals and we did nothing wrong. It was even more outrageous that our concerns fell on deaf ears. The asst. manager, John truly apologized for the staff's behavior but that shouldn't have been needed. The staff should not discriminate against us because we are educated, how we spoke, our skin color or whatever issue they had against us.
Restaurant- The hotel had a restaurant downstairs. We only ate there for breakfast. The food was good and the service was decent.
Rooms- the rooms are an average size but the beds are small. For future reference, don't think about coming here with a big group and sharing beds, it won't have a good result. Each room we saw had a balcony. The garbage cans didn't have garbage bags the whole time we stayed there. The bathrooms needs improvement. The toilets in the bathrooms were real low in height, as if you were being potty trained, definitely not comfortable for tall people. The water pressure in the shower was weak and low. It wasn't refreshing at all. The rooms did have a microwave and a small refrigerator. Our fridge was defrosting so it was leaking onto the stuff we put in there.
Service/Housekeeping- Loud and slow. We had called down to the front desk for extra towels and toilet paper and they took well over an hour to bring it up.You can clearly hear housekeeping in the hallway when you are trying to sleep in, which either means the walls were thin or they were just that loud. My last day there, they woke me up saying they thought I checked out already! It wasn't even 7am and checkout was at 11am. Then she slams the door, goes to the adjoining room, slams the doors, locks it and starts making a ruckus in there. It was so unprofessional. I didn't know what to do. Upon check-out, I did report her actions to the front desk, but I'm sure it fell on deaf ears once again.
I have never felt uncomfortable staying at a hotel like I did here. I cannot honestly tell anyone to stay here knowing what my friends and I went through. Overall, you can stay here at your own risk, I would not recommend it. Maybe we came during a bad time, which is crazy because it was for the French Quarter Festival. A suggestion for them would be to do proper training in hospitality, customer service and to not discriminate!Room 1635
First, I'm a IHG Gold member. So I've stayed in a lot of Holiday Inns. I prefer hotels that are independently owned. You tend to get better service than that big chains. 
So...I originally wanted to stay at the Holiday Inn on Bourbon St or Crowne Plaza on Canal (both owned by IHG). But they were booked up. 
But the Downtown location was still close by with easy access to the Street Cars. 
So...first, the internal parking garage is perfect and the $29 a day fee is cheap..trust me! They have a nice main lobby with a roomy bar. The cause for the 3 stars, the room, it felt like a run down '90s porn room. Stains on the carpet, patio door circa 1989. It felt cheap, and the lovely smell of the French Quarter found its way into the room...or maybe the smell was attached to my clothes. 
Holiday Inn Downtown is a cheap hotel close by to Bourbon St and the Stadium. 
This was my first time to New Orleans and my last. City is way to dirty and the smell of urine and b.o is bad. BUT, I did have a fantastic dinner at Red Fish Grill, see my review. 
PS...wifi speed is HORRIBLE.
Good Luck,
-TOur rooms were clean and the beds a comfortable place to crash after a day of touring. It is located away from all of the action in the French Quarter, which is where we spent most of our time. We tried the breakfast buffet our first morning. It was 9:45 and the buffett closed at 10. We waited nearly 10 minutes to be acknowledged by any employee, even though we saw at least 3. I went to waitress to ask for a table, and by the time I got her attention two others were willing to help us. I felt as if we were "bothering" them to serve us. There was a small continental bar, some hot pans with eggs, potatoes, grits - all were cold. The "fresh" fruit was not fresh or in season. Very disappointing for $15 per person. We would NOT recommend the hotel's breakfast when you can get wonderful food all over the city. The rooms were nice enough, but next time we will stay closer to the French QuarterVery Nice Holiday Inn ,  exceeded my expectations  , Rooms  were modern , Bed was super comfortable and Staff was gracious , and Helpful from directions , to sightseeing tips. . Location is between the super dome , & The French quarter . If you do not mind walking a little bit, location is good.Rooms are nice. Parking at $26 per night???!? That is crazy, never had to pay for parking when staying as a guest before and I've stayed at multiple hotels in busy downtowns of other cities. 
The parking deck is creepy at night and poorly lit. Building is getting old, the building actually shifts and moves!! There is a hollowed out building next door, an unpleasant site. 
The modern decor is nice though and the beds were clean.I will say, management came through and helped us get the refund they promised. I'm still not thrilled with our experience at this hotel but I really appreciate the management taking the time to look at the issues we had and to read the original Yelp review I posted. It does show that they care about their customers. So thank you to management and I would not deter people from staying here on the basis of bad customer service or employees.The walls are not soundproof. From the raucous party next door, to the sounds of crows in the nearby park which awakened me with the constant "caw caw caw" at the crack of dawn,when you're in need of post Mardi Gras revelry sleep,than this Holiday Inn is not the place for you. They are serious about "house keeping". As in 8:30-9:00 am start. But when you're in the Big Easy, you need to chill and wake up late.  The best part about the hotel is that its near to the French Quarter and the Super Dome. Its also close City Hall, and Historic  Downtown. But that's how NOLA rolls.  Its a 3 star.I stayed here 2 weeks for a job-related training.  The staff are very helpful and accommodating.  I brought my service dog and they were respectful and friendly towards her.  The breakfast buffet is nice, and the wait staff are extremely friendly.  Yes, the construction around the hotel is a pain, but that isn't the hotel's doing.  
I would highly recommend this place, and it's not a far walk to the Quarter.
They do have an over-abundance of Andy Warhol-themed paintings, but hey, that's their thing.We booked our stay at the Holiday Inn Downtown Superdome through Booking.com. That was a mistake. booking.com won't guarantee room configuration, just a "preference". Thus, we NEEDED a room with two beds, but didn't have one upon our arrival. However, the front desk staff, did everything they could and met our room needs. I was very impressed. The rest of the stay went off without a hitch. The rooms are very nice, beds comfortable, and housekeeping staff was exceptional. I'd certainly stay with them again.When you book here use the Group Code "FUN" for a $79.00 room.  You can have up to 4 people in this 2 double bed room for a flat $79.00.  Parking appears to still be extra, but from the normal price of $117+ this is great!
I ended up not staying here because I got a hotel on priceline that was a little closer and a little nicer so I took that option.  But this is still a hell of a deal!My girl friends and I really couldn't have asked for a better hotel during our visit to New Orleans. The staff was friendly and was able to check us into our 16th-floor room early. The view we had was awesome - we could see the Superdome! The balcony was a nice thing to have in a relatively inexpensive city hotel. The room was spacious and clean. We loved that there was an extra sink available. Wi-Fi is free, which we sincerely appreciated. 
The hotel's lobby and common areas are modern without being tacky. My friends and I especially enjoyed the lobby and bar. The hotel staff was all really friendly and quick to answer the few questions we had. Checking in and out was easy and painless! I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to visit the city on a budget.Nice enough establishment. The staff was friendly, room was clean and hair dryer was powerful. There is a bar and restaurant in the lobby, although they close rather early. I do not recommend the breakfast buffet. As always, it seems like a good idea. And as always, it's not really fresh. They offer parking for $29 per night. It sounds a little pricy but the closest lot parking we saw was a few blocks away and exposed. One major downside was a lack of a vent in the bathroom. Although we taking tepid showers, the room would steam up horribly. Also, the hotel is walking distance from the sights, but take a cab at night. You'll have to walk through a few uncomfortable spots.So it was convenient. They had a free shuttle to five places int eh area which included the French Quarter. The also drove us to the cruise ship when are stay was over. Now the beds were not ultra comfy but they will do for the price. It is great if staying a short time. 
DO NOT eat in the hotel restaurant. The people were rude to us. We went and they did not even acknowledge us and they only had 3 table occupied then asked if we wanted to sit at the bar because they did not have ny clean tables. So we left.This has been a very nice hotel in the recent past. Rooms are very nicely appointed. Modern amenities. Typical gym , pool etc.  But it stops there. 
You will have tons of trouble getting to the hotel due to road construction on Loyola RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE HOTEL. The city is constructing a new street car line and trying to get it done before the SuperBowl.  But the desk clerk told me to take the Red Line to the French Quarter, the same one they're replacing right in front of the hotel! That's service!
But the most important reason to stay somewhere else is safety. On our visit, 3 out of 4 elevators were inoperable AND the stairwells were LOCKED! Can you say fire hazard? We literally waited 45 minutes for an elevator! My elderly mother could never make it up 12 flights of stairs or we would have walked. 
You cannot check in until 4 pm. You can only imagine the chaos of literally hundreds of people trying park, check in, and wait on one elevator all at the same time. 
Finally, the staff are hands down the most disconnected, unconcerned, impolite group you will ever deal with. It's obvious they are just going through the motions to get a paycheck. 
I would sleep under the I-90 bridge with the homeless people (conveniently located  3 blocks south) before I stayed here again.
My next call will be to the Fire Marshall.Latest refurb looks good. Pretty trendy. Pool is also nice and great to have in the summer in this city. Bar was funky and a welcome sight (despite surly bartender) because ... Horrific check in experience due to the lobby being full of 5 different events at 11pm on Friday night and the desk staff being overwhelmed... Then being told we had to return to our car to move it to the correct level (3 upwards) and put a bit of paper in the window. Room not made/cleaned until 5pm on Saturday night which was just the time we were using it to get ready to go out!We stayed here for New Years and it was everything we needed: clean, central location, and a place to sleep at night. We had no issues with check in or check out. Parking is $30/night, but if you look around for an independent lot it will cheaper.I shouldn't have reviewed this hotel so quickly! It all turned around the next day. When my mom and I returned to our room there was a funky odor in the room and the bathroom had ashes on the floor, in the toilet and around the sink. There was also some type of brown cigar paper. I was livid! I noticed some of this residue the first day but I just flushed the toilet and brushed it off. After seeing it a second time all over the place I had to complain. I assumed a housekeeper was smoking in the bathroom? We had no idea what that was about, but we checked our belongings to make sure we had everything which we did. I called the front desk and the lady sounded slightly shocked, but not much. She said she would send someone up who never came and she didn't offer anything for the inconvenience. I called again spoke to someone else who said she would send someone up who ended up coming 15 minutes later to clean the bathroom. The lady I spoke to didn't offer anything for the inconvenience either. I called the front desk back after the lady cleaned, and explained the situation to a male and he didn't seem to care either, he asked if I wanted the housekeeping manager's number, and after me pushing some more he offered 2 free drink tickets which was not adequate and did not arrive under our door until hours later. They also called hours later to check to see if everything was okay. Customer service is poor at this location! I will not stay here again.This place is a nice, fairly modern hotel within walking distance of all an out-of-towner needs while visiting New Orleans.  Easy walk to the French Quarter and multiple restaurants.
This is about my tenth visit but I finally decided to review.  Hotel staff seems to be have been updated with some much friendlier than what I've experienced in the past.  The two front desk agents who greeted me tonight were very friendly and helpful, even recommending a good restaurant that delivers takeout to the hotel. 
The room itself was very clean and modern, however....nothing worse than seeing sheets that aren't clean when you're staying in a hotel.  What is this brown stain on the sheets when I got into my room????  Yikes!!!!  I don't know what it is but it means sheets weren't washed/inspected well.  I would have to rethink staying here again solely because of this.Not bad for an older Holiday Inn in a downtown area. Close to the French Quarter - but other hotels are as cheap (or cheaper) right in the quarter. The parking garage is a plus - nice and wide spaces and ramps at a real reasonable price. The restaurant was pretty good but the wait for breakfast was about 30 minutes every day - longer than I like - for breakfast especially. Rooms are nice and about everything has been redone since Katrina. My room safe would not lock (even after maintenance came up twice), they don't have the wireless internet boxes for loan like most HI locations, and one morning there was no hot water in the whole hotel. Not a bad experience - but not a particularly good one either.Left a pair of new shorts in my hotel room. Called numerous times and no one returned my phone calls and housekeeping never answered. If you plan to stay here don't leave anything in the hotel room, housekeeping will steal it.Meh I've experienced better in New Orleans. 
Pros: It isn't an arm and a leg for the room rate, it's somewhat near the attractions, there's a restaurant and bar in the hotel for quick needs, and they offer parking at the hotel that is easily accesable by the main elevator. They have balcony's that overlook downtown views could be good for smokers I guess.
Cons: It was very muggy and hot throughout the hotel's main areas. (I came in December, I'm not talking about NOLA humidity) I felt like if I peeled back the new wallpaper, carpets and other modern touches, I'd find an old slimy hotel beneath. The lobby and hallways had new art prints and shiny distractions but the hotel itself felt very old and musty. $29/night for parking is worth noting so you're not surprised. 
If you're looking for a bed to collapse into after a marathon walking, eating and drinking your way through New Orleans, this should work for you, but if you're expecting anything nicer, try something else.Nothing fancy, nothing special but clean and adequate. Located in the Central Business District but easy walk to Canal Street and the French Quarter. Also located walking distance from the Convention Center and the Superdome. Lots of great restaurants located within a half mile of the hotel.My fiancé and I were worried about staying here because of all the bad reviews but we had a fantastic stay. They automatically gave us rooms on the highest floor (18th). It had a great view and a balcony. The hotel has been renovated. Our room and bathroom was clean. Their products are bath and body works. The maids were quick to turn over our rooms even when they skipped is earlier in the day bc we posted do not disturb signs. The LOCATION was great! It's far enough that you don't get the noise of bourbon street. He and I walked everywhere. It's about a 15 min walk to the Bourbon street and the French quarter.Locating the hotel was somewhat tricky amongst New Orleans' winding streets. However, once we found the building, it was bold and in clear sight with a huge clarinet down the side. From the outside, it did not look very modern. However, once inside, I was welcomed by a gracious bellhop and modern lobby. The check-in process went smoothly and we were provided clear instructions to find our room and access wi-fi. Once in the room, I was pleasantly surprised by the spacious-ness and view (Tulane University). The beds were comfy and the bathroom was adequate. I was delighted by the inclusion of a refrigerator and microwave. The flat screen tv was on a pull-out swivel mount, which made it easy to view from any point in the room. The hotel was just blocks from Bourbon Street and not too far from Lafayette Square either. The only downside was the parking rates. I recommend using the Best Parking app, which helped me locate a safe parking garage across the street for a fraction of what I was quoted by the hotel.Wish I could give a 5 star review - but only couldn't because of the noise :/ downtown NOLA has loud sirens and a lot of horn honking. Made it very hard to get some sleep. Hotel itself is incredible. The staff is nicer than most I've ever witnessed in a hotel! Each employee we passed was cheerful and had kind things to say. Room was very nice and comfortable. We had a beautiful balcony looking over the city. Close walk to absolutely everything. Loved it!I stayed here a long time ago, and I was not very impressed. Now, I must say, even though the same "gruff" service still comes from the check-in desk, the rest of the place now shines like a new penny.  I suspect the Loyola Streetcar (which is currently under construction) had a lot to do with the place being fixed up.  New, bright colored paint and wall paper, new carpet, European style room furnishings, flat screen TV, etc. I will stay here again if I have business on this end of town.I'm definitely a fan! I ordered a room with double beds. The bed is comfy with lots of pillows. They're organized in soft or firm. The staff is really nice and I love how this hotel is very modern. Place comes with FREE Wi-Fi, a frig, nice flat screen TV. It's great! Place is also a 7 min walk to Burbon street. So far no problems and really enjoying the hotel!I should have read the previous reviews on this hotel. I've never experienced such rudeness and uncaring attitudes from staff members of any hotel establishment. 
They could care less about a problem I had,  the the guest service manager actually hung up on me! They charged my debit card when they weren't suppose to, it's not on their policy , I booked them on book now, pay later policy. But they decided on their own to charge me for 2 nights BEFORE my check in/ arrival , no notification to me and that wasn't on the website.  Their answer was I'm sorry,  too bad,  that's what we do when hotel is at 100 percent occupancy and again I said it does not say that anywhere.  I was told to just cancel my reservations if I didn't like it.worst customer service ever.  I come to New Orleans several times a year,  and every place I stayed had wonderful service and so courteous ..I'm appalled that Holiday Inn keeps letting their customers  treated so rudely over and over again.This is the worst Holiday Inn i have ever stayed in. I booked a double room about 3 months in advance. My boyfriend & I traveled here for the Giants vs Saints game. Upon check in we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a King at no additional charge. I gladly accepted since there wasn't one available when i booked. I was advised parking is $29 per day. There is no free breakfast. It's an additional charge.  I've never stayed at a Holiday Inn that didn't include complimentary breakfast. We were provided 2 room key cards and a third card for entry to & from the parking garage. We were given a room on the 9th floor. Our room was located at the end of the hall near the emergency exit 
Entering the room felt musty & humid. There was no view! Looking out of the window was the roof of the hotel. The sheets were stained. The towels were stained. Even the toilet tissue had a stain  There were no trash bags in the garbage cans. I was completely disgusted. The towels were all dingy. I notified front desk and the reply i received was "I can send housekeeping if you want me to" My reply "I think that would be a great idea, don't you" Housekeeping knocked on the door an hour or so later with a stack of dingy replacement towels & replacement sheets. She basically handed it over and left. The new sheets were raggedy but not stained 
I changed the sheets and replaced the towels with dingy unstained towels. The commode was extremely slow to flush. The water in the sink drained extremely slow. My stay was horrible. The best part of my hotel stay was checkout. I will never stay here again. If i travel back to New Orleans, I'll pay the extra money and book a nicer hotel somewhere on French Quarter. This place was not worth my $540 bucks. Please be wise and go elsewhere. You've been warned.Not only will I not sleep or stay here but I won't pay the 30$ parking and I will not deal with a judgemental manager who thinks I cannot afford a room for the night. This is deff not the place to roll into at 2 am looking for a place to sleep. Not only was I insulted even for the cheap 295$ a night but was insulted as though my character was in question. STAY AWAY TRAVELERS! 0 stars if it was possible.First off, let me say that as a former business 'road warrior' I've stayed in hundreds of hotels all over the US and Canada. I have to say that this hotel is the BEST experience I've ever had. Why? Because of the staff. The concierge, Cindy was a miracle worker. I visited for a business conference but brought my husband along. We did not do a good job preparing and did not have much time to spend. Cindy took care of planning our stay and I have to say we saw just about everything we came to see in just 2 1/2 days. She also got us an impossible reservation at Emerril's and an AMAZING dinner reservation at Galvez, which had the very best sangria and we sat in a very romantic private booth with breathtaking views of the Mississippi River. And she got us discounts on everything. She is very well connected and knows the city well. She also saved us a ton of money on taxis by teaching us how to use the local street cars. Scott is an amazing bartender who also knows the city well and recommended a fantastic local open mic where my husband got to play guitar with local musicians. Scott worked at Pat Obrien's before they started using a prepared mix and knows how to make you an authentic New Orleans Hurricane from scratch. The entire staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was comfortable and modern, very Andy Warhol and had a nice balcony view. The restaurant is outstanding. Great food and service. We enjoyed our stay SO MUCH we will return again very soon to see more of NOLA.We had a reservation for a Monday and moved it to Friday and Saturday with no hassle. Hotel was conveniently located for Pelicans game and for sight seeing we wanted to do. About 1/2 mike to Bourbon Street. Had to pay for parking, but better than having to pay for parking just anywhere and having to move. $30/ day at parking garage, not bad.Arrived early and was told could not check in any sooner then three. Buyer be aware if you're coming from long flight and are jet lagged and need to rest when you arrive. Enjoy your lobby wait.Bad bad bad.  Where to start with this place.....Well we got there after having booked this place a few months in advance, not being a peak time, in between mardi gras and jazz fest.  When we called we made sure that we had nonsmoking and a king size bed, which at that time they told us no problem, blah blah blah.  so we get there and they give us our room, we go up to it and there are 2 beds, not one.  we thought this was lame, so i called down, got no answer, and then walked back down the elevator, went down 10 floors in a sketchy elevator.  I then walked up to the service person, told them what was up, and they said sorry, but there is nothing that they could do for us.  They said that since we are staying there for 6 nights, that there would be no reason why tomorrow we could not switch rooms and she would make sure it happened and pass it on.  We thought, oh well, guess we can hang in there for a night and deal with it tomorrow.  Well we got up in the morning and of course there was a new crew working.  when i asked the new lady if i could get a new room per the promise of the night crew the night prior, she rolled her eyes at me, and said there was no way to do it.  very very rude.  so here we are on a "romantic getaway" and we have seperate beds.  whatever, stinks, but we are adults and worked this out.  So later that night after getting a nice meal, I started getting a horrible headache and so we headed back to the hotel, i had i migraine and was in a world of hurt.  i needed some ice, so i tried to call down to the front desk again, to get a bag to put ice in, and they didnt answer.  so i walked back down there talked to them, nicely asked for a bag to put ice in.  instead of them getting me something, they said they didnt have any and they would send housekeeping up there to get me one.  so i walked back up to the room, feeling like death, and waited, and waited and waited.  no one came.  tried calling down there again, a few times, no one answered, finally i just said, forget it, and attempted to pass out.  my last complaint with this place, was twice we had a cab called for us, and twice other people had cabs called after us, and they, meaning the holiday inn staff, presented the cab to the people that requested it after us.  both times this happened.  sure the price is reasonable, but at what point does the horrible service out weight the price.  this is a place i would not come back to and not recommend it to anyone.Was treated bad by rude wait staff. Came down for breakfast and was treated like a homeless crackhead off the street. I am a Spire member and have never been treated like that before at an IHG property. The wait staff running breakfast were like disgruntled thugs that did not want my business.It sucks that they charge u with 30$ for parking. WTF... Hotel is okay for a reasonable price, rooms are clean and they have a cool pool.When we checked in to the hotel, the staff was nice and the room appeared to be clean. Quickly, however, we noticed a stain on one of our sheets (and they felt very sticky and gross as well). We decided to just take the sheet off and sleep with the comforter. The next morning, my cousin was moving the pillows off of her bed and looked at the underside of one of the pillows and noticed a HUGE stain on it. Same color as the one we found on the sheets. We brought the pillow down to the front desk to show them the stain and to let them know that was the second stain we had found. They didn't seem to care all too much and just let us know the sheets would be changed. 
When we came back to the room after the sheets were changed, low and behold there was another stain on one of the sheets. We called the front desk very upset and they said they would send a maid manager to our room. We asked if there was anything else they could do for us and they finally agreed to give us complimentary breakfast. The maids eventually just gave us new sheets out of the package and we put a Silence sign on our door so they wouldn't come in and change them again. 
The next day, we got back to our room at night and my cousin went to sit on the chair when she felt something crawl over her foot. It was a COCKROACH. GROSS! We called the front desk and asked if they could send somebody up to take care of it. When the gentleman arrived we informed him of the cockroach and he asked what we wanted him to do about it. We were like "Can you take it out of the room!?" He needed our permission to spray repellent, and we gave him permission. At this point we were so upset and over this whole hotel. We asked if there was anyway they could give us our money back and the lady at the front desk said (since we booked through Expedia) we should call our third party provider and they could issue us the FULL refund. 
We got home and called Expedia to ask for the refund, they were very willing to do it for us. The agent first needed to call the hotel to confirm the information we provided. The agent called us back and stated that the hotel told her they had NO RECOLLECTION of the problems we had during our trip. So they basically lied to Expedia. We are still trying figure this situation out and it's just a huge inconvenience. 
Book at your own riskFirst off, the white girl at the front reception was really rude when checking us in, her name starts with an A., She didn't even say welcome or thank you and didn't even inform us of where the pool was located or fitness room much less the restaurant or bar...the room we stayed in was on the 18th floor, bed was comfy and room was clean however you could  hear sirens all through out the night and they were very loud and annoying so no, the rooms are not sound proof...housekeeping did a decent job however when you greet them with a good morning you will get no response just a stare from head to toe...the manager, looks like a Hispanic guy was just sitting at the bar every single night we were there talking to the white bartender who by the way was also extremely rude and doesn't smile or say thank you either...location was ok not great was about a 15 minute walk to bourbon street and French quarter, although all of our uber drivers did warn us about not walking back to the hotel in the night due to it not being safe and actually that weekend that we were there, there was a shooting!!!! Scary !!!The price may be cheap but you will pay $29.00 to park.  It is close to the French Quarter/Bourbon street to walk.  I've read many folks saying 'it's not safe, it's too far, ect."  #1 there's no definite safety to be had walking the streets downtown.  If we never come back, it won't hurt my feelings. DIRTY. 
Hotel was not the worst but on your balcony or while at the pool there are decent views of the city and many run down and vacant buildings.  Not real pretty.  RUDE people too, guess you can find that anywhere but there are some real gems here.
The hotel has been renovated and is nice, no free breakfast but they have a hotel resteraunt that looked very modern but I wasn't into the price!I stayed at this hotel for two weeks on my visit to New Orleans, my stay was fine. The bell captain John Holmes is very helpful & friendly. 
My problem was the trolley stop cafe food, i had a burger one night and it was the worst, dry buns, dry patty, the ends of the tomatoe, basically all scraps, for a guest that is staying for two weeks , this is not good service. Stay away from the trolley stop cafe, you are better off walking 15 minutes to the french quarter and have some good eats.My wife and I stayed here on March 20-23 2016 it was a very pleasant experience. You are only a 10 minute walk from to bourbon st . The hotel was clean, my only gripe was the toilet didn't flush well and the shower heads were loose ( very small problem) . I will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and family.I have stayed at this hotel multiple times. There have been a few issues but overall I think it's the best value in the area for a balcony and they are great with early check in or giving an extra hour for Check out. Parking is an additional $30 but it's competitive for overnight parking in the area, covered, and easily assessable with cameras. Make sure when making reservation that you say you DO NOT want breakfast or it's an additional amount as well and there are much better places to eat in the area like Ruby Slipper. Anytime this hotel has messed up corporate has always been there to make it right and I think being an IHG member is extremely helpful.Hotel front desk could be much more professional. Have been highly unimpressed with my dealing with them. It seems I'm an inconvenience when I ask about anything including checking in to the hotel. Now the hotel maids and workers have been nothing but excellent. I can't recommend the staff enough. They are super friendly. Check in multiple times a day to see if we needed anything and always have a smile.(1) Great price.  Reserved on Hotwire for $59.  Got well more than our money's worth.  
(2) In-room fridge and microwave!
(3) Free internet.
(4) Large room, larger than most hotels we've stayed at.  And the room had two sinks (one inside and one outside the bathroom), very convenient for a traveling family of four.
(5) Great location.  Within walking distance of the French Quarter, and Amtrak/Greyhound (which is how we came in and left, respectively).
(6) They let us check in at 8:00am!  We were prepared to wait, so glad we didn't have to.
(7) The kids loved the rooftop pool.
Much better experience than the Hyatt Regency we stayed at in the next city at twice the price.Staff at this hotel seems to be untrained, uniformed and unable to deal with any variation in its routine. We arrived one day before and left one day after an organized tour of New Orleans. That required three reservations: one for the day before the tour, one for the five days of the tour, and one for the day after the tour. Staff assured us we would not have to change rooms but we soon found that the room assigned to us was in bad shape. However, before we could complain, staff asked us to move because the room we were in had been scheduled for renovation. We moved, only to find ourselves locked out of our new room because no one had entered our new room -- or even our presence -- in the hotel computer.
One we got that straightened out, we found that our second room was OK, albeit a bit noisy. It was on the sixteenth floor. Our original room had been on the tenth floor on the opposite side of the hotel. From this we learned that all rooms in the hotel are subject to quite a bit of noise from the streets surrounding the hotel. The windows -- actually patio doors -- are single-glazed.
We experienced no more problems until Halloween night, when a dozen guests of the hotel, including ourselves, boarded the hotel shuttle to go downtown for dinner and the Halloween parade. Of course the parade closed some of the streets for a couple of hours. Hotel management used that as an excuse to send the shuttle driver home. With the parade over and the streets re-opened, we learned, when we called for the shuttle, that we had been abandoned nearly a mile from the hotel. Because we were a large group, we decided we could walk back safely through the seedy area that surrounds the hotel. We did. This bad experience should not reflect on the concierge and shuttle services, which were good, but only on management.
Did I mention the seedy area that surrounds the hotel? Hotel security advises against walking in the area after dark, despite the fact that the hotel remains a headquarters for the Louisiana National Guard, which, two or three years post-Katrina, is still patrolling the streets of the city.
The tour included a number of buffet meals in the hotel's Holiday Streetcar Restaurant: all breakfasts, two dinners and one lunch. The breakfasts and dinners were dismal; the lunch was good. Drinks at the bar were seriously overpriced.Currently staying here. 
Booked the room on Priceline for $55/night. The place is nicely decored, looks like a recent remodel has been done. There is a new streetcar line being built directly in front of the hotel, so at least for the recent future, you will have the sounds of construction emanating up to your 15th floor room. 
This place is not exactly near the hot spots. A 25 minute walk to the Convention Center or a $7 cab ride. No shuttle service to the French Quarter.  
Located a block from a Walgreens with a Chase ATM inside.
My room came with a mini-fridge and microwave. 
There is $3 happy hour daily from 4-6 pm. 
Also, free wifi!!!I stayed for a weekend with my husband (Friday-Monday). The house keeper only came once to clean our room (Saturday). Whoever cleaned our room took out all the towels and did not replace any of them. When we called the front desk they were not in a rush to bring us more. My husband walked the halls to find someone to replace our towels. 
The AC in our room was broken, (which is unacceptable considering how humid it is in NOLA) therefore we could not control the temperature on our own. It was either REALLY cold in the room or REALLY hot.
It looks as if they have given the hotel a "facelift" but they have not made basic repairs on a regular basis.If you need REAL internet do not go here. I stayed one night - tried 7 different rooms and never had a stable connection. They need an upgrade, so if you are on a business trip and need to work dont stay here. I moved to Marriott and they have great wi-Fi. We canceled six night at this Holiday Inn....Really disappointed in this hotel. For several reasons. 
1) rude rude rude.... the gals in the front and parking garage were just unbelievable rude - I hate my job- type attitude 
2) this hotel has no USB ports in the room.
3) parking is $30 a night.
4) they charged me an extra 40 dollars my second night, when my original reservation said the same rate for both nights. They refused to fix it on their end. 
5) the bar is dingy and gross. 
6) no early check in! Got there at 12 and was told my room wasn't ready... so I came back at 2:30- room still wasn't ready. Then I sat at the lobby with 5-6 other people waiting to check in.. and right at 3, everyone was able to check in.. I've never encountered that before- and I travel a lot 
Pros -
1) My room had a balcony 
2) 20 min walk to Bourbon & French quarter 
Would never book here again lolSpent 4 nights here for Voodoo Music Festival.  Staff was great, room was clean, and price was right.  We ate in the dining room the first night, Gumbo was great.  hotel is 7 blocks from Bourbon Street, VERY walkable and only 3 blocks from the Canal Street Trolley.  The only draw back was the location was a little bit shady.  Made me nervous walking back after a night on the town.Well, to start we have been here for 2 weeks for work. Never again will I come to this hotel. The people are nice, for the most part. Other then a couple of the housekeeping ladies, completely rude to me, because I asked them to properly clean my shower. No exaggeration there is at least a month and a half of soap scum buildup in my shower. I have found a hair in my bed after I requested new sheets because of foreign stains that I'm not even sure what they were from( gross), as for the room service... The food is ok, if you don't mind flavorless food and possibly burnt pancakes in the am! After the first week I made it very clear to them that I would like my shower clean properly. Still hasn't happened. Personally went out and bought shower shoes, afraid of getting a fungus or something worse. I gave them two stars and that's an exaggeration!Caveat: i have no idea about the quality of the rooms, the attentiveness of the hotel staff, or the cost/value of a hotel stay.
This is purely a review of the hotel as a meeting space for business purposes.  Also, they are renovating so this could change in a couple of months.
The space for our meeting was fairly cramped with low ceilings and no windows.  On the plus side, no technical glitches.
The food was inedible. I was served some pumice, thinking they expected me to scour pans, but conversation revealed it was intended to be chicken breast.  The same plate contained underdone fish.
I guess they are approaching how good should be cooked, asymptotically.I booked this hotel through Hotwire for $57/night on a weekday. Great deal! This hotel is wonderfully decorated, updated with modern furniture, and in a good location in New Orleans. Staff was awesome! The bartender, Scott, was fun to talk to. Rodney in front was so friendly and courteous. Definitely recommended!I really enjoyed my stay here everything was clean and fresh. The only draw back was the young ladies when I checked seemed to be at odds as far as who's turn it was to check in guest who was doing something, who was getting off and all of that. Which a little attitude wasn't going to mess with my trip. The last draw back I have with any hotel the crazy money they charge for parking. My fix for that is fly down and take the trolley saves me 30.00 bucks a day and allows for a workout if I walk. This hotel is not far from the sites you can walk to the store or hit Bourbon street.Our experience was hit or miss, mainly due to the fact that room service never cleaned our room or left the towels or blankets that we requested twice...HOWEVER Kevin who works up front in Bell service made our entire stay.  A genuine guy who sent us to our favorite spots in New Orleans with a positive personality every day.  I would stay here again solely because of him.The only reason they get a star is cause the room was nice.... The shuttle service was horrible, the staff lied to us saying it was gonna leave or had just left but we found out that they had never bothered to tell the drivers... And they weren't that busy, just lazy and horrible service. Pay the extra money and go some where they treat you right.It is downtown but more cbd than quarter.  I am platinum with IHG hotels so this got me a free breakfast every morning,  I am glad I did not have to pay for those breakfasts.  It was bland and the orange juice tasted like sugar syrup.  It was really nothing to write home about but not a bad hotel either.  I would say either stay in the quarter or not in the quarter.I'm staying here for the essence festival, so this hotel is about a 6-8 minute walk to the superdome. We are spending most of our time there so this location is perfect for us! I spent well over $800 for this weekend, but that is expected as essence is a big event plus it's a holiday weekend. Customer service is fine--not stellar but no complaints. The room is clean and there are enough towels in the bathroom. They have menus at the front desk for restaurants in the area that deliver, which is a huge plus because their room service stops at 10pm. A late night early morning meal is much needed after drinking! The only minor con I would say is there is no beverage vending machine on the guest room floors, you have to go down to the garage to get a beverage. However, there are snacks/candy vending machines on each floor. Not a huge deal, just make sure you grab a beverage before heading back!I have not stayed in this hotel. I only was there for couple of corporate events and restaurant downstairs. 
They do offer a nice ballroom for your Christmas or dinner event upstairs. Pretty spacious and their management team was really good at keeping up with guests and operation etc. I have dealt with Holiday Inn folks before to book a room for other employees and they are very responsive! 
Restaurant downstairs is okay. Service is great and the dining area is quite and clean but I am not too too big fan of their menu selection. This was the case for the corporate event as well. Nothing very special or particularly great dishes. Just very simple and "it does its job" level. At least the restaurant area let me customize my plate to meet my dietary restriction so I am very appreciative for that!Stayed here on March 8th, 9th and 10th. This hotel was okay, really nothing to write home about. First the good my room was nice . The bed itself was really comfortable and you really couldn't hear the people in the rooms next to you. the rooms included a mini fridge,  microwave  and a safe The view from the hotel was really good as you could see from some of the pictures. The l cost of the room was reasonable for the area. Although I do think the parking is a little pricey at $30 a night. I do have one complaint and it was when I asked the concierge if there were any restaurants wiithin walking distance from the hotel. He recommended Walk-On's  only saying that there weren't many more in the vicinity. Now Walk-On's  is a place that basically serves fried food and alcohol. Not what I was looking for plus them and it was not good. As for the staff they were okay.Awful. We walked in and were denied our early check in even though we signed up for it over the phone. They lied to us and said a room would be ready in 20 minutes since they were working on cleaning it now. 40 minutes later we went back up to the desk to ask for an update, they took our name and number and I asked why the first girl didn't take our info and how she said our room would be ready soon. The manager claimed we were lying and stated  "she would never say that". To top it off, when we asked the bellhop to please get us a cart, since there were none in the lobby, he huffed and puffed in our face and moaned. We thought he might be joking, but he never came back with a cart and then a minute later got a cart for people who came in after us. Breakfast wasnt included in the price and it was disgusting. And parking was $30 bucks a day on top of how expensive it already was. And they slap you with a ton of fees and taxes when you check out. 
The concierge was friendly and informative. But that's the only nice thing I have to say.Rudest counter personnel I have ever encountered in all my years of traveling. As a Gold Member, IHG needs to have a training session with every employee in this establishment (besides concierge, that woman deserves a raise). Desk manager called me a liar when discussing one of his employees statements. The bellhop was lazy and unprofessional. Setup pre check in with IHG, never made it on the list. After a 17 hour drive we had to wait in the lobby exhausted. Will stay at different Holiday Inn next time I visit NOLA.We are here for a few extra days before the rest of our group gets here for a Navy reunion.  Parking is $30/day in addition to the room rate.  We weren't told about this charge when checking in.  The rooms are spacious enough and clean. You must have a room card to enter the floors where the guest rooms are located.  I like this safety feature.  Upon exiting the elevator on our floor, there was a tray of dirty dishes from room service breakfast. It was now dinner time.  This tray remained there about 36 hours from our arrival. The room across from ours had a collection of glasses and bottles in the hallway.  The lock on our door didn't fully unlock requiring my husband to have to use a shoulder to force the door open.  I'm not strong enough to open the door.  Our room was not cleaned until after 5pm. The coffee pods were not replenished.  No coffee is available unless ordered from room service or in the restaurant.  Breakfast is about $15/person extra. The concierge was a huge help planning our excursion packages.  We booked a tour/activity daily for the 7 days of our stay. There is a balcony overlooking the city but no chairs to sit on the balcony. Rooms are quiet.  We are on the 17th floor.  Later in the week, we will be spending our evenings in the banquet rooms with our group.  The catered meal is basic chicken and potatoes rather than something with a local flair. 
Edit-- cleanliness is not next to Godliness here.  It's common to see room service trays left in the hallways 24-36 hours at a time.  Our room was rarely cleaned until late afternoon.  We requested maintenance fix our door before my poor husband dislocated a shoulder trying to open the door.  We've now been here 4 days and the door is yet to be fixed.  Staff has not been overly friendly.  None of the housekeeping staff has smiled or returned our hello's.We really like this place.  It is in a great location right off the french quarters.  The rooms are really nice and the staff was really friendly.  I would recommend this place to anyone trying to save a few bucks, wanting to be close the quarter but okay that they are not smack dab in the middle of it.I loved my stay at this Holiday Inn. It was my first time in New Orleans and I can't wait to go back! Especially for the price! The location was awesome and the rooms were clean and modern.  
It was a little rough at check in, but that's because the clerk was over 50 and I am actively opposed to anyone over 50 handling transactions that involve a computer. Call me age racist!Whenever I stay at a holiday inn I know it isnt going to be stellar since its usually just a cheaper convenient hotel for people looking for just that, so I never set high hopes here. 
The room was cleaned up nicely for us and we were able to check in early. We ate at their restaurant for breakfast, which was good. Nice waiter we had and he came by enough to check on us. There's two sinks with mirrors in our room. One in the bathroom and the other right outside of the bathroom, so it was very convenient when we were getting ready to go out. Huge mirror on the bathroom door and another one on the closet sliding doors. (A great place to stay if you like checking yourself out!)  Wifi available here too. There's a shuttle service that takes you to frenchquarter, the casino and some other area downtown that I cant remember, which leaves the hotel every hour on the hour. I think this is one of the few hotels in the downtown area that do this since I didn't see many other hotel shuttles going throughout town while I was in New Orleans. They had a good concierge that was helpful but he seemed a little pushy about signing us up to do stuff. We told him we are only there for two days and what was the best thing to do as far as touring. He told us the van tour that takes you to a cemetary, garden district, downtown area to see the water damage, and the destroyed neighborhoods of Katrina. We said thank you and that we'd think about it, but he kept saying at least 3 times, "I can sign you up for it....are you going to do the tour. Tell me because I need to reserve it for you. " This was said AFTER we said "We're not sure, we'll let you know when we make a decision tonight". We didnt end up booking it through the hotel since we found a tourist shop down the street from the House of Blues that gave us the same tour which was a longer hour for cheaper than the more expensive 2hour tour offered at the Holiday Inn. 
Now for the negatives....we got our deal on Priceline.com for cheap and were pretty sure it said free continental breakfast and shuttle service to the airport. We were either wrong, or they were disregarding it. But whatever, nothing to get too upset about. When I was up in the room, I tried getting on their free wifi, but it asked for a username and password. Later that night I asked the front desk about it and they said that you have to put in the username and password. I told them I dont have that and then they gave me the wifi card with the user/password that I needed. Why wasn't this given to me when I first checked in? Also, the 'Free wifi" lasts only 25 minutes before you have to pay for it. I suggest you take turns having your friend/family go down and ask for it when your time runs out. Dont go with them ofcourse! cause they might only limit it to 25min/room.