If you are looking for authentic Japanese sushi this is the place. My husband and I have lived in New Orleans for 3 years and have been searching for something traditional. This place is amazing! They have sushi you would not normally find at your average American sushi restaurant. The service is also excellent. Both hostess and waitresses are extremely attentive. Also, you know it's authentic when the Japanese Iron Chef dines here! Highly recommend this place. Also, this is my first positive review ever on Yelp (mostly I do negative), so you know this place is good if I put in the effort to write a positive review :)Greeted at the door by hostess.  Who took time to not only seat me, which I know is the job of the hostess, she also placed my napkin across my lap.  I mean this is a rarity, except in very high end restaurants.  
I sat at the sushi bar and since I was alone, I was able to interact with the chef & watch tv, win-win.  
The temperature and the appearance of the food were in line with what I expected.  
As an appetizer, I ordered edamame & for the entree I ordered nabeeyaki udon.  This was my first time having the udon as an appetizer and I wasn't dissatisfied.  The portion size was larger enough, that I had some left over for lunch the next day.
The prices were as expected, I spent about $20 bucks; not bad for appetizer, dinner
& lunch.  
Definitely worthy of a repeat visit.It's been a while since I went here to Horinoya (2/2009), but the sushi was good.  The cajun-style tempura was interesting and not something you can find here in the North East.For a tiny hidden sushi bar in the CBD, this place is pretty damn good. Horinoya is a great place to get some more traditional japanese ingredients. I can't say I've ever seen natto anywhere outside of a japanese home, let alone on a sushi menu. My friend got a vegetarian roll with pickled plum that totally flipped my sushi world upside down. Check this place out.I've been eating here once a week for years, and I think the fish is the best in New Orleans, fine, whatever, and I like the place, and it's relatively consistent, and I think it's odd that the aged battle axe that guards the entrance always greets me with a  deep grimace followed by, may I help you?, and a look like she's swallowed something really, really bad,  and yes I want food, for christ's sake, and somewhere to sit down, and yeah good to see you too, the gaijin is back, and you can all stick it up your what do you call it, and please don't touch my plate again while I'm still chewing  and thanks, see you next week,Big fan of Horinoya.  This is my second time here as I'm in town for business.  I've had my share of sushi in Los Angeles, and this would rank right up at the top with those places as well.  Sat at the sushi bar, quick attentive service.  Miso soups was excellent and then ordered several pieces of sushi and two tolls.  Trust me, if they recommend a certain sushi on special, get it.  I ordered the Toro ($16, yep) but it was just sublime...sooo buttery soft.  Also got the Hamachi ($6 (from what I recall) and other pieces as well.  Bottom line.  Sushi was top quality.    A bit expensive as Travis W. mentions, but, to me, well worth it.This place gets a 2.5 rating from me, because the "A-OK" rating of 3 stars does not apply here.  It is not"A-OK".  It's barely a step above "Meh, I've experienced better".
I am astounded that this place is getting so many rave reviews.  Am I missing something here, or did I perhaps go on a night when the sushi chefs were having an off night?  Do I really need to go back here and give this place another chance?  I consider myself a good judge of sushi, having eaten at Shogun at least 200 times (Review to come soon; I promise).
If you work in the CBD or warehouse district, and you want satisfy your craving for sushi, then I guess this place will suffice.  However, everything we ordered was simply mediocre.
We ate here the night of the Night Ranger / Foreigner / Journey concert and were looking for a decent meal near the New Orleans Arena so that we did not have to eat stadium food for dinner. 
Our order consisted of:
Cucumber salad - no fills here & pretty small in size
Shrimp tempura sushi - tasted like a frozen Mrs. Pauls or Gorten's shrimp
BBQ yellowtail roll - average at best
New Orleans roll - probably the most decent thing we had
On a positive note, the sushi bar was pretty big for such a small restaurant.  The staff was friendly, the waitress was attentive to our drink refills and the restaurant was clean.  If you're in a hurry, then this place gets two thumbs up because the sushi chefs must pride themnselves in serving the fastest sushi in the business.  You could literally sit at the sushi bar, order two rolls and be out of there in 10 minutes.Horinoya is a more traditional Sushi place that is just a bit pricier than Sekisui Samurai which is a similar place also in town.  They serve traditional sushi and sashimi just like Sekisui Samurai, but I believe the quality at Horinoya is just a tad bit higher.   I came here for dinner and it was not very crowded at all.  Given it's location in the business district, I think it's probably safe to say that they are probably more of a lunch place during the work week.
I may be biased as my perspective for sushi is skewed since I've had sushi in CA and Vegas, but I don't think Horinoya is worth the price.  The sushi and sashimi are perfectly fine if your in the mood for it thoughGreat authentic Japanese sashimi and sushi! If you are into American style rolls this is probably not the place for you. It's a Japanese sushi experience in New Orleans without a pricy airline ticket. When I am in New Orleans I always make a stop here. When Japanese businessman come to N.O. you will find them at Horinoya. The attention to detail is seen in every item I ordered.Small sushi/Japanese restaurant tucked away in the middle of CBD. We were seated quickly and our waters/drink orders were promptly filled. The menu had a good variety and offered different options such as takoyaki and salmon liver. Some reviews had complaints about the price but IMO the food was reasonably priced for a restaurant in the heart of downtown New Orleans... If you want cheaper sushi, go out to Metairie! Our orders came out quickly; the sashimi was fresh, the rolls were delicious, and the waitresses were super attentive. Great dining experience and would definitely go again! Oh and btw, I lived in NYC's East Village for a couple years so I do know what "great" sushi is.大通り Poydras St. 沿いにあり、比較的見つけ易い場所にあります。目印は、入り口ドアの上方に "Sushi" の字のネオンです。
基本、寿司屋さんですが、今日はうどんが食べたかったので、煮込みうどんの写真が美味そうで、ここに決めました。
ビール小瓶とししゃも（２本）、煮込みうどんと、後からイイチコ炭酸割りにレモン（チューハイが無かった）を付けてもらい、チップ込みで $40 と、米国で日本食なら、まあ普通の金額ではないかと思います。
寿司を握る男性は、ひとりは年配の日本人、もうひとりは中国人かな？ サーブする女性にもひとり日本人がおり、他はアジア系の方々でした。
ししゃもも普通に美味く、少々堅めなうどんを使った煮込みうどんには、海老天、カマボコ、タケノコ、ホウレンソウ、ニラ、生卵が入っており、スープも変にしょっぱくもなく、十分美味しかったです。
金曜の夕方、予約も入れず、ひとりで行ったのですが、数席埋まってる程度で、注文もすぐに出てきました。
可もなく不可もなくということで、星みっつの評価としたいと思います。Good no frills sushi place with reasonable prices. The entire staff was very friendly to me.We live around the block to the best sushi restaurant in New Orleans...better than a lot of places besides New Orleans. 
Freshest sashimi and the sushi boat ($75) is well worth it. 
I don't care much for rolls but I've tried some whenever our friends ordered them. 
Service is impeccable and I love watching a game on their television by the sushi bar. ( Don't mind the elderly lady who's normally the hostess, she's not vibrant and cheery.. but your waiter will make it up)
Very clean. This is our favorite sushi restaurant..it tops a lot of the major cities.I really enjoy meeting my husband here for sushi lunch on the days that he works in New Orleans.  The sushi is tasty, the atmosphere is pleasant and clean, and I never feel rushed.  It has the feel of a sanctuary away from the workweek.  It has never occurred to me to ask the service staff to select my order for me, but since Chris L. recommends that, I think I will try it next time!the manager has no people skills..maybe its a cultural thing..
but the food isn't bad.. had a dynamite roll, spicy shrimp tempura, and Louisiana roll.. decor is ok.. price is midrange for sushi..I had been to Horinoya for dinner once and lunch once, and was always pleased with my meal. Fresh sushi, fair prices, and some really interesting menu items that you won't find at other NOLA sushi restaurants.
And then I went one night with my boyfriend, and was feeling adventurous and we asked for omakase (this basically is "chef's choice" where the sushi chef decides what you're going to eat that night). 
Well, 9 courses later, we left high on all things Japanese. Among other things, we had steamed monk fish liver and a crazy sake shooter and tempura shrimp and pristine sashimi and ice cream moshi and even a special soy sauce that was so complex I kept dipping my finger in it just to taste it alone.
It was the best meal of 2009, and probably one of my two top meals ever. It cost a bit, but it was worth it.
My only complaint about Horinoya: when it's slow, it is so deadly quiet that it can be a little offsetting at first. Everything echos a little....My favorite sushi spot in New Orleans whenever business brings me here. If you're staying at the Hyatt you're within a minute walk from this spot.
Some of the best tasting and freshest variety of fish in the city, I've tried tons over the years in NO. They even offer Chu-Toro and Toro for a pricey $10/$16 but worth it order of 2 pieces.
I've eaten here 3 out of 4 nights this trip. Always mix it up between great authentic appetizers and the sushi...hard for me to not walk out having spent $50-$100 myself, but always leave full.I would like to give this a 3 and a half. This is the first sushi place we have tried since moving to New Orleans a week ago and while I would go back it's not the best I have ever had. We got the shrimp gyoza app which tasted great but had some filler. I had the Salmon entree and it was a little dry but still tasty. My husband got three rolls, which were all good but we have had better.
They had really authentic japanese dishes which we are excited to go back and try. Staff was very attentive and very fast.
The warm wash cloths before the meal were a great touch.Hmmm I have mixed feelings about this one. I was in NOLA with the fam and my dad wanted sushi. I chose Horinoya because I read that it is authentic Japanese, meaning it has a Japanese owner and had at least 1 Japanese speaking worker. 
We arrived at 6:30 on a Saturday night and the place was pretty empty. The service was pretty quick and we ordered pretty traditionally japanese dishes and they did a pretty good job. It's definitely good to mix in the lighter taste of asian food with the heavier cajun food.Even though the sushi is ok at best, this restaurant clearly has mice issues, spreading mice bait bits throughout the alleyway.  Unfortunately my residence as well as two other neighbors have unfortunately met with the poisoning of our pets because it is irresponsibly placed on the ground near us.  They have been asked to be more cautious.  They refused to admit to it but stated they only put it out for mice.  They also refused to tell us the brand and kind to treat our dog specifically for that poison verses taking all methods to combat all possibilities.  Several hundred dollars later, you refuse to eat there again.Friday night dinner - Excellent sushi, great presentation, rice was perfect, great flavors. The landlovers food was good to boot.Service was good and bathrooms clean. A bit pricey, dinner for two was $55 with tip (no drinks or dessert).You can find things here that you can find NOWHERE else in New Orleans, making it a MUST if you love Japanese food, especially beyond sushi. Shishamo? Samma? Yama-imo? Heck yeah! I accidentally left some hand-knit gloves here one night and the nice older lady kindly held them for me until the next night.
Only negatives: even if you get there well before closing, they will make it very apparent they want you to leave if it's slow. Also, the grilled fish can be a bit burnt, such a pity as you can't find it anywhere else around.
But, again, if you love authentic Japanese food, you owe it to yourself to come here at least once.The atmosphere here is simple, not flashy and the sushi is solid.  I agree with the other reviewers that it is pricey.  I used to work in the CBD and would frequent this place, I need to go back more often.  I am a fairly straightforward sushi eater, I don't get too adventurous so I often order a la carte instead of omakase.  I am mostly a roll girl and will order a few pieces to accompany. My friend who went ordered omakase and was extremely pleased with the offering. I would say if you are looking for extremely fresh fish and offering at least give it a try I highly dount you will be disappointed.This restaurant was OK.  They forgot to bring me the sauce I asked for and then didn't return with it until 10 minutes later.  The Sushi tasted like the ocean.  I know some people like this, but I would rather taste the fish/crab than the ocean.  It was also expensive for what you got and the location is not the greatest.I'm shocked that anyone would give this place a less than stellar review. Since moving to New Orleans 18 months ago, we've eaten here at least once a week, and never had a bad experience. 
The fish is as fresh and the rolls as good as I have had anywhere in San Fran, New York, or DC. The service is extremely attentive and friendly. And the ambiance is exactly what I want when I am eating sushi: calm, quiet, and clean. 
As far as I'm concerned, New Orleans is lucky to have a sushi bar of this quality, and anyone who says differently should be ignored...My wife and I recently dined here and were quite thoroughly disappointed. While the service was very good, we had a serious issue with one of the Sushi Chefs. 
I have severe food allergies and I informed the waitress of such. No problem there, and she wrote it down and even made SURE to let the Sushi Chef know about it. (Don't remember her name but she was very sweet).
Our food arrives, and we begin to dine and enjoy ourselves. After eating my 2nd piece of one of the rolls I ordered ($15.95 mind you) I found avocado in my roll!
I am VERY allergic to this and specifically asked for the roll with NO avocado. Due to the spicy sauce on my roll, I couldn't fully taste the avocado in the first, but upon eating the 2nd piece, then inspecting the 3rd piece, I noticed it right away.
The poor waitress, who DID write it down and DID tell the Sushi Chef BEFORE he made it, felt so bad that she spoke with the Owner (lady) and they took the roll off of our bill, and then had the Sushi chef make another one for me. 
But wait, it gets better... 
He didn't make me a new roll. He simply made a 1/4 roll and simply left out the Avocado on the 2 new pieces that he made, but the original 4 pieces were STILL on the plate WITH the Avocado in them!
That action alone is grounds for a lawsuit based on deliberate life endangerment.
As if it wasn't bad enough that we had to cut our dinner short so that I could get home and get some medicine so I didn't go into anaphylactic shock (which has happened to me before from avocado), but then the fact that this prick of a Sushi Chef didn't do his job properly and deliberately left the avocado pieces in my food is enough to warrant talking to an attorney and seeking legal actions against him and the restaurant.
Unless something changes VERY soon, we will NEVER set foot in there again!Totally serviceable for a quick weekday lunch. Wasn't crowded, selection was good, and the service was professional. I'll go back and try more things, but I'm happy to find a decent sushi joint in the CBD that focuses on Japanese food and not Japanese-American.BLUF:  I would go back in a heartbeat but I would look for more interesting options that what we ordered.  
The place is right on poydras and after the work day it is pretty easy to find parking nearby.  The place seems small but once you open the door it is pretty deep.  Modern and clean looking with Japanese art.  A sushi bar to sit at if you prefer.
Staff was nice and very attentive.  Menu was very big with wide variety of roles, sashimi, salads (seaweed, fish etc; not spinach), appetizers.  
We got 3 rolls and 1 salad.  We got 2 pretty standard rolls and they were good but not exciting (because they are standard).  Dynamite and crab.  Good but not exciting/creative.  Our fault for being boring.
The salad we got was salmon, whitefish, squid, seaweed.  It was fine but not too much flavor coming from the fish.  I wouldn't get it again; i would try something new.
We did get a roll with no rice.  It was salmon, avocado, and roe wrapped with long slivers of cucumber with a special sauce.  This was amazing.  It was really original (to me) and very very good.  The 6 pieces were huge too.  Huge fan of this item.  
We love sushi but won't pretend to be experts.  What we got was good but we didn't venture out and order creative items.  The one creative item we did order was fantastic so this place seems to have a lot of potential.  
I'd love to go back and get creative things or the sashimi to get a better idea of the quality of the fish.Let me preface by saying that I love sushi, and Ive tried many places in NOLA. A few coworkers and I were discussing Horinoya today. We've each been there on seperate occaisions and not one of us has had good food there. When I went, the fish was probably the least fresh sushi Ive ever had... very questionable quality for raw fish. The tuna in my rolls didnt smell fresh at all and the other rolls I tried all tasted old... thats the only way to put it. Enough to make sure I never returned (I went about a year ago). My coworker went last week and said the same thing... he ordered salmon sashimi and actually spit it out, he said it was warm enough it felt like they put it in the microwave and was not fresh at all. It was gross enough that he paid his bill and got food elsewhere. Yet another guy I work with had a similar experience a month or 2 ago. He went once and vows never to go back, also complaining of fish that smelled a little too ripe and fish that tasted like they sat out in an warm environment all day. Out of fear of food poisoning, none of us are brave enough to try Horinoya again. We go to Sushi Brothers or Rock-n-Sake nearby.The best in Japanese food for the New Orleans area.  Authentic cuisine, fresh sushi, master chef behind the counter.  Amazing!Had the chicken teriyaki box. Don't waist your money.It was overprice and tasted worst than a hungry man dinner.If you don't like sashimi and fresh authentic sushi, this is not the place for you.
For all of you avid consumers of raw delicious fish, going here is a must. My mom and I went on a Wednesday night (in fact, I am just getting back from the restaurant now) and the restaurant was quiet, lit from the outside by it's neon sign. We sat at the sushi bar and ordered Chirashi and cajun edamame.
Food came quickly and was fantastic - I couldn't stop shoveling sashimi into my mouth. The cajun edmame had a great spice to it, and their ginger is great because they don't use the food coloring so it maintains its zip.
Another little secret: try the Plum Wine. If you haven't had it before, it's a pleasantly sweet refreshing surprise. If you have had it before, it holds up true to form.
Wonderful little spot, recommended for any sushi aficionado.I am a fan of simple, fresh sushi.  Not too crazy about rolls with heavy sauces, multiple ingredients and fanciful names.  Horinoya delivers.  I always start with the seafood salad, it's huge and I could probably just make that dinner if I were eating there on my own.  How are their avocados always the perfect degree of ripeness?  This week it included fresh crawfish tails and they were succulent and sweet and a very welcome addition to their standard.  The vegetable roll (I was so enamored with the pickled vegetables in the Tuna 911 roll at Kanno) was okay but I wouldn't order it again, kinda bland.  Everything else was fresh and wonderful.  I like to end with the black sesame ice cream, which makes me swoon, as does the little crumbly cookie they perch on top that my BF generously lets me eat every time.  As a sidebar, I saw some black sesame ice cream bars at Hong Kong Market and I got really excited but they were no good at all.  I can only get my fix at Horinoya.We went there on a Tuesday night and maybe the sushi chefs were not the regular sushi chefs you would find during busier hours. 
We ordered:
Takoyaki
Toro nigiri
Spicy tuna roll
Lobster roll
Louisiana roll
Futomaki
Shrimp tempura roll
I am not a raw fish eater, hence a lot of the rolls mentioned are cooked. However, I do know that toro is supposed to be one of the best cuts of fish you could get. Compared to our usual local establishment, this toro was not buttery and definitely did not look fresh at all. The futomaki was GIGANTIC and there was something grainy in it that was veryy off-putting. And nothing really blew our minds. The spicy tuna roll was the only thing that was good apparently. 
Worse off, the sushi rice was bad! Every time we picked up anything, rice would be falling off! For a sushi establishment, they should be ashamed of themselves that night. 
Maybe we went on an off night, but we wouldn't go back. It's a shame, because they do have those nifty traditional(?) private rooms towards the back of the house. And wait staff was good for us. The unfiltered sake was good and came in a large portion. And warm towels to wash your hands! Truly a disappointing experience.Worst sushi experience ever!! I'm questioning what the good reviews were based on because it definitely was not on horinoya on poydras. The sushi was not fresh! I didn't think it was possible to mess up a crunchy roll but they managed to do so. The service was horrible. The waitress was rude and disappeared on us even though it's a small place. When she finally did come to the table, she quickly ran away as not to be bothered.  I was embarrassed to have picked the place and allowed my guest to endure such a despicable dining experience.  Steer clear from this place.AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!!!
Most sushi place in New Orleans are pretty awful, but for a place that is supposed to be run by actual Japanese people, they just don't get it.
The menu is seriously lacking and the fish at the sushi bar didn't exactly look that fresh.
Most Japanese restaurants (Even those in New Orleans) feature Sake as that is a popular drink. Here they have NO Premium Sake on the menu whatsoever!
They only have low grade sake from the local distributers - which is total crap tasting. They do have one bottle of Karatamba on the menu, but they are trying to sell a 300 ml bottle for $20.00.  This is a $10-12 sake at any other restaurant in the world.
Again, AVOID THIS PLACE - DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR BUSINESS!If you want authentic Japanese cuisine this is the place to get it. Lunch service is quick. The dinner menu offers an extensive selection of appetizers that are not found in typical Japanese restaurants. They also have usual dishes you find at japanese restaurants as well. The fish is very fresh, not the low grade fish you find at buffets or hole in the walls. You will know the quality if you are a true sashimi eater. Must try this place if you want good quality fish.
Tuna tataki appetizer & passion roll is delicious!!Horinoya serves pretty good sushi in the CBD.
I have been wanting to try Horinoya for a while now. I have always heard how good it was, and I would agree, with a couple of exceptions.
I stopped in recently for a late lunch. Since it was later, we missed the large crowds. We were seated in the main area which consists of a very long bench against the wall with tables placed close together across from the bench. These tables are very close together and i would imagine when it is crowded, it is impossible to have a personal conversation without the next table hearing everything you say. That isn't a huge issue, but I am not a fan of this type of seating arrangement. There are other tables and a sushi bar so you could probably ask to be seated elsewhere.
Service was fairly good. our server was attentive and our order came out quickly. We started with the salmon sashimi appetizer and shared a rainbow roll (specialty roll) and a bbq yellowtail roll.
The sashimi was very fresh, and tasted great, but the pieces were quite thin. Again, not a huge deal, but it did make the dish less enjoyable.
The rolls were both very good. The specialty roll was larger than a normal roll, but not so huge it couldn't be eaten in one bite. The bbq yellowtail was covered in eel sauce, which really made the roll much better.
In summary, I liked Horinoya and will return. For sushi in the CBD, it is your best and possibly only choice. Hopefully future trips will improve my rating.After a second trip, Horinoya has improved an additional star.
On my most recent trip I was determined to try more of the menu. The last trip was good, but not great. This trip was significantly better, and the sushi was great.
We started with miso soup and grilled shrimp gyoza. The miso soup was very good. The grilled gyoza was also good, but the sauce was less sweet than I have been accustomed to.
For rolls we ordered the dynamite, dragon (specialty roll), and bbq eel roll. All were very good. One nice thing about the specialty roll was that it wasn't too large to eat in one bite. The rolls were very well made and the ingredients were high quality. In fact, while we were eating they received a fresh fish delivery. It was nice to see whole fresh fish coming in right before our rolls were made. 
Service was excellent. Granted, we came in at 11 and were the only people in the place, but the staff were great.
I did really enjoy Horinoya on this trip. I will gladly return.It's been quite a few years since I've been here, October 2003 to be exact. I was on a layover at the Amtrak station for a good eight hours or so, so I started walking to Harrah's where I intended to eat at the buffet. Walking down Poydras though, within a few blocks of Loyola, I came across Horinoya. Luckily they were open early for lunch. The food I had was quite good. The sashimi tasted fresh and their version of Katsudon was very good (that is my benchmark dish). I will certainly go back again.
 If you happen to be at Amtrak, this is less than a ten-minute walk.Best sushi so far that Ive had. Very clean place and the sushi is soooo fresh and tasty! The service was good as well.Good service. 
Place smelled like cigarette smoke from the get go. The smell lingered worse than a bar. The food lackluster. The tuna was old with discolored edges. The roll was sliced weird. This place may be good for out of towners, but for locals pretty much every other place has better quality.nabeyaki udon is a MUST the broth is perfect and so flavorful! A little pricey but you get what you pay for in terms of size and quality. Don't ask for extra soy/miso/sauce for the broth because you don't need it and the lady probably won't give it to you. Also the sushi is very authentic and they don't have crazy over the top rolls -- just fresh, simple rolls where you can actually appreciate the fish! Probably my favorite sushi restaurant in the cityMy bf and I agree that if you don't think this is the best sushi in town, then you're wrong.Delicious Fishes!
Horinoya is one of the best places in town for sushi. It by far the best place to have a dinner party if you reserve one of the private rooms (in these rooms you sit on the floor, but get this, there is a hole for your legs, so you don't get all crunched up while stuffing your face with deliciousness). 
I highly recommend the Hijiki salad, the tuna tataki & the black sesame ice cream, although I haven't been disappointed with anything I've ordered. I have been here several times as part of a group and also as a part of a pair. In either instance the service has been very attentive and hospitable. 
The restaurant itself is small and clean. Street parking.Very good and fresh Chirashi! The service was friendly, the little touch of the details to their interior decor also makes the overall dinning experiences very enjoyable. One of the best Japanese restaurant in the southern  United States we had so far!I love inari and it is hard to find at sushi restaurants in NOLA. And there it was on the menu. YUM! I also am a big fan of the passion roll which was cucumber and some fish and some stuff. (Yes, I could look it up but just trust me that it's delish.)
The service was good; the dining room was simple and the fish was fresh. What more could I want?  The dining room was not crowded on a Friday night in January so quick seating and hot sake & hot green tea were much appreciated.  Plus we got rock star parking right out front. Clearly it was meant to be.Excellent sushi!  OK, I'll admit I was drawn to the place based on location alone and the fact that I could walk there.  What great luck on my part!
The passion roll is a must have, especially for those not crazy about sushi rice.  The crunchy roll is absolutely divine and I find I'm hard pressed to keep quiet and seated after the first roll.  Negi toro rolls, spicy tuna and salmon, heck, even the california rolls are excellent.
Run here if you like good sushi and a nice, quiet atmosphere.  Well...after I leave town that is...I sort of like the fact that I can always get a table whenever I walk in there!This is one of the best sushi restaurants in New Orleans.   They have a great variety of items on their menu; much more than your average sushi spot.  The prices are reasonable, food is expertly prepared, and the service is attentive.I was in New Orleans for a conference and wanted to find a quiet place to have dinner, I wandered into this restaurant by accident and found a seat at the bar close to the TV so that I could catch some football. I ordered some hot sake and lots of sushi and sashimi. As I sat there sipping on sake and enjoying the game, I noticed that most of the customers at the restaurant seemed to be regulars. The chef knew them by name and knew what they wanted to order, the waitresses knew what they wanted to drink.. wow never thought I would find a sushi place in the big easy. One peculiar thing about the sushi was every piece was cut in half.. at first I thought it was odd .. and a presentation that I was not used to.. but then I realized how thoughtful it was.. You dont have to chew off half the sushi if you can't fit the whole thing in your mouth ... or if you don't want to look like a baboon eating sushi ... I love the idea! I ordered a couple more rounds of sake, had a great conversation with the chef.. Overall a very enjoyable experience.I live in Atlanta but also have a place in NOLA, and have had lots of sushi even in Japan.  I looked this place up for a new sushi place to try with a girlfriend.  It is  a small place but nicely decorated, even had the private room for traditional dining.  None of this matters to me but it may to some of you, its also in a good neighborhood and near some very nice hotels.  THE SUSHI blew my mind, tuna, whitefish, salmon, and yellowtail nigiri were all the best I've had by far. It literally melts in your mouth, and you can cut it (cause we shared each piece) with just one swipe of chopstick.  Try that at your regular sushi bar.  
The Staff were amazing top to bottom, super attentive.  They even helped my guest find what she was looking for.  Oh it was a WASABI TOBIKO.... try this!!!! Its literally an orgasm in your mouth (Wasabi, Flying fish roe, and  be sure to add quail egg). WOW.....  Try this placeI don't know who's drafting these reviews. Must be people with not much Japanese experience. The food is four star or three star fare. The fish looks pretty old in the counter but I don't hold that against them but the prices are what set me off. Even in new York city at a restaurant of abettter caliber you would get chicken teriyaki for less than 20$. That's insane.RIP the only good sushi place in New Orleans.  Arigato gozaimasu Horisan.I was in New Orleans for work, and needed a quick, light lunch. Saw Horinoya and decided to give it a shot. Had the miso soup, California roll and tuna nigiri. Every thing was really fresh and I enjoyed the atmosphere. Service was prompt and friendly. The rest of the menu looked pretty solid as well. I would definitely check it out if you are in the neighborhood and looking for some good Japanese.My coworkers and I order lunch as a group daily and send one lucky ambassador to pick it up. After several attempts at Horinoya we stopped ordering from the establishment because every time at least one person had been double billed. 
The food was decent though. I particularly enjoyed the udon and the sauce on the broccoli salad was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.Whenever I am in the mood for quality sushi, this is my ONLY destination in the city.  Oh yeah, this is also my 35th review!  Man, I am really cranking these things out!  Hope you all enjoy!
Horinoya is located on Poydras St. and after frequenting the restaurant many times during dinner hours, I'm lead to believe that they bring in a bulk of their business with the lunch crowd during the week.  If you're looking for a lively atmosphere during dinner, this is probably not going to be your first choice.  It's usually pretty quiet and the other diners are very reserved.  For a little background information, Horinoya is owned by chef Komei Horimoto.  The restaurant was opened almost 20 years ago and is still family-owned.
When you first step into the restaurant, you're greeted by the host/hostess, which typically includes a greeting in broken English.  It's not uncommon to hear the "chop-chop-chop" of the knives by Horimoto from behind the bar while you're seated.  The restaurant is very clean and you'll notice the front portion of the restaurant is steered more toward the American style of dining.  To the rear of the restaurant, within individual rooms drawn by curtains or shoji, are tables and pillows situated on tatami mats, for those diners looking to experience a more traditional Japanese meal.
In my opinion, there is no greater place in New Orleans to find pristine kampachi sashimi or yellowtail in vinegared rice.  Horinoya is also known for less familiar items, such as ponzu-sweetened oysters and fried aji (mackerel).  You can, of course, customize your sushi rolls or try any number of varieties from the menu.
The last time I had dined here, I started with the Tuna Tataki, which consists of thinly sliced seared tuna with Horimoto's custom tataki sauce.  When it had arrived, it looked as exquisite as it tasted.  I came in with two other guests and we all thoroughly enjoyed this appetizer dish.  It was expertly prepared.  I also sampled from other guests the Hamachi Sashimi (sliced fresh yellowtail), Ankimo (monkfish liver in ponzu sauce with cucumbers) and an assortment of sushi rolls that included tuna, fresh salmon, whitefish and shrimp.  There was no trace left on the plate when we were through.  Absolutely superb and no fishy flavor at all.
I was nursing a bit of a sinus troubles at the time so I had ordered the Kitsune Udon dish, which consisted of buckwheat noodles with a sweet fried beancurd in a light broth.  What a delight!  It absolutely hit the spot, the noodles were properly prepared and the broth was well seasoned.  All at our table were very pleased with our dishes and left feeling full and satisfied.  Service was incredibly attentive throughout!
Due to Horinoya's location, it is often forgotten when choosing a sushi restaurant with which to dine.  While I admit that for some, it is a bit out of the way, I cannot emphasize enough that it is well worth the trip.  Typically, most are headed into the downtown and French Quarter areas, anyway, so it only makes sense to plan a stop here.  For me, I enjoy that the restaurant is not so crowded in the evening.  It's a great place to bring a date or those in which you wish to engage in a more intimate conversation.  It also allows you to build up to the desire for more excited surroundings.  Give Horinoya a shot....you won't ever be disappointed!Great experience!  
Attention to detail was profound.  Great awareness by the staff and an acutely present sushi chef made this place a hit.  My son and I delighted over 10 different species and all were delicious.  The specials were world class making this a must for those who don't have a wide range of selection at the home show.
5 solid McStarsGood sushi! We had some takeaway at this small sushi joint after our workout. The sushi tasted good and the rainbow rolls are highly recommended. The other rolls contain 8pcs but let inform you that they are pretty small so go with at least 2 rolls or maybe some yakitori chicken on the side!? All in all nice sushi if you ask us.Great sushi. Freshly made. Good value set lunch menu for $15. Perhaps on the slightly pricey side however great service and flavours. Give it a goGreat place with both authentic Japanese dishes and "regular" dishes so it's perfect for both large and small groups. 6 of us went there for dinner and we all got what we wanted. The fish was very fresh and the service was very good.If you are in need of a break from the New Orleans fare-- try Horinoya for some delightful Japanese cuisine.  A small and unassuming restaurant on the busy street of Poydras, this place is still close to the French Quarter/business district. 
The staff is kind and inviting; Handing you warm wash clothes for your hands upon arrival. A very nice touch! :) The udon soup was delicious, and is some of the best comfort food I had in NOLA (odd, right?).The sashimi was fresh, and hardly needed any soy sauce it was so tasty on its own. 
Definitely an experience and meal not to be missed among your crawfish dinners..Well, after years of trying I finally made it to Horinoya. I had been here a few times in the past but they were either packed or just about to close. Thankfully, I was extremely pleased with my experience after I ate.
We decided to check this place out on possibly the best night ever: a night when the Pelicans were in the playoffs. It was 8 and the place was dead. Perfect!
We were seated in the front dining room and I was immediately excited because the decor and atmosphere made me feel like I was in Japan (not that I have ever been, but I've seen movies. ;)). Looking over the menu, it was hard to decide exactly what to start with.
We decided to get the sashimi appetizer to start. It came with a delicious assortment of super fresh cuts of salmon, tuna and white fish. Trust me when I say that this is some of the freshest sashimi that I think that I have ever had. The flavors were amazing. After that, we got the wasabi shumai which was pork wrapped in a wasabi wrapper. It was great and had a fantastic kick to it. I like a little spice, so this was right up my alley.
For our entree we went a little nuts and not only got the tuna tataki, but we also got the  dynamite roll, squid, rainbow roll and Philly roll. Out of all of these rolls, I would have to say that the dynamite roll and the rainbow roll were my favorites. Once again, the freshness of the fish added something special to this dish and made the entire experience special. The tuna tataki was yummy as well and I liked that the portion was small and made for a nice little "taste".
All in all, I loved Horinoya and I can't wait to return. The wait staff was attentive, the food was delectable and the entire experience was great. Now I know what people mean when they say that this is the best sushi in New Orleans. After my experience here, I might have to agree.I used to live in New Orleans. I moved to Austin and desperately seeking for a sushi joint like Horinoya. I decided to return to Horinoya once again to see if its still as perfect as I remembered. 
It is the absolutely the best sushi in New Orleans. 
Now, if you're looking for fancy drinks and cocktails, you're better off in Uptown. 
We spent $250/couple in New York City (Nobu) and would have been just as satisfied with sushi/sashimi here. 
We were so lucky to have this sushi place around the corner.Best sushi in the city. I had the chirasu, the mountain yam roll, and another roll, plus hot ocha and azuki ice cream. All of which were amazing. Really fresh fish, highly recommended.1. Get seated at the bar.
2. "Please choose for us."
That's all you need to know to have a great time at Horinoya. The fish was very fresh and tasty and a good value, the sake selection was a big  sampling across the spectrum of different types and styles of sake, and oh gods, they serve ankimo!
And! The staff is helpful and attentive, the atmosphere is clean and pleasant, and the chef is a pro. The only thing I'd change is the parking - like maybe having some, or validating somewhere, or offering some alternative that wasn't either paying out the wazoo for downtown rates or circling the blocks and finding someone to stalk in hopes that they walk to a car and vacate their parking spot.
But! The eats and drinks are worth the parking hassle.Horinoya is a good restaurant its just that its location is a little odd and the place does not look welcoming. But when you enter, the staff are very friendly and accommodating. Their sushi rolls are good too! Price is right as well.Lovely spot, seems very authentic in aesthetic, and the food is phenomenal. As a vegan I don't always have many options beyond the same old soups, salads (seaweed, house salad) and vegetarian rolls (avocado, vegetable, cucumber, etc.) that you find in any Japanese restaurant. Yet at Horinoya there are many choices that I have yet to find at any other New Orleans' Japanese restaurants. Like natto (a type of fermented soy bean), oshinko (pickled daikon), and yamaimo (Japanese mountain yam), to name a few. There are the regular options as well, but to have such authentic vegetarian choices on top of the same old ones is great. Plus this diversity lends itself to the rest of the menu, not just sushi. There are many veggie appetizers, soups, and salads as well. Horinoya isn't cheap, but for the vegan the selection it is unparalleled in New Orleans and the food quality and freshness top-notch. My boyfriend is not vegetarian and he was similarly blown away by his seafood and meat-based dishes. Hands-down my favorite Japanese spot in New Orleans, and for vegans it blows the others out of the water. They also have a private dining room that appears to have a traditional Japanese-style low-table and seating on the floor; it would be great for a private dinner event (prob seats around 12, at least). Service is also very good, food came out quickly upon ordering, and the atmosphere is casual with tourists eating next to businessmen eating next to locals. I highly highly recommend Horinoya, to both vegans and omnivores alike. So worth it.Had dinner here last night and the sushi and sashimi was good.  Service very good.   I'd go back if I was looking for a break from the heavy NOLA grub.Good fresh, sushi. Sushi is always a delicious and healthy meal and Horinoya doesn't disappoint. Get Hamachi in anything (my favorite fish hands down).The quality is very good. It is almost as good as Sushi Brothers. The portions are very large. But, its a bit pricier than most sushi in this city and the location makes it a pain in the but to get to.Had sushi, it was good but I guess I expected super fresh fish. It has a nice feel to the place. It's located next to a huge building, so it sort of looked out of place from the street. About 5 minutes from Bourbon Street. The service was great.Find some fresh sashimi here if you need respite from the heavy NOLA food. I ordered a sashimi combo and few extra dishes. It really fulfilled the crave.
Nice bar, but empty at 2pm. I can't speak about the sake.Went for lunch. Had the chicken teriyaki which tasted off.  The texture of the chicken was as if it had been processed.  The sushi was not good either.  I had the crunch roll and didn't like the rice. The salad served with the combo looked a little wilted. Overall the presentation and quality of the meal was not worth what they are charging for a lunch combo.  I would not go backThis place is usually alright and generally seems to average pretty fresh food.  They are probably the most expensive sushi place in the entire NOLA area and I'm not really sure they are worth the price most of the time.  They have SOME items that are worth what they charge but overall it is often not worth the time, trouble and expense of a special trip to eat here unless you are already in the CBD for something.  I can't say that I've ever had anything here that spurs me to crave returning so I very rarely eat here.I've eaten here several times, and the best I can say is it is mediocre.   The prices aren't worth the food you get, it's simple as that.  I love the ambiance of the place, though.  The place would be great if they married the ambiance with an improved food quality. 
Until that happens, there are other, actually better, Japanese restaurants in the nearby area to eat at.I'm not a connoisseur, but that was some of the best sushi I've had in years. Very fresh and tasty salmon roll and dynamite roll. The service was also excellent and friendly. I will definitely keep this place in mind next time I'm in Nola.While the food is good, this restaurant has gotten outrageously expensive over the years - especially for lunch.  I had a tuna roll and a salmon roll, edamame and an iced tea for lunch.  With tax and tip, it was $24.00.  I could have eaten at Reginellis or Lucky Rooster for much less money for lunch.After a few days in NOLA enjoying great food I needed a break from deep fried, or blackened, or red beans and rice or shrimp and grits or po boys, etc. So, sushi sounded like a good idea.  It was a bit of a hike from the hotel, but not an unreasonable walk.  We called ahead for reservations, but that wasn't needed as there were only a few more people in the restaurant.  The wait staff were attentive and started with the traditional towel for cleaning your hands. The food was meh. Not horrible but not worth the price IMHO. I've had sushi all over the US and in Japan - and I will respectfully disagree with those who wax poetically about the quality here.  I've certainly had worse sushi and have had a lot better sushi.  It was just average. However it was a nice change of pace from all the heavy food we'd been taking in.  This isn't a place I'd go out of my way to find again.I'm not one to write reveiws but this place got me so mad. Don't be mislead from all the good reveiws, the food is crappy and wayyy to expensive. We orderd a appitizer and found a rubberband in the food, when we told the waitess she didn't even say sorry. She said they don't use them in the kitchen. And then gave us dirty looks the rest of the meal, as if we put it in our food! We didn't even ask for a discount or free food she was just a nasty woman. I got the lunch special for $16 and it was all skimped. Hardly any rice and the chicken was really dry, plus the salad was turning brown. Save your self the stomach ache and the money EAT SOMEWERE GOOD!Terrible food and service.  Sushi either bland or caked in seasame seeds.  Shumai mostly filler.  But most notably I was served a grey chicken teryaki.  It looked as if they had cooked up 2 week old chicken.  It was not "just the sauce" as they claimed.  I have never been served meat at a Japanese restaurant or elsewhere that looked so unappetizing.  Did not eat it.  I will never go back. Don't waste your time.