The food at this location was amazing. I throughly enjoyed the food and service provided by Ciara (I couldn't find my receipt, so I'm not sure if the spelling is correct). However, Ciara was pleasant, responsive, quick, and knowledgeable about the menu and the surrounding areas. I would definitely visit this location again!  P.S. the jalape単o cornbread was delicious.Asked for a Manhattan.. "we don't have the stuff for it." Asked for a martini.. "we don't have the stuff for it." What kind of bar doesn't have vermouth? Bummer.Beef bbq brisket thumbs upp!!  Booze.... good n strong. Got the Rock you Huurricane rum & disarronno drink.  service excellent.  Nice decorationsFood was great, the music was awesome, the service was not so great. Jake Landry was preforming and he was really awesome! He engaged with the customers and really made the evening enjoyable. The food was delicious as always!! But the service left something to be desired. Our host seemed uninterested in our table and it took a while to get our food and drinks even though the restaurant was virtually empty.The food was typical of anything you'd find at a chain restaurant, which this is. My burger was delicious! All of my coworkers had the Cajun pasta and loved it. They also had bread pudding and loved it. The entertainment was amazing! Service was great. We really had a great evening here.Let me start this by saying that I arrived at the restaurant soaking wet from a rainstorm, so I hope this won't color my review.
However, the food here was not up to the level of other meals I have had this week in New Orleans.
The drinks were good, on the expensive side. They gave complimentary souvenir cups (clean) matching the type our drinks were served in.
I had an oyster po' boy. The oysters were medium sized and still greasy from frying. The oysters were topped with slaw, which was delicious.
The poor boy came with fries. I am on a low salt diet, and they tasted very salty to me. My daughter did not find them unusually salty.
We were in the back room, but we could still hear the jazz from the stage room.
In general, this is a decent place to eat bar food and listen to music.Bleh. Not bad but certainly not good.  The service was somewhat pushy and the music did not start as advertised. 
We are to blame from coming here with so many good dining places within a stone's throw. I take responsibility but I do so with a warning - enjoy the other wonderful local spots and musicians. The food elsewhere is a better tasting, better valued and has better ambiance. 
If you need a fix with a chain restaurant. Okay, but you have been warned.Came in with a vague description of a coconut drink I had a few years a go at a totally different HoB location & our very sweet & talented bartender Saquoya was able to recreate it perfectly!!Been sitting here listening to Jake Landry and eating a wonderful dinner over the past two hours. Excellent, friendly and responsive service. Loving the live music. Will come again on my next trip to NOLA.Alison was a great waitress and so fun! My friend and I had popcorn shrimp that was perfect. Live band was great on a Tue. Night!Terrible. 1.5 to 2 hour wait for food without fail and this is the third time this has happened.  On the way to the bathroom I could see the cooks who seemed quite angry with their waiters and co-workers.  I thought everyone was happy in New Orleans!
Never again. This restaurant would be nothing without the concerts reeling in the patrons.Love love love this restaurant. My friends and I came from NC to enjoy Mardi Gras and we had to stop here because of the movie Girls Trip. The waiter sat and chatted with us about where they filmed the parts of the movie, he even showed us the stage they performed on. We sat out on the patio right in front of the band playing live music. It was awesome !Place is grungy and homey at the same time. Food is reasonable price. Jalapeno cornbread is my favorite. Brisket tacos was delicious. Big portions. Customer service is 10/10 from the door ,waiter and manager. Kris was the waiter and took care of us. Music is free and very good. PS: bread pudding was the bomb!Second time eating here for lunch and both times were supremely underwhelming. Portions (especially the oysters) are small and overpriced, and the whole "juke joint" decor feels tacky and tourist-driven. There are definitely better dining options within walking distance (Mr. Ed's immediately comes to mind). Don't waste your time or money here.Stopped in here while on vacation in New Orleans.  Nice place with good live music.  Music could go longer into the night past 10, would be more enjoyable.  Depeche Mode tribute was playing, which I could hear from the dining room.  Pretty good concert.  Ok onto the food.  DON'T order the tot mess, very disappointing!!! Cornbread was A+++. Wife ate country fried chicken and was very disappointed. The New York strip steak was super tender and had great flavor.  Sangria was ok, a nice coke would have been better. The key lime pie was kinda plain,  no tang!!! Overall a disappointing experience for my wife's birthday.It was me and my husband's first time here. Awesome vibes and ambiance if your into live music . The menu had a variety. I ordered the smoked chicken which was very delicious. The jalape単o cornbread was like nothing else I had ever tasted- sweet with hints of spice throughout-Yum! My husband ordered the New York Strip- it was okay- not as tender as we'd hoped. The service was prompt and very friendly all around . On the the other hand, we believe our waitress was either extremely  new or had several drinks herself. She checked my ID which my husband gave to her cause he was holding it for me then she turned to me and asked for mine.... like what? Did you not see my picture. I ordered the sweet potatoes fries and I received garlic fries instead then was told that she would go get my correct order but when she returned she says "you still want those sweet potatoe fries". Honey if you have to ask again despite the fact of that's what I originally ordered than No... I don't want the fries. So instead of comping the garlic fries I was still charged an extra $2 even though that's not what I requested. My husband ordered the NY strip well done and it was clearly medium well with pink throughout. Over all not a bad experience. Great vibes- good food (not the best in NOLA but worth an occasional visit). Is it worth a second visit- yes I will go back and recommend anyone to try it at least once.This place was over priced, disappointed their menu over promises and under delivers. We had to give them the proper way to make a sundae. It was still disappointing because they didn't have any fruit. Who eats a sundae with out bananas. They ruined the reputation for other sister locationsWe loved the way the alley looked as we considered going to House of Blues. We had a group of 6 and were immediately shown to our table. Our server, Sierra, made a point of getting to know us including our names. As we ordered, she would include our name with our order as she repeated the order back to us from memory. We have two food allergies in our group and she personally made sure that we wouldn't get sick from our food. Of course it's a fun atmosphere with live jazz music, local amateur art on the walls, and a ceiling of jazz icon faces. Our food and drinks were delicious and we left cooled down and very happy!!Good food, great music,  and our server Jillian was awesome. mushrooms tacos were good and they were able to accommodate vegan request.My first time visiting and I am impressed with the items listed on their menu.  I ordered chargrilled oysters and the gumbo.  Both dishes were outstanding! We also had grilled chicken Cesar salad, the Cobb salad, half rack of ribs with other goodies ... they did not disappoint! The atmosphere was great and the band for the evening did their thing!!! Oh did I mention that they're not selfish with the portion sizes - whenever in the area no doubt I'll be back!!Food was mediocre! My daughter enjoyed her blackened fish sandwich and my boyfriend enjoyed his seafood gumbo. My pulled pork and mom's jambalaya were ok.The gumbo was the best our group had on this trip.  My daughter always orders lemonade and she was quite impressed. I ordered the Juicy Lucy. What a wonderful burger. Music was great, not to loud wonderful atmosphere. Love the art on the walls. Waitress was so attentive. Glad we came.I would give 0 stars if I could. Went to the voodoo garden on Thursday. Double charged for drinks. Never apologized. Didn't refund the drink like I was told. Horrible customer service. Will not go back to another House of Blues.We recently visited New Orleans & stopped by House of Blues for lunch. The staff was friendly & our Voodo Shrimp was amazing. We will definitely be back!Food is mediocre.  Entertainment was very good., hence the three stars.  Waitress needs to be trained if going to serve.  Question was asked what was in something.  Her reply was to look at the menu.We were in town on vacation and came in for lunch. The food was really great and the service was fantastic. We had kind of a picky group and had a couple special requests, and the staff was really accommodating. Our server, Sierra, was awesome. She was super nice and funny, and gave great advice on both food and stuff to do in town. 100% would come back if I was in town again.Food is really good. I love their gumbo the most. Family friendly environment. Good service. Strongly recommended!I just love the vibe here. It's always a good NOLA stop for a cocktail and apps and the service has always been excellent.
We hit it just right on a Sunday afternoon and the entertainment, a solo guitar player, was an added surprise!My husband and I are here on our first night in New Orleans and loved everything we had. We ordered the Voo Doo shrimp with jalape単o cornbread for our appetizer and it was delicious! I wish had ordered 2! I had the shrimp tacos and my husband had some kind of burger, both were delicious and the service was great!!The service was great. Mykey was a excellent waiter! Friendly wait staff, extra yummy food, and amazing live music. That made for a perfect combination. We made a reservation and it was all set and ready for us when we arrived. We for sure will visit again. Oh...and this skillet cookie!I am in NOLA for 4 days and the House of Blues is a must. I am eating KETO and so food choices are always limited, but I had the steak salad with Cajun shrimp and grilled veggies. Amazing!
  The atmosphere is noisy, but in a fun way. Live music and there isn't a bad seat in the house. Our server Brandi was helpful by helping us select good KETO friendly food choices. I mean it's the House of Blues what can I say! You have to go.From Scotland and in New Orleans as last leg of Fly/Drive. We had planned to eat somewhere else however it was completely dead so tried here as it was next door and looked interesting. Great atmosphere inside, there was a jazz player playing inside. Decor was quirky and interesting, service was good and was reasonably priced. Food was tasty and had a good menu. Would definitely go back.....Great atmosphere, live music. Food was great. The southern salad nice and fresh, great blend of flavors and with all the good southern eating we've been doing it was nice to get some veggies in. Shrimp tacos tasty, voodoo shrimp app was really tasty. Wait staff was a little um lifeless and seemed like she really didn't want to be there. Could have been a bad day for her? Would defined recommend to friends who will be visiting New OrleansWe only came in to check the place out and have a quick drink. But upon arrival we were greeted by multiple ladies and able to sit at the bar and order a drink. The bartender took great care with making my drink and it was absolutely beautiful when she gave it to me. The average price of drinks in this area of New Orleans is a little higher at about $12, but the drink was really refreshing on the hot day. After scoping out all the cool decor inside, we decided to enjoy our drinks in the Voodoo Garden. Which sounds a little Cooke than it actually is but it was nice to be able to enjoy a cocktail with the few of some French quarter balconies under the safety of a veranda to block any weather that may come by.We had a wonderful time! A great restaurant for a girls' night out. The managers, Josh and Leon, took excellent care of us. Go check them out!Worst place.  They clearly say it's a restaurant.  But the restaurant is closed most of the time. Even though they don't have a restaurant open. They don't let ppl re-enter the premises.My husband and I came here for our first sit down meal on our trip here to New Orleans. We had Sierra as our server and she was fantastic!! She was so personable, asked our names and where we were from. It felt like we were regulars who she knew personally. It really made the experience great because it felt like home. The food was delicious! We went at like 3pm so it was not super crowded but it was still a nice environment. Definitely recommend.Love the atmosphere of this place! There was a guy playing some live music which was really great. The food took a little while to get but it was worth the wait. We ordered fried chicken, which was so good. It had some kind of honey glaze on it. The Mac and cheese was very good too! The inside was so cool. On the ceiling it looked like tributes to jazz musicians and they have a house of blues gift shop.They don't offer any good Rye Whiskies and drinks were very week.Went on a Saturday night. We were seated outside on the terrace. The server said that the indoor seating was closed for renovations and a new image for HOB. There was a limited menu of only the best they offer. There was live music during dinner as well. I gave 3 stars because they're trying to maintain during the reno. The food was just ok but the server was amazing. If I had it to do over I'd choose another restaurant and wait for HOB to reopen. The whole point of going was to see the giant folk art collection.Went here on a Thursday night after doing a ghost and phantom tour... 
place was not packed at all and outside they had some outside construction going on but nothing to defer you from going here
Bill was our server and her was very engaging and prompt as I told him I wasn't too hungry so he gave me some suggestions
There was a musician playing however he wasn't good at all..that part I was totally disappointed about because there is always good music at house of blues...so therefore that is why I'm giving it 3 stars...even the people across from us said that this music was not the New Orleans experience they thought they would have here
Food was good and we were able to get our "free" dessert by checking in on yelpThis is one of my favorite places to visit in New Orleans. The atmosphere is great with the music but the food is really spectacular for a somewhat chain restaurant. The ribs are fall off the bone good the beans and coleslaw with that plate is exceptional. I also ordered the keylime pie and it was huge.  I went there twice in the span of two days and brought additional people the second day. I would definitely make this a go to place in New Orleans for at least a meal if you had to choose.  And I've been to all the famous and populat places in New Orleans and you should add this to your list over some of them.I loved the live music! 
The service was very nice and the food was made perfectly. I would recommend.Came in on Friday to have lunch with two friends. Sat in the back courtyard where evidently they set up for a crawfish boil in the evening. It was hard to relax with tables being drug around everywhere. Our waitress had a "could care less" attitude and was very slow to respond. Her half-shirt with belly sticking out was kind of off-putting too. The food was basic; they did screw up my friend's order who asked for Buffalo sauce on his poboy. The coating on the chicken fried steak fell off and this made the dish unappealing. I ordered the "gravy" on the side, and thank god I did, because it tasted very strange. Overall, for the price, a very underwhelming experience.The food was very nice, big sizes. Souther cooking at it's best. The venue was a bit quite and not a lot of buzz as most people were in the Music Hall. Would have enjoyed a bit more atmosphere in the restaurant as well.One of my spots to eat! The food is great but the employees are even better! There's both inside and outside sitting area and the atmosphere is great. One of my favorite dessert has to be the bread pudding!Great food and atmosphere. Had the chefs special of the day crab cake with Cajun fettuccini. The live music outside was great. Attended the 90s night had a great DJ. Would definitely do it again! Only area of improvement would be a few of the staff were not very friendly. The one at the booth for the AC/DC cover band, an older women was not friendly at all.Walking around the area with some friends that are local and we stopped in to get some dinner since it was kid friendly. We sat out back in the voodoo garden to listen to the free live music and grab some food. Ordered a mojito and hubby got the hurricane. I got the impossible burger and he ordered the yardbird. 
The impossible burger was the best vegan patty I have had in a while. It was so good I had to double check and make sure it wasn't a beef patty by mistake. Flavorful and juicy and the buttery bun just sealed the deal. I ordered it with a salad instead of fries and it was actually a decent size salad on the side. 
The yardbird was super packed in between the buns and stacked high with slaw. Loved the buttered bun and the chicken was crispy on the outside and nice juicy inside. Chicken was tender, the Cole slaw was good and pickles added a little extra flavor to the mix. Fries were good and seasoned lightly. 
Server was great and the live music was awesome. Loved sitting out under the tent enjoying dinner in the fresh air.We made a reservation for 8pm on a Thursday. When we showed up we noticed the place was less than half full. That quickly changed as did the atmosphere. They had live musician and full bar.
Staff was super friendly but to a fault. Our waitress (Sierra) forgot to take our food order. She did however, try to take the time to learn our names and address us properly. And she was very nice. 
Food was fantastic. My husband liked his jambalaya but wished it had more sausage. My brisket platter was perfect, as it had many sides and I was able to have small samples of all they had to offer.This NEW rating is based only on House/Blues efforts to make changes. We are relying on future diners to see if they made the changes.  Low stars originally given. Yes HofBs did contact me re the Yelp review I left & asked for more details which I provided in great detail. He got back to me a few days later saying that they had had met with staff to address my concerns. Seemed sincere & committed to making positive changes for future customers.The food was awesome and service was great! Sierra was an awesome waitress. She was friendly and knowledgeable about the food and also decor inside as well.The Queso dip and mac & cheese were terrific. My husband and I really enjoyed everything!As a tourist in New Orleans I had a lovely evening here. They had a brilliant live band on and we were sat almost directly in front of them. The food was good but it was more about the atmosphere. It was everything a tourist visiting New Orleans would want.For starters we had a reservation for 12:15. We ordered food and are currently still sitting here without food an hour later. The server is a nice lady but not attentive at all. Every time someone orders something, a water, a drink, she walks away right after without waiting to hear what the next person is ordering. She has not once asked if we need anything, we have to flag her down. The drinks are good, and it's a good atmosphere, food review pending. But I will not come back. update: food was brought out at 1:20. Our second drinks, ordered 15/20 mins ago still isn't here. I mean the food is good we're all happy right now, but this is just really terrible service. We want to pay so we make the parade at 2 but she's been no where to be found since 1:20... GOODLUCK. Also, the hours are wrong...Had a wonderful GF meal tonight! Cobb salad, Cajun Shrimp, & BBQ- YUM! Mina our server gets 5 stars too!!My friend and I came early for happy hours before our concert. We both order two items each and share. I love jalapeno so I got the jalapeno cornbread and also the chicken tenders. Ria got the brisket nachos and mac & cheese. We didn't realize how huge the nachos were when it came out. We barely made a dent on the nachos because we ate almost all the jalapeno cornbread. The jalapeno cornbread was the best of all four snacks/appetizer we ordered. It was so moist and flavorful with a side of sweet honey butter. The chicken tenders were thin cut and battered and dry. The fries that came with it didn't taste that great either. It taste like it been fry and was left in the warmer too long before being served. The mac & cheese skillet was ok, we both agreed the pasta would taste better if it was soft. I would definitely  come back for more jalapeno cornbread and the nachos. Our server Mike was so helpful and friendly, asking if everything was ok everytime he passes by. So the three stars are for the food and the one star to make four is for staffs and the live entertainment. Two guys were killing it with their guitar and singing. We were well entertained will eating.Great place. Enjoyed the live Music and food. Also was able to catch the comedy show. Must visit while In New OrleansThe food, service, and hospitality was excellent!! Sierra our waitress took her time explaining each item on the menu and what they embody to NOLA cuisine. She is an intelligent host and we had a blast with her. She even gave us great recommendations for site seeing during our stay! I hope you get the same experience as we did!The service was awesome! We could not have asked for a better waiter...The food was ok, but nothing spectacular.  I would return for the music, I can pass on the food.Love this place ! It's amazing ! Best happy hour I ever encountered. Also I tried the fried alligator for the first time and it is absolutely deliciousThis is probably one of the best restaurants we've been in New Orleans!  Let me start with our AWESOME SERVER; SIERRA!!!! She took care of us very well!! Highly recommend! We've had their VODOO SHRIMP for appetizer at it was amazing! And that was just the start everything else were great!I moved to New Orleans last year and this is my favorite restaurant in town.  The staff are super helpful and the BBQ can't beat.  I love the bread pudding .. take some to go.  The manager Josh was very nice and helpful!Fantastic music and food. Great atmosphere and vegetarian options. Try the impossible burger for a fully vegan option.Chicken jambalaya was very good! It had great flavor. Went during lunch and the staff was great.The food here is awesome and so is the service and staff. My husband and I recently traveled to New Orleans to celebrate our 1 year anniversary. We decided to have dinner here on the evening of our anniversary. They helped me pull off a wonderful surprise by letting me read the wedding vows in front of the entire restaurant that I read to my husband on our wedding day. He had no idea I was going to do it until he heard my voice over the microphone. It was such a happy and memorable moment for us both. So thank you for making our first year anniversary such a special occasion. We will definitely be back!Great atmosphere.  Great oysters.  Oysters were a little on the smallish side but were great!Great food and great music. Brandi was wonderful and made some great suggestions for our meal. An awesome New Orleans experience!!I've never been to a House of Blues, but I will definitely be back to this one!  And probably visit others if they are anything like this place.  After walking all day around the city I just needed a place to cool off, rest, and EAT!  The food was amazing but didn't compare to our amazing waitress Sierra! She explained anything I didn't understand on the menu and helped me pick out the perfect dinner.. pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries.  And the BEST sweet tea!! Thank you Sierra!! Thank you HOB!  You Blues!! (Not rock). -Kitti and TimThe food is excellent! The combination of the food flavors and the sides/garnishes are absolutely mind blowing! I had the "Juicy Lucy" burger and it was cooked perfectly to the temperature of my choice and the bread and butter pickles complimented it very well! The fries were cooked to a very satisfying crisp! My significant other had the "Cajun pasta" and it too was simply amazing! The spice of the Cajun seasoning was not overbearing at all and the meal was exceptional! If you drop by here and she's available, ask for Sierra! She was very personal and made us feel at home and very well taken care of! 5 star service for sure!The voodoo shrimp, cornbread, jambalaya, and muffuletta were incredibly delicious.  We enjoyed the patio where it's first come first serve, had live music and easily able to order full menu at the bar. FANTASTIC service too - so friendly!My husband and I are visiting New Orleans for the weekend and already had reservations booked for the house of blues. We got In  a little earlier than expected and was able to call and change to an earlier time with no difficulty. We were seated immediately and got our drink order right away. We wanted to order an appetizer and sit there for a bit and relax and just  listen to some music before ordering our main course.  Sierra our waitress was very sweet.   She was very understanding of this and we never once felt rushed to finish so they could turn the table over like a lot of other restaurants when they get busy.  Sierra also suggested the perfect drink for me.  The hurricane was so good. The food was absolutely wonderful, the drinks flowed and the music was great. I love the ambience of this place. If you are ever in New Orleans the house of blues should definitely be on you list of places to visitDisclaimer: My party and I were suppose to have a reservation with House of Blues Foundation Room, which I'm under the impression is a different experience. However turns out our reservation wasn't 'real' since the location was closed for Ash Wednesday. Recommend that when making reservations you call rather than using the online site.
After having experienced that faux pas my party and I were intent to make the best of the situation in the House of Blues Restaurant.  One word to describe my experience is underwhelming. The music was okay and Sam our waitress did her best to be accommodating, but when it came to the food I wasn't impressed. Yes it was pretty, country fried steak and a cup of gumbo, however it was mediocre in taste. The steak was dry and under seasoned and I've been in New Orleans all week and that was definitely the worse gumbo I've had (it was meh and the texture of the rice was wrong).
Perhaps they were still recovering from the Mardi Gras rush but service was slow (didn't get our appetizers till after an hour of being there) and perhaps the main chef staff was burnt out but I can't say this experience was worth the 30$ I spent. Won't be back anytime soon.Came here for dinner first night in town. Went in night before my birthday and it was amazing! The food was delicious.  The waiter was very nice, but even more informative. He made great recommendations,  even for other restaurants to try while in town! And, to top it off, he brought out their bread pudding as a birthday surprise for me!!! No words can describe how simply delicious this dessert is!! No. Really. Try it. You'll thank me for it!Food was just as you'd expect from a HOB. Tons of classic selections with some awesome local choices as well. What really set it apart was the service received. The waitress (Sierra) did an outstanding job, was very personable and took the time to get to know us, and was helpful with selecting food/drinks to our tastes. Would recommend for anyone who has the time to sit down and enjoy a good time.Derek was a great server. Knew the menu well, and made good recommendations. Food totally met our expectations and service was fast.This was our first stop coming from the airport. Our flight landed a little earlier than expected, our room wasn't ready yet and we were starving, what a great choice to come here. It wasn't crowded and we came just before the lunch crowd really came in, they had live music playing in the outside garden, which was nice. My husband and I shared the fries with pulled pork and the jambalaya. The jambalaya was very good! My husband said it was a great first meal to kick off a NOLA weekend. The fries were honestly very very good. I know fries seem so simple but there was something about these fries. It was the perfect combo of everything. Highly recommend this place if your walking around the area, even if it's just to stop in and listen to live music while sipping on a drink in the garden area outside.Everything was good fast and the kids enjoy the food too I will took more pics of the food but you know what happens when everything looks yummy and you are starving lol. 
The service was profesional and really dedicated it was perfect in every single aspect sometimes we think we were lucky but I believe this place it's just profesional and luck doesn't have to do anything with it.
I will be back for sure.We had an AMAZING experience here. Everything our server recommended was amazing. We got the jalape単o cornbread, fried chicken dinner with the baked beans, mac&cheese and mashed potatoes. We also ordered the cucumber salad and bbq wings. The food was fresh and everything was homemade. The baked beans are more of a barbecue baked beans. The fried chicken was crispy and flavorful. The baked Mac was extra cheesy and a very large size served in a skillet. The lemonade and sweet tea are fresh and not fountain drinks like local restaurants. 
I want to add a separate note about our server Katelyn. She was super attentive although she was working the door and restaurant and had multiple tables. We felt like we were her only table with the amount of attention she gave us. She was super knowledgeable about the menu and when I overheard her speaking with another customer who is vegetarian she knew exactly what items to suggest. I thought that was amazing and great customer service.
I would highly recommend this place and shall return. They also have live music.Wonderful time! We came in with a large party (14) and they were able to immediately find room for us. The waiter Derek, was also fantastic and so accommodating even splitting our checks and making us feel welcomed and ensuring our good time in New Orleans continued!DON'T DO IT!!!!! The music venue is totally worth the ticket. However, as charming as the restaurant is, I was by myself on a Wednesday night and sat for over an hour waiting on tacos and slaw. Had to ask the manager to please get my beer for me after ordering it 20 minutes earlier. I had to get the meal to go as I was working the next day. Scarfed it down in my Uber ride back to the hotel as I was ravenous!While the beer was comped, I was still asked to pay for the meal. That was insulting. Please note that this is my first negative review ever posted after years on yelp.This place is chill, laid back, and not to mention the food was fantastic. Come by and visit Derek he was a amazing, has a great friendly attitude, very attentive, and was funny.