I tried the ramen and it was delicious! Pork ribs were a litte dry. Crab stuffed jalapenos were good too. I want to go back and try their new hibachi grill!This is a fun Hibachi place that also serves a complete Sushi menu. You can eat in the dining room or at the bar if you're not doing Hibachi. Everything is really tasty and I enjoy it.Came here with the family and I feel like our opinion of this place was very mixed. I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen, which was a large portion. It was very tasty, but the only complaint I'd give it was the broth was a bit too peppery for my liking. Out of all of the Tonkotsu Ramen's I've eaten, I'd give this a 3/5. 
My Mom got the Miso Ramen, and she liked it, but she wasn't blown away by the flavors. My sister and my Aunt got the Hibachi Chicken and Steak. The fried rice from what I was told was pretty good, but the chicken was quite dry and bland. My sister and Aunt did not care for the noodles at all. 
I really like the interior, it's very beautiful to look at. I especially like their Sushi bar area which looks quite inviting. The waiters and chefs are also very friendly, but they do tend to joke a lot sometimes, which can get a little old after awhile.
Like for example, my Mom didn't finish her Ramen, but my sister wanted her to take it home to eat later. We asked our waiter if we could get a to-go container, and our waiter said. "No," with a long enough pause to convince us maybe he was serious. At some Ramen places, they do not let you take Ramen home to go. But, eventually, our waiter was like, "Ha, ha, just kidding!" Ugh. That annoys me so much.I ordered the Kitty Roll and it was awesome. The food was fresh and hot. All of the ingredients blended well with each other immaculately.We have ordered Ikura from Waitr twice recently and truly enjoyed it both times. We found the sushi very fresh with some interesting specialty rolls. I liked the 21 roll topped with mango a lot. 
We tried the shrimp fried rice this past time and it was very good with a nice balance of shrimp, veggies and seasonings, a nice compliment to our fresh salmon and whitetail sushi and 21 roll. 
The Jalepeno poppers filled with crab and coconut shrimp are large portions and worthwhile appetizers. 
We will continue to order from here. Very good and very fresh!Based on Ramen. Ordered Corn Tonkotsu.
Noodles had an unpleasant texture, gummy/sticky, not the firm texture they should be. I'm guessing they are dry, not fresh.
Broth didn't have a clean pork flavor. It was oddly spicy and generally just muddied in taste.
Egg was properly cooked. No pork belly or option to add it.
The teppanyaki seems to be the popular draw, maybe it is good.  But I won't be back to Ikura to find out.So, I used to go when it was little Tokyo and it was ok. Yesterday we went to his new Ikura. First I saw the prices went up considerably. Then, I decided to order the baked salmon as an appetizer and it really wasn't that good. They didn't take the time to bake it and it was more imitation crab than actual salmon. It was good but not delicious. I ordered the pork rib tonkotsu Ramen and I got to say it is the worst Ramen I've tried. Noodles tasted bad and weren't cooked. The Ramen was extremely salty. I drank water for the rest of he day nonstop. Ribs were good and the egg was delicious. Other than that, no Ramen for me at this restaurant ever again. As for the service, the waiter could barely speak English. His descriptions of the dishes were vague. He took our Ramen spoon away, forgot what we were drinking and brought soda water. Definitely not a good experience.Let me first start of by saying I LOVE LOVE LOVE everything hibachi. Fresh and hot; cooked to order is definitely my type of food! This place definitely met my expectations as far as hibachi restaurants!
Our experience was of 5 star rating as soon as we walked in the door! We stopped in for lunch and we're greeted by a hostess named "Ed" (Edward). He was very inviting and his customer service was 5 star worthy!
They have a large menu with EVERYTHING you could ever want to eat and their sushi menu looks pretty good too! Lunch prices are very reasonable which I loved and dinner didn't look too expensive either. 
I had the chicken and steak (my husbands order lol) and everything was premium cut, well seasoned, and bursting with flavor. Lunch portions are pretty big so I can only imagine how the dinner portions look!
Definitely will be back soon to bring the kids. They're hibachi lovers too!!!Visited here before years ago when it was under different management, at first everything looked the same, but its really a very different restaurant. The front bar now has a wall open to the very busy Hibachi room, so while enjoying my glass of wine I got to enjoy seeing one of the hibachi chef's performance for a group celebrating their birthday! The new menu is different, but with interesting additions!  I enjoyed the Calamari Fritters appetizer and the amazing Wild Cowboy Roll--a snowcrab crunchy roll wrapped with seared strips of Steak!  I definitely will visit Ikura again on my next visit in NOLA.Clean and good ambiance. We were seated and served immediately by very friendly staff. I had the ikura sushi roll and miso soup. The roll was very big and filling. Highly recommend for sushi.Happy hour has really cheap appetizers, 3-5 range! Two for one drinks, a bit watered down but still have a bit of a buzz. I had the Shrimp Poboy, which is sushi with crawfish, shrimp and crab. Something tasted a bit over fried so there was a a slight burnt taste. I also had the beef dumplings which were flavorful. The spring rolls were good as well. Glad I tried this place outGreat spot for ramen and hibachi with great parking and good food all around!
I highly recommend the pork rib ramen and tempura vegetables.I was in town visiting when my friends and I drove around mid city uncertain of what to have for dinner. We saw this place under new management and decided to give it a try. We tried it before last year when it was under a different name. Glad we did! Service was attentive and great! I am glad they brought back the hibachi tables. Our chef was entertaining and the food was delicious! I had the shrimps and steak hibachi. I love their fried rice, everything was perfectly seasoned. Will be back to try other sushi and rolls on the menu before I leave.We live in the neighborhood and we're very sad when they removed their hibachi grills. But now we're so happy because the grills are back and the restaurant is better than ever! They blew out a wall to the bar which makes it seem so spacious. There's also a private sushi bar, separating the hibachi and sushi with a giant glass wall. 
Our food was delicious and all the servers were delightful! 
I would come back for hibachi or to watch a game and drink sake/eat sushi at the bar.It definitively has been awhile since i had good hibachi; this establishment did not disappoint me!  The service was nice, the staff was attentive, and the food was outstanding.  I will frequent this establishment for years to come!  We were charged dinner prices during lunch today, and the salad was just iceburg lettuce.  Overall, i was satisfied!This is my favorite hibachi spot. Donnie is the best chef in the building. The food is always amazing and his energy is awesome. Everyone is super nice from the host to the waiters. I absolutely love this place. I go during lunch because the price is very reasonable. I recommend to all of my family and friends.This place was awesome. Ivan was our cook and very accommodating. We will definitely be back next time we visit New Orleans again!!subpar.  sushi bar is boring and has you secluded in back looking at a wall.  sushi was unappealing   SADAmazing staffs, so much food. I love it. Hibachi always have the same great taste. So it's what you'll expect. Our cook, Donney was amazing and funny. Again it was a big portion. We have food for lunch tomorrow. Oh my favorite was the shrimp tempura rolls. To die for :)I absolutely love this place! So good that I had frequented this place 3 times in one week! Chef Ivan was entertaining and food was incredibly fresh and tasty, especially their poke. I would always try poke at any restaurants that have it on their menus and I would have to say, this place is one of my top favorite on the poke taste. If I can ever get myself away from ordering poke, I will try the ramen.Very friendly, the food was extremely great and a lot to eat. The bath was clean and smell awesome. The service was great and the food was cool well and well seasoned. They are kid friendly.The ramen is delicious. I've been back a few times for it. It's probably the only thing I'll ever order from there. My son got the teriyaki beef, it was very ok. The fried rice didn't look especially fried. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The crunchy rolls weren't bad. They put asparagus in them, which I like but the rest of my family doesn't.I stopped in for their hibachi the other day and it was really good. The chef was entertaining and the food wasn't salty like in other hibachi places I ate.  I also tried the ikura roll and can say it was delicious and the fresh salmon sushi was much fresher from before when they were under little Tokyo. Will definitely be going back.When this was little Tokyo, I went at least three times a week during happy hour. It was amazing and wonderfully priced. Last week it changed to Ikura without announcement and they canceled the happy hour so I left.
This week I decided to give it a try again. I ordered takeout, 2 snow crab without avocado, one crunchy, one salmon with avocado, two clear soups and dumplings. When I got there and paid I was pleasantly surprised the price was close to what it would've been during happy hour. Turns out it's because they completely messed up my order.
They totally missed the crunchy rolls so I had to go back. Besides that my snow crab HAD avocado and my salmon didn't. This isn't just being picky, my boyfriend has gallbladder problems and cannot eat fat-- avocado is pure fat. Besides this it was pretty expensive for just basic rolls that are not even super quality. I could get better rolls at a better price at Shogun. 
I'm sad to lose this as a regular and will miss the great service and prices.
update: my bf and I got food poisoning from the snow crabPicked up ramen as I used to love the ramen when this place was Little Tokyo. I asked for the broth to be extra spicy and they informed me when I called that it would be no problem. I show up to pick up my food and look at the receipt. They charged two dollars for it being extra spicy. Are. You. Freaking. Kidding me? I looked in the to-go container and it was two tiny plastic containers of chili oil. I looked at the waitress and asked her if this was serious to which she responded "you ordered spicy". Anyway, the ramen itself was mediocre. Not what it used to be when previously owned by Little Tokyo. The broth was too salty, murky and just one-noted. The egg hard boiled. Not semi soft, not soft, but good ole hard boiled complete with the unpleasant green ring you see around the yolk of the egg when it's over cooked. Perhaps the biggest offender was the ramen noodle itself. The noodles clumped together, were mushy, and seemed as though they were previously dehydrated fresh out of a pack. I will not come here again. Kin is worth the extra money.Interesting little spot in mid city, decided to check out their offerings, specifically in the ramen department. I am looking for a nice el Dente pasta whereas this ramen was a little undercooked. Broth was decent. The lady ordered fried tofu with teriyaki which completely eclipsed my meal in every way. Ramen= underwhelming, jury is still out on the entree dishes thoPopped in because I seen the sign from the road. The reviews looked ok. First I ordered the coconut shrimp, which came out in a pool of sauce and overcooked. My fiancée ordered 2 sushi rolls, one had hair on it and the other had beef on top (she orders it medium well) it came out rare. I attempted to order the spicy wings, the waiter said he didn't recommend it. I the tried to order the bulgogi beef, he also said he didn't recommend it. So i settled on the wasabi honey shrimp with fried rice. Clear soup was ok. The salad is awful. Just lettuce and the dressing plopped on top. My entree came, the shrimp under seasoned and the shrimp fried rice was way over peppered. I asked for a manager and had everything sent back. Never seen the manager after that. The waiter became rude and nasty when I refused to pay for the burnt appetizer and drinks. When I stated I'd rather just pay for the drinks I enjoyed he said aloud "Oh my god you ate $65 of food" which was untrue. Because I sent everything back. He shooed me out the building telling me to just go away. The only positive was their Shirley temple is nice. Otherwise, buy your own grenadine and don't bother!Went for sushi and it was all delicious!  Salmon sushi, scallops, the house salad, the big n easy roll shared all. So good.Literally the worst ramen I've ever had.  Ikura has somehow managed to create a completely flavorless tonkatsu broth.  I asked for no sprouts and no mushrooms, as you can see in the pic below, I got more sprouts and mushrooms than noodles.  The egg was brown and green (rather than white and yellow), and had a grainy or mealy texture.  There was one cube of "chasu" in my bowl...I use the term lightly as it was more a hunk of over cooked pork than any chasu I have ever seen or eaten before.  I paid $1 extra for corn that clearly came of out a can (mushy and flavorless).  They use spinach instead of nori. But the worst part, by far, were the noodles themselves.  The word "abomination" comes to mind.  They were dense, brownish in color, and tasted of preservatives or some other artificial thing that noodles don't typically taste of, served in a dry brick that never broke apart.  I got a third of the way through my bowl and threw the rest away.
The shrimp shumai were equally horrific - a mushy, flavorless shrimp paste wrapped in an over-steamed dumpling wrapper.The change in ownership or management has translated into an excellent sushi option in Mid City.  I usually order the cucumber wrapped sashimi naruto roll and the salmon skin hand rolls, which are excellent and the ingredients fresh and good quality.  The restaurant has not been updated since being Little Tokyo, but the quality of the food is off the charts.  Thumbs up.I ordered udon and wasn't impressed at all. There was way too much salmon and not enough tempura. The broth was decent, but I would have liked more veggies and other seafood.I really love the change from little Tokyo. I don't know if it's new owners or just a fresh start, but I enjoy having them so close. I really love the clean but warm aesthetic to the interior. I like how the restaurant is separated with the main dining hall on one side, the hibachi on the other and a good size square bar sectioned off in the front. It's a little too dim in the bar area though which makes it uninviting in my opinion. 
The service is prompt and friendly, and my order is always accurate on dining in and delivery. 
Haven't tried the hibachi but it is always entertaining and I love hearing the flame flare up and everyone "ooh and aaaah". 
Every roll I have tried is fresh and delicious and thoughtfully prepared. I love the varieties of edamame, although I admittedly stick to sea salt when I'm ordering solo. 
Dinner portion sizes are well plated and delicious, with the meat being good quality. 
Overall my only disappointment was the extra bland miso soup, obviously due to tiny amounts of both seaweed and tofu. I barely found a single piece of tofu in each bowl I have ordered, nor have I seen more than a few small strips of seaweed. I also have to add soy sauce to it, which I don't normally do. Such a low cost menu item would benefit from an adjustment to stay on par with other great and established sushi destination in the immediate area.
Otherwise, I'll consistently make my way there from now on, as I have been.Disgusting and poor quality: 
pork in the vegetable roll (I don't eat pork and it wasn't listed as an ingredient).
seaweed salad tasted rotten. 
sushi rolls over stuffed and completely disgusting. poor quality, poor taste, bad flavor combinations. 
Edamame over cooked and no salt even though it was requested.
none of this is eatable.This place use to be little Tokyo but whatever happened it's definitely a improvement. Please try it, it's very good.Came here a total of 3 times over the past few months. For the first visit, I really wanted to check this place out. It had just replaced Little Tokyo that has been there for years. Came here for lunch with a friend and picked the Salmon Teriyaki Bento Box. It was your usual bento box with a snowcrab roll, salad, egg rolls, oranges, rice, and cooked salmon topped with teriyaki sauce. The salmon teriyaki was pretty dry, since it seems like they just topped the salmon with teriyaki sauce instead of being sauteed with it. Overall it was just okay; I always loved the variety of bento boxes.
For the second visit, my friends and I wanted to try out the ramen because it looked promising on the menu. My friend and I ordered the Ebi Yaki, Crispy Garlic Tofu, Tuna Poke Salad, and bowls of Tonkotsu Ramen with added Spicy. The server came out with what looks to be Tako Yaki and we ate it to figure out what it was. It seemed to be Tako Yaki, so we told our server. He runs to the kitchen to confirm and tells us that it's a mixture of Tako Yaki and Ebi Yaki, but we told him that the menu clearly stated that there was a choice of Tako or Ebi Yaki. Apparently, that was not the case. Both the Tuna Poke Salad and The Crispy Garlic Tofu were pretty decent, just your usual appetizers at sushi restaurants. Our bowls of ramen came out and we were pretty excited to try them out! The noodles and broth was just okay, but the meat threw it way off. My friends ate a few pieces of the pork and then quit eating them because they were worried about their stomachs. I was a little bit more brave and attempted to finish my whole bowl because I did not want it to go to waste. Please don't eat the ramen.
For my last visit, I came with a bigger group of friends during their happy hour. We did not have much time and this was the closest sushi spot for us. We all ordered different things that sounded appetizing. Food was still decent at best. One of my friends ordered the Bulgogi with some rice and it came out warm and was barely even cooked. It was so raw, that he asked the server to have it cooked more in the kitchen. The server brought it back and the temperature was a little more hot, but still pretty raw. My friend didn't finished his dish, so I ended up braving it up and finishing it for him to not waste food. 
Overall, food is pretty lacking but the service is really good here. I definitely would not recommend anyone to get their ramen. They have a big menu, but they still need to work out a lot of things.I grabbed some takeout here today. And it was fun to watch the hibachi action while I waited. 
I ordered fried rice, a naruto roll and a veggie roll. The veggie roll included a bunch of lettuce, a small amount of cucumber & avocado and a little bit more of asparagus. No carrot, no radish. A little disappointing.
The naruto roll was tasty but the menu says sashimi naruto and maybe 1/4 of the filling is sashimi, the rest is snowcrab. Was hoping for more fish with the $14 price.
The fried rice had big beautiful shrimp and that plus the speed with which my order was prepared bumps them up to 4 stars. 
My guess is that the hibachi menu outshines the sushi one.Tuna tar tar is delicious.  The rice cakes are amazing!! I luv t sit at the bar Deny takes great care of me always tentative.  This place rocks!!I was a huge fan of the Little Tokyo location that used to be here and it seems like Ikura is just as good, if not a little bit better.
I stopped in for a really early dinner and, even though I was eating alone, I wasn't forced to sit at the sushi bar- already a win. I decided to keep it simple with my usual Philly Roll and Tuna Roll and I got their Big 'n Easy roll which had all kinds of yummy raw stuff in it. The Philly and Tuna rolls were perfection. The Big 'n Easy roll was great, the fish was fresh and it was really big and well worth the price. Of course, I had leftovers that I was happy to box up and enjoy later.
One thing that blew me away was how fast the service was here. There was a decent crowd and I had my food within 10 minutes of ordering and I was really pleased with that. My one tiny complaint was that it was a nice, sunny, early evening and the waiter closed all the blinds in the middle of dinner, making the restaurant almost completely dark. Hey, I like to see the sun when it stays light out a little later and eating in near darkness at 5pm was odd. Despite that one hiccup, I will definitely go back.I can't believe I haven't written about Ikura. It's a step above Little Tokyo. We love the po-boy and Ikura rolls. The Hibachi is also pretty good. The salmon is off da chain. I really need to learn how to make hibachi salmon at home. It is so tender and flavorful. They give you a nice thick piece. The family had shrimp, chicken and beef, but I'm all about the salmon. The noodles are sooo good. I'm sure they're fattening. They make a pretty good Arnold Palmer, my go-to drink.
Service is always good. They're very attentive. We got there at 3:49, but they still honored the lunch prices. Lunch officially ends at 3:30. There's a big difference between the lunch and dinner prices. 
We're regulars at this establishment, but when on the Westbank, Fuji Hana all the way.Service was incredible. Fast, accommodating, and kind. Food was awesome! The Ramen was lit.Some of the best sushi I've ever had, and I've had a lot. The whole experience was awesome- friendly staff with great recommendations, unique sushi rolls (Po Boy and Big Easy rolls were perfect for us out-of-towners), and they even threw in cute fresh orange food art as a complimentary dessert. I recommend the sushi bar since that's where we sat. The fish was sooo fresh and delicious. All around awesome. I'd love to come back someday.. we're from Chicago.If I could give it a zero, I would. Evey table around us suffered from the bad service. The manager was off and the guy running the place that night was the head chef. He had to give 20% to the people who complained. Several tables got up and walked out. The food was good, but tasted mediocre due to the atmosphere and (lack of) service.Awesome time at the hibachi table!  Our chef was extremely entertaining.  Worth every penny for the show he put on alone, but the food was good, too.  And plentiful.  If you like hibachi, this place is great.  If you've never tried hibachi, try it here!This is one of the best Hibachi restaurants I have ever been. The service was great. The chef was very entertaining and attentive. Our food tasted great. I would recommend this place to everyone especially if you are a big hibachi fan!Although they initially got our order wrong, they more than remedied the situation.  Ivan went out of his way to make sure we were satisfied by fully replacing our order.  We really appreciated the great customer service and accommodation.  Very sweet peopleTHEY SPIT IN OUR DRINK!!!!!!!!!! Went here for a dinner party. The server was agitated for some reason. She acted like she didn't want to do her job. Requested a refill and she bought a coke with a special surprise. There was a big glob of SLIMEY SPIT in the coke. Most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life. The server quickly removed the drink and acted as if she didn't know what was in it. We asked for the manager and he did not believe us AND MADE US PAY FOR THE COKE.Great hibachi. It was very entertaining. The prices were for plus 20% off for students. Service was okayI ordered the shrimp fried rice, miso soup, and spicy crunchy roll via UberEats. I ordered very basic items because it was my first time. Buying their food was a mistake. In the shrimp fried rice and the miso soup, there was too much sodium. The shrimp fried rice just seemed like "shrimp rice," it was grossly undercooked.  Miso soup is a STAPLE for me and the fact that they messed it up was very disappointing. The spicy crunchy roll had NO spice to it NOR did it have crunch. I was so mad because my total order was $19.33 (not including the delivery charge). Will I gain anything from writing this review? Perhaps not, but I feel like I'm expressing my feelings in a healthy way. 
I will not be supporting this restaurant in the future.Amazing sushi lunch! The rolls are fresh and flavorful, and the side salad of squid and seaweed was more than one bite like other places. Prices feel very fair. The service is very friendly and attentive (without being overbearing). I dined alone for lunch and was given the option of a table or the sushi bar, and I chose the sushi bar. The restaurant atmosphere is very nice, though I agree with previous reviews that the lighting is a bit dimmer than I would normally prefer. The sushi bar area has more light than the rest of the restaurant, which I appreciated. There is also one large TV, tuned to Discovery Channel, which was a very nice break from a news station. Not only was the service top notch, it was fast. I never had to wait long for anything (ordering, drinks, food, check). I even received an orgami butterfly at the end of my meal; very nice touch. I will definitely be back for lunch, and hopefully with more people for a nice dinner out.Excellent service! The drinks are great! Ad the price is even better than Miyakos! Lol 5 starsHad the chicken and steak hibachi experience. The hibachi chef was hilarious. Hibachi came with huge amounts of rice, noodles, vegetables, meat, and soup for a really good price. Strongly recommend for special events and celebrations.If you like being seated close to the noise/activity of the hibachi grill when it's just two of you and the rest of the dining room is empty, and if you prefer to receive your appetizer after your entrees/rolls have arrived, and if you don't care if your order isn't correct, and if you like waiting 30 minutes for the check, this place is for you. The food is good. That's about the only positive thing I can say about this place.Meh. Not that good. Don't waste your time. I went here to get ramen on a Monday evening and they were absolutely dead besides for 2 people sitting at the bar. The wait staff was also pretty rude and disorganized. I got miso tonkatsu ramen and it was tasteless and I was given shoyu instead of miso. The soup also had very little vegetables in it. It took me forever to get them to run my card when I got the bill. I was expecting better service but it just seemed like the wait staff didn't care about their jobs. I won't be returning.I have dined in at Ikura on two occasions. Both times were great. They're hibachi is amazing, and the lo mein is to die for. The portions are more than enough, which is saying a lot for a girl with an appetite like mine! On multiple other occasions, I've eaten here through postmates or waitr. Most of those times I usually have their sushi, which is usually pretty good but it isn't my absolute favorite. I usually get the big easy roll. But if you never want to be disappointed get the hibachi. EVERY. TIME.Ordered two sushi rolls tonight for delivery. The delivery menu didn't list jalapeño, and I hate them. They completely drown out any other flavors. This was really disappointingWas extremely rude, found a piece of PLASTIC in my food we told the server and they ignored us.Eh... Ikura satisfies my sushi craving without putting my bank account into overdraft. And for that, I am thankful. The fish could be fresher and more flavorful but then... it wouldn't be as cheap. In sum: good place for a weeknight dinner and nothing beyond that.* expensive & SALTY *
Okay, am I the only person who doesn't know how much hibachi costs?? The dinners start at $20 and go up to $45 I think, which was a little out of the price range of my friends and I, so we split 2 of the dinners between the 5 of us! That made it a lot more affordable.
The food was pretty good, but so salty. After our hibachi chef had already cooked everything we had the good idea of asking him to put less salt but it was too late for us... so for you dear reader: if you don't like your food super salty, make sure to tell your hibachi chef! Our chef added salt, pepper, and 2 different sauces (one was definitely soy, couldn't tell what the other was) to all the rice, noodles, meat, and veggies. SO SALTY.
The show that the chef puts on was pretty cool though! He did the fire volcano onion trick and tossed food into our mouths and kept singing happy birthday over and over when we told him that it was our friend's birthday.
All in all, a good experience, just so expensive and SO SALTY.This place used to be a Little Tokyo and little seems to have changed since the name change to Ikura.  They have some good combo options and their sushi selection has a respectable number of choices.  The service could be improved as it seems that it runs slower than most other sushi joints I've been to anywhere ever.  Nothing really impressed me as above average while the food also didn't disappoint to below average so it really is just an average sushi and hibachi joint other than the below average service.Wonderful little spot tucked away in what looks like a business park if you know what I mean. The sign sits low just behind the bus stop so it's a good thing they advertise onnnnn that bustop? I think? 
Anyways, I digress. This is my second time here and I've also had Uber EATS deliver. Why I had uber deliver me sushi even though I was right around the corner and wanting so desperately to enjoy sushi in pjs, I don't know. Case and point, you can only have sushi in house. 
I love that I had honey shrimp added sub miso soup on the menu for $1 and sub fried rice the teriyaki veg amazaballs. In the end of my evening, sat next to a guy who has been been coming here for 14 years 3 or 4 times a week. Very sweet. He enjoyed hot sake, ramen, and green tea ice cream (his fave he says). Apparently this spot used to be Little Tokyo and this guy grew up in Northshore.This restaurant was incredible! The service was better than what I've received at any hibachi restaurant anywhere. The food was delicious. The Hibachi chef was funny and engaging and entertaining - which is what you pay for when you eat hibachi at the tables, but what has been lost in so many hibachi restaurants. I actually enjoyed the old restaurant too, Little Tokyo until the service plummeted abruptly and the doors closed. It was always one of my favorites in the city when it was rolling. Looks like new management is doing well. Service was quick, but we arrived early during a lunch shift so there weren't many people in the restaurant. Everything was clean and and organized which was definitely a proud feat for a new restaurant. 
This is now our second best Hibachi restaurant in the city - I enjoy Hibachi chicken and noodles, my husband salmon, one kid loves shrimp, and the other loves steak. The steak needed a few more dashes of salt, but the rice, noodles, veggies, and all of the meats were well prepared and delicious. 
The shrimp and crab poboy sushi rolls were the best! If you don't order anything, you should try them out. I'll look for a picture to post soon, but trust me, the rolls taste even better than they look (I'm sure there are even more tasty rolls on the menu for true sushi eaters, but our pallette is limited, as we only like the cooked meats in our rolls) On a high note, our ten year old, extremely picky eater loved them! 
My only gripe is having to pay extra for the noodles whereas they used to come with the Hibachi meals in the past. Normal Hibachi prices for the quality besides the up charge for the noodles. Parking is always easy here. 
Great location with easy access from Canal Blvd, the interstate, Lakeview, Metairie, and driving in from the East.   
Hopefully they keep the great chef we experienced and add more like him. Thanks for bringing the "Hibachi experience and quality" back to New Orleans Hibachi restaurants. My kids really enjoyed their entire experience and we had no disappointments. This is a family favorite and we're so glad to have a great restaurant in town again!Wanted to go out to dinner with my family to celebrate. We had eaten here before last year and decided to go back because it was that good. Boy was that a mistake, I'm not sure if they are new owners but it's not anywhere as good as it was last time. We ordered drinks, sushi and hibachi dinners. Our sushi came out in 2 waves, about 10 minutes apart and I'm not sure why. Both rolls where very bland and the second roll was literally the size of 3 rolls put together. Our chef started off strong but that went downhill quickly. He has some thick sweet brown sauce that he added a bit to the fried rice, then the noodles. Ok, that was a first but the taste was alright. However he then proceeded to use the same sauce on every meat he cooked. Shrimp, scallops, salmon, chicken and filet mignon. There was so much sauce that you couldn't taste anything but the sauce. There was butter and lemon on the cart, which are usually used on the seafood, but he didn't touch them once. Our waitress never came back to refill our drinks, which we needed badly after all the sauce. Needless to say, we didn't finish our meals and will not be returning.The food was very good. The service was a little slow, I never got a refill on my water. A friend & I got the stuffed jalapeños and the mermaid shrimp for appetizers, both were tasty. I ordered the Tulane roll, which was a big portion and was also good. I only wanted for a little more eel sauce on it. My friend got the Kitty roll, which is deep fried. She enjoyed that as well. I'll definitely come back to try the hibachi.I ordered to go from here. Upon walking in I was greeted in the most polite manner by the waiter. The atmosphere and decor at this place is really fancy. The restaurant appeared very clean. I met the owner there who seemed very friendly. This was my first time walking into the restaurant as well as trying their sushi. I ordered Smoked Salmon Rolls and a Po Boy Roll. This was some of the best sushi I've ever eaten. The rice was very tender not too over or undercooked. The salmon texture was like butter melted in my mouth. The po boy roll was better than what I've had at other places. Overall definitely this one deserves a fiveIkura does sushi very efficiently with quick and good service. The kraken roll and Metairie roll were standard. The downside is that the salmon and other items did not look appetizing from the sushi bar. Maybe it was the sight of those that gave me a stomach ache after I left.  I would still come back here anyways because the place is large so there would rarely be a wait and service was quick. Sushi should always be quick anyways without a cooking process.
I haven't tried the hibachi side but it seems pretty good to fulfill a hibachi craving. The best part here is the complimentary salad with fresh fish pieces - lush.I'm giving this restaurant two stars only because of the plum wine, which was honestly the best part of an overpriced (for the quality), underwhelming meal cooked with so much oil that one day later both my husband and myself are still sick. We ordered hibachi, a bit of retro dining that should have been a fun experience. 
There was one other couple there, regulars apparently to the hibachi. The man asked for "only broccoli and carrots" as his vegetable portion, so the chef literally took all of the broccoli and carrots out of the communal portion, pushed them to the side, and served them to this gentleman. Yes, that meant none of the rest of us got broccoli and carrots. We were all left with onions and zucchini. 
We were served starters of miso soup and salad. They put so much fish sauce in the miso soup I felt like I'd just been hit by a gigantic wave while shimming in the Pacific and swallowed cold seawater. Yes, cold and fishy. The salad was a wedge of iceberg lettuce in a bowl that had not been drained, so when the dressing was added it was watered down. That's actual putting it mildly, it was drowning in water. I ordered steak, medium rare, and chicken. My steak was somewhere close to well done, and obviously a very cheap cut of meat better suited to the crockpot that hibachi. The chicken was under seasoned, tough, and stringy. As for the fried rice, it was greasy and the eggs sulphuric, which means they used old eggs. The yum-yum sauce was good at least. 
As for the entertainment value, that was a bust too as the chef knew the other couple, who were seated at the opposite end of the table, and played up to them the entire time. We were largely ignored in favor of this other couple. 
The decor needs an overall. Paint chipping off the walls, bathroom dirty and smelly, overall look and feel was about as retro as actual hibachi. I'm simply happy I wasn't there for the sushi as the entire place smelled much as I imagine a Tokyo brothel smells after Navy shore leave.Service was slow. My boyfriend got his food 15 minutes before I did. I ordered the shrimp kimchi udon with the shrimp and calamari on the side, as I am a vegetarian. My food came with a lot of salmon in it, which wasn't listed as an ingredient. I had to pick all the tiny pieces out. We had to flag down a waiter to get our check after waiting for another 20 minutes. Food was good otherwise, but we didn't have a good experience.I've been twice for the all you can eat, both times on Sunday. So this means you are paying for the dinner buffet which is $21.95 pre tax, it's just under $25 with tax. .This lets you order any roll such as the specialty rolls as well as the other stuff like the noodles,sushi,sashmi ,tempura,appetizers, etc.  They have a lunch buffet which is $14.95 pre-tax which lets you order everything except the specialty rolls. Lunch lets you still order the normal rolls like crunchy,california,shrimp tempura,etc. Both times when I went around 12:30. So it wasn't busy. The service has been ridiculously slow both times. I don't get why when they might have 2 other tables with people. Yesterday when my friend and I left,they had a party sitting at a hibachi table and a guy got up and started saying "hello!" looking for the server to take their order. It was unprofessional that there was no worker around to take that tables order. 
With the buffet,they give you a sheet and you check off what you want,if you don't want a particular ingredient like cream cheese you can make a note of it. They prepare the rolls fresh. I try out a few of the specialty rolls which is nuts because if you went in and ordered them without the buffet, they cost between $12-16 a piece. So if you ordered just 2 of them you get your money's worth pretty easily. On the 1st sheet I ordered 3 rolls in both instances. But then it seems like after that,the server, yes I say 1 because they have had 1 person, seems to ignore you. I see her looking at her phone or just aimlessly walking around. I have to raise my hand like a school kid to get her attention. But I think she does this towards the buffet people. If you don't do buffet then she will help you out way more. I don't know why you wouldn't order the buffet each time since if you just want 2 rolls you already get a great deal.
Now when I finally get her attention each time,I ask for a 2nd sheet to try a couple more rolls. They don't seem to like that and are hesitant to make more. They've said oh if you don't finish them we charge extra which makes sense. I know that and I do finish them. They really seem like they want you to pay the buffet price and order 2 rolls and be done with it. If you don't want people to order a bunch of rolls don't offer the buffet.
The next thing which isn't that important but kind of stupid is they do have ice cream on their menu like red bean ice,chocolate ice cream,etc. So I asked them if I could have  an ice cream and they said they don't have dessert anymore.  I asked are they out of it? They said they don't do dessert anymore period. I asked why is it still on the menu and they said they don't know. Ok???? Than take it off! I know people aren't going their for the ice cream,but just take it off. The dinner price is still fair without dessert if you order 3 specialty rolls since again,each individual roll is $12-16, and the dinner buffet is $21.95 pre-tax. After tax it's just under $25.
I would give the place 4-5 stars if the service was better and if y'all just took the dessert items off the menu. I'm not going their to eat ice cream,but don't put stuff on a menu if you aren't going to have it anymore. Common sense right? I'm pretty sure they are just waiting to run out of the sheets they have printed up with the dessert stuff meaning they are just trying to avoid having to print new sheets until they run out.
Akira in Metairie has the same type of deal, a lunch buffet which offers the same and more rolls at their lunch price which is $15.95 pre-tax. They have a dinner price which is $25.95 pre-tax. Dinner offers everything on the menu,all the rolls ,appetizers,soups,salads,whatever, and hibachi stuff as all you can eat. They are way more attentive and will gladly give you more sheets to order,and yes,they do have dessert,haha.This place looks like it was a Wells Fargo about a week earlier and they just dropped some hibachi grills where cubicles used to be!   Truly weird.  
Food is tasty, had the shrimp and filet.   No complaints there.
But... but... but.
WALL TO WALL CARPET!?!?! 
In a place that throws bits of shrimp into people's mouths... often missing their mouths and landing on the old Well Fargo bank branch carpet!?!?
Gag me with a chopstick!One of my favorite Japanese restaurants. High quality sushi, great service and lovely ambiance.Y'all, let me tell y'all this was the best hibachi I ever had in my life. Everything was consistent! The food was huge in portion size, cooked perfect and tasteful. The cook even gave me a few free sake shots. I was mesmerized man. Most definitely adding this restaurant to my favorite spots to hit up.I've been having a craving for sushi so I decided to go to Akira for dinner but got turned around due to them being closed for a private event. So they sent us to a neighboring Hibachi restaurant. I only eat fried sushi and they only offer 3 of their rolls fried. Being from cities where the "go-to" hibachi place is Benihana I had a lot at sake because Benihana is one of my top hibachi places. Well I got the steak hibachi dinner and I would say my food was just okay. It just wasn't giving me what I needed it to give. I give this restaurant a 7/10. It wasn't bad but def expected more. My sushi was pretty tasty but other then that everything else was pretty average.I don't normally write reviews, but after trying Ikura, I just had to! My family and I spontaneously stopped by and I'm glad we did! I loved everything about this place! The atmosphere, the staff, and the FOOD were all amazing! I loved how prompt our waiter was and how absolutely hilarious our hibachi chef was! Don't even get me started on the food. The hibachi was full of flavor and the sushi tasted so fresh! I'll definitely be back to try some other rolls and ramen (I might even come back tomorrow!)! By far my favorite Japanese restaurant in New Orleans!I was highly disappointed by my first visit here. The food was amazing, very tasteful, but the service was questionable. They were not accommodating when the lights went off randomly during dinner. My friends and I at dinner were asked to wait, after we stressed we had somewhere else to be, that sense there was no power, that resulted in not having electricity, which according to management meant no resolution. Overall I wish the night had a better ending, and perhaps being comped for the half out of waiting for a check and the almost 45 minutes of being in the dark, but it didn't.The service was absolutely horrible from the waitress. She dropped off the food and never came back to check on us. We were crammed into a table to avoid the vent dripping in us. Fortunately, the food was delicious. Unfortunately, I doubt that I will ever come back.I came here with my date last night. We ordered Hibachi, so of course we were in for a little show. The chef was very animated, which I liked. I even attempted to catch the food he threw at me from the grill with my mouth, but sadly failed alongside everyone else sitting at our table. The Hibachi dinner came with soup, salad, noodles, rice, vegetables and your choice of meat. Everything was seasoned very well. The only aspect of the food that I wasn't too fond of was the "yummy yummy" sauce. It had a strange after taste. I was extremely satisfied with the generous servings, though. My man and I were able to split our Hibachi and still had enough left to take home! Ikura is definitely a nice place for a fun, interactive date night.This place is DIRTY. Spent half the meal waving away flies. Windowsill, blinds and wall coverings all covered in dust and "stuff". Hand prints on the walls leading to the bathroom. Plates were chipped. 
Sushi was rolled with the skill of a ten year old with Parkinson's. Wild cowboy roll was topped with gristly steak. The food is better on paper than the plate. 
Did I mention the service was terrible?
For a place that just opened, this doesn't seem meant to last.Lovely new gem, on Carrollton Ave! Everything we had was delicious, from the BBQ rib appetizer, to the coconut shrimp appetizer, the Utah sushi roll, and of course the hibachi.  The portions were worth every penny and the hibachi chef was continuously entertaining.  The one thing I noticed the most, was my drink never reaching past the halfway mark.  The waiter was very prompt, precise, and friendly. 
Overall a great first impression.  Will be back soon and can't wait to try more of the sushi rolls which had a large selection.Meh. 
We showed up on a Wednesday evening around 6pm. The place was absolutely empty. Service was... okay. Our server's primary language was not English, so you gotta give a little slack there. She was trying her best. Ambiance is nice, to be honest. But the food...gosh where do I begin?
Everything was clearly made way ahead of time and reheated. And, when I say ahead of time, I mean days ahead of time. The fried rice the spouse ordered was not the least bit fresh. The veggies were reheated frozen. My kim chi yaki udon was mostly soy sauce, and not much flavor beyond that. Nothing on the scoville scale and, come on, what's the point of kim chi if your nose isn't running from the heat of it?
Anyway, it wasn't a disaster, but I won't be coming back. Definitely not worth the price.Delicious, everything was amazing!  
So much time has passed that I don't remember exactly what we got.  I'm not sure why I didn't finish this review before, but I'll do my best!
We got two different sushi rolls, shrimp fried rice, ramen, and the snow crab avocado salad.  The snow crab avocado salad was my favorite, it had asparagus in it too.  I would come here just for this!
The ramen was the pork tonkotsu, this was the first bowl of restaurant ramen we ever had. It was delicious!  Not what I imagined ramen to taste like, but not in a disappointing way.  My boyfriend and I both got the same ramen, and we had a lot of left overs.  At the time it was our favorite ramen in New Orleans, we really like the pork tonkotsu at Kin now, but i will be back for the snow crab salad and sushi!
We are from North Louisiana and the ramen traveled well, although they had styrofoam cups instead of plastic bowls, so it was a nervous drive. 
I believe the sushi shaped like a dragon was in fact the dragon roll.  My boyfriend's sister ordered this and she loved it, especially the presentation.  I'm not sure what the other roll was.