Terrific food, service, and vibe. Great spot.  We got there early on a weekday so there was no wait, so no idea about the reservation/no reservation issues addressed in other reviews.Italian recipes with chefs California inspiration infused.
Service - outstanding, although there was a very long wait and poor drink service while we waited the actual service for our meal was outstanding.
Food - meatballs and soft shell crab pasta were outstanding.  
Decor - three small rooms, very cozy feel ...
One of the best meals I had on this trip.  Funny given I normally stuff myself with Cajun food and Oysters when I am in town.We got lucky eating here on our first night in New Orleans.  We just walked in without reservations on a very cold Thursday evening. 
We had to wait about an hour before getting seated, It was a very enjoyable with a piano player playing great music the whole time. There are 3 dining areas, the one we were in was had a classic french style dinning room which was a lot of fun.
While not the most vegetarian friendly menu, but they did have a least have a fantastic fresh made spinach ricotta ravioli that had a nice spicy kick to it.   Also the daily special caprese salad with oven roasted tomatoes, pesto, and toasted pine nuts was a delight.  
The local drum fish was prepared with a amaretto almond sauce with local yam mash was succulent and devine. 
Then we ended up having two deserts, a hazel nut truffle and cream cheese cake. Oh my goodness were they good, so rich and incredibly yummy. We over indulged a but it was worth it. 
Overall a phenomenal meal and first impression for New Orleans.After going on the Creole Bike Tour, we were speaking with the tour guide who highly recommended going to Irene's for dinner.  He warned that there would "probably be a wait" and to let him know if we were able to get reservations.  I called into Irene's and pretty much got laughed at when I asked if there were any open reservations for later that night - apparently they had been booked for weeks.  We didn't let this deter us from our mission!
Headed over to Irene's around 8:30 pm and it was PACKED, I mean PACKED.  This could only mean that we were in for a treat once we finally got seated (and that the tour guide from earlier had lead us in the right direction of good eats).  We put in our names and told it was about an hour and a half wait, so we headed elsewhere to get some drinks and apps to hold us over until 10.
We headed back to Irene's at about 9:45 to see that it was still packed and took a seat in the waiting room while Mr. Piano Man serenaded us with some classics.  Very nice!  I also thought it was a great idea to have a waiter taking drink orders in the waiting area, since everyone knew at this point that it was going to be a while if you didn't have reservations.  Finally, we were seated around 10:45...I have to be honest that my aggravation level was pretty high, but I didn't blame the restaurant, it was just that busy.
Service here is excellent!  We had two waiters that were taking care of us and they were both awesome - they knew the menu front and back, were very knowledgeable about the wine listing and pairing, and were extremely courteous.  Other restaurants should take note!
Okay on to the food:  First we were served bruschetta, which was not like any I've tried before.  It was okay, not great.  For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the filet special and I got the San Francisco style Cioppino.  We were both so hungry and the food was so good that I'm pretty sure we didn't say a word to each other the entire meal.  Once plates were licked clean, we both agreed that Irene's was delicious, but not entirely worth the all-night wait.  The dessert listing looked really good, but we were both too full and falling asleep at the table (by then it was around 11:30 pm).
My overall opinion is that Irene's is very good, but would have been much more enjoyable if I felt that I hadn't wasted the whole night waiting for a table (again, not the restaurant's fault!).  If you're going to go here, definitely make a reservation WELL in advance!   I'd definitely check it out again!Even better than last time. We were here last year and liked everything but noticed this year the crisp European service is softened with a little southern charm and there is a wider choice of menu items.  This is one of those places where the celebs go to enjoy a meal without being bothered; very discrete, except their photos are hung solid on the walls up to the ceiling.  I had a beef steak and basil salad, filet mignon with roast shrimp topping, and a Wild Turkey on the rocks.  My wife had oysters Irene in the shell with tomatoes, sausage, bacon and cheese, white mushroom soup, grilled asparagus, Mississippi Drum fish with shrimp and a house Pinot Grigio.  We shared a big , thick piece of cheese cake with blueberry and strawberry garish in a Grand Marnier sauce.  I ordered another Turkey but decided not to finish it or else I would not be able to finish this review coherently. you be the judge.  We had a great time, had wonderful food and great service.  This gets my Best in Breed award for New Orleans fine dining.Ate a late dinner here one night. Our original intent was to have a glass of wine, share a cheese plate, and share a dessert. We ended up ordering entrees instead.
What attracted us to the restaurant was the aroma of garlic wafting from the vents (plus we had heard while walking by on a different day what an awesome place this was from one of the many tour guides going by in a horse-drawn carriage).
I went with an arugula salad with cajun tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella slices, drizzled with a white wine vinaigrette and olive oil, and sprinkled with pumpkin seeds. The flavors went very well together, and even though it didn't appear to be much on the plate, it was just enough to satisfy my hunger. My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs were actually an appetizer special that night but could also be served with the spaghetti. The meatballs consisted of beef, lamb, and veal. They were very tasty and you could even pick up a hint of mint. His ragu was flavorful as well, but not heavy. The spaghetti was perfectly cooked al dente.
For dessert we ordered the Praline Pecan Bread Pudding. I was really looking forward to it. The bread pudding was nicely sweet with caramel, but I didn't pick up any of the pecan. I wished there had been a little more caramel sauce and was disappointed that it was lacking a hint of bourbon. Even the ice cream tasted more like ice milk. I had heard people near our table say how excellent it was, so I guess the hype had me expecting too much. It was a tasty dessert though.
The ambience of the place is very romantic with candles lit at each table, dim lighting overhead, and jazz standards playing in the background. While waiting for a table you can be entertained by a piano player playing jazz music.
This is an excellent date place or night on the town place with your significant other. I'm so glad we decided to stop in here. The exterior is very unassuming, but once you walk over the threshold, you are in for a wonderful evening of tasty and flavorful food.Irene's is a good restaurant, and ultimately it's A-OK just not quite my style and I don't see myself going back so I'm going to go with 3 stars.  The setup is a bit strange having to walk through 2 rooms of people dining in order to get to a back room where they placed the host station.  As for the 3 rooms of dining (or possibly more that I didn't see), they're small, kitschy, and sometimes too tight for my preference.  But typical for a "charming" Italian restaurant, and we were seated promptly for our 7:30 PM reservation on a Thursday evening.
In terms of the food, it was generally good if not always exciting.  The homemade ravioli appetizer was good but the sauce was a simple, thin tomato sauce that didn't add much and the dish didn't have any wow factor other than being clearly homemade.  My table also had escargot which included a huge mushroom with every snail so you got more mushroom than anything - fine but certainly nothing spectacular.  Same with the crabmeat gratin - it was nice crab in a cheesy mixture but just didn't knock my socks off - and we didn't have any bread left to eat it with so I can't say I would order it again despite having a good amount of crab for the price.  My favorite appetizer was the Oysters Irene which were nice - not the best baked oyster I've eaten but very good.
Entrees were a bit hit or miss - one thing I can say is that if you go to Irene's you must get the lamb chops because they were the absolute star of the meal.  Lasagna Bolognese was just okay, and they were out of soft shell crab so the papardelle noodles for this dish instead had fried shrimp on top and it was good but nothing special.  But the lamb was outstanding.  AND the Creole Cream Cheese Cake for dessert was one of the best I've ever had.  Wow.
Overall, that's 8 dishes I tried and 2 were awesome plus I liked the oysters.  You're not going to be terribly unhappy at Irene's, but if you're truly into food you won't get the wow factor that a 4.5 star overall rating on Yelp would typically suggest.  There are much better options in this town, though Irene's is an okay choice with fairly reasonable pricing for what appears to be scratch cooking.We heard fabulous things about Irene's, so we called tonight to see if they could possibly accommodate our party tomorrow evening.  We didn't really even get a chance because we were put on hold twice for 10 minutes each time.  After that, a guy told us to come by tomorrow night and put our names on a list and "we'll try to get you in."  
There are a lot of other places with excellent client service that we will frequent instead.I've lived in New Orleans for several years and finally got the chance to visit the legendary Irene's and, I must say, they did not disappoint! Escargot aux champignons to start was the highlight of the meal. I appreciated that the dish was not overly sauced or buttered, as is usually the case with escargot dishes, and I enjoyed the toast point on which it was served, which added a nice contrast to the escargot and mushrooms. We also had the Oyster's Irene appetizer, which was cooked perfectly (oysters grilled and warm, still plump and juicy) letting the flavor of the oyster shine through, once again without over grilling or over saucing the seafood. My boyfriend and I had the lamb and duck entrees, and both were phenomenal. Service was great and the atmosphere was intimate without being crowded by nearby tables or at all stuffy or pretentious. This will likely be our choice for a romantic dinner date from here on out!I don't have the words to describe how wonderful Irene's was for dinner. It is small and cozy and the walls are filled with old photos. Our waitress, Stacie, was absolutely amazing! She made perfect recommendations. We started with the tomato salad and the Irene's Oysters. I am not a huge oyster fan, but these were baked to perfection. The soup of the day was a corn and shrimp bisque, which was delicious. For the entree i had the  cioppino, everything was fantastic.Yes, expect nothing but exceptional Italian food. But what makes this restaurant such a blessing is the people. David and Diane (servers) made this dinner an unforgettable experience. I went with their Thursday specials- Turtle soup and lamb osso buco. Irene's is a must for anyone staying in the French Quarter. Can't wait to come back. #thatcremebruleethoughIrene's is a little stuffy for what it is.  I'd say it's kind of cafe-esque with 3 rooms, all pretty small.  We had to wait awhile, maybe a half hour.  I tried a bite of the duck (highly recommended), which was perfectly glazed and crispy on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside.
The service is great, very polite, but they will razz you if you only order a Caeser salad.  Newsflash:  I WASN'T FUCKING HUNGRY!  I accompanied two friends who get into fine dining type atmospheres, something I'm just not into.  And I'm not really into waiting for food, especially when I'm hungry, but I wasn't this night, so it was all good.
We were there so long that afterwards I WAS eventually hungry, so I stuffed my face with a shrimp po'boy from Verti Marte after we left.  Yum!!!Food was great. Server was fun and helpful. Space is tight and intimate in this restaurant. Also if you're in a larger party they will only allow 4 split payments.Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous!
Tried going last year, but couldn't get in. Made sure I made reservations early and wasn't disappointed! The duck and lamb chops were excellent! The service was superb. 
This was my first choice for dining and definitely was not disappointed !
Go again? In a heart beat. Probably the best food I've had since puerto Vallarta! 
Can't wait until my annual visit next year. May book it for 2 nights!Great experience, 20+yr local resident w/ 1st time dining here . 1st class treatment by waitstaff.  Made us feel comfortable in a formal environment but courteous & professional to locals & tourists in a wide range of attire.  My dining partner, an old neighborhood friend, from our hometown  Concord in N Calif, & I enjoyed wines by the glass, Sauv Blanc, French Rose' & Chianti from a compact but well crafted wine list.
My meal - soft shell crab appetizer & San Francisco style cioppino - superb.  His meal - turtle soup & osso buco - he was raving about it right down to the great tasting marrow in the veal shank bone.  Eat early like we did @6pm as it gets crowded quickly even in late Aug.  Assuredly, I'll be back.Irene's has been on my list of places to go for a long time now.  I had always heard good things and was finally able to go for my birthday dinner and I could not have been happier with my choice.  We were able to get a reservation for a group of four for 6pm on a Wednesday.  Irene's wowed this local from moment I walked through the door.  The staff was super friendly and made you feel right at home.
The space is small and formal, but not stuffy like Commanders or Antoine's.  The walls are covered with pictures of various patrons as well as local and national celebrities.  There are 2 main dining rooms and a 3rd room in the back with a piano player.   
The food is Creole/Italian.  It all starts with the complimentary Bruschetta, which was not great but was still pretty decent and tasted fresh.  Next we shared 2 appetizers:  the meatballs and the soft shell crab amandine.  The meatballs were outstanding and, as if a soft shell crab isn't good enough, let's put some Creole meuniere sauce on top!  Wow. 
Our four entrees were the Duck St. Phillip, Paned Chicken with crawfish, Filet Mignon and the Cannelloni.  The duck was the best I have ever had.  It was a half of a duck served on a bed of fresh spinach with a sweet potato mash.  The meat was incredibly tender and had no wild game taste.  The chicken was perfect as well.  It was thin sliced, lightly battered and fried, and served on a bed of fresh spinach.   On top of that were crawfish tails, artichokes, baby tomatoes and some amazing sauce.
My girl is lactose intolerant, so when going out to a nice restaurant she usually has to fall back on a steak dish.  She said the Filet was one of the best she has ever had.  It was cooked perfectly and came with a full roasted Portobello mushroom cap and some killer gravy.  The Cannelloni was equally awesome as well.  Every plate we had was completely cleaned!
For desert we had Tiramisu, Bread Pudding, and Cheesecake.  All 3 were very well done, and just what you would expect from a high end New Orleans restaurant.    
The only bad thing I can mention about Irene's is the bread that is served with dinner.  It was hard and almost stale, but even that is not enough to even take away 1 star.  I was impressed and will definitely be back.My 5 Star rating of Irene's should speak for it's self .  The staff is beyond friendly, they go as far as immersing you in the experience of Irene's, by taking their time to explain the culture and the history behind the establishment.
The Food, excellent.First time here and will definitely return. We ordered the lamb, duck, cap rear salad, mussels. Everything was perfectly prepared and delicious. Service is great. I loved it here.Every time I come back to NOLA, I have to eat at Irene's.  This is quite possibly the best restaurant in my mind.  After eating here multiple times over a span of years, the quality has never wavered nor has the service.  Decidedly unpretentious yet unfailingly classy, nothing I have ever eaten here has made me question my choices.
How good is Irene's?  It's the only place that made me want to vomit afterwards just so I could go back and eat more!  Go early and often, as they do not take reservations.  I normally wouldn't further advertise this place, but I feel that I should have something in my reviews to demonstrate my absolute benchmark for dining experiences.Not cheap and not as elegant as some places in NOLA and, as far as I know the chef is not a celebrity, but this place has some of the best food in this famous dining town, and some of the nicest staff--and it's a very comfortable, pleasant series of rooms.  The menu is fairly short and much of it consists of the daily specials your server will recite.  But by focusing on 5 or 6 items in each of the major categories (appetizer, soup/salad, fish, meat, desert), they can do what's available and fresh, and what the chef excels at.  Anyway, I've eaten here 5 or 6 times and never had anything that wasn't eye-opening good.
This time I had an appetizer of spinach/ricotta ravioli in a light tomato sauce, a salad of oven baked roma tomato slices, mozzarella, and pine nuts with pesto, veal marsala (with sides of sweet potatoes and asparagus) and cheesecake with espresso for desert.  They had half bottles of a good (King Estate) Pinot Noir so I drank that with the meal.
The tab came to $83 (the wine was $28)--and worth it IMHO for this quality of food.
There are some local items on the menu (sweet potato soup with andouille, soft shell crab on a bed of pasta)  but for the most part this is not uniquely New Orleanean food.  It's just very, very good food.  You can have the items elsewhere, and I have, but I doubt they'll be as good (I KNOW they won't be "at any place in the Bay Area" as one other reviewer argues) and if they are, they'll likely be more expensive (at least in the Bay Area or New York).I cannot say enough wonderful things about this lovely restaurant! I always insist on taking friends to Irene's if they have never experienced it before.  
I especially want to thank Damien and Orlando for their superb service on May 16th. It was a busy night, and despite our long wait, our experience - my three friends being there for the first time - was outstanding and Irene's won new fans yet again. These men went above and beyond to make our dining experience the best it could be on top of the exceptional food that can stand on its own. This place is a must for anyone visiting New Orleans who is willing to tread off the beaten (Bourbon) path just a little. THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!Found out about this gem from some locals our last night in NOLA and I'm so happy we did! !! We didn't make reservations but walked in and were seated right away, which we were told by our waiter was rare that sometimes the wait can be 2 hours.  I can see why.  The service was amazing and the food just melted in your mouth.  Plus they have a Moscato D'Asti which is my favorite.  I had Lamb and gnocchi and my husband the filet neither disappointed.  If we find ourselves back in NOLA we will most certainly be back! !My husband and I decided to vacation in New Orleans and looked forward to dining at Irene's. When we arrived a few minutes early for our 7:00PM reservation, the
maitre' d  informed us that the wait would10- 30 minutes. The lounge, where we were to wait, was packed with unhappy patrons who were also waiting for a table they had reserved.  The scowls on their faces were the first clue that Irene's was overbooked. 
Since every seat was occupied, we stood shoulder to shoulder with the other customers.  When one gentleman, waiting for his son to come out of the restroom, told us that he and his party of 10 were seated on time. He proceeded to tell us that one did need a reservation and that he called a week earlier for his reservation, which obviously had been accommodated at our expense.  Now I was angry that my reservation, made a month in advance, was relinquished to a local patron who booked a table for 10. 
This time the maitre'd admitted that there were 8 other reservations ahead of ours and that we would have to wait until the "first seating" was finished, probably in one to one and a half hours. There was no apology offered or any other attempt to ameliorate the situation.
At that point, we called Muriel's Bistro on Jackson Square,  Muriel's  offered us a table in the inner courtyard since Muriel's, unlike Irene's, honors its customers reservations and held tables in the dining rooms for people who were expected.
It will be a long time before we visit New Orleans again.Irene's is what I like to refer to as my "white whale" of NOLA. I have been denied my visit here on numerous occasions and we planned to head over right at 5:30 after watching some music at the Louisiana Music Factory. It was even better than I imagined...
We walked in and were greeted by the sweetest older lady, whom I could only imagine must be Irene. We were sat at a table in the front room and our server, Orlando, helped us make our selections. Orlando was great- he was fun and offered wonderful suggestions while not being too pushy with his upsell. 
For the first course I ordered the paneed oysters and shrimp with spinach salad. There were so many things going on with this dish and each one of them were wonderful!! The oysters were wonderful, fried but not greasy or gummy. They were served with the shrimp on a burre blanc sauce with a salad on the side with raspberry vinagrette, apple slices, and sugared grapes. Wow. Hubby got the pomodoro salad with Maytag blue cheese, bacon, and grilled onions. Also amazing. 
Dinner was the lamb chops for him, at Orlandos suggestion. He loved them! I tried the cioppino, which was delicious. The fish and seafood were cooked perfectly and the broth was delightful! 
I was so excited to finally try Irenes and it didn't disappoint!!! I had only one minor (miiiiinor) complaint about this place which was that he didn't mention a veal special we had overheard at another table without my prompting, or a meatball appetizer that our friends had raved about from the night before and we assumed it wasn't on the menu for the evening. We then saw the people next to us get it and were a little bummed that we didn't get to try them. That being said, I was more than happy with my meal!!!!! I'll just have to ask for meatballs next time.One word: fantastic.
Everyone kept telling us about the wait. But we walked right in with only 5 minutes to set up a table. The place smells fantastic as soon as you walk in and I was starving.
The oysters irene was out of this world. It had bacon and cheese and tomatos on it. It was great. My friend had a salad and loved it, said it was fresh and the dressing was seasoned perfectly. 
I had the veal marsala, wish sweet potato crisps. It was sweet and savory and the veal was perfectly cooked. I've had alot of marsala sauces in New York but this is one of the best. 
The tiramisu was rich and the marscapone was creamy. It was room temperature, which only made it better (I hate restaurants that keep it in the refrigerator until served, kills the coffee flavor). I had an italian espresso to go along with it.
The wine list was very extensive and the service was fantastic. Just attentive enough without being overbearing. 
All in all, a complete 10 dining experience!I traveled to NOLA with my friend to celebrate our 40th birthdays. Both of us are very picky eaters for different reasons. We decided to go to Irene's for our last dinner which, was this evening. This place is outstanding. From the moment you walk through the door, you are treated like you're the only customer there. We did have a wit but, it was under 40 minutes. While we were waiting, we were entertained with the piano player. We were offered a drink from Michael, the Maitre D. Not only did he constantly refill our water but carried on a conversation with us. We both had the ravioli and, they were the best I've ever had! I also had an arugula salad that was delish. For dessert we shared a pecan bread pudding bananas foster. Yes, they managed to take two desserts and produce a dessert that is so good it should e illegal. Irene's is small but very homey. Our waitress was Nancy and she couldn't o enough for us. She checked on us at every turn and was happy to make substitutions with a smile! Throughout our inner, Michael stopped by a few times and even told Nancy why we were there. I can't say enough good things about Irene's. This is one place you don't want to miss when in NOLA!!!Great food! Their lasagna and wine is fantastic. Great waiting staff. Generally very good dinner.Totally disappointing. We had a reservation and still waited over 30 minutes, although that wasn't too bad because they had a live piano player. The unfortunate part was that the food was just okay and our server was terrible. My husband asked him about a particular wine, and he's like uh, I don't know anything about wine. Not a, "hey let me ask someone," or even, "I don't know about that one but this one is good..." Something! He also disappeared for huge chunks of time. Every other place we ate in NOLA was worth writing home about - this place was completely forgettable.Upon entering Irene's, a French Quarter based Italian restaurant, three or four well dressed servers greeted us. We felt very welcome and at ease. Irene DiPietro herself was walking through each dining room. Irene's is only open for dinner so we showed up for an early dinner because we didn't want to wait in a line. Upon our exit there were 10 people (locals and tourists) waiting outside the restaurant. If you do not have to wait more than 30 minutes, Irene's is worth the trip.
Irene's has multiple dining rooms. The tables are packed quite tightly together and I could hear our neighbor's conversations. My dining companion asked for her seat to be adjusted because it was wobbling and another tables server seemed a bit sassy, but was willing to help.
The striped wall paper, books, gold framed paintings and lighting was cozy.
Complimentary mozzarella, tomato and basil bruschetta
I started my meal with a caprese salad with well seasoned tomatoes, mozzarella, arugula, pumpkin seeds and onions $5.50.
My friend had the ricotta and spinach raviolis with red sauce and seemed quite pleased with her choice $7.50.
I had a soft shell crab meuniere appetizer special as my main. It was lightly fried, the crab meat was juicy and served with slivered almonds, brown butter and lemon.
We shared the Bananas Foster Bread pudding, suggested by our enthusiastic, New Orleans born and raised waitress, it was unbelievable. The bread pudding was served with warmed bananas and rum caramel sauce, vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.I hate doing this......great food and great service....but as a local i want to keep this place off the radar and not have it become another "must visit" on every other tourists list.
With that being said...a personal note to all the tourists: since you have already discovered our formerly hidden secret, do all of us a favor and please don't go to Irene's in your tacky shorts, silly t shirts, flip flops, loud obnoxious parties, or already liquored up from your bar stops along the way. This is a classy place and please act and dress classy when you do go!This may go down as the best food ever made in the French quarter! The long wait is well worth getting a seat. From the piano player in the waiting area to the cozy sitting in the restaurant part and friendly staff make this a home run.Hands down the best restaurant in the quarter. The service is always friendly and knowledgable. You never wait with an empty glass or on any request. The atmosphere is small and intimate and somewhat noisy. It's a great little restaurant. The food? Not a bad thing on the menu. Everything has been exceptional and you absolutely MUST try their cheesecake. I've had duck, lamb, caprese and most of their Italian dishes. Haven't found a flaw yet. Very reasonably priced for the quality you get. Highly recommend getting dinner there soon. They don't take reservations unless you're local, but the waiting room has a piano and they'll be happy to get you some wine while you wait.Where to begin. First, the ambiance is romantic and cozy. Piano playing softly in the background, candle-light, waiters in black tie and aprons, linen table cloths. The food. We had escargot, charbroiled oysters, cioppino and lasagna. Everything was delicious. They even start off the meal with complimentary bruschetta. The bread pudding was one of the best I've ever had, complete with fresh cream and vanilla ice cream. Oh, and the bloody Mary's are good too. Now, the best part, our waiter, David, was excellent. He helped us navigate the menu, and provided us with just the right amount of attention, not too much, not too little. He talked to us about the city and must-see live music destinations, like Smug House. Really a great meal, beginning to end. Try it, and ask for David!!Our last night in NOLA and we found this gem of a restaurant for dinner. Our server, Drew, made the experience exceptional. Truly superb service and that's just as important as the food for me. Will definitely be back next time in NOLA. 
Tip: Leave room for dessert.I'll start off by saying that the food IS delicious. The service was lackluster. When dining at an restaurant of this caliber there are certain things that patrons shouldn't repeatedly have to ask for- like drinks, bread to accompany the crab dip. Etc. the food as I said is wonderful, the service not so much.Classic bistro atmosphere, confident wine list, old-world service, careful prep ... a real charmer.Good food. Great service. Salad was good. Raviolis was good. Bartner was very nice and friendly. Every was nice.Sent there on a tip from a former local. Decor was fun, a bit of a cluttered mish mosh but it worked. Wine list was amazing- from $30 to $1500. Service was good, food was quite good. We were pushed into a corner on a busy holiday weekend, so I think I would have a different impression if I had felt more comfortable. Not that the staff did anything to make us feel rushed or anything, but a busy restaurant isn't always conducive to a relaxing evening. I would go back, and the price seemed in line with the quality.LOVE LOVE LOVE! Such a beautiful place to enjoy a cozy and relaxing dinner. The food is amazing beyond words and the service is top tier! The drinks here are pretty strong but in NOLA that is not a bad thing! Cheers!!We visited this restaurant for my birthday.  Our friends had eaten here before and enjoyed it.  We made a reservation for 9:30 which was the only available slot that day.  I was a little concerned because it was so late but I hung in there thinking it's busy so it must be good.  For starters, we arrived and there was no host/hostess to greet us or acknowledge our reservation.  We had to wait 10 or more minutes for a greeting. Once set up we were put in a really lame location, in a corner, by the kitchen.  Re asked to move and they accommodated. We ordered most from the specials.  Three of us had steaks, they were mediocre, very little flavor.  They had shrimp on them, the shrimp tasted like it had been frozen for a while.  It was very disappointing.  A friend ordered lasagna, it was over cooked and extremely boring(like School food). We started with salads.  I had the Caesar which had a long crouton.  Which was so hard it was inedible.  Based on this experience I wouldn't eat here again.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The icing on the cake was a birthday song which started at the wrong table, then involved no hoopla.  Followed by the same waiter bringing the entire staff to sing to the table next to us.  Overall a lame birthday dinnerA friend told me to check this place out when I was in town, and I wasn't disappointed.  NOLA level cuisine.  Only open for dinner, but when you see it you'll know why.  Great vibe there at night.  Don't go looking for a lot of pasta at this place, but what they have is really good.I give 5 stars very rarely. However, this restaurant has it all. From the moment you walk in, you know it's special. The waitstaff are dressed impeccably and are attentive without being annoying. Our server, Seth, was one of the most professional waiters we've ever had. He was knowledgeable, engaging and his food suggestions were perfect. Although the appetizer and entrees were amazing I want to focus on the dessert. It was hands down the best bread pudding I've ever had. Dense but smooth texture, topped with candied pecans, whipped cream on the side, a scoop of vanilla bean gelato on top, with bananas foster surrounding it. The best!First dinner during my inaugural trip to New Orleans and Irene's didn't disappoint.  
Food: Mussels marinara sauce to start.  First time I tried the baby (P&J) mussels which I think are particular to the South.  Delicious.  Great sauce and truly delicious french bread to soak it all up.  The girl friend ordered Cannelloni (similar to Manicotti but stuffed with ground veal in addition to ricotta and mozzarella cheese) and I opted for the San Francisco-style Cioppino, setting myself up for failure since I had amazing Cioppino IN San Francisco when I lived there.  Cannelloni was mouth-watering delicious (not sure how it compares to Cannelloni at other restaurants, as it was the first time I had the dish) and the Cioppino was full of seafood (shrimps, scallops, mussels, clams, red fish, etc.) but was kind of bland and definitely not spicy.  Creole Cream Cheesecake and Pecan Bread Pudding for dessert ... both were excellent endings to a wonderful dining experience and helped to get the bland taste out of my mouth from the Cioppino.  The cheesecake was served with strawberries while the pecan bread pudding was served alongside bananas and gelato.
Service: Our waiter Orlando was fantastic, if a tad too excited about every dish we asked about ("Amazing!" "My favorite!" etc.)  The finishing touch however was Irene herself presiding over the meal and shaking my hand (and kissing my girl friend on the cheek!) after we had paid the check.  That's Southern Hospitality ...
Atmosphere: Very classy, small, antiquated library-type setting with a second room.  Didn't feel too cramped though and the outside looked like a quaint cottage.  It IS the French Quarter ...
Value: Fairly good (especially in comparison to similar establishments in New York City), less so in New Orleans I believe, where EVERY great restaurant seems to be a good deal.  Still, for the quality, service and atmosphere, you won't feel bad at all with spending a little extra for that romantic occasion at Irene's.One of the best meals we have ever had! The food was exceptional.  The shrimp bisque, crab, fish and pasta all amazing.  The cheesecake dessert was unreal.  I had to close my eyes to savor the moment...not kidding! So romantic with the candlelight, exceptional service, making being a waiter a profession.  I could go on forever. Don't leave nola without eating here.We went here on the recommendation of a good friend. The ambiance was very charming, and the maître d and other wait staff were genuinely warm to all the customers with the exception of our waiter. When it came time to order, he laughed at us a bit too strongly for our comfort when looking for advice among three very different entrées, and chided us for having made eclectic selections about which to ask. It went downhill from there. We asked no more questions, ate our food, and quietly left.Utterly fabulous, on every level. These guys are pros. Attention to detail is off the chain.Expect authentic, imaginative, fresh and wholesome cuisine coupled with friendly and professional service. Irene's is a jewel. 
This evening I had the Duck St. Phillip. Lean, moist, and succulent - and large enough to share.  My wife had the sautéed red snapper - perfectly prepared and again enough for two people.  
Our waiter Mike was attentive and helpful, and the level of staff on hand is quite impressive as the restaurant is not very large.
Irene's continues to be a place we always look forward to coming back to!I spent an entire meal on appetizers alone. Incredible flavors, rich and delicious and I would definitely come back. Twice in two weeks, a new favorite.OMG! Do not miss this place! I had the rib eye cap and my husband had the lasagna and both were fabulous! I could have made a meal from the bruschetta alone. Sadly, we were too full to have dessert.This is some of the best if not the best place to dine in New Orleans.   Don't waste your time with all the so called "famous" places, that never deliver -where food is mediocre and the prices are through the ceiling.   You will be blown away by the food.  I had Osso Buco -best I have ever had.Had reservations for dinner, wait was very short. Service was good but quite disappointed in food. Out of 4 plates only the Duck was worth it. Lamb chops were cool and soft on outside, under cooked with no seared exterior.  Both seafood dishes were way OVER salted. Neither party could finish. Restaurant was LOUD. Unable to have any dinner conversation. Would just as soon sat at bar. 
Not worth the $1. Stacie. AMAZING server!  Wow!
2. Make a reservation. A local recommended we do it and thank gosh!  We called at 1pm and the only time left was 8:15pm.
3. You will not be sat on time, however you will not notice it. When you walk in, walk straight to the back room. Check-in with the desk and then find a seat. A server will take your drink order and then have them put on the table. Leave him a few dollars, because I am not sure how tips work here. 
4. There is a piano player who can and will play anything!  Modern pop? Old school lounge songs? Yes! Just for fun, he played Piano Man while standing backwards.
5. The menu, the specials, the EVERYTHING is fantastic. I had the lasagna bolognese. It was nearly 9, and they only had two left. They are not kidding when they say each night they only make limited quantities. We ordered the Creole Cheesecake which was some of the creamiest cheesecake I have ever had. It is clearly homemade. They serve it with strawberries soaked in Grand Marnier. 
The experience and the food is second to none.This is a great cozy spot nestled in the French Quarter not too far from Decatur street. This is classic NEW ORLEANS Italian with many of the classic dishes infused with Louisiana seafood and love. When you first go in they typically make you have an obligatory drink in the back room but that's ok because a friendly staff will get you that deserved drink right before your seating. I recommend a reservation and lots of things on the menu.Irene's is absolutely the best! From the wonderful cauliflower soup to the duck it was so enjoyable!I LOVE Irene's!  The food is outstanding, and the atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.  I have been to NOLA 3 times, and on one trip, I ate at Irene's twice!  The only downside is a long line for a table, but at least they have expanded the waiting area and made it more comfortable.  The waiting doesn't bother me, because the meal is SO worth it.The food was good but extremely salty. We split the Oysters Irene, Crabmeat Gratin, and a caesar salad, and I had the soft shell crab while my friend had the San Francisco Style Cioppino. We were both in agreement that everything was way too salty. I'd go back, but not as willingly as I went the first time.The service was great, and my entree was worth 5 stars (the duck st phillip). However, my two dinner companions were less than pleased with theirs. The crabmeat au gratin appetizer was overly fishy and practically inedible to all 3 of us. The cannelloni was good, but not mind blowing. The fish special my other guest ordered (can't recall the name) was not what the waiter had described (server failed to mention the presence of crawfish and artichokes!) and thus disappointing. Clearly, I was the only one out of the 3 of us who did my yelp homework to ensure I had ordered well!I can't say enough amazing things about Irene's. Just go experience it- literally you will understand why this is so short. The best service, food, atmosphere that I have ever experienced. And get seated in Daniels section- he is the best server ever. Just go book now..... and get the lamb chopsLate dinner in New Orleans and came across this place. We were not disappointed. Super friendly male staff, our waitress was very efficient but not as gregarious as her male counterparts. We had the meatballs marinara to begin, we could have eaten 14 of those, fantastic! Beautifully constructed marinara and the mozzarella and meatballs oh so good! My hubs had the lasagna very good!! Pasta was perfect and that same sauce, yummy. I had the Chicken Rosemarino, I think it was called, chicken was flavorful and moist but a little salty. Restaurant is very old but has a nice old fashioned vintage feel. It's very cozy, big parties looked tight to fit, but they do it. All in all I would return.Food was FABULOUS - especially the Soft Shell Crab appetizer !  Whoever does the hiring is doing an incredible job - every staff member we came in contact with was upbeat, and super efficient !  Great evening !We ate here on the recommendation of a local and couldn't have been more pleased. We arrived early and were seated promptly when the doors opened at 5:30, no reservations. Our waiter Kaiser got us started with drinks and bruschetta. My sazerac was perfectly mixed and quite tasty, and my girlfriend said her cosmopolitan was the best she'd had on our stay in New Orleans. We each ordered another. 
The appetizer was crabmeat gratin: beautiful lumps of crab with melted Brie and Swiss cheeses, and fresh thyme. Wonderful. The soup de jour was cream of oysters Rockefeller. The oysters were awesome, tender and flavorful, only added at the last moment of preparation to ensure they were perfectly done. Simply delicious, the Caesar salad had just the right amount of anchovies to enhance the dressing without overpowering the other ingredients. 
I got the lasagna Bolognese, the best I've ever tasted. The veal Marsala was out of this world with its complex, savory reduction. The chicken Rosemarino was moist and full of flavor. The meuniere Amandine was sublimely delicate. Even our most finicky teenager, who was not confident after looking at the menu, was wowed.
But the best was yet to come. Our group was the exact size to try one of each dessert, and we could not go wrong. The yummy bread pudding, the Creole cheesecake's cloud of goodness, the sinfully decadent chocolate truffle, and the creme brûlée silky with crunchy sweetness were all incredibly scrumptious. One satisfied teen ordered her tiramisu to-go, so we'll give it a taste in the morning. Bet it's perfect with a cup of coffee.
The service was impeccable. We did not have wine, but their list is extensive, and we recognized some fine labels. Beginners luck getting a table without a reservation; we'll be making one on our next visit (which I hope is soon).Best restaurant I experienced in new orleeans. Hands down. Had the ribeye with mushrooms and blue cheese potatoes. Zucchini soup. For dessert we had cheese cake. We were able to meet Irene. She was delightful. We had our picture made together. What a treat. Restaurant is beautiful. Drinks are perfectly made. Do not miss this dining experience. Worth every penny.After an hours wait we got to order and I went with the soft-shelled crab parpardelle. Now I like seafood, I like rich sauces and I like the taste of butter. But I can't help but feel that the deep fried crab was retaining a little to much oil, which gave the sauce an oily aftertaste. Now I didn't try any desserts, though I should. 
Now upon visiting a loud quartet was sitting a few tables from us and even though they where clearly drunk out of there minds and a number of tables had complained about them the vaitors kept bringing them more booze. Now I would have wanted them to shove a sock in it, but they did nothing. That and the crab is why there will be no 5-stars from me.
Would I visit again? Not sureWe have eaten here before several times and really enjoyed it. I called them several weeks ago seeking a reservation for a large party in mid-March. They confirmed the date and time and I was very excited to secure the date for our group as we have 20 people traveling in from multiple cities (some international) to celebrate our friend's 40th birthday. I was shocked to receive a call last week from Irene's cancelling our reservation. No reason was given, no solution was offered. "Sorry we can't do it"..click. They simply turned their back on a commitment. Had they denied my original request I could have found another location considering the fact it was well over a month away. Now we have one week to find another restaurant that can host a large party during a very busy weekend. I have visited New Orlean's every year for the past 15 years and I have two trips scheduled in March 2016 alone. Needless to say I won't be spending my dollars at Irene's again, nor should any of you.I love the staff here. The last time we were in, the waitress [Helene] was amazing. She had the best sense of humor, was polished and professional and really made the evening. The waitress at the bar [don't remember her name] was also a hoot. and as always, the woman greeting at the door and saying goodbye was a very nice touch.
Alas, the food was not all that. My dining partner ordered a tomato and blue cheese salad [I did give a warning about tomatoes being out of season] that was mealy and bland. My soft shell crab was greasy, with an odd spinach side and sort of overpriced. My dining partner had fish that, to me, seemed both bland and fishy.
The decor is homey but nothing to write home about. Our wait was minimal [15 min....but it was a Monday night at 9:30].
Overall, I love the experience but was pretty disappointed with the food.
Food 2
Decor 3
Service 5
Other being seated in a nicer restaurant in NOLA in shorts and a t-shirt 5It's a pleasantly light Italian menu with a creole twist. The turtle soup was delicious and the crispy duck was spot on. 
The highlight was the banana foster bread pudding. Wow.The food is delicious. Make reservations far in advance. My only criticism is that it is pretty loud in the dining room and we were packed in like sardines.Delicious, quaint Italian restaurant hidden in the French Quarter.  Go early as they do not take reservations (and the wait can be hours)--I think they open at 5pm.  Per Zagat.com, Irene's has re-opened post-Katrina...that's good to hear.  Escargot was yummy, and I always get the pasta with prawns.  Oh, and the free bruschetta is wonderful--gave me a new appreciation for what you might think is just toasted bread and tomato.Irene's does no advertising since they are so busy with the local residents.  We waited for over an hour in their waiting area  AKA their garage. The wait was worth every minute!  If I had to have one meal before I died, I would definitely go to Irene'sOn our server Matt's suggestion I had the lamb and it was incredible!  We also had the cheesecake which was incredibly light texture and the best cheesecake I've ever had.  The service was very attentive and Matt was friendly offering recommendations for breakfast or lunch before we left town the next day. 
We were unable to book reservations on Friday or Saturday and tried walking in each night.  On Friday we got in line 10 minutes before they opened and were unable to be seated. On Saturday we arrived 30 minutes early and were the first in line. 
Having eaten in a number of restaurants this week I can say Irene's was my best experience, but everywhere in NOLA has made my mouth happy.I wish I could have liked this place. 
But somehow with an order of escargot and a steak, they managed to poison me pretty severely.
I have a pretty pronounced allergy to fish, the kind that can very easily kill me. We told this to our server up front, asking very specifically that no fish come in any contact with my food.
And yet, after the escargot, I was sick as can be. 5 trips to the bathroom to vomit, and not even so much as an apology from Irene's. When asked how things were, we informed them that I had been poisoned. Yet, according to our server, this was "impossible, its just garlic and snails." 
Yet there I was, throwing up, in extreme pain (8 out of 10) and having a hard time breathing. Our first night in New Orleans was ruined.
Best of all, no offer to refund any of the meal. Full price charge, and then a mile run to the nearest open shop with Benadryl. 
If you have allergies, don't do Irene's.Great little Italian restaurant. Piano bar. Great food, and friendly wait staff. I recommend the lasagna.There will be a wait (make a reservation a week in advanced). It will be crowded. It will be loud. It will be one of the best dining experiences you'll have in NOLA. From the low ceilings to the piano player to the small, elbow  to elbow dining room the atmosphere is excellent. The service is top notch and the food is spectacular. The filet is fantastic, the veal is ultra-tender, and the everything is consistent and high quality.There are probably better Italian restaurants where I live, and maybe even elsewhere in New Orleans, but everything I read before my trip basically said that having a meal at Irene's is one of the best dining experiences that one could have - of course, I had to give it a shot.  
We walked into Irene's as two completely under-dressed tourists who didn't have reservations, but yet we were still treated as if we were royalty.  We were seated immediately and told that our t-shirts and jeans were perfectly fine to wear.  We ordered a couple of drinks and the meatball appetizer and enjoyed the haimish atmosphere, the dark and romantic dining room, and the opportunity to reflect on what a great time we were having in New Orleans.  For our main courses, we ordered the soft shell crab and the fried eggplant - both were very good, but not as great as other reviewers say.  Like I said, I feel like I've had better Italian food before, but something about Irene's just makes everything about the meal and dining experience feel perfect.  It's upscale, but not pretentious; casual, but not disheveled; quirky, but not weird; mysterious, but not afraid to put itself out there.  After all, this is New Orleans - most things here have their own set of rules and aberrations.  With that being said, something about Irene's is just really kind of odd and it goes well beyond the actual food or decor.  I'm not sure exactly what it is.  It's like they know something that you don't know, like they know some kind of deep secret that they will never give up, like they are casting a spell on you as you're eating your meal, very carefully and secretly so it won't disrupt you as you eat.  Maybe this place is haunted?  Who knows...The first time we experienced Irene's was several years ago when we were walking down the street and smelled simething incredible.  They are a must do on our list for New Orleans now!  Make a reservation because they do get busy.  The food is incredible!  I personally prefer their lamb and duck.  The service is always phenominal!We had looked up many restaurants to go to in New Orleans and Irene's was on the top of the recommendation list from friends.
We waited for 30 minutes to sit down, but were in no rush. They have small tables in the back for people to wait with a drink before dinner, and there was live piano music to serenade you while you wait. Not too bad.
I started with the mussels, which were bathed in a great tomato sauce. Very flavorful. I ordered the pappardelle, which normally come with crab but they substituted it with shrimp. Really delicious. My friend is a vegetarian and they were very accommodating. She got spaghetti with tomato sauce and eggplant. Most places with give you something vegetarian, but here they really made a good meal given the restrictions of no meat. For desert, we got the cheesecake and the tiramisu. The cheesecake is definitely the way to go for desert.
The waiters were very attentive and chatty, but not too chatty. It was a really cool interior design and a great experience to have had in New Orleans. I highly recommend trying it!Fantastic!  Cocktails in the bar is a must before dinner. Meatballs to start. Crevette fish awesome. DO NOT pass on the cheese cake. Unbelievable! Our waiter Drew was greatThis was a great place to eat. We had about a 45 minute wait but we were very comfortable in the bar area and the staff in that area were always ready to take care of you.  I had the lemon basil martini which was wonderful. It was made with gin. I ordered the crevette and the fish was so moist and flavorful. I would definitely eat here again.The wait staff was hilarious and so fun. The food was insanely good. I had the soft shell crab special and tried two desserts. Absolutely wonderful dining experience.After hearing so very much from a variety of sources, I went, alone. ( bad idea)
And Waited, Waited, and finally after 1 hour was seated.
Great friendly service, less than stellar food at way too high pricing.  
Drink up and arrive with a group - its the only way to get through the evening of mediocre Italian 'styled' food.  I actually couldn't cut through the osso bucco.  Really bad prep for a braised meat which if prepared correctly need not any knife.
The restaurant tries to present an elegant intimate experience, but it really is more of a belly up to the bar expense account evening.  If that's the ride you want, then they will happily accept your $$$$.
There are certainly better ways to enjoy food in NOLA.