After today's lunch, Iris has moved to the top of my New Orleans favorites lists--no small feat in a city where restaurants are numerous and culinary competition is fierce. Iris excels in every area: food, drinks, service, atmosphere, location, music and overall graciousness. I made the reservation for 10-15 people, not knowing exactly how many in my party would show up. Iris pulled out all the stops to make sure everyone had comfortable seating and even prepared an overflow table for us. At no time did we feel jostled or rushed, which is a common fine dining concern. 
The layout of the restaurant allowed diners to move freely to and from the table and to exchange seats as needed. The music selection was fun and unique, ranging from the Magnetic Fields to Johnny Cash. It was also quiet enough to be enjoyed while allowing conversation to flow unimpeded. Our waiter had excellent timing and anticipated our every need. 
Though they don't have a full drink menu for lunch (I hear they have an amazing mixologist for the dinner hour) they do offer a selection of martinis and wines. One of the guests has accounts with several high-end bars in the Quarter, and the drink list passed his muster. Our table settled for Chardonnays, Perseco and chilled shots of Chartreuse, though I hear they have several types of absinthe as well. 
Our group began with slices of warm, heavenly bread that Iris bakes in house. We continued with an assortment of salads--I had the Hollygrove arugula with warm goat cheese, niçoise olives and balsamic vinaigrette. It was fresh perfection. A few of us opted for the mussels, which I heard were delicious. For my main course, I had a wonderful drum with onions prepared in a tangy soy reduction, which was an elegant complement for the fish. I also heard rave reviews about the gnocci and chicken. 
All the entrees were creatively arranged and selected, and at no point did I feel overwhelmed or that any fuss or pretense had gone into the food. I also appreciated that the portions were European-sized (it always makes me laugh when other Americans list too-small portion size as a complaint even when the food is well-prepared!). Iris prepares a lot of their basic ingredients in-house, and I appreciate that the kitchen makes a point of incorporating gulf fish and produce purchased from local, farmer-friendly markets. 
We settled on the prix fixe menu, which was $20 a person for appetizer, main course and the dessert of the day (the best strawberry sorbet I have had yet). With the added drinks and tip it came out to under $35 a person, which is an excellent price for such a delicious white-linen lunch. No matter the size of my group, I will definitely be returning!We ate at the bar on a Friday night, where the extremely charming bartender made us the best Manhattans I've ever had, using Carpano Antica Formula vermouth.  We ordered the lamb meatballs, which were okay, and the spring rolls, which were excellent. 
This is a perfect place to stop for a drink in the Quarter, if you need a nice civilized break.  The drinks were extremely expensive, but well worth it for the occasional night out.
The manager, Eric, could not have been more professional and friendly.  We will definitely go back.Bad experience!!  There was a large  loud party in the bar when we arrived.  We were told they would leave in 15 min. but they did not leave for 75 min.  If told the truth, we would not have stayed.  Only choices were to yell at your companion or not communicate.  Chosen wine not available and not offered another selection at the same price.  When we complained to the staff about the service and the noise, we were  made to feel like it was our fault and offered no sympathy or compensation.  The good food was ruined by the abysmal service and the noise.I came here with friends on a Fri or Sat night b/ Stella and Irene's Cuisine were full.  I couldn't be happier w/our luck.  
I made a meal of starters b/c none of the entrees were really firing me up.  I had the pork cheeks, the gnocchi, and the duck leg confit for a little less than $30.  The food was amazing and I was happy with everything.  The portions were very large (especially the duck).
This is a great choice if you want a change from seafood (though they have seafood as well) without spending a ton of money or waiting behind crowds of people.  Would definitely go backFood: mediocre. I ordered the steak frites "medium well" but it came practically burned and the steak part was the size of a hot dog, NOT at all like it looks in the yelp pictures!! The whole plate was just fries. 
Service: may have been the most annoying part. Our waiter took about 20 min to bring us some water, over forty minutes to bring the bread, didn't know what was in the drinks, and in general was not up to par for a "sophisticated" kind of restaurant. 
Ambiance: cool wall artI visited Iris in the French Quarter. It's a beautiful little place. The host and the waitstaff were attentive and professional. I had pork loin wrapped in bacon, and it was very good. My dessert, which involved salted caramel ice cream, was out of this world. Overall, a sweet night out.I wanted to love it so bad, but it fell short of my expectations.
PROS:
Bread presentation was amazing
Pork loin was so yummy. All the flavors on the plate complemented each other very well and you're filled without being stuffed
Drinks were phenomenal.
Desserts were a perfect portion and, although not unforgettable,  were a nice end to the meal. 
CONS: Service was not what I expected for the restaurant. It wasn't bad service,  but it wasn't outstanding either. Though I never felt rushed, I did feel intimidated by the waitress and she was very to thr point. It threw me off. I asked about different drinks and got short, brisk answers. 
The steak frittes: steak was chewy, in a full of fat and nerves way and seasoned poorly.I had heard Iris can pour you up any number of specialty cocktails, so I was disappointed the bar did not have the ingredients for my drink of choice, the bourbon cobbler. The mixologist had a little something special up her sleeve though and poured a creative, yummy apricot bourbon substitute beverage. All in the group of seven were pleased with their cocktail selection, with the exception of the dry martini. The food, however, was a bit a let-down. 
As what I'm learning is an unfortunate theme in this town, it was a bit expensive for the quality of the meal. My eggplant lasagna was warm at best with very little flavor to it. Fortunately (or unforuntunately, depending on how you see it) I had gorged on the cheese plate(s) and was already too full to have more than a few bites. My fellow diners agreed their meals were okay but not would probably not come back and order again. 
Conclusion: I would come back for the charming ambience and creative cocktails, but not stay for dinner.The building where Iris Restaurant is located could easily be mistaken for an apartments but the menu posted outside the window makes its presence known. The interior, while painted the same colors as the outside of the building, is a classy upscale but not stuffy atmosphere. Whether you're looking to wine and dine, cozy up on a first date or celebrate a romantic special occasion this restaurant is the place.
Our waitperson was a true professional and my trusted advisor throughout the evening. He interjected his opinion and made suggestions which is something a lot of waiters don't do but that I find welcoming. His suggested cocktail for the evening was either the Prickle or The Count. I ended up choosing The Count and I couldn't be happier with the choice. It wasn't what I would typically order but it was a exemplary choice and a well crafted cocktail.
I was so please with my first cocktail and curious about what our waitperson said was his favorite cocktail that I ordered the Prickle. This is a gin based drink and I don't drink gin. You could obviously taste the gin in the drink but its subtle sweetness and refreshing coolness made me like it.
Iris's menu is small with about 10 main choices but most of the dishes sounded so good I was having trouble choosing just one. I offered up my choice and out of my picks, our waitperson recommend the Duck Confit. The skin was perfectly crispy and the meat was moist beyond belief. Combine that with the corn and the sweetness of the peaches and you have a delectable dish.
My boyfriend ordered his usual steak in the form their Steak Frites. It was very tender and tasty. The foie gras-marrow butter was a brilliant touch and put this dish it over the top. The fries were incredible too, I reckon a Belgium would eat these fries and give them his/her stamp of approval.
We finished off the meal with the Chocolate Soufflé Pistachio Cake. It was rich, chocolaty yumminess but if I am not mistaken, this was not a soufflé (unless it was a fallen one) and more like a flourless cake. I liked it anyways and the nuts added some texture to the dessert.
Iris was flawless, I can't wait to come again!Phenomenal! In every aspect, service, food, decor.
While visiting New Orleans on business I found Iris on Yelp and gave it a shot...boy am I SO happy I did.  
We started with the potato gnocchi...out of this world! If it was a full order, I would have ordered one to go! It was hands down the best Gnocchi I've ever had! Cooked perfectly, with an amazing garlicky Parmesan sauce with wilted kale...superb!
For the main course we ordered the beef short rib and chicken breast.  Both were awesome! 
Everything on the dessert sounded delish! I (sadly) gave up chocolate for lent so we decided on the Lemon bar pudding...excellent! 
The service was wonderful and the decor was so charming. 
If i'm ever back in New Orleans, this is a MUST!First off, if you want to eat here. eat here while you can, it is closing the end of May 2014. A new place called Latitude 29 is opening up in it's place. 
Our group sampled each others fare and all arrived at pretty much the same conclusion, they have quite trying or their cooking staff may have left already. Way too pricey for the quality of the food here. The quantity is fine, it is the quality that was lacking.Great food, great service. Right portion size and the chef got the flavor right! Also, the waitress is so nice to bring me different wines to try first when I cannot decide.Ate here last weekend and it was a great experience. The staff was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable, and the food and wine selections were fantastic.  Mussels appetizer was great as well as the duck confit salad.  Lamb osso bucco and steak frites were amazing, and the strawberry tart and poached pear were the perfect end to a wonderful meal. I would definitely go again in a heartbeat, AND it's in the heart of the quarter and parking is right across the street. There is even a cute bar area and apparently some great cocktails and a different bar menu. It doesn't get much better than this!Awesome food, service and ambiance. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and professional. The fish that I had was perfectlt vooked and attractively presented. Couldn't have asked fo a better meal!We went for a 5 course pre fixe NYE special and it was delicious! All the dishes were unique, fresh and tasty. Not to mention the glorious cocktails.I'm sure the food is very good here, but this review is for the booze. And more specifically for the booze-master, Alan Walter.  Mr. Walter is a God among bartenders to the point that he scarcely warrants that title. Say the word "guitarist" and picture a highly competent mulleted gentleman teaching you Clapton riffs.  Then listen to Jimi Hendrix.  This is basically what I'm talking about in the "bartender : Alan Walter" department.  Or, for pianists, a listenable John Cage.  I really don't know.  All I can say is that the drinks at Iris are not just well made standards given to you in a big frosty glass.  Nor are they part of that zombie (in that it will not DIE) trend of vodka+exotic flavors somehow = "XYZ Martini."  No. The drinks at Iris are positively avant-garde and even more delicious than they are strange.
I'm sure this all sounds like hyperbole of the most Internety sort, so you'll just have to head over there.This restaurant's rating probably suffers a bit more than it should because I was expecting to be wowed and I wasn't. Anyway, the interior is gorgeous, I love the fresh flowers and the walls of pickled vegetables.
The have a fantastic cocktail list, in fact, if i ever come back, it will be to sit at the bar and have a drink, albeit a very expensive one.  My appetizer, pork belly with a shaved vegetable salad, was very good and dressed with an incredible vinaigrette. My BF had something else that I forgot as it wasn't very memorable. As far as entrees, they all sounded fine but nothing really grabbed me. I ordered the pork, which was okay. The only standout was a fried sweet potato patty it was served with. Besides what I thought to be a not very inspired menu, the plate presentation was weak. Everything was the same color. I know that's nitpicky but it's an expensive place and I want the food to look and taste beautiful.
Our desserts (creme bruleee and a chocolate cake) were very rich, too rich for my boyfriend so I was forced to finish them for us.  No espresso, I really hate that at nice restaurants. French press is good but it's not espresso, plus it was so weak I could practically see through it.  I wasn't displeased with our dinner but I would much rather go somewhere else for the amount of money we paid.Wow! What a cool place! I took my friend, and we loved it... from the food to the atmosphere, everything was top notch! The gnocchi appetizer was amazing! We loved the mint green walls and the wallpaper, so cute! Also- drinks were yummy too! Our waiter was super cool.Had high expectaions aftere eating the amuse bouche , a piece of grouper served over a Thai style papaya salad, and the duck confit salad. Unfortunately the entrees did not deliver. My  fish was way overcooked on a bed of undercooked lentils, and my husbands lamb was so salty we could not finish it. 
We ate outside by the pool, and that was very pleasant.Went here on the recommendation of a friend who used to live here. Very pretty place, the back room and the patio are very quiet, the front room is the nicest room, but there's quite a bit of noise from the bar. Then again, this is New Orleans, so noise is par for the course. Now for the best part: the food! We decided to share 2 apps- the cheese platter and the salumi platter. ALL of the salumi are made by the chef on premises. Both plates come with various pickles and mustard, also made by the chef. Each meat and each cheese had its own wonderful flavor. These are specials, so if you see them on the menu, get them! For entrees, my husband had the Steak Frites - a very tender perfectly cooked hanger steak with fois gras butter and a mountain of fries. I had the Gulf Shrimp with Bok Choy in Coconut Brothwith ginger, tiny pickled mushrooms and some kind of dried flower. The shrimp were tender pearls in this sea of flavor. Indescribably good. For dessert we had the Kaffir Lime Panna Cotta (which was a good complement after the srhimp dish) and the Chocolate Souffle Cake, which was very good but not as complex as the panna cotta. Portions of all courses were fairly sized too. I just had a glass of a dry white wine with dinner, so I can't comment on the wine list. There was a special cocktail menu, but the drinks on that night seemed to be mostly about gin, which I don't like--I'm sure fans of gin will find something to suit, though. The service was polite, efficient and not obtrusive. Can't say enough nice things about this place. It's on the small side inside the Bienville House, so reservations are a must. With tip our dinner cost $135 for the 2 of us, given the ambience, service and excellent food, this is a bargain.Perhaps we would have enjoyed this restaurant if it had not been our last dinner in New Orleans - after days of heavy indulgences. Additionally, coming from San Francisco, we were not really looking for a California twist on the cuisine. Compared to the other meals we had had, no one was very excited by the menu.
The waitstaff was very friendly and accommodating to our large group, although the drink service was pretty slow. We enjoyed all of our appetizers, but I would really strongly advise against getting the duck confit main course. Everyone found the duck to be far, far too salty. I should have paid more attention to Marcy S.'s review!Mediocre at best for "fine dining."  Uppity L.A. attitude from wait staff, which is so NOT New Orleans. I had the hanger steak, which was so tough it practically warranted use of a Skil-saw.  There were lentils surrounding the steak that were hard as rocks.  No thanks, never again.  I've been there twice- the first time wasn't much better. There are too many excellent restaurants in this town for this to be acceptable.Not sure about the food, since I just stopped here for a few drinks but I can vouch for mixologist Scot's skills about making drinks and his hospitality skills.
I ordered a cucumber basil martini while my wife struggled with what to get. In her indecisiveness, Scot just whips her a drink on the house to get her started. Smooth move, Scot, because you know we're cool and we'll give you a nice tip.
We ordered assorted cocktails for a couple of hours and got to know Scot and his staff as well. I'll admit I'm not all that big into cocktails, but you could tell the guy is passionate about his job just how he gushes over the details of his homemade bitters and any drink you ask him about.
Definitely worth a stop, just to have a drink and shoot the breeze with Scot.The restaurant was modern, tasteful and unique.  The food was delicious, delectable, and mouth-watering!!  The cocktails..... in a league of their own.  Exotic and ambrosial.... the best I've ever had.  If you're thinking about trying Iris, don't hesitate.  Absolutely my favorite place in New Orleans. :)When i found this place on yelp i was excited. When i left this place i was excited to get back home and tell everyone who is ever thinking about going to New Orleans to go here. Bourbon St. just isn't my thing. Great cocktails and food IS!! The service was off the charts. All anyone wanted to do is help you...get the food you wanted or drink you wanted. It is or was or i thought was connected to a hotel, but the pic that is on here is not the door i went into, but the name and address are correct. So maybe i went in the wrong entrance.  Go here for at least one dinner if not every meal you are hear for. Try a cocktail or 9 and order everything on the menu. I'm telling you it won't get better.
Matsbaseballtrip.blogspot.comSmall almost undiscovered gem in the French Quarter.  The chef works well with fresh ingredients artfully prepared and presented.  First class wine list for such a small place.  There is a true mixologist in the house.  Come early and have a coctail.  You will be pleased.  This guy really knows his coctails.  The host is a great source for wine information.  Well versed, but not intrusive.  We will be back.I am SO sad to hear that Iris has closed.  One of my favorite restaurants :(upon arrival, we were probably the only table next to the big top during a cocktail convention, so it was kind of bad indicator. But it wasn't. I am glad that we ended up staying.
The service and food were amazing :) Not knock your socks amazing, but great for a hotel restaurant. It actually reminded me of pacific northwest food, so it wasn't that much of a representative of new orleans. But I must say that I am totally into drum fish now. totally missing that local white fish right now.
All in all, it was delicious and the service was amazing. But I guess it's because everyone in every restaurant in n.o. is nice. I love it!!! 
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone :)Didn't even realize Iris was open for lunch until I saw the hours posted on Yelp.  Went with a friend (also a local) to try out their lunch menu.  Portions were more than generous for a $20 lunch prix fixe that included various meat, fish and veggie options.  Started out with a salad.  Very fresh, and included delicious fresh shrimp.  For lunch, we both had a piece of fish with a differently prepared set of shrimp on top.  Also excellent.  Topped off the meal with a sizable portion of sorbet.  Not too shabby.   And then had coffee prepared in a french press.  All in all, great service, great price, and in and out within an hour.  Good for downtown lunch if you want something close to the quarter but not in the quarter (and clean).So I am back dating this review, as I went there in December and finally decided to join Yelp. I use it all the time and felt it was now the time to contribute to it.
 So back to Iris, where I dined with my friend before the holidays. The ambience and decor was cozy, warm, and inviting. The service was excellent, with attention to detail (my water glass was always full) and a great attitude. The staff was also fat on answering any questions and giving comments. Now on to the food....the food was good overall. I had an appetizer of butternut squash ravioli with brown butter sauce and the duck entree. My biggest complaint, which makes me slightly question returning, is that both dishes were under seasoned. It left me somewhat disappointed. Then we split dessert, a flour less chocolate cake which left something to be desired. I felt like they simply took it out of the box in the freezer. Due to my above comments, I am on the fence with this place. I truly believe the potential is there because nothing was too awful, but under seasoning kills me! But great service makes me happy. So in conclusion, I would give it a whirl if you need something new to try out and make your own conclusions....maybe you'll have a perfectly seasoned dish.Our server was a dud!!!  He started out OK, but as the meal progress, the service tapered down to nonexistent.  We hardly ever saw him and he was extremely slow at clearing our plates.  He didn't even talk or acknowledge us when he dropped off the check, picked it up, then redelivered it.  No "Bye" or "Thanks" - nada!  At least the Maitre D had great customer service.  His winning attitude helped to balance our horrible experience at the table.
The cocktails are very inventive, but the flavor profiles are hit or miss depending on your tastes.  Tried the Todo Bien and the Western Disguise and preferred the latter.  The veal sweetbread with risotto and shitake mushrooms was good.  The duck confit salad came with a huge piece of the duck hind quarter, but the greens were a little over dressed.  The steak came with lots of delicious, parmesan frites that were crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside.  The foie gras marrow butter was spectacular but the steak itself was just OK.  The plating of the pork loin dish was clunky.  The kale had a great texture, but everything on the plate had a hint of ginger. 
Might come back for the food and unique cocktails, but not if the service doesn't improve.  I thought this was the South?!Delicious food! The owner Laurie is always helpful with a wonderful wine pairing. The mixologist has house drinks that you just can't find anywhere else.Ate on a Saturday with my wife.  Food was good but the service had poor attitudes all night.  Our pony tailed 55 year old waiter was a jerk all night.  Our tab for 2 was over $150 and it felt like a waste after the way we were treated.  Food was good and I can see why the reviews are mainly positive.The restaurant is soothing and really nice.  Quiet, so not good for big/loud groups.  I had the bruschetta and it was delish.  But there was only 1 piece of toast!  I couldn't even share with my dinner pal.  Then I had the grilled grouper served with purple hulls peas.  The peas weren't cooked all the way and they were served in an off tasting vinegar-type sauce.  The fish was fine but that's about all I can say...
Overall, it's something to try.  Doubt I'll be going back.Chef Ian knows w-t-f he is doing here: Making incredible cuisine that leaves you fully satisfied and grateful you made the choice to be there.
Cocktails were fantastic, and the barstaff is knowledgable and quite friendly.
Great service - on top of it, but not fussy
Pricey, but totally worth it
Impressive menu - everything is awesome: the food, cocktails, wine list, desserts... We were pleased to see Italian reds and grappa. 
I'm a local, and this is officially my favorite. Why did it take me so long to catch on? I can't wait to bring my parents here.Came here on a Friday night when a few other restaurants could not accommodate a party of 5, upon calling they quickly said they could fit us in. When we arrived at 6:45 the restaurant was slightly slow but, full at the bar. Excellent classy-southern style atmosphere. We were seated in a quiet corner with impeccable service. The small, intriguing new American menu suited all pallets with a twist of traditional New Orleans gulf seafood with comfort-food flare. Known for their impressive cocktails, the whole table ordered their 2 specials: a rye cocktail and Cointreau cocktail, these were delish albeit expensive. I ordered the lemon-fish which came with kale and a sweet corn reduction, I could have licked that bowl clean. Some of my colleagues ordered the drum with a spicy glaze which they said was fantastic as well. By the time we left, the restaurant was packed. Overall, a great experience.Can't speak on main courses but the cocktails were excellent as well as the lamb arancini, short rib bucatini & sweetbreads.Fabulous food, wonderful bar, great service. Very accommodating to a picky vegetarian! The drinks are super fancy schmancy, to the point I had no idea what some of the ingredients even were, but I quickly learned to trust in the mixologists and go with it.I am giving 3 stars as the food is quite good, but that is about it.  Perhaps we had a bad experience, but our service was so bad I will not be going back.  My wife, myself, and another couple went Saturday night for dinner and were expecting to be blown away given all the good reviews.  While living here we have all heard great things about iris.  Specifically, we have heard the cocktails are good.  While they may be tasty, they also take 40 minutes to receive.  
We were greeted by our server who filled our water glasses and handed us some menus.  We did not see her again for a solid 15 minutes, after which we had to ask another server to please get her.  She took our drink order which then took another 20 minutes to complete.  All the while she had a poor attitude and we still hadn't ordered.  I am all for a slow paced meal, but feel a cocktail is needed to bide the time.  We were basically sitting there drinking water for 40 minutes, no bread, no appetizer, and worst of all no smiles.  
An hour in and we finally started to receive some food.  The food itself was quite good.  I will say that we all enjoyed our appetizer and meal.  Not one of us was disappointed in the food.  When it came time to order a second cocktail I did receive it much quicker.  I thought things were getting better, but it came in a plastic cup.  They had ran out of cocktail glasses.  Amateur hour if you ask me.  I am not sure how this happens.  
The final blow of the evening came during dessert.  A member of our party ordered a cup of coffee with his dessert.  The coffee arrived about 10 minutes after the dessert had arrived.  Poor planning in my opinion.  
Sadly, I do not think we will be returning to iris.  While these instances may seem nit picky, keep in mind that they are supposed to be a restaurant for classier dining.  If you provide Applebee's service, you should charge Applebee's prices. However, they are charging for premier dining and supplying a sub-par experience.  There are better places to go in my opinion, all within walking distance.Excellent! Great service, drinks, food, and atmosphere!
Try the pork cheeks appetizer. :)
All around a great Experience. Highly recommend!
We have tried LOTS of the local restaurants in  NOLA since we moved here 5 years ago and Iris definitely rates as one of the best!We were looking for a nice bar for cocktails and appetizers, and the cocktail tour app we were following led us here. Perfect!! The cocktails were wonderfully crafted (the menu changes a lot, but their gin fizz was amazing), the food excellent, and the atmosphere inviting. We'll be back for dinner soon.I was perplexed about the rating to give this on account of the inconsistency of the dishes.  Two three-stars-if-I'm-feeling-generous appetizers, and then two absolutely stellar entrees.  Top that off with a pleasant ambiance and stellar service tipped this into four star territory.  
I came here with a friend last Friday for dinner & luckily they were able to take us without reservations (indeed the restaurant seemed maybe just over half full).  My friend started with lamb meatballs in tomato sauce, which were unexciting if not terrible (think one of the better options in the grocery store frozen section).  I had the arugula salad, which was suprisingly bad.  I liked how all of the ingredients tasted together but the salad was overdressed & the arugula was bitter & seemed to be all stems.  Maybe not as fresh as it should have been?
Given the underwhelming start we were thrilled to get fabulous main courses.  My friend had the duck, which was perfectly cooked & tender, and I had the shrimp in a coconut curry sauce.  The (steamed?) bok choy here were great but the shrimp were some of the best I've ever had, tender, slightly sweet, rich and flavorful.
We skipped dessert due to time constraints but overall I think I would come back since this was really a pleasant evening overall & for myself I'd prefer to eat some less than great dishes and have a few that are sublime than settle for pretty good throughout.I kept my promise and went back to Iris with my crew for Jazz Fest second year in a row and it was just as amazing as I remembered!! They accommodated our large group an hour after our reservation since part of our group hit traffic driving into NOLA. Amazing speedy service and same consistent great food!!! Thanks Laurie! We'll be back next year :)A small place, so the menu is limited in comparison to the larger establishments in town. The quality is excellent., you won't be disappointed. The wine steward knows his stuff.  You can get a table on a weekend. Hard to find though. Hidden in a hotel with no Iris signage.Since this food-forward bistro moved from their humble digs in Pigeon Town to the stately Vieux Carre, their cuisine has elevated along with the real estate (and more elegant interiors). Iris was great in its infancy, but now it regularly amazes with both its cuisine and its very serious cocktails.
This is another restaurant that can place a few exquisite ingredients on a plate with minor interference from the kitchen yet still impresses-just try the burrata mozzarela crostini with creole tomato, zucchini and eggplant.My flounder with kale, silver queen corn broth,edamame, cherry tomatos and grilled onions was summer in a plate, both complex in the interplay of acid/sweet/buttery and simply satisfying. The vegetable lasagna is made with fresh ricotta and that seemingly bland ingredient makes all the difference in the world.
Desserts rotate constantly and are very seasonal and always top notch.we went there for Valentine's day, and they had a set menu. I had the duck cannelloni and roasted lamb. They were amazing!! The cannelloni was saucy, and the cherry tomatoes that came with it were a perfect match for the flavor of the duck. The lamb was cooked beautifully, with a little bit of pink in the middle. The only thing i didn't like there were the snap peas that came with lamb. They didn't take the strings out of the sides, so it was chewy. I'm big on vegetable being crisp, so I left all the peas. But other than that, it was a pleasant meal.Highly recommended. Extremely pleasant meal with wife in the courtyard at sunset. She had osso bucco, I had the black drum. Both uniquely and wonderfully prepared with sauces, vegetables. Great restaurant in a great city.Every time I go to IRIS  it seems to get better .  The cocktails  are creative and surprising combinations that mostly succeed.  The classic New Orleans cocktails are perfect.   I love the Gnocchi,  The foie gras is divine. Try the Niman Lamb and the local fish preparations.
Special care is taken for all the vegetable preparations which compliment the entree's perfectly.
The staff is so great.  It seems like they have kept the same people for awhile which in this case is a good sign.  Pleasant, helpful yet unobtrusive. 
Whenever people ask me for a recommendation, more and more IRIS is the goto suggestion.  Low key like a local place with cuisine like a premier restaurant.Great place for food and serious cocktails in the French Quarter. Restaurant is small, but very hip. Everything we ate was excellent. The wIne list is very good, but the real drink stars here are the delicious cocktails as it is very hard to find good cocktails in NOLA.
Only downsides were our waiter sucked (but we didn't let that dampen our spirits), and also we had to wait 15 minutes to be seated even with a reservation and some empty tables - may have been a ploy to get us to drink more (it worked).
However I'm glad to see that NOLA is finally getting a hipper dining and cocktail scene.The food was great.  The atmosphere is cozy.  The location is great.  I would recommend eating at Iris.I wish we had time in our very short visit to New Orleans to eat at Iris, but we did have time for a drink at the bar.  All I can say is WOW!  The bartender at Iris is genius!  Our group tried three different original cocktails and each was better than the next.  Do not miss this bar!The $20 prixe fixe is a great deal for lunch.   The smoked pork sandwich with sriracha aioli,  pickled onions, and a side of fries was delicious.   The hangar steak salad with pickled eggplant was also incredible.   Highly recommended!First, the whole experience is lovely and you would not believe you are steps away from the frenetic Bourbon Street melee. Iris is serenely beautiful and charming. 
And while I wanted to give it 5 stars, I decided its really a 4.5 star.  The half off is because the 2 wines by the glass we had were just "so-so".  Everything else was delightful!
The chef-driven menu is pitch-perfect  The amuse bouche was fresh and fun - just as you would except.  My starter was the most exquisite tuna tartar I have ever had ..paired with thin slices of radishes, arugula and cheese.
Mains included a flounder with a great combination of pickled vegetables and roasted potatoes.  My dinner mate had the duck confit and was very happy. 
The dessert we split was a yummy poached pear with cream with a side of salted caramel ice cream.  We.Ate.Every.Bite.
Go to Iris, enjoy the simple surroundings and the respite from the cacophony of the French Quarter and be delighted in the unobtrusive service and simple, but delish fare.the service is the worst.. many other great spots to eat pass on this one..  food is just ok...  but Great for drinks!Very friendly service, good cocktails. I came with a party of 9 and we were seated in the front.  For most places, it would have been a high traffic area but at Iris, there weren't too many other diners around and it was actually pretty quiet, which was nice.  
Desserts were ok (I think we got chocolate creme brûlée and the apple galette). My main entree was the lamb cooked two ways (braised and on the shank). Lamb was not very gamey, which I liked, and seasoned and cooked nicely. The braise was soft and tender and the steak was a perfect rare. They serve a salsa or ratatouille with it but it felt inconsequential. I think I just ate it with the braised meat like a stew. As for the other dishes, it sounded like everyone else in my group liked what they got and people were pretty happy with the meal. 
Nice, clean decor, which seems to contrast most of what I saw in NOLA. On the pricier side but a perfectly good meal.Iris was a very good experience, from the atmosphere to the people. There were a few glitches along the way, but nothing disastrous, and nothing that would keep me away.
The room: Great, intimate, clean dining area, thoughtfully separated from the bar by a glass partition on the side. Even if the place were full, it would not hold too many diners, so quality control should be excellent.
The restaurant had blissfully low sound levels, and diners dressed for the place.
The setting: Tablecloths and silver were perfectly clean, as were the glasses. 
The service: We had quite a wait for one of their specialty cocktails; after that, service was flawless. Courses arrived without rushing and without long delays. The three of us were served simultaneously. Everything was as ordered.
The hostess was pleasant and cheery. I felt welcomed.
The waitress never let our water run out.
The food: Entrees we had were the drum and the shrimp. My shrimp was a bit overcooked but fresh, served in a great coconut broth. The drum was better, also served in a large bowl with good additions, and cooked to perfection.
The apps were also good, but the mussels were served in a broth that really didn't work with them its black fettucini was ok. Our bresaola was well-sliced, red, and fresh; it was delicious.
The bread was fresh and tasty, although a bit skimpy. It disappeared quickly and was not refilled.
The wine list, also good, leans toward bottles, with limited glass selections. But the cortese paired nicely with the shrimp.
We passed on dessert but had coffee, which was a letdown. It was served in small presses but was weak and watery. Since I don't order coffee in restaurants that often, it didn't matter much in the end.
Overall a very nice meal, and I would go back to try some of their other dishes.OK, first of all, Iris has NOT closed.  They have, however, MOVED to a larger location in the French Quarter.  Chef Ian Schnoebelen and Maitre d'Hotel Laurie Casebonne are still here, and still running a beautiful place -- now within (sort of) the Bienville Hotel.
The new room is warm and bathed in a soft golden light that comes from both electric- and candlelight, and there is an outdoor patio.  Given the warm evening, we opted for the patio.
We dined here the evening of Thursday, 13 November.  The restaurant had just received the liquor license for the new location a day or two before, so we began with a bottle of 2005 Pouilly-Fuisse, Larochette-Manciat.  
The restaurant began with an amuse bouche of bacon and eggs.  OK, OK, it was chorizo and a quail egg, and it was DELICIOUS!  Then, Lynn ordered the Gulf Shrimp in a pepper-and-tomato broth with pickled ramps, and tapenade crostini (truly delightful!), while I enjoyed the Veal Cheek Ravioli, served in a wild mushrooms and cream sauce (while the flavor was very good, the pasta itself was a little "too" al dente, bordering on tough).  
For our entrees, I ordered a bacon-wrapped loin of rabbit, that -- again -- was delicious, moist, and flavorful.  Lynn had the monkfish fillet with bok choy and a citrus vinegarette that was superb.
For dessert, we shared an amazing Meyer lemon tart with a drizzle of basil oil, and a glass of 2002 Domaine Baumard Quarts du Chaume.
So . . . why only four stars?  Why not five?  Well, it was certainly NOT  the fault of the waiter, who was pretty close to perfect:  attentive without being smothering; helpful without being either condescending or snooty; friendly without being "my new best friend."
No, four stars because -- as good as our meal was -- it was missing that certain spark, that certain "je ne sais quois," that made it transcend the very good and rise to the superb, memorable dining experience that lives n the mind -- if not forever, then at least for a year or so . . . .
But Iris is firmly in my "highly recommended" list of New Orleans restaurants, and it wouldn't surprise me if it were a five-star experience on our next visit.I really like this place! Great small plates, creative cocktails, nice wine selection and great ambiance.What a swanky and classy way to get my drink on!  Iris is both a bar and restaurant, and while I can't speak for the food, the drinks are divine!  
The bartender really took his time with each drink, and he made recommendations to both of us.  He seemed both knowledgeable about his craft, and I liked the pride he had in the drinks he invented.  Try the sangria, it is unlike any other sangria I've had.  It was much more bold, like a glass of wine, than the fruity, girly concoction I'm used to.
My husband had a drink that was salty, but it was supposed to be salty!  The bartender explained that he was inspired by Japanese food and sake, and now I am at a loss for what else he said...but the drink was different in a very good way!  I would have trusted him to whip up something for me without telling me what it was.
Iris is located inside of a hotel, but you can't miss their signage from the street.  One of my favorite hotel bars in New Orleans, and truly awesome drinks worth the price.We went here for drink and an appetizer at the bar. The bartenders were very with it and professional. We got the Mexicali Rose cocktail which was dynamite. They have all kinds of fresh ingredients that they use in their drinks...great stuff. The appetizers we got were the salad rolls (they were pretty good, and we also got some ceviche (which I might not wanna order again)...but for drinks and good atmosphere it was right on.I really wanted to give this place a higher rating for a number really great things they did well....like
1) the host/sommelier was extremely nice upon on our arrival, helped us in picking a good wine that wasn't incredibly over priced and helped in our menu selections also 
2) our waitress was so cute and attentive eventhough I'm fairly sure she had a few too many tables 
3) the other waitstaff (bread, removal of items, pouring wine) were jovial and seemed to really enjoy their jobs
4) the non-salted butter and sea salt with bread, is a perfect presentation (in my opinion)
5) my sweetbreads appetizer was one of the best preparations of sweetbreads I've had in New Orleans (including R'evolution)
BUT there was one thing that, during the meal I thought not that big of a deal, but essentially ruined everything else in retrospect.
My main dish, the duck confit was meant for horses...in that it tastes like a salt lick!!  I'm not someone to shy away from salt (to my bloated dismay many mornings) but this was inedible.  The beautiful crisp skin was lost completely and even after trying the duck under the skin, I realized that they must have used too much salt in a brine solution because you could not get around it anywhere.
Luckily I was able to snatch a few bites of my date's dish, the short rib.  I was happy to have tasted this dish because eventhough I dispise coconut, it only added a slight sweet flavor to the Moroccan spiced meat.
With so many wonderful restaurants in New Orleans, I doubt I'll be back to Iris...unfortunately.So excited to have found a new place to enjoy great food! 
We started off with the appetizer special, seared tuna with a cucumber salad! So delicious, the tuna was perfectly seared with a pepper crust and a very light and refreshing cucumber salad. Perfect start. 
We ordered the steak frites and duck confit with pork belly. I don't know what special magic they have but no one does steak like the french, it was juicy, perfectly seasoned and the frites were amazing, crispy, salty and cheesy. The duck confit was also amazing, the crust was very tasty and the rest of the leg was juicy. The pork belly was also very tasty, i just wish it had been a little crispier. 2 very strong recommendations to what you should order for dinner. 
We ended the evening with a the cayanne chocolate creme brûlée...Don't be scared of the cayenne. Its not spicy in the conventional sense but you end each bit with a warm and deep taste. 
If you haven't been able to tell...I had a great evening and it was a wonderful dinner. 
Great spot if you want to have a really nice date night, a little more expensive but worth every penny. 
Buen Provecho!What an awesome way to start to our Jazz Fest weekend in NOLA! If you are going with a group (or if you are really thirsty) I strongly recommend you let Scott the bartender whip you up a fancy shmancy punch bowl. He will customize it based on the liquors and flavors you like. We had one with vodka infused with strawberries and jalapenos, some other ingredients, prosecco! I wish I had the skills to make it for myself at home! 
For dinner, I recommend the gnocchi, mussels, and pretty much everything on the menu. Great food, great drinks, great service, I will DEFINITELY be back during my next trip to NOLA!After not being able to get into Bayona or Nola, we ended up at Iris. The room was very cozy, I enjoyed the color of the light green walls, and lighting, not too dark which I like.
We were given an amuse bouche of calamari salad...waaayy too much lime, too tough to chew, not a good way to start off our meal.
For app. I was btwn the gnocchi and the quail salad, the waiter advised he felt the quail salad was better...not good. My quail didn't have much flavor, the dressing on the salad was bitter, and the walnuts/pecans (couldn't really tell which it was), some were burnt from being toasted, and some were not toasted at all, it was just a big mess.
Stan got the veal cheek ravioli for his app. and like Jason states, yes the flavor was good but the ravioli was waaaay too al dente.
for my entrée I got the lamb tenderloin w/ goat cheese ravioli and 'mixed vegetables' (it was more like ratatouille which I didn't get) - not bad, but nothing special.
Stan got the grouper which he really liked. I tasted it and I thought it was very tasty, not fishy at all. 
For dessert we shared the poached pear w/ salted caramel ice cream - eck, I didn't get the salt at all. I did like the pear w/ cream tho.
I don't know, maybe we ordered the wrong things? I really wanted to like this place. the waiter was very nice, and liked the atmosphere, I just didn't have much luck on the food.I love the relaxing atmosphere at this classy restaurant.  The staff is really nice and you feel like you're eating dinner at home - a classy, more expensive home than mine.  Plus the parking lot across the street makes parking really easy (and they will comp the first hour off your bill), I usually write off eating in the quarter for parking reasons alone.  
I'm always a fan of places that serve bread and butter but there was a kind or two I didn't care for.  The Buratta Mozzarella Crustini was good but the tomatoes weren't so fresh.  I decided to go crazy and get steak - hey, it was my birthday, never mind that I'm normally a vegetarian.  And they didn't have a vegetarian option on the menu, but I also didn't ask.  Anyways, the steak came with a huge helping of yummy, crispy fries, and a big old pat of foie gras-marrow butter.  I should mention that we also ordered a chocolate (ganache, I think?) cake that was good but wasn't the best I've had.  
Yes, just writing out everything that was eaten is making me a little nauseous.  Lay off me, it was my birthday.  I had a good experience here but next time I'll know I need to share my food.  
I should mention that my friend had the duck and really liked it.Some of the city's best cocktails are served here at Iris. Located inside the Bienville House Hotel this is truly one of the city's best bars. The cocktails here are creative and made with great care and attention to detail. As a bartender myself I appreciate a well-made drink and look actively for bars that stand out. Iris has some wonderful bartenders who are knowledgeable and personable. 
This review is based solely on the bar. Try their Rosemary Melon Cooler (vodka, cantaloupe, watermelon) or the Basil Cucumber Martini. Both are stellar!!
Iris' bar would be a 5-star review if they had a more extensive wine selection. It is pretty limited. FYI: the atmosphere at the bar is rather quiet. If you like a more lively bar scene (I do most of the time) than this may not be the best bar for you to spend hours at. But if you want incredibly well-made and delicious cocktails then Iris is hard to beat.Was in NOLA for our 17th wedding anniversary.  Concierge at the Ritz recommended Iris for our special night.  Very close to bourbon st., but off the beaten track enought to make it special.  They have spent considerable time concocting some great cocktails at the bar so make sure you get there early to have a drink before dinner.  Food was wonderful and the ambiance and service just as good.  Would definitely return on our next trip.I ate here a few days ago after a day of walking tours and hanging out in the quarter.  I was staying at the Bienville House and the thought of having dinner and being a few steps from my room was very enticing.  The ambiance at Iris is nice - dim and soothing, but the restaurant was pretty empty for a Thursday night.
My first course was a smoked duck salad which was very nice and frankly, the best dish that I was served.  I ordered the Wahoo as the main course and the dish arrived quite overcooked.  The best part of the evening though was when a little mouse came scampering through the dining room.  When I mentioned it to staff as an "oh by the way" I was advised to take it up with the mayor!  Yikes!  
There is so much excellent food to eat in New Orleans.  I'll take my money somewhere else next time.  Snarkiness is not cool.Iris is located on a nondescript little stretch of Decatur but the decor is nice, service was outstanding, and the food & drink were very good.  We'll definitely be back.
Among other things Iris is a perfect place to dine if you're going to the House of Blues for a show, it's about a block away and I'm positive the food is much better than the HOB.  Dinner started with a nice little amuse bouche and then hot homemade bread was brought to the table along with perfectly room temperature salted butter.  Great start.  We then received our cocktails which were very nice and within the fairly large wine list found a great value 2010 Rex Hill Pinot Noir in half bottle format for only $26.  After living in Oregon I have to say 2010 is shaping up to be one of my favorite vintages and even Rex Hill made some pretty darn nice wine in 2010.  Anyway, in terms of the food we started with pasta including the gnocchi which were excellent including some nice spice from chorizo and the squash "tortelloni" which would be more accurately described as large ravioli but were house-made pasta with tasty filling in a nice (if overly generous) brown butter sauce.  I love places that make their own pasta & gnocchi in-house so this was a pretty good way to start the meal.
For main courses we ended up going with a duck confit salad - which was plenty large for an entree - in addition to a duck breast Main course so we ended up with duck 2 ways.  The salad was good on its own and had an entire large confit duck leg on top which might have been slightly too crispy on the outside for my taste but that's just nitpicking, both the duck confit and the accompanying salad were very tasty.  The duck breast was cooked well and very tender but for some reason the dish just didn't have quite as much flavor or textures as I thought it would.  Don't get me wrong, it was still a pretty good dish (which went perfectly with the Pinot Noir) but I was hoping for more of a wow factor on our only Main course.  All of the food was good, but the gnocchi was the only dish with much of a wow factor which is why I have to round down to 4 stars for the moment and see if future visits bump it up to 5.
Clearly Iris has a solid kitchen and great attention to detail including some of the better service I've had in NOLA recently.  It rarely seems to be packed so Iris appears to be a nice under-the-radar option in the Quarter for those who might be looking for a last minute restaurant reservation.  I would put it in the genre of Meauxbar and Cafe Amelie also located in the French Quarter which have nice upscale atmosphere and very good food.  That's pretty good company.