Lots and lots of mostly fried seafood. Surprisingly expensive for a working class joint. It's the kind of place a dock worker would take his family for a fancy meal and not feel out of place. And it's definitely a New Orleans sort of experience. But the food isn't that great.Jack Dempsey's is an old school seafood gem in a neighborhood of new school options. A ninth ward hold out from another era- unpretentious, authentic, and delicious. Their servings are huge. Get the gumbo with a side of potato salad.Great neighborhood place. They fry up some good food and their Mac and cheese is super yummy!It's old school food where the locals eat...That's always a good sign plus it's been open forever so I am pretty sure that means they are doing something right. Make sure you are hungry when you come here because they aint scared to fill the plate with plenty of food. Had the seafood plater and WOW they piled on the fried goods!!! The service is quick and prices are very reasonable. Will go back when I am in town again. Remember it's not diet food.Food was actually quite good, and the place has definite New Orleans style and character that I like.  The service was quite poor, though.  I usually read reviews complaining about service with a huge grain of salt and tend to ignore them as coming from whiners who find fault everywhere.  But when I took my family to Jack Dempsey's this weekend, it was the worst service I have had in years.  Inattention, getting the order wrong, very long delays while the waitress was clowning around with old friends at another table (which was not even her table).  I won't be going back, which is a shame because I liked the place and the fried seafood was well above average.Alrighty. I live right next to this place and decided to grab something to eat for lunch there because I felt obligated after being here for half a year just about and I must say that it left so many things to be desired.
First off I noticed the hours are just weird. There is no rhythm of reason for the shifting of hours that they do. We'll be open normal hours on Tuesday/Wednesday, but screw around and put Thursday on a totally different time!? To me that makes 0 since, but I'm sure they have reasons.
Secondly, I love to eat whatever and have the God given ability to do as so without gaining any weight. I actually lose weight the older I get. That being said, I don't see how over half of your menu is fried food. I felt like I was working for FEMA again and in some hole in the wall truck stuff where that was my only option. I wanted a lunch portion and my only option felt like it was fried.
Finally has to be the customer service. When I ask what does your "fully dressed" come with. Don't say lettuce, tomatoes, and things like that. Everyone does it different. I am not cool with just taking the lettuce and tomatoes off and sticking with the "stuff like that" option. I know I can ball park it, but is that mayo? Is it mustard? Do you have something crazy that is unique that you put on there? Sorry I don't go there all the time and have it detailed out.
As for the good traits that earned this place an average review.
I did appreciate that my "large" beer, was actually a huge beer. It was actually a challenge to drink it. The glass was awkward, but all in all it was a hefty challenge for a lunch beer.
I also like the old diner look. When I was growing up, my family would always go to places with this look and it was a warm setting. I would go back and try some of their other options besides fried seafood. Even though they said they add a 18% grat on your ticket, they didn't on mine. That saved them from getting a terrible review as well.
All in all, I would go back to this place, but it would have to be for diner. I would love to feel nauseated over their batter again, but I think I'm going to have to back off this time.This was one of my favorite places to eat pre Katrina. Now it's terrible. The staff is very slow, the portions are much smaller, and the prices are higher. I had to wait nearly 10 minutes for a refill and 20 minutes for my waitress to get my card to pay. 17% gratuity is mandatory no matter the party size or the service. The food is still pretty good, but the staff makes it not worth it.I received a gift certificate for this establishment and was glad I did. They have all of your favorite beers and a nice, cozy, separate bar area. I went with the blackened chicken salad (can't eat seafood) and wow, it was fantastic. Also ordered some sides (baked mac & cheese, cole slaw) and they complimented the chicken perfectly. This is a great place to bring along some work from the office and have dinner. I also have brought book chapters for proofreading here and it is a great environment. Named after a famous police reporter, so naturally, I feel comfortable working there. Check it out!Tucked in the far side of the Bywater, this place has delicious fried seafood and a quirky, old-timey atmosphere. I'm a huge fan of the catfish, the (towers) of onion rings, and the baked mac and cheese.
Definitely worth a trip if you have a hankering for fried-everything.Food was good, more disappointed at the 20% gratuity added to my bill because I was not with the other couples. 
$50 for catfish, crawfish Mac n cheese and oysters is a lil much , but oh well you live and you learn .... 
Conclusion it was great to come try this classic food spot but I'll pass on the next invitationFood was good, but nothing special.  Atmosphere was rustic Cajun. I'm on the hunt for new and memorable dishes. Not to say the food was bad, but I just didn't fit the bill of what I like. If you are looking for home style Cajun, this place will be good for you.My first visit was Saturday for lunch and we arrived around 1:30. It wasn't as busy as I thought it would be which I thought was a bonus. The staff were all very nice but our server was a real doll. We had half an order of onion rings, a half shrimp half oyster poboy, catfish, frog legs and fried oysters. The food was fantastic! The portions are huge and I can't even imagine how many onion rings come in a full order. Our half order was enough to feed 4- 6 people easily. I had the catfish and it was some of the best catfish I've had. I really didn't even touch anything else on my plate because I just couldn't stop eating the catfish. I am not a frog leg fan but they were a hit with the rest of the table. No one left here hungry and we had lots of leftovers. I can't wait to go back. There is a Groupon available right now too.Gumbo was really tasteful. Was about to order a shrimp poboy until the waitress told me about the stuffed trout, it was absolutely delicious. My wife had a the blackened fish which was also good. The curb side appearance will make you second guess going in but go inside and the food will make you forget all about appearanceSo went to to jack Dempsey's a few nights ago,  I was really looking forward to trying a local favorite.  But I have to say  I was very disappointed with this place.  The atmosphere is good and very low key.  the service was good, but the fried sea food plater left alot to be desired.  I had catfish, shrimp , oysters, fries, It was all very tastless and left alot to be desired.  I did not even finish my meal that I spent around 25 bucks on.  They really need some kind of seasoning in the batter.  Hate to say If I ever go back it will be a while and deff wont get fried seafood again.Big portions.
Too thick a batter ( I know some people like that. My grams did when she still had the good dentures.).
Hardest onion rings ever.
Decent fish
Really slow service
OOOOLD fashioned place.
When you walk in, you are not sure what's going on because their front portion is really dark and unusual. I thought I was walking into a bar at first.
The manager told me that Guy Fieri stuck his head in when he was in town...looked at how dark the front was, and went over to The Joint across the street. I can believe that.
This is not the place to go if you want modern New Orleans fried seafood. This is where you go if you want to pretend you are back in the 50s when McCarthyism was great and breading was more important than what it covered (Just think of deep fried mushrooms or shrimp from drive-ins).
Yeah. That old fashioned. Personally, I prefer to taste the seafood now.classic fried seafood, port city dive, feels like going back in time, old and funky, huge, i mean huge, seafood platters, very few tourists can even find the placeIt was my second time eating here the first time was a very long time ago. Well the food was great and so was the service if nice portions. I had the seafood platter was very goodOriginally was headed to get food elsewhere but they were fortuitously closed so our group headed here for lunch.  What a great place!  Unpretentious. Super friendly. Absolutely delicious Po boys and drinks. Those bloody Mary's and beer in a large chalice were key.  Katey, our server, was precious. She made this place even more enjoyable! Would highly recommend!My girlfriend took me here while I was visiting from Denver. She grew up in New Orleans and thought this place was a good choice for sampling good 'ol fashioned fried seafood. It was awesome to me, they had just opened for lunch and soon after we placed our order it was promptly out. We had two big plates of steaming fresh fried seafood. Everything I ate was amazing and fresh. As lack luster as the joint is, it still reminds me of those old 50's hole in the wall dive bars that are oh so slowly disappearing. I still have an appreciation for all the history they hold and would be aggravated if was upgraded to some swave new deco hurl on the inside.We visited them on a Saturday night and were seated right away. It has an old school family restaurant vibe. Our server was attentive and helpful and brought us our drinks right away. Since this was our first time we decided to just get a feel for their menu. We ordered crawfish pies, crab balls, fries, & a dozen of charbroiled oysters. I was more impressed with the fries than anything else however my wife loved the crab balls. The oysters lacked that grill garlic flavor and had quite a bit of trash inside of them. I actually chomped down on one that went straight to my gums, OUCH! Needless to say we won't order their oysters anymore if we decide to go back.Probably one of the best restaurants I've been to so far been here in New Orleans I say everyone should check it outI'm sad at what this restaurant has become.
Living in New Orleans my entire life I have eaten seafood at almost every restaurant in town, I have slowly turned into a food critic. I also grew up fishing at the mouth of the Mississippi and have been enjoying the freshest and tastiest seafood that you will find anywhere. I know what good seafood is.
My family frequented Jack Dempsey's when I was a young boy back in the early 80s and all I remember about the restaurant is the Mac and cheese. A co-worker invited me for lunch recently and the experience was not good. 
The wait staff was not up to par and not very professional. I remember the owner coming to our table to talk about a group of people negatively because of the color of there skin. That was very disturbing. This restaurant is in a prodominately black area of town and a group of 12 black ladies are dining at your restaurant and spending lots of money. Be thankful you have business at all because your seafood is average at best. 
So I ordered boiled shrimp, what a mistake. The owner brought me a crab salad and boiled shrimp, the shrimp smelled terrible. I asked my co-worker to smell just to make sure it wasn't me, and agreed. I will say the crab salad was okay.
I was disappointed with the food. The prices are a little high for the lack of quality service and food quality.It's nothing fancy (this is the Bywater, not the French Quarter) but if you want a bunch of fried seafood for a decent price, you won't be disappointed. The best bet is probably the platter that comes with a whole bunch of fried catfish, fried shrimp, 2 crab balls, a little crawfish pie, and a cup of gumbo. Oh, and some toast. It's about $25 and can easily feed 2 people. The catfish is buttery in both flavor and texture. Falls right apart (but the breading stays on)! The gumbo is among the better ones we've had here (though not quite as good as it is at Coop's). Each table gets a big dispenser of tartar and remoulade sauce. In other words, all you'll need for a satisfying dining experience.New Orleans style cooking. This is where the locals enjoy Louisiana seafood. Wait staff is friendly and kitchen will cook to order.We stopped here during a culinary bike tour and I couldn't have been happier.  Growing up in Wisconsin, this place reminds me of a local corner bar.  Dark wood paneling, a little outdated, a whole lot of wonderful.  Staff is friendly and the food is phenomenal (and the portions of enormous).  We opted for the half and half platter, steamed crawfish and their mac and cheese.  The platter-shrimp, catfish, oysters, and crab balls could feed an army.  Everything was perfectly fried with a light delicate batter.  It was probably the best fried catfish I have ever eaten.  The crawfish were your standard pile of mudbugs.  Twist, pinch, suck, eat.  Probably could be a title of a porn but in this case, the simple instructions on how to eat them.  As good as the seafood platter was, the mac and cheese was even better.  If a person could be addicted to mac and cheese, this is the place where they could go to get their fix.  Baked penne, creamy sauce, absolutely delish.
I probably never would have run across this place otherwise so I am glad the tour stopped here.Slow staff,  slimy gumbo, excessive batter on fried food.  Jack Dempseys is known for their fried seafood.  Why?  I have no clue.  Maybe this place use to be good but those days are long gone.   The menu has more whiteout on it than a dyslexic secretary uses on a bad day.   The "big" seafood platter didn't even have oysters on it...yea, it was whiteout.  They did have a separate oyster platter though.  The only good thing I have to say about this place is the stuffed artichoke was OK.Good service good food not overpriced. But save room for banana foster cake and ice creamWe went to Jack Dempsey's hoping for a meal with some sustenance and we certainly picked the right place.  What we didn't plan on was the hour and fifteen minute wait to be seated.  I don't know if it was because it was Friday night and most Catholics in New Orleans eat seafood on Friday or, because there was a special Groupon in effect, but the place was packed.  My dinner date had the fried catfish, shrimp and oyster with macaroni and cheese.  She thoroughly enjoyed it but, the portion was so large she had to get a take out box for nearly half of the order.  I am no longer eating as much fried food as I once did, plus I remembered that during previous visits, the different types of seafood all seemed to taste the same, as though it was all fried in the same oil and seasoned the same way.  There were not a lot of choices for broiled or grilled seafood.  So this time I ordered the Redfish Pontchartrain with cole slaw as the side order selection.  The waitress described the entree as blackened redfish, topped with crabmeat.  Well, the truth is that it was blackened redfish, and that part is accurate.  The redfish filet was a really ample serving and the blackening process sealed in the moisture perfectly, so that it wasn't dry, but moist and flaky.  The waitress's description of topped with crabmeat however would have been more accurately described as dusted or sprinkled with a teaspoon of crabmeat.Went because of a Groupon, gorged because our waitress did a great job of steering us to the best house dishes and will return because, as the friend I went with said, this place is like a hug and a heart attack at the same time (in the best way!). 
First, the drinks are cheap and plentiful. The chalice my sangria (it was the night's drink special) came in required two hands, no joke. The food is decent to very good. I had the fried shrimp platter and went with a side of mac and cheese at our waitress' recommendation. The mac and cheese was delicious, very creamy and substantial, and I'd come back for that alone. 
My friend got the 10 oz. steak, medium rare, and it was so good I ate what he didn't finish. Despite the big dinner portions, we couldn't say no to ordering the peanut butter pie for dessert because the waitress had such great things to say about it. The pie was delicious! Very creamy, with just the right amount of drizzled chocolate sauce on top. If they make it in-house, bravo to them. If they order it from a local bakery, I want to know where it's from because I have to pick one up.My hubby and I were on vaca in New Orleans. Our hotel was in the French Quarter and we were tired of the touristy scene. Our Uber driver recommended this place. It was off the beaten path, but that's exactly what we were looking for. 
The outside is a little questionable, but the inside was nice enough. It definitely reminded of one our neighborhood bars in Baltimore. The food and service were excellent! The portions were enormous and the food was good. We got the JD platter for two and still had so much left over. It was a great recommendation.Good old New Orleans seafood restaurant,I've lived here my whole life and hadn't been to JD's in many years but got the Groupon and tried it. We got the fried platter for 2 with oysters, it was  fried perfectly not a drop of grease on the plate,it had about 12 shrimp and 12 oysters and a ton of catfish and redfish.We will be back.This was quite the haul from our hotel but man was it worth it.  The food is very reasonably priced and delicious.  I ordered the catfish and my gf had the fried crawfish.  We both ordered the infamous mac and cheese.  While the catfish was good, I will order plate-loads of that mac n cheese next time.  that is some of the best mac n cheese that I have EVER had in my life.  We had a party of 15 and they were very accommodating and helpful.  They were busy the whole time and we barely waited when requesting something special.  Everyone was stuffed and happy when leaving!A group of us were staying in the Bywater neighborhood on a recent trip to New Orleans, and we decided to eat here one night because we had read decent reviews and it was literally less than a block from the house we were staying.
The inside is a bit of a dive, and basically empty at the time we were there. Our waitress was very nice and attentive to our group. However, being a big seafood fan, I was disappointed in the food. Everyone who had gotten some form of fish was disappointed in how tough it was. Mine included. Granted the waitress warned us some of the fish this season has been tough, but it was what I wanted. I had gotten it fried as she suggested, but it was still a bit tough. I will say that my brother got the crab au gratin appetizer and it was really good. The mac n cheese was also really good.
I'd give this place three stars if I could because it wasn't terrible, but considering it's a seafood restaurant and the seafood was the worst part, I can only give it two. If I lived in New Orleans in that area I'd give them another chance, but I don't.huge servings of good fried seafood.  great fried redfish PoBoy (only one in town i know of).  
beers served in huge frozen goblets are highly refreshing come summer-time.  
if you want a veggie, mac and cheese or hush puppies will have to suffice. 
But, seriously, look around you while eating here.  Do these people care there are no real veggies on the menu?  I'm suprised some of 'em got up the stairs! 
they used to have a great jukebox, (elvis, fats, patsy, johnny, etc), now its just an i-pod somewhere.One of my favorite neighborhood spots!  The service is mega friendly and the fried shrimp po'boy is to die for!Old school seafood in an old school New Orleans restaurant. I get stuffed flounder almost every time and never disappointed!Absolutely delicious!! Our server, Debbie, was amazing! Great food and atmosphere! Love the music as well!!! Keep up the great work!Incredible charbroiled oysters and soft shell crab! Great service when you call in an order. Hidden gem in it's neighborhood.This place didn't wow me, much of their food is heavy and deep fried. The crab balls were pretty decent. The soft shell crab was huge, but not the best I have had flavor wise. Too much batter, too heavy. Service was good, they were super slow on a Thursday night. One waiter there is very odd! Atmosphere is old and dingy. I enjoyed their mac and cheese, but doubt I'll be back any time soon.The food was good not great.  I had stuffed flounder, my girlfriend ordered shrimp and oysters which was also good.  We ordered onion rings; that was terrible.  We ordered a beer which was great.  It came in a large, heavy, frozen glass and was draft beer.  
Warning: there is an 18% gratuity added to all bills.  I hope this doesn't become a trend.Ah, the venerable neighborhood seafood joint. As far as this breed of restaurant goes, this is the tops. I suppose that's why I can't go to the 9th ward without stopping here. Fried food and a waitress whose yat accent is diminished only by 40+ years of chain smoking make one feel more at home than he could ever imagine.Been eating here since I was a kid.  Great seafood platter, gumbo is good. Restaurant is small but it is quaint.  Very nice.We went to Jack Dempsey's Restaurant & Bar for lunch to get a seafood meal, because it's a New Orleans tradition to eat seafood on Ash Wednesday.  Both of us ordered the Stuffed Trout.  I had the cole slaw as my side order and my lunch partner had the potato salad as his side order.
This visit was almost an opposite experience from my last visit, in terms of cost, quantity and waiting time.  My last visit was on a Friday evening and the place was packed, so that we had to wait a while to be seated and it also took a while for our food to be prepared.  It seems too that the dinner menu items are larger and cost twice as much as the lunch menu items.
Well, this time our food was prepared in no time flat.  It's just that it wasn't that much of it.  It was a small trout filet atop seafood stuffing, and the stuffing had a high consistency of bread crumbs and a nearly undetectable amount of shrimp and crabmeat.  This is quite a different presentation from their dinner menu item, Stuffed Flounder.  The way that dish is prepared, the whole flounder is served with the backbone removed, creating a pocket that is stuffed, and thereby the stuffing is surrounded by fish on all sides.
The best things about this latest visit was the price didn't break the bank, the service was fast and the food satisfied my appetite enough to permit me to return to work with a sense of renewal, and not have that bloated feeling from having overeaten.Best Mac n Cheese, the Veal is off the hook. Everything here is outstanding. What a great New Orleans Staple.Go here to gorge yourself to your heart's desire on fried food! Their fried oysters and crab balls are delicious.
Note that this is a no-frills kind of place filled with locals, not the kind of place you want to visit for a fancy dining experience.
Bring cash!I expected a lot more from this place. Nothing was terrible about it. Food was ok. Just didn't wow me like I had hoped. My boyfriend shared the platter which is just a ridiculous amount of fried food. YUM! But then there was just plan white bread that was toasted under it all. Why? Overall service was good, people were nice...seems like this used to be a happening place at one point but it has lost it's flair in comparison to all the other restaurants here in the city now.They have the best baked macaroni and cheese in the world! Do not come here without getting some. Dont like mac and cheese? Get it anyways!  You will be a convert, I promise.
The fried shrimp is really good too but the catfish was the best of the meats!  It is in a less than awesome neighborhood so put away the valuables in the car.  
The atmosphere is very laid back and they have a couple of tvs playing the news and such while you dine.
It is a darker restaurant with low lights but that is okay as it is older decor and probably helps the visuals a little.
Always a must on our New Orleans trips. Hours are odd though so check before you head out!Great food and friendly service! Snow crabs ALL YOU CAN EAT and they mean it! Great time to go is on a week night as there is less of a crowd. Thursday night worked well for me.I am originally from New Orleans and whenever I go back to visit I try to make it a point to eat here. Its a great place for fried seafood. OMG and the mac and cheese there is so damn good makes you want to slap somebody.I grew up in New Orleans but live in MD now so when I go home I know where the good food is.  Jack Dempsey's is a staple in New Orleans and you can ask anyone in the city and they will tell you that the food is fantastic.  I was home recently and had a few friends from NYC with me and my wife.  They wanted to visit the 9th Ward and good food too.  So it was a no brainer to go to Jack Dempsey's.  Very unassuming restaurant and I'd say a small place to eat...but the food is as good as you will find in the city.  The seafood is fresh and the wait staff were very good.  We were a party of 9 and we were seated fairly quickly (no reservations) and we didn't wait a long time to eat.  The menu can be pricey, but well worth it.We finally made it to this iconic place when it was open, this afternoon.
I am pretty particular and this place has GREAT fried seafood.  
We had the softshell platter and the fried shrimp.  Both were spectacular.
Jack Dempsey's has moved from our "wanna try" list to our "regular stop" list, all after  just one visit !
Definitely a locals/neighborhood place, almost a "dive"; BUT, Oh so good !
And, there is beaucoup COLDBEER of all sorts !Imagine my surprise when I arrived here and it looked like a little house.  The seafood is very good. The batter is light and flavorful.  The portions are huge so you will have a carry out for later.  The service was fast, and the staff was nice.  It's not the best seafood I've had in the area, but I wouldn't mind returning for a meal.This is on our list for worst place to eat.  The food had no flavor. My Boyfriend's wine glass had lipstick on it....And it wasnt mine.  The food was overly salted. All of the veggies on the plate were hot but the protein ICE cold.Finally went and loved it crab ain't gratin to die for had the broiled redfish with crab au gratin and was blown away wife had seafood platter was super huge and fried to perfection, excellent service ice cold draft in frosted cup unbelievable will be back also had crawfish pies for apps only bad thing is no desert menu only because you are gonna be to full to order it anyway!BEST place in town for fried seafood, hands down.  Perfect batter, color, and texture.  Have a beer in a thick, frosty mug and some onion rings- a half order is plenty.  Get your fried seafood with a side of mac and cheese- it's the best.  Ask for Cherine the waitress- she'll make you feel right at home, dawlin!The crab balls and mac-n-cheese were great. The fish and shrimp were okay. The service was excellent. And the atmosphere was low-key. I'd visit again.Another fried seafood restaurant in the great New Orleans tradition of down home cooking and enormous platters of eats. Not much in terms of atmosphere, unless you are into plywood siding, but lots of funk and neon. My last visit the food was only ok and many menu items where sold out, the portions are very large howeverI haven't been to Jack Dempsey's since I was in high school (and that was a loooong time ago!!!). I was very pleasantly surprised!
I got the Blackened Redfish special. It was very good and a huge portion. I took half of it home. You have a choice of 3 sides. I got the fries. They were my only complaint. They are those coated fries, and I don't like those. My hubby got the Super Seafood Platter. It was huge, we could've easily split it. It started with a cup of gumbo. The gumbo was very good. It had just enough kick. Then came the platter! Mounds of catfish, shrimp, a crab ball and a crawfish pie. Served with a side of some of the best mac and cheese I've ever tasted. The catfish was light and crispy and delicious. I didn't get to taste any of the other stuff, but my hubby said it was all delicious.
For dessert we had the Bread Pudding with Rum Sauce. It was good. What you would expect to get an any decent restaurant.
Overall, a very good experience. I would definitely go back. It's your traditional, old fashioned fried seafood place. They used to have tons of them all over the city, but now there's only a few.Awesome laid back atmosphere and great friendly down to earth survice!!! Me and my wife had a great lunch experience.Average seafood, high prices. Heavy batter. The service was terrible on the very slow afternoon we ate there. I will not go back.It's All Good, People!! Old school seafood with the best Mac & Cheese on the planet!!
Been twice with different family members and everyone loves it! Fats Domino was eating there the last time... just sayin'.Haven't been here since I lived here 14 yrs ago so it was past time. I wanted a quick overdose on fried seafood and boy did I get it! quality and service was great. Lunch was much easier to get in than I remember the dinner. I was also wonderfully surprised to have found out they participate in Advantage Dining Miles program... great seafood and miles, felt like I was at Harrah's and hit the jackpot.So, after years and years of pondering your generous reviews on Yelp, I've finally decided to create my own account. Thank you Yelpers for all that you do, for providing foodies such as myself with the no-frills honesty of how you feel.
I am rating Jack Dempsey's, as it was one of my most recent dining experiences. I will start and say that the atmosphere was decent. Nothing fancy and surly nothing to write home about. I ordered the Dungeness crabs, without a doubt one of my favorite meals in the world. Sadly, the crabs were the absolute worse crabs I've EVER had in my life. It was so salty that I felt like I'd started to perspire. Like, how do you mess up Dungeness crab? So I tell myself: "You can deal with it, just dip it in the butter to balance it out." Would you believe that it tasted as though they'd also put salt in the butter!? It was just bad. In fact, it was horrible. 
Needless to say, though, I was hungry. So I ate almost all of them and left one cluster, as I could no longer bare such an experience. The waitress and asked why did I leave one. I replied it is just too salty. She returned with another cluster. ... Yep, you guessed it. Salty again. 
The meat in a dish like Dungeness is so delicate and sweet, that the chef simply doesn't need to do anything to it to detract or muddle the flavors. No, just bring it out on the plate with all of its pomp and beauty and glory. Let me enjoy simply as is; in its beautiful state - steamed or boiled, I can do either. 
The bananas foster pie was actually pretty good, I must add. Nevertheless, I would not be returning to this dining establishment. Also, I am extremely grateful that because of my Groupon cert, I didn't have to pay full price for this dish.I believe this place is overrated for all of the good seafood places to be had in new orleans.  It's more of a bar joint place for all those hound dogs at the military base across the street to pick up on women while grabbing a bite to eat.  In short, i'm not a fan too many better seafood places out there! if you want quantity over quality consider this place.This place is fantastic! Staff was incredibly friendly HUGE portions and the macaroni and cheese was like a party in my mouth!Really nice laid back place to eat at!. The oysters were great! And the service was great too. But the steak wasn't as good as expected. Hopefully its not always like that.Friends came into town and wanted seafood without driving too far from Arabi, so I suggested JD's. 
WOW this place is expensive for an old neighborhood joint! It has the look and feel of a $10-per-entree place with a $20(+)-per-entree price tag. The one saving grace for their hefty price points: the chargrilled oysters. They were excellent and that was the one thing with a great price tag at Jack Dempsey's:  -$17.95 for a dozen here versus $19.99 at Acme or $19.95 at Drago's. They gave both of those places a run for their money with great flavor, without the lines and with far better service! 
WOW our server was great! I forgot to ask her name but she was tall with shoulder-length brown hair pulled back in a ponytail and she was fantastic: super quick, knowledgable, friendly, and super accommodating. 
The rest of the food? It was decent. I had a great time because I was with great friends and we had a wonderful server. Our food was okay, but not very memorable. We tried several items on the menu. I wasn't a fan of the artichoke app but I loved most things about the seafood gumbo. My favorite dish on the table was the redfish topped with crab. The flounder was pretty bland as far as seasoning but the fish itself was cooked to perfection. The stuffing below the fish was very heavy and mushy.   This is me being picky: The seafood gumbo and the stuffing under the flounder were chock full of mushy little shrimps that were way too soft and tasteless. They really took away from the otherwise-lovely taste of both dishes. I would've rather had just a gumbo purée or one big fresh shrimp per dish than 20-30 of those tiny little mushy "scrimps". No one ever likes those - ever. Why waste your money and put them into the dishes? 
My recommendation to other Yelpers: Go here. Give them a shot because they've been in the neighborhood a lot longer than those other joints y'all love so much. I loved the casual atmosphere and the service. Everyone tries to be fancy these days and these folks at JD's get that part right - this is a great place to sit back, drink a beer, and have some fried seafood. I wish it were a little cheaper because I'd go here more often if it were. C'est la vie.Went in for a lunch with a group today.  Long story short, the waitress gave my order to another guy at the table.  I figured my order was on its way out.  When his arrived, the order takes his (my) plate, takes the half of the sandwhich he's not yet eaten and puts it in front of me.  She heads back into the kitchen to get a fresh other half.  By the time she got everything right it's all cold, and you know there's nothing better than a cold shrimp po-boy.  
When the bill comes I ask her to cut in half because they got the order only half right.  She comes back and says they can't do that, but the chef would make a fresh sandwhich.  I just want to leave.  Eventually she comes back with half a po-boy wrapped in paper, when I get it back to my office, i swear to god its the same half I sent back becuase it was cold and covered in mayo which is partially why it got sent back.  I would not go back in the place if it was free.  Possibly the worst restaurant I've been to in years.  Go to the Joint across the street.I always come here when I am in new olreans! its a must, Its a great place for sea food and you always feel like family there. Great service to!What a great neighborhood restaurant nestled in the heart of NOLA!  
My boyfriend, his mother, and I came here for lunch during a trip to visit her.  We had the stuffed artichoke appetizer and it was fantastic.  There aren't many places where you can find a perfectly baked whole artichoke.
For mains he had the stuffed trout and their famous baked mac-n-cheese.  The trout stuffing was loaded with crabmeat instead of breading.  I had the shrimp and king crabmeat salad.  It is a very light and refreshing seafood salad with shrimp and king crab meat served on a platter with mixed greens.
Our server was very friendly and the food came out quickly.  Taken in conjunction with the ambience and the location, I give this place 5 stars.
We will be back!
We love it and will definitely be back!I have been coming here since I was a kid and the food, atmosphere, and pricing is the same! That is great ! The JD platter for 2 is really enough to feed 4; my husband and I always bring home left overs . Everything here taste greatI love this place. I hadn't been since I was a little girl with my father pre Katrina. They haven't missed a step. The food was amazing and the customer service was superb.Im really wondering what has happened to JD. For years this was a place on a Friday night that you couldnt get in the door. For the first time in years I go and was amazed at how empty the place was. I was so concerned I called a friend to ask if there is a problem with the place that I dont know about. Its seems that since the closing of the navy terminal across the street the crowds have diminished. 
This place is all about their fried seafood. From my recollection they were the first to have the giant family sized seafood platter. A dish that made them famous before Deanies. Unlike Deanies, JD didnt sell itself to the media and become a tourist destination like Deanies has. 
I had a JD staple the stuffed flounder which was good but not great and my friend had the fried redfish which I thought to be excellent. The potato salad is the best I've had out in a while. Overall JD is good but the changing atmosphere of the Bywater may one day lead to their demise.Staff was very nice.. The place was getting packed today around 2pm. Got the half n half platter of shrimp/catfish.. It was ok.. The fries were good.. I'm sure it wouldve been better had I dined in, instead of taking it out cause by the time I got home everything was just warm so that's probably y I didn't rate it to high. Seems like a nice place to take a date tho! Parking is a lil tight too...I'm originally from New Orleans and had heard of Jack Dempsey's but I'd never gone to it. Momz treated me to dinner there. BEST seafood and Cajun food ever! The food was fresh and delicious. I love oyster poboy's and the bread pudding is to die for. Atmosphere is typical New Orleans cozy, clean and memorable. Can't wait to go back. I live in Houston now so when I go home I love anything that makes me think of home. Jack Dempsey's fits the bill! A must go to place in the city.Amazing seafood restaurant.  Laid back, quiet atmosphere, huge portions.  The fried catfish is delicious.Great fried foods, onion rings are best around. Also has so much more than fried stuff. Steaks, lobster, oysters, crawfish, etc...The mac & cheese is soooooo good.  Its a great old school restaurant. Plenty food for your money.This was a good find.  It is an old style family run restaurant, but with good food and prompt service.  They did have several selections of non-fried foods (broiled fish, etc.) It was not crowded (but not empty either)and we were seated promptly.  If you are in the area eat here!Had their food stand. Stuff crab 4.5 out of 5. Note to self what's the filler in the stuffing?Great raw oysters. We also split the seafood platter which was huge. Best fried food I've ever had. Plenty of catfish. There were enough fried oysters and shrimp for us to get our fill. We got the gumbo with our platter which was delicious. Service was great. No complaints.