OK, they opened Feb 7th and I got a cold crush, then on the 8th I got a five fruit frenzy, then on the 10th I got a Razzmatazz........they were all great. I used to get Jamba Juice when I worked in Southern CA and they are just as awesome as I remember. Only bad thing is they are expensive but......lots of coupons are available on the internet. Even if the coupon says only valid at Orange County stores or whatever they have been willing to take them at this new store in New Orleans.Yes, I know my newfound affection is passe' in more cosmopolitan climes...but they don't have Hansen's snowballs, so give me a break. I am usually not easily seduced by chains, seeing right through their carefully modulated "messaging" through reassuring buzz words ("just slap sustainable or green on it!") and design, but I admit I like the cut of Jamba Juice's jib. Like Pinkberry, there is a mandetory but no less appealing cheery welcome from the fresh faced staff, and there is a nice warmth to the airy, light filled space.
       So far, all of the smoothie drinks I've tried have been delightful  (mango-a-go-go and orange dream machine are scrumptious, and strawberry nirvana lives up tp its name) and I like that they give you an orange slice with your wheatgrass shot. The baked goods and flatbreads, which one might assume are perfunctary, are quite good-I like the cheddar tomato twist.
      If a Jamba Juice were to open in a more convenient location than the CBD, I might be in danger of a Pinkberry level addiction.First time ever going to Jamba Juice and I think it is probably the best smoothie chain there is. My girlfriend and I usually go to the $5 Fridays at smoothie king and were happy to see that there are $5 Fridays at Jamba Juice too! I highly recommend the Carribean Passion smoothie if you're looking to kick back and relax while enjoying a delicious, tropical smoothie. The wait was short and I was in and out within 5 minutes of arriving!I truly have a love/hate relationship with this place. 
I hate the loud techno blaring at 7am while walking by to work, is that really necessary? 
I love the delicious, healthy options, SO MANY OPTIONS! 
I hate that I spend $7-8 on a smoothie each time I'm there! 
I love that they call your name out (loudly) and double check your order before you leave, even if you're the only customer in there! 
I hate that the employees (I think they have to) yell 'tip tip hooray' when you tip them. They're already forced to listen to that horrible, loud music, I think this is just over the top! 
Today though, I fell in love with Jamba Juice once and for all! Walking to work in this sauna-like summer weather they were handing out, rather large, free samples of Strawberry Lemonade smoothies made with coconut milk! I'm officially sold and will return this week to purchase one! I love you Jamba Juice! I'm still just giving you four stars though because I think you're prices are a bit ridiculous!I love Jamba, despite their apparent raise in prices over the past few years. I do have one complaint, and I'm sure it's not necessarily limited to this location - please actually attempt to fill up my cup. If there is excess left over, use it to fill the cup to the top. I understand the expense of not wanting to provide tiny cups for overflow, but seriously, sometimes you leave like 10% of my smoothie in the blender and throw it out. There is probably some company policy about not filling it to the top to prevent overflow and keep it clean, but I am not a fan of that policy if it exists, I want my thing filled :(Yay, some new variety for the CBD area. Being from Southern California, I've seen my fair share of Jamba Juices. This is pretty much just like all the others.
They offer a variety of smoothies, juices, tea infusions, oatmeal, soft pretzels and muffins. They also have what they call "California Flatbreads" which are like miniature pizzas.
My favorite smoothies are the Carribean Pleasure and the Mango-a-Go-Go. I have yet to try the Flatbreads yet, but they looked good.
This is a nice addition for us working folks around the CBD.Great smoothie as usual, I love this place. Just tried a parmesan pretzel and Iit was great (not bad for $2).For smoothies that are actually healthy, this is the place. Real fruit, real ingredients. The lo-cal ones have 340 calories and less for the jumbo smoothie!  And they're actually filling. Love this place - this one in particular has good service.I used to come here a few times a week but tried to slow down on the spending money for breakfast. The staff were very nice and worked quickly. I returned today to find that the staff were shouting rudely at each other while several customers were in the store. Given they may not mean for it to come off rudely to each other, it isn't appropriate  to shout "hello I need strawberries" several times to a coworker who is in the casher servicing a customer. I hope their unprofessional actions are looked into by management.I like to stop by for a smoothie once or twice a month on my way to work. I'm always greeted immediately upon entering the store, I rarely have to wait in line to order and my drink is always ready in under 3 minutes. What's not to love?Ordered on Uber Eats the Nutty Almond Butter Bowl and asked for it without strawberries on top because I have an allergy and I got strawberries, so many strawberries. It's such a basic request, and it sucks to wait for you breakfast and then not be able to eat it.I can't say enough about Jamba Juice.  I didn't really think I was a smoothie fan, based on past experiences at Smoothie King (gross!), then a friend told me about JJ.  He is a "juicer," and he said he sometimes pops in to get his wheatgrass fix.  He extolled on the virtues of wheatgrass so long that I figured I'd better give it a try.  I went in the very next week, ordered an all-fruit smooothie and a double shot of wheatgrass, and I've never been the same since!  I love Jamba Juice!  It smells divine!  It is clean and has a very fresh feel, and the staff is (usually) super friendly and enthusiastic about their jobs.  I try to keep my visits to once a week, although it is sometimes hard being that it's across the street from the office.  For those of you who think that you don't like smoothies, you must not have given Jamba Juice a try.  Also, the food items I've had there are PHENOMENAL.  The apple and brie sandwich is insane, and I have a very good friend for is addicted to the chorizo breakfast burrito.Having moved to the south over a year ago, I have greatly missed certain chains that I took for granted elsewhere, like 24 Hour Fitness, Bank of America, and... Jamba Juice. Heretofore, I've had to get my Jamba fix by driving to Houston, TX. 
The other day, I was driving down Poydras and saw that there was a Jamba Juice. I immediately turned around and headed in. 
If you're familiar with the chain, this place is exactly what you'd expect. Extra points to this store in particular because the workers know how to make drinks off the secret menu, which is something that sadly cannot be said for all stores. 
On the negative side, there is no parking lot so stopping in can be inconvenent. And for whatever reason, drinks here cost about $2 more than what they cost at other Jamba Juice stores. 
For now, this is my only place to get my Jamba, so I'll begrudgingly pay the markup.I'm very happy they finally opened a Jamba Juice in NOLA. Its in the perfect location but the parking sucks. You have to street park or pay to park in the parking lot. I try to come here every Sunday during football season before the Saints game (my ritual). You can't go wrong with smoothies, its more on the healthy side compared to the other places. I always get the same thing: Orange Dream Machine & waffle. If you haven't tried the waffle yet, its a MUST!I come here at least twice a week and to Start the emlployees are so nice and courteous, they know my order and always cater to my every need. I really do enjoy there Smoothies and Bowls with fruit and yogurt as seen on the pic I posted..DELICIOUS and will be back tomorrow if not Friday for more.. Thanks again and I definitely recommend to anyone who hasn't tried it!Oh, Jamba Juice.  I thought I had lost you forever when I moved from Chicago to New Orleans a few years ago.  A loyal customer while living up north, one of my biggest disappointments after moving south of the Mason-Dixon was not having a JJ within reach.
There are few truths in an uncertain world, but here's one: I have never been disappointed with a smoothie from Jamba Juice. Ever!  The drink menu is vast and you'd be hard pressed to find something that didn't suit your palate.  They also carry small snack-like items (muffins, pretzels, mini pizzas and the like) if you're looking for something to nosh on.  Good value for the price and the quality is heads and shoulders above Smoothie King.  
I really like that the nutritional information is listed next to each item on the menu, so calorie-watchers can see at a glance what their options are.Went for a fresh squeeze orange juice and I was served an industrial orange juice. When I tried to say something to the workers they started being rude and having an attitude. 
Fortunately, I was contacted by the owner and offered an apology and a replacement drink.
I was very appreciative of his fast response and understanding.Good location downtown...easy walk from the Hyatt and several other hotels near the CBD. 
Always good to see familiar spots when traveling. Jamba juice is one of those staples alongside Starbucks for me.
Normal items you'll find everywhere, have found this one to not be as crowded as the lines get in Los Angeles. Friendly staff. Good seating inside and out if you plan on taking it easy an people watching.Great customer service. Kori was an amazing young man with a great welcoming smile and attitude.The ladies that were working when I came in the other day were on it and super friendly which are both greatly appreciated! Store was very clean also.Great drinks but about the same as our local Smoothie King. Today me and a friend tried the Caribbean Passion and the 4 berry, both were great. If your in the CBD and looking for a smoothie this is the place but I don't know if its worth going downtown for if your not there already.Very hot day in New Orleans and this was the place to go for a cool drink. Staff was nice and polite. Even though there was a crowd they took good care of the customers.Pretty good! Only thing I was not a fan of was that they touch everything hands bare! No gloves. Not really something I'm a fan of. But Jamba Juice is always a fave!In a city where healthy food is hard to find, this place is a gem! Always fresh, great service and delicious....what more can you want. My favorite is the Mango-a-go-go....especially the little pieces of fruit in the bottom of the cup.
If you're looking for a healthy snack (or a meal replacement), give Jamba Juice a try!Went for a fresh squeeze orange juice and I was served an industrial orange juice. When I tried to say something to the workers they started being rude and having an attitude. 
Highly disappointed with this jamba juice's location. 
Will not go there again.I haven't been to a Jamba juice in years and going  here did not dissapoint. The service was excellent and I was excited to see they now serve green smoothies. The Kale-ribbean Breeze was exactly what I needed to help me nurse my minor hangoverA conversation between me and myself...
Me: Why can't I have smoothie thing instead of this new place. 
Myself: If we didn't try new things, we'd all still be getting our news from boring places like newspapers and not informative sources  like TMZ. Ummm, wait...
Me: Fine...gimme your hippie juice...
What are these chunky things in my drink? Why am I not in a syrupy sugar coma? Why is there grass on the counter?
Myself: The chunks are what we call "fruit". You know, the main ingredient in smoothies. The reason it doesn't taste like pancake syrup is because the "fruit" sweetens it. The grass is for blending and making fresh juices from organic ingredients. 
Me: Organic...yeah, hippie talk for the drugs. But, hey, this is one of the better smoothies I've had. I'll be coming back to your hippie juice joint. 
Real fruit smoothies served in a partially manic, pseudo-Anime store theme. Smoothie th(K)ing, you've just been served. Welcome to NOLA Jamba.After walking around in the hot sun I decided that I wanted a smoothie. Checked Yelp and found 5 places in short walking distance from our hotel. The front desk at our place suggested Jamba Juice so that was the tie breaker. I walked the 6 blocks from our hotel to grab a smoothie. I got the Apples and Greens smoothie which I highly recommend. Not sweet not tart just refreshing. I also got the Great greens juice. It was very satisfying. Ordered husband some kind of mango strawberry banana concoction for my husband who likes girly drinks. He liked it okay but I ended up finishing it. It is very pricey and you could probably get some kind of similar thing cheaper but it was very good and the two young girls working in there were super nice and happy to explain your choices.I come here not so often, but it's time I come here regularly. I like the different smoothie and juice blends that they have. The fresh ingredients really makes each item delicious. I've even had a shot of grass! I know it doesn't sound appealing, but for me it was very tasty.Went here to grab a quick smoothie for lunch.  The staff were very friendly and promptly greeted us as we walked in the door.  They also had free samples of a smoothie for us to try.  
It wasn't very crowded and we got our drinks within minutes.  There was plenty of seating inside and it was very clean.  
We also got a coupon for a free drink on our next visit for answering a few questions!Service is really great! the girls are very friendly and a big help to making my decisions. Consistency is what I look for everywhere I go and I get it here every time.  Happy Juicing! =)I stopped in here after checking into my hotel for something healthy. I always love the drinks at Jamba Juice. I ordered the pomegranate paradise which was tasty. The place was pretty clean and lots of seating available. I was able to sit and read my book. I stopped in here a few times during my visit to New Orleans.Such an amazing staff! I went in not knowing what I wanted and asked the cashier what he recommended if I wanted something for just general wellness. He recommended a wheatgrass shot and told me the benefits of it. He was super sweet and recommended I grab a water too because I'd need it for my system. Then, the rest of the staff prepared the shot for me and gave me an orange slice to take it with it and my cashier handed me a comp shot of pomegranate juice as well to chase it with, and then the entire staff proceeded to chant and cheer for me as I took it. It's the simplest, funniest thing but it really brightened my day. I work professionally in hospitality, and if everyone had the same attitude as this staff in customer service, day to day life would be much brighter for everybody.We go to every saints game.  After the game we always go to Jamba juice and get a smoothie.  Well for some reason they must have plumbing problems.  The bathrooms are closed.  Maybe they should hire a good plumber.  I think they close them so they don't have to clean them. 
The smoothies are good.  Very fresh.
This week against Tampa bay they were open.I want to qualify this review by stating I am comparing Jamba Juice to other smoothie chains and not restaurants on the whole. 
It is a great stop for breakfast, as they have filling steel cut oatmeal for under $3. The smoothies are pretty high calorie ~300 per 16 oz, so unless you are using them as a meal replacement option, they are not the healthiest choice. I still splurge on the Macha Green Tea version every once in a while.
The kids who work there are friendly and efficient, and on the rare occasion where they have messed up my order or dropped the blender on the floor, they upgraded my order to a larger size.I was so excited when I found out they had a Jamba Juice in New Orleans. The staff is always very friendly when you walk in and they do not rush you. If they make a little extra of whatever smoothie they will give it to you as well, for FREE! It doesnt get any better than that. This location is convienient if you are in the downtown area already but parking can be a hassle. I hope that they increase the hours because they seem to close a little bit too early unlike in other states.As good and fresh it can be. Had the Island Pitaya Bowl Nd asked for replacing the Coconut with Almonds, and they happily did so. Loved the cold bowl as a perfect and healthy breakfast treatJust as I remember it! Yummy in my tummy :D
What I love about this place is the variety of healthy choices; true, there is sorbet in the smoothies, but get the all fruit if you wanna feel good about yourself! or do what I do and venture into the "fruit n veggie" ones :) I love berry upbeet, but that's cause I love beets (don't judge!)
Oh, and fresh squeezed juices!! I LOVE carrot juice (again, no judging! haha), and if I'm not in the mood for a smoothie, I like to get half and half (you can ask for half carrot and half orange juice).
BUT why you so expensive?? :( either I haven't been at Jamba in a while or Jamba in Nola is just more expensive than anywhere else... I remember sixteens (the smallest size) being $3 something back in California, but here it's $5 something!
Please don't rob poor post-college kids like me. Our pockets are empty already...Friendly, helpful staff.
Great deals on Wednesdays with half-off certain items
Acai Bowl - $3 - very very tasty
Wraps - $2 - turkey sausage and cheese wrap is good and they heat it up for you, especially with Texas Pete hot sauce
Baked Goods - $1
Other deals on other days of the week. Check. It. Out.OMG....Can I really get a smoothie that is healthy?! What the CRAP...I have never heard of such things.
Yep, that pretty much sums it up.AMAZING!!! The best smoothie I've had in a really long time. The service was excellent. This red head, I think she is a manager,  she was so helpful! I will be returning very soon!!Seeking relief from an ailing issue, I wearily wobbled into the Central Business District New Orleans location. I didn't expect much and I certainly didn't expect to be impressed, but this is what I discovered: 
At the start of June 2014, Jamba Juice launched a new menu line which places the "juice" back into Jamba Juice. Food with integrity -- the positive trend that utilizes local, sustainable & whole foods that are fresh, organic or GMO-free - has been incorporating into 500 of Jamba Juice stores nationwide. 
This means a whole lotta freshness coming from the CBD location, folks! This location keeps fruits and veggies on ice...produce cut up in front of you and placed into a juicer. You watch the entire process before your eyes! This process is part of Jamba Juices new "Blend in the Good" brand campaign supported by fresh-squeezed juice.
The new juices focus on high-nutrient and on-trend whole foods including kale, beets, cucumbers, apples and oranges -- even superfoods like chia seeds -- blended into a variety of juices. I ordered one of the new flavors, Citrus Kick. The menu version includes a combination of orange, apple, pineapple and ginger. However, I opted for fresh carrot juice over orange and BAM! that was one delicious decision. 
Another part of the campaign that I am interested in seeing expand is Jamba Juices "Master of Blending Arts" -- or Jamba MBA -- course which requires team members learn about the nutritional value and health benefits of ingredients, juices, blends, and daily requirements. I do not fault the helpful employee who informed me I could substitute fresh squeezed orange for carrot juice in my Citrus Kick; however, it would have been SUPER FANTASTIC if, when asking her if she knew if *insert ingredient here* would help ease *insert problem here,* she would have been able to provide some guidance. I feel confident that when this campaign is fully rolled out and employees are exposed to guidance from Jamba MBA, that they'll be better prepared to answer customer questions. 
A 16oz customized Citrus Kick knocked me back nearly $7 and the drink creation time was 2-3x longer than other menu offerings, but I shall not complain! Fresh squeezed is so much more bright and vibrant in color and flavor than juices recirculating in a beverage dispenser! I'll happily & patiently wait for fresh-squeezed! Bravo, Jamba Juice! And yes, I did just conclude my review with a paragraph filled with exclamation marks!!!!! :- )Of the two Jamba Juices in town, I find this one easier to get to even though its in the downtown area. because of the constant flow of traffic, I can usually find a parking space out front so I can quickly pop in and out for a smooth, especially on weekends. 
There aren't any other surprises about this place. It's like any other Jamba Juice you've been to. 
For what you get, it is pricier than the competing Smoothie King.Friendliest staff! Every time I go in they are extremely helpful and so easy to chat with. I enjoy grabbing a quick mid-day smoothie because they are so nice.If you like to Jamba, this spot does it right! Friendly folks, quick fixings, easy walk if you're in the downtown area (aka not so easy to get to if you're stopping in via car, mostly because of parking)There's really nothing bad to say about this place.  It's clean and very open inside and it's almost like a break away from the city. I love the energy bowls!AMAZING acai bowls and staff but the music makes me feel like i'm shopping at Limited Too.The new manager no longer lets dogs in. My dog is a service dog and they won't even let me walk in the door to pick up my order when no one is there. They have asked me for his papers every time, which is illegal. I showed his card when they first put this new rule into effect, but at this point I can just get a smoothie somewhere else that values my business. The place is always empty so it's not like they don't need the business.I've always been a fan of Jamba Juice but especially this picturesque location in the middle of CBD on Poydras street. They are always well stocked with food, they have wonderful drink specials and the staff is really friendly and nice. They don't have power outlets but it's still a nice cool place to sit.This is a smoothie and juice place located in the CBD. Since I work in the area I often come here when I want a smoothie. I always get the golden turmeric  spice smoothie which is a blend of oatmilk, turmeric spice blend, bananas, mangos, and agave. It's pretty filling for a smoothie. They also sell other items such as: bowls, bites, breakfast, baked good, and healthy shots. 
The staff is sleays friendly and efficient. Large space so social distancing is not a problem. Located in the CBD so be prepared to pay for parking.The acai primo bowl was too sweet. The base tasted too much like juice concentrate even though I was trying to pick something off the menu that wasn't blended with juice. The consistency was also really watery. I've definitely had better acai bowls elsewhere.In search of a smoothie or something with fruit downtown. The workers were all super friendly and there was plenty of space for physical distancing between customers and the employees. I got an orange C booster and it was just what I needed!Thought I could get a plain strawberry and banana smoothie here but the lady told me no. Found out through a coworker I could. Smoothies aren't that great. And the flatbread I got wasn't good nor fresh.This used to be my breakfast green smoothie home. Last school year I'd call almost every morning. They knew me by name and my order. Always had it ready to go on time. Never had any problems using my rewards. The 3 stars are for the great service I received in times past. 
Now it's a mess. They have new staff and more of them but somehow service has gotten worst. On my birthday I was so disappointed. First of all I tried to order using the app like I've done several times in the past however the app for some reason wasn't working so I called. The woman who answered the phone was rude. I explained to her that the app wasn't allowing me to order. She then told me she do it over the phone one time as a courtesy but next time I need to use the app. As if I can control the app not working. I walk to the counter and I go to get my birthday reward and the person at the register has no idea what order I'm talking about or how to redeem my birthday reward. Then to top it off my drink isn't even made! 
I wasn't the only person having a bad day there. This other woman was asking for her food to be prepared for a third time and requested that one of the girls not touch her food. I'm assuming it was because of something has happened before I entered.On fridays, I typically go to smoothie king for their $5 Friday deals. To my surprise, Jamba Juice has the same deal for their large Size smoothie! I got the strawberry wild which was okay, but my boyfriend got the Caribbean which was really good! You get a lot of smoothie for a good price. I recommend coming here for you smoothie fix!If it were not for the staff the store would be close. It always something broke they run out of food especially during their specials.Today I wanted breakfast sandwich but the stove was broke The owner needs to get togetherI've always been a fan of Jamba Juice & it's really hard to mess a smoothie up.
- They have promotional deals during the week (pay for a medium & get a large, etc.) 
- Never a wait (in & out within 5 minutes) 
- At Times the smoothies are not blended well & you end up with chunks of fruit in the smoothie 
- Matcha Green Tea Blast is my go tooThe West Coast juggernaut finally invades New Orleans. The store is well-staffed with friendly employees and has indoor and outdoor seating. They serve a wide variety of smoothies, freshly-made juices, wheatgrass, and a small selection of food (hear the oatmeal is pretty legit, haven't tried it yet). Good addition to the CBD. My usuals: Peach Pleasure, Mango-a-go-go (the rare mango smoothie that isn't "Tango" or "Madness").Used to go for Wheatgrass but it is too expensive and I do not think it's organic. The other foods or juices were also not organic, and too pricey for me.What do you do when you're hungry but don't want to chew? Go to Jamba Juice! I personally think this is the best location in the area too (especially compared to Metairie, but that's a whole other review)! I am particularly fond of the staff; they handle a tremendous volume at this location and always keep it together. 
Jamba is affordable and has a wide variety of menu items that are all healthier than Burger King. I'm not a fan of the fresh juices, but I've never tried the bottled juices. Smoothie wise, I like the Apples n' Greens, Kaleribean Breeze, and Orange Dream Machine....It's just like a dreamcicle. The turkey, egg & cheese breakfast wrap is excellent and their little toaster machine gets the outside perfectly brown and crispy. I've never tried the pastries but the crumble cake looks really good. 
They always have deals and special offers going. Wednesday is deal day and oatmeal is only $1, baked goods and wraps are $2, and smoothie bowls, which are out of this world good, are $3. Also if you sign up for the loyalty program you earn points for the money you spend, which results in a $3 coupon, and you get texts which let you know about flash sales and special daily deals. 
I was very skeptical of Jamba when it first came to NOLA, but I'm a huge fan now. Good food (and drinks) and good prices can't be beat!The manager Kayla is completely disrespectful! They are all children working in there with bad attitudes and are very slow! Hung up in my face during a lunch hour rush. Maybe she shouldn't be a manager if she doesn't know how to handle a rush. Mind u store was not that busy when I pulled up to store to ask her why was she being so rude she rectified the situation by saying she would comp my next order for her bad behavior. Needless to say she did not keep that promise the next time I returned about 3weeks after incident, instead she justified it and said she had every right to hang up if busy. I'm contacting corporate because she is completely RUDE!This place is never a bad place to stop at for a quick pick-me-up. Grabbed a mango-a-go-go because I had a gift card & it hit the spot after walking around for a few blocks. The inside was clean & smelled like fruit as soon as you walked through the door. The staff was friendly. Nothing bad to say.The smoothies and bowls were on point with other Jamba Juices. The kids tried the cheese artisan bread for the first time. It was clean and the service was quick. I had mostly good interactions with staff, but the woman that gave me my bowl seemed like she did not want to be there. Nothing really to complain about, maybe she was having a bad day but didn't respond well with me asking how the peanut butter was mixed into the bowl. Pleasant experience all in all. 
Note: I don't usually get this bowl and didn't notice it had peanut butter in it until after I ordered it (my daughter asked for a banana piece on top). My daughter has a digestive peanut allergy, so if it was mixed into the yogurt or under the granola we are ok, but if it's mixed into the granola, I wouldn't take a chance.Just left minutes ago...they opened up late and had attitude. I said "good morning".."thank you" when handed my food..and literally no words back. Never again. Just moved into the neighborhood and never again.I went there Tuesday morning, first time, kinda of threw it together in 2 seconds, was gritty and sour, no eye contact, nothing, not impressed with the service or the drink. Tossed half in trash. Will not return!Everything was delicious and props to Kevan for being helpful and professional 20min before close. You could tell they shut down and cleaned everything and I felt bad about it. But that's a risk you take when you work this type of job and shut down early, I dealt with the same thing myself when I worked in coffee shops. Everything was great, thanks Kevan!I was really pumped to finally try one of these in NOLA.  The smoothie was pretty awesome, it was the mango go go and you could really taste the mango.  And I think it was like $5 and some change, which is a very fair price in the CBD.  
The real reason this location gets 5 stars, though, is that right before I came here, I had to go to two different banks, and I was carrying about $775 around for a rent payment.   I actually left the bank envelopes in the store.  After I got to my car and realized I didn't have them and started freaking out, I called the store and they were holding them at the register for me, with all the cash still inside!  Still good to know there are honest people in the world.I absolutely love Jamba juice . Such refreshing smoothies . Made to order , and always fresh /real fruits used . I always stop here to this location when ever I'm traveling in or out of the city . 
If u havnt tried Jamba juice yet u are missing out on a mirical of life!!Visited here mid-morning on a business task for a quick pick me up. Was not greeted upon entry, and the 1 staff member working in the entire establishment didn't seem to want to be bothered with customers. Ordered an Orange C smoothie and cinnamon roll. The smoothie was great, but the cinnamon roll was dry and a bit hard (not worth the $3.50 for sure). Requested napkins and was told there were none. Used the restroom and found there were no paper towels there either. Will DEFINITELY not return.