The only way to ruin mimosa?  Serve them warm.  We ordered brunch and bottomless mimosas.  We are on our second carafe and both have come up warm.  We would second it back but our waitress (Kayley) is MIA- the kitchen staff has delivered all our food.  
Speaking of food- my husband and I ordered their 3 course brunch ($29.00 each).  We both ordered the same three courses, but for some reason it all came up on the same plates.  We shared a fruit bowl, we shared a plate of French toast (2 small pieces each), and an order of bread pudding.  To be clear- THIS WASN'T FAMILY STYLE DINNING as we weren't given plates to eat off of OR serving spoons. Lucky we like each other because bringing food for two people on the same plate is just plain weird.  Idk what would have happened if this was a first date, we were simply business associates, or one of the other 1000 scenarios where people might not be comfortable eating off the same plate.  
It's a shame because this place has VERY COOL ATMOSPHERE.  Worth checking out- but stick to drinks.  Preferably drinks with ice in them.We popped in for breakfast on a Friday late morning. The place was pretty empty which I felt was probably a sign since every where else was pretty full. 
We were seated with some dirty menus and waited about 5 minutes before our server greeted us. She just walked up to the table and said hi- it was strange. So we asked for a drink menu and I asked if they had iced coffee. She thought about it for a second and then answered no. We ordered waters and asked for time to review there early delivered drink menu. Our server disappeared for awhile and then delivered our waters. We ordered one drink and each an entree. The food took awhile which I expected based on our server who seemed to care less that her job was to wait on us. We received our food which was pretty decent- the hangover cure and bagel breakfast sandwich. The hangover had an excessive amount of cheese on it and I like cheese! 
The ambiance was cute sans the dirty menus but overall, not a NOLA must.Typical French Quarter offering - no personality and overly priced beers. Way too limited a selection of beers considering how this place presents itself.I had a great experience here! The food is great, the atmosphere is warm and the service was excellent! Leah was my bartender, and really liked how attentive and peppy she was. She was a pleasure to talk to as well. Definitely coming back!It was a little confusing trying to find where the actual brewhouse is. Some signs made it look like you can go in the middle of the building except it's some mall?? Once we did find it, I had the raging rye beer which is an IPA. Light and crisp, would definitely recommend this beer. 
Ordered the buffalo fried frog legs. Did not really think it tasted like chicken (if you heard that). The texture is softer and slightly more slimy than chicken. Surprised that there is a sweet hint to the meat. 
Was led to a table that was extremely unstable but they moved us right away once they realized how rocky that corner table was. Had two servers and they were extremely friendly and was on top of all our needs. 
Food is slightly more pricey than what I was looking to pay when I can find it for cheaper 2 buildings down. Mainly came to try the beer thinking that it would be more like a breweryExcellent service and great food. My server kept my soda filled and the host was a wonderful flirt - just what my tired old person needed! I had the brisket sandwich and it was absolutely delicious!Everything we ordered was really good. Nice light snack before dinner. Frog legs were on point, I never had frog legs before. Hurricane :). The beer was smooth and delicious canebrake.Let me start with the fact that I expected to be disappointed with this place. It was Superbowl Sunday, 45 minutes before kickoff, and a group of 8 of us needed a spot in New Orleans to catch the big game. After striking out at a dozen locations, our journey led us to Jax Brewhouse. When we peered through the door, the place was fully seated with the exception of one table on the first floor. We were promptly seated and our waitress took our first round of drinks within minutes of seating. Beer was very good, and the cocktails were decent as well. Food was very good for everyone at the table. Special shout out for the quality of the beignets!  Our waitress was super cool and the service was great, considering she was working the entire section by herself. The value was incredible as well. Upstairs was awesome. Although we did not watch the game up there, its a great spot to rest your feet and get away from the hustle and bustle on the street level.Excellent selection of beers on tap. Jambalaya and brisket fries were delicious! Gr at patio seating to view river and people watch.I've been in town for a week - I've been in 3 times.
First for beers and an appetizer to start the evening (duck bombs are the bomb!) Next for bloody marys to start the day. And most recently for late brunch (smoked salmon).
The food is inventive and delicious. The kitchen's addition of house made ingredients elevates everyday sounding food into truly memorable, fantastic dishes. 
Local beer selection is on point and expansive. Cocktails also great. 
Atmosphere has a chill, hip vibe that's different from most of the places down here.
But the thing that makes it is the staff. Just a few minutes in and you can see they love working with one another and filled with passion for the food and drink they serve. 
Leah rocks as a server - Leah, if you ever want to relocate up north you have have a job at my place in Jim Thorpe, PA!  
Your visit to the quarter's riverfront and French market area is so much poorer of you don't stop at Jax!Went to get a beer at 11am and it seemed like a mission.  Think of the time and I had to wait, got a very rude you can't sit outside unless you order food response.  Did not mind that they told me that just the way the older woman server told me.  Then once inside took forever to get beer and did not have 2 of the beers I asked for.  Again read the time.  Been to many breweries, this one seems more like a tourist trap,  avoid at all cost.Great place. Delicious food. Leah was a personable and genuine waitress. She was awesome.Hard to say how the food and drinks were since we left after waiting for someone to come to our table. 
Got there around 9 and was told that they were closing upstairs for dinner but could sit up there at the bar. Called today and was told that upstairs and downstairs stays open until 10. Don't think it was a private party since they offered for us sit up there at the bar. 
We chose to sit downstairs. Should have know it was going south when there weren't enough menus for our table (3) and one of the ones they gave us had food still on it. 
After no service we decided to leave. Not so much as an I'm sorry from the bar tender that watched us leave. 
Too many options in this city for crappy service and a staff that doesn't want to work. 
It's called a service industry for a reason. If you don't want to provide service then don't work in it.Craft beer good, etouffe Delish, pretty good fried green tomatoes, the duck confit cheese sandwich could use double the duck, brisket sandwich was very good. Atmosphere cool, building was cool. Convenient to Jackson square.poor service beginning with the greeter. she attempted to seat my party at a table that was full of water that was dripping from the air conditioner because she didn't feel like walking us upstairs to the dining room. get upstairs and there are flies everywhere and no air conditioning. the server made us get our own water and my order (shrimp and grits) was covered in some super greasy sauce that made it inedible.Visiting New Orleans for my dirty 30, and decided to stop at Jax Brewhouse for some food and drinks. Our server Danielle Anderson took great care of us! The food was amazing, the brews were tasty! 5 out of 5 stars, would dine again!Had a great time here.  The po boys were awesome and their beer selection had a bit of everything.  Deanna and Mary were super friendly and provided a great experience.  We will definitely come back next time we are in town.We had so much fun here when we went to New Orleans. This bar has great food and music and a view of the river. We went there twice while we were in the city. Their beignets were delicious!Prime location for a stellar bar. Food so-so, could have used more flavor on the brisket. 3 people in my party of 6 ordered it and all said it was better after adding BBQ sauce. BBQ brisket normally is very tasty. Service was very slow. The place wasn't busy and Jesus our server didn't ask us for any beverages or checked in on us to see if the food was good. Kind of disappointing as the place is beautiful on the inside and it's in a great location but with poor service and food the place will tank.Great service and great food if u are looking for some cajun food in new Orleans  they have it for you... great unique  seating and great view overall good place...Awesome decor, relaxed atmosphere-beer is wonderful - I like the Abita Strawberry (but I like ciders). And you can overlook the Mississippi, air-conditioned.We ate here on our first day in NOLA and we had no idea where we were going!  We had made our way from our hotel to the water and decided we would eat somewhere around there.  A host was sitting outside the restaurant and we approached him and told him we couldn't decided where to eat and if he could point us in the right direction.  He had a huge smile on his face and took us upstairs at the Jax Brewhouse and had us sit at a table with the most beautiful view of the Mississippi!  
Our waitress was very personable and friendly.  We tried frog legs for the first time and they were so good! We also had their Beignet's and they were so good!  We didn't feel like we had to go to the famous Cafe Du Monde because we already tried the beignet's.
Great service and great food!First time visiting NOLA and this place. Walked in and waited for about 10 minutes to be seated, no waiter in sight so we decided to walk up stairs. It was crazy busy so we stopped a server to see where we could sit and get served. Normally I would complain about such bad service but it was obvious how busy they were. A lady came to our table with waters and said our server had been notified we were here and he would be there in a few to take our order. About 15 minutes passed and we were served with our muffuletta, kids shrimp, and beignets. All of the food was great!!Very confusing to find but once you find it you wont forget! I believe this place carried a lot of local brews and had a decent selection. Good service and friendly staff. Not a bad place to stop in for a cold one and then walk back out to the madness that is New Orleans.Catfish is amazing! Service was timely and friendly. Good margarita and perfect location...Great food and our waitress Keariea was awesome! The brisket cheese fries were the best I ever had! There was a little mix up with our appetizer but they took care of it right away.  I would definitely eat here again.This space is super cool and what a great location! The problem I found was that it is called a brewhouse. 1. they dont brew anymore. 2. They dont have a great beer selection. What they o have though is a great, rustic, open layout with multiple floors for different activities. Their outdoor patio overlooks the river which is pretty awesome too. I am sure this place is awesome for a concert or private party but to hit this up for lunch and beer like my husband and I did I wasnt too impressed overall.We were looking for a good po'boy... And was nicely greeted at the door and sat in Danielle's section. She was wonderful, she gave us great advice on the menu and she also gave us great suggestions on what spots to visits while in NOLA. If you get a chance stop in and see her!! Thank you Danielle your a gem!!!We came by on a Saturday afternoon.  There was no crowd when the street was packed with people.  We were seated right away on the balcony.  Friendly waitress, but very slow service even by NO standard. She apologize and said she got assigned a big table, but there wasn't any big group there.
Their IPA was good. Beef brisket was ok, but my cannon ball (gator gumbo in a bread bowl) was not good.  It was kind of fishy but had no meat in it.
If you're still going, then watch your step.  The stairs are very dimmly lit and steep and the tiles on the balcony all wobble.  Weird for a brewery where people will get tipsy.Great service and food was good. Love the charm of the building. Def. worth to visit for lunch!Disappointing. I love trying local beer, and I am an EXCELLENT tipper. I am absolutely dumbfounded at how difficult it was to try to get a seat in this halfway empty business.  Was told to go upstairs and go to either the left or the right. Did not tell us that, oh, by the way, if you want draft beer you can only get it in the left. Wearing my Bengals shirt and want to sit in front of the tv showing the Bengals game, and the hostess tries to sit us in front of the Vikings game.  Sigh.  Go to the bar on the radio gut, can only get bottled beer. Go to the bar on the left and the bartender says "I don't serve Bengals fans". Fine, buddy. You just blew a sale, and what would have been a nice tip. Was in a great mood when I entered this establishment, but the complete disorganization ruined that. I was not happy, and it was not a good time to joke. Drinking water, $1 tip. 
Final word: don't even bother coming here.Ordered two tossed greens salad.  It turned out to be a straight spinach salads (which I never would have ordered).  I sent mine back, however, my son did attempt to eat his.  Toward the bottom of the bowl of spinach he started noticing rotten leaves. He was unable to eat the rest of his meal.  I requested to speak with the manager who had to be retrieved from the water front area so the person was not even in the restaurant.  The manager never came to our table but sent the wait staff out to deal with the problems.  Our waitress was constantly having to be found.  The only shining star to the meal was the bartender who was excellent in dealing with the problems even though we didn't order drinks from her.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  Ended up going somewhere else to actually get great food that had the correct description in the menu.Great atmosphere. Great beer. They had live music when we went and the duck bombs were killer good. The food was pretty slow to come out, but we had a fabulous waitress: Kearica! Super friendly. :)I live in Brooklyn, NY, and went down to New Orleans last week for vacation. I stopped by Jax and was very pleased. The food was very tasty, but I usually only give five starts for something exceptional. In this case, that something exceptional was our server, Leah. We were in a huge rush when we arrived at Jax Brewhouse because we were running extremely late to catch a tour that we were taking. We were just too hungry (read: hung over) to go the entire five-hour tour on empty stomachs. We decided to grab a bite at Jax even though we were really cutting it close. Thanks to Leah's quick and accommodating service, we caught our tour bus before it left (against all odds, given my track record for running late!) and managed to do so with a good meal inside of us. Thank you Leah! Oh yeah, and the food: Try the Jambalya... it was fantastic!!Not impressive at all.
Seated outside in the rear balcony overlooking the Mississippi the loose floor plates had me worried. Is this place about to collapse? Ventured briefly inside - the place looked like a messy dive. Front entrance looked just as bad
As for the beer - not terrible but forgetfully average brew. Tried four 8 oz selections and no standouts with the Irish Red being the most disappointing.
On the positive side - Our waitress was pleasant and friendly although forgetful later as I had to hail down another to receive the bill.Beautiful space.  The upper patio area has a great view and the entire place is gorgeous.  Service was average and my drink was gross!I walked in and sat at the bar. The bartender just yapped nonstop with a customer. After waiting some time for service, I walked out. No one said anything. No one cared that they just lost a customer.The only way to ruin mimosa?  Serve them warm.  We ordered brunch and bottomless mimosas.  We are on our second carafe and both have come up warm.  We would second it back but our waitress (Kayley) is MIA- the kitchen staff has delivered all our food.  
Speaking of food- my husband and I ordered their 3 course brunch ($29.00 each).  We both ordered the same three courses, but for some reason it all came up on the same plates.  We shared a fruit bowl, we shared a plate of French toast (2 small pieces each), and an order of bread pudding.  To be clear- THIS WASN'T FAMILY STYLE DINNING as we weren't given plates to eat off of OR serving spoons. Lucky we like each other because bringing food for two people on the same plate is just plain weird.  Idk what would have happened if this was a first date, we were simply business associates, or one of the other 1000 scenarios where people might not be comfortable eating off the same plate.  
It's a shame because this place has VERY COOL ATMOSPHERE.  Worth checking out- but stick to drinks.  Preferably drinks with ice in them.great atmosphere.  Right on the river so you can watch the boats go through. The chicken sandwich is amazing.Sitting here on the 4th been over 30 min and still not ordered no one knows who its to take orders  the hostess was great but she's one person  hope the food is good but not looking good   People next to us are eating their own snacks lol wth it's on the river next to the fireworks show and like the bartender and the hostess are the only ones working for such a "great place" hum  if they cannot handle small crowd how do they handle big crowds I won't be back. 11/2 later no food we paid for drinks eat hot dog on the corner such a disappointment I felt bad for the three staff that was working oh well the hot dog guy came threwGreat location right in the heart of French Quarter. The restaurant is big, and has three floors to it. There was a live band playing music when we arrived during lunchtime, which set a nice ambience for us to enjoy our meal. I felt bad that more people weren't seated in front of the band though - they way each room branches off, the band was basically playing to an empty space. 
They do have outdoor seating on the balcony which makes for a nice place to people watch, if you're lucky and can avoid any of the thunderstorms that frequently come out of nowhere. 
Food and beer were also pretty good. If/when I come back to NOLA, I'd come back to Jax.Food was good here but the brewed beers were the highlight. The ambiance is a perk as well. Service wasn't too bad .Jax Brewhouse exceeded our expectations.  We stopped by for dinner.  It's 3 stories talk with a converted open, modern loft feel.  We were fatties on our last night in NOLA and ordered an app and entree each.  I ordered the Buffalo frog legs and a fried oyster Rockefeller po boy.  The frog legs had a southern fried texture with a dash of Buffalo sauce.  They were very good.  The po boy had fresh baked bread and was very large.  It was a pleasant surprise.  The wife like her fried green tomatoes and brisket sandwich.  The menu is small, but it seems they keep the mantra of less us more and focus on quality.  I recommend coming here if you want a change of food pace from the French Quarter but don't want a long walk to the garden or business district.Great service from Katie and yummy beers! Fun atmosphere and good views of the river.My husband and I came in yesterday and had the absolute best time. The beignets were delicious and the beer was AMAZING. To top it off, we had a fantastic waitress (Leah). She was friendly, outgoing, knew her stuff, and made great recommendations. We were so impressed with the food and service that we came back again today! Leah was our waitress again, and the service was once again superb---she even remembered what we'd had from our previous visit and brought it all out in record time. Considering how many places there are to eat and drink in New Orleans, to come back to the same place twice in a row (especially when on vacation) speaks volumes of this place. We'll be back the next time we visit!Awesome restaurant with cool as couches.  So first most of the tables are set with a couch as half of the chairs which is awesome and relaxing to sit and eat.  The buffalo frog legs were excellent not very gamey at all bits were gamey but overall not bad compared to some I have had before.  The brikset po boy was what I did for dinner and I did it without jalaepanos but it was still excellent crispy bread sweet BBQ sauce and very good pulled pork the potato salad was also great.  The staff was friendly, nice, and accmpondating in making it to go so that we could go on our ghost tour.  I would absurdly come here again and if you are in the area you should to.  Really good friend quick and friendly staff and an overall clean enviroment.  So checj it outOrder everything! We went and ordered almost every appetizer they offered and sat and drank. Upstairs is huge and offers live music, it's a great place to hang off Bourbon St and has incredible service!We rolled into Jax on our last day in NOLA. It was a little early for lunch, but what the heck! We were seated upstairs which has a really nice bar, high ceiling and views of the water. We kept it simple with drinks and an app. Service was good! Our server checked on us multiple times and the food and drinks came out in short order. She did have an issue cashing us out due to a credit car machine problem. But she apologized multiple times about having to run downstairs to use another machine. 
Overall, this is fun spot to visit. They played some good tunes over the music system as well. Oh, and you can't beat the beer selection!Had the most
Amazing brunch. Hangover melt may be one of the best meals I have ever had. Our waitress was so sweet and attentive!!! It's a must !!!!The staff is wonderful. Who can beat lunch sitting on the Mississippi River with a beer flight!Amazing atmosphere!  Hostess was friendly!  Brisket cheese fries as an appetizer were to die for!!!  Small menu overall.  Wish they had a few more options!  Brisket melt was great!!! They were out of potato salad which was a little disappointing since I wanted to try it, and considering it was only noon.  Overall great experience!Great service, view, and drink menu. The alligator gumbo was terrific, and the duck bombs were even better! Try them with the fried green tomatoes, and don't skip dessert; blueberry bread pudding.Awesome atmosphere upstairs! View of the river and a lot of patio dining. Just what we were looking for. The bartender was great, she went out of her way to get what we needed and the service was quick. We got the beignets and brisket cheese fries. The beignets were decent, but the cheese fries were incredible! Definitely try it out!The whole place was awesome! I loved the BBQ shrimp, and the watermelon beer was the friggin business!!!! Yummmmy!!! The staff were the absolute best, especially Mary - can't wait to come back!!!!If it's a nice day outside, you should absolutely come to this place. Sit outside and have a drink with some appetizers. My girlfriends and I came 2 days in a row and easily spent 2-3 hours here each day. The view of the Mississippi River is great and the location is extremely conducive to "people watching"Jax is in the sweet looking Jackson Brewery building that has since been repurposed into a whole lotta random shops, a cafe, and the brewery.  We stopped in for breakfast due to the long lines at Cafe Du Monde, and stood at the host stand for about a minute while the host was at the bar chatting with the bartender and looking at us.  He eventually seated us upstairs in a different bar, and our server greeted us within a few minutes.  I opted for a drink which I couldn't tell had alcohol in it or not but it tasted good, so I wasn't going to complain.
My SO had the breakfast sandwich, and I had the hangover which was good (great brisket) but had tooo much cheese - something I never thought I would say.  The location is really cool, and would be perfect for wedding receptions or other private events, but hopefully a different staff is working than the expertly unenthusiastic bunch we encountered today.  IThis is a fun little pub with a great selection of local brews! It's very conveniently located close to the French Quarter and the service was very good. The beer was great and they have flights, which is always what I like. We tried buffalo frog legs as well and I wouldn't eat them again, but I think that's just because I didn't enjoy frog legs in general. I would definitely come back here again!Where to start...
The horrid service?
The over cooked burger?
The incredibly terrible beers that they have on tap?
The hostess was very not interested in seating us, or other patrons instead telling them all to go upstairs and order food and beer at the upstairs bar.  Once you're upstairs the bar up there wasn't open and the bartender was hosing down behind the bar and all the bar mats.  So back downstairs to the hostess that does not want to seat guests, who was incredibly confused when we asked for a table downstairs.
Waitress, took approximately 7 to 8 minutes to even arrive, at the time an early evening she had 1 other table of 4, my wife and I where a two top.  6 guests, in the off season for toursim shouldn't be an issue.
Menu is standard bar fare, and over cooked, over priced and under seasoned.
Any shrimp ordered are not cleaned, even if they're breaded and deep fried so if you want to eat shrimp poop, please order the shrimp.
Burger tasted as though it was seared, then tossed in a microwave without any thought to seasoning, not to mention extremely over-cooked.
The local "craft" beers...
I ordered a cream beer and my wife an IPA, however there was no difference in taste, both where flavorless beer that leads you wanting much more.
Do not go here, it's terrible food and terrible beer and the staff cannot even begin to offer good or acceptable service.This place was a nice little surprise while we were out and about looking for some Halloween fun that wasn't too crazy.
We were here for a few drinks at the upstairs bar. I love the view from the balcony area and the nice breeze coming off of the river was really pleasant. I couldn't stay out there long because, even though it was a warm-ish night, the breeze from the river made it quite cool.
They have a pretty decent selection of local beers on draft. I didn't see anything that really blew me away or anything that was that unusual or hard to come by at other spots, but I appreciated that they had so many local taps. There are a few big screens, which makes me think that this is probably a hot spot during football games.
This place feels a lot like Happy's with a more local vibe. I didn't have any food, but they have a full menu of sandwiches and other hot dishes.Horrible customer service.
Don't waste your time here. They were very rude, it felt like I was bothering them. Go somewhere they appreciate your businessI've been here twice, once just for a beer & again for lunch/beer. Service was very good both times, prices are reasonable, and I highly recommend the duck bombs (bacon wrapped duck on skewers...its an appetizer)  and the roasted romaine salad with shrimp. We ended up ordering a second round of the duck bombs. There were several other "potential" orders to consider for dinner but we ended up somewhere else. The beer is very good...if you like an IPA, try the Holy Roller.Stopped in for just one drink before leaving this awesome city, but felt a need to write a review due to the picture I'm posting. 
Ambiance and decor were very cool. Bartender was nice and quick. I will definitely return to spend more time here when I'm back in New Orleans.Great all around. Great local drafts, great service. Good prices for all the beers and a great brunch. There's live music on the weekend. Would definitely recommend stopping in. Had a great bartender named Blake that seemed to know everything. I come here all the time.Far from the best place to eat in New Orleans! Nice view and cool looking place but the food is over priced for what it is. The fried shrimp was good but small served over a bed of over salted soggy fry's. The red beans and rice could be the worst in New Orleans. Don't drink any beers but I hope it's better than the food!Went to NOLA for a quick girls trip. It started to rain while visiting Jackson Square so we ran into Jax Brewhouse for a quick cocktail. Leah gave us great service, great suggestions and AWESOME cocktails. Make sure if you visit New Orleans, make your way to Jax and ask for Leah!!! Beignets were good too!!!Absolutely amazing food! Wish I could take then home to L.A. California. If you get a chance ask for Deana she knows the best foods and the area!Food took forever to come. Help was rude. Drinks were mixed wrong. I'll never come back.Amazing building the gift shop is best prices almost. Place is alawys full hard to get a table. People are extremly nice and helpful.Cool bar.   Cool atmosphere.   Nice setting.   And  its nawlins so doesn't get any better.  Beer only stop hence the 4.  No issues.  Mary was funny too.Jax Brewery: great service from Leah, very friendly and knowledgeable about the beers. Duck Bombs, the bomb. Simply Delicious.Loved it here. Get the Jax appetizer, it's delicious. Very laxed environment with great live music.overall I was pretty darn happy with this place. came here twice while I was in New Orleans earlier this week and left happy both times.
the first time my boyfriend and I each got a flight so we could try some local beers. it was only $9 per flight which was pretty awesome, and the flights were a decent size too. the second time we came for dinner and I got the Shrimp & Grits -- delicious! it was my first time having the dish and I loved every forkful that I could manage to consume before getting too full. I also tried their Pimm's Cup cocktail which has quickly become one of my favorite drinks. it had a lot of cucumber flavor, but it was really refreshing and really tasty. would definitely recommend this place!Clay has been extremely accommodating and personable, and has really done well to make us feel at home here. I'm from Texas, but I would totally take this place as a repeat performance. Cheers to him, and thank you!!Food was great! Ronald and Kaylee were awesome and helped us avoid some tourist mistakes.
We'll be back. Thanks guys!Great experience! Had the pleasure of being served by Leah at the bar upstairs and she was super friendly and knew our drink orders by the second round. Loved the cheese fries too. Keep up the good work!This review is based solely on my experience at the bar, and not on the food. That being said the upstairs bar here is top notch! I love the industrial decor, the amazing views of the Mississippi, the breeze coming off of the river and the fact that not only are the bartenders friendly, they also know how to make one hell of a Sazerac! 
They have a great selection of local beers on draft, and I love that they offer a beer flight option to give folks the opportunity to sample a few different brews before committing to just one. Matt ended up settling on Urban South Holy Roller IPA and I must admit, although I'm not a huge beer fan aside from Abita Strawberry and the occasional Stella, at 6.3% ABV Holy Roller is definitely bringing something unique to the table. It's one of the most aromatic beers I've ever sampled, with strong floral notes and citrus flavor. Naturally I ended up going with a Sazerac. Katie was our bartender, and the girl knows what she's doing! The sazerac she concocted specially for me was most definitely one of the best I've ever had in the city, aside from Galatoire's 33. 
I'll have to wait until my next visit to try a few items from their menu, but for now I can confidently say that overall Jax is a great spot to stop, relax and grab a few drinks with friends if you find yourself aimlessly roaming around the French Quarter.Waiter was awesome. Brisket fries were amazing and the ice cold beer choices were above average! AAA+++Beer was good. The Rye had a nice roasted flavor to it. Unfortunately, they came in glasses fresh from the dish washer, because that's all they had. We couldn't get seated upstairs with the live music, because we had a kid with us.For its location this place is truly 5 stars , right in the middle of French quarter on the Mississippi River bank .... What a view .... Beautiful , though the place does not have any outdoor seating to make use of it .
Secondly, jax brew house , as name suggests it shd be famous for its jax beer , how will you feel when u enter the bar at prime time 6 pm and bartender tells you they r out on Jax beer ... That was bit weird . We end up ordering La 31 beer which was quite good and Moscow mule which was decent not among the great cocktails I had in New Orleans .
Bartender was nice , welcoming , informative and easy talker . 
Place decor is pretty nice n rustic with iron staircase , big huge leather couches . It's 3 floor big bar and offers food too though I didn't get chance to try food here .
Overall pretty decent place but I will expect jax beer on tap for my next visit .The steamed shrimp were good. The brisket sandwich was a little small for the price but delicious. The oyster poboy was great as well. The service is where it lost stars. The hostess didn't know whether or not they had any tables open outside. And the server disappeared for most of our time. Took 25 min just to order lunch after ordering our apps.