Went here tonight to watch the saints game. Excellent food, service, and atmosphere. We went with 3 kids and 4 adults. Perfect place to watch the game and enjoy a night out.We enjoyed takeout from JB's Fuel Dock on Saturday.  The eggplant fries were fresh and tasty.  "The Margarita Pizza is delicious" from my wife that is picky about her Margarita Pizzas.  Looking forward to trying the wings this week.Enjoyed some very good meals here since JB's recent opening.  This is the perfect setting for a  laid back experience on the water watching sailboats heading out. This is the only resturant located on the west side of the New Basin Canal and is located at the eastern end of West End Park. Eggplant fries, wings, salads and pizza are delicious and affordable. The inside decor is rustic and polished with great options to sit outside with your pup as well.Off work late and looked for a place that we could get a good salad and a pizza, tired of the usual suspects in the neighborhood so I Yelped and found this little hidden gem.  Wednesday must not be a busy night so we walked right in and were told to sit where ever we liked.  Probably should of chose the bar so we could of chatted it up with the waitress/bartender but the hubs chose a table instead.  I ordered hydration from her then headed to the table to wait for service.  After a couple of questions we settled on two house Italian salads and a large pizza supreme.  Salads were large enough for two but we were starved and both ate our own. They were tossed in a very tasty Italian dressing but not over kill or soggy and chuck full of black olives, salami and cheese mixed in.  Yummy my plate was cleaned.  Then came the pizza and we dove right in that I forgot to take a pic but before I did I exclaimed how fresh all the ingredients were.... well that was all she wrote.  We killed the pizza almost with a couple of slices left for the man for breakfast.  I love trying new places and not be disappointed.  I hope to go back closer to dusk to watch the sun set and enjoy the cool breeze on the dock with some frosty hydration again real soon.  Welcome JB and I wish you continued success and will be back real soon.Just a little bar and pizza joint, hidden back in the West End area near the yacht club. I only go back here on bike rides or on my way to launch my kayak, so I never would have found this place in passing--only because of good Yelp reviews. 
When we drove up, the place looked packed and I was discouraged, but then we realized that was the bar that was packed. We easily found a table.
It really is a simple little bar and pizza place, with some outdoor seating on the dock, with an area for boats to pull up. So this will be pretty simple review.
The beer selection was actually limited. I settled for the obligatory "local craft" Abita Amber. 
We ordered the supreme pizza and it was very good. The crust was great. Definitely one of the better pizzas I've had in a while.
Our service was okay. It's a small place, and we were one of two tables, so the service really should have been a little better, but it was okay. 
Overall--looking for casual pizza and drinks? Give it a shot. I can imagine in better weather this place will be more active, by the way, since it's right on the marina. A better beer selection would get this place 4 stars.Cute little joint on the water. Service was friendly and fast. Food was just mmmkaayy. Salads were basic but fresh. Pizza didn't wow me. The crust is good although oversauced with a spicy ragu style red sauce. It's fine but nothing that would bring me back for the food. The interior is small with a long bar which you can belly up for drinks or food and other tables surrounding. They have tables outside both shade and sun. I biked here and sat outside and enjoyed having the water view although their fuel pumps are also on said patio so the smell of fuel also is in the air if you sit too close. All in all it's a solid 3stars.Went back a second time, and sat at a table on the dock. Had to practically ask one table to move aside so we could get to our table... 
then we sat for a while. We saw no sign of a server after sitting for a few minutes,  so we went to the bar. The two people working seemed stressed and avoided eye contact. 
We left.
It was busy, but not crazy busy. The tables inside were empty and there were one or two tables outside. The bar was full but not overly packed.Great place to go, foods good and plenty of tv's for watching sports and the staff is awesomeGood food not constant kitchen closes too early In weekend but
 Bar stays open you have to sit outside if you want to put 2 tables togethetA great find right on Lake Pontchartrain... excellent supreme pizza, eggplant fries were yummy and if you love garlic you will love the garlic knots!!! Friendly staff ... excellent prices!!Great environment, great pizza. The view is lovely! I love the restored floors. Service is quick. Makes for great left overs and reheats pretty well. Been here a few times. Menu is small, but I don't mind. Can't wait to go back.Was looking for a nice place to have a drink. Bartender was friendly. Met a local gal named Erin! Very entertaining!It was our first time and we will definitely be back.  Loved the pizza and the eggplant fries.  It was so nice sitting outside and watching the boats go by.  My only issue is that garbage can outside was disgusting and the wings tasted like they had been cooked more than once.I chose the spot because of the location - which is awesome! My buddies were giving me a hard time when we showed up because it is small and not what they necessarily wanted when visiting NOLA but the Hail Mary pass was caught! The wings and knots were great and the pizza was killer! Crispy crust (which is hard to find) great sauce - flavors were on point. Definitely recommend.I enjoy visiting this place. Nice, peace, and just enough guest. I found it on Yelp &  agree; I want everyone to know how great it is, but want to keep it like a neighborhood restaurant-comfortable & cozy! The pizza is large, love the fries, & the drinks are reasonably priced. Friendly staff & locals!The cheese pizza from here is def one of my favs! The two times that I've gotten pizza from here the pizza has been delicious! It's not a thin crust, but it's not extra doughy. It's hard to explain! This means you have to go check them out. The garlic knots are good too, but they're just that GARLIC knots. Still good though . I guess they're called garlic knots for a reason. They're always very nice on the phone, quick service, and it is conveniently located right by my house! Prices are def on point too! Why go to a pizza chain when you can support local and it's 10xs better!We love the pizza and the eggplant sticks are absolutely delicious and plentiful. We usually get takeout for football games but occasionally eat on the dock watching the boats and admiring the public art there. I thought I had a picture but I'll have to go back this weekThis is our new favorite pizza spot! Fun atmosphere & on the water. The pizza is delish and the garlic knots are covered with flavor! My son and I will definitely be back soon!Awesome pizza- thin with a crispy delicious crust. Ate every last bite! Great view of the water. Almost feels like you are at the beach but you are really out at West End. We will definitely be back!I'm glad I found this place I love sitting outside and I love eating! I came here with my mom and my sister because I decided I wanted pizza. We arrived and it was order at the bar service. The bartender was by herself so it was a wait bless her heart she was great. I ordered the lemon pepper wings extra crispy and they were horrible. I ordered the mozzarella sticks and they were less than. I enjoyed the margarita pizza but it wasn't anything to to jump for joy. I did enjoy sitting outside by the water and the bartender was friendly. Is this place hidden yes but it's definitely not a gem. I would def come back and get the garlic knots , Caesar salad and sit outside and drinkWe live in Lakeview and got a pizza from them, carry out. It was disappointing. I honestly wondered if it was a frozen pizza they cooked. I still have 3 stars because the price was okay, they were nice, it was quick.Delicious! Get the Italian salad. It's a really cool location especially when the weathers nice and they open the windows out onto the dockLove it!!!  Pleasantly, relaxed crowd coupled with a beautiful lakeside atmosphere. Very nice folks altogether enjoying the water, well done!I walked in here shortly after they opened. There was a man behind the bar cleaning up. I stood there for a minute before asking for a miller lite. He responded very curtly how he isn't the bartender, the bartender is late as hell, he can't use the register, he can't help me. Then he walked away. I understand he is frustrated that his coworker is late but there is no reason to take it out on me. I would fire this dick before he costs you more customers.Good eats all around great atmosphere great people an a dock and fuel !! Bonus credits!!!First time in new orleans and found this cool place with some bomb pizza was a little too hungry coming in so i didn't take a picture prior to eating but very cheesy & def recommend the supremeI love this little bar! It's right on the lake making for such a chill and relaxing atmosphere. When I went, the restaurant across the lake had a band which was loud enough for us to hear and enjoy. Unfortunately, we ordered a pizza that was nothing special. We ordered a small pepperoni pizza and added bacon and jalapeños. The pizza was very doughy and the bottom was covered in flour. The bacon was also very chewy. We ordered a Cesar salad that made up for the unimpressive pizza. The salad was drenched in a delicious dressing and covered in Parmesan cheese and croutons.A bunch of us stopped in between Christmas and New Years for lunch.  Everyone enjoyed the garlic knots they were very good. We ordered wings which were good.  The pizza's came and we tried a 3 different pizzas. Each was very good.  I think that this a pretty cool place to hang out on the lake and not have to spend a fortune. The prices are very reasonable and the place in comfortable.  Will be back and hoping more people patronize this placeLove the location   Really brings you back. Garlic knots Caesar-salad and pizza   Delicious and laid back.We ended up at JB's at the last minute on Endymion Saturday.   Not too crowded and the food was amazing.  We ordered the wings and eggplant fries which were great.  The pizzas were cooked perfectly and the service was very sweet and attentive.  I would definitely recommend but thought twice about writing a review as I wouldn't want too many in the area to know about my new found favorite pizza place!;)
If you are looking for great pizza in a place with great views you should definitely check it out!!!Great pizza and atmosphere. Simple enough menu (which I love), and the eggplant sticks are to die for! Since my first visit, my boyfriend and I have ordered takeout a number of times. The staff were fun and friendly, and the prices are extremely reasonable. You get the right amount of quality food for the price tag. 
Definitely check this place out if you're in Bucktown looking for cheap eats, drinks, a beautiful view of the lake.Great atmosphere and scenery!  Incredible, friendly and accommodating staff. Nice specials and fantastic pizza!Great pizza good music and nice atmosphere. Plenty of outdoor seating and outdoor ordering in the back. Fun to watch the boats go in and out. Service was great.I love this place. Incredible location. Decent food. Dive bar feel is finally in Lakeview. The only reason I gave is it 4 stars is because of the beer prices. I would go here all the time (I live less than a mile away) if they had just 1 cheaper beer option. But I can't consistently wrap my head around 4 dollar for Coors light (or bud light) draft (or 3.50 bottle). They have cheaper beer at the Felix's and the Blue Crab which are in some respects "nicer". I mean this place hits the nail on the head in all other aspects. I just wish they had 1 cheaper beer option.So, I guess the secret is out..
JB's Fuel Dock is / was a little hidden secret place to get away from the lakefront crowds.  Go during the week if you just want to take a break from everything.  Even on the weekend, it's not too crowded.  The pizza and anything with their handmade dough is excellent!  .. but don't tell too many peopleOkay.  Hidden but not such a gem.   Food was bland. Service was horrible one person was waiter, bartender and cashierCame here yesterday for the Saints game! Really loved the crowd there. Older people who all seemed like regulars. Small place but they do have a few tables outside overlooking the water. The staff are all really friendly. The owner even grabbed us an extra table so we can all sit together. The only downside at JB's is the limited menu. They only serve apps, pizza, and salads.This little hidaway on the marina has some fantastic scenery to go along with its awesome food.  It is a tiny little building, about as wide as a residential trailer, but has a fresh amd quaint atmosphere.  The menu is simple however offers enough variety for even the pickiest eaters.  
We ordered the mozarella sticks and a 10 inch pepperoni pizza.  The appetizer was somewhat generic, but the marinara was so robust that it didn't matter.  Our pizza had the perfect crunch in its crust, being a hand tossed pizza and the amount of pepperoni and cheese was just right. 
We didnt order anything from the bar, but they had a small selection of beer and wine. Overall, we are adding this place to our list of restaurants to revisit.This place has some of the best pizza I've had in New Orleans. Great wings too. 
Really nice setup, lots of TVs, cool bar, and right on the water. Staff is also very nice. 
This place is a gem in West End.  I highly recommend it.I love some pizza and they have that on lock . Being able to sit on the deck and eat while enjoying the water is very nice . They have pizza specials that are always changing to go along with the normal menu . Come out and watch the saints on the deck on the projector screen .What a gem! I absolutely love the ambience of this place. Just look at the view! The place is cozy but the outside deck is where you want to be. You overlook blue crab and landrys and watch the boats. We went on a Friday and witnessed a gorgeous all lit up wedding. 
The service was on point. I wish I could remember his name but he was a young man in his early 20s with brown hair and a nice smile. He was very accommodating and kind. 
The menu isn't huge; it is mainly pizza dishes. The pizza was thin crust and no real crazy, out of the box ingredients. Simple food with a fantastic view. Love it!Awesome pizza! And they just added a burger and a frozen bushwacker to the menu, which ate both really good. Amazing atmosphere! The staff is great! Kid and pet friendly. Lots of outdoor seating on the water. You can get there by car or by boat. And there's plenty of room to dock boats. They also sell fuel for any boaters needing to fill up. Everyone should definitely check it out!Hidden gem! Crawfish on the weekend! Phenomenal!!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously. Unreal.
Great bar, great food,  good times!
Awesome location! Come see for yourself!!Great place. The atmosphere is relaxing and the food is delicious. The staff is very friendly. One of my favorites to enjoy a relaxing meal on the waterJB's Fuel Dock is a popular neighborhood pizza joint with a good bar for getting pizza and sandwiches on the lakefront.   They have seating indoors and even more seating outside.  They have some pleasant views from their outdoor dining areas and they often have different drink specials on offer.  The pizza is decent and there are not many other places to get pizza near the lakefront.  The bar inside takes up about half of the indoor space so there usually seems to be available seats there if all the outside seating is taken but they have so much outdoor seating I've never seen it close to being at capacity.  The service is friendly but you generally have to take your drink up to the bartender to get refills as you put your order in at the bar and all service has been from the bartender on all my visits.  
Overall this is a great spot for enjoying some nice views at the lakefront with some good drinks and decent food.
My video review of JB's Fuel Dock is here:
https://youtu.be/b5EbhqCuevgOn my way to a Saints game party... was told their largest pizza was 16 inches. When I arrived to pick it up, it didn't even fill the box!  When I got to the party with the embarrassingly small pizza.... I measured it & it was only 12" in a 14" box!  No way a 16-inch could have fit in the 14" box.. If the server, had been accurate with her answer, I would have made a different order or gone somewhere else where they had REAL 16-inch pizza.On a bike ride and stopped to get a cold beverage and pizza . Wonderful location on West End Park, on the Basin Canal across the canal from Felix's. Outdoor covered seating. We enjoyed watching the boats traveling up and down the canal. Staff was very friendly, great service, restrooms very clean. The best part, and this is a huge claim, the pizza was delicious!! In fact so delicious that I would venture to say it reminded me of Pizza Delicious!! So thrilled to say that we have found our new go to stop for Pizza!Love this place.  Not a lot on the menu but great Pizza and cool location.  Beers on tap are reasonably priced also.Just sat down and already love it. Outdoor seating on the water, live music playing across the water. Brought our 3 kids and they're content to watch the boats drive by. Food also delicious! Will be back many times!This place is so easy to love! terrific food: my go to place for Pizza Margarita and a truly high end burger. They have eggplant fries that are only matched by Giorlando's Restaurant. 
Service: you order at a walkup window, they announce your name when the order is ready (at the next window).
Seating is in three areas: a narrow porch along the canal side, an open area along the south side of the building, and a covered shelter-like area a bit further from the open area. All eating areas face the water.
Prices are fair. Service is quick. Beer is cold. Food is very good.Tasty pizza but for a 14" pizza I got totally ripped off. 
Considering area of a circle can be calculated with the equation 2 x 3.14 x r, let's see how much pizza I am missing.
Area of an 11in pizza = 380. Sq in
Area of a14 in pizza = 615 sq inch
I'm missing nearly half a pizza.
I called the restaurant to let them know that their pizza is way smaller than advertised. Their response was  "Well, there's nothing we can do. Sorry."
Frustrsted.Calzone without ricotta?  1st and last time here.  Folded a pizza and baked it.  Pizza was a 3 at best sorry if I was drinking and sitting enjoying the view it would be a 4.Have been there a few times and the service is always poor.  The pizza is great and love to bring my dog and sit outside.  When the owner is there things are much better.
The other night due to carona going back to more restrictive we went armed with masks and hand sanitizer.  I can't tell you how many patrons refused to comply and were adamant about it.  The waitress at the window was selective in requiring masks.  When I pointed it out to her after standing in line behind a couple that one of them had a mask around his neck and the other had none;  she argued and said they both had them on.  I told her I had a pic.  She continued to argue then left the window.
Before that occurred several of us asked her to turn the heavy metal blaring music down or off so we could talk.  Last week there was no music from the fuel dock and we listened to the bands from across the canal.  It was really nice.  She said she couldn't do that.  She was rude and self-consumed.  This is otherwise a great place to enjoy the outside with some drinks, food, and friends.  It was like a bar the other night and they weren't being safe.  I would like this to stay open since so many are closing.Pizza was good. Also had the Buffalo and lemon pepper wings, both lacking flavor especially the lemon pepper.