Just like jimmy johns always says "crazy fast". Good spot for a quick delicious sub. Great prices and they deliver in the cbd by bike. I also believe delivery is free or dirt cheap like 75 cents.Good for a quick cheap sandwich but not amazing just an Im in a rush place that's better than subway.I absolutely love Jimmy John's. Not only are their sandwiches tasty but they make (and deliver) the sandwiches quickly which is important considering this store's location. Why did I not give the store more stars? Their in-store customer service is AWFUL. It's so bad that it is almost laughable. One of the workers agrued with me that a sandwich came with sauce and it doesn't. A different employee had a full conversation with someone else while she was "taking" my order over the phone. Most recently, an employee got frustrated that I wanted to pay for an order I placed with different forms of payment. I requested separate tickets for each order so I don't understand what the problem was. Oh, and it literally left the register mid-payment without telling me. Talk about awkward!Took almost an hour for delivery of sandwich, chips and drink- less than a mile away. I could have overlooked that until the drink was wrong (sweet instead of unsweet tea) and no napkins in the bag. Never again at this location.This place is great! I went twice in the week I was staying in New Orleans and was completely satisfied both times. I wish we had one in California because of the speed and the quality!We came to Jimmy Johns after an evening of drinking, so I was super hungry.  That being said, the service was fast and subs were ready quickly!This place is awesome! Naomi did an excellent job in the morning taking an order for 15 sandwiches to be delivered to the convention center for the volleyball tournament!  They arrived on time and every sandwich was delicious and perfect!  Great execution!I absolutely love Jimmy Johns, but this location definitely needs some work on their quality control. The last time I ordered from the CBD Jimmy Johns there was a hair in my sandwich, and today there was quite literally one piece of turkey in my Beach Club. The uptown location'a sandwiches are definitely superior to this one. If they work on quality control it could be great because the location is fantastic.Quality sandwiches delivered quickly every time. My go to several times a week with my busy work schedule. Thanks guys! .... Just don't forget my bacon (only happened once).Clean. Fast. Flavorful. Helpful to us fresh in the city. Greeted by staff with a sense of urgency, but balanced with service. Men's bathroom was out but we all used the lady's. Ate the #10 minus cheeze plus onions.Goodbye, Subway(s) in the CBD.... HELLLLLLO, JIMMY JOHNS!
Ludicrous amount of seating.  Very clean.  Sandwiches?  BAMF! Done, here ya go! Have a nice day.  
CHEAPER THAN SUBWAY AND YOU GET MORE!
I have found my new favorite cold sub sandwich place!I've had Jimmy John's about four times since they have opened. Three times delivered and once I ordered at their counter. I try to get something different each time to try out all of their different options. Everything I have tried so far has been great.
I love how much you can customize your order when you place an online order for delivery. It is fairly simple and highly organized. The delivery is free and it is scary fast how quick they get it to you! They are very fast when you order at their counter as well.
I will definitely have them deliver again. It is very convenient for us to have our lunch delivered in the CBD with great speed and accurate service.Jimmy John's makes a pretty solid sandwich. I had the Italian Night Club with hot peppers, which gave the sandwich a nice kick to go with a pretty good french bread. Overall, it was a solid sandwich that was made very quickly, and I will return. The location had a strange smell, though, that was not appetizing to say the least. I would recommend a takeout order instead.I love Jimmy Johns because of their amazing subs and fast delivery but their lack of consideration and customer service earned them 1 star. 
     We come to the convention center and work the trade shows so we are unable to leave our booth.  
     Jimmy Johns would deliver to hall D but refused to deliver to hall J even though it's the same building. They delivered the first few days without a problem and even tipped generously but for some reason they refused the following day. I even called and spoke to The manager, Grant, and explained the situation and he still refused. 
Ridiculous!There's not much to say about JJ except...quick, cheap, and easy. They really do have freaky fast delivery and when you need something at work in a hurry or just don't want to leave the office, JJ satisfies! Also, treat yourself to a chocolate chip cookie and don't forget the day old bread is 50 cents and delicious.Ordered a j.j.BLT it came out to 4.91 with tax. The bread was a little stale/chewy. The taste was good half way thought the sandwich and lacking in the 1st half. Overall okay experience. I think subway still has fresher breads and you can choose what you want not like the sandwich I had.The subs are fulfilling and fresh. And the menu is so easy to read. Overall bomb.com!!Sorry Subway.  I may still show you some love from time to time, but with Jimmy John's new location on Poydras Street just 2 blocks from my office, I've found my new cold sub store.
For those of you who have never heard of Jimmy John's, it's a sandwich store that touts itself  as having the "WORLD"S GREATEST GOURMET SANDWICHES".  That's a bit of a stretch, but it's more of a catch phrase rather than a bona fide statement.
Jimmy John's serves up cold subs and they have kept their menu big enough to keep you coming, but small enough so that the employees can make your sandwich at the speed of light.  In fact, it seems that fast service is what they are all about.  Even the backs of the employees uniform shirts are emblazened with the phrase" SANDWICHES MADE SO FAST YOU'LL FREAK"!  And they aren't kidding either.  When you order your sandwich, you better be dead set on what you order because you won't have time to change your mind.  I truly believe that they make most sandwiches in 60 seconds or less.
Now that the formalities are done with, let's talk about the food.  JJ's menu is quite simple and it's divided into 2 main sections.  Basically they serve 8" subs (7 varieties)  and their giant "club" sandwiches (11 varities).  All of their sandwiches are served on homemade "Subway" style bread, albeit a little softer than the competitions'.
I've tried several of the sandwiches and will briefly describe a few:
1.  The #4 (Turkey Tom) is their original sandwich and is simply a turkey sub.  I'm not sure what brand of cold cuts they use, but it's a quality meat such as Boar's Head and it's simplistically delicious.
2.  The #2 (Big John) is the "medium rare" roast beef and it's one of their best sandwiches (in my opinion).  But if you don't like your roast beef really pink, don't get it.
3.  The #10 (Hunter's Club) is the same medium rare roast beef as the #2, but it's made with a full 1/4 pound of meat.  This sandwich is delicious and has enough protein to keep you full for hours.
4.  The #9 (Italian Night Club) is one of the more popular sandwiches and is another favoite of mine.  It'a made with real genoa salami, Italian Capicola, smoked ham and provolone cheese.  (FYI - aks for hot peppers on this sandwich for a real treat).
5.  The piece de resistance is their J.J. Gargantuan, which is a BEAST of a sandwich made with "tons of genoa salami, sliced smoked ham, capicola, roast beef, tirkey & provolone.  The faint of heart need not order this as it is 'manly" meal!  However, I managed to put this bad boy down with ease; but I am a true foodie.
If you're trying to watch everything you eat AND want to limit your carbohydrate intake, try th JJ Unwich.  It has the same ingredients as everything on the menu, but wraps the sandwich in lettuce and loses the bread.  Same great taste and almost no carbs.
Jimmy John's employees are very friendly and they greet everyone as soon as they walk in the door.  The restaurant is impeccably clean, the service is friendly and fast and they deliver.  What more could you want in a sandwich shop? (Well I'll tell you)
The only reason I don't give JJ's 5 stars is that I feel that at least one hot sandwich should be on the menu.  However, this is just a personal preference.  JJ's is awesome and highly recommended.
Don't forget to ask for your hot peppers!Ok, definitely some less than stellar reviews here. I was in town for a conference and got JJs twice, both experiences were totally fine. I agree that customer service was underwhelming, but it's a sandwich shop so I'm not looking for much here. Seemed decently reliable and clean, and the food was good--on par with what I've had at locations in other states.I live exactly a half mile away, and when I tried to order delivery, they said "we don't go there."  I got the sense that it was more a matter of "we don't feel like going there."I've ordered a lot from this location and live within a 10 min walk. Delivery usually takes much longer than that (my fault for being lazy). Multiple times, the delivery person (guy and gal) forgot to give me my 2nd bag, forcing me to call the main shop and have them come back. The food is decent and cheap.Horrible customer service at the downtown Jimmy Johns. They forgot two items on my sandwich. I called and the manager said I was wrong, so either i'm blind or lying. The quac on a veggie sandwich is the only thing worth paying money for. Manager refused to credit my visa. I am not taking time from work to go out in pouring rain to prove them wrong. Seriously manager, maybe someone actually made a mistake, but don't tell me I'm wrong when two items are obviously missing. Bikers are dangerous also.The workers here are always on their game! Having recently been diagnosed with diabetes, I heard about JJs Unwhiches so I stopped by today to give them a shot. I had the Italian Night Club unwhich and it was absolutely amazing! I think it tastes better without the bread, so much more flavor and hardly any carbs!! Carb counters rejoice!!!!Fair warning... This review is solely based off the lack of delivery area and not the food at all.  Actually, my college years were spent eating Jimmy Johns and I did enjoy the food and was hoping to eat it again. 
Unfortunately, when they made the delivery map for this new location, they didn't zoom out enough and only part of the warehouse district is included in their delivery area. C'mon Jimmy Johns get it together and include the entire CBD and warehouse district in your delivery area.  Until that happens, I will not get a chance to relive my college years with your delightful sandwiches.Had the #9 the other day and can't stop thinking about it. I want another one! In the land of poor boys this sub still stands out!!!I give it two stars for the enthusiastic staff and cold ice cubes. 
My roast beef sandwich featured a single thin slice of tasteless roast beef, a few lonely shreds of lettuce and three slices of tomato that I had asked to be withheld. The tomato I took off myself and wasn't a big deal. The bread was bland and tasteless as well. The sandwich didn't compare very favorably with a refrigerated gas station sandwich. 
The menu didn't do anything for me. Bland combinations of stale food. You can walk into any corner grocery in NOLA and find something you will like. But not at JJ. 
Chips were ok and the ice was fresh.Obviously you know what you're getting when you're ordering Jimmy John's, so this review isn't about the quality of the food (totally what you'd expect, AKA decent for fast food) so much as the freakishly fast service.
Twice during the course of our vacation in New Orleans we found ourselves unable to function in the morning. The first time, after significant debate, we decided to just order Jimmy John's for delivery because we were feeling cheap and wanted something really basic. We used the website to place the order online, so we didn't talk to anyone on the phone or anything.
From the moment we submitted the order until we had a knock on our hotel room door (several blocks from this particular location) took only ELEVEN MINUTES.
Eleven minutes. It's absolutely insane. I would have thought the sandwiches were pre-assembled if they didn't have the specific ingredients/substitutions we requested.
We were intrigued so a couple days later when we found ourselves again unable to go hunt food down, we decided to double down and try ordering again, figuring the first time was a fluke. We just wanted to see what would happen, this was really as much for our entertainment as for the food.
IT ONLY TOOK FIFTEEN MINUTES.
Seriously, I still can't fully grasp how this happened. I have never received such prompt (and accurate) delivery service in my life, anywhere.
So yeah, as far as food quality, you know what you're getting. But the service is absolutely unreal.Am I the only one that thinks these sandwiches are small?  Ok, I can get the gigantic sized options but that costs way out of my budget. Original size a bit small for the price.   I'm not giving a bad review here..just not getting the Jimmy John craze.  These are not gourmet sandwiches so not sure why that's even being advertised.  Is it better than Subway?  Slightly, but subway allows you to get creative, Spinach and olives etc. can be good on certain sandwiches and two dollars cheaper than Jimmy Johns. I ordered a roast beef here at this location.  REALLY FAST, which is why I'm not giving less stars and the sandwich wasn't bad, just not great, just a basic cold cut sandwich. As I finish it now (started eating it as I began this review) and I was right......it was too small.   Am I still hungry as finish my last bite now? yeah....
A-ok...I didn't need a big lunch anyway.Was in NOLA on vacation. Me and the hubby wanted to eat light that night so we decided to check out JJ's to see what that had to offer being subway was closed again early. Walked in JJ's was very clean & greeted by very friendly staff that were helpful in making our choices. Not only service was done well but very efficiently. They need to brings some JJ's to the New York Area. Queens to be exact.Horrible service. Some coworkers and I ordered some subs for delivery and were sorely disappointed. They deliberately ignored our delivery instructions, possibly due to racism. They couldn't tell the difference between a godly chocolate chip and a pathetic raisin, which was totally unsatisfactory to us, and when we realized they had given us the wrong cookies, part of the only reason we decided to place an order in the first place... they fucked it up. Upset af. And they gave us no condiments or napkins. I guess they knew I wouldn't need napkins for my dry ass bread.I usually like Jimmy Johns. I've eaten there dozens of times. When I visited New Orleans, it was a convenient place to grab lunch. Being a vegetarian, I ordered the vegetarian sandwich. Right as I was about to take the last bite, I noticed meat on the bottom of the sandwich that I had been holding and probably ate. I was disgusted, but it was the lunch rush and I needed to get back to work. 
The next day I explain what happened. I told the cashier I am a vegetarian and when I ordered my sandwich the other day, I received it with some meat attached to the bottom. I asked that they please be particularly careful to make sure that does not happen again.
As I'm paying, I can see my sandwich going down the line and being made. And end up on an open and exposed pile of sliced meat. 
Like, on the counter that they made the sandwiches, they kept the meat. And when the sandwich went down the counter, they rested the sandwich not on the counter, but on the pile of meat.
That was probably how it happened.Taste like sh!t. They're nothing worth bragging about. I could make a better sandwich at my house. For the price I just paid..$8 I'll keep my foot long subway chips and drink. People only claim to like them cause Brees has something to do with the franchise.Cannot thank these guys enough, I did an online order for a sandwich tray to be delivered the day of my wedding to a nearby hotel for my groom and his groomsmen. We had some delivery issues with timing which were completely an error on my part and the manager was completely understanding and helpful on what could have been a stressful day it was such an unexpected source of relief and excellent customer service. The guys obviously loved the sandwiches which I'm told were fresh and filling and the price was reasonable especially considering that they were delivered! 
Thanks again Jimmy Johns!The place is clean and the workers are great. The food is just so mediocre though for the price. You can walk into Rouses or Winn Dixie and purchase a way better meal for the same price. Even walking into Walmart you can monster sub for 5-6 bucks that is fresh that trumps these. I don't understand the appeal of this place.Can it be true? Until last night, I had never eaten at a Jimmy John's! We got in to the hotel pretty late and I was OVER eating anything greasy! My husband doesn't really like cold subs, but he sucked it up for me! I got the Turkey Tom and he got the Vito. They were both fresh and I really liked the bread! The bread is thinner and not soooo much bread compared to toppings. We got a bag of Jimmy John's brand BBQ chips, which were also delish. They are very comparable to other sub places around in price (if not a little cheaper). The restaurant was also very clean and the employees were friendly. Freaky Awesome!It's a deli sandwich...I am not sure what the hoot is about this place.  It tasted like a regular turkey sandwich to me.  It wasn't anything special  First time having Jimmy John's.  Service was okay. I haven't had a craving for Jimmy John's.Jimmy John's advertises itself as freakishly fast. They live up to that statement and then some. It so freaky that I feel like I am in some sort of alternate universe as soon as I park and walk up.
The first thing I notice are the fleet of bicyclists outside milling about. Every once in a while one of them goes inside, runs out and dashes off. It amazes me how quickly they move.
Once inside I am instantly greeted by a minimum of three different employees. On my first trip they kind of caught me off guard and I just stood there stunned. That must have shocked them as well as we just kind of stood there in some sort of staring contest waiting to see who blinked. By the time I got the words "I'd like a Big John with cheese, a pickle and a water" out of my mouth, I was being handed a sandwich. I am not kidding. I didn't have time to pull out my cash, check in or anything else. I must have looked like the biggest dolt standing there not knowing what just happened, but they did kind of seem used to it.
As for the food, I was not expecting a cold sub fixed in under 30 seconds to be good, but I was incredibly wrong. Since that first sandwich, I have been back for lunch the past five days and every sandwich was as good as the last. The pickles are pretty damn good as well. The sandwiches I can recommend are the Big John (not named after me), the Turkey Tom (not named after me) and the Lulu Club (named after me). Considering how much I like the sandwiches I've had, I am pretty sure anything you get would be equally awesome.
The one thing I didn't really get about this place was the neon number nine hanging in the window. As far as I could tell that wasn't the address, the cost of subs or the number of different subs. Oh well. Maybe someone will read the review and clue me in.
In summary, if you find yourself in the CBD and want a good, freakishly fast sandwich, Jimmy John's is where it's at.If you're staying near the Harrahs' casino and need a respite from fried po boy's this the place.  Luckily it just opened too!
I found this place after searching far and wide for a place to eat in the business district area.
Love having  jimmy johns sandwich. My sandwich was quick the service was good and the food was how i remembered at every other Jimmy Johns.
Get the wheat bread and number 12 (beach club with avacadoes, tomatoes, turkey and provalone).255 CALORIE UNWICH! Lose that Carnival adipose;
CHEAP: $5.89, with cold drink & tax, $8.15;
NUTRITIONAL CALCULATOR: is on their site & it lets you customize your meal.
#14 BOOTLEGGER'S CLUB (roast beef, ham & turkey). Ordered "as is" it's a whopping 790 calories.  But alter it as a 10 ounce unwich, with no cheese or mayo, add onions, lettuce, Italian sauce & dijon it comes to just 255 calories, 12.5 g Fat, only 5g Carbs (the bane of most males), and 28g of Protein.  
CAVEAT: they are very fast here (literally listening as you order), so make sure you know exactly what you want and how customized before you open your mouth!  I actually have my order written in the notes section of my iPhone.Honestly in the world of national chain fast food sandwiches I think Subway does a better sandwich.  Why would you even want to eat at this option when you could get a locally made po boy from a local business that would keep more money in the local economy?  This store seems generally well run and clean along with keeping a pretty good volume of business so I guess they are doing something right but it just isn't my cup of tea.Fresh bread simple menu but something gets lost in adding the meat to the Giant club sandwiches?? Maybe it fell on the floor but one slice of meat and cheese is far from giant perhaps a dictionary is in order?How does this place stay open?? The customer service is horrific. The workers didn't greet us when we walked in and then mumbled when we were ordering. We didn't get offered any options, such as "Would you like to buy a drink, chips, extra toppings, etc?". 
When they finished making our subs, the lady put them on the counter. I asked if they had a bag and she said, "Bag?!", as if I was speaking in a foreign language. I saw the bags sitting right in front of her and I said, "Yeah, these.." as I pointed to them. She then told us we can bag them ourselves! Huh? What kind of customer service is this?? Whoever owns this store really needs to review the people that are currently working there and consider either retraining or replacing them. I have never had such bad customer service, especially as a visitor to New Orleans.THIS PLACE CAN GET REALLY RIPE BY 1PM
and although I want to believe it's the collective aroma from dozens of pungent oregano dressed Italian sandwiches, in actuality I think it's the collective aroma from the dozens of pungent delivery cyclists.Totally over priced.  Ham and cheese sandwich costs 10 bucks... Seriously? 
Wake up people, just make your own sandwich!I'm sorry but Jimmy John's is horrible 
- Staff is friendly 
- Location Clean 
- Fast service 
But.....
The sandwiches are horrible. Remembered me the elementary school lunch I never wanted to eat.This review is on the staff only. I have never been treated so rudely in my life. We had forgotten to bring our masks so we pulled our shirts up just so we could order and were going to wait outside. The girl that was making the sandwiches and the cashier very rudely told us we had to wear a mask only. When we went to walk out a gentleman handed us two masks. He was very nice and apologized.
After that, those girls gave us dirty looks the whole time.
 What really pissed me off is that these same two girls were wearing their masks UNDER THEIR NOSE!!! 
If that is what they are aloud to do then I will blast every social media I can findUNWICH! The gargantuan is large, well priced, tasty and surprisingly low calorie!
DEAFENINGLY LOUD: from music, clamor and assaulting children's squeals;
GOOD VALUE: stuffed Unwich is 2X the size of Subway & with large drink is $10.
So I have to admit that I was a little irritated that Drew opened a po'boy chain that competes with our mom & pops.  But then I often eat at Subway because I know from their website the nutritional composition of their sandwiches.  Jimmy John's also has a nifty nutritional counter that lets you add and subtract any topping from every sandwich to determine their make-up.  Being a male and a runner I need to replenish protein and eschew carbs. I even hollow out the center of my po'boy bread.  Finally a better option: the Unwich! An 8+" lettuce leaf wrap stuffed with filling.  From the calculator I was surprised to find that the Gargantuan: salami, capacola, roast beef, turkey, ham and thick provolone with Italian dressing and no mayonnaise was only 550 calories (mostly from fat, but 56 grams of protein and only 7 from carbs)!This was the best experience I have had with this company and I am from out of town (Oklahoma to be exact!) The delivery driver was amazing and actually had a cool knock and announced who he was which was really nice! He was super sweet, freaky fast, and in a great mood! I work a lot of out town so order a lot of delivery and I've never had a driver as great as him! Thank you Jimmy Johns! You're the best!Perhaps New Orleans is not the beat place to open a chain sandwich shop... The best thing I can say about Jimmy John's is that it is fast. When it first opened here, I feel like that compliment could be coupled with "good product" but it's 100% gone downhill. Ordered a super-simple Slim recently and there was barely any meat on the sandwich - and what was on there was not good. I added bacon because you have to add SOMETHING to the Slims to make them interesting, but cold bacon is just sad. I brought it home, added cheese and buffalo ranch to make it taste like something, and toasted it. In retrospect, I should've just made a sandwich at home. Chips are good though.I'm not sure if it is just this location or if Jimmy John's overall quality is taking a dive, but this location is certainly not great. They are fast, but the quality of the sandwich is poor. I recommend ordering from here if you have a big appetite, because you'll need it to keep from tossing this in the trash.Since it's a jimmy John, we all know that it will be quality and speed. This location is no exception, with fantastic downtown convenience.  Very clean, friendly staff. 
Gets super crowded around lunch time, so may be better for delivery or put in a pickup order from your app beforehand.I ordered a sandwich over the internet and over the phone. Called the store to see whats going on with my order and they claim both orders did not go through their system. My card was charged but still refused to give me the sandwich or a refund. Manager Niesha Cooper was very rude and unprofessional. Did not try to settle the problem at all. Jimmy Johns will definitely not get my business again and I work right down the street. I will gladly take my money elsewhere.Clean store, affable staff, and a well made un-wich. I work in the area and have been impressed with the delivery. For the first time recently, I walked in to order and found it to be a good experience. I