Great little bar right off Bourbon Street. Truthfully, we met one of their bartenders, Monica, at Boondock Saint next door the night before and followed her to this place where she works alternate nights. Fun little low-key place with plenty of regulars and locals.The service is amazing at this restaurant. When you're on Bourbon Street I can't recommend a place more highly than Johnny's. Even though I was skeptical of the place, the food came very fast and there were a few special requests for my table and they were taken care of without any problem. The steak was excellent and cooked as requested and the hamburger was cooked and seasoned to perfection. The bun was fresh. Hamburgers and buns have to be in harmony as we all know. Johnny's did not disappoint by any measure.WORST experience in New Orleans. Waitress was rude and invited my party of three to leave, which we did. I would'n spend a dime in this place. The place was not busy and the other employees watch as we gladly left the dirty place.Where French Quarter bartenders go after work, not a bad place to get absolutely hammered with people you don't know.
UPDATE:  edit and shout out;
Johny whites, so you know, has no doors.  IT doesn;t close.  EVER.
Not even Katrina closed that place.  Points for that.
The only palce that comes close is Ms. Maes, who opened unofficially before even people were told they could return.  But Maes closed, and Johnny White's ddin;t. That's pretty badassss.Very disappointed. Great location. Average food. Service was the worst we've experienced in New Orleans. The server was short with us and seemed annoyed to be waiting on us. Throughout our time there we overheard both surrounding tables complaining about the terribly rude servers. I would not go back or recommend.Why the 4 Star review for a dive bar on Bourbon St in French Quarter?  Because it's a dive bar! You don't walk into a place like this and expect impeccable service ITS A DIVE BAR, PPL! It smells like a bar that died inside of a high school gym locker room in July........with no A/C or ventilation! But the beers are cold. Prices are lower than a lot of of places on Bourbon St.  People watching is great so grab a drink and watch the show or keep it moving.Food was great and the bartender was amazing. We stood at the host stand for a good 10 minutes without either of the servers acknowledging us. They seemed really busy, and working in the service industry I 100% get that - but they would look at us and not even acknowledge that we were there. When they finally did seat us ("the four come with me" - very callous), it took another 15-20 minutes before we finally went to the bar to order because literally no one even bothered to stop by and even say that they were our server and when we went to the host stand, the server wouldn't even look at us. It seemed like they were understaffed, and I totally get that - but the servers were beyond rude. As someone who works in the service industry, I was amazed at how awful it was. I would come back only for the bartender.Totally friendly place. The service was superb. A great place to eat on Bourbon St. And very reasonably priced.Not bad but definitely a 1 timer only.  My lemonade was wayyyyy too sweet and the crab cake was salty.After the horrid experience at Pere Antoine (see review) we settled for a quick bite at this pub. Nothing special with the decor (are all pubs so grubby in this city?)  We ordered shrimp po boy and jalapeno poppers (with cheese). They came freshly fried and delicious but what calories? The server Tracey was wonderfully pleasant as was the chef. For a beer and snack this is a great joint.THOSE WINGS. Wow. Juicy and just hot enough and so freaking delicious. 
Bourbon Street, if you've only seen it on tv or in a Girls Gone Wild video, is more than just balconies. But, as someone who enjoys a balcony and a plate of wings while people watching, this is close to the best you can get. From tables on the balcony you can look out and see a night's worth of entertainment. A fortune teller who went nuts and clocked a random guy with his voodoo stick? Check. A bridal party getting slutty with a bunch of bros in pastel shirts and loafers spending their dad's money after a long day spent closing rec centers? Check. 
Drinks are great, wings were perfect, service was quick and everyone was cool. Will go again.Great view with homemade southern food.
We stopped in here for some much needed grub and a rest from all the walking we'd done that day. The gentleman on the street grabbed our attention and after consulting the menu, which is traditional southern and pub grub, we went up. It's a tiny place with balcony seating and a great view of bourbon. Hubby ordered a bacon cheese burger and fries and said it was good. I got the crawfish étouffée and it was freaking amazing. The waitress was lovely and service was great. 
I think people who complain about slow service don't get it at all. 1) you're in the SOUTH. Chill out and enjoy the slow life. 2) these are tiny establishments with little kitchens that prep everything to order, often packed, with only one or two servers. Real food takes time. 
This was a cool little joint with great simple southern food. Highly recommended.The food was bland and quite horrible to be honest. This is the first bad review I've  ever left on yelp. We had the gumbo soup with chicken sausage and there was one small piece of sausage and the whole soup. The soup was bland. We also had the Louisiana sampler which was horrible and bland as well. The wings are deep-fried and weren't quite horrible but how could you mess up something deep-fried. We should've paid attention to the signs on the place was completely empty. I would avoid this place like the plague.Arrived just five minutes before the kitchen closed.  Got Po-boys (Catfish or Shrimp) and beers all around.  Service was fast and friendly, and the sandwiches were big.  Some of the best fish I've ever had, and the buns were NOT stale, which is new for me.  Then again, this is the first place I've eaten since I've been in New Orleans, so I'm not sure if this is standard.  Only bummer is that the prices seemed kind of high ($15 for a sandwich), but this might just be par for the area.  
Also, they have great seating on a second floor balcony on an intersection, which definitely was worth the price.We were eager to find a hambugar joint for our daughter. We went in because of the nice man who was successful soliciting patrons to go into the the restaurant.  We had food with us from another restaurant and we were willing to get the meal to go. The waitress rudely expressed her policy regarding outside food. We told her we understood and was willing to order to go. Her unprofessional behavior and apparent disgust  clouded her ability to properly service customers. 
We usually  check reviews before we patronize such a restaurant.....thanks for the reminder.Great bloody mary with picked okra, very good. We've had a few in New Orleans, best so far.Your neighborhood bar in the heart of the French Quarter. Great bartenders ( say hi to Lucy for me), amazing prices, and the food at the restaurant upstairs is wonderful. Watch the game, hang with the locals, and have an actual drink - not one of those candied frozen things.
We even got  dinner service in the bar from the restaurant upstairs - and it was fabulous.  Try the Mardi Gras pasta!What can I say, there really is nothing special about this place.  It is a dive bar in the heart of Bourbon Street.  Very small place which the bar takes up most of the room in the place.
When the place is really crowded, people tend to overflow out onto the sidewalk.  There is an old jukebox near the entrance.  This is not what I would call a "hook-up" place, but you never know, most of the people that come here are drunk and working to get that way.
The thing I like most about this place was the fact that they had the state of Hawaii flag flying from the balcony for about six months.  It first appeared in late December 2007 for the Sugar Bowl and was still there in April 2008 when I went to Jazz Fest.  I was hoping to see it again but it was gone.  I am sure they still have it.  I asked one of the bartenders but she was too drunk to understand what I was requesting!
Next time I go I will bring a Hawaii flag with me and see if they will fly it again.  From what I understand, the owner was originally from Hawaii and was the place to be during the Sugar Bowl.Stopped in for lunch and had a very good burger.  Was able to sit outside on the balcony right on Bourbon Street.  Staff was friendly and efficient.   Would definitely come again.Sat on the balcony and had an awesome oyster poboy!! Donna was great and food was awesome. I would definitely recommend it to anyone.DO NOT, I repeat do not eat here! Terrible service and even worse food. We didn't even eat before having to hunt down the waitress to pay. Terrible!The bartenders are nice, the Bloody Marys are intense, and the place has a very dive-y feel amidst the neon-flashing "Daquiri" signs on Bourbon.This place does not allow any outside drinks so we all had to throw away everything in our hands to go inside. The outside seating was not comfortable and not accommodating for this Summer heat. Other than those cons, the staff was very friendly. I ordered a cup of gumbo which was extremely small (tinier than my fist) and an order of hot wings. The wings were great. They came out fresh and were very delicious. Drinks were refilled without having to ask and the view from the balcony was good for people watching.I love this bar after hours specially... Low key, unpretentious, plus Kevin is an amazing bartender.There are so many options on Bourbon street, how can you pick the right one?! I came to Louisiana wanting an authentic New Orleans experience. The BBQ SHRIMP was humongous! What a great flavor; pieces of celery were scattered over the shrimp which soaked up all the flavor of the sauce. Also had the SEAFOOD GUMBO, which wasn't as impressive I had hoped. Sounds great when reading the ingredients on the menu, but just tastes like lentils. Maybe my hopes were too high, but I wasn't blown away by this place. It's just a place to eat.Slow service. Because we split the check at the table they added the gratuity but did not bring the detailed receipt. Only found out when I questioned the size of the bill. Not very cleanEverything was well prepared, service was good, seating was great!!  The food needed way more spice, it was surprisingly lacking in heat and flavor.Fantastic service with loads of fun. Server Marcus was fantastic. We had a blast looking over Bourbon Street while dining. Live music across the street while we ateOn Bourbon Street....but not really.  So small you would miss it, which makes it perfect for people watching. My favorite place on Bourbon Street, and the only reason I would be on Bourbon.We had already eaten and my wife wanted some chocolate cake. As we were walking by, the gentleman outside invited us and said the chocolate cake was delicious. He took us upstairs and sat us down.  
The waitress gave us menus, but when we told her we were there just for dessert, she automatically changed her attitude and was very rude. I'm guessing she assumed since we weren't ordering food, she wasn't going to get a great tip.  My wife ordered a chocolate cake and I ordered a coffee with cream and sugar. She came back about 10 minutes later and said she didn't have chocolate cake. She never apologized or offered alternatives, so we asked for a cheesecake. She brought the cheesecake and my coffee black.  I had asked her for cream and sugar and she didn't bring it. She also stopped coming to our table at that point. We had to go up to her, and she gave us the sugar, no cream, and again, no apology. At that point, we paid and left.  It's unacceptable for a waitress to be so rude. Never going back there.We came here on the recommendation of the bartender from Johnny White's sports bar and we were looking for food FAST so we just came here.
I liked sitting outside on the upstairs patio where you could watch people walk by on Bourbon while eating.  We ordered rounds of drinks and then some food.  I got the gumbo.  This gumbo was meeeeeeh.  Definitely had better but it wasn't bad enough I didn't eat it.  I'm getting the feeling it might be better to stick to the bar though and for that part - A-OK.Was so disappointed here after being highly recommended by our super kick ass tour guide figured why not.  So after only being greater buy a guy that said it will be just one min he goes and sits down, we wanted to sit out on the balcony so we waited at the bar. Upon going out there took the waitress 20 mins to come out and there was no friendly exchange of hi how you guys doing tonight ya know make a little small talk the waitress just says you guys decide yet, as if she had asked us and we just couldn't decide.  We hadn't even seen her yet and that's the way your gonna talk to me!!! (Oh have I mention that I have been in The food business for 20 years.) then we tried to move to another table so we could look down both side of the road we get told we can't because a big table needed to sit there not a problem gladly sit back over on our table only to have them seat another two top there!!! Then a couple other tables came in were seated in the mean time the waitress comes back tells us they are short staffed in the kitchen and that our food will be up any min again I was ok with it because again work in the restaurant business but then after the two tables that got sat after us got their food before ours I was done!!! So I stood up and said we have been here for an hour now and they get theirs before ours. The waitress says well I wasn't your waitress and was really rude to us and as walking out they just waved their hands as if shoeing us away!!! Would never go there wait staff is very very rude!!! And I only give them one star cause I had too!!!Oh my heavens. This place is.. Ok.. I mean it's ok if you are already drunk and don't care about your time. We were very sober upon walking in and even more sober when we left. The service was very kind, but wow was it slow. It was like they cared more about smiling at you than they cared about actually serving you.. Which is a bummer, because part of why you go to a place with a bourbon street view is to drink and watch the crowd. Nope. Just watch that crowd, but your drink will be empty for some time. They are probably busy off folding napkins and ignoring your requests (happened). 
Your food will be underwhelming (happened) as you peer down over the balcony to watch tarot readers get scared away when the state patrol shows up (happened). But you do you, ok? Food is as average as they come (if you're willing to wait that long for your food to come). I recommend something else if you're in a rush, this place is good if you're drunk and want to waste some time before you go somewhere else for better/faster food. In the meantime, they make a decent Hurricane...I've ONLY had Bloody Mary's here. My beau and I stayed at the Bourbon Orleans in one of their lofts with the room overlooking Bourbon street. One morning, we were sitting on the balcony and noticed this lil dive across the street that advertised Bloody Mary's for $5. It was almost 9am and well, we wanted "breakfast" and saw that they were open. We were immediately greeted by Dawn and quickly ordered a Bloody Mary. NOLA style, it came with a pickled okra. Goodness I forgot how much I missed my 2nd home (Dillard Univ. alum).  Dawn is extremely personable and makes a kick ass Bloody Mary. No better way to get your morning started than with your veggies from a Bloody Mary. Let's Geaux!I wanted to give this place 5 stars. I really didn't we came here twice on our 6 day NOLA vacation. The first time we had this AMAZING waitress named Jessica (Jessi) and she was sweet and helpful and the burgers were the best i have ever had. The second time we came which was just this evening. The server did not tell us his name and we waited 20 just for our drinks. The food is very good. I would recommend to friends. However be prepared to wait as everything runs very slow here.I had the New Orleans burger (the one with mushrooms and onions) and it was probably the best burger that I've ever eaten. The burger came with a plateful of tater tots. I ordered the burger medium rare and it was cooked sooo perfectly.Got a bloody mary here with a sweet pickle and a green bean. Was unfortunately kind of watery (in comparison to my one from Coop's) but still a-ok. Stopped in here for a brief break from walking and a trip to the loo. Decent prices, nice dive bar.Terrible service if you can even call it that the lady brought us our drinks and food no refills nothing else. Food was very good though. Hopefully this isn't the service you will get!Terrible service. The food made me really sick. We had to wait 15 minutes just for our server to come say hello and put in our drink orders. When we asked to speak to a manager they lied and kept passing us off to different people. There's an automatic 18% gratuity which is unreasonable considering the terrible service. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.Stopped in around 8 or so for a snack and a couple drinks. Loved sitting on the balcany watching the craziness going on below. The BBQ shrimp was AWSOME sweet and tangy sauce with perfectly cooked jumbo shrimp. I had  drink called 
Bookum Dan-O that was a litle swet paired with the shrimp, but a drink I can't wait to have again.This bar rocks!!! 
I was in NOLA for a convention, looked for a sports bar to watch the Stanley cup and I found this small cool bar. The bartenders are awesome, especially Nathalie,  and treat everyone good, locals or touris... A lot of locals hangout there, which is nice if you like to have a great chat about what drives them... the prices are very reasonable. I will be back there, it feels like home in jiffy!
Thanks.First some confusion about Johnny's Whites. The Corner Bar and the Grill are connected, but only in the interior by a door that the bartenders could come through. To get from one to the other you have to step out onto Bourbon Street and take about 5 steps.
Second, this is the best dive bar in New Orleans. We were there on Saturday, August 16th. About 5 of the crew from my birthday party had stopped in for a few drinks. After sending out a group message that the place had a great bartender (Barry) and a great jukebox, all 22 of us met at this corner dive.
Barry was working behind the bar, with his only help being a bar back to fetch ice, more beer, etc. THIS WAS NOT A PROBLEM!! He was on it. Not one missed drink order, not one messed up drink order, and no longer than one minute wait to get a drink....even with the place packed. Our group is a bunch of folks that like to party,  so keeping 22 plus drinks full was no easy task.
 Bartender Barry really made this our best day in NO.
We made a group decision around 1:00 (after 3 hours in the bar already) that we would stay in the bar until Barry had to leave, and I will be darned if that isn't what we did. 
Kudos to a great bartender and a great corner bar.Intentionally misleading signs for $5 drinks. They ended charging us $11 each for Irish coffees. There was a bug in my coffee. A LADYBUG IN MY COFFEE. Do not come here.Nice place.. we stopped here in our last hour in New Orleans.  
Our waitress Kiersten was an excellent host and representative for the city.. (and state).  She urged us to come back & visit the city.. and we hope to.
Food-wise... My wife and I split a JW ? Burger with bacon which arrived quickly.. and was delicious.
We enjoyed our drinks and sitting on the Balcony.. a fun experience all around.Redskins Haven, Abita on tap, Maker's shots, what more can you say?  If the men's room had a lock, I'd give this place 5-stars.  Oh, wait a minute, I did give it 5-stars . . .  screw the lock!
So, we were in New Orleans for 2 1/2 days and we got to know three of Johhny White's (Hole in the wall) very well.  What does that tell a person?  It's probably telling us the secret to life or something deep like that if we'd take a minute to think about it.  In the mean time, it's just the damned friendliest place to hoist a few before going elsewhere for $10 Hurricane's and getting smacked in the head with some beads . . .
Have to say a huge "Thank you!" to Marita for turning us on to Irene's!  We loved it AND we loved your Vampire store!!!  Awesome!  We loved the Barkus Parade on Sunday.  We cannot think of a time when so many well-behaved puppies came together in one place!  Thanks for the calendar, too!
Keith, you are too cool for words. Thanks, man. You made our quick visit to New Orleans something to remember.  Oceana was awesome; can't wait to come back and throw a few back with you.
Thanks to Lucy for being so damned good at what you do, which is to get us our drink on and keep it light and FUN!!!
God willing, we'll see you all again soon!We decided to dodge the hustle of Bourbon Street here, and were seated on the balcony for some prime people-watching. The service was quite good, but the rest of the experience was disappointing. I had the jambalaya, which was tasty, but in New Orleans, for the money, there are better. My wife ordered the étouffée and found it to be much spicier than advertised to the point where she could not eat it. The waitress fixed us up with another meal off the menu - a chicken breast that she found unpleasantly salty. Our subpar experience does not reflect on the waitress, of course. Also, the wine was served in a glass sized for a ten year-old, and it wasn't really all that good. We also noted that, even though there were just two of us and I took the check, a gratuity had automatically been added, which was not the case elsewhere. The waitress did, however, ensure we were not charged for the étouffée.First & foremost, the owner is from Hawaii. That alone can account for 3 stars. I don't know if it's because of that or the 'Southern Hospitality' concept or maybe a cross between 'Aloha' & 'Southern Hospitality' but this place served as "The Place To Be" for me, along with thousands of other Hawaii Football Fanatics this past New Years! Every single one of the bartenders were outgoing and extremely hospitable. All drinks were nicely "topped off" and stiff for that matter. Upstairs & balcony scene was cool and you can't beat the 'dive bar' feel downstairs... Mahalo's to Lynn Sapir for establishing his place as "Warrior Headquarters" during the Sugar Bowl week. I think from now on Hawaiians will frequent Johnny White's as they trickle in, year in and year out. ***Special Mahalo's goes out to Jamie, the wonderful bartendress, who went out of her way to make sure us late-night Hawaii guys didn't go thirsty, or hungry! (see my review for the Quartermaster) Thanks to all of you at Johnny White's for making this New Years a memorable one!!!Worst service ever!! Waited for drinks and service for 30 minutes. We moved to a table closer to the street and they said we had to move back because they needed it for a big top then sat two girls there. Our waitress walked up and said "did you decide yet" no hello or nothing then didn't even bring us more water to drink. It wasn't busy and they had four waitresses. I never write reviews and they were treated us so poorly I had too!Horrible service. Not busy and still took 20 minutes to get out other in. People sat way after us that were served made the waitress help us as our several attempts to get her attention failed. She Was SUPER Rude To Top It off!! Food wasn't that great either. Spend your money elsewhere!Food was decent. Service was terrible. Rude and hardly checked on us; it wasn't busy. Added 18% gratuity for little to no service, didn't split checks, and told us at time of paying they were only taking cashMan, this could be my favorite dive bar of all time.  I found this from an online review many many moons ago (way before Yelp!) and have since spent many an hour and MANY MANY dollars pumping their juke box which is just the best.
I'm not keen on the Bourbon Street thing (I'm 38) but am no stranger to getting a heat on in the French Quarter.  This, to me, is the ultimate, as it is low key, and LOCAL.  
Johnny White's is on a side street just OFF Bourbon Street, so don't be fooled by the address here.  Pat O'Brien's is across the street, which nicely attracts the raucous tourist trade, leaving this place for a more intimate session.  
Bonus:  After Hurricane Katrina, I saw a few news reports where local holdouts who holed themselves up in the quarter basically lived in Johnny White's as some sort of refuge. How it withstood the seige of sludge, I'll never know.The server forgot my order and played it off like I hadn't ordered at all. She came back and repeated an order she said I hadn't ordered and said it would be up in a min. After everyone's food arrived I got the plate I ordered. However 4 stars because a gentleman named Marcus helped us out and was extreamly kind at every stage. The man needs a raiseWe had the crab cakes and Po - boys dinner.  Both medicore. 
Service was terrible and waitress was not friendly.  Did not know anything about the food or new Orleans.  
They add an 18% gratuity without telling you.This place was a Nightmare!!!! To begin, we were seated by a woman with a hard frown, and a very "annoyed" attitude. We all wanted water & she LITERALLY rolled her eyes at us. When all was said & done we waited for her to bring the ticket (never happened) so we walked to the cash register. She was standing there at the register & I asked if that was where we pay. She didn't even respond, and then proceeded to hand me and my boyfriend the entire table's check. We asked her to split it up & AGAIN she rolled her eyes. Our ticket included a gratuity above $4 on all of our ticket, and there were only five of us. The food was terrible as well. We left our plates full of food. If you want a great foodie experience don't go here. The only positive was the balcony view.Grabbed lunch here after being waved in by their ambassador on the street.  Had shrimp creole, red beans and rice and chicken and sausage gumbo. We all cleaned our plates. Shrimp was larger than expected. Red beans were better than expected and served with a grilled chicken breast. Server Trina was friendly. Answered our menu questions, and brought our food fast. This is on second floor with a balcony for al fresco dining and people watching. Looks a little divy inside but with these older buildings and food that is good, that's fine by me. I would come back again for any of our entrees.Underwhelming. Staff didn't seem too thrilled to be there. Fantastic location - should be one of the classics.Trust your instincts and stay away from most of the Bourbon St places.  Our friend just arrived and was feeling "hangry" so this was convenient.  I want to give them another star for what I heard they did during Katrina but they are lucky to get 2 stars.
We ordered a ton of appetizers to share.  Our waitress Shelley may have been smoking some cilantro in back. She was very pleasant but really was not with the program.  She didn't realize that the table we were going to occupy was in her section and the list goes on and on.
After 20 minutes our beers arrived because opening the top was probably difficult with a Miller Lite. The food took WAY too long (more than 40+ minutes) and not everything arrived at once.  
The food was really bland and just wasn't anything to write home about.  Unfortunately their signature dish (BBQ shrimp) arrived as we were ready to leave.  She was nice enough to remove that from our bill and give us it free to-go.  We tried a shrimp or two and they actually were pretty good.  
The biggest plus was that they had dining on the balcony and you got a great view....75 degrees dining al fresco was awesome.  I just wish the service wasn't horrible and the food quality was amped up a few notches.  However, if you are out drinking on Bourbon your taste buds are probably numb so it doesn't matter.Drink here, eat somewhere else. The place gets really crowded and is not really conducive to dining in a relaxed atmosphere. Service can be spotty. There was a mean little troll lady upstairs who would not serve us even though she was behind the bar with no other patrons present. We went and sat on the balcony with friends and had a great server. Night and day. The troll lady needs to go back to doing dishes or scrubbing floors.Zero stars would be more appropriate. The server was rude, we had to ask twice for our drinks, the food was bland at best, and auto gratuity added to a party of two! This was by far the worst dining experience that I have ever had. I have been in the service industry and consider myself pretty forgiving and a great tipper. Honestly, this is the first time I wanted to ask for the tip back....which was added without our knowledge. I only learned of that after our bill went from $ 36 to almost $50. We were sat on the balcony and asked what we would like to drink. We asked for a water and 2 cokes. We were brought two waters. When she finally came back, I politely asked if I could have the cokes and straws for our water. She seemed veeery put out. So we place our order and immediately after that our server lights up a smoke right there at th le table next to us! Now, again, having been in the service industry, I know that smoking takes place, but who does it while sitting next to your table! The food came out and there was a lot of it, too bad it was pretty tasteless. The terrible service started to make sense when I noticed the auto grat....why do your job well when you know you are going to get paid regardless!! The server made no mention of the money that had already been put on our card. I asked another server (whose table had to retrieve all of their own refills) , If I could see a menu (to check out their grat policy).  She dropped the menu that I had asked for, made no attempt to help retrieve it from the floor, gave me the dirtiest look, and literally turned and walked away!! The gratuity was on the menu and unfortunately we visited on Halloween, which is considered a special event and therefore gratuity applied. I have never wanted to leave a place quicker. So, the view was great but did nothing to compensate for this joke of a restaurant.The food here was mediocre at best. My dad got gumbo and it was not chunky. It looked like bean soup. The service was slow and they added 18% gratuity!This place has terrible drinks, bad service, and mediocre food.  There are so many better places to eat in New Orleans, don't go here.This place sucks! My first New Orleans food experience and it was dismal.
Food is overly salty, the service was an absolute horrible experience- it was as if we were inconveniencing our waitress to order food and get drinks! 
Po boys are gross- catfish and shrimp, steak was crazy salty, the fries were worse than a fast food joint and to top it off they add gratuity on the bill regardless of your party size! 
Do not come here unless you want to eat salt for your meal!Terrible! Awful service- waitress left us sitting for over 20 minutes and when I went to find her she was in the bar watching a ball game. My kids' soft drinks cost more than beers because they charge for refills but don't have the decency to tell you that on the beverage sheet. Limited menu. Shrimp was good but the rest was mediocre at best much over priced. Atmosphere only goes so far.Not bad. Extremely slow service. Foods not bad from what I had. I had the chicken wings which were good and the New York strip steak with veggies and fries. I can't stress how slow the service is and it's not even busy whatsoever. Avoid if in a rush.Excellent BBQ shrimp, gumbo and étouffée! Despite being on Bourbon street the food is actually really good and the view from the balcony seating is awesome. I've been here 3 times over the last few years and have always had good food and friendly service. Great place to stop for a meal between meals!The food was great. The service was the worst EVER!!! No napkins, refills took too long, order was messed up in one plate and the waitress disappeared for about 15 minutes, forcing us to walk to the counter and pay. After all that the cashier wasn't organized taking some time to get finally out of there.My favorite place to stop on Bourbon! Great beer choices, knowledgable bartenders, not too expensive and never a  wait.  Not sure why but I'll take it.AVOID!! So Many Better Places! Find One!! You're very lucky if you get a waitress that doesn't treat you as though you're a necessary inconvenience. Food was barely tolerable, but the attitude wasn't. The only positive was the view of Bourbon Street from the balcony table. Still not worth it. You've been warned!Went upstairs to eat. First of all the food was pretty good. Even considering they put the wrong cheese on my burger. But, the service destroyed it. The waitress seemed annoyed at best. She took the order without writing it down (hence the incorrect cheese being served). After bringing the food she never returned. We sat for over 30 minutes waiting for a check. After going to the register ourselves to pay she didn't know what table we were or how to work the credit card machine. We we never return to this place. There are too many options in the French Quarter to eat to accept horrible service.We had a balcony table on Saturday night.  Great service and really good food.  The burgers are huge!  Recommendation - NOLA BBQ Shrimp.  Excellent.We have been roadtripping for 6 weeks in usa and this dinner was absolutely the worst on the entire trip. 
We were a party of four and neither one of us finished our overprized meals. Don't bother to eat here, go anywhere but here. They need to step up their food and service.Scored amazing balcony seats during Mardi Gras while having lunch at this restaurant. The crab cakes were my favourite and will remain my favourite for a long, long time! Make sure to try them out. I had a bite of my friends étouffée and another alfredo pasta. Both were pleasantly delicious. 
The washrooms need a bit of work but that doesn't affect my rating. The reason why this review is getting a 4 and not a 5 is because our server was horrible and rude. No southern hospitality there. Instead of going into detail, I'll leave it nice and sweet for y'all. Just order your food and eat it. Don't come to Johnny White's looking for the best service as you may not get it. 
Be mindful of added gratuity.how about negative 50 stars???  it was Saturday October 29th, my wife was hungry after walking around all evening and the representative guy (restaurant pimp?) on the street persuaded us to come on in. the restaurant part of this crappy establishment is on the balcony with a great view of cesspool of sin below. we came upstairs and were seated promptly,there was about 4 other tables that had customers. the same bbw black woman with glasses (didn't get her name, so I have to describe her) who seated us took our order for food and water and returned after about 5 minutes with our drinks.time started passing and that's when it went bad. I noticed a party at a table that came after us got served food,while we just sat there looking stupid. after 45 minuets or so at around 10:45 a worker started closing the shutters and doors on the balcony as we were still sitting there. now I'm thinking what the fudge, I ordered the  crabcakes and I think my woman ordered a cheeseburger or steak sandwich. I go in to see what's up and the woman who seated us was counting the register and sorting tickets,so I ask what's the deal with our order. she asks me who took the order, when I told her she did, her condescending response was , I don't remember taking your order. great, we wasted an hour and a half of our lives! not even an apology. up yours lady!This is the place to eat casual food on Bourbon Street and probably one of the few places on the strip to eat the New Orleans specialty - fried oyster po-boy. The po-boy was good (the bread was slightly stale on the edges, but I was eating this late at night) and the fries were not soggy and tasteless. The cooking and service just took a long time though, but it was friendly service.
Overall, I would return.I wish I could give it no stars! Bad service. Bad food. Cold food. Automatic gratuity on party of 2? Never go back!This is a regular spot for my friends and family every time we come to NOLA. Last time we were in town the bar was closed for a remodel. It's now back open and running and we couldn't wait to check it out! 
They place looks great. There is a lot more room for customers to hang out, as the bar is more narrow and against the wall.
My only complaint was that the bartender working was playing death metal on jukebox. He enjoyed the fact that we didn't enjoy his music and was being an ass hole to my friends and I. I come to NOLA and specifically this bar on a fairly regular basis, and I tend to get along well with anyone who's serving my drinks but this guy was really rude for no reason. I'll have to check it out next time when he's not working.During my recent Bourbon Street travels, I saw a sign outside this place offering up $5 Bloody Mary's.  While we didn't go that night (there's dozens of bars around Bourbon Street), the idea stuck in my mind.  
So upon getting up the next day, we went back to try a sample of one of these drinks.  When on vacation, have a hearty breakfast, I always say.
Damn, that's a good Bloody Mary.  That's a REALLY good Bloody Mary.  And the girl who served it up was really nice and conversational, so while a brief stop in, it was really pleasant.  I simply had an enjoyable time and a great start to my morning.  The daytime is far more subdued than the evenings, and less crowded.
One of the best Bloody Marys that I've had in a good while.Sat there for 15 minutes and never got helped. All the waitresses were just standing at the bar. Nice view but when you can't even get a drink what's the point?!?Went during an off time I guess. Only two other people inside. Pretty standard dive bar. Drinks were average prices. Didn't get to eat here. One of the more divey spots that we went to.Overpriced for food that's just ok. The guy at the entrance was hilarious but the service itself left a lot to wish for. A star is for the location, the sitting outside is great with a great view and like I said before, the food is ok. Not grand or bad but ok with a an ok portion