This place is super delicious, and chic. This is not your particular Mexican food, this restaurant give it a wonderful spin on the everyday Mexican cuisine.We had an overall PHENOMENAL experience dining at Johnny Sanchez in New Orleans!  From the moment we entered the restaurant, we felt both welcome and at ease.  Our server, Justin V. was pleasant, knowledgeable and attentive without being intrusive.  His recommendations were spot on.  We began our meal with the complimentary tortilla chips and plantains followed by the cauliflower taco.  They were amazing.  The salsa was perfectly seasoned and plentiful.  The beer and wine selections were sure to appeal to all diners.  My husband ordered the Caesar salad with shrimp and I had the Chili Releno.  Both of which were extremely flavorful and pleasing to the palate.  All I can say is that the entire experience was nothing short of perfect.  My only complaint is that my culinary idol, Aaron Sanchez (who owns the restaurant) wasn't there.  I had hoped that I would be able to get a photo and an autograph.  Do yourself a favor and run don't walk to this culinary masterpiece.Really wanted to like this place Bc of the good reviews I've heard previously. First, took 30 minutes to receive our drinks. Waiter never checked in on us. Then a whole hour to get our no more than average tasting food. We were a party of 9 celebrating a birthday-charged for the birthday dessert? Lol who does that?!  Then couldn't split the checks....will absolutely never come here again. Don't understand what the hype was about but I'll pass on this place.It doesn't have to be called Mexican. Yes, there are chips with salsa for starters (plantain as well as two different types of tortilla chips).  But we had the fish of the day which was likely one of the top best 10 meals I've had in my life (and I'm 60).  We went back for a repeat of the same meal again the following night.  Excellent.
Atmoshpere is for the young....a little bit loud, but not terrible (they do have some noise cancelling panels on the ceiling). Very chic and hip. Wait staff were all great. And the proprietor checked in on us.
House margaritas were a tad tart, but they offered to sweeten them a little for us.  
But again, I can't get over how good the catch of the day (wahoo) had been.Great experience. Food was amazing. I had crawfish enchiladas and it was stunning. Service might be able to pick up the pace, but I was very happy to be dining here.Great food and great service.  Our family of four shared two large plates consisting of carnitas and lightly fried shrimp with hand made street-size tortillas.   Very tasty and the garnishes that accompanied the meals were excellent, mostly blends of carrot and radish, pickled jalapeño, pineapple and tomato.  Side of black beans and rice were also good.  Went in with moderately high expectations and was not disappointed.Start with complimentary plantain chips next to a great red and green, smokey dippin salsa! The cocktails are great with "twists" on traditional ones - I had the Mexican Old Fashioned ( Bulleit Bourbon, xocolatl bitters and orange) aka "El Jefe"! Ensaldas included Bert and Chayote ( kin/ charred jalapeño vinaigrette/ pomegranate/cotija) and pickled onion/ chili peanut vinaigrette) and crispy brussles sprouts - yumm yumm. The chayote similar in crunch to a cucumber but with less flower taste. The winner winner chicken dinner was the wood fire grilled whole snapper (gotta see the pic!). The wood grill charred the skin to a great crispy, smokey flavor with a side of pickled covey rise veggie. Great location, incredible vibe and an awesome mural!Big fans of Aaron Sanchez on TV show Chopped, so definitely wanted to go here when in New Orleans.  It was a wonderful Mexican experience.  While the menu is not extensive, there is something for everyone.  Justin V. was an excellent food transport engineer (server) and enhanced our dining experience.  Was knowledgeable about beers and wines, as well as the menu options.  Cauliflower taco is outstanding and Caesar salad was very different but delicious.  My husband the Chili Releno, which was also outstanding.  We will definitely return when we come to New Orleans again!Wow. Not much menu and took 45 min to get our tacos. I mean come on they were tacos. Margaritas are not great either especially for $13. Feels like a tourist trap. Stay away.Best Mexican - besh is incredible! The brussel sprouts are the best I have ever had. So nice to have Mexican in NOLAI was skeptical going into the slightly empty Mexican restaurant since we were in New Orleans but the menu had some good options and I ended up loving what I ordered.  We had a bunch of appetizers including crispy brussels sprouts, shrimp and tomatillos, and the gulf snapper tiradito all of which were delicious.  I ordered the goat tacos with pickled cactus as my main entree and two tacos was completely filling because they are large tacos.  And they were so so so tasty.  This is a good spot if you are looking for a less crowded place to eat that can accommodate large groups of people.  The service was pretty slow though so keep that in mind if you are in a hurry.Four of us ate here on a Wednesday night. We were seated right away, as we had reservations. Our server was excellent. I'm sorry I didn't get her name. The food was so good. They give you salsa with plantain chips when you sit down. The salsa is really good, but I seriously enjoyed the plantain chips. We had the queso dip to start. 2 of us had the New York strip fajitas with some of the most delicious potatoes I have ever eaten. Very crisp on the outside, but creamy on the inside. Delicious. The steak was also very good and cooked perfectly to order. We also had the duck carnitas enchiladas and the wood-grilled snapper. Both of them were said to be very good. The dessert we had was amazing! It was some kind of chocolate cake with, I think, cream cheese ice cream. Our server recommended it, she was right on the money. It was a wonderful dining experience. I highly recommend!$2 taco happy hour - what's not to like !
Ordered one of each on the listing: meatball, pork, cauliflower, shrimp, and fried chicken.
Listed in descending order of enjoyment:
1) Spicy Meatball - well seasoned, evenly cooked
2) Cauliflower - interesting and creative, even to my meat-loving husband
3) Shrimp - well battered and not overcooked, crispy
4) Pork - good flavors, maybe just a bit on the dry side
5) Fried chicken - not enough chicken in the batter, and the batter itself was thickened with sauce that made the texture a bit more chewy and harder to eat. 
Beautiful mural artwork and good service !The atmosphere is great! It's pretty pricey considering the amount of food they serve. We ordered the carne Asada tacos and they were delicious but definitely not filling. The arroz con pollo had a great taste but the rice wasn't cooked all the wayCouldn't be happier to have this restaurant in t he CBD!  As soon as you walk in, you smell the delicious food - and the taste lives up to the smell.  Took the waiter's recommendation on tacos and they were delicious.  We had the Cabrito, Pork Belly, and Pescado tacos and all were really delicious.  We also ordered the guacamole and were encouraged to try the chapulines (grasshoppers) with it.  I was very skeptical, but it was a great choice.  Looking forward to going back to try more food!  Also, should be noted that the restaurant is beautiful - I love what they've done on the walls and even down to the plates that they serve food on.In new Orleans for the long weekend and sure let's try a restaurant a block from our hotel by two celebrity chefs.  Not a large place but we were just out of the car and we're there early for a Friday night so the seat was easy.  We had drinks and chips and salsa were provided.  Both were above average and very nice.  We ordered queso and it was not what we expected even though our waitress warned us.  It was cheese and meat and flavor and it was good enough to travel to eat.
My wife had the soft shell crab tacos and she loved them but thought there should have been a side.  I had the amberjack with an avocado pesto thing that was great.  
This place is something worth experiencing if you can.Would have liked to had the opportunity to enjoy the food and drinks here. Sadly, we took a Lyft from the opposite side of the city to go. Arrived at 9:13PM on Sunday night only to be turned away. They were scheduled to close at 10PM. We were told that they were closing early due to issues in the kitchen. People were in there, eating. No invite back and no apology.Customer service and atmosphere was wonderful! However, food was way overpriced for their quality. The food's okay. I've had better at cheaper restaurants.The cauliflower tacos are a must! Guacamole was very tasty as well. Great vibes from decor. Service was great. If your looking for something different from gumbo, this is your place. Yum!We had an excellent lunch here. The empanadas were my favorite appetizer during my trip to NOLA. The duck carnitas enchiladas were good, but was more of a cheese pot pie. Would go back and get the tacos instead. Great restaurant!We've been looking forward to trying out Johnny Sanchez since before we moved to New Orleans. I am a huge Aaron Sanchez fan and also have been dying to get to a John Besh restaurant (and since most of them are way out of my normal eating out price range..this one fit the bill, literally)
Finally gave it a go yesterday and went for happy hour (everyday from 3-6) knowing that the prices were a little high on the regular. 
We got the pitcher of margaritas for 17.50 which equaled about 6 margaritas..so even if there are just two of you, it's worth it (2 regular margaritas would be $18 total). The margs were strong and yummy. And we took our leftovers to-go (dontcha love New Orleans?!?!). 
Their chips and salsa are delish. I liked the green salsa and the boyfriend liked the smoke-ier red salsa. The chips were great bc their are some plantain chips mixed in. 
I have very high guacamole standards and theirs was pretty good but not my fave. 
I ordered the pescato tacos on the regular menu which were amazing. I'd definitely get them again. 
My boyfriend ordered the pork tacos and the chorizo tacos from the happy hour menu (both $5 each) and a side of the street corn (sooo yummy!) he was very happy with everything. 
We will definitely return..and keep coming to happy hour since that price fits our budget better.Super yummy food and great ambiance. A little pricey for one little taco but worth the experience. All the food is flavorful and happy hour has some great deals!The arroz con pollo is to die for.  Excellent margaritas as well.  Everything our party got they enjoyed - including the tacos and brussell sprout appetizer.  Highly Recommend.I went to this restaurant  to celebrate my nieces graduation from Tulane. My table shared many appetizers which were out of sight. The guacamole was delicious. I never ate chicken as moist as the wood-grilled chicken I ate here. The only negative was the corn-way-way too much. The desserts were wonderful. We shared a whole bunch. The atmosphere is lovely-the décor of the restaurant is very interesting. This is one Mexican restaurant so worth visiting many times.Mixed review on this one.  My food was not so great, it was sort of flavorless,  it the three people I was with really enjoyed their food.  The crawfish enchilada was the favorite of the four dishes we ordered.  Service was definitely lacking, but atmosphere was hip and cool.  Prices were pretty high too.  Not sure I would return...Decided to try this place out because of the Monthly culinary menu special. Made a booking using open table ( super easy) then arrived promptly at 5pm Saturday. We were seated almost immediately and to our disappointment they were not running the special on Saturday because it was "game" day. Was a bit bummed that there was no mention of that disclaimer anywhere. Anyway, we were there so decided to just order off the " game menu". 
I had the oyster taco and the cauliflower taco. My husband decided on the fish dish. We had a side of guacamole as well. The food arrived so quickly!! The ingredients tasted fresh and the food was so flavorsome! Being a South African - I am always on the search for bold and spicy flavors and this place hit the mark! 
We shared a dessert ( the strawberries and ice cream dessert with praline and angel cake I think) - it was delicious!
The food portions are smaller than what I've seen in New Orleans but a perfect size to not over eat. Myself and hubby enjoys smaller portions - so it was not an issue for us at all.I had heard many great things and one average review. We went today with group of six. None of us had been. Started with chips salsa guacamole and queso  fundido. The queso was more a gooey delight than a dip. Great!!!  Chips and salsa good. Guacamole was good. We had various tacos for entrees along with chicken enchiladas and tuna ceviche (had different name on menu but was basically ceviche). Huevo con chorizo tacos were awesome. Enchiladas fantastic. Mole was delicious.  Ceviche was a hit. We had various margaritas and Mexican egg nog special. All were tasty. Overall great experience!!!Had the most amazing cauliflower tacos !! We live in Mississippi but the next time we're in N.O. we will have them again.Excellent food, experience, and ambience! Recommend the queso, strawberry/vanilla margaritas, beef tacos, chicken enchiladas, salsa, and desserts. Everyone must dine at this place if visiting NOLA - food was phenomenal!We stumbled upon this gem while walking to our hotel.    The food was OUTSTANDING - dinner was a true delight with great flavors.    Our service was Erefaka and she was friendly, warm, hospitable, responsive, and provided great service.    I so highly recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting Mexican with a gourmet twist.Snapper Ceviche over priced at $16.. Seriously no more than 2oz of actual Snapper. House margarita good, not too acidic, just right.The food is good but they clearly went up on the prices for their lunch menu.  I had an iced tea, split an order of guac, and had one order of tacos and my share of the bill was $23.00 with tax and tip.  WTF???This is an amazing restaurant!!!!! Our waiter William B was amazing as well! Gave us "out of towners" the best recommendations! He was friendly and totally understood us! This place is out of this world! I've been to top chefs restaurants all over! This blew Chef Gordon Ramsay's in ac out of the park! By far the best flavors I have ever tasted! The drinks were top liquor. Truly amazing that this restaurant was outstanding! And I'm from NYC! Aaron u gained so much more respect! Also the decor was awesome the hostess even said Aaron comes to visit often, and he is so nice! I love u Chef Aaron and keep making the World more flavorful! ps your grandmas meatballs were so amazing. I give her credit as well! Xoxoxoxo from nyc!I am not a fan of corn tortillas but I love the Des Allemends fried catfish taco. The taco is amazing the tartar and guacamole are fresh and flavorful. The spicy chicken is nice I wish the chef would add an amazing sauce to compliment the flavors. I cam for happy hour and did not want to leave. If you like a strong margarita come here.Sub par.  Restaurant was nearly empty on a Saturday night.  Had such great hopes for the place.  Chips and salsa were awesome.  Shrimp tacos were awful.  Whole fish (snapper) was slightly overcooked and wildly over salted, as were the side vegetables.  We waited a good long time to go, hoping they would work out the kinks by the time we got there.  Not sure what they're working out, but the kinks have a long way to go.  So disappointed.  We had truly hoped for a winner with this Besh property.  Not to be.Johnny Sanchez! I like it! This place is a different take on the type of Mexican food we are used to around here, and I mean that in a good way. It is very forward thinking and yet has its roots in authentic Mexican food all the way from the beef tongue taco to the bugs in your queso. Excuse me? Say that again? Did I stutter? Bugs! Okay okay, I know I just scared a lot of people off, but it isn't all tongue and bugs, I promise.  
Right of the bat this place gets massive points for serving fried plantain chips along with its salsa (all free! salsa dance!).  I usually ask for just a basket of plantains, I don't even need the regular chips. Now when I ask for this I do it in the fattest voice possible, but the waiter still smiles and comes though! Their Verde is the best I have ever had. For real, I could come here and get plantains, verde, and a margarita and be set!  I am sure the wait staff would hate me but oh well!
The tacos range in variety from the mentions tongue to pork belly, to shrimp, to in a veggie option. The Shrimp is the stand out for me. They have a citrus grilled shrimp salad that is amazing. I am not a fan of cilantro (it taste like soup guys! is it genetic? who knows) so I get it with the lime vinaigrette and it is one of the best salads I have ever had. They have plenty of sides that includes street corn. Listen to me, go for the street corn, just do it already!
Okay so I guess I better talk about the bugs. So apparently it is very authentic to have crickets on your guacamole. It is an add on. I tried it (YOLO), it isn't for me. Last time I had a bug in my food I called the health department so the fact you have to pay to add bugs to your food at this place almost made me take off a star. ALMOST. 
The star is made up for by the fact that they offer a great happy hour with 5$ tacos and a well priced pitcher of margarita that makes me very happy (it is a good one, freshly made, no pre-made mix, get that crap out of here!)
Lastly, this place has the best queso ever. It is not a liquid sauce, but more like a cheese bake with chorizo in it that you eat with fresh tortillas. It is so savory. It is unmatched. 
The Good:
Atmosphere
Great authentic dishes
Happy Hour
Verde
Queso (it is not your mama's queso! and if it is, invite me over)
The Bad:
I will say that I have been here enough to know that sometimes they can be inconsistent. One time the corn was not nearly as good. One time my tacos were cold. It is rare but hey it happened so I am telling you about it. 
The Ugly:
Look if you offer me bugs to add to my food and then ask me to pay for those bugs, don't expect me to like it. It's bugs.This place is amazing! The service was top notch and the food was epic! Our server made sure we had everything we needed before she left the table. Her attention to detail and recommendation of dishes she enjoys eating, were spot on. The chef was kind enough to come out and greet the table when our meal was done. I would give this place 10 stars if I could. Next time your in NOLA stop by Johnny Sanchez and ask for Bethany (B), she will make sure you have an amazing time and guarantee an unforgettable memory.I've been here twice and absolutely love it!!! They have a great happy hour deal with tacos and drinks. The food is out of this world with flavor and super colorful. It's very nice on the inside and so much artwork to gaze at. The service is wonderful and I plan to attend many more times to come!!I love the local Besh restaurants. I like Aarón Sanchez on TV. I love Mexican food. Mix all three together and apparently you get meh.  (Should be a 2.5 star rating)
Drinks: Mango jalapeño margarita ($12). It was pretty great. 
Appetizer: shrimp ceviche ($8). I love ceviche. This ceviche was more sweet than tangy. I prefer it more lime-y. 
Chip and salsa: free! Already a great start. Red salsa- sweet. Too sweet. Not a bit spicy. Green salsa- good. Big on garlic. Not spicy. However, the chips seemed a bit stale to me... Chewy chips equal bad. 
Entree: carne asada tacos ($8). The taco filling was great, but came in default flour tortillas. My fault- I should've asked for corn- the flour tort seemed a tiny bit undercooked too me. 
Side dish: charro beans ($4). Their version of charro beans are not my version of charro beans. I'm used to more of a brothy type- this was more of a chilly type. But they were good. 
Desert: taco choco. For a $9 desert- they class it up (should read klass it up) by bringing it in the pre-packaged plastic wrapping. Luckily you get to open the plastic wrapping on your own to unlock a mediocre desert. Epic ending to a $50 ppa.
Forgot one last part- sat at the bar bartender was nice, informative, and overall pretty great. Service was on point.The atmosphere and vibe of this place screams fun and laid back. Great art and lighting. 
The food. Our table ordered almost everything on the menu. It was all excellent. 
Lengua taco, carne asada taco, guacamole, queso, empanadas, ceviche, quesadilla with shrimp. Everything was soooo yum. The dipping sauce for the empanadas and the crispy cheese on the quesadilla were some of my favorite parts. The freshness and flavor profile in the ceviche is what dreams are made of. Oh and even the salsa is amazing.I went here as my wife and I are huge fans of Aaron Sanchez and John Besh and I was not disappointed.  I went twice in a week.  Once for dinner and once for lunch. 
For dinner I had the Crispy Pig Ears small plate and the Louisiana Crawfish Enchiladas and they were both delicious.  The pig ears came out in a small skillet with a fried egg on top and a tangy salsa underneath.  They stayed crispy throughout and the flavor was enhanced by cilantro perfectly.  This may not be everyone's cup of tea, but be adventurous and give it a try.  You will not be disappointed.
Now for the main course, the enchiladas.  Roasted corn, salsa macha which I believe is the pickled jalapeño and small red peppers with a mix of herbs, the avocado also baked into the mix was outstanding.  The flavors that were achieved were perfectly balanced and the melted cheese on top that crisped around the edges, ah, who could ask for anything more.  
For lunch I had Aaron's grandmothers Albondinga Tortas.  It was the Thursday Express menu special that came with your choice of soup or green salad and I went with the chicken tortilla soup. 
The soup was not thick like I'm used to with most places where I've had it, but I would not have it any other way.  The pieces of avocado were also a nice addition.  The albondiga torta came out and the torta bread was smoking hot and beautifully toasted which added to the flavor of the whole sandwich.  The meatballs (albondigas) were tender and moist, but held together nicely.  All the other sauces and herbs blended for a perfect bite.  Needless to say I enjoyed the food, but I also enjoyed the ambiance especially the huge mural on the wall which showcased a blend of Aaron's tattoos and some other images to represent John Besh, which I learned from the excellent staff.  
Everything blended together for a perfect experience and I recommend trying it out.We came here for lunch on a Friday. My husband and I both had a margarita, these were pretty good. We ordered the queso dip for our app, I didn't want to stop eating it. Then we had the crawfish enchiladas, carne asada taco, and albondigas taco. All very good and would order again.I thoroughly enjoyed this place. It's different from your typical Mexican restaurant,  a bit pretentious. 
I ordered the chicken flautas, rice and beans. 
The flautas were very good! The rice was   green but it was good. I think I'd prefer really good authentic Mexican rice, the beans were good too. 
It was way over priced!
Oh, I ordered a fancy lemonade , can't remember the name but it was alright. I just ended up drinking my water.
Food was good but prices need to be rethought.4 solid stars.  This place sits squarely with 4 stars IMO.  Great food, tasty margaritas and a banging Besh happy hour deal for tacos and margaritas.  We have been here a handful of times and it's never a disappointment.  The chorizo tacos are the bomb.  I just wish they would play something other than NBA in the bar!  HaOrdered off of Uber Eats, as I was having a hankering for chips and salsa, and their red sauce looked legit.
HOWEVER, it was the cauliflower taco that caught me completely off guard. 
I know, I know! You're like, what compelled you to get a taco with cauliflower on it, and I don't know, but I'm very happy I did.
It was outstanding! 
The Mexican Street Corn is also very good. Sweet, nice flavors...Nothing bad on the menu!!  I've been here a number of times, and haven't found a bad dish yet.  Definitely recommend happy-hour tacos or taco-Tuesday.  The Albondigas tacos are delicious and something I've never seen at any other Mexican style restaurant.We went for dinner on a Saturday night early before a show and the restaurant was just starting to fill up. Service was really good, fast and friendly. We had the sopes (needed some seasoning), the ceviche (overly spicy), the goat tacos (I heard these were great), the snapper tacos (reported as pretty good) and the pork belly tacos (good but again needed salt).  The menu was hard to choose from as so much sounded really tasty.
We all really enjoyed the chip assortment and both the green and red salsas. 
I didn't see much influence from Besh here, honestly. We had a great time though, and the prices are exceptional for what you get. 
At this point I think the place has a cool atmosphere and is worth checking out again for a casual night out. It wasn't my favorite restaurant, but it has made a good start and I'm sure will be tweaked and improved by my second visit, which I will definitely make. I'll be trying different menu items next time though. Interested in the rice, street corn, masa dessert and skirt steak.Thank goodness for this place.  I love Mexican food and was getting tired of eating all that fried stuff in the South.  Our last day, we found this place and I was in heaven.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because there should have been beans and rice along with the taco's.  At least the chips and salsa was free and very tasty.Had a lot of great Mexican food in my life.  This was a big disappointment.
Service was outstanding.  Atmosphere was nice too.  Food was lukewarm and bland.Johnny Sanchez is an upscale, beautifully-decorated, contemporary Mexican restaurant. Service was good, and the food was terrific! I ordered the Breakfast Nachos, which was flavorful and big. There is a nice selection of draft and bottled beers. I ordered Pacifico (draft). I would recommend this place and return. RJTCame here because of the reviews and it has not disappointed. Drinks a little pricy at $12 but they were good. Guacamole was very good and I liked that they added. Everyone enjoyed their dinner from shrimp to carne Asada tacos. It's a good place to come to when you get tired a Cajun food.I can't say enough about how much we enjoyed this restaurant. Great atmosphere and service.  The food doesn't just look good, but everything has so much flavor.Johnny Sanchez had a pretty good happy hour: a selection of their tacos for $2, half off wine by the glass, well mixed drinks, beers and their signature margaritas. 
The chicken tacos is AMAZING. I'd give it 5 stars on its own. The catfish taco was like a 4.75 star. Also tried their Mexican street corn which as ridiculously good. I loved it on the baked plantains they serve with their chips and salsa.
The atmosphere of the restaurant was fun and vibrant and the wait staff was friendly and had our food/drinks up pretty quickly. Definitely recommending this place to anyone visiting the area.Loved this place!  While a pitcher of house margaritas was a bit pricey they were really good. The food was moderately priced and tasted fantastic. We had the brussel sprout appetizer (sooo good), the carnitas street tacos, the pulled goat tacos and the beef tongue tacos. I've never had beef tongue before and I'm now a fan. The goat was great too albeit not a new experience for me. I highly recommend this place. TIP: go between 3-6 for the 1/2 price pitchers of margaritas and a selection of $5 street tacos (the beef tongue included)...oh and tacos come 2 to an order!I called to ask if we needed a reservation for lunch on a Tuesday and it was recommended that we do, but not necessary. We did just in case but there were plenty of tables available when we got there at 1:30pm (we were lucky to find a meter parking spot right in front of the restaurant $3 for two hours). Just being my wife and I we were sat at the only two tops tables in the restaurant (in the bar area which is no big deal but there is a wall that almost closes you off from the rest of the dining area... Not a big deal the bartender that served us was excellent). 
We were brought chips and salsa (both red and green which were both tasty but very mild in spiciness). I had a Mexican coke and my wife had the Florecita cocktail which was one of the best gin cocktails we have ever had. For starters we had the crispy Brussel sprouts salad (probably our favorite item we had and one the most popular on the menu) and the tuna agua chile appetizer (which we thought lacked a little flavor and overall tuna in the dish but had a nice kick with the jalapenos).
We tried three different tacos (they come in pairs of two and cost anywhere from $8-12). We had the carne asada tacos (probably our favorite... Note that if you don't tell them you want corn tortillas it comes standard with flour). We also had the Cabrito tacos (slow roasted goat and our least favorite), and the Mangalitsa pork belly tacos w/pineapple salsa (decent). Our bill came out to about $80 (not including tip) which is to be expected from a Besh/Sanchez restaurant. 
My only advice is to come into Johnny Sanchez knowing that the concept is Mexican fusion and not authentic south of the border Mexican food... You may be pleasantly surprised! To each their own, and I'm not sure this is the right restaurant for my palate but I would definitely recommend you try it at least once!My friend and I absolutely loved Johnny Sanchez! The ambience and decor were also great. We came for their happy hour specials like $2 tacos and half off beers and a few other drinks. I got two $2 Des Allemands Fried Catfish tacos, topped with jalapeño tartar sauce and grilled corn salsa. It was delicious! Also got the Johnny Sanchez margarita (tequila blanco, triple sec, fresh lime, orange, agave, salt rim).
My friend got the Cauliflower Taco with crispy cauliflower, salsa verde, queso fresco, and roasted corn salsa (sadly not part of the $2 taco deal) and the Holy Roller IPA. She said it was the best taco she'd ever had!Let me start off by saying the corn side is DELICIOUS!!! =) Another John Besh win! We enjoyed the tacos and margaritas. =) Located off of Poydras street. Cow tongue tacos are the best! They have a great happy hours as do all of the John Besh restaurants. They dont have designeated parking so you will need to find a spot on the street or a garage nearby.I'm a big fan of cooking shows, so now that Aaron Sanchez is a judge on Masterchef, I was eager to check out his restaurant. A quick trip to Nola provided a perfect opportunity and I was thrilled to get s reservation here tonight. The decor is interesting and appealing - although the mural on one wall is great, I think the lighting really steals the show - the eclectic and artsy hanging lights are awesome! Now, the food .... I was greeted by a charming server and given ice water and a basket of homemade tortilla and plantain chips with fresh salsa. They were delicious! The menu offered a good variety of interesting options; I opted for a shrimp quesadilla with a side of Mexican street corn. The corn was scrumptious and the quesadilla was positively mind-blowing! I had no idea the humble quesadilla could be so good!!! This will definitely be on my "must visit" list when I'm in New Orleans!This restaurant is amazing from beginning with drinks to appetizers to tacos to desserts...no one should go to NOLA without experiencing this restaurant.My husband and I ate the oyster tacos along with a barbacoa taco and queso fundido not to mention the margaritas this past Sunday evening while in NOLA!! No need to say anymore!! Everything was outstanding! Chef Aaron & Chef Besh-what a great combination! Kudos to Chef Luke also!!!  P.S. This crawfish lover would be over the top if the crawfish enchiladas was put back on the menu!!I went here a week ago for a date night. 
I actually heard about the restaurant Aaron Sanchez himself when I ran into him at another restaurant in town. The restaurant is beautiful and the waitstaff was very attentive.
We could not decide what to order to we ended up ordering lots of different foods. We started with the queso and two tacos (oyster, carne). Amazing! The steak was so tender, it practically melted. 
We had the street corn, enchiladas, and empanadas. Everything we ate was amazing. The enchiladas were a little overlooked but tasty.
This place is a great spot for a date or just hanging out with friends. Do yourself a favor and check it out.When you hear "New Orleans Cuisine" you immediately think of Gumbo, étouffée, fried catfish, Bloody Mary, muffuletta, debris poboy and many others.  Mexican Food is probably the last item on your list...until now.  After seeing posts by Aaron Sanchez we decided to make a quick stop after visiting family.  Upon entering we were greeted with a funky vibe and decor that you typically would attribute to the Big Easy. We were sat next to the windows and had a full view of the restaurant and poydras street.  We ordered the Johnny Sanchez Margarita and before we knew it we had three each.  Excellent, hand crafted margarita...no mix to be found anywhere.  We were eager to try the chips and salsa but were surprised to have fried plantains with our chips.  We ate our weight (not really) in plantains.  Perfect vessel to scoop the homemade tomatillo and red sauces.  Perfect amount of heat and spices to know this didn't come from a jar (unlike others).  We ordered the guacamole as an appetizer. I only eat guacamole I make because I cannot stand to think someone squeezes it out of a pastry bag. This was hands down the finest guacamole I've ever eaten. Perfect combination of cumin, lime and jalapeño all while still allowing the avocado to be the star.   For our main course we had the fish tacos and the soft shell crab taco.  The fresh jalapeño garlic aioli along with the fresh crab made the taco one we won't forget.  I failed to catch the name of the fish for the taco my wife had but it was a flaky fish with a great flavor.  When I cook Mexican food I usually cook street corn...or so I thought.  Tonight I learned what real Mexican street corn taste like.  Trust me, order it!!!  All in all it was a great meal and restaurant that we will for sure recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.I wanted to really like Johnny Sanchez, but found it to be good not great. The guacamole was delicious, very creamy. The tuna tostada was tasty, but served on really small round chips. I had the Arroz Con Pollo, which was good but I don't feel the desire to have it again. My boyfriend had the lamb enchiladas, which were also very good, although a bit strong on the mole. Overall a good experience but didn't quite live up to my Besh expectations.Very loud and open restaurant, but amazing mural on the wall. Nice selection of tacos, but order individual. They tacos and sides wee very good enjoyed ceviche app as wellThe food is pretty fantastic - and so are the margaritas. They started us off with chips and fried plantains with some amazing house salsa. Then for dinner, my group of happy vegetarians loved the pumpkin empanadas, queso, and the brussel sprouts. We also each got a cauliflower taco - it was by far the best vegetarian taco I've ever had. So we went back the next day for happy hour- half off margs and $2 tacos ... but unfortunately, the cauliflower tacos weren't on the happy hour menu. In fact, there wasn't a single vegetarian taco on the happy hour menu. I felt completely overlooked.  Sad face.The service was second to none and every bite was as if I died and went to heaven.We were excited to try Johnny Sanchez (huge fans of Chef Aaron). We were so disappointed!!!!!
The menu was interesting and elevated as we expected, but the service and cleanliness left so much to be desired.
We came in the late afternoon, so it wasn't busy at all. We chose bar seats.  The bartender was completely off the standard you would expect (typically bartenders are the most hospitable in the building).  We had to ask for everything (umm doesn't that top shelf margarita have salt on the rim like the menu states?) from drinks to our food, NONE of the usual social cues were on the radar. It wasn't just us, but the few people around us were also experiencing long waits and neglectful service.
With so many amazing restaurants in NOLA, don't get sucked into this one based on it's celebrity chef/owner.  The standard you would expect from
restaurant who's chef publicly critiques aspiring chefs Is not present here.  Cleanliness, hospitality and atmosphere were all well below the many amazing spots to have seafood, tacos and cocktails in NOLA.  
Such a huge disappointment from two huge fans!May be biased as I live close by but I love the margaritas and guac. Staff is great. Entree food is s hot or miss with me. Not that it is not done well it's just not always items that pique my interest. Tacos are a little sparse for me. Again this is just my opinion. Sit with Justin Loren and talk with the managers. Awesome staff.The chips and plantain chips salsa, guacamole and queso  are amazing! Some of thee best ive had....my entree OMG the steak burrito was sooooooooooo gooodddddd must try!.....btw ask for Chris...cool guy and has great service.Oh where to start... Very disappointed experience went there with high expectations and the fact that a famous Mexican chef considers that the food that he serves makes justice to his culture is terrible . Mexican culinary has so much to give and he didn't makes justice to that . So for me I rather go no a not so fancy place and have some amaizing authentic Mexican food!Excellent.  Tacos were very good, never had a cat fish taco. Tasty!  House margarita very good. Guacamole was excellent.  Would come backChris M was extremely slow and barely acknowledged our table out of the 3 or 4 in total he had. It was a slow time in the day but we still saw him standing at the host stand chit chatting immediately after taking our order. We were also charged for multiple soft drinks without the knowledge that refills were not free. This isn't a problem, but should have been expressed when the DD of our party ordered a diet coke. The amount of time we were in the restaurant was excessive for what was ordered, but the food was relatively good. The poor service far out weighed the quality of food and I will not be back.Came here for lunch with a large party. Food quality was great, though a tad pricey for the portions. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable. Overall, definitely recommend if you're into more authentic Mexican, not Tex mex. The decor was also very nice.Came in Taco Tuesday which was a nice surprise. The place is decorated in an urban, modern way.  We were greeted and brought to our table quickly. While we didn't want to originally have tacos while we were visiting New Orleans, my friends and I were all very glad we tried thid place.  Our tacos and drinks were delicious. We got a side of the Mexican Street corn and it was the best I ever had. A great restaurant (and very large) in the downtown area I recommend trying!Excellent cauliflower and fish tacos. Good drinks. Love the free plantain that arrive when you sit down. Can get loud sometimes in here.I had a really good lunch here. The space looks great. I was toting two senior citizens, a toddler plus 2 other adults and we all found something to eat. But who cares about them? It's all about me. 
The plantains, chips and salsa that came immediately to the table were delicious as can be. For starters, we had the shrimp ceviche, guacamole and queso. They were all fine. But what blew my mind was the crispy Brussels sprouts dish. There were stray raw leaves tossed in with the roasted ones plus bits of roasted pumpkin and a touch of pickled peppers. I would take one bite and 'mmmmm' out loud. And then repeat. I couldn't even help myself. The cauliflower romesco taco also blew my mind. A little orange segment was the perfect contrast. The pork belly one was great too with the bits of pineapple. Everything always had a deep flavor but always the contrast of something bright and fresh. Pickled, crunchy, sweet. Perfection. 
Server was great and the meal was chill. I can't wait to come back!I love the Besh restaurant empire and everything he does, but somehow the details in his food are clearly influenced here in a bad way if present at all.  The collaborative effort of this restaurant comes across as less of a meeting of the minds but more of a situation of "too many cooks in the kitchen".   Or more accurately, this is a Mexican restaurant with little to no influence of cajun/creole food and therefore an Aaron Sanchez spot coasting on the name of John Besh.
The food: the only saving grace was the achiote pork belly carnitas taco.  I was initially concerned that a pork belly taco would be overly fatty.  However it was rendered well and the meat was juicy without being all fat. Interestingly (and unfortunately) the rest of the things we ate were ALL GREASE!  When I say grease I mean grease... my wife had the skirt steak tacos and the brussels sprout salad, and between the two of them we could have collected the oil that dripped out and put it in a pint glass.
I wanted this place to be great.  But Mr. Sanchez, just because you're in New Orleans fat does not always mean flavor.  Please tighten it up and give us some tacos worthy of the John Besh name.Chef Landrem and his team deliver a superior food experience. Tried Tuna Tostada, Lamb belly special, Burrata Mollete and a few others. The Cauliflower tacos are quite incredible. Highly recommend. Delightful, colorful, flavor packed, food.$2.00 tacos! During happy hour. Loved the avondagas and the carnitas tacos. We stopped in before the pelicans game. Husband loved the rice I loved the fresh salsa. Ambiance was upscale cozy. Safe area for walking. Got busy right about 530...30 minutes before the end of happy hour.Came here for lunch with high expectations. I LOVE Mexican food and since Im from California and love both Chefs I was surprisingly disappointed. :( The starter salsa with tortillas and plantains and my margarita were all awesome. However, the flautas were definitely over cooked. I had a chicken taco that was loaded with way too much sauce (I think it was mole), and my fiance barely had any sauce on his. He said his other tacos were OK. The mexican street corn was super cheesy for me. Although it was pretty empty when we came in it was Essence Festival sooo maybe the food was rushed. Ill think about coming back and giving it a second try when a festival is NOT in town. :(