Had a disappointing experience. I have years of experience in the restaurant industry and understand the difficulty of opening a restaurant. I hope they can adjust a few things quickly at Justine. 
First, our table was ready and we were sat quickly, and the hostess commented with a sigh of relief, "At least your table is ready." The ambience is very cool, and I love the vibe of the decor. We sat and about 10 minutes later we were greeted by our server. He was very pleasant and clearly experienced, but overwhelmed with how long drinks and food were taking for his tables. 
We ordered a bottle of wine, and I thought the wine list was solid. Good choices in a range of prices. 
We ordered the oysters en perseillade and bone marrow app. It took about 30 minutes to receive our appetizers. The oysters were cooked perfectly and my favorite dish of the night. The bone marrow was over cooked and the marrow was lost in the mashed potatoes, which were average potatoes. We sadly sent back the marrow, because we could not find any. If the marrow was laid to the side and cut differently, the dish could work. 
For entrees, which took about 45 minutes after appetizers, we ordered the short ribs, spinach gratin, and shrimp en papillote. The short ribs and spinach were very good. The shrimp were raw, cold and brown. I had to send it back and obviously sending out raw food is not ok. Instead of putting it in another piece of paper and placing them back into the oven, they grilled the shrimp and did not cook the vegetables again that were in the paper with the raw shrimp. I sent it back a second time, because I did not order grilled shrimp and because of the vegetables. I assume the kitchen thought this was ok, but I was very excited to see this on the menu and would not have ordered grilled shrimp. This was the main reason I was disappointed, having a major problem with a main dish and not fixing it correctly. Food integrity should be important to a chef and his kitchen. Although a manager came by after the food was sent back, a manager should have dropped off the food the second time. I felt so bad for our server.  I ordered the mussels instead and they were typical mussels. We had the gateau for dessert and it was great. 
I suggest waiting and let the kitchen work out the kinks before dining here. Also, be prepared to wait for your food on busy nights. From my view, the beef entrees are what work best. I sadly won't be returning.Fun place. Food was good service was a little slow. But the workers are very friendly I think it's just a busy place!Stumbled across this restaurant in the French quarter. Beyond one of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time. Order the Croque Monsieur, and its was unbelievable. The service and atmosphere could not be any better. Already planning my next trip back to New Orleans just to come back.This is one of the most beautiful restaurant spaces in New Orleans! The food is absolutely amazing and definitely did not disappoint. The service still has a few kinks to work out- it seemed that the wait staff was under- supported for the size of the restaurant. It was also a bit weird to invest in multiple burlesque dancers (which honestly I could do without while eating dinner) walking around plus a DJ when there aren't enough people to serve. I'll definitely return though as the food was amazing!Justine is a newer French restaurant in NOLA and I was excited to try it when I came to visit friends! They had been here a few times and have enjoyed the drinks and food. 
Upon entry, the restaurant is immaculately decorated. It's hip yet French. Definitely the vibes of a more upscale restaurant. They also had dancers to add to the vibe. 
In regards to the food, we had the steak tartare which was good. My friends have had this several times and said it's one of the best. I ordered a couple drinks with one being a classic daiquiri which was super tasty. Both drinks were strong and a good value compared to what I'm used to paying in the DC area.  For dinner, I ordered the croque monsieur and this was AMAZING. The bread was covered in Gruyere cheese and yet the bread wasn't too soft. It was perfect. I would come back to NOLA just for this sandwich alone. I also ordered fries on the side and they were good too. More of a shoestring french fry. For dessert, we split the banana creme. Also a solid choice. 
Overall, I would definitely come back here when I visit the city! I'm deducting a star since the service was a little slow and took a while to order another drink.The decor is stunning and well thought out. The front of the house (where the bar is located) is pretty noisy, but the back dining area is quiet. I recommend dining in the back if you're trying to engage in conversation. The food was really great but nothing to write home about. The drinks were amazing (the highlight of our dinner) but it shouldn't take over 20 minutes to get a French 75. We were told the bar was backed up by 30 tickets. I have no idea what that means, but it sounds like they need more bartenders. For only being open for two weeks, I'd say this place is average with the potential to be over the top.  We'll try it again in a few months.Great atmosphere, beautiful restaurant! The design deserves 5 stars. The food was good but the croque monseuir I ordered was mostly bread. Barely any ham or sauce. The side salad was delicious. French onion soup was good. 
I was mostly disappointed with the staff for this style restaurant. You can see in the kitchen, and the cooks were constantly eating the food while cooking it. Also, our waiter was not attentive at all and lacked knowledge of the food and cocktail menu. Would go back but needs improvement for price.We were in town for Endymion and met up with our crew mates for brunch. We started at the bar and had a great time thru the meal. The food was excellent. The steak tartare was to DIE for!!!  I can't remember what I ate but my wife had chicken fried in duck fat. It was damn good. Friends had some egg dishes that were fantastic. Lots of good beverages to help you not remember what you ate, obviously:) They had some local artist do some on the wall artwork which gave the place a unique feel. Plus a DJ spinning some tunes. We will be back!My wife and I came here for our anniversary dinner and we had one of the best dining experiences. I mentioned while making our reservation that it was our anniversary and every staff member we encountered wished us happy anniversary. We were also treated to complimentary drinks. The service throughout the night was impeccable, everyone was so friendly and engaging, and they really made us feel special on a special night. The food was just as good as the service, if not better. We also loved the fun lively atmosphere. Overall, we had a wonderful evening and we will definitely be coming back. Thanks!Awesome experience at this new eatery in the Quarter.  The salad Nicoise was devine.  Bright, classy and affordable luxury.  A+unique and beautiful concept! Great drinks. Could have spent the whole night just hanging out.Pricey but some things are worth it. Don't go cheap because those tend to be the less great items- such as the French dip sandwich. Two at our table got it and they both didn't think it was good. I had the steak au poivre and it's amazing!! Worth the $! The French onion soup is delicious! Octopus ceviche with grapefruit was ok, we didn't end up finishing it. We wish there was something chocolate on the dessert menu but to our  surprise there was nothing! What?!Visited this restaurant over an extended weekend an only the eighth day of this restaurant being open. I want to say the food, cocktails, atmosphere, and service were fantastic. For a newer restaurant this group did a fantastic job. I visited this restaurant with four other guests and there were no complaints what so ever. The server did make a very small error when it came to on individuals meal, but she quickly had it resolved and made the situation right. I would highly recommend to everyone. When back in the New Orleans area I will defiantly come back to this restaurant.I love this place! From the decor to the drinks, the meal and dessert. The service was great too. This place is beautifully designed. Just gorgeous. Madeline, our server/bartender, concocted us a cocktail off the menu. It, too, was beautiful and delicious. New Orleans is not stingy with their alcohol at all!!!! We ordered the French onion soup, Justine burger, and the almond cookie de creme (I think that was the name) everything, was PERFECTION!!! we couldn't stop talking about the food. Madeline was so sweet to recommend us other places just as good.  Great job to the team at JustineOne star for taking my meal off the bill. I have been reading about this restaurant for some time and was anticipating a great experience.  However, although the ambience is youthful and fun, the service is extremely slow and the food is a bore.  After ordering our fairly good cocktails we asked if there was bread for the table.  We received two heated rolls with butter, that's right two, one for each person!  While waiting for our meal, all of a sudden a beautiful "burlesque" Vegas/Showgirl shows up with a feathered fan and sexy costume and starts dancing for all of us who had no clue why she was there!!  After finally getting my chicken fried in duck fat, which was nearly burnt and the chicken inside was tasteless and inedible.  I had also ordered potato purée which mysteriously did not show up with the entree until I asked for them.  The waiter and manager both asked if I wanted something else and I didn't at this point, guessing I would have to wait another hour to get it while my guest had already finished her meal, which was ok but not great.  The manager said he would not charge me for the meal which was very gracious.  I suggest Justine's owners focus on what this restaurant is to be, a French Bistro, Cafe or Burlesque Parlor (at least get a stage).  The service must be amped up and the chef needs to be more consistent and/or more experienced.  Popeye's makes a better fried chicken than this place.Decor / ambiance is 5 stars. Food is 2.  I really wanted to like the food but it was bad.  The shrimp papilliotte was bland, unseasoned and small.  Came with nothing. For $24, excuse my French, but wtf.  I'm sure it will be off the menu soon.  Burger was sub par, served cold, nothing special about it and the fries had no flavor.  And it was $18. We also had the tartare, lobster app and tuna salad. All lacked flavor.  Nothing was great. They were also out of the daily special which was very disappointing because that's what I had planned on ordering.  Guess I'm used to good New Orleans food and my standards are high.  Sadly, I wouldn't go again if it was on my own dime....We happened on this place after a jazz show and wanted to avoid the standard bourbon street messes.  Made it right before closing, got the last few seats at the bar.  Wow! Felt like we were in a great big city bar, very different from what i thought was available here. Outstanding drinks, bartenders were very attentive late at night. The 1789 was excellent. Also had some oysters here, pricy but clearly fresh and very tasty.  Loved the ambience and escape from the assault on the senses you otherwise expect in the French quarter on a late saturday.The DeVilliers have done it again! Went to their New Year's Eve spectacular. Amazing prime rib (best I've had in NOLA) and lobster. Can't wait to try their coq au vin.Service at the bar was just ok. We got a tuna narcoise salad which was very good. Didn't like seeing foie grass on the menu.  I'm an animal advocate so that didn't sit well. Was good to check out given they're fairly new. Beautiful inside but just overpriced.  Not one of our favorites. Probably won't go back.If you are looking for authentic and delicious French cuisine, this is it! I chose Justine for my 50th birthday dinner and it did not disappoint! All six in our party chose different dishes and all six were fantastic!Five stars for ambience! And the food is great too. We came by here at night and it looked like a funky place to dine..fast forward to the following morning and we decided to have brunch. 
Walking in, it's an overload of your visual senses! Gorgeous interior (and patio as well). The menu was a French classic with some New Orleans flare. Brunch turned into lunch and the burger looked too good to pass up! And it was a good burger, probably what made it more unique was the side of homemade Dijon. My friend had the steak tartare which was very good as well.
Would love to come here and sit on the patio next time to people watch as I dine and drink!This was an amazing experience. Decor feels like an art gallery!  Food was unbelievable!  Had the French Dip. Service was wonderful. Highly recommend!I honestly wanted to give this place zero stars!!! I waited over an hour for a well done steak and it comes to the table COLD!! Both the steak and fries were cold. The waiter was cold.  He avoided our table for a good 30 min.  I was at the point of almost walking out.  
Please try another restaurant!  Do not waste your time nor money coming in here. I've been here for two hours HUNGRY AS HELL!  Very disappointed.  Willie's Chicken here i come!!!
By the way. Our server's name was Chris.  Avoid his section if you can. He's gonna twirl around the whole restaurant without checking in on you. If you have a problem he is definitely not coming back.Great French onion soup very inviting environment the rest of the menu looked amazing with things like boullibasse and one of my favorite salad nicoise which I will go back for Definitely. the only downfall was dessert I was really craving something decadent and chocolate and the only chocolate on the menu was ice cream but other than that it was very very goodBeautiful design, art, entertainment, staff, customers, and of course food...  The late night menu is a little limited but the food is wonderful and impecably presented.  Excellent cocktails too.  Burlesque dancers add to the fun.  Best dining place we've experienced in New Orleans.This place is cute. I came here to have lunch and it was a beautiful day. We had an amazing table near the entrance and had the window/door open. Service was excellent. I ordered the French onion soup and it was really rich. There was lots of cheese and it was nicely browned. I also had a bit of the nicoise salad. It was ok. I enjoyed the dressing it had, but wasn't a fan of the pieces of tuna used. I meant to check out the decor that was further inside, but forgot to. However my cousin said it was really nice inside.Great service and amazing food. Can't wait to come back. The fries, burger, and chicken were all fantastic. The waiter was very attentive and accommodating to everyone's needs.Everything was great,  no complaints on anything.  Food was cooked perfectly and season well.  Some of the beat tar tar i have had in the cityThe atmosphere of the restaurant was okay but the intended burlesque vibe was off put by loud music which made the guests talk even louder just to carry a conversation. Our server was really nice! She was obviously overwhelmed by how long food and drinks were taking to be made. I'm a server myself so I felt for her there. The "Burlesque" dancer was a little off putting because it felt like it didn't have to much of a purpose or an introduction. We thought she was just some drunk woman swirling around the restaurant until we found out they actually pay her to do that. Lmao. I'm sure she was nice enough but everyone in the restaurant was avoiding eye contact so they didn't attract her to their table. I feel like the owners should figure out a way to present the dancer with a little more structure and then it would make some more sense. It's not a bad idea but the execution is just awkward. The food itself was okay. Not bad but compared to the rest of the cuisine in New Orleans, nothing to write home about. The menu itself is brilliant and the chef obviously has a real eye for what he WANTS to serve, but unfortunately the food itself (although fresh and quality) did not bring the descriptions to life. I might come back in a few months after they've gotten their bearings and taken in some feedback.Absolutely fantastic dining experience -- and it was an experience! When I arrived for my reservation on 2/1, about a week after opening, the restaurant was packed. Although my table wasn't yet ready, I was able to grab a seat at the bar and enjoy a truly delicious cocktail. The name escapes me, but it was made with lemon chartreuse and gin -- something with fizz in the name, I think? Regardless, it was fantastic. Quite possibly would be my favorite part of the evening if the service weren't absolutely out of this world. Our waitress and hostess were completely lovely. Keep an eye out for a young woman named Darriante hosting if you are there -- her warm smile and welcoming energy really makes the place!
The food is fantastic. Its arrival was a bit slow, but that's to be expected -- they are turning over 400 tables within one week of opening, so I imagine the kitchen is still finding its feet. Didn't impact the quality of the food, though! Even though I couldn't finish everything (typical for me, I never finish my meals it appears), and therefore didn't order dessert, I was extremely satisfied. 
Can't wait to return! Probably will within the next few weeks.The escargot was amazing as well as the burger and the lobster raviolo. I feel like the pané isn't quite there yet but still very enjoyable. I think the food is definitely four stars but the drink menu and service were superb with an absolutely unique and gorgeous atmosphere. I will definitely be back and will recommend this to all my friends and visitorsAmazing from start to finish! The hostess was happy to seat us at a table despite not having reservations. We were greeted in a timely manner, offered water and cocktails/wine. We needed a few dishes explained and our server was happy to help and very descriptive. The timing between apps and entrees was on point. (We didn't give our server the full order at once.) Our server, runners, and other servers worked together to make our experience fabulous. Management stopped by twice to ensure we were having a positive night. The ambiance! From d.j. to decor to smiling employees. Chef has perfected his menu selections: everything tasted wonderful, leaving you wanting more. Thank you Justine for making an ordinary Sunday night extraordinary.Nice modern twist on the classic French brasserie.....upbeat music, cool decor, classic menu and great great service.  Trout almondine was excellent as were the pommes purees.Really great experience. Went in right at 11 Am, was greeted by many friendly patrons, sat at the bar, and ordered two drinks. Both drinks were really unique experiences, and both I would not find anywhere else. My husband and I ordered the burger and French onion soup. Pretty much died and went to heaven with each bite. The atmosphere was unique, elegant, and welcoming. Super cute, chic, and a hot spot many don't know about. Overall, a great experience and definitely will be sending family and friends here.We ordered 4 items. Good food, small portions and nothing to warrant going back. Don't see how this restaurant will survive in New Orleans. The French onion soup was way too sweet and heavy on onion. Just not a good balance. The Lobster Raviolo was delicious, but for $28, overpriced. The single ravioli was filled with "pieces" of Lobster. The duck confit was also a good dish, but more of a tapas size. The entree salad we ordered was good. You will leave this restaurant hungry, after spending a good amount of $$. Not worth it.We enjoyed dinner last night.  The restaurant is beautiful and tastefully decorated.  The food was very good, I had the short ribs which I enjoyed very much.  Others in my party had the filet and ribeye steaks and very  enjoyed them.  The service is not quite there yet but that is to be expected for a restaurant which has only been open a few weeks.  The busser removed our bread and bread plates and ramekens of ketchup before our meal arrived.  I think he misjudged and thought we were finished our meal.  Also, when I arrived to our table in the back of the restaurant, I still had my umbrella in my hand and I asked the waiter if there was a place that he could store it for me and he told me I could take it to the hostess stand.  I thought it was odd he didn't offer to take it for me.  Other than that we had a nice meal and I would try it again.I've been having such a nice culinary experience in the past 3 days in our trip to New Orleans until I got here. I waited over and HOUR to get the entrée. When I finally got the shrimp en papilliote, there were just 4!!! I had to pay $24 for 4 shrimps and four pieces of veggies. So so disappointed. There are so many good places around the French quarter, avoid Justine at all cost!Overall food, service, and ambiance were good, however, with so many other outstanding restaurants in NOLA they definitely a solid middle tier player. I was a bit concerned by the reviews of bad service, but I can gladly say that they must have made a lot of improvements and trained their team better since our experience was solid. Always a good sign that the restaurant is constantly looking for way to improve. 
A restaurant that specializes in classic French technique certainly served up some delectable dishes. While not all dishes were a hit I truly enjoyed the overall experience. A few highlights and must get are: Lobster Tartine, Poisson Amandine (the texture, and flavor!), and Pots de Creme (so creamy). The Duck Confit and Foie Gras Torchon were good, but not the best I had. Finally, the Petite Filet Au Poivre was really underwhelming and really lacking in flavor, avoid at all cost.
I wouldn't say I'd come out of my way to come back with so many options out there, but if you haven't been, definitely worth a taste.Love the atmosphere, the drinks, the food, and the staff!! Happened upon the restaurant and loved every minute of it.  The late night atmosphere involves a dressed up and entertaining the customers. The music was turned up for the late night hours and was a great background that fits the New Orleans vibe. We all loved our drinks and were treated to a personal visit to our table from the manager, Randy, to make sure everything was exceptional. Out waiter, Bill, was super attentive and the food was amazing.This has got to be one of most exciting new restaurants in NOLA to date. The ambiance is beautiful, vibrant and fun. The decor is gorgeous and complements the delicious fare. Our first visit was so nice that we quickly went back for a second visit and weren't disappointed!Described as "Parisian Style Brasserie"and it truly lives up to that.  You walk in and to your left is a bright and airey room called the Cafe that overlooks Charters St. then a large dining room and bar.  Old Parisian art stenciled on the walls of the cafe just add to the ambiance.  Started with the Salad Maison with a red wine vinaigrette and the addition of fresh herbs,  dill and mint, made for a great start.  Went with the Moules Frites  ( mussels and fries) very classical Brasserie food of mussels steamed in white wine and herbs with some onion and garlic. They were excellent and has crisp french bread with a great presentation in a huge covered "pot". Other classic Brasserie choices included French Onion Soup, Steak Tartare, Croque Monsier, Salad Nicoise and Duck Confit  (similar to Cassoulet) and some daily specials as Coq au Vin and Bouillabaise just being 2. Giana was excellent server and with a full bar and excellent wine list it was a great experience.I had a great experience here. Was walking around the French Quarter trying to find something familiar(ish), and was super attracted to the ambiance here. Super cute, vibrant French themed restaurant. 
My server, whose name is slipping my mind, was so sweet, and helped me find some great gumbo spots in the city (thank you!). I ordered the moules frites, which was to my liking - I could sip the sauce by the spoonful. 
The cocktails were also interesting. Really well made, and straight to the point.A ton of style but unfortunately not a lot of substance to back it up. We enjoyed our meal and loved the attentive manager, but the food was pretty forgettable bistro fare. I wouldn't tell anyone *not* to eat here, but in a city filled with insanely delicious and diverse food, I would be hard pressed to go back. They are new, so maybe they'll step it up in the coming months. It's a gorgeous space though, so maybe pop in for a drink and some oysters at the bar.The restaurant has a beautiful ambiance and atmosphere. The staff was incredibly welcoming and super nice. They even gave my girlfriend a plate to take home because she has the same name as the Restaurant! Overall, the food was really good and I will definitely be going there everytime I come to New Orleans to visit!The poulet pane (fried chicken $21) shines,   while the French dip ($18) is merely okay. Service is terrific and ambiance is top.The most amazing, delicious, and unique creme brûlée.  It has a different name "honey vanilla pot du creme". It's a must get.
Excellent cocktails.  My husband ordered 3 "silent fizz"
I got the burger.  It was a little dry, but there is a sauce you can dip it in.  I'm just more of a classic ketchup and burger person.
Great atmosphere to chill and chat with friends.Yikes... Burger was so burnt . Ambience is cute , service seems slow. I would recommend tasting things before you bring them out .not sure if it's a training issue with food. Burger King has better tasting burgers.I booked this reservation on Opentable over a month ago on 9/2 for my birthday dinner on 10/10 for 2 specifically requesting a table in the dining area. Once we arrived for our 7pm reservation we waited 20 minutes until the hostess tried to seat us in the cafeteria area and did not acknowledge my birthday. Once we denied that seating, they told us they are only seating large groups in the dining area and proceeded to seat us in front of the kitchen in a booth which minded me of being in a diner. Being that I reserved this reservation over a month in advance and saw smaller groups in the dining area this wasn't accommodating and the service they provided was extremely terrible. Food was OK. The two stars are for our waiter (don't remember his name) who was great and magic mike who came to our table to perform some magic tricks due to our waiter telling him so. There are far more restaurants in New Orleans to celebrate your birthday with excelling service to make a memorable experience. Don't waste your time or money here!A perfect dining experience from start to finish. The place was packed. The two of us had no reservations as I didn't know exactly when my friend and I would be available to dine. The hostess was very sweet and offered a seat at the bar. Just as we received our cocktails (I had an amazing fruit infused martini) the gentleman sitting next to my friend paid and offered me his seat. Having no reservations we were content to eat at the bar. Just then one of the servers, Chris, tapped my friend on the shoulder and said "Follow me." He led us to a long family-style table in front of the kitchen which we had to ourselves. The food was amazing. I had a lobster salad served on bread that was wonderful. I also had the short rib that was fall- off-the - bone tender. (I've also heard the bone marrow is a must.) My friend had the octopus which had a really nice tangy flavor. She also had a perfectly seasoned fish amandine. Chris paired our dishes perfectly with wine suggestions. For dessert we shared the crime brûlée. Perfect ending. Chris was fun and entertaining. But to add to the entertainment were 3 individual burlesque-style fan dancers. The place just exudes fun. The decor is fun and funky. Imagine Vegas meets a 50's strip club on Bourbon St. Justine's has been on my bucket list since it opened. My friend was treating me to a belated 60th birthday dinner. I could not have chosen a better place! PS. I mentioned to Chris what a fun vibe the place had and asked how he liked working there. He said in his 30 years of restaurant work he can finally say that he really enjoys where he works. As a fellow restaurant worker, for a server to offer such accolades speaks volumes!This is an incredible place! I initially went because my name is Justine so of course the restaurant intrigued me. However, this restaurant exceeded my expectations. The decor, music, vibes, staff, service, food were all incredible! My favorite restaurant as of now! I am from out of town and am so sad that I won't be able to come here as often as I'd like. Seriously such an amazing experience.Amazing food, service and atmosphere. 
We all had different menu items and not one of us was disappointed.     
Our server was very informative and an absolute delight! 
Our favorite dinner in New Orleans!Beautiful place with a French flare menu. You will not be disappointed with whatever you order. Although not into desserts I did partake in a few bites and was equally pleased. Its traditional dishes with a new take is the best explanation I have for the style of food.Well well well, while looking for food my mom and I stumbled across this place. I have to say this was EXACTLY what I was looking for in my first NOLA food experience. OMG, the maitre d was to die for and so sweet and our waiter Lee! That's my boy, thank you so much for making our experience so special. Not only was he so sweet and full of wine knowledge (for real ask him!) he made sure to let us know of all the great spots around town. 
Now the food! I'm sorry but I just melted for the food. The ambiance was adorable and chic! I sound like I've never been anywhere before and I'm from Los Angeles. I can't sing the praises of this place enough.Everything about this place was amazing! The service, the food, and the atmosphere. It is a unique take on French style food, that is great for anyone wanting to try something different! This is the second time I eat here, and will def come again!AMAZING EXPERIENCE! Came here for my birthday dinner (haha ‍) and we were a party of 12. From the moment we walked in the door till the second we left we were treated so attentively. Our waitress was fabulous. Enthusiastic service with a smile! Great selection of French wines and the interior of the restaurant was stunning. I had the amandine and it's one of the best I've ever had! My friend got the French onion soup as an appetizer, and I had a taste. It's now one of my favorite French onion soups and I'm definitely getting it on my next visit!
Disclaimer: my review is based on the excellent service all of us had and the quality of my meal personally. However, a couple friends got the steak au poivre and were disappointed as they said there was too much pepper that it overpowered the flavor of the filet mignon. Otherwise no complaints from our large group!I've been dying to go here for a bit now. We finally got a group together and made it after the Saints game. I used to post quite a lot, but just haven't been that thrilled with anything to do so...until yesterday. I love the way it's decorated. Perfect for all those insta-worthy pics!  The wait staff did a good job. The sommelier gave us a great recommendation for a French red wine. We were also given a free tuna app (we ended up ordering another one because it was that damn good)!  We also ordered the octopus ceviche which was okay and the foie gras (yum) and pork belly (also good...I thought a couple bites were a little dry personally). The French onion soup was the star of the show. My husband doesn't even like that kind of soup and said it was delicious!  I had the mussels as my main meal (pretty good). Everyone else at the table enjoyed their entrees more. Multiple saying that it was the beat burger they'd ever had!  The short ribs and duck were enjoyable as well. I thought the duck needed sole sort of glaze or sauce. Way to go!I read a number of bad reviews about this place, especially regarding poor service and cold food. We didn't have any of that when we dined there for the first time for our anniversary. Our waiter was extremely nice and attentive as was the maitre d and the entire staff. The food was very good and came out quickly and hot. And the restaurant was lovely and fun. We shared the onion soup and tuna nicoise salad for starters. The soup was delicious as was the salad. And both were very ample in size. I had a ribeye steak which was perfectly cooked and my wife had the mussels. She liked them alot.
On the other hand on the way out we ran into some friends also eating there that night.  They had a lousy waiter who brought the wrong food twice as well as the wrong bill. And they complained to the maitre d who couldnt have cared less. They  say they will never be back. So who knows?Sorry to say the hype and my excitement didn't match the food: Onion Soup was watery lacking its typical rich base, my entree of Gulf Shrimp en Papilotte consisted of 5 shrimpy shrimp, the Croque Monsieur could have been open faced because the brioche bread was way too thick aka too much bread, and the starter bread rolls were hard. Drinks were solid except for the blue cheese stuffed olives which tasted pre-made from a jar. 
Service lacked guidance not being familiar with having tried most dishes... and I had to get up to ask for a spoon for my Oysters Perseillade. Incidentally, the oysters were seemingly flavorlessly boiled separately before being dumped into the tiny lidded pot which did have a decent sauce/soup requiring the spoon. 
Burlesque was untethered to the loud conversational brasserie vibe and the DJ's music further displaced any attempt at a period-mood. Finally the dancers got awkward looks from some of the female patrons. Place needs time and has potential.The filet-minion was soooo tender and delicious! Service I truly believe should be better. 
A friend ordered the espresso and it was really bad, so don't order expresso. Mashed potatoes were so yummy too.Excellent food, service and ambiance. Everyone was telling us that was the new great place in town so we went in there with high expectations. They were met and then some. Server was Chris, who was obviously tired due to Jazzfest tourism, but worked hard to stay friendly and engaging and did a great job at that. Oysters, Hamburger and Croque Monsieur were all excellent. My wife loved the 80's music that accompanied the amazingly decorated restaurant. You'll have to see it to believe it.Great food! Don't be too alarmed by prices, as portions are good! Opted for a large salad and burger to keep things light before a tour, and paired with Old Rasputin imperial Stout. Definitely recommend for the vibe and cleanliness, and be sure to ask for the front area seating!Watery martini.  Fois gras not so much liver as a stick of butter. Bad burger. Nice Yellowfin.  Nice tarter. Otherwise meh. Don't bother.Let's start with the positive-
Very nice interior and outdoor seating
Negative-
It took around five minutes to be greeted at the door when it wasn't busy.
Waiter was rude and stand-offish from the moment we were seated. 
Food was coldThe food was amazing!  I had beef short ribs and they were cooked and prepared to beyond my expectation.  The old fashion is best in the city.We had drinks and dessert here. Cute atmosphere. They even had a dancer who was dressed in a classy way for being a burlesque style dancer. She just walked around with a large fan. Made me feel like I was in an old movie from the 1960's. Unfortunately, both the drinks and dessert were disappointing so we don't plan on going back.My friend had Justine on his short-list of restaurants we wanted to check out while in NOLA. We ended up sitting down for dinner there on a Monday night, with the restaurant about 1/2 full. The hostesses (there were two) were not particularly warm or welcoming when we walked in and asked for a table of five. Admittedly we were not as nicely dressed as some other patrons, but the tone was both off-putting and condescending considering that the restaurant was not anywhere near capacity. We were sat in the back dining area only to see other patrons dressed similarly casual. Our waitress however was extremely relaxed and helpful. She made some great suggestions for the drinks menu, and was attentive the entire time. We all ordered the Justine burger, and two dozen oysters for the table. Both were absolutely delicious. The burger was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the oysters were big and fresh. The dining experience itself was wonderful, once we got past the hostesses. Worth checking out for the Justine burger and some great cocktails.Amazing service (shout out to Thomas), great food, cocktails and great atmosphere! A BIG fan of this restaurant group. The Foie Gras with poached Pear is a must!! Looking forward to our next visitThis place sadly deserves a lower star rating than 1 star. I waited an hour for a $28 bland and cold short rib and when I got it I wasn't even hungry anymore. This restaurant is the perfect example of entrepreneurs thinking the architecture and interior design is the only priority and not the food and that's why this restaurant was the worst food I had in New Orleans, we just wanted to eat fast and leave. There's many amazing restaurants in the French Quarter and this is not one of them.It's rare that I wish for a 6th star, a place like this is really that special. Was a perfect night, exactly as you would expect from a fine dining restaurant. I have never had a steak that was cooked better unbelievably tender and the portions are huge. My wife ordered the mussels and couldn't finish them, a first. Everything was top notch, food, atmosphere and service!Kind of mediocre tasting for the price. I'm not sure what was up with the mustached hipster DJs at 6 p.m.There's no better party around than the French Quarter during carnival.  Drinks are endless; music and parties appear spontaneously;  eating is almost a chore, a sad obligation to take you away from the bright raging mess going down at all times and in every direction.  
 I had a few hits of Lemon Kush before dipping into Justine the Sunday before Mardi Gras.  Usually, in my state, I would've been a bit self conscious approaching the host stand of such a brightly lit restaurant.  But she was working a service during Mardi Gras, I figured, and had surely seen worse.  
 Justine is broken into a few different sections.  Walking in, you pass through the patio, where randoms off the street and likewise unqualified persons are seated.  The main room is for our average, more respectable guest spending $50-$80 a head, and the more sophisticated dining room in the back feels like a refuge for people who want to take the meal seriously.  All of this makes sense, but it would be nice if the restaurant weren't so obvious about it.  I had a reservation, and still had to negotiate with the hostess to not sit next to some drunk idiots on the patio.  She obliged with a knowing smile and seated me in general population instead. 
 Cocktails were nice; thoughtfully crafted and hand delivered by either the bartender or the captain or some other such well dressed individual who was not our server.  I don't generally like meeting people while high but this was a nice touch.  
 Our server tolerated my stupid menu questions with a smile, and then recommended a few items:  Oysters En Perseillade, Gulf Fish Amandine, Onion Soup Gratinee.  I briefly lost track of time, and spiraled into a debate with myself over why the kitchen declined to call it French Onion Soup.  Did they want to spice things up?  Maybe they thought it was repetitive to call put a "French" prefix on a dish being served in the French Quarter?  Whatever.  All of those would do and thank you, patient server.  
 The Gulf Fish was not what I'd hoped for.  It was good, but only had a notes of flavor going for it.  I expect all $30 seafood entrees in New Orleans to be mind blowing and this didn't hit the marks.  A misorder for sure.  The Soup was cozy and easy to love, I worked through it slowly, deliciously.  It was so rich I almost couldn't finish it.  The Oysters were some of the best I've ever had.  My mind was so thoroughly blown I debated doubling down.  They tasted how I imagined the best escargot in the world might.  Bravo.  (For the record, this is not the sequence I received the food.)
 Justine is a nice addition to the French Quarter (as far as this tourist is concerned).  The food and atmosphere are refined enough for an important meal, and casual to the point that the likes of me could make it through unscathed.  There are plenty of famously important places to eat in New Orleans, and Justine is in the cards.I loved the interior of this restaurant as well as the ambiance.  We had reservations and our table was a good one.
We had onion soup $14, Bone Marrow $13, Justine Burger $18, Duck Confit $28 along with wine.   Nothing stood out, the burger was the biggest disappointment, especially for the price.  Our server was new and forgot one of the dishes and dirty plates were slow to clear.   This is a newer restaurant so maybe we will try again later in the year.  It was A-Ok though.  Maybe better for a drink at the bar.Absolutely one of the most wonderful meals I've had. The atmosphere is chic without being over the top. There is a DJ that's keeps the mood right. So many little things I can't describe that make this a great place to enjoy a unique dinner. As for that, I had the Morrocan short rib dish which was amazing. Fall off the bone with such flavor. I'm challenged to find a better meal for the three days I'm here. Thank you Justine's for an amazing dinner experience.Wow! This is an amazing restaurant! Order the Tuna appetizer and the Moroccan Short Rib. It's enough for one person, and the portions are a good size along with the sides. The restaurant is beautiful, and the service is incredible. We are travelers, and the waiters gave us recommendations for nearby restaurants and attractions. Incredible food, staff, and design, I would recommend Justine to anyone.We walked in at 910. Seated fast and so far great service. We ordered drinks and dinner no problem. Appetizers came and there was no issue. Everything great. Fastest forward to 1117. Just got food. Too mad and over dinner. Short rib cold along with potatoes. Prime rib so so. Asked for manger. We did not eat our dinner and he was there in 5 min. He removed dinners. Charged for everything else. Big Saturday night in Nola wasted away while we could have have good service and good food at so many other places. Including one of Justin's other restaurants.  $75 for tomatoes and soup and 3 drinks. No dinner. It's not the money. It's the time wasted on a 2 day trip to Nola. Also, this was our 2nd bad experience here. Time to post a review. Bad reviews are not my norm.We had SUCH an amazing dinner here. The fried chicken dinner was so perfect with the remoulade and frisée. The drinks were cute and that whipped butter for the bread, oh my god. We were only in town for 48 hours and almost came here to get the entire same meal again after having it on the first night. 
Plus - super cute and Instagram worthy decor lol.Saw the negative reviews and decided to give it a try anyway. So glad we did! Drinks were spot on!! Ordered escargot for appetizer and it was amazing!!! I've been to France and had it there, this one was delicious. A manager came to our table to see how we liked it since they had just changed up the recipe. Loved it!! Had the shrimp dish which was awesome and my husband had the short ribs. Not one complaint!! The atmosphere is very authentic French. We were even seated by the open doors facing the street! We only had 10 minutes left before our concert but our waiter was so kind in getting our dessert out quickly and getting our check to us so we could jet out. Don't think twice, just go. You'll be glad you did.Came late night around 2300 very laid back vibe a middle aged to older white crowd.I sat at the bar service was impeccable very attentive and concerned about if the meal was to my liking had the oysters poached in lemon butter as a appetizer .I'm used to grilled, fried , and smoked but poached gave the shellfish a delicate mouthfeel .I didn't care for the it for some reason but I finished the small Dutch oven dish .The butter was good dipping sauce for my bread The duck confite was my meal it was good .I have had better though. Overall enjoyed dining at JustineThis place was so cute! I loved the vibe and decor of the restaurant. We missed brunch and we're upset at first, but the lunch was sooo good! The menu overall has French influence. 
The French onion soup is a must. The fried chicken with the salad on top was also really delicious. Our waiter was amazing as well! Would definitely recommend for someone who wants to grab lunch or brunch in NO. Pricing was reasonable as well.Robie was the best! Great friendly service and the best burger I have ever eaten. Everything was delicious. Could not have been more satisfied. Beautiful restaurant!