It seems to me that whenever we have out of towner guests, our go to place is consistently Katie's. The variety of food wonderfully prepared is 2nd to none. Reasonably priced and delicious, Katie's never disappoints. Whether you choose the grilled ersters, the shrimp and grits, the Cuban sandwich, pizza, or soup & salad you will be very pleased and have a great meal. Daily specials hi-lite local seasonal offerings that keep things fresh. The service staff are warm and friendly. On Sunday's, you will want to time your arrival before church let's out or you will have a bit of a wait. That said, you can always manage while enjoying bottomless Mimosas!OMG! Breakfast pizza and bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. Is there anything better in this world? Even got a handshake on the way out the door. Service like that seems scarce these daysKatie's is a neighborhood restaurant that has existed in one form or another for a few generation.  It's classic New Orleans fare with an Italian-American slant.  Great meatballs.  You'll see all types of classic New Orleans old people dinging before 8pm.   You won't be disappointed if your expectations aren't too high.The food was amazing!! We tried a little bit of everything. Had the crawfish beignet, seafood stuffed mushrooms, crab cakes, crab cake po boy and seafood flatbread. Everything we had was delicious!The food is always excellent.  However, it is very difficult to hold a normal conversation due to the abnormally loud interiors. Please please add some acoustic treatments to this space so we can enjoy the tasty food without a throbbing headache.An absolute gem. We were determined to hit a Diners, Drive-ins and Dives restaurant in New Orleans, and boy did we pick the right place. Excellent food, fun atmosphere and an overall great experience. I had the kalamata muffuletta and it was insanely good. A little bit out of the way and totally unassuming from the outside, but don't let that deter you. Highly recommend.Came here for dinner with local and out of town friends. Service was great and food was even better! I had the chargrilled oysters, seafood beignet, and blackberry jalapeño ribs. Washed it all down with a couple of Abita grapefruit. Highly recommend the seafood beignet!The food is excellent and the service was awesome, and Scot the Executive Chef and Proprietor makes you feel like you are part of the family. I got the grilled oyster and shrimp po'boy, and I asked for the Tabasco mayo. And if you like libations, the Old Fashion is definitely a good choice! Featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and DivesKatie's has been a frequent stop for me when in New Orleans but usually for lunch or late night eating.  This morning, my wife and I were leaving to go home and decided on brunch.  I ordered the steak and eggs.  It comes with a side and fruit salad.  The steak was about a 6 oz. ribeye which I ordered medium-rare with eggs over-easy.  Service was excellent and our meal was delivered promptly despite the fact that the restaurant and bar were at full capacity.  Biting into the steak I was amazed.  It was char-grilled to perfection, tender and sooo flavorful.  Completely unlike most breakfast steaks you get.  I daresay this steak was better than many I've had at high-end chop houses!  The eggs were perfect.  While the hashbrowns were OK, I am not a fan.  They were quartered new potatoes with a batter that was sugared.  Hashbrowns shouldn't be sweet!  Overall a tremendous experience gastronomically.  Katie's usually has a lot of specialty dishes off the menu (Check the chalkboards at the doorways), but if you're there for breakfast/brunch - get the steak & eggs!The exceptional customer service I received even before I was in town made this place worthwhile. As a visitor, I reached out on Facebook asking if they could make a reservation for two for brunch. I don't believe they normally make reservations, but they were very kind and willing. As soon as we arrived, they had our seat ready and they were expecting us.
Our meals were tasty, I had the Chicken or the Egg special, and loved the $15 bottomless drinks, which you could switch out between a bloody mary, mimosa and sangria for no extra cost. Our waitress was very friendly.
To top it all off, the owner/head chef visited our table as he knew we were "the people from Facebook." He thanked us for our business, chatted with us about our hometown for a while and gave us his business card with personal cell phone number for us to call if we needed anything while we were in town! Talk about friendly!My first impression of the menu was that it was a little on the pricey side for what is served.  As I looked around, I noticed that they do have daily specials that are pretty reasonable.  
I had the fried crawfish salad and "el hubs" had the Boudreaux Pizza.  Both were pretty good.  There are several  things I would like to come back to try, like "the barge, " which is enough fried seafood for 2 people!!!
I will make sure to visit again and try their all you can eat catfish on Tuesdays, too!!!Bottomless mimosas, sangrias,  and bloody Mary's for $15 at Sunday Brunch. Expect a wait. The crawfish beignet was delicious... flaky bread stuffed with crawfish and cheese, topped with jalapeño aioli. Yum.If you ever want brunch on the weekends, then this is the destination. The dishes are so cultural and succulent. I always get the eggs benedict, but the chicken and waffles are also top notch. I would give it a 5 star, but I haven't ate anything on the lunch or dinner menu. However, their brunch is definitely 5 stars.I wish I'd checked into this place to prove my attendance, but I submitted a picture of the ribs because they were THE bomb.
I'm from Texas. And I know ribs, even the pork variety we aren't known for. I've judged competitive BBQ. I know my ribs. These are the best dang ribs I've EVER eaten. Dry rub, oak-smoked, with a raspberry/jalapeño glaze, tender, meaty. I would travel again, just to eat them again. (Very good grilled oysters, too.) Not a bad plate in the house, I suspect.Fantastic grilled oysters to start. Muffeletta was good. White chocolate bread pudding was amazing.  Service was very good.  I disliked my blackberry basil margarita, it was not good at all. I told the staff, but they didn't take it away or off the tab :(Original menu and great place to meet up. FYI the crawfish beignets are great but it's not an actual beignet stuffed with crawfish like you would image (Like La Petite Grocery does with crab meat) still good though.This place is really amazing! Its definitely a hidden gem away from the major city streets that deserves 5 stars and more! Go for brunch- the bloody Mary is so tasty and by itself is worth the trip. We tried the Andouille and Cheese Grits, Crabby Eggs, Crawfish Beignet and Lemon Ricotta Pancakes all of which were so good but the Crawfish Beignet and Lemon Ricotta Pancakes changed my breakfast food standards forever!Food was a bit bland. I didn't feel the taste was worth all the calories I knew I was consuming.This is a great neighborhood spot. They have a great bar with a good spread of bourbons. More importantly the crawfish beignet is a must. That dish was on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. It was the tastiest thing I had during my trip in NOLA so far. There was a healthy amount of crawfish in it as well as good sauce and cheese. Although it had jalapeños, it wasn't too spicy. As far as the entree, it was ok. I had the Redfish NOLA. I liked the reddish, I liked the shrimp, and there was a nice amount of crab meat. However, it lacked a good carb (there was like 1 little red potato) and I would have liked a sauce. So although it tasted fine, it wasn't memorable.Katie's is a must for those seeking New Orleans contemporary classics.
The poboy list was astounding, and great contemporary takes on such things as 'Oysters Rockefeller'.
The chicken andouille sausage gumbo was fair. I've had better at various other establishments. A lack of rice, a lack of "trinity" (seasoning) and sparse nuggets of andouille and chicken were certainly a disappointment. The roux was the perfect darkness, but it lacked body and substance. I wouldn't have it again, and I don't recommend anyone try it, especially if you have had a good gumbo. It will fail to please.
The red beans and sausage were awesome. Creamy, with a great mouth-feel, superbly seasoned, the red beans may be the best I've had -- and I've been frequenting New Orleans restaurants for over three decades. The sausage was a great example of a good smoked sausage with a hint of piquant, crispy on the outside, and moist and tender on the inside. Now, the rice... why is it something so simple could ruin an otherwise perfect meal? First, red beans (unless you're serving soup) is traditionally served with rice. Rice should be fluffy, warm, and moist. This was obviously left in a steam pan with no lid. It was dry, hard, brittle, and inedible. Why even serve the stuff? Rice is cheap, make another batch, don't serve something you wouldn't stand behind!
The service was absolutely terrible. I had to wait to get a drink order (7 minutes, I timed it). I had to wait to get my drink (8 minutes, timed again). My food order was taken by another waiter who saw I had not been served, and by the look on his face, felt sorry for me. My waiter did not check on my food service until after I had finished my meal -- fortunately, the owner did check on me. I even had to wait to pay my bill -- which to me, if someone is looking to pay and leave, and you're in the business to generate revenue -- it's important to make sure they have the bill and make a timely payment.
After all the negative reviews, why would I give Katie's such a high rating? Well, I will tell you. A) The Food. B) the atmosphere C) I'm not going to let a worthless server ruin a good establishment D) the owner took an interest in my experience.
Try Katie's for yourself. If you have as bad of a serving experience as I had, inform the owner. I did not, and I regret it.I LOVE Katies.   This is a neighborhood locals place with a serious chef and a great menu.  I've been there at least 6 times.    Definitely have the grilled oysters.   The veal with a marsala cream sauce over pasta is one of my faves.  You can create your own pasta ingredients and there have to be 15 or 20 choices.   The po boys are great too.   The same goes for the pizza.  I'm from Chicago and I'm a snob on pizza.  This is the best pizza in NOLA.  The ingredients are super fresh in everything that they make.  It's a great sauce, quality cheese, etc.   They were the only place where I had a pizza that was perfect.   I had sausage, shrimp, and red peppers on my pizzas.   Pizza in the south generally has a doughy crust.  In Chicago, the only pizza you'll get like that is a $5 pizza pizza or pizza hut.    Katie's was the only place where I got a great pizza with a crispy thin crust.   It was the only pizza that stood up to my faves at home.   If it's nice, sit at the 10 or so tables outside.  After a few visits, they welcomed me and my dog as family.   Say hi to Murphy, he took great care of me.Best veggie Muffaletta. Eggplant fries were amazing. Table service was fine. Hostess stand was fickle and it wasn't Mary. There were two four-tops, but they refused to seat us because we were three.Yay for local flavors :) warning: do not come here to eat if you're on a diet haha...
Maybe it's just me, but Groupon is probably my (2nd) main source of how to decide which places to try.  Katie's is a neighborhood place, and everyone's super friendly. There's plenty of street parking, so no worries about parking meters or anything.
The food was yum! What we had:
-Crawfish beignet: spicy with a hint of sweet, creamy (cause of the cheese), all highlighting the crawfish goodness :) I liked the marriage of flavors.
-Atchafalaya pizza: topped with seafood goodies :) the crust was super thin and overall delish! the grilled garlic adds a very nice touch (I LOVE garlic).
-Fried green tomato and shrimp poor boy: I'm sorry New Orleans, but after trying different poor boys from different places, I decided that I just don't like poor boys in general :(... so my opinion for this one would be very biased...
Maybe it's cause at dinner time I eat really healthy most of the time (fish, or veggies, and fruits only), but I ended up with a huge tummy ache :( though I enjoyed my time here, I hate having an upset stomach after eating... or maybe it's cause I'm slightly lactose intolerant -.- oh why do I do this to myself?I've been to Katie's on quite a few occasions, and overtime the food was absolutely delicious, but when I decided to go there for brunch for my birthday.. I was not happy with my experience. First off, I decided on Katie's because I was told they had bottomless mimosas. When I arrived, I had to seat at the bar until my entire party arrived.. there were about 6 of us. I asked the bartender if I could do the bottomless mimosa's, but she said you could only do that when you are seated at a table... FINE, I understand. When the sixth member of our party FINALLY got there and after our table was given away about 3 times, we were finally able to sit, which is when i realized that the people at the bar were drinking out of the bottomless glasses.. So after spending $20 over the price of the bottomless, since I was buying by the glass.. I wasn't happy. But what really set me over the edge was the absolutely RUDE red headed woman. A girl I was with got her steak that was suppose to be cooked RARE anti  was medium well. When we told the woman about the steak ordeal she actually said "that's our rare"...... As if there is not a universal cooking scale when it comes meat. No restaurant has a different version of R MR M MW WD.. ITS ALL THE SAME. I've been back since and she is rude every time... Katie's, she's gotta go!Ready to fall in love? Want your little broken heart to be mended? 2 words...Seafood beignet  See below for your directions to bliss: 
Tucked in a little adorable neighborhood in New Orleans we stumbled upon this hip little joint called Katie's! While we had heard it was the best place to eat in town we weren't convinced until....you guessed it, we took that first delicious bite of their famous seafood beignet stuffed with crawfish, shrimp, crabmeat, onions, cheese, jalapeños,mozzarella and topped with a jalapeño aioli....a religious experience to say the least  
As an appetizer we were convinced that it couldn't get any better than that and then...BAM  The Bordeaux was delivered...A pizza topped with Cochon de lait, roasted garlic, spinach, red onions, scallions and a garlic butter cream reduction...We were left speechless by the unmatched flavor, the perfection of the dough, the Cochon literally melted in our mouths...
Perhaps one of the most delightful culinary experiences I've had in quite some time! I'll let you be the judge! ‍Some of the best eats I've ever had !!
The Crawfish Beignets and Crab Cakes are worth making the trip to New Orleans alone. Certainly a stop I'll make any time I'm in the area, and highly recommend you do the same !While on vacation during Mardi Gras my friends and I ate here twice!! The people were super nice and the food was delish!! Definitely a must when going through New Orleans!!One out of three dishes was good. I ordered what was highlighted on Guy's show. The chargrilled oysters were fine. The pizza and the crawfish beignets looked like they should be amazingly delicious, but that fake white American-tasting cheese ruined it for me. End of story.Our property manager recommended Katie's amd we're glad he did. Seafood ravioli was excellent. This place was quaint, the food was really good, but it was LOUD in the upstairs dining room.Where do I begin? Katie's is my go to place for any occasion. I could go on for days about their Cochon de lait. The poboy and the Boudreaux pizza are some of the best I've ever had!! On Thursdays, it's half off wine and pizza for happy hour! Get: the crawfish beignets, garlic feta fries, eggplant fries, fried green tomatoes and oysters of any kind! For poboys, obviously the Cochon de lait, the St. Louie, the meatball and the Cuban. The burgers are great and the seafood platters is legit. Is huge, so be prepared to share! The bar is great for watching a local sports game, but I wish it was bigger. It's one of those loud, fun atmospheres with a patio and an upstairs dining area that is huge!!! Great for a couple or a large group. Seriously, I love this place!This restaurant is a great addition to New Orleans. The food is delicious, the portions are good. We came in right before close and were seated without issue. I would go again.Fantastic brunch!!! Bottomless mimosas, sangria, and bloody mary's don't hurt either! I am not an oyster person, but I know the chargrilled (or charbroiled, I can't remember) are very very good. None of the food at the table disappointed!GREAT PIZZA!!! Super good place to take Vegetarians! 
Awesome location in Mid City, right off Canal .Not super big, comes across as a neighborhood joint for sure. 
My waiter was great, and super attentive. But the Pizza was Superb. I got an eggplant pizza that was the perfect size for two people. I got it by my lonesome and had to eat it all in one sitting.   
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was great. I got a crab and corn bisque that was more like a corn chowder, but still very delightful. I highly recommend this place, great place if you have family in town!!We had not been to Katie's since the flood and boy am I glad we went back!  The chargrilled oysters are - I'm not kidding - better than Drago's!
The St. Louie is a hot poyboy with fried oysters, bacon, and melted provolone.  It's heavenly!
The Cajun Cuban is a ham. swiss, and cochon de lait take on the classic Cuban.  Mine was a bit greasy and could have stood some Crystal Hot Sauce to cut that a bit but it was pretty good.  The fries were crispy and very good.  The onion rings were not quite great but not bad.
It's an easy-going atmosphere and a nice place to be leisurely.  They're down-home folks.
Highly recommended by me, my wife, and my heart surgeon...A nice brunch spot with traditional NOLA foods. Be prepared to wait if you're going during a busy time.You must check this place out!! 
OYSTERS SLESSINGER!!!! Just wow! You cannot go to Katies without having these oysters. One dozen is a full meal, because they have bacon, shrimp and spinach. It is just an amazing combination.
The crawfish beignet has the perfect amount of cheese and jalapenos peppers, but be aware that it has a mayo-based sauce on top (not my favorite). You can order the sauce on the side though. If you are looking for a po-boy and you like pork and shrimp, try "the legend", you won't be dessapointed.
Everything is good in this place, even the meatball spaguettis my nephew had were good. 
$15 bottomless mimosas and sangrias during brunch!!Really good food!! Guy Ferrari ate there and that's what prompted me to go and thank you Guy!!! I was not disappointed. Side note this place has THE best looking waitresses and bartenders...I'm looking at you Tyler ;) ;) ;)Yummmm! I had a person recommend this place before we went to New Orleans after Christmas and since we had a car we thought we'd try it. We shared the chrabroiled oysters (amazing) and cheesy bread (good). My husband had the blackberry jalapeno ribs (spicy and to die for!) and I had an oyster po boy (good). I would definitely recommend this place to others!We stopped in for lunch. We started with the Crawfish Beignet, which is really not so much a Beignet, but excellent none the less. I had a Cajun Cuban with red beans and rice. The Cuban was OK, but far from the best I have had, and the red beans and rice were pretty good also, but not great. My wife had the Drum Crab Stacker which was really quite good. It was drum fish (which was very good), stacked with fried green tomato and a crawfish sauce. Service was great, and lots of great sounding items on the menu in a cozy atmosphere. Really liked it and will be back when in NOLA.Love love love everything they make. There always so busy and still are able to give awesome service. When I'm Nola I always have to stop by the burgers are k. The pizza are great but my favorite is crawfish beignet @ brunch with the bottomless sangrias.Great atmosphere, usually good service, and a nice bar, but the food here (from the seafood to the pizzas) has never really clicked for me.
Each time I get drug here by a friend, I'm always trying something new, because I've never enjoyed what I had last time.Chargrilled Oysters is all I have to say. Wish we had places in Houston that can cook up a batch like these!
Katie's isn't far from the French Quarter where we stayed so that was nice. Luckily we were able to get parking right by the restaurant. We got there around 11:30 and got the last table before they went on a wait.
The service was friendly and fast. The food was delicious and hearty!! Between the 3 of us, we ordered the half dozen of chargrilled oysters. Big mistake. Should have gone for the full dozen it was that good. For entree we ordered the crabcake poboy with fried shrimp and the fried green tomato with shrimp poboy. The poboys were sooooo good especially the crabcake poboy. The bread, the filling, the condiment all worked great together to make for a stellar sandwich. 
Great spot for lunch!!AMAZING FOOD. We ordered the shrimp po boy, crawfish beignet, the Remy stack, and an order of their fries with cheese (don't remember the actual name). 
All of it was delicious but the best were crawfish beignet and remy stack.
The crawfish beignet reminded me more of a calzone than a beignet. If you're worried about the jalapeño aioli, it's not ridiculously spicy. (I can't handle too much spicy) The dish was filled with cheese and crawfish. All of it together made for a delicious bite.The first time I came here was for a birthday dinner and it's become a favorite ever since.  I love getting Jenny's garlic feta fries because the fries are perfectly crispy and buttery. I also love the feta cheese on the fries, and who doesn't love a dish named after a girl named Jenny?! Hehe. There was some leftover feta cheese that I saved to put on the pizza we ordered. . . A little ghetto but whatever! I love my feta!
The chargrilled oysters are also a must-have! Not too oily, greasy, or cheesy; the flavor is just perfect! This may be the best chargrilled oysters I've had compared to other places I've been (Dragos, parrains).
I think I also ate the atchafalaya pizza? I remember it being very seafoody and a bit spicy. I liked the pizza but also felt like there was too much going on with all the toppings.
I've also been to brunch here (only Sundays) which seems to always be packed! The wait was like an hour but it was worth it. I got some sort of omelette that I thought was okay. It was so huge though! The portions for brunch are pretty big. My best friend had a platter that came with a pancake and I had a piece of that pancake and it was basically the best piece of pancake I ever had, no syrup needed!
Last time, I checked in during happy hour and got 10% off of an appetizer, so don't forget to do that (if the deal still exists)!
Overall my experience at Katie's has always been great. I love the cute atmosphere and the service.My girlfriend, roommate, and I came here this past Sunday for brunch.  I'd been here a couple times before for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed it, but never for their legendary brunch.  We sat outside to enjoy the beautiful morning and brunch did not disappoint!
My girlfriend ordered biscuits and gravy, and thoroughly enjoyed them, as did I (the two bites I had).  My roommate had the fried oyster and bacon benedict, which he felt was heaven.  And I devoured my barbecue shrimp and grits like there was no tomorrow.  Everything was cooked excellently and tasted divine.  We also had a cheese and debris fries for the table, where the only disappointment of the meal was had in the lack of actual debris - it was just cheese and gravy.
The prices were reasonable and the service was fantastic as always.
Katie's remains one of my favorites in NOLA.Picked Katie's from a list created from research on NO restaurants.  Glad we did. First off, the lady at the door greeted us with a friendly smile.  we asked if a table for two was available.  she asked if we wanted upstairs which would be more quiet but we opted for the first floor as we wanted the complete experience.
we were shown to our table and were attended to immediately.  our waiter, Stephen, was friendly and helpful with our menu questions.  we started with onion rings (hot and crisp) and a cup of gumbo (Hubs said it was really good). we opted to share a shrimp and oyster platter. He at the shrimp; I had the oysters.  Shrimp was good but the winner for me were the oysters. These were obviously fresh as they were sweet and briny.....a perfect combination.
Definitely recommend a visit.We were in NO on vacay.  This was the best meal we had!  Scallops, shrimp po boy, chicken parm and meatballs were all outstanding.  Everyone from host to bartenders to the security guy could not have been more friendly and helpful. Awesome job chefs. If we lived here we'd be back all the time.This is one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA!  I come here Everytime I'm in town.  Such sweet people who work here and incredible food!  Best charbroiled oysters I've ever had!  Also on that list are the frog legs.  They don't take reservations but were able to seat our large group of 15 w/o any issues.  Thank you Katie's for always being a culinary highlight to my NOLA trips!Went there a few years ago for the first time.  Visited last week. Still a good as ever!This a really cool local spot with great food. The crawfish beignet was excellent! I didn't really like the pizza. You can build your own pizza. But it was the crust that I didn't like. The waitress was very nice. 
Another visit to Katie's:
This is one of my favorite places to get a roast beef po-boy. Everything about it is so good. The tender roast beef, the delicious gravy & the soft french bread. Side note... I love how Ms. Katie reads the reviews on here!! I was very impressed to see she had commented on my first review. It shows that she cares about her business & customers. Great customer service always wins me over. Thanks Ms. Katie:)I very rarely give 5 stars but I have to because of the food!! Guy Fieti agrees, he has been there and raves about it. I have to start with the chargrilled oyster, I've tried them at several different places this place by far has the best! Second the blueberry ribs! Yes I know your saying blueberries and ribs!?! Well guess what it is awesome!!! They are spot on. Then we tried the Cuban it is very good and huge onion rings. We also had sweet potato fries with a hot pepper sauce and I think I ate the whole plate, even though I was supposed to split with my bride. Tried my daughters hamburger and I think they used same flame as oysters. It was delicious! Crispy on outside, charbroiled and pink on the inside! This has to be in your top five places to go in NOLA!!!! Service was very good and friendly as well! Did not have to wait to long to sit and or get our food and drinks! Loved it!!This is my "go to" place for entertaining out of town guests. Katie's never disappoints with thier food, drinks, and service. It's a little off the beaten path but the neighborhood restaurant is one of NOLA's best kept secrets for local dining.If feels tinier than it actually is when you're walking in.  The first floor is still a decent size and the 2nd level is fairly spacious.  If you're with family/kids... go upstairs.  Somehow this place pulls off having sports playing and giving a sort of delicate vibe at the same time.  I would say tonight (Saturday at 7pm) is packed, but it shouldn't take as long as it has to bring our first drink order, although the waters came out unprompted, which is good.  Our server "Q" is very personable and clearly enjoys his job.  He joked when time was a bit spare which, to me, shows patience and he instinctively spoke louder when the crowded room's noise level picked up.  I doubt an ounce of complaints come his way.  The wine list is intriguing and subtle.  We figured the mushroom soup to be perfect...along with the oyster app.  The Eggplant fries were over-cooked, however slightly.  Now to the main courses.....I will throw out everything I know to be true about vegetables... THIS KITCHEN IS DOING IT RIGHT!  I ordered the veggie extravaganza and the veggies were grilled TO PERFECTION.  None of the dishes our party ordered had a negative review.  Not. A. Single. One.  If you can get here outside of a packed house (and given their level of attention to detail with the food--i can't tell you when that is) PLEASE DO MAKE A VISIT TO THIS PLACE.  Absolutely amazing!!!Great experience to lighten up a cold-rainy day in New Orleans. 
We came in on a Saturday afternoon and were seated in less than 5 minutes. Our server was kind and attentive and the waitstaff were accommodating. 
I ordered the crawfish beignet with jalapeno aoili and a side caesar salad. The beignet was hot oozing with gooey cheese and warmed up my day. To drink decided to mix things up with an adult Arnold Palmer. I asked for regular jack instead of vodka but to my surprise, honey jack was added which made it my new favorite drink. 
The establishment itself has a pretty cozy fit which mainly allows for smaller parties in the front. I did not make it upstairs but there is upstairs seating. 
All in all this hidden gem is a great place to experience what New Orleans has to offer.Rushed service.  Crawfish beignet was not a beignet at all but a cheese calzone with some fishy crawfish in it. 
The grits were really tasty.  The baked oysters are incredibly delicious.  Lots of garlic and butter.  Wish the bread was better. It tasted like a cheap grocery store baguette.We just had our wedding rehearsal dinner here and everything was phenomenal! The food, drinks, and the service were all top notch! So if you are looking for a place to accommodate your entire wedding party this is the place! Highly recommended! I'll be craving that cochon beignet for a long time!!We were told the wait would be 30 mins for brunch, so we decided to wait rather than move on to a different restaurant. But then they kept us waiting close to 2 hours without an apology or explanation. So much for southern hospitality.
Once we finally got a table, I was at least looking forward to some good food, but the menu was a bit hit or miss. The coffee tasted like instant coffee. My friend got a crawfish meal, which was good. But my eggs were a bit underwhelming, and the "steak" in the steak and eggs my friend ordered was basically a bland hamburger patty. The place had some good moments, including a friendly waiter, but the bad parts far outweighed the good for us. Seems like the only pull is their bottomless drink offer, but overall it was an underwhelming and disappointing $50 meal after a 2 hour wait.We discovered this gem of a neighborhood restaurant quite by accident. The service was friendly, welcoming and efficient. The fried oysters are tender and tasty--no grease. There is a great selection of po boys,  and the white chocolate bread pudding is more than ample.My friend and I enjoyed our late lunch.  The food was good.  I'll be back soon for brunch.Really delicious food and pretty quick service considering the wait to sit was an hour. Don't worry about the wait though, for $15 you can get bottomless mimosa's or bloody Mary's while you sit outside before you get your table. Chicken and waffles and Katherine's Po Boy are the only things I tried but it's definitely a place I'll go back to next time I'm in town.DELICIOUS! I heard about Katie's on Diners, Drive-Ins  & Dives a while back. My husband and I thought we'd try it while honeymooning in NOLA. SO glad we did! We had 2 half salads, 1 Scottie's Special with fries, and 1 Hot Roast Beef and Gravy with fries. All I can say is YUM!!!
If you can't find a parking spot on the street- which we couldn't- there is a parking lot just for Katie's patrons on Telemach St in between Iberville St and Bienville St!We always go here for lunch on the weekends.  The food is always great and I love a well crafted cocktail so it's always a win with us.  I had some kind of blackberry margarita the last time I was there and it was ridiculously amazing!!This place was delicious! I ordered the Alfredo with fried chicken on top. Delicious!! The fried chicken had so much flavor. My fiancé got the redfish & he also enjoyed that very much.Went for Sunday brunch and have to say the wait wasn't too bad. I had the shrimp and grits with sausage and cheese grits. The grits were perfectly creamy, and cheesy, the sausage made a great addition (it's a premium upgrade). I tried a rum milk punch for the first time and have to say the combination was refreshing, and the nutmeg added a great spice to this southerly charming drink. Sadiki was an amazing server, very prompt and had great suggestions regarding the menu. Can't wait to come back and try lunch and dinner .I was in New Orleans for the French Quarter Festival. Took the Canal street car to Katie's. The roasted oysters served with slices of baguette was amazing. This was followed by a delicious fried green tomatoes and shrimp poboy. Sunday bottomless bloody Marys helped as well. Spent the rest of the day at Le Booze.The cochon beignet was FANTASTIC!!! Service was top notch. I definitely recommend.  I wish they had a location closer to me.So the crawfish beignet is the best appetizer I've had in Nola.  Life changing even.  I had the Shrimp fettuccine alfredo with veal and scallops.  The alfredo sauce was perfect, not to heavy but still delicious.  Also had bread pudding and cheesecake which I both highly recommend. New favorite spot!Plenty of options to choose from! Has unique foods from crawfish beignets to build your own pastas to pizzas and poboys. My friends and I had to look at the menu for about ten minutes before knowing what we wanted. Ordered the crawfish beignet which was really delicious. I had the catfish which was okay. My friends had the shrimp pizza and a roast beef poboy which looked tasty. Had a good time here, would definitely go back if I'm ever in the area.Yikes! Defiantly a miss for us tonight from start to finish. The stuffed mushrooms had a very odd flavor. We didn't eat them because it tasted chemical, not natural. The server said they pour white wine over them. I don't think so. The four of us each got a different entree and none of us finished ours. The portions were huge but very low quality. The poboy was watery and ended up a flavorless mess. The pizza had a very thin, burned crust with too much cheap cheese and not enough real toppings. The muffalatta was so much bread it was hard to find the meager filling inside. Maybe it's good sometimes, but not tonight.This is one of those reviews where I wish I could give an extra half star. The oysters were great and the fish special of the night was good. The dessert was good but it was not made in house just FYI. The service was good. I got the pizza to go once and it was delicious. I really don't have too many complaints other than the place just being kind of a head ache to get to. Parking is not easy and it is so so packed inside. I actually like waiting for a table if there is a comfortable bar to relax in but you can barely order a drink with the amount of people shoved into the building. Katie's is a good restaurant but not totally worth the hassle with so many options in New Orleans. We ordered a dessert to go and they charged us extra and did not include the whipped cream and berries that came with it when ordered to dine in. It rubbed us the wrong way after the bill being much higher than we expected. If I was in the area during non peak hours I would go back for a sandwich or pizza but I would not go back for dinner looking for a nice entree.Katies has lots of great items to choose from.  I'd give it a 5 if they took reservations.  Thats truly the only bad thing about the place.oh my gosh...I don't see what the hype is about. 
Crawfish beignet isn't remotely like a beignet---way too heavy and salty.
Also got the cochon de lait poboy and it was nothing special. 
Why is this place so highly rated by everyone?Amazing food and service! We had dinner here while in town for a bachelorette party.. We asked if we could decorate the table and they did it for us! We supplied to small decorations and when we arrived it was set up so nice! The food is absolutely amazing! Great place where the locals go !This place is soooo good. I've been here several times and it doesn't disappoint. Today I tried something new and got the blackened shrimp pasta and added provel cheese. This is the only place in the city I know of where you can try provel cheese. It is a cheese that is local to St. Louis and it is a must try! They put the cheese on just about everything you can imagine, and I had it on the garlic bread, the char grilled oysters, and on the pasta. The service was good, and the happy hour specials made me happy! $4 well drinks made this trip even better. We were here celebrating an in court victory, and the ambiance was perfect! Dont expect a quiet dinner, but expect an amazing experience. I would recommend this place to to anyone wanting to have a casual meal.I made a reservation for about 10 for a birthday brunch. They don't normally take reservations but we're very accommodating for my party. When I got there I ended up waiting 35 minutes past my reservation time to get seated, which was not ideal. However once seated we were treated to some appetizers to compensate for the wait which was great of management! In addition, our service was very good and very accommodating even though the restaurant was super busy. The menu has a huge selection and everything is super tasty! The mimosa brunch was totally worth it and went great with the food!!The evening started out great..10 min into being seated after ordering and served cocktails the eletricity went off--for the entire time till we left..Drinks were on the house,  since we tolerated the uncomfortable situation as we had guedt from out of town with us..There are few things that get you excited about a meal like the smell of the smoker outside Katie's on Iberville as you walk in the front door. It's hard to not run to the door when it hits you. We went a couple weeks back for a laid-back dinner-for-two.
We started with a dozen char-grilled oysters. Chef Scott has this dish down, with just the right amount of butter and cheese on the oysters, along with tasty french bread slices for dippin'.
Softshells were running good that visit, so I had the special: softshell crab over fettucini pasta, topped with a creamy crawfish sauce. It's one of those wicked-overkill dishes that you just can't pass up. Eat the crab, nibble at the pasta, bring the rest home for a great pasta leftover if you don't want to overindulge.
My wife did the build-your-own pasta--Chef Scott's comments on why this is on his menu inspired a separate blog post I'll do later this week. She got rigatoni with chicken in a creamy alfredo sauce. The chicken was grilled nicely and the sauce subtely seasoned for a good match.
We usually let Chef surprise us for dessert, and he rarely steers us wrong. This time it was "Red Velvet Elvis" cake...deadly!
Drinks-I had a couple of Abita Ambers, wife had a couple of glasses of the house Pinot Grigio. A great meal on a lovely spring evening!Another of my must haves whenever I come home to see my family. Amazing. I have not eaten anything here that I haven't throughly enjoyed. The crawfish beignets are cheesy and spicy. The stuffed poboy is rich and flavorful with lots of gravy. The redfish and grits is something I still crave. Get there early because they get very busy very quickly, I've even waited in line for them to open. Parking is always a struggle, but it's worth it.Best little place in town. I had one of their specials "Seafood Ravioli" and boy! boy! boy! Will definitely come back.Delicious.  The seafood beignet was to die for. The stuffed shrimp and seafood pasta was great.  I will return again.