Tried the Pork Belly po boy and it was pretty good. Served in a baguette style bread with lettuce. Their pork belly had some nice flavor and their sauce went well with the bread, lettuce, and pork belly.
Their spicy potato salad was underwhelming. Very dry with little flavor. Typical potato salad is more creamy.I came here because they had a vegetarian option (sweet potato and kale). Their poboys are delicious and not your typical sandwich that just has mayo, lettuce, and tomatoes. Instead they really think outside the culinary box to tantalize your tastebuds. The sweet potato and the shrimp poboys were amazing! I already want another one.The food was great!  shrimp po boy was awesome!  It wasn't your traditional po' boy because it was grilled shrimp instead of fried but I liked that about it. I just wish that the place didn't seem so divey. It was also hard to find because its tucked in the back of a tiny bar that was hard to find.Shrimp po boy was delicious. Sauce on slaw had a nice taste and spice to it.Very tasty, non-traditional po boys with a fun modern twist. Small menu, only a few offered at a time. In a small space at the back of Erin Rose bar.Found this place as an alternative to Acme Oyster. No wait when I arrived. Shrimp poboy was delicious. Fun bar with local IPA and football talk. Stays open till 7am but food stops at midnight. Try it.Worth pushing through the Irish bar up front - po boys with a unique (usually Asian) twist. We very much enjoyed the pork belly po boy and the (I think bahn mi inspired) shrimp po boy too. Spicy watermelon with Thai basil was a good start.Very interesting perspective on your traditional po boy that you can find on every corner of New Orleans. We tried the Shrimp and Pork Belly and loved them both. Every ingredient complements the next.Wow! So good! Get the grilled cheese!! Stopped in for an afternoon snack after a day of sightseeing and was not disappointed. Have a drink (or two) grab a sandwich and enjoy!Their poboys are killer! We had the pork belly poboys which almost melts in your mouth.We stopped in for a frozen Irish coffee  and decided to snack on a po boy for good measure. Do yourself a favor and order the pork belly. Don't even look at the menu. Generous amounts of pork belly covered in a glaze that is reminiscent of a dark and stormy. If you're looking for a traditional po boy, this is not the place for you. If you're a foodie that appreciates culinary creativity, then you'll be very pleased.Stopped in for a po' boy sandwich with some buddies at the beginning of a bachelor party in NOLA. The restaurant is at the back of the Erin Rose Bar just off Bourbon St. However, it is a very small, single room with one table and a small counters. Best to grab something and go unless your lucky enough to have the table available to you. 
  The po' boys/sandwiches are good. They are not your typical po' boys, such as catfish, crawfish, etc.  For example, one contains pork belly and another is made with meatloaf.  On that occasion I played it safe and got the Jameson Grilled Cheese, which was good. Nothing fancy, but done well. Bread was an oat bread and the cheddar was really good. Like I said, nothing fancy but it hit the spot. 
  The following day, I brought my wife there and we split another grilled cheese and meatloaf po'boy. The po'boy was meatloaf, chili garlic choy, spicy mustard, and scallions. It was good. The meatloaf itself was just a tad bit on the dry side, but the spicy mustard helped to add some moisture. The mustard itself had a strong taste of what I believed to be horseradish. The choy and scallions added some more flavor, color, and crunch to the po'boy. Overall, it was a rather good, and unique po'boy. Bread also had a nice crunch to it without being over crunchy. 
  I would definitely recommend Killer Po'Boys. It is a nice place to grab a quick bite to eat while strolling along Bourbon Street. You can duck in, grab a beer and a po'boy and get out in a few minutes; easy, convenient, and good. Not a bad combo. Oh, and by the way, they only accept cash. No credit/debit cards.I'm from Miami and a lot of restaurants here have pork belly selections on the menu and they are truly sinfully delicious.  They should be a bit crispy on the ends but melt in your mouth when you bite into them.  Imagine my disgust when I bite into the pork belly po'boy I was so stoked to munch on and I ended up with a mouth full of gummy, undercooked, thick, room-temperature bacon.  I was appalled.  This shouldn't even be on the menu. I'm not saying to stay away...I'm just saying that whatever you do, DO NOT order the pork belly po'boy.
Only reason I gave one more star than deserved is because the location is pretty cool and the staff was friendly.Hard to find but very worth it. Enter Erin Rose Pub and just maintain full speed ahead.
Little counter in the back serving really good po' boys. Not the most pretty in presentation but damn tasty.
Then stayed to drink because Erin Rose is actually a nice refuge from Bourbon St malarky. 
Downsides are a bit expensive and cash only (but a lot of NOLA is like this). I wish the kitchen and the bar would operate in tandem (but again much of NOLA is like this). 
The combo of actually drinking at the cheap bar and eating make this inequity balance out more.Good twist on a shrimp as an almost bahn mi. The sweet potato one was flavorful but super mushy......super duper mushy, like the whole sandwich was mashed potatoes.Look, you get fed up with PoBoys after the first day in Norleans, so make sure you just make the right moves and pass by Killer POBOYS first before spoiling this culinary category for yourself and those around you. They make it the way to should be, quick, nasty and surprisingly tasty.I'll keep it simple - best food I had in NoLA, hands down. Grab a seat at the bar in Erin Rose, wash down your sandwich with a good, local craft brew, and order up the Rose's frozen Irish Coffee for dessert. You won't be disappointed!Small po boys with not much filling. Crowded area smells like raw oysters inside. Hard to locate on maps ! Not to mention they have gender neutral bathrooms I did not feel comfortable using. They have no fountain drinks and bottled water is 2 dollars. So I went to Walgreens to get a 99 cent bottle. Also weird little coffee bar. I made iced tea accidentally because it wasn't labeled "iced tea".Great Poboys! I had the shrimp and my two friends had the pork. I have yet to find a better place for poboys in Nola.
Update: After returning I have to bring this down to 4 stars. It's still good, but not as good as it was before.AMAZING! First off when we were looking for the place we passed it at first but then we saw someone walk out of Eden Rose with a poboy and right away knew this was going to be amazing. A small kitchen in the back of an awesome bar that puts out great food. My wife and I had the shrimp and pot belly poboys and ate every bit of it. We both agree that this was the best meal in NOLA. Maybe we are a little biased since we love anything in "sandwich" form but the flavors are just down right amazing. Have yourself a beer and a poboy and you will not go wrong.Incredible Poboy delights lie hidden in the back of Erin Rose.  The gulf shrimp was uuuumaaazing and we also enjoyed the pork belly...  Erin Rose is a nice chill place with most the most excellent bartending staff and libations.  Fantastic!It's been over a year since I visited but I couldn't help but write a review as this place is definitely worth a stop. Takes a little work to find this place since it's located in the back of the Erin Rose Bar but you will not be disappointed. Their po boys are creative and incredibly tasty. Not much space to sit down so plan on taking them to go.Scrumptious poboys!!! 
They have a 5 item menu which makes ordering the perfect meal easy. We tried the Coriander Lime Gulf Shrimp poboy and the Dark & Stormy which is their pork belly poboy. Both we very tasty and delicious! 
Great staff and amazing food! A must try in NOLA. 
Killer Poboys definitely has killer poboys!Simply the best poboys in town. They taste just as great as the ones inside Erin Rose bar! Staff is friendly and good for the family. I have a 7 & 3 year old and they were welcomed! Eat their Seared Shrimp poboy, you'll never eat the breaded againThe sandwiches at this simple shop are scrumptious. I had the pork belly on a yummy roll. Another 1 of us had the pecan butter & habanero jelly sandwich on tasty whole grain bread. Nice selection of beer & wine options available Memorable spot for extra delicious sandwiches. Very casual eatery. Order @ a counter after a short wait in line. Friendly help.Do yourself a favor and hit up Killer Poboys in Erin Rose for a grilled shrimp poboy and a bloody mary.  You will be SO glad you did!!What a spot,quite literally it is a HOLE IN A WALL.
But within that spot from that Hole are some of the Best Po Boys that the French Quarter has to offer.
The Grilled Shrimp PoBoy was one of the Best Sandwiches this Chef has ever had the fortune to eat.
Located in the back of the Saloon the Erin Rose it's a Diamond in the Rough.Killer Poboys has converted me into a fan of po'boys.  Prior to coming here, I've had a number of disappointing encounters with po'boys.  I am so glad that I've tried this place because I definitely didn't know what I was missing!  We first heard about this place from our Uber driver who raved about the sandwiches and told us that we have to try it before we leave NOLA.  I am glad that she warned us about it being behind the bar because I didn't notice any sign for the place when I walked up to the Erin Rose bar.  Pro tip, bring your ID as the you need to be 21 just to step into the place.  I wasn't carrying my purse that day, but glad to have the foresight of having my driver's licence in my back pocket.
The place is tiny with a small table in the middle and a bunch of bar stools on the side. The menu is also fairly small with 4-5 options.  We opted for the pork belly and shrimp po'boys.  I've scarfed down that pork belly sandwich so fast that I didn't even take a picture of it, which is extremely unlike me as I like to document all of my food so that I can remember it later.  The pork belly was out of this world!!  The seasoning of the pork belly reminds me of the traditional Chinese pork belly dish, i.e. the perfect combination of sweet and savory.  Moreover, the accompanied slaw had a nice crunchiness and just the right amount of sourness to offset the heaviness of the pork belly.  Last, but not least, the french bread was perfection.  It was held up extremely against the juice from the pork belly and slaw, but not so hard that you can't bite into it.  I can't tell you how many times the bread of the po'boy fell apart when I bite into it.  
The shrimp po'boy was good, but definitely not on the same level as the pork belly one.  It was definitely a lighter alternative, as the shrimps were lightly seasoned with mayo instead of being deep fried.  Interestingly, the girls in the group (3 of them) liked the shrimp po'boy, while the boys liked the pork belly.  I was the only one that went against the stereotype and preferred the pork belly.  But then again, my personal philosophy is when pork belly is on the menu, ALWAYS get the pork belly!  Overall, the pork belly po'boy was my absolute favorite item that I've tried in NOLA.  If you are visiting, do yourself a favor and try this place, you won't regret it!!We accidentally stumbled upon this restaurant after getting drinks at Erin Rose. I ordered the shrimp poboy. Good value, a little bit too much mayonnaise, but overall an excellent sandwich. The shrimp was well seasoned and the bread was fresh.After our last four days in NOLA, I can definitely say that all three poboys we tried (Jameson grilled cheese, gulf shrimp, and the pork belly)  are the BEST you will get in the French Quarter. The Erin Rose is also a great little dive bar...Yum,  the pork belly is amazing.  My bf adored the shrimp though I can't vouch for it because I'm allergic.  Fast,  friendly service and a good value for the quality.Walk into Erin Rose and head to the back for a poboy feast. Got the recommendation from reading an interview with Solange Knowles who lives in NOLA. We opted to get the meatloaf and gulf shrimp poboys and share them ($24 for two).Both were really good, full of flavor and yummy veggies. They make their own pickles so they taste super fresh. The shrimp is seasoned perfectly! The sauces on both add the right about of juiciness to the poboy but doesn't make them too wet so they can still be handled like a sandwich should be. Perfect pit stop for lunch while walking around the French Quarter.Tried the shrimp po boy and it was everything I dreamed a New Orleans po boy would be.  They serve it Vietnamese style with soft bread, cucumbers and the most beautiful and tender butter grilled shrimp.   Served with a cold Guinness and it really can't get any better than that. I also tried the pork belly po boy and although it was nice balance of sweet and savory the pork fat was too chewy for my taste.  If you like seafood,  which if you don't you shouldn't visit New Orleans then the shrimp po boy here is one of the best I've ever had.Pork belly was delicious. A bit pricey though ($24.99 for a pork belly po-boy and a gulf shrimp po-boy). Ask worth a stop at this hidden little gem.The best Po'boy on the Continent. Personally I love the shrimp Po'boy with a fireball shot. Yum Yum!!I tried three of their offerings(shrimp, pork belly & meatloaf). The meatloaf was ok, but probably not worth getting. The shrimp wad pretty good. The pork belly was the best of all.This is a strong 4 stars maybe 4.5.
My first day in New Orleans and I'm responsible for seeking out sustenance during family nap time.  Yelped lunch/takeout and found this place just a couple blocks from the Omni Royal Orleans Hotel.  Tricky spot to find way in the back of Erin Rose Bar, a pleasantly dive-y bar.  
Awesome pork belly.  They were kind enough to warn me about fatty pork belly but I was well aware what I was getting into.  The sandwich takes you on the brink of being too rich and heavy, touches it but doesn't fall into it. It's decadent with Asian notes in the glaze.  Yummy.
The grilled cheese is sharp and nutty.  My toddler loved it.  We got it sans Jameson.
The shrimp, $14 at time of purchase (it's MP), was also Asian inspired reminding me of Bahn Mi, a teensy bit spicy and crunchy with cucumbers, carrots and such.
I would definitely frequent here if I were from here.Yes, yes, yes!  This is not your traditional Po Boy place!  It's like comparing your standard dish of Mac & Cheese against a Jalapeño Truffle Mac & Cheese.  Some folks crave traditional and other folks love it when you take something that they love and expand on it.  I fall into the latter.
Killer Poboys is hidden in the back of the Erin Rose Pub (which won't jump out at you in the first place).  I love dive bars, so I felt right at home as soon as I walked in.  Grabbed a seat and some local beers, perused the menu, and headed to the back to place an order for two different styles.
After a few minutes, two delectable sandwiches were delivered and wow, these things were great!  I sampled my wife's and she sampled mine, and we basically became like those dogs who are trying to hold on to two toys at once.  Trying "a bite" was not going to happen.  We stole each others sandwich, yet monitored each other's biting techniques to make sure neither one of us was getting shafted.  Finally, the sandwiches were returned to the original owner, almost like two gunslingers cautiously dropping their revolvers at the same time.
The flavors are outside of the box and your taste buds will not be bored.  It wouldn't hurt to be a Banh Mi fan, as I can see some Vietnamese influence in their style.  Simply fantastic, though!  Definitely go to some other places and try a traditional Po Boy (or three), but if you enjoy a little creativity in your sandwich, head on over here and be prepared to have your taste buds awakened!Seared shrimp poboy was extremely tasty. Who knew carrots and cucumber on a poboy could be so good?! Six jumbo shrimp and whatever sauce is on it complements the carrots, cucumber, and shrimp very well. Bread was soft on the inside and a nice crunch on the outside. Mmmmmm good! 
The place, like everyone else has said, is tiny. And even though it was packed, it really didn't take long to get our food and the lady who brought it was super friendly :)Me and my husband stopped in, passed it at first, gotta go through Erin rose and it's all the way in the back. Yummy shrimp and pork belly porous, perfect flavors mixed and a great beer to go with! Very small so I wouldn't come with a large group but good for a little lunch dateShrimp po boy was great.  Good quality, fresh tasting ingredients.  Little bummed by the market price which ended up being $14 but, hey, I was on vacation.  
For those of you walking up and down the street 5 times looking for "Killer Po Boys" like me, the sandwich counter is located inside the Erin Rose bar.  Just head straight towards the back.Coming from a native... these are not traditional Poboys. If this is what you are looking for or what you will base your Poboy opinion on please try again. These reminded me of something you'd get off a hipster food truck.  I had the shrimp, which was just ok. It didn't taste bad but it wasn't what I was expecting. I didn't really need artisan type pickled vegetables and fancy seared shrimp, I wanted the typical dressing and fried  but that is also my fault because I read the description and I knew what I was getting into but just be forewarned.  My husband had the meatloaf and the BBQ sauce it was drenched in over powered everything. The bread, and if you know Poboys you'll understand this, wasn't quite right. I will say that everything was incredibly fresh. We got to Erin Rose before Killer Poboys opened and watched the staff bring in buckets of fresh shrimp and the bag of just delivered bread. With so many other Poboy places around town, I'd skip this place.Thought it would be better according to the reviews. I got the shrimp poboy. Bread was kind hard, the shrimp was pan seared and not fried like I was expecting but it was still very flavorful. The sandwich was 90% shredded carrots which took away from the shrimp and was kind of off putting. The sauce was good. Probably wouldn't go back, I'd try one of the many other poboy places in nolaI came here with my friends because it has good ratings and it was open after my friend got off work. Honestly I wouldn't go back because it was way too packed, no where to really sit, and the po boy could have been better. I didn't hate it but it definitely wasn't 4 starsCreative takes on your traditional po boy. Fresh ingredients, great flavors and an intimate, local vibe. One of the few places New Orleanians are willing to go near bourbon street. P.s. If you're looking for your classic preparations (I.e. Alligator sausage, oyster, etc) head to parkway in mid-cityNot very good...shrimp was fishy and pork belly was overly sweet and big pieces of pure fat..bread was stale..tried to see if cashier would make us something else since we took 1 bite and told her how stale and notjing but fat the sandwich was she'd only make us something else if we paid for another sandwich. anyone who thinks these are good sandwiches has never had a good sandwich.I had the Coriander Lime Gulf Shrimp Poboy here twice on my most recent New Orleans vacation, it was THAT good. Also because my fiance overdid it a little on Bourbon Street the first night we were in town and had no memory of eating the first one. So we just had to go back so he could see what he "missed." One of my favorite meals I had in New Orleans, and this includes meals from places like NOLA and Acme Oyster House. So good, and not even just because I was drunk (I was sober for the second one). Highly recommended.Could not be more impressed with a sandwich shop inside of dive bar, inside of another dive bar. Literally this place is in the back room of a dive bar, in a room the size of my first dorm room, and it shares the space with a bar. Most impressive is the quality and creativeness of the sandwich list. Menu is small but packed with flavor no matter what you get. Shrimp and pork belly are my two faves, but even the grilled cheese manages to impress.These are some of the tastiest sandwiches you can find in New Orleans.
Meatloaf everytime. also all the other sandwiches. But MEATLOAF!!!!You want to look for Erin Rose bar n killer poboys is in back. I had the daily special which was lamb poboy n spicy potato salad for $15 definately worth it!!! Steps off bourbon n worth it!!This probably the best po boy I've ever had!  I had the beef po boy and my hubby had the shrimp po boy.  Both were delicious!  They use a very creamy mayo type sauce that compliments the meat/shrimp without overwhelming.  The bread was the right amount of crunch.  The place is awesome!  You walk through the bar and the restaurant at the back.  Seating is limited but we made it work.  Would definitely come back!If by killer you mean not very good.... Then great name. How does this place have four stars?? Pork belly was terrible. Sloppy and undercooked. There are plenty other places to enjoy a tasty po boy on bourbon street. Come on nawlins yelpers!Another hidden gem in the back of a bar. Had a roast beef and a shrimp poboy. Both were excellent!!Saw this on Yelp and all the ratings. Decided to try it out. Got the "Dark and Stormy" and "Coriander Like Grilled Shrimp." My girlfriend and I split each one. I wanted the "Guinness Braises Beef" unfortunately they were out of Beef. Being from Lafayette, I frequent the city. Glad I stumbled upon "Killed PoBoys" found a new favorite bar and PoBoy shop. Great Beer and Great Food!!! I will be back for more!!!You won't find killer poboy on the outside of this whole and the wall bar but You will find a killer poboy! Erin Rose is the bar in the front and Killer Poboy is the food / bar in the back! Small place with great food.. the Sauté Shrimp Poboy was so good and juice and then they had This cucumber margarita that was spicy oh Em Gee so good will definitely come back when I'm in New OrleansNot impressed. Had the shrimp pivot and the pork belly. The shrimp was ok just not much shrimp. The pork belly was chewy and nasty. Do not recommend. And bread was hard.  I was excited to try it but was very disappointed. NOLA pivots was way better.This place serves up untraditional, unconventional po'boys, so if you are looking for something more traditional - go somewhere else. 
It is located in the Erin rose bar. Must be 21+to enter. Go in the bar and head all the way to the back. Sandwiches are on the expensive side; cash only. 
I had the shrimp. It is banh mi inspired - lots of shredded carrots and daikon (almost too much) with a few shrimps on top. The acidity was pretty overwhelming, and the sauce got the bread saturated within seconds. The shrimp were cooked nicely, and overall I appreciated the concept, but for me the execution was a little off.Killer says it all.  If you want a tasty Poboy there is no reason to go ANYWHERE else, unless of course Killer Poboys is closed.  Check their hours and plan your trip accordingly.  Flavors that will knock you socks off, this place will make you wish you skipped your last meal so you'd have room to order another one.Stopped in here for a Lime Cilantro Shrimp Po Boy.  Yes the seating is crowded inside the restaurant space that is tucked deep in the Erin Rose Bar, but if you're getting a drink (or two) they're OK with you eating at the regular bar and their Bloody Mary pairs quite nicely with the shrimp po boy.  It's a cool bar and bonus points for having a signed poster of Evel Knievel on the wall.  I'll be back.Located at the back of a bar, it's easy to miss, but once you've found it, it's worth the wait. 
Go for the shrimp - great combination of flavours with the pickled vegetables. The pork belly is a worthy second!Pork belly was phenomenal and grilled shrimp was light and refreshing. So glad we ventured past the sketchy bar in the front to find this hidden gem!We both had the pork belly po' boy - the best sandwich we've had in NOLA so far! The bread was crispy and not too doughy and meat was very tender. Highly recommended!Very good shrimp po-boy, but not amazing, and for the price it should have been much bigger.Hidden in the back of the Erin Rose but the gulf shrimp and pork belly Po'Boys were fantastic don't forget an Irish frozen coffee.Very good gourmet poboys. Do not come here if your want the standard fried seafood poboys. 
Love the homemade mayonnaise and the habanero ginger hot sauce. It wasn't spicy but perfectly balanced. Sweet, gingery, and slightly spicy. 
I got the pork belly and my husband got the shrimp. Mine was very good but more fatty than I wanted. The shrimp was good too. Small menu and took a little longer than expected.
Bring cash Or use the atm inside. This place is located inside of a bar at the very back. No signs exist on the outside so be prepared. Give it a shot. Very tasty.My friend and I stopped in Erin Rose and went straight to the back for the Killer Poboys.  The woman at the counter was awesome. We got a Roasted Sweet Potato Po Boy to share, which comes with blackeyed pea and pecan spread, and braised greens.  It was delicious.  We also split an order of super fresh vegan red beans and rice.  I will definitely be back!Tucked in the back of Erin Rose was this hidden gem. We ordered the shrimp, pork belly, and meatloaf sandwiches. The shrimp one was our favorite as it was cooked perfectly on a well-toasted French bread. The pork belly was almost too rich, but still good. All the sandwiches were flavorful so regardless of what you get you can't go wrong!Just amazingly delicious. Def check this place out. It is in the back of a bar, and we kinda felt like it was some secret place only a select few were aware of. It could use some signage on the outside. I had the grilled gulf shrimp poboy. It had great flavors and the sauce was amazing. WAY better than any other poboy we had in town. Make sure you go!!I absolutely LOVED everything I tried at Killer Po Boys.  Amazing food, the Gulf shrimp po'boy was fresh and delicious with an amazing bun and sauce.  I do NOT to this day know the name of the Grilled Cheese I had, but it was f*ing AWESOME.  All I had to read was Jameson and I was in life Flynn!  Apparently they spray it with it and toast it with it and all of this stuff, but I didn't taste the Jame-O, I tasted an amazing, delicious, I'm full but I'm still going to finish it, grilled cheese sandwich.  I said I would go back for the pork belly and was fully warned that it was marinated and boiled and something else and full of fat, which I was gun ho for but in NOLA, there were simply too many places to eat and by the time I made it back there, I had that grilled cheese on my brain!  One of those and a few shots of Jame-O and I was back in the mix.  I will definitely go back there everytime I'm in NOLA as long as it's serving up that amazing food!OMG the sweet potato po boy was absolutely amazing, it definitely hits the spot and the prices are great. My friend had a pork belly po boy and she said it was like an orgasm in your mouth.Killer Poboys is located in the back of a dive bar. It's a tiny room covered in wood paneling with a few spaces to eat in at the counter and a lone window to order and pick up food. We got a pork belly poboy to share. There is a generous amount of pork belly in the sandwich but the whole thing ate too sweet for my tastes and I came away unimpressed. I would stick with the more traditional poboy sandwiches if I ever find myself back here.The shrimp po boy was great. And that is about all that was good. The po boy was $14 and didn't come with anything else. And there were mice running around the floor. I wouldn't eat there again.Not your typical po'boy! This place is located in the back of the bar. Its a little tight and dark but the food is worth it, and you can always take it to go. Had the shrimp po'boy and it was delicious. The shrimp were grilled in delicious spices and they were huge! The bun had a bit too much carrot strings and dressing but it was a delicious po'boy!EXCELLENT Poboys. In the back of Erin Rose pub, the best thing I ate in New Orleans! Perfect to grab and go, then eat in the park.
We each got a different sandwich: Pork Belly, Shrimp, and Beef. My friends loved the Pork Belly, but for a lighter, flavorful sandwich, I recommend the Shrimp.
The shrimp was really fresh and tasty. The poboy was filling, but not overly so. Similar to a Banh Mi. I loved the simplicity of the sandwich and savored every bite of the perfectly grilled shrimp!Killer Po Boys was a nice stop, but I'm not going more than 3 stars. The food was tasty, but not exceptional. The price was expected on Bourbon Street. Erin Rose was tiny and authentic. Overall, i enjoyed my experience in the bar, but didn't walk away feeling like it was something to write home about. 
We got both the Shrimp and Meatloaf po boys. I'd recommend the meatloaf, as it was unique and well flavored. I've had better Shrimp Po Boys in other New Orleans spots.  This place is a great diversion if you're looking for something other than slushies and bad pizza.  It's also a good spot to impress out-of-towners looking for a more unique experience. Other than that, I wouldn't go out of my way to return a second time.This place is a fine example of the strength of social media.  There is no sign as it is in the back of Erin Rose.  Something about a law saying there can be only one sign.  Without Yelp, this place would not exist.  
I had both the pork belly and shrimp po'boys.  These are not your traditional sandwiches.  The flavors are more complex.  They are not large and not cheap, but they are tasty.Pretty good poboys though sometimes inconsistent if April or Cam are not making your poboy.Not sure if these guys have all their friends write good reviews because these sandwiches are tiny, overpriced, and not very good. Sorry guys, just being honest.Disclaimer: this is a review from a local who is pretty well-versed in po-boys.
The menu is small, it's cash only, it's in the back of a smoky bar on bourbon street. If I were in the vicinity and looking for a quick bite I would absolutely stop by. However, if you are looking for a real po-boy...like a REAL New Orleans po-boy, this isn't the place. The bread is too hard, the ingredients are a bit too hip. 
If you want the true New Orleans po-boy experience, hop in a cab and take a quick ride to Parkway Bakery or go uptown to Mahoney's or Parasol's. Get fried oysters or shrimp or beef with debris, and get it dressed. Please don't leave New Orleans with this being your only po-boy experience unless you're a hipster or you're drunk.This was our first bite of food in New Orleans, and it made for a very good start. Traditionalists might say their flavors are too unique and gourmet to be considered true poboys, but we really liked them for that. Got the sweet potato and the meatloaf, and found them both really good. This is the original location, in the back of the Erin Rose bar. Their newer stand-alone location has some different options on the menu, but we didn't get a chance to go try them.Chef inspired Poboys that will change your life!!!!  We go every time we visit New Orleans!!!  The French quarter desperately needed a tasty place like this!!!!Get the cauliflower sandwich on poboy bread. You don't gotta thank me. You will want to, but no need.We love the name and were pretty excited to try the food here. Upon entering we were nicely greeted and nicely assisted with understanding what makes their offerings different. Our order consisted of the Black Beer Beef Debris PoBoy (pickled peppers and green beans, horseradish sauce ($12)) and a BBQ Chicken Confit (ranch slaw, coffee BBQ sauce, red onion ($11)). We enjoyed both.
If you preference is Classic / Traditional PoBoy's then this is probably not the spot. If you are interested in something crafted and new, then include this place on your list.Loveeeeee the shrimp ! Was a perfect portion of bread, coleslaw,shrimp ratio.
The shrimp aren't fried they are grilled and big and delicious!!Not your mama's Poboy : so much mo bettah. Tired of the greasy fried mystery meat / seafood served at the tourist traps? Get fresh at Big Killer. I crave the Grilled Cheese. Their Shrimp are clearly recognizable and perfectly sautéed. Ok gotta go - mouth watering.Amazing! Originally planned on eating somewhere else but the line was too long. So happy we stumbled upon this place! Definitely authentic and original. Friendly staff. Perfect hole in the wall place. Menu was simple and refined.I won't lie, I've been a KPB fan for years. In a city consumed in traditional Poboys and meat, butter and heaviness, I LOVE being able to go grab something DELICIOUS, fresh and on the lighter side. I'm so happy that there are expanded options in this new space!! I love the veggie poboy and the traditionals but damn... the black beer beef is on point!! Pickled veggies, warm beer braised beef, a hint of horseradish from the house made horseradish aioli... OMG! Yum overload. I also love pimento cheese, and really enjoyed a chorizo special they ran. 
This place is great for families and a really great place to stop for a quick and yummy breakfast sandwich without the line. I can't wait for their new drink concoctions after they get their liquor license!
Besides all the great things I just mentioned, the owners are some of the most amazing, hard working and passionate people so you can feel really good about spending your money there.Let me just say, the seared shrimp po boy was slap yo mama good! The bread was fresh and crispy and the slaw they put on the sandwich was vinegary goodness. This was my first ever meal in New Orleans & I ended up going back on my last day there both times. The service was casual and friendly. I ordered a side of spicy potato salad & they have cans of wine and champagne! My friend ordered the pork belly po boy with a side of smothered greens which looked amazing as well. Next time, I will have to try the other items on the menu - they have breakfast po boys & whiskey grilled cheese which both sounded delicious as well. Okay, let me wipe the drool off my face!This was the best shrimp po boy that I have ever had. Full of flavor and not a long wait. Best 14.00 spent today!Awesome food!  Split shrimp and prom belly poboys between 3 people and plenty to eat. They added in the potato salad and it was outstanding!   Some heat but not overwhelming.  Would def order the same thing again!!Pork belly with a side of smothered greens, as recommended by the woman behind the counter. And she nailed it. The perfect combination of sweet and savory. 
This place is small. The music is loud. The decor is pure "lunch counter". Don't expect tablecloths and metal flatware. 
Do expect absolute deliciousness, quick and hot. And do expect friendly staff who seem to love what they do. 
Perfect for a quick lunch!I really wanted to like this place more but the pork bell was just too much fat for me to handle. I will try some of the other poboys the next time I'm in town. Still gets 3 stars because of the friendly staffYum! We popped in to grab a quick breakfast and save a sandwich for later. The chorizo sandwich was tasty with homemade chorizo, scrambled eggs, and guac. We took a smoked salmon sandwich to-go and ate it later, it held up well for a few hours...I liked it even better than the chorizo! The bread is banh mi style which I prefer, with a thin crispy crust and fluffy interior.Food was excellent. Don't pay attention to
Appearance. Very reasonably priced & excellent service.Have been a fan of the original location for years. The new spot may not be quite as gritty but it has just as much charm. The menu is more expansive. We had four different poboys and the the variety of combos and unexpected flavors were excellent. Standouts were the vegan sweet potato and the roast beef debris. Service was great and ambience is simple with a bit of joyful funk.I don't normally use Yelp, but when I do it's to give a dope spot their due.  Killer Poboys is and always has been one of the best sandwiches in the city.  If you want shitty quality seafood served on a tasteless leidenhiemer crouton then this isn't the place for you.  But if what you want is high quality product on incredible poboy bread then you've found heaven.  I've been here dozens of times and still can't wait to get back.  Keep on killin it you guys!Try the cheddar omelet poboy! It's unexpectedly delicious. Delightful! Love the location. The local vibe. Love the unusual choices for po'boys, 'cuz, you know, they aren't your usual fare. Give it a shot!When in Rome, right? I figured I needed to experience an authentic po-boy while I was in New Orleans. Anywhere I researched said that Killer PO-Boys was the place to go. It is very easy to miss, as there is not a sign outside. Instead, there is a skeleton with cross bones that represents their brand. Not knowing that ahead of time, can be tricky as I walked past it a few times. Although, frustrating at first, I did like the marketing tactic. When I walked in, I was surprised that there wasn't a long line. In fact, there was no one there at all. It was about 5 PM on weekday and when I say no one was there, I mean I couldn't even find anyone who worked there. In came in effervescent redhead whose name was...Red. She apologized for the short wait time and asked what she could get me. I told her I was a newbie and wanted to know what the most popular order was. She said hands-down the shrimp. I went with that. I told her I wanted it to-go and I also grabbed a water bottle. The place is somewhat small with not so much seating. It seems like a lot of people probably order to go. I went back to my room and was eager to devour. What I liked the most, was a spicy sauce that they use. It's a Homemade ingredient that is quite enjoyable. Warning, if you are not a spicy food fanatic you might not like this. That shrimp is cooked to perfection. Overall it was good, but not great. I was waiting for something to blow my mind and it never really happened. I think if you're in the area, going here is worth a try but I wouldn't go out of your way. I don't know how the other places do their po-boys,maybe other places pail in comparison. This was not as mine blowing as I wanted it to be. The prices are very fair and it is in a great location right near Bourbon Street.I read about this place in Bon Appetit and it was worth the visit. Their po'boy sandwiches are not your standard NOLA which makes them all the more delicious. 
The interior has some cute paintings, but it isn't meant for you to lounge all day. Service was fairly quick and polite. 
We ordered a BBQ chicken Po'Boy as well as a Shrimp Po'Boy. The BBQ was incredible and I'd highly recommend it. The shrimp was ok and reminded me of a banh mi.
The prices are a tiny bit steep for a sandwich but being they are quality fresh ingredients it is understandable. I'd definable recommend Killer poboys for foodie NOLA tourists!Recommend: pork belly.
Their cauliflower is interesting and their shrimp was okay. 
This location can serve persons under 21. Their other location cannot (because it is in a bar). However, both locations are very close to each other.
Poboy rant: I don't like Poboys. They have too much mayo on them. I wish I could take their pork belly, combine it with the daikon and carrot pickle, sriracha, and forget the mayo. 
November, Lunch. Decent crowd, but no wait for seats.This ended up being one of my favorite dishes in New Orleans. I had a standard po' boy elsewhere, so the fact that they had what I'll call exotic po' boys worked for me. I had the brisket po boy which came with a nice horseradish sauce blended in and some pickled string bean type things which I'm not a fan of generally, but they worked. 
Buddies had the pork belly and really liked them as well.Very  good shrimp seared poboy! Huge shrimp, balanced flavor! Will definitely return to hit up some more menu items.A hidden gem. Unique Poboys with a global twist. Small storefront but cozy seating and friendly counter service. I had the ham and pimento cheese Poboy and it was fresh and awesome. Try it out and you will not be disappointed. No seating outside but you can find a sunny spot inside at a table or small counter.The staff is great. They have some amazing vegan options. We stumbled on this place our first day in town and I'm so glad we did. Will definitely be back next time we are in town.First time to New Orleans... Read and heard so much about PoBoys.... And boy this place lived upto its reputation
They had a goat curry special poboy which was outstanding
It's a little pricey but well worth itThis is definitely not your traditional poboy. These were more like bahn mi. The bread is the same French bread (and really good). I enjoyed the grilled shrimp poboy - although I would avoid it if you don't care for garlic. The garlic aioli on the shrimp sandwich was HEAVY. My man got a chicken poboy - he said the chicken was too dry. Also way overpriced. 
Just go down to the corner store (outside of the French quarter) and get yourself an old fashioned fried poboy for 1/2 the price.Hum, this place was Ok but there are better and less expensive po-boys all over the French quarter. A bit pricey for the quality and quantity of foodNot bad po-boy.  Inventive stuff, but not entirely what I was looking for.  I know plenty of good places to get banh mi, but that wasn't what I was craving when I saw the po-boy sign.  
That being said, the sandwich was pretty good.  I had the pork belly. 
Glazed Pork Belly NOLA rum & ginger cane syrup, lime slaw, garlic aioli.  The lime slaw was was bit overpowering for the rest of the sandwich.Went here recently and really enjoyed my shrimp po'boy, honestly it tasted more like a shrimp bahn mi...but I really like those so I was pleased. I got the spicy potato salad as a side, I should have asked what made it spicy, it was very heavy on the whole grain mustard which is not for me, but I was happy with the sandwich and would like to return to try the cauliflower sandwich.Not a bad sucker for a Poboy of a sandwich. I had the Ham & Pimento Cheese Poboy. The ingredients included caramelized onions & peppers, creole mustard, and baby spinach. The combination of all the ingredients were pretty good. The creole mustard tasted acidic very similar to a pepperoncini but without the spice. The baby spinach, ham, and Pimento Cheese kept the Poboy sucker neutralized and balanced out the acidity from the creole mustard. I did however have trouble finding the taste of the caramelized onions. It was like trying to find a needle in a haystack but jokes on you; instead it's a needle stack and you need to find the single strand of hay... yikes! 
Anyways, don't give them a hard time. The service was very nice and they offered a nice selection of alcoholic beverages. Maybe next time I'll "Pokémon" it up and "Gotta catch (try) 'em all!" J-Dawg out!We decided to try this place on the recommendation of a site that lists vegetarian and vegan restaurants in various cities.  This place did have both vegan and vegetarian options, but they were very limited. 
This place is actually a bar out front, "Erin Rose," with the Killer Po Boys "satellite" shop in the back.  That's makes a big difference.  The difference is that the already limited number of options is even more limited.
boy 
I loved the Grilled Cheese Sandwich on Whole Grain Bread, burt the Po-Boy was not very impressive, and not as good as others I've had in the Quarter.  The bun did not have the same consistency, or chewy texture I've come to expect.  It was a good sandwich, but not great.  Also, note that prices are just for the sandwiches; nothing else comes with them.
Maybe I came on a bad day.  I don't know.  But, for me, the sandwich itself did not live up to expectations.  The service, on the other hand, was outstanding, friendly, and accommodating - exactly what one expects in New Orleans.I would really give this 3.5 stars but I've only been once so I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt. 
My main complaints:  the price is just too high for what you get. Even for that part of town. I work in CBD and could have easily gone 5 places within a few blocks with good or better poboys that give you more food,  and where you dont pay several dollars for a drink or chips. I paid about $20 for the roast beef poboys, a bag of zapps, and a sparkling water. Not even a beer! And the sandwich was half the size of other places. 
Second,  the roast beef was so salty I could barely enjoy it. And I like salt. A lot. I enjoyed the pickled peppers but together it ruined the taste of the beef. Maybe it was a bad day. I'd try something else if I went back.
The good points were they were really fast, had an interesting menu and lots of craft beer.  The woman at the counter was friendly enough.  I've heard good things so I would try it again but I don't recommend it if you're looking to get a good bang for your buck.My friends stepdad says that he hasn't liked a sandwich place in the 20 years he has been in the states but he LOVES this place. The pork belly and seared shrimp is the best. Roast beef not so muchI was nervous about visiting New Orleans as a vegetarian since most of the city's classic dishes are centered around meat and/or seafood. However, places like Killer Poboys saved the day! 
My friend and I came here around 5:30pm on a Thursday for an early dinner. I ordered the Roasted Cauliflower Sandwich (with romesco sauce, avocado, radish, and crispy kale). The sandwich came on whole grain bread, but I asked for it on a classic poboy roll instead. It was delicious! 
I didn't have a chance to go back during my visit and try the Cheddar Omelet Poboy or Roasted Sweet Potato Poboy, so I guess I'll have to visit NOLA again!MY FAVORITE POBOYS IN NOLA! I absolutely love this place, and everything I've tried has been incredible! 
When I first came here they were actually filming for an episode of Food Paradise, and the shrimp and chicken po-boys that we ate were the ones being filmed in the kitchen!! 
Since then, I've been back a handful of times and have tried many of their other menu items and all have been amazing. Their sandwiches are flavorful and non-traditional, with all kinds of different flavor combos, yummy sauces, and vegetarian options! The shrimp Po-Boy is their specialty and my favorite!! It's on a banh-mi bread and the veggie mix on it is insanely good. Their chicken po-boy smothered in their coffee bbq sauce is also amazing, but really feel free to try anything that sounds good to you because I've never been disappointed. However, whatever you get, get it with Voodoo chips!! Straight from Nola, and best chips in the world.The roasted cauliflower (on the po boy bread instead of the multigrain) is the best thing I ate all weekend. And I went to Seed. Don't miss out! #veganMade it by here for the soft open. Cam has done great things here. Always loved the original KP at the Erin Rose and this location didn't disappoint. If you are looking for fried food on bread, not your place. If you are looking for a real, fresh, interesting and killer po-boys, then this is where to go!!. It doesn't hurt that the staff and owners are awesome people, either.Really good -- and worth the visit. Go to the original location and grab a cocktail after you are done. It is a NOLA stapleI picked it out because this place offers something distinctively New Orleans, but which I can also eat: namely a well-reputed vegetarian poboy. They have a couple of other options and a nice drink selection, but the main attraction is the titular sandwich with roasted sweet potatoes, a pecan and black-eyed pea spread, and something that seemed like braised collards or another similar green. It doesn't get much more southern than that.
To be honest, I'm not a southerner and the taste profile was a bit sweet for me. It probably needed some hot sauce (which was available in store but which I did not have when I consumed my takeout sandwich elsewhere). But it was certainly well executed and a good mix of flavors, and I thought it sizable, filling, and better nutritionally than a lot of what I see around.
Given the difficulty of finding anything vegetarian (let alone vegan, which this is) around the French Quarter, I'm happy to endorse it as the local flavor. The shop is not a fancy restaurant but you can eat in; if taking to go, I'd bear in mind that the bread can get soggy if you leave it for too long.I was psyched to find somewhere close to where I was staying that sold veggie poboys...and of course, I opted for the whiskey grilled cheese. It had a little sweetness to it--almost like the "whiskey" is a rub they give to the bread before grilling? Otherwise, gooey, cheesey, delicious.
They seem to have a pretty good craft beer selection too (was sadly on my way to work). It was hot and muggy outside, cool and casual inside, and I would've loved to have a great cold beer for dessert. Next time. If I return to NOLA, I'll go back to KP.I had the gulf shrimp and hubs had the pork belly po boy. Altho the "meats" were good tasting, these po boys tasted like overpriced fusion Vietnamese Bánh mì. Alright but I probably wouldn't go back. I was really looking forward to a good po boy while in NOLA too.We REALLY enjoyed our lunch at Killer Po Boys.  My spouse asked repeated where we could find a good poboy.  We kept hearing about Killer Po Boy.  It was awesome.  I had the beef debris with pickled peppers and green beans poboy while my spouse had the grilled shrimp with slaw po boy.  Both were very well done.  We also tried a local IPA and root beer to drink.  Yum!  We highly recommend this little shop for lunch!I passed the place up twice because the name is not on the front of the building. It's just a skull,  crossed bones and a fleur dis lis. The seared shrimp poboy was good although the shrimp were salty. This is definitely not your traditional poboy spotFirst time visiting NOLA and definitely wanted to try a Po boy. I am vegetarian and could not find a vegetarian po boy anywhere I visited. My friends were going out to get a po boy and invited me to check it out- great decision! Had my first po boy experience with the roasted cauliflower one. 
Although I am not a vegan, I was told that this was vegan too. Highly recommended!My husband and I shared a Pork Belly Po Boy as he ate the meat and I ate the fat. It was made to perfection with the right amount of slaw to deem it bursting with deliciousness!
Other places may try to imitate but these are Killer sandwiches. 
Try the greens in case you are trying to maintain a healthy diet. 
Walk an extra block and you will be richly rewarded!Food is always great, but the counter help. Today's gal was not only unfriendly, but borderline rude. I live in the quarter and like the owners of this place. They need to be careful who they install as the face of the shop. I will be back of course, the food is worth the occasional rude counter girl.Our first meal in New Orleans did not disappoint. We got the pork belly and the shrimp - because then you get to try both....
Both were fantastic. Great beer selection, low key space. Awesome spot when you need a break from Bourbon St and just want some really good food.Chorizo Po Boy was delicious.  The potato salad was awesome!  I would have gone back for more if we were there longer.Glazed Pork Belly Po Boy!! Get it. This was the most memorable place that my group ate at on our trip to NoLa! Not your average po-boy - I would say it's more of a sandwich - but definitely the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. I went here three times during my trip and even brought one back on the plane home. I've also tried to the Shrimp and Scallop which are good too but nothing compares to the Pork Belly Po Boy! I still dream of it. I will go back to New Orleans for the oysters and seafood boils, but mostly for Killer Po Boys ;)First time here and the shrimp Po'Boy is so delicious with all the right combination of spice flavors and as side the spicy potato salad - nice creole taste! You must like spicy foodGreat food. I am vegetarian and my son is not but we both got delicious food . Even tho it was during the Mardi Gras parade time the service was quick and everything looked clean.had their bahn mi inspired poboy which was nicely spiced and the siracha aioli worked. The bread could be improved.
Seating was available, food came reasonably quick (order at counter) and  drinks were available from a fridge.
best (non-food) were the painted toilet seat covers used as decoration;)Wonderful cauliflower poboy...a full meal...and the braised kale side was  delish. The fact it is right next to The Museum of Death shouldn't stop you! You won't regret a poboy here!The shrimp P.O. boy is amazing! I just finished mine an am contemplating ordering another one.....Ordered the shrimp po boy that everyone raved about and it was total garbage. 
The shrimp was so salted that it just tasted like I was eating salt. Salt on salt on salt. The pickled radish/carrots helped to cut through the salt, but overall... it was just a flavor buzzkill. 
Disappointed by the flavor, the overwhelming hype around it and the price for a bad faux banh mi.The poboys here are delicious!!! They do not skimp on the ingerdients and the ingerdients are all very fresh!!! Their sauces have amazing flavors that are well developed.  Highly recommend the poboys!!!It always makes me happy to see vegan and vegetarian menu items! Ate there with a bunch of people before seeing a show at the Sanger. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their meal. I had the Roasted Cauliflower Sandwich. Great flavor but as often an issue with vegan/vegetarian sandwiches the texture was mushy making it less enjoyable to me. And they've got wine in a can!Loved the food and atmosphere. One of the most delicious poboys ever! Definitely worth another visit!I came here for a quick bite with the boyfriend. We got a seared shrimp poboy to share. The shrimp tasted fresh and were tender, the bread was perfectly crispy and not hard at all, and the pickled veggies added some much needed zest. They had paper towels and good Louisiana hot sauce on the table. This was an affordable option for a laid back lunch in the quarter. 
restaurant was self serve
did not use the bathroomSo very delicious. Worth a trip. Very friendly service with a nice selection of craft beers. Grab a PoBoy, a crisp beverage and a bag of Zapps chips and take a seat in their air conditioning. Good times, no wonder they needed to add a second location around the corner from the Erin Rose (original location, equally delicious with a slightly different menu).Holy moly this place is good.
So good we went back for seconds.
I had the beef debris both times with a side of grilled cheese.
My wife had the chicken the first time and the pork belly the second time. 
All the above mentioned sandwiches were more than excellent.
I'd give 6 stars if possible.Got lost finding the spot. It was inside a bar in the back & had 5 menu items to pick from. The pork belly poboy was sO delicious nonetheless! would come back next time !3.5 stars for the Shrimp Po Boy
This place is much bigger than their bar location & has more selection of po boys, so suggest coming here!
Seared Shrimp Po Boy ($13) - the bread had a crispy yet soft texture to it. Shrimp was huge and delicious! The sriracha aioli, herbs & cucumber complimented the sandwich. However, the daikon radish & carrots were way too much. The slaw taste is fine the first few bites, but the bitterness just really overpowered the sandwich. I suggest asking for less daikon, so you can enjoy the shrimp sandwich itself
When I tasted my bf's pork belly sandwich, wow, that was a winner. Juicy, tender pork & great flavors! I'd definitely get the pork belly sandwich over the shrimpThis was my second time here and once again it was amazing. The pork belly poboy and shrimp poboy were the best.Based on these great reviews how could this place go wrong. It does. Meh is the best word to describe the po boys. Tried both the shrimp and braised beef and was very disappointed. Not a big serving and no where near authentic. Salty and watery. 
Plus 40$ for two sandwiches and iced tea. Keep walkin by this place.My first time in NOLA and it was my first meal. Small quaint place, order at counter and grab a number. Very nice lady who took our order and meal came out fast. Ordered my first PO Boy, grilled shrimp, with cucumber and carrot daikon slaw. I believe traditional PO boys are breaded shrimp but this was a delicious treat, loved it! Had my first can of wine here also, had not seen any in Arizona.You have to go here! They have this location and the window inside the Erin Rose pub not far away. 
1. Vegan and Veg friendly
2. Don't go too late in the day (They ran out of bread when we were there! We got the last few rolls!)
3. Different combos and interesting toppings.Poor rendition of a po-boy. This place should call their sandwiches something else and not get people hopes up for a po-boy. First I'll talk about the bread- New Orleans is known for its French bread but this is not what this place uses(go figure.) the top bread was hard, the bottom bread was soggy. Tried the shrimp and the meatloaf. The shrimp did not have any flavor and the meatloaf was..........I'm not really sure what to say the meatloaf was. Let's just say I tried two bites and couldn't finish it. I guess when I'm in New Orleans I want Cajun cuisine that New Orleans is known for and this did not live up to that reputation. On a good note my husband, who tried the meatloaf, pork belly and shrimp sandwiches said that he liked his pork belly.My friend and I tried several things from here. The BBQ chicken was good. I didn't care for the pork. It had way to much fat and no meat. I really enjoyed the shrimp. The spicy potato salad was ok. I can see how some people would like it. The spicy watermelon was unique. The people are really friendly and quick. I plan on trying more.Had the Gulf shrimp poboy for lunch--delicious!!! Great service and mouth-watering sandwich. Will return. Highly recommend.Got the BBQ chicken Poboy and it was not what I expected at all. Thought the chicken would be more tender and the BBQ more tangy, however it was far from either of those. Many in my group were disappointed in the beef and seafood Poboys as well. Hard to eat, messy and below average.Highly recommend!!!!! delicious poboys and they have vegan options!Poboys were a MUST try on my NOLA bucket list. Coincidentally  Killer Poboys was located a street corner away from my hotel. Rated one of the top spots for this dish-I was extremely excited to try out this joint! A small old town sandwich shop feel, if you don't go early you will catch a line up. 
The Poboy is a turnover of th bahn mi sandwich with more authenitcally rich southern flavours - like glazed pulled pork in sugar cane syrup,ham & pimento cheese, braised beef debris, BBQ chicken confit, cheddar omlette, housemade chorizo, smoked salmon and the roasted sweet potato for our vegetarians.  
I ordered thr seared shrimp (4/5- the one I tried came with coriander, lime spice, sirarcha aioli, herbs, daikon radish, carrot, cucumber) the wait time was quite long-20 mins. We came with a larger group distributed over couple of tables-so we realized later the waitress had delivered my poboy to the wrong table. By the time I got it- it was cold, and bread soggy hence the 4/5 but the flavours will stil just as intense. The grilled shrimp was very nicely marinaded and the dikon added a crunch found in a good bahn mi! I was so hungry I ate all of my po boy realizing I didn't take a picture of it! (apologies) 
With a drink and poboy- it will come out to less than 20$. I fell the kitchen is small, and low on staff the waiters get overwhelmed (understandable) but still doesn't compromise for long wait times and confused service.
All in all, glad to try out the Nola bahn mi!So we hit 2 very positively rated Po Boy shops while in NOLA.
This was the "nontraditional one" and it was just great!
Small, casual, storefront....maybe 12 tables.
Local gourmet sodas and a few craft beers (and Miller High Life tallboys for the hipsters..lol..kidding ..it was my grandfather's beer and I still like them from time to time)
They offer maybe 10 different sandwiches offered per day.
I had the Glazed Pork Belly Po Boy  for $11. It  had NOLA rum & ginger cane syrup, lime slaw, garlic aioli...AWESOME!
My dining partner who shall be nameless (LOL) tried to eat healthy while on vacation..NOT!
She got the Roasted Sweet Potato for  $10--blackeyed pea and pecan spread, braised greens.......I tried a bite..."umm...NO!...maybe if I was a vegan ..IDK...nto my cup of tea.
Next time I would try something more like the :
Seared Gulf Shrimp Po Boy--coriander lime spice, sriracha aioli, herbs, daikon radish, carrot, cucumber..or the 
Housemade Chorizo Po Boy-yard eggs, avocado, black beans, salsa verde, queso fresco.Got the shrimp poboy. It's was so good. No frills about it just a great easy meal straight to the point. Go early or late to avoid the linesenjoyed the off brand chips and almond cola that went w my po boy. the cook came over and asked if i enjoyed my sandwich and he was sincere when asking..w.hich i replied it was excellent, and it brought a smile to his face.This is an awesome Po'boy spot. 
I had absolutely no complaints about the seared po'boy I ordered. I also love the cold drink selection they have in the coolers by the counter. Since I was in NOLA, of course I went with a cold can of Abita Amber to wash down the po'boy which I most definitely recommend to everyone.
The only complaint for this location is how small it is and how busy it gets. This is definitely a location where there will be a rather long line around lunchtime, especially on the weekend. When I went, the line was just about out the door. 
I also noticed that tables were completely full with no where to sit, not that it mattered to me since I was getting takeout. Just an FYI.Had the ham and cheese and the shrimp. Really liked the ham one. Sure would have liked more cheese tho. It was good.  Another thing u had to get used to is the condiments were ice cold on a warm sandwich. 
The shrimp one was like other reviews I read - fishy and salty. I would not order that again. 
Had the orange satsuma soda and the voodoo chips. They were sweet and spicy.  Very good.Searching for a vegetarian PoBoy brought us here. They are a small nice place. Very friendly. The sweet potato poboy is good. I did need to add a bit of hot sauce as my tongue was craving for some hotness. The sandwich was decent sized and was filling.They have a nice selection of options for veggies and vegans.  I requested roasted cauliflower as a side option and though it wasn't on the menu they honored my request.
My partner got the grilled shrimp poboy but we must've came on the day when they were light on shrimp.  He only ate half the roll with the amount of shrimp they gave him.  It was cool all and all; staff was nice.