To start with I am NOT a soup guy. I enjoy Pho places but mainly stick to vermicelli. Now with that said, this place was amazing!! I had the Tonkotsu and my wife had the oxtail. Both were amazing however I was blown away by the oxtail and ended up with my wife's bowl before it was over-lol.
The staff was super friendly and helpful (Gabriel) and took great care of us. We will be back and bringing friends!!Very close to my neighborhood.   Driven by the space regularly; but never stopped. It's been a bar and a  BBQ spot.  Very small space, but there's bar and counter seating with some original art work for sale in the corner.   I ordered a mango spritzer, kawasaki chicken, and a chicken Ramen.   All were good.  The kawasaki chicken appetizer was especially good.   Along with shoe string potatoes, there were curried pickles.   Very open space and it started filling up as I left (6 ish).  I'm be back and explore more of the menu.What can I say that others haven't? The food is impeccable, the service is attentive yet not intrusive, and the atmosphere is warm and unassuming. You can tell these guys take pride in the food they create as each dish is beautifully executed. Can't wait to come back!Ramen is really excellent.  Very flavorful, very large bowl, and definitely filling, you probably won't eat it all.  Fruit spritzers are very refreshing drinks too.  Only problem is that you cannot separate your check from your lunch mates.  Very problematic if your lunch mate orders more then you do.  The reason that they provide for not being able to provide separate checks is because they need to put your orders in at the same time if you arrive together so that the meals are ready at the same or otherwise the meals are prepared in the order in which they are received.  HUH????  If you're taking our orders together, the orders would be put in at the same time right so I'm not sure what that really has to do with separating the bill????  Beware if you're trying to budget or need a separate check you might not want to eat here.Rich Yummy broth , the beautiful egg is perfectly cooked. I love this cozy resturant. We had Clam Chowder dumplings. Divine we each had the spices ramen which is not overly hot, just enough bite. I couldn't eat it all. Definitely coming back hereWe had a great dinner. Our waitress was incredibly nice. It wasn't too packed for 6 pm on a Saturday, we sat at the bar. The food was so insanely good. You can BYOB , though we did not realize there was a 10$ corking fee for wine. No corking fee for beers. The menu seems to change somewhat often , which is another bonus. I think my entree was 14$. Huge bowl of ramen that I ate for 3 separate meals including leftovers. 
Will definitely go back and will bring beer pints instead of wine.Delicious ramen place tucked into food desert on Washington avenue. My friend had never had tonkotsu broth and was blown away- highly recommend you try theirs. I also placed an order to go and they had it ready by the end of my meal and neatly packaged in containers to maintain the integrity of the different items. The broth was in a cute reheat able bowlWe went for lunch and I had the regular ramen. Easily the best stuff in NOLA and worth a trip to this part of town. Also had the dirty virmicelli which is a take on dirty rice. I could have made a meal out of that alone. The staff and service were friendly and excellent. A gem.Great Ramen option in NOLA! Place is small, but cute and quaint. Servers are nice and the food is a very good quality with great presentation. I enjoyed my meow meow ramen thoroughly. I'll be back.Finally. 
NOLA has legit Ramen.
Recently - I have resorted to having my own fresh Ramen Pasta overnighted from NYC. 
A bit of a pain but worth it when you just need some damn ramen in your life.
(Clearly - I obsess over shit sometimes)
Decided on a lunch date with my beautiful wife at Kin, today.
It did not disappoint. 
Before I get into it...I should point out that they make their own Ramen Noodles, fresh, in house. 
Looked like it was to-order as well.
That is no small feat.
For me, I ordered the Tonkotsu.
About as traditional as you can go...had some amazing Porchetta floating in a delicious pork bone broth. 
It was savory AF.
The bowl was also filled with a mélange of pickled veggies that cut the fattiness of the dish. 
The egg wasn't the Shoyu Tamago I was expecting but more of a Onsen Tamago...which was cooked to perfection. 
The yolk made the broth creamy AF.
To top off the dish...was a cluster of Tempura Enoki. 
Never seen them served any which way but raw. 
They were sexy AF.
My wife ordered the Miso.
Essentially the same broth as the Tonkotsu but cut with some Dashi to give a little more depth and saltiness.
It was perfect. 
Along with the perfect broth were the usual suspects found in the Tonkotsu.
Main difference was the Confit Chicken.
Left a nice grease slick in your mouth that I think Im still feeling.
The lunch aspect of this tiny spot is a new concept for them.
Yes - THEY SERVE LUNCH.
Dinner seems to be more of a unique experience from lunch.
I took a peek at their menu.
(SIDE NOTE: Both of their menus change on the regular)
The dinner menu seems to lean towards a more non-traditional Japanese direction. 
A fair mix of the new and the old. 
I will surely go back to fill up on said menu items.
If it is still BYO there...then they are in trouble.
I may not leave.This place is exceptional. Rarely do I ever give a 5 star rating. But to be honest, I can't take of anything to subtract. This place is a pretty small, quaint joint. NOTE! That is not the correct address listed on here. You should call the restaurant. Now, I had the Forest Wings, which contained sambal and hoisin. And they give you these pickles with it, which are incredible!! The wings were utterly delicious - a perfect balance between sweet and savory. I also had the Pork Tokontosu ramen, which was rather flavorful and very full-bodied, big I must say it was heavy. The heaviness didn't bother me, as it is indeed something I wouldn't be eating everyday. The fruit spritzers strikes the right harmony to cut the heaviness of the dish, so get it!While they aren't really set up yet for take out, we were blessed to get some! Everything is thoughtfully crafted and executed, even when putting it in to go containers. The flavors are yummy and I can't even tell you how excited I am to get into the restaurant for a sit down! If you're on a budget, this might be the type of place to visit for lunch, so that you can enjoy the amazing flavors offered up without it being too pricey. The staff is beyond friendly and helpful. We really miss Big Momma's being in this spot, but we know that this is what belongs here!!First time trying it and it was very delicious. The shrimp alfredo dumplings are a must. Ramen was good. Very flavorful. But the dumplings are a must.While I understand that Creole & Cajun & French are the staple cuisines for New Orleans, I'm thrilled that people are being really supportive in regards to the plethora of good food that represents the diversity of the city.  Ethiopian, Thai, Korean, Vietnamese, Israeli, etc are becoming standouts or at least an excellent-to-ok option for those of us looking for a variety of dishes to entertain us.
My husband loves ramen.  Some of the best we had was in Budapest, surprisingly, but we wanted to try what this city had to offer.  Kin didn't blow us out of the water but it was ok.  Coupled with a few other issues I found the overall experience to be 2.5 stars.  We might return if we're nearby but we wouldn't go out of the way for it again.
Location:
It's on a cement island all by its lonesome with a good amount of street parking around.  It's hard to miss and easy to get to, and there's not much around that makes the area picturesque.
Service:
This is a tough one.  The guy was friendly but he seemed beyond flustered and/or painfully shy and even though he read our order back 2x and we corrected him 2x he still put in the wrong dang food.  Both of the dumplings were wrong.  My ramen was wrong but thank god he didn't give me the spicy noodles my husband ordered!  We just rolled with it because STARVING.  He made sure we had water and plates and stuff, and he handled a later incident with sincere apologies.  So, I'm not docking a star nor giving one for service because guy tried.  There were other people flitting to-and-fro serving other tables but no one interacted with us beyond our server.
Space:
There are a few tables that were utilized by bigger parties but the majority of the seating involves either a low wrap around bar or high top bar along a large window.  Maybe 30 people fit inside?  A bit cramped and even though I pulled my chair as close to the bar as I could I was still hit by one of the other servers every time he walked by.  That pissed me off because I don't like chopsticks full of hot ramen to be jammed into my lip every 30 seconds.  Docking a star for that.
Open kitchen with lots of Sysco type products in view.  I mean, I know y'all have to buy stuff from there but this was a bit of a disorganized mess and could be more appealing with some proper storage containers/systems.  Especially when so much of the place is trying to look a bit nicer - plating, decor, etc - it's a bit jarring to see jugs o' spice with greasy tops staring back at ya.  The area directly in front of us, which appeared to be a coffee station, was a disaster of dirty dishes and junk.  If you're going to have people facing an area where they are forced to look at things could you make it a bit more appealing or at least neat? 1/2 star gone.
No forks.  No hot sauce.  Roll with it.
Food:
Dumplings were not worth the money.  Greasy and mushy with sauce pairings that did nothing for the flavors. Skip apps and go right to the ramen. 1/2 star gone.
My husband got the chicken and I ordered a veggie choice.  I received beef.  That's a big screwup.  However, I decided that fate was trying to make me splurge and I went with it.  I didn't like bits o' beef in my mix but everything else was hoppppppin'.  The broth was fantastic, the egg cooked perfectly and the veggies crisp.  Salt content in the meat was too high.  Noodles are darn good!  The husband raved about his chicken and said it was out of this world tender and flavorful.  So there's that!  He finished his but I didn't due a small incident that was handled well.  They comped my meal and gave me a card with a free app.  That was super nice!  I won't dock a star for that.
So, Kin is ok!
Other:
Be sure to confirm your order then confirm again and then maybe just eat what you get because you don't have time for remakes.
Grab a seat at the window or a table for optimum room and to avoid the dreaded server elbow.
Didn't see booze on the menu?
They take more than just plain ol' cash.Update:
Came again to give Kin another try. This time I left satisfied and highly amused. 
Chicken wings - made with sambal spicy paste. Had a kick to it and the chicken was crunchy. It's served with sweet pickles, which I don't like. But whatever. 
Huxta bowl w/ spicy noodles - my bf loved this, but said it comes with way too much bamboo. I enjoyed this as well. It's not the best ramen but it was very creative and tasty. The broth was rich and the amount of meat they gave was more than enough. The corn was buttery and sweet. The egg was perfectly cooked and not too salty. But I agree, it comes with a lot of bamboo. 
Which is why I left really amused and satisfied. If you read my last review of Kin, you'd know I talked about how I asked for bamboo shoots in my bowl and it didn't come with any. I assume that they read my review and recognized me because in the middle of my meal, they brought me a bowl of extra bamboo without me asking! The shade. The pettiness. I loved it. Lol!
Anyway, the really redeemed themselves from the last time I went and I can't wait to see what other creative and unauthentic ramen they have to offer.i had been eyeing this place awhile... so good! we got the hunni bunni (vegan option) and fish bowl, as ell as one of the dumplings of the day. all were so amazing. i really appreciated how thoughtful the veggies were prepared (none of this super soggy crap) and the broths were flavorful. can't wait til they're back from vacation!Love this place. The place is tiny so ensure to make reservations. Great service and food. Have to come back every month to check out what's new on the menu.I thought this place was fantastic! I came here a few weekends ago, and was surprised to see anything in this location (also, that Garden Thyme has moved). The space is really intimate and we happened to catch it on a slower night, so only the communal table was filled. It's great for couples and dates, but I imagine that unless you get the long table in the middle, group dining might be a little awkward. We split a shaved brussel sprout salad, the lamb entree and a spaetzel dish. All was delicious, generous portions for the price and not too heavy. I wish I could have tried more. The service was great, and we'll definitely be coming back!OH MY GOSH. I don't even know where to start talking about the deliciousness that is Kin.
Kin has been on my list of places to try since it first opened and I finally had my opportunity when my friend mentioned that we get some ramen for lunch. Y'all know I love Asian food of all types and ramen is no exception. If only there were more ramen places in this town. Seriously. I think we only have 2 or 3.
So, this isn't the place to go if you are looking for a super fancy spot to eat. Kin is a small restaurant that is more about food than atmosphere, as Alvin mentioned. The place was packed at lunch, so we sat at the bar area and looked over the menu. We started with an order of dumplings. I have no idea what was in the ones we ordered (pork, I think), but they were fried to delicious perfection and full of flavor.
The special of the day was the brisket ramen. Out came this HUGE bowl of delicious ramen full of different vegetables, an egg, and a pile of brisket. This brisket was so tender and juicy and there was so much of it! The broth was perfect and the noodles were cooked to tender perfection. All of the goodies in the bowl blended together to make for one delicious lunch. I even had leftovers and I love my leftovers. Good news: the leftovers held up and it was all just as good after a night of sitting in the fridge. We both told the owner that he needs to keep the brisket ramen on the menu- it was that good. I'm eager to go back and try the pork cheek ramen, which I have heard great things about.
I will absolutely be back for another bowl of this good stuff.Finally tried Kin on Friday evening and it was worth the wait. My previous two dealings with them were less than satisfying but I kept seeing delicious looking bowls of ramen posted on Yelp, had to try it. It's a somewhat isolated restaurant on its own up on Washington. There are no other bars or restaurants nearby so it's something of a destination restaurant. The largest effect of this is that it's really quite good value for what are good sized portions. If this was on Magazine prices would be far higher.
We weren't hugely hungry but after reading the menu and seeing the specials, it became one of those 'bugger it, let's try everything meals'. We went for an order of dumplings ($5 - meat pie), an order of chicken wings ($6 - honey rosemary) and an order of the Bun Bao ($5 - beef awesomeness). I don't know if they also offer their dumplings like this, but on Friday they had one Potsticker and the other three types were fried. The flavour of the filling was very good and the pickles on the side were pretty good too but for me, a dumpling skin that has been fried masks the flavour of the filling too much. I'd love to taste this filling in a steamed or even boiled dumpling. So, good but could maybe be great. Next up was the wings - nothing outstanding but a generous portion and very tasty. Last up of the apps was the Bun Bao. This is a cousin of a Chinese Bao that is then fried. The filling was oxtail and general beef deliciousness. It doesn't eat like a bao but rather like a Rou Jia Mo sandwich. The bread soaks up the juices. I think this was my favourite app of them all and I'd definitely go for it again. 
For mains, we ordered a bowl of the Pork tonkatsu ($14) which seems to be standard on the menu and a new addition, the Tom Yum($14). Both were delicious but the Tom Yum is one of the best I've ever eaten. Densely flavoured broth with a ton of veg and lots of big juicy prawns. It's easy to see the skill in the way this all comes together. The right amount of heat too, not overly spicy. I loved it. The tonkatsu was full of flavour too but the pork belly was guilty of being a bit too fatty. Some chunks just seemed to be completely fat. I'd order it when we go back...but only if the Tom Yum isn't available. That was gold.
After those entrée's, we decided that we had to go for dessert too, which we could just about squeeze in. Chose the grilled zucchini bread, served with Jam and an orange cream sorbet ($5). When it was placed in front of us, we were told that the orange sorbet was gone so they had replaced it but...'I can change it if you like'. It didn't really seem worth it to be honest but I do think it should have been explained or discussed before it was placed in front of us. It's a satisfying end to the meal, even if it's served in a stupid jar making it hard to reach the final crumbs.
Kin is a nice space with probably less than 40 seats, some laid out around the old sushi bar. Staff on the night we were in are lovely, and very helpful. The kitchen is based off to the right as you walk in and is pretty open to the dining area, that's something that I feel adds to the vibe of a restaurant. I think they could work on their reservation system though, it's a little frustrating. Because it is a bit isolated as I said, being turned away is annoying. Hopefully they can work on that and their liquor license. No booze on the menu but they do seem to accept BYO.Came for lunch. They weren't too crowded and we were seated immediately at the bar. 
Pork something dumplings ($5) fried and crunchy. The filling was kinda mushy and I didn't think it was very flavorful. I wouldn't order again. They do change their dumpling flavors daily, so maybe they'll have better options next time. 
Pork tonkotsu ($13) - the pork belly is fried. The broth was bland, but the marinated soft boiled egg and pork belly was salty so it evened out. I couldn't eat the pork belly and egg unless it was with the broth and noodles. Alone it's just way too salty. It included bok choy, mushrooms, cauliflower, and squash. Noodles were perfect. 
Oxtail ramen ($13) - oxtail is shredded, but kinda crunchy? I don't know how to explain it. The broth was much more flavorful than the tonkotsu. It included half a soft boiled egg, bok choy, marinated mushrooms, and jicama slaw. I think it could use some other veggies in there. There is a good amount of oxtail in it, so that's a plus. 
I asked the waitress to add bamboo to my oxtail ramen and she said she believes it was already included. Okay, cool. My ramen came out with no bamboo shoots. I think the waiters and waitresses need to be more informed on the menu. 
Overall, good not great. Definitely did not leave satisfied.First time there.  Can't wait to go back.  The special Crawfish ramen dish they had was absolutely amazing.Recently moved to New Orleans from Chicago (where ramen is everywhere!) so was pretty nervous when I noticed the limited options for Ramen down here. Luckily, we have found our spot! Kin's ramen is outstanding! We had the tonkutsu and the huxtabowl and loved both. Definitely get the spicy noodles and try one of the unique appetizers. Can't wait to go back already!I kept hearing about Kin from various people and seeing check-in(s) on social media. Finally managed to visit! The food was superb! The service was top-notch. The environment was great. The noodles are house-made and the food is filled with tons of flavor. I will definitely go again to try the rest of the menu. The prices are slightly above average, but worth it in my opinion. I am a new orleans native and I can say they have the best fried oysters!On November 1st 2017, a large group of academics visiting New Orleans for the Haitian studies Association conference decided to visit this establishment based on recommendations by locals on the quality of the food served here. Unfortunately, though the experience of the food itself was absolutely delicious and amazing, our server this particular afternoon was probably one of the rudest and unfriendliest individuals we, as a collective, had ever encountered in our individual lives!!! Quality is measured by both food Ambiance and service at restaurants, this one star rating is based on the service we received this day which ultimately altered our overall experience, even though the food was delicious. Sorry KIN, you'll have to work a little bit harder and polish up on your hiring mechanisms, making sure that your servers know how to treat your customers as well as your food is close to Glorious on the palate.Nice and friendly staff but the food was ok. Only thing we liked here were the wings.  Most of the food posted on Yelp were not on the menu anymore. We felt like this place was trying to be too different by eliminating the traditional ramen combinations. There are better restaurants out there.Amazing ramen. Location is a bit hidden as it looks like a house from the road and the sign is small. 
If you love ramen, don't skip this place. It's amazing.I just made my first visit to Kin last night and I liked it. It's a cute little place with friendly staff and unique flavors. Our server also told us that the menu changes monthly, meaning it will stay fresh and exciting in future visits.
Last night, we started with the fried boudin, which was quite tasty. This wasn't your typical fried boudin, as it was wrapped in a large wanton. A nice twist. For my main course, I had the fried oysters, which were served with crawfish, veggies, and gnocchi. Not surprisingly, the oysters were the star of the dish. They were big, crunch, and delicious. My date got the lamb, which was also really good. We finished with the pear cake dessert, which was served with this amazing goat cheese ice cream. I've never had anything like that and it was a perfect pairing with the cake. 
For drinks, it's BYOB. Be aware that there is a $10 corkage fee starting tomorrow. But price-wise, Kin is by no means cheap, but did not feel overpriced to me. We spent just about $100 for 2, all in.
I look forward to trying out a new menu on my next visit.Free check in luggage, being asked out on a date in person (not on Tinder), authentic Japanese cuisine in the South...all things that are hard to come by. Enter kin - a hipster restaurant serving delicious ramen with rich and flavorful broth. I ordered the technically tonk ramen and I may or may not have finished it down to the very last drop (spoiler alert: I did). The daily special was eggplant dumplings with fig and yogurt sauce which surprisingly paired together quite nicely.
The restaurant is small so prepare to get cozy! It can get crowded and just a heads up it seems like there's usually a wait to get seated on the weekends. Phenomenal ramen. Bravo!Oh my God!!!  I have been hearing about this place for about a year and tonight decided to give it a chance.  Well let me say I am so glad I did. We had the chicken fajita dumplings the duck and biscuit and the seafood chowder dumpling.  Every single item was awesome and we even had to order more of the chicken dumplings to go.  For the entree we had the ox tail ramen, the pork belly ramen, and the ultimate dish of the night the vegan ramen.  Three men all eating said hands down the vegan ramen was the best tasting thing of the night and that is saying a lot because everything was fabulous.    We will be back. FYI it is BYOB.Small restaurant with family style seating.  I haven't had much ramen in New Orleans yet, but this place was very good. I ordered the Huxta Bowl that came with ground pork.  Very tasty. Wish it had more noodles though. 
One downside is that all the broths(except the vegan) have shellfish so my brother couldn't order any of the meat ramens. He did say that the vegan dish was very good but he would have liked to have some meat.  Since substitutions aren't possible, that wasn't an option. 
Will definitely return, but hopefully they will have some broth variations for those who can't eat seafood but don't want to eat the only non meat option.My honeymoon in Japan was the trip of the lifetime, but the lack of Ramen options in NOLA has left a slight (dark, gaping, empty) hole in my heart.  Finding Kin has been a godsend.  The menu is small but ever-changing, with dynamic ingredients and super interesting flavors.  The location is a little weird, but that does not keep my husband and me away.  Their steamed dumpling specials will always be a highlight and a large, hot bowel of ramen leaves me satisfied time after time.  This is a small space, which is very Japanese.  
By far my favorite ramen in town!  Arigatōgozaimasu.Trendy decor. Not friendly, not unfriendly service.
Can't remember the name of what I ordered... but it was the one with chicken sausage. The broth was too salty, and I did not enjoy the chicken sausage and didn't bother finishing it.
The mushrooms with the broth soaked up were pretty tasty. However, that was the only upside of the dish.
Also, not a cheap meal.
Long story short, didn't enjoy my dish as a standalone. Also, as a sidenote this is not a traditional ramen at all, so don't come here if that's what you're looking forService, food, and ambience are all excellent! I got the tonkotsu ramen and my wife got the huxta ramen. Both were incredible as were the southwest dumplings and the lemon pound cake with earl grey tea ice cream!I had carpaccio. Wow. I had frog legs. Wow. I had the snapper paella. Wow. It was like a carnival in my mouth. I never imagined it was possible to get so many good clear distinct and complimentary flavors in my mouth at the same time. Every bite was so fantastically complex and interesting that I might have become a little numb at the end of the meal. This is truly thinking person's food, and now I am wonderfully satiated and mentally worn out!
The service is perfect. Absolutely wonderful in every respect. Ashley knew the food as well as if she were the chef herself. She expertly and charmingly guided us through this fantastic gustatory journey. Casual, genuine and personable yet 5 star at the same time -- the flatware was replaced with every course, all the old plates were removed, water was kept topped off and cold. The courses were timed well with just enough time in between each to give us a chance to recover for the next.
The restaurant is very small and seating is at counters or shared at one large table, which frankly is perfect for a place where we should all come together in celebration of truly brilliant food. 
I wish I lived closer!Don't let the location or size fool you.  Just so happened to be driving by on a chilly Saturday and decided now was my chance to finally check it.  This was one of my best impulse decisions ever. It was perfect.  The food was outstanding.  The decor was tres chic!  The service impeccable.  This tiny place packs a great punch!I thought my gps was giving me wrong directions to the restaurant. The outside does not portray what is inside at all. But it's what's on the inside that matters right?
I like the aesthetic inside the restaurant. They have communal seating which feels odd at times. My girlfriend and I sat right next to another couple. The other couple seemed annoyed that we were seated in their space. We also had the option to choose bar seating. 
I used the restroom which was clean. I walked through a little supply room that led to the bathroom. The menu was more pricey than I anticipated. Nonetheless our server was lovely and helpful with the menu. I tried the "Chinese takeout" and my partner ordered the "boo-jee udon". She was not a fan of it. Nor was I, but my bowl was delicious! I loved the flavors and the noodles. The udon noodles in the Boo-jee bowl were a lot but that is more of a personal preference. The flavor and the brisket was done well. Although i enjoyed it, I was unsatisfied by the pricing. It was my first time eating ramen at a restaurant. I would say it is a nice place for a date. Food, interior, and staff I would give 5 stars, but everything else brought the experience down. Definitely amazing food, and a nice selection for a smaller menu.Last night was one of the best meals of my life and Kin was a true culinary adventure. The restaurant itself is off the beaten path but not far from The Blue Plate Lofts. Seating is limited so I would highly recommend reservations. Tiny place but it makes the dining experience very intimate and cozy. It is BYOB right now and no corkage fee so feel to bring a bottle of wine. My husband bought a flask of vodka and ordered the strawberry mango fruit spritzer. The spritzer itself was stupid good but add the vodka and then you have a bomb ass cocktail! Our reservation was a bit delayed but our party of four did not have to wait too long. The staff was extremely apologetic and sent us a complimentary starter plate of beef and potatoes. Totally not necessary but greatly appreciated. We started with the shellfish and herbs and then the peppers and tomatoes. Both dishes were light and refreshing and full of flavor. The four of us decided to each order an entree and split all of them. This is really the way to go with this place. Each dish is so inventive and delicious that you should not restrict yourself to tasting just one plate of food. The menu changes monthly and they are in the process of experimenting with this month's options. We ordered the game hen and rice, pork and sorrel, turf and surf, and the ravioli and beets. The ravioli was out of this world! It is a great vegetarian dish and the spicy marinara really set it off. The turf and surf was a grilled hanger steak with mashed potatoes, seasonal veggies and fried calamari. A simple dish but one of the best steaks I have ever tried in my life... and it was a hanger steak. Lol. My husband was literally speechless when he had his first bite. The game hen had a nice spice on the skin and the pork chop and gnocchi also came with a panko crusted fried egg. We were in food Heaven! The price point of this place is beyond fair and the portion size are surprisingly generous. A lot of places love to charge you an arm and a leg for a very tiny dish. Kin, I can happily report, is not one of those places. We were all stuffed and had no room for desert. Next time I will have to leave room for some because I hear they are all delicious. The service was personal and warm. Jennifer waited on us and she was a delight. We asked to talk to Chef Nhat Nguyen so we could tell him how much we enjoyed our dining experience and he was so grateful and kind. A class act guy who gave credit to the rest of his kitchen staff as well. I am telling you right now that what these talented people are doing at Kin is truly exceptional. And I really do appreciate the fact that we were able to have such a great meal without breaking the bank. My husband and I love to go out to eat but we are not made of money. That being said, for the caliber of food and portion sizes, the price of our bill was beyond reasonable. Thank you Kin for making fine dining quality food available to everyone. We had a fantastic time and I will encourage every single person I know in New Orleans to go eat at this establishment.We saw this place on eatingnola's Instagram and knew we had to try it! It's everything we thought it would be. So exquisite. The place is tiny but quaint, staff are so friendly, and the food is just amazing. ***BYOB THOUGH!!*** Definitely a must tryBest ramen, casual dining atmosphere and friendly, accessible staff."The bonsai of the epicurean world",  quoth my mom. Spent a lovely evening in their living room sized restaurant, tactfully dismembering their sculpted gustatory creations. The small plates are wonderful to experiment with, make sure to talk to your server before investing one of the entrées.It's a small restaurant, so you'll likely need a reservation on a weekend, but it's worth a wait. Kings one of the coolest, most innovative new restaurants in New Orleans.Lunch update - just tried the lunch menu and it is off the hook - amazing value.This is a really awesome new spot! First of all, I love that it's off the beaten path. There are literally no other establishments in the area, and I'm really hoping it's a sign of revitalization. The place is pretty small (cozy) with one large communal table in the middle and about 10 bar seats (with some looking out the window). Really clean, with a modern/rustic vibe. Because it's so small, I'd recommend reservations, at least on the weekends. 
We went with a group of four so we could order a bunch of things. The food was excellent: really creative flavor profiles and beautifully plated. I would categorize it as "New American," even though there are subtle Asian influences in every plate (I believe the chef is Vietnamese). Even though I'm not vegetarian, I really love how many vegetable dishes they have, and how well they're prepared. I'm not going to go into specifics of every dish because the menu changes every month, but suffice to say that everything we ordered was really good. Because my bf is a chef, we had to dissect things a bit, and we agreed that there needed to be some tweaks on each dish, but also agreed that the food here has really amazing potential. You can see the chef's vision and it works.
They don't have a liquor license yet, so BYOB is free, but they do offer reeeeeally good "spritzers." My friend had one with strawberry and basil (and probably some other stuff). You could bring your own liquor and have a bomb-ass cocktail.
Service was awesome. Really friendly, on-point, knowledgeable, and efficient without being overbearing. The sous chef came out to tell us that they had our reservation under the wrong name and thought that we hadn't shown up. After he realized we were there, he sent us out a complimentary dessert. Super nice! 
We will definitely be back.Went for lunch today after drooling over their IG feed for months. Cute tiny place, completely not what you'd expect in that part of town. A true gem, diamond in the rough kind of place. Fine dining, excellent tasteful decor, amazing friendly servers, and the food they're firing out is top notch. Lunch menu only had 8 items which, for me, is the sign of quality over quantity. BYOB. Extremely reasonable prices. Check it out. Big long communal table and bar seating.  At dinner, you'll get to meet your neighbors for sure.  Menus supposedly change all the time and dinner and lunch services are completely different. So you could get something new every time you go. Which you should. Immediately.I've never had ramen until Kin...literally. I don't eat pork so it's hard to find a ramen spot with a broth that's not pork. Well this place services my taste buds. The broth was creamy and full of flavor. The dumplings were beef taco; they have special dumplings each day so you never know. They were the perfect size and tasted just like a taco! They came with lettuce, tomato on the side. The ramen was an excellent portion that didn't leave me wishing I had more...because I had more lol...it was too much for me to finish. Omg I'll be back. Definitely! I'm trying to find a way to keep it in my weekly rotation...great service! Great food! I'm in it to win it!!!!I came here with the boyfriend for some ramen. This is a small restaurant and when we arrived there was only seating at the bar, which worked well for out small party. I ordered the shio chicken ramen and the boyfriend ordered the tonkotsu pork ramen with the spicy noodles and broth, which costs an additional $2. The food took a rather long time to come out, but not unreasonably so since everything is fresh. The pork ramen was spicy and delicious, with romanesco broccoli, bok choy, crunchy tofu, half a boiled egg, and pork. The spicy noodles had a nice chewy texture and were around medium heat. The broth did not have that cloudly, creamy consistency I typically associate with tonkotsu ramen, but it was delicious and the heat level was a satisfying medium. My chicken ramen had a good selection of bamboo shoots, seaweed, chicken breast, bok choy, half of an egg, and wood ear mushrooms. The soft boiled egg was perfectly cooked, the noodles had plenty or texture. The broth was rich and flavorful, but there was not as much of it as I would have hoped (it did not go high in the bowl). Additionally, it was not hot. It was not hot enough to wilt the bok choy and I was very disappointed by that. The third reasoning behind me taking off a star was that there was not a way to make my soup be spicy at all. I can understand charging more for the spicy noodles since they require additional labor to prepare, but not having any hot sauce at a ramen shop is a little silly. It felt like extortion to increase the cost of my meal by 15% in order to have it spiced the way I like it. 
service was 5/5
did not use the bathroomI've been three times to Kin. Twice for dinner and once for lunch. The food is so delicious. The flavors are layered perfectly. Every dish is to perfection and the signature hen dish is amazing. Lunch is a different menu with a dumpling appetizer and ramen dishes which will leave you full and contentment. The staff are so attentive, happy and pleasant. It is a very small place with no private tables but once you taste the food you won't care! I highly recommend this restaurant.Based on the fabulous food as well as the service I would have to go 5 stars. But the quantity of "small plates" at places seem to be getting smaller and smaller.Everything we had (dumplings, chicken, beef and pork ramen) was robust and full of flavor. I cannot pick a favorite dish because the chicken, pork and beef ramen had distinct flavors and textures. I would eat here at least once a week.Cute little restaurant. Seating are limited. 25 seats to be exact. First come first serve. They seat you next to strangers. Kin means family. The blueberry spritzers was very tasty. I would recommend trying their special flavors. I order the pumpkin chipotle dumpling and nothing tastes like pumpkin. It actually tasted like pizza. I also ordered the huxta  ramen with spicy noodles. To be honest I was very excited to try out this Raman everyone was raving about but the Raman was one note. It needed something else to make it better. Another thing is they only serve you half an egg. All ramen that I've had gave you a whole egg cut in half. Prices were pretty pricey. $14 for w bowl. The substitution for spicy noodles was good. Overall it was an okay restaurant. I would give it another try. Maybe during lunchStopped by today for lunch with a friend! We each ordered a bowl of ramen noodle soup and an appitizer. The portion was a nice size. The ramen was enough to fill me up. I really didn't need to order the appitizere, but a friend recommended it. Everything was delicious.We absolutely love Kin!
As residents of Broadmoor, we are used to heading down toward the river for our "occasion" restaurants.  So, when we saw Kin opened recently, we were excited to try it.  And we were NOT disappointed!
The food is incredible, they are still BYOB so far (awesome), service is fantastic, and the restaurant is cozy and full of character.  
We've already been back a couple of times, and have encountered an original and delicious menu each time.
I am so proud to have Kin in my neighborhood!I loved how everything was a personal experience. Ambiance and environment was nice and cozy. I didn't realize that the menu change so often so I was expecting to order food that has been on past menus. I was expecting more options but everyone entree was decent. I love their peach or mango spritzer! Great service but you definitely have to make reservations.The best ramen in New Orleans. Handmade noodles and rich housemade stocks done the right way. The pork tonkotsu is amazing.Really great ramen! Go for the brisket bowl.the broth had such good meaty flavor. The fried chicken bowl was good, too, but the brisket is where it is at. The place is very small. Basically it has one or two small tables and then bar seating. Service was fast and prices were good. We will be back.Kin was recommended to me by a chef, whose food I had the pleasure of eating the night before. He recommended I trek out to Kin, so I didn't even bother looking at other restaurants for the next evening. It was good....but didn't blow my mind for all the hype.
I was excited to try it given the overwhelmingly positive suggestion from a chef whose food I found to be mind-blowing good. 
The place is small and quaint, with an open kitchen and seats about 30 people. The staff is great, and fast. Very nice. There is one big table (think of it as a community table), a long bar for seating(NOTE: This place is BYOB), and additional high-top seating on a bar overlooking the windows. I sat at that bar - which unfortunately removed me from the conversation of excited strangers from different parts of the country with interesting professions (one of the women at the bar was the owner of a well-known restaurant in Portland - I didn't catch the name). The customers dished about what kind of food and which restaurants they had tried while in New Orleans - I had visited the majority of the ones they were discussing, so I knew I was in good company.
I ordered pork/chicken dumplings and opted away from the agedashi tofu in black bean broth given I was going to eat ramen for dinner. The dumplings were nicely sized, a portion of 6, and fried. 
Their ramen selection this evening included 5 types - some of which I found misplaced for ramen. I eat a lot of Ramen in the Bay area, so figured I would stick with something more traditional to give it a proper shot at ramen. I ordered the Chicken Shio.
The noodles in the ramen were the straight kind vs. Sapporo-style (chewy and squiggly, which i prefer). Regarldess, they were cooked well and nicely textured. The broth was underwhelming and bland, which was a disappointment. The sliced chicken was fine, as it was prepared as sliced pork would be over a shio ramen. My issue with the chicken was, while the chicken was cooked well, the slabs were almost a little too thick. It should have been sliced in half one more time.
I think my expectations were perhaps a bit too high, but in a town where people want to get to know you more by inquiring "where did you eat last night?", I needed to give this place a shot.This new spot has everything going for it. A young extremely talented team cooking with soul. Now open for lunch weekdays. This place rocks it from start to finish.Great, great ramen. I've been here 3 times in the past week LOL. 
Wonderful attention to detail. 
I wish I still lived in New Orleans so I could go to this place. Excellent.Food was excellent, had the beef carpaccio small plate and then I had a mushroom noodle dish and my girlfriend had a scallop dish.  The portion sizes, however, were small and it was rather expensive.  For 1 small plate and 2 entrees it was close to $80 with tax and tip which is high considering the location, the fact that we didnt have drinks and that we both werent quite satisfied afterwards with the amount of food we had.  We certainly weren't hungry but no where near full either.  Also their menu changes often so they dont have a menu posted online which was frustrating because we went expecting to find ramen and dumplings which it turns out they only have for lunch, not dinner.  I'd definitely be interested in coming back for lunch though when hopefully the prices are more reasonable - although again, their lunch menu isnt available online.I drive past this restaurant often on my way back from work so I decided to stop in and try it.  The interior is very small with just one communal table and the rest of the seating being at the bar.  It seems to be going for a trendy and hip vibe and I was the only person in the restaurant as it was still a bit early for the dinner crowd.  
I was provided with some nice complimentary bread served with pureed acorn squash and another condiment that I think was some type of fig preparation and that was a nice start.  The menu had some interesting items on it that seemed to be pretty unique and ultimately I decided to just get the lamb kabob entree.  I was sitting at the bar but there is a bit of raised area still between you and the server and you get served like a bartender would serve you so they kept my iced tea and water both full so service was efficient.  My entree was interesting with two ground meat lamb kabobs on sugarcane skewers which were then placed on a bed of salad mixed with various vegetables and pasta.  There were certainly some unique flavor profiles in the meal but when it came time to pay for my entree and iced tea the total with tip cost $31.16 which really made it a poor value as I didn't think I got very much food for my money.  
Overall this restaurant has some interesting ideas going on but the location, ambiance and dining style don't seem to rate fine dining prices.  The desserts were surprisingly very standard with nothing very unique about them at all other than being as expensive or more so than most of the best restaurants in New Orleans ($6-$11) so I didn't even bother trying them. It is an interesting concept but I don't know how they are going to attract a lot of repeat business at their current cost structure.  It was interesting to try once but at the prices they are charging there are a whole lot of other better restaurants in town I'd rather spend that kind of money on.  For diners that are looking for something quite different than the usual New Orleans dining scene this will certainly give you a new experience.  I will give them 4 stars for their unique dishes but 2 for price and 1 for the dessert menu so let's call it a 3 star overall experience.I absolutely love kin. 
They have a unique selection of house made dumplings that change every few days. Don't be surprised when you see beef stroganoff or curry dumplings on the menu for the day. They're usually paired off with a dipping sauce or maybe a bed of dressed salad or other garnishes that completes the theme of the dumplings. For example, a coconut sauce for the curry dumplings. They also vary from pan fried to boiled. (4 dumplings per order)
Now for the chicken wings. Crispy and tasty. Doubled fried for that guaranteed crispy skin. For the wing sauce, they also change every so often. But no matter what the flavor is it's always gonna be yummy. (4 wings per order)
The main course: ramen. Flavor packed ramen. They don't hold back on the toppings and protein that come with their ramen. Even the vegan ramen is loaded with all that nutrient, energy packed vegetable goodness. The pork belly is always crispy. The broth always steaming hot. The way they present their ramen ain't like anything I've seen before. It's just beautiful and their own. They make it the way they like it and I'm not complaining. Those guys are always cookin' up something good.This tiny house is just amazing. I had the best ramen ever here. Every dish here from drink to entrees deserved a visit and a long-time wait for a seat. The soap of the noodles it my favorite part of food here, very savory very deliciousReal new. Has a Dinner Lab kinda feel. Better to try lots of different plates and share. Oyster and gnocchi was very interesting. I def recommend if want something quant and nice.Delicious ramen and beautiful presentation.... And that just lunch. Can't wait for dinner.Our daughter had eaten here before and wanted us to try it.  We arrived on a Thu evening on May 18th.  There is plenty of parking in the neighborhood.  It wasn't very busy and we were seated right away in a communal table.  Apparently their former dinner menu has been eliminated and now the former lunch menu also doubles as the dinner menu.  Our server Thanh was pleasant and attentive, however she spoke way too fast for us to understand the details of the dumplings and ramen.
The three of us decided to eat family style and ordered the special shrimp dumplings ($5); 2 orders of the chicken wings ($6 ea) with one being a spicy bbq sauce and the other being plain fried; the Huxta bowl ramen ($14) consisting of confit marinated ground pork shoulder, marinated soft boil egg, bok choy, roasted garlic miso corn butter, and pork and chicken broth; oxtail ramen ($14) consisting of ox tail shreds, soft boil egg, bok choy, braised mushrooms, jicama slaw; and one fruit spritzer ($3).  Kin does not have a liquor license, but you could bring your own for a small corkage fee.  
The shrimp dumplings were rather ordinary, the wings were very good (what could go wrong with chicken wings?), the ramen was sumptuous - probably the best that we have had, and the spritzer was refreshing and not overly sweet.  Yes, we would return again if in the area despite the limited menu.Prompt service! Delicious ramen, very filling! Lay out of table and chairs simply didn't suite me. Seemed very traditional, so I can't hate! I just couldn't relax.This place is a hidden gem! About the best food i had so far in new orleans, and very affordable pricing.  The ramen can make a run against the best in southern cal or vegas!  The appitizer is good and affordable.  The dessert is to die for!!!The food is inventive, but they don't have a liquor license. The cuisine is fine dining quality, so one should really be able to enjoy it with wine. And here's the really crappy part - BYOB is not free. They charge you $10 for wine corkage, even though you can bring in your own beer with no corkage fee. I assume they bring you a glass for beer which is all they did for me having wine. I opened and served my own wine to myself and two others at the table- $10. They didn't even have to throw out an extra bottle at the end of the night ,as there was a little left over, so I took it home. I'm sure they would have had to throw out empty beer bottles. Unreasonable policy...The food experience was mediocre 
The place was trying to be hipster but seriously overrated 
Took over an hour to get food
Small and crowded
Oh and to top it off the female waitress (puffy cheeks) was rude and slammed the door behind us. Never was pleasant. 
Would I come back for some "trendy" ramen? Nah, I've had better along with better serviceFood is ok but the service blows! Rude, not efficient, takes forever. There are better places in NOLA for ramen.Kin far exceeded my expectations!!! What a wonderful little place with a charming staff. Hate to admit that it was my first time there, being that we are Mid City residents, but we will be frequenting this little hot spot from here on. Now, this place is tiny, and has very limited seating, so I would highly recommend reservations. Also byob, so make sure and bring your booze. Everything we ordered was delicious! We ordered several plates and shared, which is what we always do, because we love to taste everything. Such a great addition for all of us locals...what a gem!!!Tried Kin for first time. Small but comfortable venue. Kitchen is open so you can see everything from the spice rack to watching your bowl get prepared. Shio chicken ramen had tender slices of chicken, delicious mushrooms and excellent broth. We got a chicken curry dumpling that was also tasty and served on top of a yummy little salad of lettuces and jicama that was as good as the dumplings. Only reason not a 5-star is server wasn't knowledgeable of details and ingredients and gave our leftovers to the table next to us by accident. Food was a 5, and I'm not even a soup person.Can't believe I'm saying it. A real ramen place in Nola. A few have tried before but all have failed until Kin. I got the tonkotsu which was delicious. My friend got the miso and it was great also. I didn't try the gyoza but overheard people talking about how good they were. This is a welcomed treat to townGo in hungry, leave full!  Great food, service and environment. 
Quality of food is on point. They have passion and it shows in the food. 
We enjoyed our lunch and will be back!visiting son & its one of his fav places. I totally understand why. so fresh and good. I had the shrimp Tom yum udon & loved it. always on our list of must come while we are here.The best ramen in New Orleans. Inexpensive. Great environment and excellent service. One of my favorites!So, after 2 weeks just the wife and I and a lot of good meals out- Kin takes the cake!  Actually that's a good point, I did order dessert and it was as good as everything else- and I don't generally order dessert. I just hope Kin stays where it is, how it is- with maybe a little expansion of space. Fantastic and great price point. Every dish was delicious and we ate it all talking non-stop about food with friends as we do in New Orleans.Heard about this place from a few friends but wasn't quite sure where it was. The sign is VERY small and it's not on the side of the building on Washington, which makes it hard to locate. All of that being said the food was GREAT!!! It's a small place but that makes it pretty cool. Highly recommend!Kin has such great ramen that words can't express the flavors! Before today I had kin maybe twice and the flavor and taste has always been fulfilling and savory. I love how consistent they are with the quality of food; I would say my concern is that they change their menu often and there's very little options 
Today I had the vegan bowl as I'm now vegan and it was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!! I love the textures of the vegetables and how it made the ramen rich and creamy. The addition of mini tomatoes and potatoes definitely helped with eating the ramen as each bite had a unique flavor. I loved how the mushrooms and I think zucchini helped with giving a savory effect with each bite I had. I'm not sure if the fake meat was tofu or texturized vegetable protein but I can definitely say it was so similiar to meat that I was almost worried it was meat!!! 
The server was great as she kept on refilling my water but she didn't introduce herself or tell us much details about the menu, food options, or the place....
I would have given kin a 5 star review but the wait for the food was kind of long. We waited closed to 25-30 minutes....
The price was average to me but kind of pricey in comparison to other ramen places I been too. My bowl was 14 and my friends bowl was 16.
I would definitely come back for more.