came here around 1a on NYE, glad we stumbled upon this spot. we wanted some cocktails to continue to toast the new year. there was a nice crowd and lively energy as soon as we walked in and we luckily snagged seats at the bar. the bartenders were busy but you could see that they took care and were meticulous about each drink they made. we are fan of this type of artistry and enjoyed a few different cocktails (moscow mules, pimm's cup...can't remember the rest). would definitely recommend this spot, drinks and bartenders are top notch!Auf den ersten Blick eine Bar, aber im hinteren Bereich befindet sich ein großes Restaurant. Wir waren 6 Erwachsene und ein Kleinkind und bekamen einen separaten Raum, in dem wir die Klimaanlage und die Lautstärke der sehr guten Musik selbst regeln konnten. Die Speisekarte und die Getränkekarte sind ausreichend vielfältig. Alle Gerichte die wir bestellt haben waren schmackhaft und wir wurden satt. Der Service war sehr freundlich und persönlich. Ein sehr gelungenes Abendessen im French Quarter.Excellent food and service..... yummy martinis ....
Place is new or looks like it . U need to walk like two block from the principal st but you are not gonna regret itDrink are amazing! Service is excellent. Food is good but nothing really blew us away. We got the pork chop, fresh fish and scallops. The pork chop was the best by far. Will be back again for drinks.This ended up being our new go-to place for Happy Hour in the French Quarter during our last trip to NOLA. Both the pork buns and the cracklings with pimento cheese were clear winners, and the prices on both small plates and beer are great. Service was friendly and the one bad beer we ordered was taken off our bill, which we in no way expected. A great place to rest your feet and have a very tasty snack in the afternoon.My friends and I were here twice.
On Saturday of Memorial Day weekend, we stopped in for cocktails to take a break from sightseeing and shopping. The alcoholic drinks are truly imaginative and are done well. All 4 of us in my party had something different and all of us agreed they were great.
The next night we ate dinner here and it was truly amazing how good the food was. I had the Shrimp Gaufre as an appetizer and the Superette Cochon de lait for my entree and it was out of this world.
The only disappointing part was the non alcoholic drinks. I ordered an iced tea and upon asking for a refill was told that they were making a fresh batch. After much waiting and no refill, I asked and found out that the new batch of iced tea did "not meet their quality standards" and they would not be making any more. WHAT? How about offering me another soft drink? How about coming and telling me rather than me waiting and waiting? The ball was dropped with the coffee that I ordered with dessert as well. It was not only NOT good but was NOT hot. I do realize that people don't go to NOLA for the non alcoholic drinks but come on. 
For me, after drinking great cocktails and eating a fine meal, the coffee with dessert is the final impression of any restaurant.Oh my gosh. Marinated crab claws?! Sweet, spicy and delicious. Fish tacos to die for.Went to NOLA for a birthday getaway and this was our first dining experience in NOLA. The service was great more than great amazing. They were informative about any question we had and suggest great things. The drinks are strong, delicious, and interesting. One person had the stuffed pepper YUM. I'm not a fan of hotdog, brats, sausage in general so i took the risk and order the Gumbo and it was DOUBLE YUM. They had a blueberry drink and that was just good. Very relaxing place to have your first dinner in NOLAKing fish caught our attention because of the beautiful sound of the piano being played by the entrance. With that said, we sat by the bar which had a nice and intimate ambiance and ordered the shredded pork nachos and the risotto. The two was ordered as appetizers which was more than enough for the two of us. The food was delicious and we couldn't have been more pleased with everything.Great bar. The farmers market vegetables and the French Pearl cocktail were outstanding! I'd get those again and again.
The Crab dish was pretty good.
The staff recommended the shrimp and okra and it looked delicious but the shrimp were terrible. I was shocked because it was the first time I'd had bad shrimp in New Orleans. Maybe we got a bad batch. 
We traded them in for the Alligator Wings. These were pretty gamey and just a bit too bony for me. The sauce was meh.The food was mediocre and the service horrendous.  The pompano was clearly not fresh which is shocking and unacceptable for a 'nice' restaurant in NOLAThe service here was excellent and the food was delicious. The setting was clean and beautiful. They even had a small garden area off to the side that led to the bathrooms. Great place to take photos if you love taking pictures. Our waitress Angelina was a darling and explained the food to our large party patiently. Next time I come to NOLA, I will definitely return to this restaurant. Thanks Angelina!To update my rating on Kingfish I'd like to start off with saying this is now one of my favorite places to dine in New Orleans. Service was impeccable and the food outstanding. Our server Kayla made some great suggestions and did not miss a beat in making sure we had everything we needed. She suggested the special of the night which was a 16oz ribeye with habanero sauce with peaches and fingerling potatoes. The way she described it had me drooling and it was just as good as I had hoped. I'd like to thank the manager on staff as well for taking great care of us. I will certainly come back every time I visit and definitely recommend Kingfish to anyone I know who is visiting as well.Having lived know NOLA for 3 years, I must say this is where I had one of the least favorite meals. a friend was in town for about 4 days and wanted to southern food for all of her meals. After hitting up many restaurants, I thought I would give this a try. My gumbo hardly had anything it and tastes mostly like black beans and she disliked her crab bisque. After we returned both, the waiter brought out a second gumbo explaining "this is what it is supposed to look like." (So the first wasn't the real deal?) we ordered alligators wings on hopes of salvaging our appetizer experience but the meal was dry. Finally, we both didn't like our meals. She was underwhelmed by her choice of scallops and I had the rabbit. Now, rabbit is one of my favorite meals to have in NOLA but this was very disappointing. The meat was dry and it was drowned in a overpowering sweet blue berry sauce. The veggies on the plate were poorly seasoning. I will not be returning.Chef Nathan really put together something incredible at Kingfish. I had the pleasure of stopping by and indulging in probably the best pork chop I've had in this city! It was an impressive sized chop with a ginger marinade, served with smoked cabbage that tastes similar to sauerkraut, topped with a sweet potato purée and mustard seeds that just take your taste buds on a stair way to HEAVEN! I loved the German inspiration in this dish and a wonderful surprise on a well rounded menu that is eager to please almost anyone who dines. I've been in a few times now and this is definitely my favorite dish, but wow, I've never been disappointed by anything I've had here. The whole fish is impressive, the risotto is basically savory candy, and the Ribeye is fall off the bone and crazy good! The staff is also some of the best, full of locals who just want to help me have a better experience, not only at their restaurant, but ready with recommendations on other local hot spots. Hannah is a genuinely seductive server, Justin and Courtney are infectious to watch behind the bar, and the managers are always on the floor making sure my experience is exactly what I want it to be! Thank you Kingfish and the people running it, I truly felt cozy, comfortable, and wonderfully satisfied. I will be back very soon!This place is wonderful. I came here for an early dinner Friday with two friends and we had a GREAT time! The food was spectacular as well as the service. We sat at the table closest to the sidewalk. They keep the door open so it was a nice and cool breeze. Couldn't ask for better weather. 
We started off with the happy hour menu. I got the gumbo. It was probably one of the best gumbos I've ever had. My only complaint is that I wanted more. Next time I come I'll definitely get the normal appetizer size. I suggest you do the same. 
For my entree I got the jambalaya risotto. This was the real star. So creamy and perfect in every way. It was very rich so I suggest sharing this with a few people but it is definitely a must have. 
To cut the richness of the risotto I ordered the side dish of the kale salad with some fresh citrus. This was equally as good and I also highly recommend! It's a very unique flavor and definitely a crowd pleaser. 
My friend ordered the salad which was great. Can't remember what it was called but it did have homemade croutons which were REALLY good! 
For dessert we had the foie gras king cake. I wish they had this on their menu all year long and not just for carnival season. I was told they have fun desserts all the time so I'm excited to go back and see for myself! As for this king cake, it was unlike anything I've ever had before. It wasn't too sweet and had a faint foie Gras taste with three big pieces in the middle of the plate. Definitely one of the best king cakes I've ever had. Totally worth the hype! 
They had a great beer and wine selection for happy hour as well. Next time I come I want to try out their cocktails. The table next to us was raving about them throughout dinner! 
The only downside is parking BUT you're in the quarter so that's expected. I suggest ubering to the restaurant! 
As for the service, our waitress was amazing. I wish I could remember her name but she was so friendly and very helpful in navigating through the menu. The food came out at a normal pace. We weren't in a rush so it was perfect. We got to really enjoy ourselves, the food and the great weather.Ask for Justin in the bar!! Attention to detail is shown in every drink made. Craft cocktails!! He's the man!!My husband and I love the Kingfish! They never disappoint! We are from New Orleans and this is our go to spot in the Quarter. 
We've been here on quite a few occasions for brunch, lunch, and dinner. All were excellent meals! 
For brunch one time, we started out with the hush puppies, fried boudin balls, crawfish chowder, and gratin... YUM! Completely with mimosas, of course! All I have to say is fried boudin with cane syrup mustard will change your world! 
Another time, we went for dinner with a few friends from Mississippi who are will be moving to the city soon. They completely fell in love this this place. They ordered the Pulled Pork Nachos.... Cracklin' topped with delicious pulled pork and pimento cheese, I mean what is there NOT to love about this?!? We also go the fish tacos. It's deconstructed, which I love, so you make your own taco. Great to share at a table! The black drum was fresh and seasoned nicely served with a chimichurri and Sriracha aioli! So so so good!!!
Not only is the food fantastic, but they have some of the best cocktails!! My husband judges a bar by their old fashions, and he was not disappointed! We have actually gone there just for an old fashion fix! 
The other weekend bar hopping around the city, we took some out of town friends here for a drink. They ordered a Blueberry Hill and Moscow Mule. They said it was very refreshing, delicious, summer happy all wrapped up in a glass! I had a Pimm's cup, which I think is one of the best, if not the best in the city!food was ok service was very slowwwwww.  nice view and polite staff just slow. too many great options In new Orleans to settleThis bar was great because of the awesome Bartenders, our was Rachel and she made the best Bloody Mary! 
Order a few different drinks and all was good but only the Bloody Mary was the stand out. Pimms cup was refreshing and light, Moscow mule was the only drink I didn't like. 
Here is the highlight of the place... 
Cracklin Nachos with pulled pork: Why did it take so long for drunk people and stoners to make Nachos with pork grinds... The pulled pork was good but the Nacho cheese sauce with the pork grinds was awesome, the only negative was it was a little salty because of the extra seasoning they sprinkled on the grinds.The food was solid, but we had to wait even with a reservation because it is always busy and a small venue. So while you wait, don't forget to stop off with Chris at the bar. He is a gentleman, and makes a great drink called a "Streetcar" (not a sidecar). This is not my most manly cocktail... but not a colorful chick-drink either.So...still on tour in NOLA and grabbed dinner here w the group. We had scallops, duck, a big chopped salad and a pork chop. All around solid. The waitress was a little new but super friendly and funny. ALL of the meals were rock solid. Great atmosphere. 3 1/2 . Woulda been 4 but the meals were a little Luke warm, not hot.Great food and awesome cocktail menu. One of my faves in NOLA. A gem on the French Quarter.This is a hiddin gem.  After talking to the bar tender/mixologist, came to find out they had only been around for 2 years.  The Gumbo is great.  Obviously made with a very dark/black roux.  Had the cacklins, OMFG.  The drinks were also exceptional.  Ate there twice in 2 days and both times had a fantastic experience.So disappointing. It took 25 minutes to get a round of drinks. They forgot the appetizer. When the food finally arrived, they left the bone in the pulled pork sandwich and there was barely any meat. The service was equally bad. Then the manager cops an attitude when we told them respectively how poor the whole experience was. Awful!We came in on a Friday evening and sat at the bar.  The bar staff was attentive and ok, other than that I wished I stayed in line for Royal House.  We basically waited over 45 mins for our main dishes to come out! They gave us a piece of bread and olive oil after we asked how much longer its going to take for our food to come out!  Why didn't we get the bread when we arrived?  Makes no sense to me.  They tried to blame the long wait on the duck breast I ordered.  They said it had to rest before being served, ok, that's fine but the remaining orders from my party didn't need time to "rest".  What absolutely disappointed me was when I got my duck it was rare!  They never asked me how I wanted my duck prepared.  They said duck is served medium rare, I know what medium rare is and my duck was not cooked properly!  I expressed how unhappy I was with my dish and I ended up not eating it.  The entire time the ignorant manager was notified of the long wait and how dissatisfied we all were, she made no personal effort to make amends for her kitchen staff's inability to keep up with orders.  She kept her back turned towards us the entire time, but we clearly knew they were talking about us.  She has no managerial skills and should be replaced since an establishment such as this one needs someone that can manage and keep customers happy.  I left this restaurant unhappy, hungry, and ended up paying for something I didn't eat.  The two stars was for some of the bartenders or else I would leave one star to be nice!Just opened one week ago and the place was hoppin' and definitely happenin'.   Manager Zane went out of his way to make up for a delayed cocktail delivery;  his family operates a number of unique restaurants in NOLA and this is a great spot on Chartres in the French Quarter.  
There's a strong attention to food quality and detail and it shows in presentation and taste, which is superb!
The Elvis movie playing on the flat screen TV was a great change of pace from the sports bar stuff and ends up being fun rather than distracting.  Had a nice jazz combo playing right inside the front door which sets a great mood.Our party of 5 was seated quickly but we waited an hour for our food to be served. We did not get any updates on our food so we just sat there for an hour. After we got our food, one dish was missing and we had to wait an extra 10 minutes for the dish. The dish we were missing was a burger and it came undercooked. We ordered the kale chicken salad, and the chicken was dry and the rice was undercooked.It was just ok. Two in my party had the gumbo and poboy combo...the gumbo was good but the poboy had maybe 2 shrimp on it and were very salty. Service was fairly slow for lunchtime. The shrimp salad was good but again only had three shrimp. The charcuterie had some sausage that was good but the other meats were so salty they were inedible. We weren't offered any bread which was super disappointing. Overall it didn't live up to the hype. Wouldn't go back, other staples in the area have more generous portions and better service.Food was incredible as was the service. I was alone and ate at the bar. The bartenders were great and their recommendations for food and drink were top notch. Definitely would go back!This restaurant appears to very small when you first walk in but it is very spacious. The ambiance is nice and peaceful. I went with a group of five and it was easy to call and get a reservation and walk right in with no wait to be seated. The weekend brunch is a nice touch because who doesn't love a good brunch. The Jambalaya Risotto was AMAZING and very filling. I would recommend that along with the bottomless mimosas special. The waitress poured a LOT of champagne for the mimosas so it was well worth it. The service was okay but the other waitress that helped our main waitress was pleasant (maybe our main waitress was just having a bad day). The manager was nice and overall it was a great time!Just great  fresh food, local flavors. You can tell they really like what they do here.The food here is amazing - well, except the hush puppies. But the blackened shrimp and risotto apps are incredible!!!!!  And the cocktails are inventive and delicious. The bartenders know their craft, and they are super friendly. This would def be my local haunt!!!Amazing food. The pickled crab paws and grits are delicious, but the superstar is the jimbalaya risotto, which is perfection on a plate. We went there twice on our 3 day trip to NOLA, as the risotto is truly fenomenal. Staff is very attentive.Mediocre food. I had to send back the fried chicken that tasted like cardboard. My girlfriend had shrimp and grits and all she could eat was the grits. My other gf asked for duck well done and it was medium rare and chewy as heck.Just cocktails and starters for us here. The cocktails were fantastic but the fries I ordered were simply bad... soggy and cold. and the blue cheese sauce was a watery mess.Justin made this the ultimate NOLA trip. We have been bouncing from bar to bar, and Kingfish by far is the best. Justin knew exactly what we needed. His handcrafted cocktails were the highlight. When you get there, belly up to the bar and ask for Justin. If you like gin, take his tour of cocktails. Or get a proper 007 Vesper. The best in the city by far.Stopped in for a late lunch without a reservation on New Year's Eve. They accommodated us and the food was great! Order anything, it was all good.Very creative and fun dishes. Amazingly friendly staff. We had the pork nachos, the boudin balls, and the Crawfish and artichoke dip. I appreciated the dip the most. The boudin balls could use more flavor. The nachos were just fun, could use more pulled pork on top. I appreciated the drinks, also very creative. Id be back for the drinks and the dip and the friendly people.I rarely write reviews but felt this visit deserved one. The bartenders were great but other than them the service was awful. I ordered the duck jalapeño poppers which were good but the server brought them out and gave them to the people next to me who placed their order 10 minutes after me. When their order came out he asked them if they ordered more which I heard so had to let him know they were mine. About 35 minutes or so passed from when I placed my order and was still waiting on my ribeye steak medium rare. The steak came out well done so I decided to just pay for the poppers and leave. The place wasn't busy at all and not once did a manager come out to assure me my food was coming or apologize about the steak. Like I said the bartenders were great they even went back to the kitchen to check on my order and let them know about giving the food to the wrong person. Everything else just left a bad taste in my mouth.It was very nice, we stopped in for lunch.  The menu and portion size were a great value.  I got the 337 burger, which is buffalo and pork, my girlfriend got a crispy prosciutto salad, the amount of prosciutto was bordering on ridiculous, there was so much.  We got a side of fries with blue cheese fondue, which was also to die for.  Service was spot on, our water and wine glasses were always full, and they were very polite, with the midwaiter stopping to talk to us about our trip in depth.  Highlu recommended.It took over an hour to get our food.  Went for brunch, the stuffed donut holes came out timely,our waitress was reasonably attentive but no explanation why my BBQ shrimp Po Boy and my wife's Couchon Eggs Benedict took over an hour. When we got it, hers was cold and mine was barely 6 inches of sandwich with maybe 6 shrimp.  We decided to try somewhere new as we wander the Quarter frequently on the weekends. Never again will we go to Kingfish.Kingfish is a refreshing change of pace from much of the quarter. It has a contemporary atmosphere while serving old New Orleans classics. 
The alligator wings are a must! I have had alligator before but it is often tough or flavorless. The alligator wings have the perfect blend of sweet and spicy and the meat falls off the bone. 
The waitstaff was attentive and knowledgable and had some great recommendations. Something went wrong with our open table reservation and they were still able to accommodate us! This was shocking given the popularity. 
I ordered the deconstructed pork pot pie. I wasn't sure what to expect but it exceeded any preconceived ideas about what a pot pie should taste like. The potatoes underneath the pie were to die for. 
I would highly recommend the pot de creme for dessert!Chef Greg Sonnier is rocking it at Kingfish! Gumbo is awesome (the dark roux, really thick type), alligator app was delish, and blue cheese fries... YUM! The restaurant is loud, but lively and service was great. Do check it out.Food was amazing 
Had the alligator wings and the special ehhh was scallops and shrimp. 
Service was real friendly and prompt. 
Food was slightly expensive but well well worth it. 
Like Arnold says...ill be back!Went on a Wednesday night as they were one of the only restaurants who had an Open Table reservation for 7PM. Boy was it a pleasant surprise. Our server, Marty, was very friendly. Food was delicious:
Blue Crab Chop - 5 stars
Guava Butter Garlic Fries - 5 stars
Shrimp Gaufre - 6 stars, I wanted to lick the plate
Cedar Plank Gulf Fish - 3 stars, it was a gigantic piece of well-seasoned whitefish on a  cedar plank with a bland side-saladTry the rabbit gumbo and the fries :) I also had my first mint julep here!!!! I like the vibe and this seems like a good spot for a quiet, romantic date.Tried this place on our first night in New Orleans and it was a definite hit. LOVED the alligator dish. Nice atmosphere and good service!It is a solid place to eat Southern dishes. The food is good. The décor is great. The inside of the restaurant looks great. I ordered a fish sandwich and gumbo. The fish was excellent. It was smooth and tender. I really enjoyed the gumbo. It was the first time I tried the dish. It reminds me of congee, which is a rice porridge dish and one of my favorite items at Chinese restaurants. Kingfish also features an alligator dish. I tried a piece and liked it. It is like a very tender, chewy pork.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.We have spent several days here in NOLA and have spent sometime every day at Kingfish. Their happy hour specials drew us in...the bartenders and the beverages kept us coming back!!  I can't speak for a lot of the food here...but I can speak to the service. It is amazing!!  Next time I'm in town, I will be returning...not only for the great beverages and service, but to try the food!!  Kudos Kingfish!!!WOW! YUM! It is a nicer place in the heart of French quarter. Decor is rustic and modern. I loved the gumbo it was very flavorful, although my dad had said he wished it had more seafood. We shared the fresh white fish and it was the best fish I've ever had. The meat was so white you could tell it had come straight from the gulf. It was seasoned well and the vegetable pairing with the walnuts just added amazing flavor. Hats off to the chef!This review is for the bar only. 
I'm upset to see I haven't reviewed them yet because it's one of my favorite bars in New Orleans! They can make any cocktail you want - plus, they are good at it. Everything they make is delicious! They have great signature drinks, or you can ask them to whip you up something off the menu. You literally can't go wrong here. The bartenders are all super friendly, too. 
My favorite drink on the menu is the Sheilavsit (she loves it) with Aperol, lemon, strawberries, and prosecco. It's very refreshing and not too sweet...and BUBBLES!So I have been here twice once on New Years ever which was dabulous with servixe and srinks. But today for brunch bottonless momosas for $12 and the best most foavorfull brunch I have ever had!! I have a degree in Hospitality and this place as far as service, drinks, and meals is as perfect as it gets!! There were waits everywhere else and yet not here and it was a blessing for us!! Never ever skip kingfish for anything else!!! Dinner or brunch!! Best of NOLA!!It was pretty quiet when we popped in on a Saturday morning. 
Visiting from Seattle, we originally thought this was a second location of the Kingfish Cafe, a favorite restaurant of ours back home. We quickly learned that this was not in fact in any way affiliated. This however, turned out to be a really great place! and the best part? Kingfish restaurant has an entire gluten free menu!
Service was so pleasant and we enjoyed chatting up a storm with our server Kevin. 
By reading the reviews, we really wanted the Everyman King Fish but they weren't serving that during breakfast. Bummer. So, we chose with the cat fish tacos and sea bass on a salt block, with a side of cheesy grits and collard greens. My tacos were so delicious. The catfish was perfectly seasoned giving it a twangy kick. It was succulent and a little flaky. Wrong choice of taco shell by the way. It was meant to be hard shell tortillas but it should've been soft shell. They kept on breaking and I used my fork instead. Wasn't a fan of the sea bass. Now on to the grits. It was one of the best thing I've ever tasted. It was cheesy to perfection! Our server mentioned the cheese used is a very special, imported Parmesan cheese. I was never  a big fan of grits until now.
We loved it so much, we wanted to take some home with us.Good happy hour.   Service was a bit slow.    Half price beers (draft and bottle) gave a good range of options.  $5 food options.   Would have given a 4-5 star but had a heck of time finding wait staff to place orders.I went here for a second time for dinner and couldn't help but order the ribeye steak again. The flavor is really unique, and it's paired w/ the guava butter fries. The fries are a little sweet for me, but it's worth trying them if you haven't already. The service was excellent, and it provided a fun ambiance for a family dinner. A parade was happening outside the window, so it all felt very festive. The atmosphere is more upscale than the average restaurant but not white tablecloth-level. Lots of different types/ages of diners and it seems to be a good spot to go if you have a large group. We made a reservation in advance which seemed to be the way to go. I would definitely recommend Kingfish--and try the ribeye!The place is cool l, but when you walk in you can immediately tell that it is geared towards tourists.  The food was ok- but nothing special.  The menu is trying way too hard to be something that it doesn't deliver on.  We ordered several items including the BBQ shrimp waffle and the cracklins.  The shrimp tasted good but it was not traditional New Orleans style BBQ shrimp.  The cracklins were not very good- way over seasoned.  
The drink menu is impressive and some of the cocktails were pretty good.  All in all I think this place needs to stop trying so hard and figure out what it's trying to accomplish. There needs to be less flair and more substance..ok drinks, so so atmosphere..friendly but not-so-knowledgable staff and bland food.I never post anything bad but I had such rude service during happy hour today I just had to comment. I went to Kingfish based on the recommendation for great cocktails and had the worst bartender service. I inquired about the can of cherries from Italy and apparently bothered the red headed waitress so much she turned the can around right in front of me. At least the drinks were great but don't catch her when her shift change is coming up because you will not get good service. She completely misunderstood what I was asking. Fortunately once the shift changed service got better.Probably the best food I've ever had. I've been twice already and I may go back tomorrow. The Kingfish dish is amazing and so is the Junky Chicken. It has a syringe to inject all of its juices back into it; which is cool. The drinks are also clever and tasty. Would keep coming for sure.Delicious food & cocktails and friendly, attentive service! My friend and I really enjoyed our girls' night out here.Hook and line was excellent and collard greens was awesome. Great place to eat. Definitely recommend.This is the place!! In a town like New Orleans there are many good options. This was the best meal we had during a stay. The restaurant is gorgeous. Beautifully decorated with exposed brick and pewter. Sort of minimalist, but not. We had gumbo, duck jalapeño poppers and then split the steak. We were stuffed and happy. Perfect flavors. Healthy portions and wonderful drinks. The serve was also attentive. We went to a highly rated place the night before and waited an hour for two appetizers. Not here. Kingfish is a must!This restaurant was very disappointing. The first thing we noticed was that the air was stagnant and warm. So, we asked for a table in a cooler area of the restaurant. Management said there was none.  
Next, the water was brought to us in a very small glass (see picture) and the water was room temperature. When we asked for a larger glass with ice 5- 10 minutes later, we were told that they were out of them. We were bewildered because glasses are washed and re-used. 
About 5 minutes after ordering cocktails, appetizers, and dinner, we asked if they serve bread. They said yes, but the customer has to ask for it. Pretty strange when the table is set with bread plates. When it didn't come out, we asked another server to bring it. We then learned that they had none left. 
We ended up leaving 45 minutes after we got seated, and none of the food had been delivered. We were hot and very frustrated. I told the lady helping us, who had a great attitude and felt terribly, that we wanted to leave, and told her to bring the check. 
We paid for our drinks and left. Awful!!As I was wondering the streets of New Orleans, I popped into this little wonder! All the shopping worked up an appetite and thirst.
The Prohibition Punch of the day was vodka, ginger, honey and if they would have sold me the pitcher or recipe I would have paid hundreds $$ for it. 
Then, Adam, the bartender, recommended the pork tacos... is it appropriate to actually lick the plate and cry at the same time? SO DAMN GOOD~ A MUST TRY when you visit!!!!! 
Great atmosphere, great food and a repeat place for sure!!!!There was a massive rainstorm going one. King Fish was quiet and sedate,  but my bartender, an older gentlemen there on Thursdays, was amazing! He talked to me about everything NOLA. My mint julep was amazing! Then he made me his own personal cocktail! Totally amazing! Then I had another drink- like a gimlet or something. I didn't feel the effects right away but later on the night I felt it, Awesome! My salad was amazing and I got to talk to the long time chef originally from NYC! Nice atmosphere! Cool people! Really nice vibe!This is such a great experience. Server was amazing, food was great!   Happy hour was lagniappe!  Will Devi I rely be back!Wow what a great surprise.   Drinks were very good.   Risotto jambalaya was mind blowing.   We ordered a second one.   Collard greens yummers.   Fried chicken was just ok.  The star of the plate was the street corn.   Very nice atmosphere.  Service was phenomenal - props to Angelina.  Great time!!!Went here to celebrate a friends 50th birthday. First of all the bar service was great! Happy hour from 5:30-8:30. Nice prices.
Our meals were over all pretty good. I had the jambalaya risotto as a starter. Had I known it was going to be so good, I would have ordered a double portion and had it for my dinner. It had a great spicy flavor. My husband had the alligator wings. They were just ok. Friends started with the crawfish au gratin. They loved it!
For dinner I had the scallop fettuccine. Scallops were nicely seasoned, but the pasta sauce was a bit bland. I tasted a friends shrimp and grits and immediately had food envy! My husband had the steak with the street corn. Which was very good. Another person ordered the paella. It looked very good.This was my first stop in NOLA for happy hour and was absolutely great! The boudin balls and gumbo were delicious! Bar area was clean and definitely will be returning!It's a thousand degrees at 5ish on a Friday afternoon in the French Quarter, and you want a refreshing adult beverage.  The sign at Kingfish advertises half-price beer and wine for happy hour.  
So, I go in with a pal, sit at a table, and wait for a server. A guy drops off one drinks menu (for two people) and trots off.   It's about a thousand degrees indoors, too.  There are five people milling around behind the bar doing god-knows-what.  I finally get up, go to the bar, order, and eventually get a glass of wine and a beer.  Forever later, the server runs my credit card.  Finally, a refreshing adult beverage.  It's fine.  Canebrake is good beer.  My pal's glass of wine is good.  But it is seriously like 85 degrees in there and we start sticking to our chairs.  If I'm going to pay ten bucks for two half-priced drinks, then I would really like some air conditioning.  By the time we left, it was cooler *outside* than in.  
I think the servers were changing shifts, so there was a lack of communication, and it didn't kill me to walk three steps and order my own drinks.  I don't recall being offered a food menu at all. The joint looks nice, they've certainly spent money fixing it up, but on the whole I was unimpressed.  If someone wanted to go there and the weather was nice, I'd go with them, but I don't plan on going back of my own volition.Great food! Jambalaya risotto, boudin balls, collared greens, and duck breast were excellentWhat a great place! During our stay we went daily for happy hour plus a few nights. Angelica was our server and did an absolutely fantastic job. She made our experience terrific and she is a great server! 
Happy hour is daily 2 or 3 to 7. They have a happy hour menu and a great charcuterie board. The desserts are all outstanding as well. Loved the location also.It is a little more than we wanted to spend for lunch (we spent $100 on lunch) but we admit we ordered way too much in the first place! Ha. We started with a Pimm's Cup and split the cheddar hushpuppies, the gumbo and also indulged in their delicious bread! Then I got the fish tacos and my bf got the chicken dish. Both were exquisite. They sat us at the window so we could watch passersby. Cozy and great music. I noticed some general "messiness" at a nearby table, and when the busboy came to clean it he merely wiped the crumbs onto the ground.Stopped for lunch at bar. Only one other table occupied. Ordered soup and glass of wine. Extremely small cup of ok bisque, no bread and no utensils. After asking for bread for a second time it finally arrived a full 15 minutes later. Won't be backOur other food was good, but I fantasize about their cheese grits on the regular.  They seriously taste like mac and cheese in grit form.  Husband thought he wasn't a grit fan until he had these.
We sat at the bar and enjoyed friendly, prompt, and informative service.  The space is hip and dimly lit with a bar that wraps around the front and into the back dining room.  In addition to grits, we shared the shrimp and okra appetizer (served in a cast iron skillet) and the kingfish on a salt block with collard greens.  This was our first night in NOLA and great intro to city's delicious gulf coast cuisine.  
In addition to a happy hour Canebrake from Parish Brewing, I had a French Pearl cocktail (Plymouth gin, lemon, Herbsaint, and mint) and husband enjoyed his first Sazerac (in a series of many) in the city.
Because Kingfish is on Chartres, it seemed less touristy and hypey than many of the other restaurants in the quarter.  If you're looking for somewhere low-key yet delicious for happy hour into dinner, this is a great spot.Great service and great food. Bottled wine prices are quite the bargain. Loved our server and all his suggestions.Compari Mojito is tasty! But the service.... PHENOMENAL! Mauricio was perfection! Food outstanding!! Sausage wontons, fried green tomato salad, and the prosciutto wrapped shrimp were on point! Can't wait to go back :)Great bar and bartenders!  Friendly and fun to talk too.
Service - 3.5 / 5
Décor - 4 / 5
Food - 4 .5 / 5
Selection - 4 / 5 
EnjoyFun atmosphere. Great Pimm's cup!! A welcome change from the craziness of Bourbon StreetAngelena was beyond great. The food was great. Not a single complaint about my entire experience whatsoever