The service is kinder, the poke salad is gone, and more rolls to soothe the American palate than ever. Does every menu in town have to pander to a damn football team?
Props to the female sushi chef behind the counter. Even in the 21st century, that's a rarity.I have to agree with several people who reviewed Kyoto previously. Decent food, lame service.  We came in late afternoon and placed a pretty substantial order to try several items between the two of us, I recommend the double mushroom rolls- hint the wasabi sauce is already in them- so sinus-clearlingly yummy! Our waitress was terrible. At the beginning of the meal it was obvious she clearly didnt like the fact that we were going to keep her from her sidework and getting out of there as soon as lunch was over. The few things we asked for seemed like impositions- like a fork for example, geez. Another waiter bussed our table and brought our food, she happened to stop by when we were pretty much done (over 30 mins later) to see if we wanted a refill in our empty glasses. When she asked if we needed anything else she even just let all the main meal dirty dishes just sit there so she could get the check to us faster.  Try the Duncan rolls, the BBQ squid, and the double mushroom rolls. Pass on the house salad- it looks like the yummy ginger dressing you get at most sushi houses, but tastes like orange italian dressing. Not what you expect when you take a bite. Pass on the grilled fish with vegetables. The salmon was a little dry (but did still taste good) and completely covered in what was supposed to be vegetable(S) in teriyaki sauce. It was pretty much all onions and about three small pieces of broccoli.   I think I will keep to my usual sushi haunts in the future.I could eat here every night of the week if my wallet would allow me! This is the best sushi I have had in New Orleans! 
My girlfriend and I always start the eating off with the Poke Salad. Its better than any salad that I have ever had. Tuna, crab, cucumber, avocado, seaweed, squid, and asparagus. Very tasty! As for rolls; Sara, Ashley, the hot box, dynamite, and the crunchy!
The service is good and the sake is hot! If you looking for sushi, hit up Kyoto.POKE SALAD. That's all I've had from Kyoto and it needs to happen again. It's a slice of sushi heaven. The poke salad (a meal, not an actual salad) is a compilation of tuna, crabstick, cucumber, avocado, seaweed salad, squid salad,asparagus, and spicy chili dressing. The serving size was large, but since I have zero self-control, I finished almost all of it. The atmosphere is casual and the service is great; Steph was our waitress and she was friendly and personable and timely. After, I walked over to Kingpin to grab a beer, as if I wasn't stuffed enough. The food was affordable, I think mine was only $10. I haven't had anything else from there, but I will definitely go back, at least to see Steph and order a Poke Salad.Went here this evening with my gf. Been to this location once before. Sushi is pretty good quality for the area. Last time we sat at the sushi bar where we were entertained by an elderly female sushi chef (a first for us!)
This evening we sat in the back room. A bit awkward and out of the way. Got four rolls to share. Spicy tuna was the consensus favorite. Problem was that we order gyoza dumplings that failed to come out as an app until after we finished eating the rolls. 
Would still go back but hope the service is a tad better.Still my fave sushi place...maybe it's partially since I can walk there. And I feel like Norm! when I walk in.  Sometimes the fish is not cut as precisely as it should be but it's always fresh.  And the seaweed udon is E's comfort staple. 
The table under the stairs is awful and the very back room is super loud so avoid those if you can.  
If only they had inari then all would be right with the world...I love Kyoto. It's the best sushi in town. The staff are awesome and they have really great rolls. The funky Margarita roll is fantastic. The poke salad is great. The udon soups are delicious.Really a poor excuse for a sushi/sashimi place. Other menu items are more tolerable. I'm not entirely sure where the sushi chefs at Kyoto obtained the idea of separating pieces of sashimi with lemon, but it completely ruins the fish. The citric acid cooks the fish while it awaits for you to taste it. Therefore, most pieces if fish end up either mushy or completely rubbery. Furthermore, the only taste that greets your palette is the overpowering taste of citrus. Disappointing. To cap it all off, service is mediocre.Preface: I am not a sushi person for a number of reasons: Price, aesthetics, and taste (which all equivocates to quality). So I hate paying for so-so sushi...unless it is Worth it.
But Kyoto's is probably my favorite place to get sushi. Presentation is solid or should I say gi-mong-ous. Their crunchy roll is the Shaq of sushi, dominant in size and amazing in taste. 
Their eel box (although $20) comes as two rolls, looks like Jessica Simpson but with the voice of Aguiela, lol. Weird reference, I know but it's an amazing combination. 
Their dynamite and rainbow roll are equally as delectable. If I could post the pics of all the food I ate, you would need a bib b/c your computer would be submerged in drool. Bam. 
So all in all, I would definitely recommend this place even though I am not a true-sushi person (hence I would give it a S-t-r-o-n-g 4 out of 5). 
P.s. There are special rolls listed on the wall. Make sure to read it b/c they have things like the Who-Dat Roll and the Ceviche Roll. BTW, my wait on a summer Thursday night took an hour.  I guess the wait might be worth it. Peace.  
As an addendum, I've been to both locations of Sake Cafe, the one uptown and the Kenner. Both are solid but I would rate them a 3 or maybe a low 4 out of 5.good stuff. I've loved everything i've ordered from here. The Poke Salad is a bit addictive.The food was great as always. The service, however, was rude and condescending. Kyoto is open until 10:30. My wife and I walked in at 9:15 on a Friday night, greeted some friends who happened to be at the bar, sat down, and were greeted by a server who apparently hasn't smiled since he found out Kermit the Frog is made of felt. Eyes were rolled, dishes were rushed, and disdain was barely contained, all for the sin of daring to walk into a neighborhood restaurant on a Friday night after sunset. We have lived in the neighborhood for five years and have been to Kyoto dozens of times. We will probably be back. I can only hope our server won't be.I saw they had smoked salmon rolls. Wow, that's the same stuff you get in the supermaket. I'm still on the hunt for actual sushi.Unreal. Period. My wife and I have traveled the world in search of good sushi. This is the best sushi in New Orleans, and we've been to every sushi restaurant in New Orleans at least three times. Generous rolls, fresh fish every time, and creative presentation. You can't beat it. Great service, but don't come here for some sort of ambience. And one of the best desert locations (creole creamery) is next door, to boot. Get the funky margarita role, with dynamite, not crawfish, and thank us later. I'm jealous that you are reading this and have the opportunity to go to this world class establishment. Enjoy.Disgusting. No. For real. Someone told me Kyoto 2 in Metry is the best. So I figured why wouldn't Kyoto 1 be good? It wasn't. I almost can't eat sushi again. Grow up New Orleans sushi and stop serving crap.There was a roach on the wall, and some gnats flying around our food.  Everything else was great. Get the poke salad.Delicious sushi; I'm especially a fan of the poke salad and the free miso soup you get if you sit at the bar. Would have gotten 5 stars if it were not for the crappy service I got the last couple of times I ate here. Our waitress  was super slow and inexplicably kind of rude. Since Kyoto doesn't split checks--I wish they would at least write how much each item costs on the receipt!--we did the credit card math for her and wrote down exactly how much to put on each card. Despite having done all the math for her, it took ages to get our cards back, and when she finally dropped it off, she did so without saying a word to us. 
While this hasn't totally ruined my love for Kyoto, I may reconsider going back if we continue to get the same dismissive service.The smallest sushi menu I think I've ever seen. Been here twice and both times was a let down. The sushi is good but small rolls. The service is TERRIBLE. We sat at a table the first time and sushi bar the second. Both ways it took a good 30-45 minutes to get our sushi... SUSHI mind you! That's usually the fastest food! Not worth your time until they extend the menu and get more sushi chefs-or do something about this horribly slow, unfriendly service.Great veggie roll, edamame, and spring rolls.  My biggest complaint is that their rolls seem to fall apart.  Like on the way to your mouth fall apart.  The food tastes fresh, it's fast, and good service.  The poke salad is insane, highly recommended.This is my favorite sushi restaurant in the city by far. I know good sushi...and the rice is important. I wouldn't say their sushi is amazing, but they cook and prepare rice properly and that by itself earns 4 stars (considering we're in New Orleans). The fish is fresh and everything I've ordered has been great. The ambiance is perfect for a sushi restaurant - casual, relaxed, great for any night of the week.
This is probably the closest to real sushi you can get in the city. I'm so happy Kyoto exists in New Orleans! If you're used to real sushi and have been unsuccessful in finding decent sushi, check out Kyoto. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.I really don't know how this place is still in business. There are no Japanese people making sushi and the service is very lackluster. You don't get the hi from all the sushi bar guys that you normally get, they act like they can't be bothered.I went here three years ago and loved it. When I went back last weekend, it was a completely different experience. First off, the restaurant was not crowded at all. We waited about 45 minutes for a table and then the wait for the food and the bill were even longer. The food was nothing to be desired. The crunchy roll wasn't great and neither was the salad we ordered. The Desiree roll was pretty good, but def not worth the long wait. Best part was that the creole creamery is next door, so dessert was good!Been waiting over 40 minutes for four rolls. Terrible service. When I asked what the hold up was our waitress said, "Oh I know no one told y'all there was going to be a hold up. Everyone is ordering sushi." You should be ready be prepared to make sushi since you are a sushi restaurant.poke salad, sara roll, sushi to die for. dont believe the 3.5 star rating. this is one of the best in nola. i have lived in nola for nearly 20 years and there are numerous good sushi places. Hana, kyoto are two of my favoritesFood overall: 4 stars
Price value: 4 stars
Fish Quality: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars
Cleanliness: 4 stars
Atmosphere: 3 stars
Location: 5 stars (I'm in this part of Uptown often, and it's right next door to Creole Creamery!)
I've only been here twice during dinner service. No major issues. Okay sushi for NOLA. Fun for a date night.This is probably my favorite sushi place to sit down with friends. It always has a great atmosphere and the servers usually know what's up. Great sushi. Downside? I don't think I've ever come here without a wait. However, the guy who takes your name always offers you a drink - so problem solved!
My favorite is the poke salad. It's cucumber, squid salad, asparagus, avocado, tuna, and I always sub snow crab for the crab stick. As for extra siracha if that's what you're into (I definitely am!). Although you can find this under the sushi rolls and it's dubbed a salad- its massive and can definitely be split or maybe even serve as a meal. 
The miso soup here is really different than most other sushi restaurants- it has mushrooms. It's good, but i'm not gushing about it. All of the rolls are delicious and the rice is always done perfectly. I usually go for the duncan roll and add some tuna. They are always flexible about what you want on your rolls- a plus! 
Saw Alan Arkin last time I was here. NBD, just eating some damn good sushi.Went for lunch today.  Apps were not bad.  But we ordered two specialty rolls at $15 -$16 a pop,  the Yum Yum Roll and the Hot Box.  My bad for not talking photos.  The fish on the rolls was cut thinner than paper, both in terms of thickness and width. If a roll slice was a cm wide,  it had maybe 1/3 cm of fish on it (about the size of shredded cabbage),  and about the same amount of avocado.  And both the avocado and fish were incomprehensibly thinly sliced. The 8 pieces combined maybe had as much fish as a normal restaurant would put on a single piece.  And that was the case with both rolls.  Used to like the place,  but I will not be back. Very disappointing.Kyoto was really great service and a clean restaurant. We had great attentive service, they seated us right away and were super friendly. 
The sushi was pretty good, but definitely ask to get cut into a long roll, otherwise they come in 5 huge pieces, which makes it very difficult to eat in one bite. Next time I will know and to do that. 
The atmosphere is okay, its got some weird décor seating is very close together and its pretty dim on the light end of things. 
All in all not a bad place by any means, but probably won't be my first recommendation on a sushi place.The sushi is excellent, but this is THE place in New Orleans for udon.  Nebayaki Udon here is SO awesome.It's so rare that I go to a sushi restaurant and not order rolls, but my friend insisted that I would love the poke salad. LOVE is an understatement! It came piled high with avocado, asparagus, cucumbers and ahi and a big smiley face in siracha sauce. The portion size was filling for dinner and could easily be split as an appetizer. Best part was, my dinner salad cost $9! Believe the hype people and try the salad. 
My friend got the seafood combo cucumber salad that was also super delicious and I would definitely recommend that as well.
I found the servers to be prompt and attentive. Sitting at the bar, the chefs kept us stocked on ginger and it's always enjoyable to watch the art of sushi rolling.Decent, not spectacular. A lot of the more inexpensive rolls are chopped up fish mixed with mayo--not the most appealing. The atmosphere is nice, the location is good, and the staff is friendly. The sushi is good and can fulfill any cravings, but there is better to be had around the city.I love Kyoto!!  It's definitely one of my favorites in the city.  The Sara roll and the Desiree roll are my favorite, but I also always get the sunomono salad with seafood combo.  
Kyoto has a great New Orleans family restaurant atmosphere while still having authentic Japanese charm.  
The only drawback is that it is a bit on the pricy side compared to other sushi spots, but it's worth it!!I don't pretend to have any particular knowledge when it comes to sushi or Japanese food.  The closest thing I ever got to "authenticity" was by pointing-to-order sushi and a (too big...) bottle of saki at the Narita airport during a layover.  But I like Kyoto - one dish in particular.  I give them the silver medal in the cold seafood dish category for their squid salad (after Domenica's octopus carpaccio - gold medal for sure).  I order the squid salad every time I eat there.  Great flavor, with a judicious restraint shown in their application of the sesame oil/ red chili dressing.Kyoto is the perfect neighborhood spot to enjoy incredibly tasty rolls and bump into friends, neighbors, and clients.  I love the Sara and the Jones rolls, and the Desiree roll which I only have occasionally is a true treat.The sushi here is so bland! I can't believe it has good Yelp reviews. I'm amazed. I got the ceviche and duncan roll and both were below average.Kyoto is my local sushi place so I thought I'd give this place another try, but my most recent experience was disappointing. I placed an order for takeout and was told it would take 45 minutes. I figured they were extremely busy but when I came in, the restaurant was nearly empty. 
My "fresh yellowtail roll" did not deliver on the promise of freshness, at least not as far as I could taste. I'll update this review if crippling food poisoning kicks in, but so far I feel okay. 
I also ordered a dynamite roll, but subbed avocado for asparagus. Half of the 6 tiny pieces were just "spicy" tuna (which wasn't spicy, it just tasted like ginger-flavored tuna),no avocado to be found. 
The prices do not make this place a good value. 
But the most dismaying part was the absence of wasabi and ginger in my takeout box. I've never had to specify that I'd like those items to be included...it's one of those things that goes without saying. Sushi without wasabi is not sushi I want to eat. 
Chiba, Sake Cafe II and Origami have much fresher fish--I feel that these places are much more trustworthy in terms of quality and freshness. Furthermore, Chiba and Sake Cafe have unbeatable happy hours, making their sushi occasionally affordable. 
I wanna give Kyoto credit for one thing though: I like the simplicity of the menu offerings. I would recommend Kyoto to someone who is horrified by tempura-fried, cream cheese-stuffed rolls drizzled with mango sauce and things of that ilk. You know, American sushi. Their rolls are much more straight to the point. Pretty much just rice and seaweed and fish, if that's your thing. 
Anyway, my sushi craving hasn't been satisfied so I'm feeling kinda bummed. Next time I'll go somewhere else.Excellent sushi rolls. They have the basics, but also offer creative daily special rolls as well. Great spot to check out for lunch or dinner.The rolls are not as good as some other places in town, but then again, the prices at Kyoto is also cheaper.
Sashimi is great, definitely better than what some restaurants on st.charles (wink wink) offers. Their sashimi appetizer is a great deal--for $14 you get a whole variety of sashimi and crab sticks.
Their poke salad is wonderful--although i would hope for less cucumber and more seaweeds.Excellent casual sushi!  This place is not fancy, not trendy, but serves good sushi at a good price.
Get the Poke salad!Decent sushi, but honestly--the menus were so filthy and stained--like they went through the flood , that I didn't want to touch them. The place has peeling paint, dirty chair rails, depressing dark red walls, ugly plastic chinese print dishes--it is such a horrific atmosphere. There are some great, clean, fresh-looking sushi places in town, and ultimately, it's more than just the food when you eat sushi. I hope someone there reads these things and brings that place in to the 21st century....I love Kyoto. I think they have some of the best value, freshest, and tastiest sushi in NOLA. They have a really cook sushi bar which is always a plus. You should definitely take an opportunity to sit at the sushi bar because it is one of the best in the city. The poke salad will totally set you meal off just right. It is the perfect starter and is hugely delicious. I've also just gotten the sashimi dinner and was not disappointed. The fish is varied, super fresh, and expertly cut. Do not pass up Kyoto when craving a sushi night. Amazing.This used to be our go-to sushi place for years - especially for the Poke Salad. Tonight was strike three and I do not think we will be going back. Strike one was about a month ago: our rolls were falling apart, the service was super slow, and the food wasn't great. We assumed it was an off night, and because of our loyalty went back a few weeks later. Again, the food was off, we saw a cockroach crawl out from behind the sushi bar, and the service was slow. Tonight was the grand finale and strike three. Our poke salads were missing seaweed, and when we brought this to our waiter's attention, the sushi chef yell "I put it in there." It was also missing squid salad and ginger, but we didn't bring that up for fear of another hell storm from the chef.  In addition to our slow and lacking food,  we were made to feel like we were a burden simply by being there. 
We are sad to give up these Poke salads (especially the properly made ones of the past), but strike three and you're out Kyoto.Salmon Roe was good and the sea urchin but all the rice rolls we ordered were sloppy and the rice did not seem freshIf the service was lousy, the atmosphere unpleasant, and most of the dishes on the menu inedible, I'd still give Kyoto five stars.  Why? Because THAT'S HOW GOOD THE POKE SALAD IS.
But the staff is friendly, the prices are reasonable and in line with expectations, the accommodations are pleasantly snuggly, and the rest of the menu is quite good.
I have returned many times over the past four years, and will continue to do so.The food is not bad but they have a huge bug problem, there were roaches crawling all over the wood paneling on the wall by our table, literally coming out of the woodwork. We told the hostess on our way out and she did not seemed surprised as though this has been a problem for them in the past. They barely apologized and did not give us our meal free or a gift card. No matter what the food is like, this is unacceptable for any restaurant and they really should not even be open until they have controlled this issue.Came here while on a bachelorette party in town.  They were able to accommodate our large party, which was a major plus.  I will say, i am pretty particular in what i like and don't like when it comes to sushi.  I only eat tuna or salmon, so that already limits my options.  While here I got the funky margarita roll.  It was really good - my only complaint (which normally should never be a complaint) was the pieces of fish on top of the roll were huge!  They were basically the same size as the pieces that are just fish on rice so I had a lot of difficulty eating these without making a mess.  They tasted delicious, I just prefer to be able to pop each piece in my mouth and not worry about having to cover my entire face as I attempt to chew.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals so it was a good choice.Staffed by an anonymous crew of ninja-outfitted college boys for whom this is obviously their very first job, and they only took it because Mom & Dad cut off the allowance. Tolerable sushi  - the fish itself was good, the rice too sweet and had an odd flavor, and the rolls were over-rich. Sucky tempura. The least "Japanese" sushi place I have eaten at.Just had the yellowfin tuna roll and funky margarita roll takeout. Wait was long (45 mins), but sushi was delicious. Large portions and fresh tuna. Worth the waitMy chief complaint of Kyoto is that it is FREEZING, so cold that I can barely sit through a meal. Aside from that, though, it is a wonderful restaurant. The sushi is delicious, and I especially love the poke salad. 
Just don't wear shorts and a tank-top.I haven't had much sushi since ive moved to NOLA but I'm a big fan of this place. Definitely come backI wasn't expecting to eat good sushi while I was down south, but this place exceeded my expectations. I ate a variety of their rolls and really enjoyed the crunchy roll and rock n roll roll. Service was good too... and enjoyable atmosphere.absolutely disgusting. the absolute worst sushi i've ever had.  the pieces were too big to eat in one bite, the spicy tuna was brown and absolutely unappetizing my friend and i ordered two rolls of it and ate only one piece. the crab was gross and looked like it had mayonaise in it. almost never want to eat sushi again after this bad experienceHands down, best sushi in the city, IMO.  Everything is always delicious.  I find their rolls are on the larger side so I always feel like I'm getting a little extra for my money.  Whether or not that's true, I don't really care.  That's just how I feel.  I can't really put my finger on what it is about their sushi that stands out to me, but maybe that's a good thing.  A little mystery that keeps me coming back.  It seems like once you've tried a few sushi restaurants you've tried them all, but Kyoto stood out to me.  You don't have to order a fancy roll to be wowed.  Even the old standards are exceptional.  Their crunchy rolls are delicous.
The restaurant itself is small, but not cramped.  It feels cozy, and the service is good.  Very friendly wait staff!
Bonus: they're right next door to Creole Creamery.  Just sayin'.This was recommended to me by co-workers and several clients. While New Orleanians eat copious amounts of fish, sushi is not one of categories high on the list. I walked into Kyoto fairly early, and the place was almost full. I found a seat at the bar, and asked the blond dude for omakase. (wait for it....wait for it...) He said, 'HUH? What's THAT?!?!' 
I grumbled, 'Never mind.' He turned to the Asian guy to his right, who deftly explained what I had requested. That white boy gave me such a dumbfounded look that I thought I had asked him to father my children in Japanese. On the plus side, sitting at the bar was my server from Sake cafe, who very friendly and kind enough to tell me some places to have decent varites of asian foods. Sadly, they all require a car, as the closest are in Metairie...BUT, I digress...
So...even sitting at the sushi bar, you still have to deal with the wait staff. All 3rd tier hipster dudes, no wait staff finesse, and rush you into ordering everything. 
The fish is fresh, but the menu concentrates all far too many gooped-up, sauce-laden rolls, and the guys behind the bar don't or won't take the time to tell you what's new, what's in season, etc.
AND! That horrible lighting! It's a restaurant. We're not playing bingo.Good enough for this American white boy. I'm sure many sushi snobs will tell you Kyoto is very Americanized sushi and there are other places that are more traditional. Well, that may be, but their food is really good. Great for a dinner date with your sweetheart (dinner with drinks runs you about $100). I've tried Ninja and Sushi Bros., once. Not a patch. It's usually packed here, but I don't recall any exorbitant waits.My favorite sushi place in the world. I love it. I love the same serves that have been there for years, I love the unchanging but always clean decor, I love the febreeze in the bathroom. I love it.
Now a word of advice: unless you like HUGE rolls that fall apart and you can't wrap your mouth around, order them in 8 pieces. Just write it next to the roll. 8 pc. It's the way to go.
That being said, everything is awesome. My go to is the Sara Roll - it's basically a crunchy with avocado, but they put Sriracha on top. I'm so there. The Funky Margarita is awesome too, and the one that have the avocado on the outside. 
The gyoza dumplings are AMAZING, the sauce is tangy and awesome and I love the cabbage on the bottom. They always give you a lot of edamame. 
I've never gotten any of their tempura/teriyaki things, so I can't speak about that.Novio and I have eaten great sushi in New Orleans, New York, Puerto Rico, and Japan(Disney World's Epcot version). Kyoto is our place to go when in New Orleans, parking is scarce so arrive earlier than you plan to. It is very quaint and has a short but great menu. Combined, Novio and I eat three orders of sushi: Rock n'Roll, Miami Roll, and California Roll. We've tried the majority of their rolls, and these have made top of the list. It's not too expensive and there are always people there. The best part is that after your sushi you can walk next door to Creole Creamery for desert!This was the first sushi I tried after being in New Orleans, and I was a bit skeptical, but it was truely so good. My boyfriend and I shared the Spicy Shrimp, Rock & Roll, Miami, Special Eel, and the Cruncy rolls and all were really great. I highly reccomend the Rock & Roll and Crunchy Roll....you won't be disappointed! The Duncan and Sara roll shouldn't be passed up either. 
Take out makes this place 5 stars. 
Good atmosphere...very relaxed and casual, and service was good, and fast.
Peeee Essss
If you're ever on the West Coast you have to try Sapparo in Monterey (at the fishermans wharf), hands down the best sushi. And you have to try the house sauce. Mmmmmm.Went here tonight to check out a new sushi place, and we werent disappinted. it's pretty small and cozy so we sat at the sushi bar to get fast service. We got complimentary miso soups for being at the sushi bar, and the miso was delicious, with small mushrooms in it. 
we ordered the tempura squid which was like their take on calimari, pretty yummy, but got soggy fast. 
the funky margharita roll with dynamite was really good and pretty big. we almost didn't finish the whole thing!
We also got what seemed to be a house specialty because we'd seen about 5 orders leave the sushi bar before we ordered ours--the Poke Salad. Its basically a big pile of every salad they make combined together and is delicious, a little slimy, and better shared. 
overall a good restaurant and we will be returning!Horrible. I have friends that rave about this place and have also read good reviews, so maybe it has gone downhill recently.
I have been here twice, the first time was simply mediocre, but the second time it was horrendous. My green tea came out so hot that the server couldn't hold the glass, which caused him to drop the glass on the table, almost spilled on me! 
-Gyoza were only pan fried on one side, very dry, they tasted old. 
-Hamachi Kama was lackluster and slightly fishy, very small portion too. 
-On the yellowtail nigori, the rice was undercooked to the point that it still had crunch to it, they also smeared Wasabi all over the rice, but the fish itself was decent. 
-In fact, all the sushi rice was pretty bad; it was very bland and not very soft and sticky like it should be. 
-Octopus nigori was not cleaned property and very chewy, also had the Wasabi smeared all over the rice. 
We also had 3 other rolls, none of them were particularly good. Also, what is up with that giant vagina shaped decoration on the wall in the dining room. Weird.
Definitely save yourself from being disappointed, go to Mikimoto or Asuka insteadOh Kyoto, how I adore thee. You must recognize my face by now, as I visit you so frequently and cannot help but always order the same rolls because I find them so droolworthy.
Kyoto Sushi bar, a small homey restaurant in Uptown New Orleans, on Prytania, is always busy and is always a favorite for New Orleans sushi. Being a vegetarian, it is sometimes hard for me to find something other than a simple veggie roll at a sushi place, but Kyoto offers many options. Though I cannot personally speak for the fish here, many of my friends love Kyoto for the fish sushi, especially the Pokey Salad, Sarah Roll, Popeye Roll, and Crunchy Roll. (they do have really good crunchies.)
It's reasonably priced for really great sushi. The miso soup is flavorful, the edamame steamed perfectly and served hot, green teas, or GIANT soft drinks are always good starters. Kyoto has a lot of interesting beers from which to choose, as well. 
I always love the tamago sashimi, which is a slightly sweet egg custard mini-omelette over rice and wrapped in seaweed. I've had the double mushroom roll, but as I can't usually  handle too much wasabi, I usually opt for something less spicy. The double mushroom roll has a creamy wasabi marinade they must put on the mushrooms. It's good, but a little too spicy for me.  I always get the Slow-Ya Roll, minus the tobiko style (no fish eggs for me!), which comes shaped like a large caterpillar. It's a large vegetable roll, with avocado, carrots, sprouts, pickled radish, and cucumber on in the inside, seaweed paper rolled over that, with a white sushi rice rolled over that. It's then topped with large slices of avocado and topped with a sweet brown sauce. Hummina hummina... that is $6.95 for that one roll, but it's enough to fill you up with maybe one order of the sashimi, which comes in two pieces.
If you don't like sushi, like my mother, you can get something else from their varied menu. My mom loves their vegetable tempura, and the udon soups are large with lots of noodles. Though I haven't tried any of their teriyaki grilled dishes, they smell amazing and even if I had already eaten, could very easily be tempted to order again. 
Their sushi is the kind you wish would never end. It's like each bite is so wonderful, you just want to keep eating until you pop. Price wise, it's pretty decent, maybe $3.50-$7.00 a roll, depending on what you order.
In large parties, beware, it can be hard to get a table because the place is so tiny, and the check is not itemized, which can be tricky when splitting the bill.
The waiters are okay, sometimes you get lucky and get the good ones that are attentive and quick, and other times you get stuck with the airheaded slow-poke who forgets to take your drink order for 30 minutes. 
It can get pretty crowded at night, so don't expect to be seated right away around 7:00 pm, you'll have to wait, but it's worth it. There are tables, as well as the sushi bar and beverage bar that are available to be seated at and eat your meal. I love the back room, which is a little more secluded for larger parties, with cute stained glass windows. 
It's my favorite place to get sushi, so g'head and try it.
Would I go again? YOU BETI have been going to Kyoto for a long time, and it is still my favorite sushi in the city.  They were one of the firsts to offer creative rolls like the crunchy roll, tabo roll, and junya roll.  The staff are awesome and friendly. They are always quick to refill green tea.   I love the mushroom appetizer salad - toasted mushrooms, avocado, asparagus and cucumber in a wasabi dressing.  SO delicious.   The sushi is very fresh and the rice is just the right texture.  I also love the house salad and the spring rolls.  They are also nice about special requests, something that is very nice.   The sushi chefs are well trained and meticulous.  It is great that there is a woman behind the bar--she holds her own.Uninspired Americanized "sushi" AKA haphazardly cut up raw fish!  Got the sashimi dinner.  Miso soup was salty and full of MSG.  The portions for the sashimi was large...but a lot of mediocre fish (where there were multiple pieces still has bones in them!!!) does not make it a good sushi experience!  The only thing semi tasty (still not really sushi the way Japanese chefs meant for sushi to be) on the huge plate of fish is the peppered tuna.  Oh, and it was all laid on a bed of yellowing spring mixed greens!  First of all, it's greens vegetables past its prime.  Secondly, these kinds of greens do not belong anywhere near sashimi!  Sadly, people from work love their rolls with stuff like cream cheese and crawfish in them.   I love crawfish, and I love cream cheese...just not in a sushi restaurant!  Yes, I am proud to be a sushi snob!The best sushi in New Orleans; Mikimoto is cheaper (and has a drive-through) and Sake is fancier, but Kyoto brings the quality.
Poke Salad is unparalleled and without equal at any other restaurant I've ever found. Rock and Roll is off the hook.
Give it a try.
Now, if we could only do something about the fact that it's closed on Sundays....Kyoto is the closest GOOD sushi restaurant to my house so if I'm in need of a quick sushi fix this is where I will head.  I really like the area that this establishment is located and there are several great places to eat clustered nearby.  They have a lot of interesting rolls that are unique to them and they are generally very fast with getting your food out.  The Poke salad is probably one of the most outstanding things they make here and many of the cooked items from the kitchen are often overlooked but still very tasty.  
* Quick Tip: If you sit at the sushi bar you get a free bowl of miso soup.     
                      ALWAYS sit at the sushi bar!!!
It often does get crazy crowded here at night (and especially on weekends) but it has always been a quick lunch spot (if you sit at the sushi bar).  Parking can be problematic at times (and I miss the days before Katrina when they wouldn't hassle you about parking in the strip mall parking lot across the street).  It is also really nice that you can run to Creole Creamery next door for dessert.Kyoto reminds me of one of those cozy little sushi joints in NY on the corner.  The atmosphere is welcoming, especially the small tables in the back.  I like that.  The sushi is really good too. The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was well... the rolls are just too big.  I've never had California Rolls that are 2 inches wide.  The Rock'n'Roll was like 3 inches wide.  How are you supposed to pick that up with chop sticks let alone dip it in soy sauce then into your mouth?  Really... you kinda need a knife to portion up the roll which is kinda counter intuitive for sushi.  The Edamame was actually very good and I like the big glasses of ice tea.  For Uptown sushi, definitely try Kyoto!When I lived Uptown, I ate quite a few more meals at Kyoto than I do now. I like Kyoto, but I don't love Kyoto. Their rolls are pretty safe, nothing too crazy, however, the Funky Margarita is pretty legit.
Service is hit or miss; what I mean by this is speed of service. Servers are always, always friendly, however, it is entirely possible to have dinner for two last almost 2 hours. Going for lunch? Only have an hour? Forgettaboutit! We have even gone as early as 11:30 for a lunch hour and have been the only table in the restaurant and yet we still cannot make it out of there in less than hour. Kyoto is solid on the food, but not a place for persons with time constraints. 
An aside. It's a great place for a Drew Brees sighting.Shortest review I have probably ever had, POKE SALAD!!!!!!! Its all you need.Great rolls, quick and friendly service, large beverages.
Good place to go when you want a quick sushi fix.  The Sara and Jones Rolls are  great as well as the 'sushi lunch' combo.  
They beverage servings are huge, a real advantage when you're ducking in for a quick lunch and a break from the heat of the day.May be my favorite sushi stop in the city. An old friend made me a chirashi over the sushi bar, turned out to be the most interesting chirashi i've had. Nothing since has beaten the combination, and quality of food that was put on that plate. since then I've returned as often as can afford, and have yet to be disappointed.Tried this again. Epic fail. What takes so long just to take someone's order? The food was fair, far from stellar. This is not my first disappointing experience at Kyoto, but probably my last.I love Kyoto - the sushi is amazing, the staff is very friendly and professional and helpful. The fish is the freshest. Salmon roe is always fresh, not always the case in other places. My favorite is the Poke Salad...give it a try.Excellent dinner last night with my frequent dining partner Randy.  I absolutely loved the sashimi roll since it is sans rice and wrapped in thinly sliced cucumber.  They also serve healthy sized mixed drinks, which is always a good thing!I've only been twice, so I may have to give this place another shot since it has so many good reviews. My first visit was unfortunately plagued with late food, negligent servers, and sloppy rolls. The second visit (a few months later) was better, but nothing that particularly impressed me or provided an experience that I couldn't get from one of my favorites in NOLA. I'm definitely willing to try again at some point.GREAT.  Sara rolls awesome.  Fast.  Closed Sundays.  Uptown.
Maybe best sushi in the city, with possible exceptions of Sake (fancier) in Garden District and Ninja in Carrollton.It's just gotten worse. I think the original owner is no longer there. It is Filthy. Unkempt. Sticky.Sad.  And on top of it all, friend got ill last night. She even sent her first dish back as it was not good (waiter sniffed & Agreed).Kyoto is one of my favorite sushi joints and I wish I would eat here more often. It's a cool Uptown neighborhood spot that gets busy later in the evening (so go early). 
Last night I had the sashimi roll (wrapped in cucumber, no rice) and the popeye roll (BBQ eel with eel sauce) and both were pretty tasty. Though I did see someone nearby with this amazing looking salad that I forgot to ask about - I'm getting that salad next time I go! Also try the soft chell crab roll - delicious!The food is OK, but the service is really bad.  We went on a Monday night, and it took 40 minutes to get an appetizer.  It was clear that something went wrong when the people who sat down after us got their food well before we did.  I understand things happen, and it wouldn't have been a big deal if they would have at least apologized for the mix up, but there was no effort made on their part to rectify, or even acknowledge the situation.  It was poor service, but more than that--rude.  I definitely won't be going back.Kyoto is a nice little neighborhood sushi joint.  It's not fancy, and coming from San Francisco, the fish is underwhelming.  However, every time I've been (4 times), I've had lively or interesting conversations with either staff or customers.  There are a few staff people who look and act like this is the first job they ever had, and there are some who are very comfortable and at ease with serving.  They make a giant salad full of all sorts of yumminess that's filling enough for 1 meal that I think is called the Poki Salad.  Quite good.I've always been a lurker here on Yelp. Always reading reviews but never writing any of my own. Well, I had dinner at Kyoto last Friday night, and the service was so impeccable that I felt obligated to leave a review.
I had already been here many times. The food is fantastic (my personal favorite: the stuffed shiitake mushroom appetizer -- heavenly). But you probably already know that.
What really inspired me to write this review was the service we received last Friday night. Eight friends and I wanted to go to dinner. Someone suggested Kyoto. I thought that was a bad idea, trying to get a table for 9 people on a Friday night, at a small restaurant, without reservations. But I went with the plan. We showed up at 7:15. I figured it would take us at least an hour to get a table. Instead, after rearranging a few tables, they seated us within 15 minutes. 
Here's where the really impressive part came: we told them party of 9, but after we sat down, more friends who got wind of our dinner plans started to show up. One by one, friends showed up, and the Kyoto staff happily provided additional chairs to seat all of us. Most restaurants would be pretty grumpy about this. But the Kyoto staff was friendly and accommodating. They managed to get all 12 of our food and drink orders straight, the food came out in a reasonable amount of time, they continued to check to see if we needed more drinks, etc. Then the bill came. We plopped down a handful of debit cards and specified various amounts to charge to each card.
The staff at most restaurants, especially on a Friday night, would be pretty annoyed by those types of antics. But the Kyoto staff was friendly and accommodating. I would have thought such a dinner would turn into a train wreck, but thanks to the Kyoto staff, the whole thing came together without a hitch. 
Thanks Kyoto!Super friendly staff and yummy fresh rolls made for a great quick dinner last night!  The menu is quite diverse beyond just rolls - the poke salad, for instance, is KILLER.   We had the mushroom appetizer, three rolls, and split a poke salad....you nearly had to roll us out afterwards!   With all this food and splitting a large hot sake, the bill still only came to around $46!  Will definitely be coming back!