The Roasted Sweet Potato and beans tacos hit the spot! They sweet potato is perfectly cooked and seasoned complemented by pickled onion and  topped with a sprinkle of cheese. While the veggie arepas are tasty, it's really messy to eat and falls apart. I would save my appetite for the tacos. 
Although I didn't have any room to spare, the taco was so delicious that I got another one! Highly recommend the tacos, don't pass up the opportunity when you see this food truck! I saw it by the cidery and rum distillery Sat evening.Love the arepas and how filling they are! Homemade and delicious, I love ending my Mid-City Farmer's Market shopping on Thursdays here. 
With fresh and abundant ingredients, it's no surprise that there's usually a line when I get there. Most people were happily perusing the menu while waiting. Like how simple the menu is. The longest part is reading the list of sauces. 
Last time I went there I got the rich and flavorful pork in the arepas. The sauces were the chipotle cream and the roasted red pepper sauce. Both were exactly the right textures and flavors to coat and enrich the tacos. For less than $10, the two meat-filled tacos were so big, I usually can't finish them! No matter how hungry I am whenever I arrive at the truck, the arepas always fill me up.La Cocinita - Tacos, Arepas and Rice & Bean Bowls - all were so delicious!  I am hungry just thinking about them.  
Rachel catered a variety of appetizers for our company happy hour - it was wonderful to meet her.  The passion she has for the food she makes is quite evident.  Great flavors and amazing presentation of each individual taco and bowl.  Beautifully done - food art.  I highly recommend!Not only does this taco truck offer great food at great prices in great portions, it excels at customer service. I enjoy eating those great-tasting chicken tacos with that awesome "Stupid Hot" salsa and a side of rice, but equally enjoy interacting with the owners of the truck, Rachel and Chef Benoit. They are genuine people, just like their food, who not only say they appreciate their loyal customers, but they prove it time and time again.
In fact, I look forward to seeing the now iconic red truck parked in front of my favorite bar on Saturdays. Living Uptown, with so many places within short distance where I can have a nice Saturday night dinner, I still choose La Cocinita and its delicious chicken tacos - the hard part is choosing which sauce to tease my taste buds with.Ummmm....YUM. I don't have a lot of "experience" with food trucks, but what I definitely did not expect is that you could get this level of awesome out of one. Basically, I tried them and haven't felt the need to try any others...I'm just going to stalk La Cocinita (made easier by that sweet new app, woohoo!). The food is really fresh and really flavorful - what I judge any restaurant on - and they bring it. 
I like that you can essentially 'choose your own adventure' with a bowl, or a this this time and a that next time...sometimes I like to challenge my gluten sensitivity, other times I respect it and go with one of their corn or rice-based options. Regardless, I'll say it again: YUM.I have been wanting to try La Cocinita for a long time now and they were outside of Eiffel tonight and I was excited to finally have the opportunity! Little did I know that I would stand there for quite a while with no one ahead of me in line without so much as an acknowledgement as the woman at the window played with her cell phone. When I was ready to walk away, she asked in a rude tone if I needed help and as I said yes and was ready to order, she started talking with her co-worker and playing with her cell phone again. I was really hungry and might expect this kind of treatment at City Hall, but not somewhere I am choosing to spend my money. The treatment was so rude, I walked away and will never try them again. The good news is that there are so many other great food trucks in New Orleans! For tacos/burritos, I would definitely recommend Taceaux Loceaux or Los Poblanos on Broad St. in the evenings instead. Both have delicious food and treat you with respect.I tried the lechon arepas last night.  They were ridiculously good!  I highly recommend them to anyone.I've had their tacos a few times now and I've yet to be disappointed in the food I've received.  The menu is always creative and they rotate the items on it often enough to keep it interesting.  There's a variety of choices fitting every dietary need, including at least one vegan/vegetarian option.
My only complaint is that for the price the portions can be a bit on the small side.  The massive flavors make up for that a bit but if I'm paying 9$ for three tacos and 3$ for a side of plantains I'd like to get more than four or five bites out of each taco.  And maybe I'm just a selfish glutton but the sides don't seem big enough to share.  
Regardless, a valuable addition to the burgeoning food truck culture here in New Orleans and definitely worth checking out!I love this food truck. I always get the arepas and they are just amazing. I don't really know what else to add other then I have never had a bad meal from them!Chalk one up to my neighbor Tabby A. for throwing a really cool party yesterday.  She had quite a nice spread of food on hand and a bartender serving free drinks throughout the evening.  But the real culinary treat was the food truck.  And I'm not talking just any old food truck; but rather, La Cocinita.
If you are not sight impaired, or driving around in some sort of stupor, chances are that you've seen this bright red food truck in the city.  Owner Rachel Billow has got a real winner with this food truck and her catering business.  La Cocinita, translated literally as "the Little Kitchen," serves up fresh gourmet styled street food from Latin America.
As this was a catered party, the food truck was serving a limited menu.  They were serving pork tacos & chicken tacos as well as "taco" rice bowls.  I opted for the bowl, which contained seasoned shredded chicken, rice and black beans.  The bowl was topped with shredded purple cabbage, cotija (I think) cheese and roasted jalapeno salsa.  There were six different salsa toppings and this one had a lot of heat to it; almost too much, but it was damn good.  My wife opted for a milder version (forgot which salsa topping she had) but it was still great.
The truck was super clean both inside and out and the food came out much quicker than I anticipated, even though there were always 4-6 people waiting in line.  At the time I ordered my food, I asked the server did I pay at the time of placing my order or when I picked it up.   That's when she informed me that there was no charge for the food, as it was a catered event.  Cha-Ching!
Can't wait to try their full menu in the very near future.I've had two bad experiences with La Cocinita, both of them were at large events. However, these events were about 6 months apart and they should really have some sort of game plan together by now for large crowds. 
The first time I went was during City Park's showing of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, I waited over an hour for food. I could have left the park driven somewhere on Carrollton for food and had a decent meal by the time La Cocinita had taken my order. I like to support local vendors, but next time I'll be sneaking in my own food. 
The second time occurred yesterday at NOLA drive in's showing of Psycho. When I saw their truck I inwardly cringed, but decided to give them another try. Once again I waited about 45 minutes for food. I had to change what I wanted as they only had the "bowl" option (which is everything on rice and beans) because of some difficulties with the grill and they were unable to serve tacos. As I continued to wait in line, they ran out of two sauces, avocados, and made us wait another 10 minutes for them to cook rice. The rice was not really worth the wait, just simple white rice, not seasoned or flavored in any sort of way. Costumers after me were especially lucky because they proceeded to run out of beans and chicken. Essentially forcing customers to have pork as the only protein left, the other option was more rice and beans.
All in all the food is tasty, but not worth the wait or price. they really need to stop doing large events or they need learn how to handle a decently large crowd.
***EDIT***
I took Rachel up on her offer of free tacos, and went to the truck at the crescent city farmer's market. the weather was bad, so I was the only one there, but it was really nice to meet her and hear how she got into the food truck business. You can tell she really cares about her business and the customers.
I got three different tacos, one was a carne asada special, the other was a roasted chicken with an arepa like dough (which I loved), and I had another chicken one with a roasted red pepper sauce. They were all great and filling, and I'll definitely go back and see them again.I'm not the biggest fan of food trucks but I had just experienced an unsatisfactory meal at Rum House and I was still starving.  Lucky for me this truck was right outside of Rendezvous so I thought I would roll the dice and finally sample some trendy food truck grub.  I got chicken tacos which, at $8 for three baby tacos, I thought was a rip off but they were the same size as the three baby tacos that I had just eaten at Rum House (for like $18) so they were a comparative bargain.  I got the "stupid hot salsa" for my sauce and didn't find it all that hot really but it was alright.  I could have gotten double the food at this truck for what I paid at Rum House for a similar product but honestly I don't think the tacos at either place are worth more than 50 cents each.  I've gotten tacos this size made by real Mexicans in taco trucks in Austin for like $2 but I guess you're paying for the convenience of the food being right in front of the bar.  These tacos are definitely better than many made in stationary restaurants but for the price they charge I might be tempted to make a run for the Taco Bell border... oh wait never mind the drive through line is around the corner; so instead I would go for the $5 pint and a slice at New York Pizza.I have only been to La Cocinita one time but absolutely loved it. The menu changes as much as their location. Check their twitter or FB accounts to find out what's on the menu and where they will be. I had 3 tacos - carnitas with a  garlic sauce, chorizo and black beans with a roasted red pepper sauce and chicken with a poblano sauce. All were excellent. I was also impressed with the proprietor, Rachel Billow, who has done a great job lobbying the City Council to have our archaic food truck laws changed. Go Rachel!!Pretty good food truck fare.  The braised pork was tender and flavorful.  The black beans were a little bland and I wasn't really able to taste the rice as there wasn't much in my bowl.  I liked the variety of salsas and had the creamy cilantro and the stupid hot salsas, which blended nicely.  
The portions are tiny, so I'd definitely go double meat; however, at $11 for a very small bowl that is probably equal in flavor to Chipotle's carnitas bowl with half the amount of food and at 50% more in cost, I'm not sure I'd be tempted to go back.  That being said, I haven't seen too many Chipotle's in NOLA, so if I'm craving a bowl, this might be my go to place.The Arepas!!! The Tacos!! THE SALSAS, reminds me of home!! Everything tastes sooooo delicious. FETE!La Cocinita is always delicious. I've had their tacos a few times when they're over at NOLA Brewing and had them just tonight when they were outside of Tipitina's. 
They keep their menu small and have quality ingredients. My favorite was the Venezuelan brisket on burritacos (flour tortillas with melted cheese and then the typical ingredients).
They always have friendly staff and take credit cards - plus in my book! One of the best food trucks in NOLA - as told by their recent win of the local Vendy Award!The often park themselves at Hollygrove on Saturdays so I dropped by to try them out.  It took about a half an hour to get my food.  I think they don't start raising the pigs until you place your order.  When my food finally arrived, it was decently good, but certainly not worth the wait.  If they could figure out a way to speed things I could would eat there again, otherwise I probably won't be stopping by unless I have another half our to kill.Late night on Magazine Street....saving grace is this awesome red truck!!! Tacos and Cuban sandwich were hits.  Cheap, quality food from friendly servers who even take requests for photos and special order names "Saviors of the Universe" are hungry people ;)Service is great, staff is great. And i can't forget the food, i have it at least once a week because i love it so much.This was my first time trying an arepa and I wasn't dissapointed. I got the "Lechon" or  pulled pork, which was marinated to perfection in lime, jalapeno, and cumin. 
It was phenomenal. Just phenomenal...Good, not great. I'm a big fan of supporting our local food trucks, but my one experience here - tonight- was just not one I'd care to repeat. There was too long of a wait (at least 25 minutes) and too high of a cost (eight dollars for three tacos, though admittedly tasty, and sauce fixins) for me to return.
It's important to mention though that overall it was a busy night at a large event: the drive-in movie @ the Broad food truck fest. There were many competing food trucks  also had lines, albeit quicker-moving. At another event, it could be that you'd fare better than I. Still, I'd take the chance on a food truck that I haven't experienced over La Cocinita.
Lastly, there was no vegetarian option on the menu, though I see that previous reviews mention one. They certainly created an edible taco on request, but I feel like it's ignoring a lot of people to not have anything meat-free on-menu a priori.Love, love, love this truck! My favorite things on the menu are the lechon, black bean and queso fresco arepas along with the fish tacos (when on the menu).
What really sets these guys apart are the great sauces. Try the guasacaca, chipotle crema and the VERY SPICY roasted jalapeño pepper salsa. 
Having La Cocinita as a permanent fixture of the Bywater food scene is a welcome addition.It was late in the evening after the St. Patty's Day parade in Irish Channel. This truck was parked in front of Rendezvous bar on Magazine Street, where it is often parked. After a long day of all day libations, we realized we had only eaten a small bit of chips and a cupcake during the entire day. So my gal pal and I went outside in search of food, when a friendly gentleman offered us some of his tacos. I heard my mother's voice in the back of my head saying, "Never take anything from a stranger." But I swiftly shrugged that off (when have I ever listened to that voice? Sorry, mom!). We thanked this generous man, and ate his taco, exclaiming "Great! Now we don't need to buy any!" But, we were wrong, we HAD to by more. We ran to the truck, "We need two orders of those tacos that guy had...Wait! We need three orders of those tacos!" We had to buy three orders. They were delicious! And we ate them like lions feasting on an antelope--it was not pretty; we literally growled at our friends when they asked for a bite. 
After a long day of drinking and being completely famished, one could say that anything would have tasted good at that point...But these tacos were different. They were legitimately so so so good! And I will eat them again and again, instead of passing this food truck by.Love La Cocinita! We actually first met them when we asked them to drive the truck to Florida and cater for our wedding--having never tasted their food.  However, their menu sounded great, they were very great to work with, and it was all (naturally) Gluten-Free.   Nothing but good things to say about the catering job, people are still telling us how awesome the food was...  Anyways, now a days we just stop and grab a bite every time we see the truck! Luckily for our waistlines, this isn't everyday--because we would if we could!  Stellar food, always.Way past time to update my review. I usually eat at this yummy food truck about once a week when they are parked neat my work.  Rachel & Benoit treat me like family even saving me special items that they think I'll like.
The food is always tasty & fresh.  They offer innovative vegetarian options abd even got me to enjoy roasted turnips today.
Their battles to get food truck legislation modernized in NOLA means that we will all reap the benefits. 
Bonus check out Chef Benoit on Padma's Picks for TopChef New Orleans (http://www.bravotv.com/top-chef/season-11/videos/padmas-picks) episode 5: Food Truck Wars.Yay! I got to try another food truck.
I was STARVING when I ran into this truck outside of Rendezvous on Magazine. I'm always excited to try new things, so I walked up and looked over the menu. I decided to get the lechon (braised pork) in a white corn tortilla with chipotle crema and avocado. It didn't take long before my food was ready, even though there were a good number of people there.
I would say the food here is good if you have nothing to compare it to. I compared it to taceaux loceaux, which is my usual "go to" food truck for Mexican food. The pork had a lot of flavor, but the meal itself was missing something. I did enjoy it, and I would go back, but taceaux loceaux is still my first choice.Food truck was parked outside Thurs afternoon farmers market by American Can. I overheard the vendors talking about it, so I had to try it. Two carne asada "sandwiches" between patacones (crispy green plantains) and spicy mango sauce for $9--soo good! The plantains were perfect and crispy, and the meat was generous, as well as juicy and tasty. Also had a side of fried sweet plantains (love plantains!!) for $3 which were soft, tasty, and not overly greasy. Will definitely stop by next time I return to this farmers market!I'm not sure how I haven't written a review of La Cocinita yet ... as it is my FAVORITE latin american food in this city!!! Without fail, I get the rice + beans bowl - usually with black beans and queso, but occasionally with chicken. Be sure to get as many sauces as you like, since everyone is so sweet and doesn't mind you choosing more than one sauce. If you can stomach it, try the stupid hot salsa- but BEWARE that it even gives me hiccups sometimes, and my grandma used to feed me raw red chili peppers as a child. Anyway, I absolutely love this food truck and Rachel + Benoit (the owners) and the sweetest people on the planet. Definitely give this place a try even if it's a little out of the way. Having a bowl from here always brightens my day :)The proliferation of food trucks in New Orleans is a good thing. Imagine stumbling to, or from a bar and seeing a giant truck serving quality food. No longer must one brave the St. Charles Tavern, Waffle House or IHOP to satisfy their late night cravings.
I had been wanting to try La Cocinita ever since seeing my Yelp buddy Jen L. check in on a regular basis. She has impeccable taste despite no eating meat, so I knew I would enjoy it. Fast forward to YSB and this truck helped fuel a bar crawl of epic proportions. 
I wish I could remember what the tacos were called, or what they cost, but there was pork, and it was spicy. Actually spicy too, not that faux spice like in Texas.
Prepare to wait for your order and to find a windowsill or curb to eat, but it is well worth it. Now if only I could try them out during the daytime hours I might actually remember prices and names.When my dad was in the hospital for two weeks I was there everyday. Now, I have to give props to University Hospital for their food because it's great for a hospital cafeteria...really great. But eating there everyday grew old and grew old fast. There aren't many other options for lunch or dinner unless you're willing to drive which means losing your parking spot and possibly getting lost and/or shanked. It's not the best neighborhood.
Enter La Cocinita. I saw this truck from the window of my dad's room one day and I hauled ass down there. The man and woman who were working here were so sweet and patient with me trying to decide what I was going to order. Everything sounded so good. I ended up getting two tacos. Fish tacos with chipotle crema and chicken tacos with garlic sauce. Ummm. Yeah. Can you say yum? 
I loved it so much and even got a free side of rice and black beans just for checking in. Yay! I can't wait to go back!This food truck hit the spot! Rolled into town late for a wedding. Had to get a haircut first. Found their food truck down the street from my sister's place parked in front of Tipitina's.Avoid like the plague unless you want food poisoning!! I waited in like for about 15 minutes, then waited for my food for 20 minutes. People who ordered after me already got their food so I figured they mixed up my order. Not a big deal. I told them and they said they would re-make it (they didn't apologize which bothered me). After waiting ANOTHER 10 minutes I finally got my food...it was totally different from what I ordered. At this point I didn't care because I was hungry. It was cold and absolutely disgusting, nothing had any flavor. Later that night I woke up vomiting...yup food poisoning. I have travelled all over the world and NEVER gotten food poisoning until La Cocinita.Oh my gosh!!! I had been dying to try this place! I wanted the Arepas but they had ran out already, but that was fine. I had their tacos and my friend had the burri-taco. I had mine with the Pollo Estofado and so were the burri-tacos. Let me say this: DELICIOUS!!!!! Oh my gosh it was worth the $20!!! Freaking amazing! I can't wait to try the Arepas, and believe me I will! I super highly recommend La Cocinita food truck!!!¡Arepitas! ¡Mi amor!I have always loved La Cocinita, so when I got engaged I knew I wanted to have them to cater my casual lunch reception.  Rachel was so amazing to work with and everything turned out amazing!  Everyone loved all of the food.  I cannot recommend them enough!Best Latin food I've had in New Orleans! I highly recommend getting the arepas and the chicken and sweet potatoes are delicious! My favorite part of La Cocinita is the sauce! Every sauce they have is beyond delicious but my personal favorites are the jalapeño, garlic, and chipotle (mixing the jalapeño and garlic is amazing). If you're lucky enough to catch them for some of their rarer dishes, such as the patacones, don't pass them up!
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars 
Service -- 4 starsTheir website could use more frequent updates, The food is amazing and the owner is very nice. Everything I get there is phenominal.I ordered the arepas with pulled pork and the other with chicken. The flavors were there. However, I just have to say it isn't anything that took my breadth away. I had very high hopes for this place after seeing them on Restaurant Startup. But to be honest, it was my first time dining. I am going to give them another try.Heading home after an extremely long day at work I saw the truck parked outside of Rendezvous. Decided to grab a bite before going in for the night. These tacos gave me new life! Absolutely delicious.I have to say the way I was treated at the truck today was really disappointing. The truck was outside of my work a couple of weeks ago (CAC) and I asked about something without tomatoes. (I unfortunately have an allergy. Not exactly something I can help.) The person who helped me (quite friendly) helped to direct me to the items I could eat. I ordered and thoroughly enjoyed what I purchased. Today, I go to the truck and ask if the special has tomato in it. The girl just says, "Yes" so short and curt like I'm a BF who's in the doghouse. So, I ask, "Can I get it without tomatoes?" She could have said, "I'm sorry no, but we can maybe do x,y,z." But no, she proceeds to explain to me all the ingredients and why they have tomato with a tone that sounded like I was the biggest idiot for not knowing that. Again, just looking at me and not even bothering to make any suggestions. I said, "Ok, what about the braised pork?" (thinking I could do like last time and just get meat with the slaw, etc. without tomatoes. I still always check just in case.) She obviously realizes I'm not just going to go away so, she says, "Is this like an allergy or something?" I said yes. She says, "Well, everything has tomatoes so I don't want to serve you anything" and just motions to the next person. Like I'm the asshole who is just wasting her time. There's tomato in cheese and corn tortillas? Or cheese, no meat, slaw and corn tortilla? She didn't even bother to try and assist me. I probably could've pushed it and figured something out but based on her attitude, I didn't want to chance it. She seemed like the kind of person who would slip some tomato in on me just to be a jerk or punish me for even having the AUDACITY to ask. Will NEVER eat from this food truck again and will definitely make sure people know how poorly I was treated .
UPDATE: I was contacted and informed that person is no longer with them and is not indicative of the service they provide. I really appreciate the reply and today is TACO day at my work so I'm eager to try again!  Thank you!!I was at the Crescent City Farmer's Market on Orleans picking up some local veggies when I saw the La Cocinita food truck. The food menu is simple: 1) select your vessel 2) select your meat or cheese 3) select your sauce. Fun, right? I chose the arepas with pork and chipotle cream. If you haven't had arepas, they are cornmeal patties stuffed with..well, in this occasion pulled pork! It was also stuffed with a delicious slaw and the chipotle cream was perfectly spicy. I tried the beans and rice as well. Black beans served over rice with a sprinkle of mozzarella cheese over the top..a welcome twist to the often side by side refried's and rice. Everything was really tasty and I will certainly be tempted to stop whenever I see these guys parked nearby!They were at the latest Starlight Racing event at the Fairgrounds. They need more help at big events. Many people including myself complained about the time it took to get your food. I got the pork tacos and they were dry and hot with pepper and not much taste after that. In fact one of the worst tacos I have ever had. Must have been because of the large crowd which it appeared they were not prepared for. $8 tacos better be good and these were not even close.Basically, I gulped my bowl into my digestive tract without even thinking. 
It was really good. First, I'm not even a fan of black beans, but they were nicely seasoned. I made my bowl: braised chicken, rice, beans, Cotija, zucchini, squash, and salsa. Everything meshed well. I do wish the jalapeño salsa was a little spicier, but that probably saved a lot of unnecessary cramping. 
The bowl was served hot, and the ingredients were fresh!
Friendly staff. 
It's a food truck with good food. That's it.La Concinita is NOT located at the address listed. It is a food truck and so goes where ever the city allows (which evidently was not at their first choice location on 1st Saturday of carnival...thank goodness they found private property across the street on Sunday).  
I must say la Concinita may save my life this carnival season. They plan to be set up most parade days within a reasonable walk of where I usually catch the parades.  The 2 sauces I've tried were amazing (avocado lime & spicy mango).  The two veggie options were super tasty. Seriously, I'm so in love with the butternut squash/black bean combo that I may try to duplicate that at home.  My niece loved the chicken. And I noticed lots of families ordering just rice & beans or just fried plaintains for their picky eaters. Smart
Follow them on twitter or FB and track them down. You won't be sorry.I decided to get lunch from their food truck today. Pretty good stuff! 
I had seen the quesadilla listed on their menu online, but I did not see it on their menu on the truck. I asked the guy about it and he said he could make it. So, I got the chicken quesadilla. In the online picture, it was one big that they cut up into 3-4 slices. The guy today gave me 3 smaller individual ones. I liked that it was the 3 smaller individual ones. So that worked out. The chicken had good flavor and the green sauce that came with it, was good too.
I have found that food truck prices in general tend to be on the higher side. It seems that $9 tends to be the average amount for things.. They charged $9 for my order today. So, it's not something I will get too often, but it's nice once in awhile.I recently visited New Orleans in June 2015, and we wanted something very local for lunch!  I had googled food trucks, and this place was one of the two places we tried.  The food was absolutely amazing, we ordered the burri-taco--vegetarian, with spicy roasted jalapeño pepper salsa.  For me the salsa was not super spicy, but the flavors made up for that.  It was absolutely delicious!  If you are in the area, please do your self a favor and go eat here! Amazing!So if you want a late night bowl of delicious food this food truck will never disappoint. The chicken is flavor able in combination with the beans and rice you cannot go wrong.  Best Mexican food truck I've had for sure.  If you are drinking at Rendezvous make sure you try this truck for it will not disappoint.I have to say the way I was treated at the truck today was really disappointing. The truck was outside of my work a couple of weeks ago (CAC) and I asked about something without tomatoes. (I unfortunately have an allergy. Not exactly something I can help.) The person who helped me (quite friendly) helped to direct me to the items I could eat. I ordered and thoroughly enjoyed what I purchased. Today, I go to the truck and ask if the special has tomato in it. The girl just says, "Yes" so short and curt like I'm a BF who's in the doghouse. So, I ask, "Can I get it without tomatoes?" She could have said, "I'm sorry no, but we can maybe do x,y,z." But no, she proceeds to explain to me all the ingredients and why they have tomato with a tone that sounded like I was the biggest idiot for not knowing that. Again, just looking at me and not even bothering to make any suggestions. I said, "Ok, what about the braised pork?" (thinking I could do like last time and just get meat with the slaw, etc. without tomatoes. I still always check just in case.) She obviously realizes I'm not just going to go away so, she says, "Is this like an allergy or something?" I said yes. She says, "Well, everything has tomatoes so I don't want to serve you anything" and just motions to the next person. Like I'm the asshole who is just wasting her time. There's tomato in cheese and corn tortillas? Or cheese, no meat, slaw and corn tortilla? She didn't even bother to try and assist me. I probably could've pushed it and figured something out but based on her attitude, I didn't want to chance it. She seemed like the kind of person who would slip some tomato in on me just to be a jerk or punish me for even having the AUDACITY to ask. Will NEVER eat from this food truck again and will definitely make sure people know how poorly I was treated.For a few weeks, the company I work for was trying to lure food trucks to come out to our location in New Orleans East while they were trying to pound out the new contract with our food services company, and they were trying to figure out other options. I'm sad to report that this is one of the food trucks that said they would not be back because we were not profitable to them. I get that, and I feel bad because they were good, but oh well. I can not spend enough money to get them to stay. If I do see them somewhere at a convenient time and place, I will support them again.
They are a food truck, that should be obvious. They run off two generators that they set about 15-20 feet behind the truck, so just be aware that they are loud and make a lot of noise. The service was good. I got a Cuban that was warm, cheesy and delicious. Their fries are fresh and crispy. Their tacos are also hot, fresh, filling and delicious. I was quite surprised at how flavorful and delicious they are.
They do have a surcharge for running your debit or credit card, so keep that in mind.Waited in line for a while during Sunday parades to get me some tacos.  I got the Lechon (braised pork) with chipotle crema, and a side of rice and beans (free with Yelp check-in!!).  The tacos (you get 3) had excellent flavor and were constructed very well.
The rice and beans were pretty plain, but I liked the queso fresco on top.
All in all, a good food truck, and incredibly convenient.  But I'll take a real restaurant any day.I love a business that reads their reviews and makes good on the promise of a great product with great service. After my poor review I tried La Cocinita again and the tacos I had were grand. Loaded with meat and flavor with a taste all their own. I just wish they had salsa in the bottle because the salsas are excellent and I like to slather a good salsa all over my tacos. I now recommend.I found this food truck as a part of an event on Yelp. I love street food, and I was super impressed by the arepas I got from them.
I have only had arepas a few times before, and my past experiences were not all that good. These cornmeal fritter thingys were tasty, well cooked, and not greasy or oily, which had been a complaint of mine at other arepas places.
I had their daily special, which was a chorizo filling with a bit of red cabbage and some kind of sour creamy sort of dressing.... the combo of flavors was VERY good, I will repeat.
I will have to find them again, as a bunch of other options on their menu caught my eye, and left me wanting to try them as well.Very tasty and well seasoned chicken tacos. However a plate with three very small tacos was almost $9! ($8.80 to be exact).  They had little chicken and lots of cilantro-flavored coleslaw.
 I was still hungry after eating those tacos for lunch, so unless I'm really desperate, I will probably skip La cocinita truck next time.This wonderful truck stop outside of my job and I tried "The BOWL" that contained rice, beans, meat and cheese.  It was great.I follow 'The Daily Meal' on the interwebs and they said La Cocinita was 94th on their 101 Best Food Trucks in America for 2013 list.  I was happy to see San Antonio's Rickshaw Stop #7 trailing behind ESK #6. For the full article clicky here: http://www.thedailymeal.com/101-best-food-trucks-america-2013
I had been stalking...errr..following them all week to see where they were going to be at on Saturday after the concert we were going to.  We caught them at The Rendezvous bar.  Score!!! The tacos were served on homemade corn tortillas. Delish! I had the arepas.  I had been on an arepas kick since eating at Maïs Arepas earlier in the week. BTW if you haven't been to Maïs Arepas you need to drop everything and head there now, New Orleanos. The arepas were stuffed to the max and all the ingredients tasted very fresh.  I hear there are a lot of restrictions on the food trucks in the NOLA and that's such a shame. La Cocinita is doing great and innovative things for that scene and that's why they get my 5 estrellas.I hired La Cocinita Food Truck through My House Social to cater our wedding reception. Our wedding was a destination wedding, and I never had the chance to try the food before our big day. It seemed a little risky, but I could not have made a better choice! All of our guests had nothing but amazing things to say about the quality of food and service! I regret only being able to take a bite of a chicken taco as I was running around as one does at their own wedding. What I had was so delicious, and every one I spoke to thought the tacos, arepas, and bowls were fantastic! Additionally, I have some dietary restrictions and La Cocinita worked with My House Social to ensure myself and others had plenty of great options to choose from! If you want great food, stop by their truck! If you want a great catering experience for your next event, hire them! I truly can't say enough great things about La Cocinita! Thank you for helping make our big day perfect!La Cocinita offers Latin inspired food that is fresh, and darn good.
Sometimes when I look back at my older reviews I get pretty embarrassed. Since my last review was a bit of a half-assed effort where I couldn't even remember the names of food, I've decided to update it.
The proliferation of food trucks in New Orleans is a trend that I fully support. They offer a great, quick alternative to brick and mortar restaurants and I couldn't be happier about them. Now that I've got that out of the way, I will explain why this truck is one of my favorites.
Since my first visit, I have visited La Cocinita several times. My most recent visit was today, and a direct result of Angie T.'s recent review. In her review she mentioned fish tacos and a chipotle crema that sounded divine. Unfortunately for me, they were out of the fish today, but did have brisket. For $11, I ended up with three small brisket tacos (with the chipotle crema) and a side of beans and rice (also with that sauce).
When I took the first bite into that taco, I knew I had made a good choice. The thin strands of beef combined with that perfectly spicy sauce really went well together. If you don't like spice, I would avoid the sauce because it was legit spicy unlike many sauces which claim chipotle as their main ingredient. Remembering their beans to be slightly under-seasoned from my last visit, I had them add the same sauce to the top of the beans. It made what I thought before to be an average bean dish, significantly better. I think what I am trying to say is that the chipotle sauce could be added to a leather shoe and it would instantly become a great dish. really, it's that good.
So what prevents La Cocinita from being a five star truck? Not much, but my last visit I tried the Cuban sandwich and was not that impressed. Maybe if I had added the chipotle sauce it would have been better. 
If you're in the mood for some great Latin food truck food, find La Cocinita.I was looking forward to the highly recommended food but...when I asked if they had anything with shrimp (I do not eat meat) she instead offered a veggie option with beans and sweet potatoes. VERY bland and disappointing and she charged $9.00 for what amounted to 1 -1.5 cups.The only Venezuelan food you can find in New Orleans! They are my favorite food truck. I've bought food from this truck numerous times and a party I attended was catered by them as well. Everything and anything is delicious on their menu. In addition, the owners are wonderful people. I highly recommend this to anyone if you enjoy Spanish food.We experienced La Cocinita at our son's wedding held earlier this week at City Park.    All of the food was fantastic and wedding guests were delighted.  Started off with small bites, gazpacho shooters, and moved to choice of tacos.  Service was excellent--we could not be more pleased!One of the better food trucks in New Orleans is La Cocinita.  If you're looking for authentic street tacos, this is one of the places to go.  I got the tacos with pulled pork and chipotle.  The taco shells and sauce were to perfection.  The pork was also delicious, but it was just a little on the dry side.  Overall this is still a very delicious food truck, and I would recommend it.  The staff was also super friendly, and the service was quick.This is one of my favorite food trucks. They have a few options but I always get the tacos. They're simple, clean, and incredibly tasty. Instead of the typical lettuce they use cabbage which leaves the tacos less watered down while still giving you that nice crispness. They don't over do it here and seem to stick with the less is more concept which works bc you're not left feeling disgusting after you eat these. The only downside I see to this truck is that it's a little pricey. But it's local, fresh, and damn good so I still eat here pretty often.I've had plenty of late night tacos when they've been parked outside of a number of Magazine Street bars which have always satisfied my drunk munchies.
However, I tried "The Bowl" with chicken, cheese, rice, beans and chipotle crema for lunch the other day and was quite disappointed. It was served in a paper food tray (you know, the ones that hotdogs are served in) which I didn't think justified the $11 price tag. There was one flavor that was really off for me that I can't exactly pinpoint but if I had to guess, I'd say it tasted kinda ginger-y. 
Based on my experience and the menu prices for other items, I would stick to ordering the tacos only.