This place is still pretty new and still has the initial new crowds of folks checking out the hot new spot in the area.  The picadillo taco and burrito I had seemed pretty bland and lacking in flavor to me.  The chicken options seemed to bring more to the flavor experience.  The chips and salsa were complementary and alright but the salsa could have used a bit more spice for my taste.  Service was a bit on the slower side and it took longer than it should have several times to get my drink refilled.  Overall it doesn't seem to bring very much new to the already overcrowded Magazine Street Tex-Mex selection.  Currently I would still have to give preference to the nearby Juan's Flying Burrito over this spot.  Maybe they will develop their niche here with their drink and happy hour options?I'll start off with saying it's not as good as the one in Hammond . Now saying that I haven't ate at the one in Hammond in years but I was hoping it was gonna be as good as I remembered . The service was let's just say horrible and the food wasn't much better . We ordered food and waited for a good while before it came out and then the order was wrong . The server did fix it and change the bill so that was a plus but overall it was a lackluster visit .Great newer spot in the LGD.  Never fussy, consistent and simple, straight forward.  Food has always been quick and the waitstaff hustle. The margaritas are nice, really enjoyed the elderflower margarita. Oh and free chips and salsa!I usually give good or bad reviews if my experience in the establishment, food/service was great or horrible... well, this is outstanding! I'm from LA and oh boy! Here's another capital for Mexican cucina from fancy to food truck but must admit La Carreta in maganize totally rocked! Food was delicious, very tasty with American fusion but without loosing it's authenticity.
I highly recommend the chipotle shrimps as appetizer, the mahi mahi tacos just transported me to Baja... the real deal! And the enchiladas potosinas were out of this world. Customer service was exceptional, place was organized and super clean, all staff was very attentive and caring, they just kept those delicious margaritas coming in!
Next time , you visit New Orleans or if you live there, adventure to this spot, you won't be dissatisfied!Delicious! I consider myself a bit of a Mexican food snob, being from Chicago and having good, authentic Mexican places every couple of blocks, and I was NOT disappointed when we stopped here for lunch today. I had the enchiladas potosinas and they were fabulous! The tomatillo sauce was delicious, the carne asada was grilled nicely, and the cheese enchiladas were super yummy. My fiancé also said his carne asada tacos were tasty. I also ordered a mojito, and it was delicious!!! Fiancé ordered a margarita, and he said it was food too. Super glad we found this cute, tasty place!Delicious! Margaritas! White Queso! Yummy shrimp! Check this place out!!! I ordered their house margarita on the rocks with salt during their happy hour - $4.00. Great price and great margarita! Their white queso - obsessed - so delicious! I ordered their shrimp quesadilla! The shrimp were HUGE and FLAVORFUL! My sister ordered the chipotle shrimp from the appetizer menu - they were also HUGE and FLAVORFUL! If you like Mexican food, give the place a try! I do not think you will be disappointed!! The service was awesome as well! VERY attentive atmosphere with a smile! Happy Hour prices - $2.95 draft and $4.00 margaritas!Good to go!   New, comfortable place and comfortable prices. The food is excellent.  And try happy hour if you need to keep the budget under control!I knew of the name La Carreta from their place on the north shore. Now that they opened a new location next to my house I was excited to finally try them. I got the lunch special Burrito Supreme and a side of salsa. It was delicious. All the ingredients were fresh, the Spanish rice was delicious, and their homemade salsa is to die for. Everything I got was just the way I love it. Can't wait to go back and try some more of their exceptional food.Ok so I'll just say this. Whoever is in charge at this location should make their rounds to some of the other locations because they are like night and day. From the moment we walked in the manager sat us immediately followed by a more than attentive server who made sure never ran out of drinks or salsa. Mexican is my favorite cuisine and fajitas are my go to dish. I would compare these fajitas to the quality I get from El Gato Negro which is one of my all time favorite Mexican restaurants ever. We will definitely be back soon! Oh and did I mention how cool the old truck that doubles as a bar is? First class!Lack luster. Best ting I had was the sangria margarita. Popped in before work one day for lunch. I noticed they'd be coming to the area and as an avid Tex-Mex lover, I definitely wanted to see what it was about. Customer service was cool but the food left much to be desired. The tortilla soup was the oddest of all. I'm not sure I'll be back here either.This is such a great place serving authentic food with hand crafted margaritas and great service in a really nice space. Everything we had was very good. Highly recommend!By far the best Mexican restaurant I've been to in New Orleans... and I've tried LOADS. Clean, stylish decor.  Good service. Very reasonable prices.  Great service.  Made my day!Went last week with coworkers as we were all having a bad day. Nothing a little queso can't fix! I loved the space, as it was really kitschy with Mexican wrestlers, roses and cacti spray painted on the walls. The dining room was also filled with wooden masks and half of a painted truck as a server station. Reclaimed wood booths and a disco ball balloon to round it out! Service was efficient and time saavy as we only had an hour. I tried the burrito/soup combo with carnitas pork, cheese, sour cream, lettuce and tomato. The soup was chicken tortilla with cheese and whole chunks of avocado. The soup had excellent depth of flavor and combined with half of my burrito was just enough. I saved the other half for lunch the next day. I'd like to go back for Margaritas when I'm not on the clock to see how they stand up to other places.Yummy queso and tequilla drinks. Fun atmosphere. Great for large groups of people or when you want to watch a little football and pig out.I live very close to this place, and I have several issues with this establishment. The food, especially the queso is extremely basic and the last two times I have gone, the chicken I had was overdone. It is a chain to its core, and I don't recommend. 
On a different note, this restaurant has become somewhat of a neighborhood nuisance because their music is way TOO LOUD, especially inside the restaurant. It scares my dog when I walk by, even across the street.This place has friendly servers and amazing margaritas, I suggest the cucumber. Fajitas were ok.Was looking for a good Mexican restaurant during my visit during Mardi Gras. Found this place and I was very pleased and happy with the service and food. Came with a group of girlfriends and we all had the margaritas, they where delicious. I had the chile rellenos, they where amazing and good portion. We all shared the Ceviche as an appetizer, was very yummy. Will come back on our next visit. Highly recommend this place!I had the shrimp and fish tacos, and they were absolutely delicious! We had queso with our chips and salsa, which also did not disappoint. My boyfriend had a burrito that he really enjoyed as well. Our waitress was so sweet and was definitely attentive to us. We enjoyed having conversation with her while we were there. I really like the atmosphere of the place; the decor is really cool! Would recommend!This place was amazing!! I went on taco Tuesday and when I tell you they were amazing, they were so good. I got carne asada tacos and my mother in law got carnitas tacos, she wouldn't stop raving about it. We also got happy hour margaritas which were excellent (they have happy hour every single day). Leonardo was our server and he was sweet and made sure we got everything we wanted as well as he manager talking to us. Chips and salsa were bomb. Please try!This is definitely my favorite Mexican spot overall! They hands down have the BEST margaritas, frozen  and on the rocks! And they come in any falls or you want, strawberry, mango, blueberry, and I think pineapple! I love the mango. Today is CINCO de Mayo so I went to a few places and no place even compared to La Carreta. I should have stayed there the entire day lol! If you're looking for some great Mexican cuisine and a great marg... you will be doing yourself a disservice if you don't stop here!Authentic Mexican on magazine street with a fun kooky vibe.  Love this place.  The cocktails are amazing and the food is delicious.This place has a really cool vibe inside and plays great music! We went for their $4 margaritas during happy hour. Their margs were worth every penny. They have some great flavor options as well! One of the better happy hours in the area if you're looking for margaritas!Heard about this place from the apothecary over at Tea Witch Cafe, and it was awesome. Everything tasted amazing, especially the mahi ceviche.We went on $2 Taco Tuesday, and $4 Happy Hour Margaritas, and it was a great experience. As soon as we sat down Leonardo greeted us promptly with fresh salsa and hot chips , and got our drinks out right after. The tacos were FULL of perfectly seasoned/ cooked meat and toppings. The Taco Salad was stuffed with fresh toppings and lots and lots of meat. Overall great experience, great food, great service and would highly suggest it to anyone looking for great Mexican Food in New Orleans. Happy hour is EVERYDAY 3-7!Went for lunch today.. It was great.  I love that they added some tasty sounding vegetarian options to the menu recently.  Service was phenomenal... our server was Alexis (I think I remember that right)... she was so sweet and attentive.Amazing service! Food and margaritas are awesome and you can't beat the prices (especially during happy hour). Glad they're in the neighborhood.This was my first experience with La Carreta although I have walked by it multiple times. I had the trio fajitas and hubby had the Carreta dinner. I thought the steak in my fajitas was really flavorful and tender and the shrimp were a great improvement over some other places I've had the dish at before.
I'll definitely be back and will have to try the happy hour specials next.I was pleasantly surprised by La Carreta. It's a big improvement over Rosa Mezcal (which preceded it at this location). I've probably eaten every queso with chorizo in this town and this is the best, bar-none. I will get it every time, despite the fact that they give free chips and salsa that are actually decent (thin chips, my favorite; free salsa with a little kick, which is hard to find).
The happy hour margarita is outstanding for only $4. Tart, salty, just boozy enough. It's one of the best drink deals in town. The La Carreta plate is a great variety of food (Mexican restaurant pro-tip: always get the house "everything" plate the first time you go so you can figure out what they do best). The burrito is a real, Mexican-style burrito (not crappy rice-filled California-style - although they have those on the menu, too, for the people who don't like flavor). The cheese enchilada was a little bit of a let-down (plain), but the taco was solid.
Since it's one block over from Juan's, I think it's natural to draw comparisons between the two. I like Juan's, and I would say their Americanos tacos are better (similar price for both). The regular margarita is better at La Carreta, the chips and salsa are free at La Carreta, and the queso is not even in the same ballpark better. If I had to make a choice I'd go for La Carreta, but Juan's will still be in my regular rotation since I can eat Mexican food every day.Hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant when I go to the garden district. Their tacos are amazing!!! Mole!!!Finally, a Mexican food joint in New Orleans that I can get excited about. So many positive things to mention about La Carreta on Magazine St. 
First up, absolutely delicious margaritas prepared with fresh ingredients. We tried the mango, cucumber, traditional and strawberry mint margaritas - all were delicious! My favorites were the mango and the strawberry mint. The latter was original and amazing. 
Second, the decor is cute AF. The VW bus bar is adorable. Love the chill, laid back and relaxed vibe that has enough special details (skeleton wearing a poncho and riding a bicycle? YAS) to keep your eyes entertained. 
Third, the food is very good. I had the tamales, which also came with a chili relleno. All were prepared from fresh ingredients and were so darn tasty. As a table we also shared chips & queso, which I highly recommend. 
Finally, the service is excellent. Louis (I hope I'm spelling your name right, sir, because you are a treasure!) was on top of everything that night. Anticipating our needs, checking in with us regularly and generally being a delight. Couldn't have asked for a better service experience.
I can't wait to go back!I came across this magical place on a nice little Magazine Streetwalk. A tempting sign with promises of free salsa and chips lured a friend and I inside... We knew this was a sign....to our destiny and love of the SALSA.  As we sat down we noticed something.... a sign that almost brought me to tears... It was a weekend Happy Hour. Listen... Weekend happy hours. I feel this is a way of showing love. $4 Margaritas... On top of that, they have Sangria Margarita (I know I know, you didn't realize this was a thing, but it is and it's quite amazing).  You really need to go there for their huge margaritas! 
For food, I ordered queso. Also, steak and shrimp fajitas that were great. Fresh ingredients and flavorful, everything was pretty good in my book.
I definitely would re-visited this location. The food is yummy, the staff is friendly and helpful, prices are reasonable, service is fast and efficient. This location is great for groups, dates and solo outings actually! Street parking available, shouldn't have much of a problem in that as well.First time ordering from here my order was wrong. The food looks nothing like the pictures. Our order was to go and we didn't get some items so I had to go back to the restaurant only after trying to call them and getting disconnected three time. Then when I walk into the restaurant the manager is setting Down at a table eating. I would not go back or recommend the restaurant. Also there chips taste stale or the grease they used is old because they were disgusting.This place is so cool and the food is outstanding. You get huge portions for a decent price. The decor is so awesome inside and there is plenty of seating. We tried the beef, chicken and shrimp fajitas and it was so delicious. It came with a large side of rice, beans, pico, sour cream and guac  Definitely stop here if you are looking for authentic Mexican food!Burrito came with only 2 of the 5 ingredients in it, and we got no sour cream that we paid extra for. Would not order againUh, it looks like I accidentally rated La Carreta 1 star 4 months ago and never said anything, lol. Sorry I butt-rated you guys. I love your food!THIS IS AWFUL.
The servers were rude and only paid attention to certain customers and it wasn't even busy. Took 20 minutes to get 5 plain tequila shots. 
We ordered the steak fajitas and it had 3 pieces of beef in it with majority bell peppers and onions.
I would rather eat anything then waste my money here. Wish I could rate this a zero. Taco Bell is better than this and so is their service.
Mistake coming here.Came here for happy hour with a friend that speaks highly of the place. we walked in and there was only a couple people at the bar and a couple in a booth. I will say the restroom is very cute and clean and I like the fact that there is a sink in the big stall. we sat down to order and the waitress promptly put down menus and left. we had to look on the wall to see that they have specials and what not. I'm used to being told what the specials are and what's good on the menu and being asked if I've ever been. since I had not and didn't know that would have been great. The drinks were ok. our order was taken and we were never checked on again after our food arrived. she didn't ask us if we wanted another drink. didn't even bring us complimentary water. the service was terrible and I love happy hours when my waiter or waitress is engaged....! it wasnt even busy! I will not be back. I dont even know what her name was because she wasnt personable. the food was great....but I dont care I will not come back to deal with people like that when I'm gonna spend my money. on tope of that I had to find her for the check! unbelievable!Went here with some friends on a Wednesday night. I had never even noticed this place before so I was excited to try something new to me. I love the space. It's quaint and cute. The decor catches your eye. The service was decent but we were the only people in there. The chips and salsa were good. The food was good as well. It came out pretty quickly. I ordered nachos with barbacoa and they were really good. It had tons of meat. I couldn't even eat it all. They had the meat, lettuce, pico, jalapeños, and sour cream. Plenty of jalapeños just like I like them. My friends all enjoyed their meals as well. I definitely want to come back so I can try their drinks. I had been drinking before going to eat so I decided to slow my roll so I'll definitely be getting a margarita next time.Originally a big fan of La Carrera- especially on the north shore. However, the service at this location is fucking awful??? Both times I've had the same server who seems to hate his life. He was polite enough but at one point tried to hurry us out of the restaurant when we had 45 minutes til close & it was only two people with simple orders. Water refills were minimal and stupid slow. It felt like pulling teeth asking him for anything. The food is good, satisfied with what I've had. Tortilla soup could use more to it & less unripe pieces of avocado. Overall, I'll go back but expect something to change at one point with servers. I can't be the only one to notice how terrible is.Hubs and I went the week that they had opened. The service was good except that for a marg on the rocks but got a blended one - that's fine just as strong. The restaurant was busy but not super packed. The prices were average, but definitely a bit more than Juan's. Food was decent and I'd come back with friends and for the happy hours but I don't think it's the best Mexican/Tex-Mex our there. Free chips and salsa when you sit down. I got the chile relleno plate and it came with a huge plate of the essentials and a side salad. I knew it was all cheese when I ordered it but wished it had some meat or something in it once I tried it.LOVE this place for a good ole burrito...I find it so hard to have a decent Mexican meal in this city! Their food is consistently tastey with fresh ingredients. Also, they give a good amount of food so I always leave with leftovers (And who doesn't like waking up to Mexican in the fridge the next day!). The servers are always very pleasant, and the decor is very cute. This is pretty much my new go-to for very reasonably priced Mexican in the city. Sorry, Juan's!Pretty good, kind of pricey. Portions seemed smaller for the price and the service was only okay, not great. Waitress didn't really check on us and it took a while to get the check when the place was mostly empty, but she was pleasant enough. I will go back and I would recommend this place to my friends, but I would want them to know not to expect too much.This Mexican resto has been around for 20+ years, hailing from Hammond LA. They have a handful of LA locations, however this one is along Magazine street and is a great spot to pop in for a margarita and an affordable bite. Ideally, you wanna complete all your boutique purchases before scarfing down a plate of nachos... for the dressing room mirror's sake.
Tuesday they have most of their tacos on sale for $2 a pop. I wasn't feeling the taco Tuesday deal, so I paid full price for the red fish tacos, and was content (only $2.95). their corn tortillas and chips are without a doubt made in house and are some of the best I've come across in a hot minute.
Décor is cute. Offers some fun photo opps. HH margs are a good deal. My gf and I consumed 3 tacos total, 3 margs and the bill was only $23. Plus chips n salsa. Good deal considering how quickly we can run up those tabs. 
Biggest disappointment for me was their service. It was inattentive during a not-so-busy hour; additionally, they did not honor the Yelp check-in offer that they set up themselves...I came here with a friend from lunch.  She ordered a taco salad it was a special for Taco Tuesday for $6.00.  She got charged $8.00.  I ordered nachos. They were on the menu for $8.95. My bill was $10.95.
Will not be going back here!  Slow terrible service.  We were the only table for the waitress.I would have to go back and dine in before giving it 5 stars but my carry out was great! I got Saul's Favorite from the lunch menu which was fajita steak and onions, two black bean enchiladas, two fried eggs, pico and avocado slices. It was so good and lots of food. Their queso is also some of the best I've had!Finally, an exception Mexican food place in Nola. Amazing entrees and apps, chorizo queso is incredible, and the margaritas are some of the best in the city. Especially during Fiesta Time (happy hour). FERNANDO is the man!The good news is, they are cheap and chips and salsa are free. The bad news is they don't seem to know how to make the food as listed on the menu. 
 Tinga isn't bland shredded chicken. Where is the adobo? Where are the onions, chipotles, and tomatoes?
Also, picadillo isn't plain ground beef. Where are the onions, tomatoes, olives, raisins, and spices?  
If you want basic, cheap Mex food you'll be happy here. But, if you're expecting to receive what is advertised on the menu, you'll leave disappointed as I did.As other reviewers mentioned excellent food, reasonable pricing, great atmosphere, and very friendly attentive staff. La Carreta is my go-to Mexican spot. Taco Tuesday is a great value especially when you add a happy hour margarita. I like that you can get the specials and happy hour pricing without having to dine in, unlike Tacos and Beer.Muy buena atención, los platillos son muy ricos y el ambiente es muy agradable. El mejor restaurante mexicano de New Orleans.Grilled chicken tacos were amazing! Great flavor, char from the grill, homemade corn tortillas. Picadillo (ground beef with potato) taco was also outstanding! Coke products. Great decor. Yummy chips and red salsa. I will be back ASAP!I was in the area to eat someplace else, but the wait was too long...so La Carreta it was. The food wasn't as good as it was on my first visit. I ordered the exact same thing, a chimichanga with carnitas and an elderflower margarita. The meat inside the chimichanga had great flavor, but it was tough and over-cooked. I ordered a side of queso because I remembered wanting more on my last visit. The itty bitty cup of queso on my plate cost an extra $2...rip off! The elderflower margarita was better on this visit and I could actually taste the elderflower. Unfortunately, the drink couldn't make up for the food. I don't see myself returning any time soon.My meal at La Carreta was decent. I ordered the chimichanga with pork. The pork was tender and nicely flavored. The chimichanga has the potential to be great with some minor tweaks. It could have been fried a bit harder and would have benefited with more queso on top. There was A LOT of meat in the inside (yay), but it came across as dry. I also ordered an elderflower margarita. It tasted great, but there's only one problem...I didn't taste the elderflower lol. 
Parking gets 2 thumbs up! It was great for a Saturday evening. My entire party all found parking within a block. Would I return? Yes, if I'm already in the area. However, it wasn't worth the 25 minute drive that I made.We are visiting New Orleans from Chicago. Walking along Magazine street on a Friday afternoon, we came across this gem! We enjoyed wonderful service and the food was amazing. We had fish and shrimp tacos on corn tortillas with queso fresco, cabbage, and pineapple. The taste composition was marvelous- light and bright notes but so hearty and crisp. Do yourself a favor and stop by this gem!Absolutely the best Mexican restaurant in the area! I have been to this location a couple of times and have had an incredible experience each time. I normally don't write reviews but I went during St. Patrick's Day and even though the restaurant was packed, my table and I received incredible service and the food and drinks were great quality. All staff, including the manager, was incredibly attentive. Will continue to return especially for the tacos and handmade margaritas.The decor is beautiful. A truck/ bus serves as the bar and is beautifully painted in vibrant colors. Airbrush sugar skulls in the bricks walls are amazing. 
We ordered the fajitas trio. Chicken,beef and shrimp. With an extra order of tortillas and we had enough to split the meal. Very well prepared and the plate was empty. 
The service was good. We were well taken care of. They were busy and our server was attentive. 
Would recommend you try them. We will certainly returnWhite queso was great with a little pico de Gallo mixed into it. Chicken tortilla soup delicious as well as steak alambres.Good thing is they have free bottomless chips and salsa and..happy hour. I had the sangria margarita which it was good,not too sweet but someone in the group had a regular one and said that it was (He is a bartender). I had a chicken  chimichanga,when I ordered the waitress asked me if I wanted tinga..I said yes ..and it was actually chicken. With a white cream ..and the tortilla wasnt fried enough (I mean..I dont complaint..is healthier but I was expecting the deep fried stuff) it was soft and slightly crunchy on the ends. It looks small but it's a nice portion (not to share) the rice and beans were average. Someone ordered the fajitas and they were good,other companion had the flautas and also..no fried enough they were soft and the flavor kind of bland.
Nice ambience!Simple horrible service. After i placed my order I did not see my server again til it was time for the check. 
Food was ok. Was strange to be charged for an Ice Tea after ordering a large Margarita. Side note I was charged for shredded cheese because apparently fajitas do not come with themIf you're looking for a quick Mexican lunch, and you don't feel like fighting the crowd at Juan's, than La Carreta is the place for you.
I stopped in here for lunch mid-day on a weekday and the place was pretty empty. Free chips and salsa was dropped on the table and I looked over the menu. I was in a burrito kind of mood so I decided to get the build-it-yourself burrito with carnitas. It also comes with your choice of salad or tortilla soup, so I got the soup.
First of all, the soup was fantastic. I never think to order soup at Mexican restaurants, but this one didn't disappoint. The burrito was great as well, it was packed with carnitas and other things and it had a nice kick to it. I also had it topped with a green sauce that has just enough spice. The burrito and soup came to $12 and I took half of the burrito home, so I consider this a complete lunch success!
This spot is great and satisfies the Mexican craving. It's not super authentic, but if you're looking for a burrito fix, this is the spot.I have been to this restaurant a couple of times and I actually think it taste better on any day other than Tuesday. For some reason the meat tasted like it was pre cooked in bulk to guesstimate the $2.00 taco Tuesday crowd or something. Nonetheless I actually enjoy the food here! Both the chicken and steak are really good and that's hard to come by. They like things on the hot side here so if your not a fan of spicy let them know.Love the environment La Carreta provides both indoors and outdoors. Best part is Sunday funday with lunch prices all day.Excellent, terrific service, cute atmosphere, great music and not too loud. delicious margarita. Reasonably price
Will definitely come again!Simple horrible service. After i placed my order I did not see my server again til it was time for the check. 
Food was ok. Was strange to be charged for an Ice Tea after ordering a large Margarita. Side note I was charged for shredded cheese because apparently fajitas do not come with them.Great New Mexican spot... margarita and queso was very good, the salsa had the perfect amount of hotness. Ease to split checks which is always a plus. I got the avocado salad, the chicken was bomb but the seasoning ended up overpowering the lettuce. Amber was our waitress and she was everything you want in a server! The price was also of great value. Happy hour everyday 3-7My fav Mexican place so far in Nola. I take Mexican food seriously and this place pleases. Queso is top notch. Chips are delicious. The steak tacos are amazing. Their sides of beans and rice are also wonderful. I have had great meals from La Carreta delivered on Waitr. Visiting the brick and mortar was cool too. The atmosphere is adorable and everyone was super friendly. Daily specials. I can remember $2 tacos on Tuesday and all day happy hour on Thursday's. It's on the smaller side inside but they are quick and efficient. They have a couple outdoor tables as well. Street parking only.I've been sleeping on La Carreta and also how am I just now finding out about this spot?!
So I have to yell for the folks in the back. Use the Yelp Check-In Offer! Better yet use the offer and ask for the bean dip. It's a bowl of queso with refried beans in it! Mix it around with your fresh tortilla chips and hot damn you'll be delighted. Now cheese is an important food group for any diet (don't fact check me) so make sure to order this alongside their queso fundido (melted cheese in a mini skillet with big chunks of chorizo). The queso fundido is oh so gooey and drips everywhere. JUST THE WAY I LIKE IT.
Ask for extra bowls of chips and salsa btw, you're going to kill them very very easily.
Now they have a happy hour that's pretty competitive y'all. We went on a Sunday and they were offering $4 margaritas that had a nice punch to them. I'm not sure when exactly it ends but we went later in the evening so I'm fairly certain it's at least until 6/7pm. I had their frozen margaritas with fresh mango and I'm craving one right now as I'm typing this.
The bar is actually set up pretty cool as it's actually a converted produce truck so pay attention to all the details. I also found it fun how they placed all those frames on the wall.
If you're a sports fanatic they have plenty of tv's around so you can catch your team of choice.
I ordered the barbacoa tacos with black refried beans and Mexican rice. My plate was absolutely delicious!! I ate everything off the plate and contemplated ordering more.
I'm officially giving this my stamp of approval to help with my Mexican food cravings as it's one of the closest things I've had to the food back home in El Paso, Tx and San Antonio, Tx since moving here.Nothing to scream about. The drinks, bean dip, and the salsa and chips are good. But the food isn't all that to brag about. Did not live up to expectations.The chip and a salsa here was pretty yummy. The taco tasted a little dry and the rice tasted very bland. I probably wouldn't come back here again. The service was also very very slow. Our waitress only came to our table twice and we were there for a while.This placed disguised as a Mexican food restaurant is awful!!! Queso is velvetta with half a pound of salt in it. Every entree we ordered was inedible. Yes it is that bad. Do not bother!!! They are the worst in town. This is not Texmex. Don't eat here save your money get a poboy. It is that bad!!!! Yuckkkkk!!!!!! Shrimp ceviche is boiled shrimp, avocado, tomato and lettuce. SERIOUSLY TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ELSE WHERE. I DONT KNOW WHAT ELSE TO SAY OTHER THAN DONT EAT THIS GARBAGE. They are a franchise and have no business on magazine with quality restaurants!!!!! I don't think any of the reviews that have them more than 2 stars have ever eaten decent Tex mex....this ain't it. If you are like me and have had decent texmex steer clear of this garbage!!!!!!After a wild French Quarter Saturday night, my sister and I were feeling a little rough the next day so we decided to take it easy and head to the garden district. We strolled around magazine street and were feeling a bit hungry so we popped into this restaurant as we both love Mexican food. Super cute vibe inside and a big menu that included a make your own burrito that I was very into. I got a veggie burrito with their spicy chipotle sauce on top. It even came with a delicious little cup of cheesy soup that was much appreciated. The burrito was 10/10, I'm still dreaming about it. The chipotle sauce on top was delicious and a nice addition. The vegetables inside were diverse and well seasoned. Service was nice and attentive too. Had I not been a bit hungover, I think I definitely would have hung out longer and taken advantage of their large drink menu. Would highly recommend this place!La Carreta barely made the cut for 4 stars, probably because I was not too happy about why were all the tacos too dry. The taste was there, the presentation was decent and the service was immaculate but something about dry tacos did not go with me. Their home made sauces are delicious and I didn't like that they brought me Valentina hot sauce when I asked for hot sauce. I called them again and asked like do you have some authentic hot sauce then they brought out the good stuff. The chips and salsa was good and spicy which I think some people won't like but I loved them and the chips where freshly made. Their drinks are pretty good too but might need a little more alcohol. We had the cilantro and pineapple margarita and the basil and pineapple margarita as well. I definitely give props for the service of a big group and will happily come and try out other foods. 
As far as the tacos go. I had 4 tacos 1 carnitas, 1 al pastor(best one), 1 carne asada and 1 Barbacoa(second best). Their tortillas were a little large but also handmade and fresh. My friend had the 2 fish tacos and a chicken enchilada that didn't look too appetizing. Overall I will give them the 4, but barely made that 4 because 1 you should never assume on hot sauce(alway ask if they will like some and tell them the options), 2 I don't like dry tacos, 3 drinks could of been a little bit stronger. Work on those and this will be on my recommended list when I confirm.Disappointing, just really disappointing. Burrito was not cooked or rolled properly, fell apart immediately. Found plastic inside. Got the other part of the order wrong. We're regulars in the neighborhood, and the food has never been this bad. Just... incredibly disappointing.Sangria Margaritas, ummmmm, YES PLEASE!!! $2 Tacos    on Tuesday, YES AGAIN!!!! Girls night with my sister did not disappoint! 
The Sangria margaritas came in a to go cup which was much appreciated during these crazy times of COVID. They were strong and well blended. You can order them on the rocks or frozen. 
I also tried a couple of tacos. The carne asada and the carnitas were AWESOME! I ordered them the traditional style with corn tortillas but they also offer flour tortillas upon request. 
Great location on Magazine St. with street parking available.Stale chips...  Apparently they only make so much tea for the day and if they run out you can't have any more.  Not that they are good at refills anyway.
The refied beans are flavorless... The mexican rice is ... flavorless...  
And they are clueless about the notion of bringing the check until you stop and ask for it...  Despite the fact that they are already clearing empty dishes and plates from the table.
Overall...  I think this place only survives do to tourist foot traffic.I ate here about a month ago while waiting for my dog at the vet. The food, and service were excellent. They were also very clearly practicing safety precautions. And, as a server/bartender in New Orleans, I understand the hardship right now.
I have previously placed 2 delivery orders from them through Postmates (I live on the other side of town- was very excited to see I could get their food again!)
Yesterday, on my 3rd delivery, I was very overcharged. Postmates insisted it was the restaurant. So I called. I spoke with Leo, the GM, who was very patient, understanding, and helpful. This is clearly an issue with Postmates. I had not been charged this way before, Leo explained that that is why they do not partner with Postmates, they go with Waitr.
This restaurant is fantastic, the service I had the one day I ate there, and the food, were enough to keep me coming back through delivery. Just don't go through Postmates! It's not the restaurant's fault!
I will absolutely be coming back for a safe and fantastic meal here, any time I'm in the neighborhood.We ordered street tacos al pastor. Freshly prepared with tender pork and moderately spicy. I would definitely order again. Be sure they include salsa. Comes with rice and beans.Food was delicious. Why can't queso accompany every meal?! Portions were large and value was really there considering quality and portion size. Cilantro margarita was delicious! Plenty of space for social distancing.We're native Californians who stayed in an Airbnb above La Carreta. After a long day of walking we thought we'd pop downstairs to try the cuisine. We made it halfway through stale, overcooked chips before we discovered a fried cockroach near the bottom of the pile. Our waitress was appropriately contrite--the manager, not so much. He defensively explained cockroaches are just a reality in the city and the restaurant takes all appropriate measures to remediate. His diatribe ended with, "what's done is done, I can't say anything that will change what happened?" Somehow, we managed to eat at ten other restaurants, no cockroaches included.
Ultimately he agreed to comp the meal (at our suggestion) but the combination of dead vermin and horrific management resulted in as quick a departure as possible. Luckily we found a taco and beer place nearby.Stopped in here one evening when the place was a bit empty,  was ok for a quick bite to eat. 
Definitely could have passed on the Nachos and just stuck with having a few beersIf you are looking for reasonably priced - VERY GOOD MEXICAN- then La Carreta fits the bill . Chicken Nachos are great - especially with the grilled version of the bird. Steak Quesadillas are outstanding!
One other really important part of your order...treat yourself to a margarita to GO...on the rocks or frozen - both are great - as for the latter, dint drink too fast as the brain freeze is no bueno!