This was our last stop in New Orleans before heading back home. If this review was just about gelato, I would give three stars. It was okay - a little icy but the flavors were good. My boyfriend loved his cappuccino gelato. However, I have never felt so uncomfortable at a restaurant. We weren't greeted or thanked when we left. The man working snapped and scolded an employee because of a mistake she made and that alone made me uncomfortable. I was afraid to ask for a sample because he was grumpy and I didn't want to annoy him. As a customer, I shouldn't feel this way when ordering and eating in your restaurant. We didn't stay to eat because I honestly wanted to leave as soon as possible. I was afraid to make one wrong move because I didn't want to upset the man working.Lovely unpretentious French Quarter lunch spot!  I had a tasty panini and a cup of soup (Red Pepper and Carrot).  Tried the Cassata gelato.  Delicious!  Can't wait to return to try more flavors!So I was in the neighborhood and stumbled onto this little shop, I got the wedding cake drop, I expected it to be like different texture,  I dont kno, it wasn't bad, it was good,  just not what I was expecting. it cost $2.50. Then I ordered a hot chocolate.  It was $2.50. It was deliciousOne of the best places in New Orleans to grab a good cup of coffee.  The dark roast was strong but not bitter, lots of depth, well balanced and flavorful.  We also had a terrific sandwich (their daily special) at the La Divina on Magazine Street.....great bread with a unique combination of beef, greens and cheese.We stopped in here for a gellato on the way to Cafe DuMonde, so we got sidetracked and never made it to DuMonde. Great little spot for gellato, although not exactly cheap for the sizes you get. But the flavors were excellent and we really enjoyed it. I got the bananas foster and loved the sharp cinnamon flavor.Sometimes, you want to feel like a bambino again, and props to La Divnia Gelateria for making this a possibility.
My friend noted that another joint in town won't allow us "grown ups" to order anything smaller than a "small," and let's be real, is there anything akin to an actual size "small"  these days? Y'know, some of us prefer to eat a smaller amount of something that consists mainly of heavy cream and sugar, especially if you have health issues that don't permit it. 
Although you can go to the website and see this information, I'm going to draw attention to it here, anyway (also to highlight the incredibly reasonable prices!):
Bambino  2 oz. 2.00
Piccolo  4 oz. 3.75
Medio  6 oz. 4.85
Grande  8 oz. 
Onto the more delicious information. The flavors! They do vary according to what's in season, but the other night I had a free taste of the sour cherry. This small spoonful resulted in intense flavor epiphanies in my mouth, brain and possibly my soul. Yes, expect the ecstasy to last beyond the spoonful.
Really, does not one need more than 2 oz of this? You know what they say about too much of a good thing...While walking the French Quarter we came across La Davina Cafe y Gelateria when it was time for a snack - lunch etc. It has an address on St. Peter St. but the other side is on Cabildo Alley which is one of those spots made for pictures.
We both had panni one an eggplant parmesan the other a muffalino. The muffalino was tasty and and being on thinner ciabatta bread had a different theme on the New Orleans classic. There isn't a whole lot of food here but I liked the thinner bread instead of the way-to-much bread put on the typical Muffuletta.
The eggplant parmesan was rated as good too. We didn't try the desserts which other people seemed to enjoy.
We will try this place again, although finding places like this is why you should just wander around in New Orleans
We ate out in the alleyEven though the barista was amazingly grumpy and not helpful at all, the gelato was well worth it and is what earned them 5 stars. If you don't have cash however, there is a 10$ minimum if using plastics to pay.If you're going for a casual lunch in New Orleans, you'd  have to be nuts to choose a fast food burger over a muffuletta.
The muffulettas here are outstanding: Italian deli meats and olive salad served in crisp, warm bread.  Splurge on dessert.  Cinnamon gelato and absynthe sorbet.
Yup, I like this place!I went here because I was too lazy to go to magazine ave. it was surprising that this was the first place I saw where ice cream had 4 sizes. 
I was also sad that the flavors that I wanted and was in their website werent in the french quarter branch (what gives?!) However, I got a banana, 70% dark chocolate, and bourbon pecan. All were fantabulous. 
The chocolate was really rich. the banana had the flavor of a slightly still a bit green banana and the bourbon waspretty awesome but was lost somewhere in the mixing with the banana. =/ 
I really wanted to try Honey Sesame Goat's Milk but alas, I cant go anymore =/Very good paninis and ice creams. 
Outside, you will find tables, fresh area even during awarm day. Service is greatGood gelato that is not overly sweet, not foamy or artificial tasting. Their vanilla bean is pretty good, with a slight crunch like I expected. 
Interior is pretty cool and hip.Yum! Very good gelato. I haven't tried anything else, but y'all should stop by and try it out. Also, I love the fact that they have a bunch of sizes to choose from!Stopped in late in the evening looking for something to refresh us.  We were not disappointed.  I had the peach and the wife had the lemon gelato.  It was the perfect way to refresh us on a hot NOLA night.
Not a big gelato eater so only 3 stars since I don't have anything to compare it to.Dido to rude service. When asking him what flavors he liked he made sure to mention to our friend he did not like any of the ones he chose. The whole time his facial expression was as if he was smelling a rotten egg. Ice cream wasn't too bad. Not Your typical flavors. We got the sweet cream and dulce de leche.Bananas Foster gelato.  Banana-cinnamon-y goodness.  I didn't think I was hungry enough to pack anything else in after dinner, but my dessert stomach spoke up and informed me otherwise.  A tad expensive, yes, but that is the nature of gelato, and this gelato is worth it.  Great flavors to choose from (Aztecan Chocolate, red cream soda, etc).  And they serve "Frosty Paws" gelato for your refined canine friend.  Or for you, I guess.  Bananas, peanut-butter, something else that I don't remember as being dog food, so it's probably human-safe.  There are several locations around the city.  This one is right off of Pirate's Alley with plenty of patio seating.  Nice spot if you're in the Quarter.Eh not bad. Not great.  My chocolate chip had an unusual flavor but my spouses chocolate with cinnamon was good.I wish I had asked to try the gelato before I ordered.  The corn gelato was not fresh, and had solid parts as it it had melted, and was refrozen.  Let me explain, when you have gelato (or ice cream) in a container and you let it melt, it will start melting quicker and liquifying at the surfaces.  When you refreeze it, it will not be creamy and it will feel as a solid paste as you eat it.  That is what I experienced.  For the price I was expecting higher quality; a six ounce cup was $5.31
I dont like to waste my money, therefore I dont think I will be returning to this place.This place is teeny tiny but i just love every inch of it. They make good sandwiches, but above all they have great gelato. REAL gelato. I'm so tired of going to places that say they serve gelato and it's really just plain ice cream! The selection of flavors is pretty good, not huge but not small. They also sell a pretty good olive salad that you can buy by the jar. Great location, great gelato! It's the perfect pit stop on a hot day in NOLA.I wish there was an option for no stars at all!  I have never been treated so bad as I have at this store. I have been three times and only once was it pleasant.  The workers here treat you like you are a chore and a burden on them... Baby if you don't want to serve me, find a new job.  I like the food and apple cider, but I will not tolerate straight nastiness from people when all I want to do is give you money.  You want gelato go to Little Vic's on toulouse. Vic is MORE than happy to ensure you get what you want.I happened upon this little cafe after a long and hungry stroll hunting for lunch on the go. Basically, they serve paninis and gelato... and they have a few random tables to sit.
I was thrilled to read over their panini menu & find an egg and cheese combo. Although it wasn't breakfast time, that sounded like a good tummy pleaser. It was fresh bread and fresh ingredients (not pre-made) and the crispy foil wrapped sammy did not disappoint.
I would rate higher if the girl behind the counter had been more on top of her game. She asked me at least 3 times what I wanted, forgot it was to go, then forgot my water & to charge me for it. Then she forgot who ordered it (although there were only 2 other people in the place). So the whole thing was a tad bizarre... maybe it was her first day - I'm not sure. Next time I'll give the gelato a try - as it looked very yummy indeed!Wandered into Divina after a hot afternoon of treasure hunting in the French Quarter, and were really pleased we did. Not your usual hum-drum selection of Gelato's, my wife tried the Mojito and Mango mixed in a cup, and I sucked down an Aztec Chocolate shake (with honey, cinammon and cayenne flavors adding an intriguing twist). The Mardi Gras pics on the wall and contextual descriptions of Greek Mythology added to the enjoyable ambience, with outside tables in a quiet alley off the street. A great place to take a break, get refreshed and recharged, would visit again for sure.Omg best gelato I've ever had - Sucra (dark chocolate)!!
But seriously, like other reviews have said, the floor is so dirty. Just like the rest of the city. They obviously get a ton of traffic because they were almost out of all gelato at 9:30pm.As the second yelp reviewer I second the views expressed by the first. We have a gelato place in our home town of Petoskey, MI. La Divina has a more rustic frnch quarter atmosphere (which is no revelation) and more inventive flavor offerings than American Spoon Gelato Cafe.  The service was friendly - sample all you want and the servings are generous.
Go-enjoy!
Cash only for purchases less than $10Fantastic and authentic gelato.  Have had trouble finding gelato in the US that resembles my travels in Italy, and the place hit the spot.  Superb gelato.  The king cake version was delicious, but I think the butter pecan was even better.  Staff was slow and mildly polite.  You can sit outside and dine.  Slow.Great gelato spot in the French quarter. It's a nice cool down spot with a lovely outdoor alley patio.
Make sure to check the consistency of your chosen flavors prior to ordering as their freezer definitely needs a tune up. 
We ordered dark chocolate, coconut (their signature), sweet cream, and creme freche. All of the flavors were very good. In my humble opinion, the creme freche is a must order! 
The server was an older gentlemen and gruff but somehow added to the experience. The line was out the door but worth the wait. 
If I was a local, I'd be a regular here!Extremely rude employees! Every question I asked was met with a rude or annoyed answer. I asked for my order to go and the lady started yelling about how it "messed EVERYTHING UP!" I was shocked that a restaurant (with mediocre food at best) couldn't be a little more polite to their customers.I wish there were an option to give negative 5 stars. We ordered egg paninos, one with prosciutto & one with pancetta. They were mediocre at best, with soggy focaccia from the tomato and not enough pancetta to be charged an extra $2.50 for it. The cream that was added to the iced coffee was sour and curdled, so we couldn't even drink it. It's dingy inside. I'd recommend walking right on by, not worth the $$.Meh, I was really disappointed with this place. The service was shitty to start, so I was already considering leaving. The prices online do NOT match the prices in the store; everything was $2-4 more than I was expecting. Decided to try anyways. The panini I got (turkey, "fresh" avocado, onion, mozzarella) was really, REALLY small for $8.50, and pretty average flavor wise. To be honest, I could have had the same taste from one of those freezer/store-bought-heat-in-microwave paninis. I was really underwhelmed.
The upside was the gelato; though expensive, it really does taste home made and you are able to sample a lot of flavors. I ended up choosing just the classic milk chocolate, but it was thick and creamy and I ended up pleased with it. Go there for gelato or a latte, skip for food. You'll end up spending too much and still be hungry.I stumbled into this spot with my friend while looking for Meltdown. I was totally disappointed that I couldn't find the previous spot, so my expectations of any type of cold dessert were slim, but we had to get something cause the heat and humidity were killing us. 
The selection of flavors all looked really good. My first choice would have been the Mint Julep, but they ran out so I got the Strawberry Balsamic and a cup of iced coffee. SO TASTY. The gelato was more like a sorbet, but was so satisfying in the hot weather.  
The fresh strawberry flavor was delicious with an acidic background tone from the balsamic. The coffee was strong and tasty, perfect for the hot weather. 
Good thing I couldn't find Meltdown cause I would've missed out on some great gelato!Decent favors but super high prices for such a small serving size. I get larger portions for same price in Philly or NYC!I had the perfect lunch here for a party of one when my travel companion and I split up for the afternoon.  They offer a very vegetarian (and healthy!) menu selection and the prices are not bad either.  I had a great time sitting outside, soaking in the sun, sinking my teeth into the mouthwatering zucchini panini I had ordered, and delving into a book I just bought.  Fabulous service too!  Best part was it was not a huge tourist restaurant that was noisy and crowded, just a cute small place tucked on St. Peter Street, so I was grateful to enjoy a tasty meal in peace.This place was amazing.  You can sample any of the flavors--which aren't boring flavors.  
I had the Mango Sorbet.  You could tell it was made from real mangoes, not just some bottled flavor.  
My friend had the Azteca Chocolate.  It's dark chocolate with cayenne and cinnamon.  It was delicious!  (I sampled that, too.) :)
I highly recommend this place for a way to cool off.If you search for good espresso like I do, let me give you a freebie by telling you about this place. Right in French Quarter, you might actually be tired of drinking alcohol and come here for a pick-me-up. They have great gelato flavors and great coffee and tea. I had single-shot espresso and it was quality! My finace had his espresso with gelato. I wish I could remember the name of the gelato flavor...but it was like a dark chocolate with some heat to it. Amazing with the espresso!!Pros:
The Muffaletta here rivals Central. Try the moon pie, root beer, and mango sorbetti. Their ingredients are locally sourced. All natural ingredients.
Cons:
I ordered an affogato and the cashier didn't seem to know how to make one. 
Service was a bit slow -- there was a consistently long line with only one cashier and server.
Overall, I'd come back here again for their muffaletta and sorbetti!The gelato was just fine but the experience was less than to be desired! I was given a gift card as of late and the card did NOT specify at what location it had to be used. However, when I got up to pay with my card, there was immense confusion from the girl behind the register, who then had to go get her manager. I was told that I could not use the gift card there because they had no way to swipe it. 
--How can you sell gift cards and not use them for all your locations or at least specify which locations to use them at?!--
::frustrating::
Luckily, my wonderful fiance was with me and paid cash for our purchase. I received a small discount for the inconvenience which was nice since I didn't have to ask for it. BOO. I will not be back to this location.Worse service ever!!! I work in food service and don't know how any manager or business owner can tolerate employees like this establishment's! This place will auto gratuity your check, mainly because the service they give warrants negative gratuity. I can't even review the food because I'm so upset with service, I can't even eat right now. We asked about the auto gratuity because we weren't aware and tipped 20% on top of that. Not only did the staff not reverse the 38% tip we left, they were extremely rude about it. Then proceeded to rudely swear and talk about us behind the counter as if we couldn't hear them. Luckily, the manager walked in to calm the situation, slightly. What I mean by "calm the situation" he took the staff outside to talk about us. We will never even walk by this place again and will never send friends or family near this place. The only reason why they're getting one star is because yelp won't let me save this review without selecting a star...One of the people working was incredibly helpful, and the other one was seeming to have the worst day of her life. she proceeded to tell me I didn't order something I did, and the salads I were both drenched in dressing. The Caprese salad, which normally has basil, was served over a bed of iceberg lettuce, and the tomatoes on both that and the house salad were definitely too old to serve. My slice of pizza wasn't warmed in an oven, but a microwave. 
That said, the gelato looked great and the espresso was very flavorful, but I can't really get over the lady who told me I was wrong. She was also calling "NEXT" to each new customer like a high school lunch lady. 
Go for the gelato! Don't get the salads.Slow service because of small staff, but it has okay food. But nothing special. Only gelato place I saw during my stay at New Orleans though!We heard a lot of good things about it, but when I tried their ice cream I was seriously disappointed and 4$ for 1 tiny scoop is a total rip off !!! Don't recommend it !The gelato here is lovely but I found the young man working the counter to be exceptionally rude. He was reluctant to let me try any flavors and even said he was cutting me off after I sampled 2 spoons. I was absolutely unimpressed. Samplers improve customer satisfaction and increase purchases. Would have been five stars as the place is so sweet but I can really only give three because of the service.stopped in here for some gelato on a hot day since it was the closest place to where we were.  We ordered a mocha gelato and a red cream soda gelato.  The mocha gelato was pretty strong in flavor, almost too strong.  the red cream soda gelato pretty much just tasted like plain old vanilla ice cream.  too bad because I was really excited that they had it.  So unfortunately, not the greatest gelato in the world, but we only tasted 2 flavors out of the 20 or so that they had.The gelato was okay, something about the texture was "off" and not as good as the gelato at the Magazine Street location. The trash cans were overflowing outside of the store. The cashier was griping at the lady in front of me about wages and tipping. She was saying she counts on tips because she only makes $7.25 an hour. That's still more than a waiter or waitress makes. It made me uncomfortable and I didn't want her to call me out in front of everyone so I tipped her a dollar. 
This location needs an overhaul.Best gelato in Nola. We hit this place every time we're in the quarter.A group of us came here to have a gelato here today.  We are so disappointed with the service . Their gelato was melted so we asked that he scoops out the firm part. He replied saying " I know how to do my job!".  He rolls his eyes and gives off a real attitude.  Whatever.   We ended up returning the watermelon gelato because it was almost melted and he got snotty, not even apologetic.  He did replace it, but we are all so disgusted with the bad service.   
Sorry, we cannot recommend this placeI'm sorry but this is not at all gelato. I just returned from living in Italy for a little under a decade and good god this is the worst gelato I've ever had. Staff is rude as well- just to top it off.Do you know that taking 2 extra minutes, can really impact someone's evening. It can either enhance or diminish impact immensely. La Divina is one of my favorites in the city, that being said. After being out of town and not being able to have one of my favorites, for a month or so, I'll still be denied......shop hours are  closed for 8. Mind you I stop in a minimum of once a week when in town. I arrived at 8:05, and was told there was absolutely NO WAY she, Erin, could get me a sorbet. I knew what I wanted and was going to pay in cash. The point being, this was complete laziness and lack customer service. That one order would have been enough to pay for her last hours wage! I know she would not be on my payroll with that type of attitude. Erin is the exact unfortunate shape customer service has become. 
'I paid $2.40 for the smallest available size. The portion was so tiny! Most other gelato shops would give you a free sample size just slightly smaller than the size of this. The gelato was still decent, but it was not as creamy and delicious as others I've tried. My server was mean and a bit rude.Went back again on my last trip in December. My friend & I were in the mood for a hearty breakfast, but without a lot of fanfare. She'd never tried their pannini before, so I took her here. It was just terrific. We were there fairly early, so staff was there but not the owner. When he showed up, he greeted us as if he were truly happy we were there, which is INFINITELY more than can be said about a lot of places. Still very highly recommended.Awesome place to grab a quick dessert that is not over-filling!
My wife and I discover La Divina on the third day of our five day stay in NOLA, and I am so glad we found it!  We visited here 3 days in a row.  The gelato here is smooooooooooooth and delicious!  Word of warning though:  Do not wait until the late evening to go here, they run out of varieties!
Mmmmm, I wish I had a cup of the Creme Brulee now....Pricey, yes.  But I've yet to encounter gelato that ISN'T pricey.  
When I was visiting New Orleans, I went here every single night.  Every single night! Yes, I did gain at least 5 pounds, thanks for asking.  But it was worth it!
Their flavors change constantly and the service was kind of slow each time we went but it's okay.  Everything is kind of slow down there compared to where I'm from.  
Well worth it.  And have a cup of tea while you're at it, if you can stand the heat.Stopped in here for a low-key breakfast. We both ordered the frittata. It was supposed to come with a coffee and fruit. The guy at the register seemed very overwhelmed even though there were only a few patrons.  We had to remind him the coffee was included.  No big deal, we then had a seat outside which was really nice. We waited about 30mins and inquired about food.  We were served a very small egg something that looked like it was fresh out of the microwave with a few greens. Not at all what was described on menu. Big disappointment, when I asked about the fruit the guy preparing food got super huffy and upset and argued with the guy at register then handed me two very thin slivers of cantelope. Ha! Awful! We left hungry. So it's a no go for breakfast maybe better luck with the gelato.Wow. I am a local and have never had such a crappy restaurant experience. There were dirty cups on the counter. We ordered a kid cone for my son, the server did not push the ice cram in the cone and it fell out on to the floor at first lick. Said server- "happens all the time." I wonder why.
Next, I ordered a brownie pie with a scoop of ice cream. It took 15 minutes to get it and was hard as a rock. I returned it, as it was clearly days old.
The woman at the register, hair in a very loose ponytail (yuck, get the hair up), was slower than my 76 year old mother. She served other people who came in after us their gelato first, could not locate plates, cups, etc. there were people waiting outside for some attention. 
Do not go here, unless you want crappy service and a lousy food experience.This is a really cute place. Located down the alley past Faulkner House Books, La Divina is apparently the only place in New Orleans where you can get authentic gelato. At least that was what my brother said, and I can't confirm or deny his source. Anyway, it was a hot day in the French Quarter, and we'd been walking since breakfast so a cold treat was definitely what we needed. I had the strawberry, and it tasted like I'd bitten into the freshest, juiciest strawberry ever. De-lish.For $5.81 We had 2 scoops of gelato: bourbon pecan and bananas foster, which taste great and go together well. We enjoyed it in their outdoor patio. 3 scoops for $8.57, it is a pricey treat.Crazy slow. Food pretty good but waited 30 minutes for a waffle. Just one guy working; if there's any kind of line - walk away.It's both teeny and tiny and there's lots going on site - the gelato arrangement may take up the majority of the counter space, but make no mistake, they're cranking out sandwiches, soups and more, and if they're of the same caliber as the slightly tweaked BLT I noshed, there's plenty of like to go around here. 
By and large La Divina appears to be a one-man operation (or at least it did on the day when I stopped in), and given the diminutive state of the shop itself, that appears to be plenty of manpower to make things happen. In the time that I was in, I noted that breakfast appears to be served all day, that the gelato selection was varied, that they turn out a mean sandwich, and that any of it may well be best enjoyed by lounging at one of the cafe tables outside. In all, not a bad way to spend an afternoon.OK, I was tired, my knees were killing me and this place just appeared in front of me as I cut thru an alley.  Outdoor seating and a chance to rest me knees.  I'll take it.  The pleasant surprise was the root beer gelato was great.  A perfect refresher so I could continue my quest  in the shops of the FQ.We came out to New Orleans for Mardi Gras this year, and had breakfast here our first morning in the city. The atmosphere of the restaurant, coupled with the (presumably unaffiliated) musician playing the accordion across the street from us made me feel like I had stepped out of the French quarter and directly into Italy. I'm not an espresso fan, but my dining companion was highly impressed, and the hot chocolate was the best I have ever had. The pane perso, as well, was delicious, and I greatly enjoyed that all of the meals we had were served with a slice of cantaloupe. In a 4 day trip we went twice, and tried to go a third time the morning after Mardi Gras, but unfortunately they were closed. I would recommend this little gem to anyone - though I never did try the gelato.I enjoy the bottled sodas here. But more often than not my sodas have exploded. I guess that's something to be expected with imported soda. So be careful. Maybe open your soda outside.This place is a nice shop with a great little outdoor patio to eat your dessert.
I had the bourbon pecan gelato in a cone, and it was excellent.Went here again just about every day of my most recent trip.  My boyfriend suggested we try to find a new place just for the sake of trying something new.  I was cranky about it but agreed.  We wandered around, looking at various places ... me with my phone in hand, searching Yelp for ice cream places nearby, and only finding some place that sells Popsicles ... no thanks.  After enough of my whining, we ended up back here (yet again).  I love that they let you try flavors beforehand because some of them just don't translate so well to gelato (avocado, as much as I love you, you make a disgusting gelato).  
I never get more than the 4oz size but I usually try two flavors at once.  Yummm, go here!Super flavorful gelato! I had the Aztec Chocolate. Honey, cinnamon and cayenne flavored dark chocolate gelato. Just enough spice to linger a bit after each bite. In a 2-scoop cup with creme brûlée. Custardy, rich and creamy with a crackle of sugar on top. Yum! My husband's peach prosecco sorbetto was marvelous too. I would come back here again.Terrible! The owner or manger in charge was extremely rude! We walked many blocks and through every parade & party in NOLA to get to this place, only to find, that they were "closing early" (One Hour Early) and could have cared less about us. They are put first, not the customer! What a terrible experience and no thanks to the woman in charge who left the lights and door completely open, only to kick us out and tell us what I said above. But I want to apologize to the manager, she was making out with her boyfriend when we got there outside, were so sorry we interrupted to bring you business, trust us, we will never do it again.Everybody agrees that the bread was awesome.  We went with 2 other people and everybody liked their food.  Then we topped it all off with some really good gelato.  The owners were very nice too.
I woudl go there again.Somewhat pricey for the sizes you get, but it is very delicious!
We got the creme brulee and chocolate as well as a root beer float (made with root beer ice cream!)
Yum!They have really good tasting gelato especially the azteca. A great combination of chocolate something everyone should try at least once hopefully their cannoli is good!This review is purely for the gelato. We didn't have any food or drinks there, just gelato.
And boy, was it good.
Creamy, thick, rich, and full of flavor, each flavor delivered on its name. The Azteca was thick, dense, and rich, full of chocolate and just enough cinnamon and rum to give it an edge. The tea flavors were first rate (though the chai tasted just a little bit watery). Other flavors (avocado, lavender honey, butter pecan) were all excellent, too.
The size of the cup you get isn't necessarily indicative of the serving size - they serve by weight here, so if you have big air pockets in your cup that's why. Where I'm from, they pack the cup to the brim, so that was a little bit disappointing.
The guy behind the counter relentlessly tried to up-sell us on other stuff at the cafe, and this was a bit off-putting, as was the tinny stereo echoing off the walls and tile floor, but not enough to keep us from getting more gelato there.Walking in the Quarter and wanted some ice cream to cool down, pull up yelp and see that his place is around the corner.  My son had the chocolate gelato (I'm not sure he knows there are other flavors), my wife had creme brule gelato and I tried the sweet potato.  All three were good.  Mine tasted like sweet potato pie.
I liked the place, it was quiet, had some shade outside and a really cool feel inside.  Nothing but Beatles on the stereo, a daily "Guess the Poet" game for free gelato on the board and great service.  
I'd rate it higher but I keep comparing it to Creole Creamery and it just doesn't measure up.  Still a great place to stop in if you're in the area.The gelato topped with a shot of espresso is a really nice combination. They have a bit of courtyard seating outside alsoI had the lime gelato which was good. I wish I had more to choose from but most of the flavors they had looked like they had melted and not too appetizing. I probably won't return.The gelato was creamy.
There was a good selection.
The service was accommodating.  They let us pay later so that we could use a credit card, and they let us use credit card before we reached the $10 min. since we were only a few cents off.
I tried the Balsamic, the Mocha, and the Cappuccino.  They were all delicious.Short & sweet:
Service: 4
Gelato: 4
Wait time: 5
Price: 2
Cleanliness of bathroom: n/a
I get that you're in the French Quarter, La Divinia. And I also get that your gelato's pretty darn tasty. And the weather was like the inside of a burning oven. And there were cool flavors that I enjoyed sampling. But $4-something for that small cup? I like you, but I don't like you THAT much. 
That said, I liked your little chalkboard advertisement outside. It made me smile so I'll give you credit for that. Perhaps you weren't that bad.My friend and I were looking for something to cool us off in the 95-degree weather and luckily we came upon La Divinia.  I backpacked through Italy years ago and while there, gelato was one of my favorite tasty treats.    
I was a little bit surprised by their combinations, yet strangely intrigued.  We tried many of the combinations like blueberry basil, honey goats milk, pineapple mint, and dark chocolate cayenne.  I decided on the dark chocolate cayenne, it had just a hint of spice at the end of it that was not overwhelming-I highly recommend it.  
One sore point for me was that there was not a public restroom.  Yes I am aware that it is downtown NO, yes I know that it is close to Bourbon, yadda, yadda.  However, it was the off-season and if I want to sit and enjoy the gelato that I purchased, I feel like there should be a restroom for customers.Rude service. High prices . They threw a credit card at my boyfriend, and pretended they did not understand me when I asked for a coffee.
They were out of every item on the menu we asked. The only thing that goes for this place is its location.I had a great egg bagel with mozzarella and prosciutto on a poppyseed bagel, large unsweetened iced tea, and quadruple cappuccino. I then had a scoop of cookies and creme and a scoop of Aztec chocolate gelato. All of it was great. The service was also great. I got my food fast and everyone was happy to be working there and kind. I eat outside where they have a relaxing set up of tables.Lady that served us was lovely, but then a second lady that appeared to be the owner made an appearance and spoiled the entire mood. We visit here every time we come to New Orleans but think this will be our last time. Everyone has their bad days but if I'm paying French Quarter prices for gelato, please don't take out your anxiety on your customers. Looking through some of the recent posts, looks like we were not alone in our experience. Shame.BOTTOM LINE: the food was okay but DEFINITELY not worth the TERRIBLE SERVICE. You could not pay me to come back here again. I truly believe that in food service (having grown up around and worked in for many years) customer service is very important and that such behavior from employees should NEVER be tolerated. 
Stopped by this place for a quick lunch. Ordered about $50 worth of food and tipped 20% only to realize that they put auto-gratuity of 18% already on my bill. This is a order at the counter and clean up your tablet after yourself kind of place so I honestly didn't think it  warranted a greater than 20% tip so i asked the cashier if i could cancel either the auto-grat or the tip i wrote. She was EXTREMELY rude and pretty much said, i cant reverse it and there are signs that say we auto-grat that you should have read. In all honesty the money wasn't even the issue at that point it was the fact that she was so incredible rude and hostile that I honestly don't even think she deserved a tip at all! She kept yelling at me and saying "we give good service."  It was like a joke!  So then the two workers proceeded to talk loudly behind the counter about our table even though we were only 3 ft away and when the manager came back she proceeded to vilify me with me listening. It was incredibly bizarre! I walked up to the owner/manager and explained the situation. I essentially told him it really wasn't even the money that was the issue, it was more the fact that she gave such poor service to the point were she was yelling at me that I did not think she deserved any tip. I would have rather given the money to some random person on the street.  Meanwhile the worker kept yelling over her boss to the point that he sent her to the back. I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life.Light, Simple, Great place for a Cold Snack!! Small establishment but who needs a big joint to serve gelato?? 
The smallest serving is actually a Big Serving. 
Don't be a Fat-Ass, it's gelato, learn to Enjoy the Little Things!!Great panini's... simple yet very fresh ingredients... good portion size (slightly small if you like to eat a lot). Slow service but that was on a sunday around noon so understandable.  I'm sad I didn't the gelato... it's been since Italy since I had authentic gelato... and theirs looked the part.I've only ever had the gelato here - never tried the sandwiches, salads, coffee or pastries - but judging by the superior quality of the gelato, I'd feel pretty secure in recommending everything this place has to offer. This is seriously some of the best gelato I've ever had, and I love the creative and adventurous flavor combinations that are constantly being invented. I had the green tomato gelato with orange and clove honey, and the salted caramel, and both were outstanding. A great gelato shop, full stop. Highest recommendation possible.They have traditional (like Straciatella) flavors, but also unique ones (like Guiness or Beet and Lime), but they are all delicious. The lattes are made fresh and taste like real European-style coffee. The ambiance is friendly, with some outdoor seating, and the inside plays authentic Italian tunes.Stopped in to get a cup 'of the best coffee ever' as their sign described.
It's not, it's average at best, but it was fast & hot.Considering this temple to tasty treats is walking distance from my house, it is a wonder I don't need to be borne on a litter in order to get around. Let's just stipulate that American gelato can never compare to the supernally ethereal Italian version because our dairy products differ too much. That said, La Divina concocts more interesting gelati and sobretti than even the best gelaterias in Rome, Venice,Florence or Milan. The baked goods on hand are always excellent, often as imaginative as the creamy yummies. Add good espresso and a wide ranging savory menu ( pannini, salads,soups) and needn't really leave.Excellent after walking in the heat and humidity in the Garden District. Definitely stop in. The servings of gelato are generous ;-) Get an iced espressor with cream. Heaven on earth!When we were walking along Magazine Street, we decided at the spur of the moment to give this place a try. We were not disappointed. The strawberry and cafe de louche scoops of gelato rewarded my taste buds. 
  The one negative is that the gelato is not offered in cones.
   The atmosphere was relaxing. Kind of reminded me of a cafe.
   The service was also good. The gentleman  who served us, the owner I assume, let us sample the couple of flavors that we were curious about. And there were flavors such as Red Soda, that we never heard of.
   It was a different experience having gelato with a tiny spoon. It was a different eating experience that I enjoyed because it took longer to savor each bite.Not bad gelato. Tried the White Choc Brown Butter and the Abita Root Beer flavors. Flavors were a bit muted and didn't really come out. Good texture and consistency though.Extra slow service and sub standard sandwich. Spend your time and money someplace else.I think this was the first place I ever had gelato. Strawberry Balsamic. Amazing!Interesting, passionately developed flavors. 
Sadly the counter person was neither interesting or passionate.Aztec chocolate. So good. It's hard to try new things when I love the spicy, dark chocolate blend so much. Yesterday I did deviate though and got the blueberry-basil. While the flavor of the blueberry was super intense and fantastic, it was way too sweet. I would have liked more basil too. Another favorite was a Christmas special, chesnut ice cream with pine nuts and rosemary. Amazing. Good coffee, inventive flavors you won't see at Sucre. Someday I'm going to actually eat their real food because the menu looks tempting.Good Gelato, Italian Ice Cream at it's worldly finest IMHO.
These folks have the traditional as well as some unusual flavors: changes often enough you just have to come in and find out. This time around, we tried the Pineapple Mint, Ping Pong (cream soda) and the Pistacchio, all are delicious. 
Gotta love the 'hood too.We enjoyed our experiences at the French quarter location so much, we stopped into this one. We enjoyed our herbal iced tea, and my husband said the caprise (not sure if that is spelled right) salad was perfect. I can't give it 5 stars, although the food is great, the tables were dirty inside and out and there were TONS of flies inside around the tables. Flies are really gross, and they need to take care of that, it's unsanitary and unpleasant. We ate outside at a dirty table instead. It would be 5 stars, but I just can't get over the flies and lack of clean tables, particularly when it's not busy.Stopped here for a snack while spending the afternoon in the Garden/Magazine area. Nice selection of uniquely flavored gelatos. I had a half-and-half of King Cake and Choc-Raspberry flavors. Very delicious and satisfying.Have only been there twice, but great service!  I love that they use a lot of local produce to make their gelattos, sorbets and other menu items.
By far the best latte I have had in the city, now that Rue de la Course moved away from this area 
I highly recommend this place over other places in this part of Magazine StreetThis is, bar none, my favorite business in New Orleans. I'm there way more often than I should be, and they always have new and different flavors of gelato. Some of my favorite flavors are the creme brulee, the dark chocolate, and the hazelnut, but they're all pretty fantastic. The store uses a lot of local ingredients, and everything is freshly made. The great thing is, they happily let you taste as many flavors as you want--even if you've already ordered your cone. The staff is really, really friendly, and will make suggestions. 
One of my favorite things about this place: the CONE. Unlike most ice cream/gelato stores, La Divina makes their own cones using a thin waffle maker (and then they wrap that around a cone shape and let it harden). Most cones detract from the gelato-- la divina cones add that much more.This review in on the food - not the gelato as I just cannot wrap my head around some of the flavors. I am sorry but I am a vanilla gal so the combinations here are not for me.
However - I have to have their Tomato Basil Soup and a Panini at least once a week. I have had a few different ones but I keep going back to the Tri Colore Panini. Oh man... it is just heaven. The soup is possibly the best I have had.
Also, during Mardi Gras, they have these small king cakes - SO DEELISH!
My complaint - the kitchen closes at 7. So for us non 9-5 ers.. we are not able to get anything after 7... SAD FACE!
I can walk here and I love it!amazing gelato, really unique flavors. their baked goods selection was small, but looked awesome. i had a great veggie panini. really good prices, they also have AWESOME iced coffee. i will definitely be back!I love gelato! And when I'm on vacation, it's so fun to find a spot to get some each night walking home after dinner. We were glad to find this place (via the Yelp mobile app), but I was a little disappointed in the offerings.
So many flavors were avant garde (avocado, berry and balsamic, etc.), and when I asked if they had pistachio, the clerk said, "no" rather tiredly. Also, she gave us both dishes automatically instead of asking if we wanted the servings in cups or in the cones. 
They have a pretty little seating area outside that would be lovely for people watching during hospitable weather. We chose to eat and walk, but I thought the shop was lovely.
The limoncello flavor I had was very good, refreshingly tart, and my husband had some variation of chocolate. it hit the spot, but I would have liked more choices of traditional flavors such as you find in Europe. I guess that's not what they do here.La Divina is la delicious!  The gelato is creamy and ddecadent.  The bananas foster has a delightful ribbon of caramel heaven.  The mango is almost as bold and sensuous as the ones I've had from local farmers markets in Costa Rica. I cannot wait to come back and try more flavors.  I wish they offered a sampler of every one.What a great place! Popped in to treat myself to a gelato and rest my feet after doing a lot of walking. The gelato was (aptly) divine, and lots of unique flavors to choose from.This place is just ok. The price to scoop ratio is just not there. The gelato is on the icier side, the fruity gelatos are just watery. The cannoli is not a true cannoli. The dough isn't crispy and the filling isn't sweet, almost chalk like. 
If you want as close to Italian gelato as you can get, head over to Angelo Brocatos, or second best in the city is over at sucre, two doors down.I tried some of their fig marscapone gelato and a delicious rosemary pine nut cookie- I will definitely go back for dessert! Their lunch and dinner options (paninis, salads, and soups) looked very appetizing as well. We went right before they closed, but they were still happy to serve us!This is a great little place to relax, read a book and eat some tasty inventive gelato. I had trouble deciding between carrot, persimmon brown sugar gelato and the Gorgonzola, pear and walnut. I went with the Gorgonzola. I love this combo on salads why not dessert? I like how they push the envelope and made it tasty. Hmmm, envelope...This La Divina has the same fantastic gelato and tasty Paninis as the French Quarter location, but with a much larger space and some serious air conditioning! The vibe here is modern and a little funky, with bright walls and amoeba-like chairs. There's a little children's play area along the wall, which makes it even more of a hit with the little ones. Air conditioning, gelato, and toys? What could be better? I'll tell you what. Cupcakes! The pastry cabinet here is filled with some lovely looking baked goods, including red velvet cupcakes topped with a hefty dollop of cream cheese frosting. It's hard to think about other sweet treats when you're in the presence of gelato-licious perfection, but if you're serious about your sugar, this is the place to be.Excellent but expensive gelato, but the selection was not as good as Sucre, down the street.   Too much chocolate (is that possible?) variations, and just a few fruity selections.  Also the counter service was a bit cold, so prefer Sucre.Coffee was really good. But the attitude of the server was a little bit awkward... But again coffee was good...Props for having a gelato flavor I've never seen before, Scotch.  That's right, Glenlivet gelato baby!  They called it "Single Malt."  It was absolutely divine.  Great place for refreshment on your travels up (or down) Magazine.Best Italian style Gelato and Sorbet in NOLA. My favs are the blueberry-basil and  pineapple-mint sorbettos! Delicious and refreshing on a hot summer day.October might be fall season for New Orleans... but walking around for hours did build up a sweat and La Divina Gelateria seemed to be the perfect place to chill out and have a time out.
The lady at the counter was really helpful and after trying a few flavours I decided on Satsuma Fennel and Pumpkin Pie. The gelato was definitely on the sweet side after having more than a few mouthful, but just maybe a personal preference as I never is a person with super sweet tooth.
Luckily, my travel companion found me and help me with the rest of the gelato...  Always good to share!I'm a big fan of the fact they use the excellent and Louisiana local Smith Creamery dairy products in making their tasty treats.  I'm often much less a fan of many of their flavors of gelato.  I'm often just in the mood for plain strawberry and I respect the fact they attempt to use things that are locally in season but even when strawberries are in season they usually don't have just a plain strawberry.  I can appreciate their wild and whacky combinations but sometimes I just want plain strawberry.Best Gelato in the US.  So many awesome flavors, many taking advantage of local ingredients (because they are fresh and good, not just because they are local)I come here more often then my check in's let on. I live right down the street, so it is a lovely walk for a nice treat. Today I had creme brulee AND peanut butter and jelly. Holy Moly.GIANT PANINI SANDWICHES. WHO WOULDA THOUGHT?! 
Honestly, stop in for lunch and split one of many diverse and delightful sandwiches with a friend as soon as possible. I'm only suggesting that you share it for two reasons: 1. You will eat the whole thing by yourself if given the opportunity, and that is a LOT of food. 2. You want to save room for homemade gelato. I, sadly, did not listen to advice piece #1(because I didn't have it, clearly) so I left sans Italian treat but had the pleasure of tasting while waiting for my sandwich to be prepared. 
Bonus: it's in a great spot to stroll up and down Magazine Street pre/post mealFabulous variety of gelato flavors including the rather unusual bourbon pecan, Abita root beer, sweet potato pie, and goat cheese!  Some classics include lime and lemon (my favorite).  Affordable prices as well...  Definitely recommended!
Also doubles as a cafe and sandwich place, I think...So after stumbling on Atchefalaya we asked the owners were we could get some great ice cream. He said that they sourced La Divina Gelateria and that it was back on Magazine St.
So, even though we were stuffed to the gills, I burped, made some room, and we moseyed on over to La Divina.
I tasted several flavors, but I ended up going with a small scoop of borbon praline. I also tried the amareda(or something - sweet cream with sour cherry). It was delicous. The staff was very helpful and patient, total Southern hospitality. We even ended up running into the owner of atchefalaya.
It was slightly pricey as a medium was $5, but really considering the quality of the ingredients they used it wasn't too bad. Definitely make a stop here or at their French Quarter location and have a taste!This place has good gelato, but I am giving it 2 stars (and the French Quarter store as well) because their customer service is not at all wonderful.
I was given a gift card to this store--in fact, my entire class was--a few years ago, for $10. That same year I attempted to use the gift card at the store, but the employee there said the gift card ONLY worked at the French Quarter store and the college campus store, but he told us that the problem at that store was being worked on (like, they would get the machine that would be able to scan the gift cards.)
My friend and I went back a few months later, but still, they told us the same thing. This time what we were told was a little different--that it ONLY worked at the college campus store, and that it had to have been bought from that store.
I asked my teacher who gave the card to me, and he had bought it from the Magazine St. store. Interesting.
Went a third and final time to this store where I was told by a very surprised employee that they didn't sell gift cards! "How did you get one?" (this gift card was very much legitimate, with 'La Divina' engraved on it and everything)
Finally, about a year ago, my friends and I were in the Quarter, so we tried the cards at the French Quarter store. There we got absolute horrible service and I vowed to never go to La Divina again because of how rude the people working there (who seemed to be managers or owners) were. But I won't go into detail about that because this is the review section for just the Magazine St. store.
wish they could've figured out the gift card problem at some point during the 2 1/2 years when I attempted to use it! I just am so apathetic toward the store now and will probably look elsewhere for gelato until they get nicer people who know about the gift cards they sell (or once sold); but like I said, the gelato is good, and it would be nice to finally get to use my $10 gift card.Expensive. $8 for a caprese salad!
 But- the desserts are so yummy. Had the sweet potato gelato and it had a great flavor but was less smooth and creamy and more flakey.We enjoyed some decent gelato at LDG this past Saturday evening. The gelato was thick and the flavors were creative. I enjoyed a tahitian vanilla (which was terrif) and a Cuban coffee with "hint of lemon" (sounds good on paper, but not in execution). Many of the flavors are of the moment (pineapple/mint, peach/prosecco) and there wasn't anything here that really blew my socks off (including the service).I've sampled several flavors from here, but the only ones that have really blown me away were the spicy Aztec Chocolate and the Creme Brulee. The Aztec Chocolate confuses my tastebuds in a wonderful way! It's cold and smooth and sweet, but then my tongue tingles from the spice! A neat sensation. 
It's pretty pricey, but it's excellent quality. If you get the right flavor, you won't regret paying the price.I always find myself here when I am craving gelato.  The staff is very friendly and the gelato is awesome.  Sure, there are some differences between the product here and the product down the street at Sucre - but this is my go to spot.  
I love the Creme Brulee gelato.  It is rich, creamy, and even has little pieces of the crunchy sugar crust in it.  My all time favorite EVER was the rose water gelato.  I have only seen it once in the store.  So - if anyone there is reading this - PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring back the rose water!  Oh - and send me a message to let me know.  I'll buy gallons.This place was awesome!  I walked in and was pleasantly surprised by the aroma of paninis baking in the kitchen.  Had I not already had lunch I would have loved to sampled some of the yumminess I was smelling.  I did however taste about 8 different kinds of gelato.  My absolute fave bar none was the moon pie.  I don't even really care for moon pies themselves but throwing this concoction together in gelato is absolutely divine.  When I make it back to New Orleans this will be a must stop!This place is really good, and the only reason it's not getting five stars is because there are one or two places in nola I'd maybe go to before here. Great flavors, occasional exotic ones, nice thick rich texture. And friendly people behind the counter.Wow. Love the relaxed atmosphere, accommodations, and the fact there were foam blocks and kid sit-upons for the wee ones to amuse themselves. Flavors were more on the natural/organic/earthy side and selection was a nice variety. We'll definitely be back!UMMMMMMM their soup and panini special is my JAM, yall. Fiance, fur child, and I had a very relaxing lunch outside. My panini was the one with the cheese and the pancetta, and I had their tomato basil soup. Although it took a bit longer to come out than I would have liked, I think there was only one girl working there so I don't blame her.
The panini had wonderful, crusty bread and the flavor was perfect when dipped in their tomato basil soup, which wasn't too creamy and was very delicious.
We liked it so much that we went back the next day, and I had their equally good iced coffee and some peanut butter cookies. 
Now I just need to go back and try their gelato. Till next time, La Divina!Ive had gelato before but this place has the best selection. I happen apon this place after leaving the Rum House. I tried several different flavors everyone needs to try the absinte gelato wow that was a first. I loved it and I had one of their blondies which is like a brownie without the regular chocolate its a light blonde color go figure, it was wonderful along with my lemon gelato ( yes I know that its plain in comaprison to the different flavors they have lol.)Nom nom nom nom!
We had their soup and panini special for lunch one day, and it was out of this world. I don't know what loving magic they infused it with, but we both found ourselves scrounging around for crumbs, not wanting to miss one little bit of it.
Oddly, we didn't try their banner dessert product ... but we'll be back for more.Tuck away in the corner of the street, we tracked down the gelato place after poking around on Yelp for some food/snack.
The line moved real slow as there's only 2 person on staff working on filling up the gelato cups to making sandwiches/paninis.
On top of a 2 scoop 4 oz, I got a free small size (2oz) thanks to the deal on Yelp.
The options are wild, there's about one-and-half dozen of them. We had the Guinness stout, the Salted caramel and something with pecan. You can find a good range of them on the other reviews.
Perhaps it was the late afternoon, but the place feels a little dead. So when we finally got our gelato, we were already feeling a little worn out. Ha.
But the gelato itself is good, real good. It is smooth like so many have reviewed. And if I had more $20s I would probably go in for a few more rounds (they are so small!).
I would probably go back if I had the chance.This place has a variety of interesting gelato flavors.  I got the Chocolate Porto Raspberry, and it was very rich and flavorful.  The guy serving everyone was pretty speedy (I hate when people take forever scooping gelato).  The outdoor seating is in a quiet alley, but there were a lot of smokers a few feet away at Pirate's Alley.They didn't have any of the cool flavors people posted about when I went there.  I would probably not go back. The decor was pretty cool though.Their gelato is amazing. Mexican chocolate and mango after smoking a fat blizzy? I'm in heaven.This gelateria was an excellent find! After an amazing dinner at the Coffee Pot, my friends and I wandered over to La Divina, drawn by the promise of authentic gelato... we were not let down. This little local place serves up adorably portioned cups of homemade gelato. I tried the bourbon pecan (of course) and the dark chocolate (scuro?). Both were excellent, and the piccolo (small) is actually quite un-small, and the perfect size (at least for me). My friends tried mango, creme brulet, and azteca (dark chocolate, cinnamon and cayene). I also tried to Guinness flavor, which was interesting. We ended up coming here twice on our 4 day trip to New Orleans. Sooooo. Good.Loved the Ginger, lime & mango gelato - easy going ambience and fresh feel to the entire place.Contemporary gelato shop and cafe on Magazine St, small and cozy.  The entrance ramp leads directly to the large counter with bright display of their signature gelati offerings.  They also serve panini and salads, and is known to have very good expresso drinks in a town better known for cafe au lait.
Small tables fill out the mellow, coffee-colored space, along with a handful outside, enough to fit a few small groups and fitting enough for a gelateria and cafe.
Their gelati and sorbetti are artisanal products made locally and with local ingredients.  Flavors change daily and seasonally.  There are classic flavors (e.g., stracciatella, bacio, chocolate, pistachio, hazelnut) but nontraditional and outright inventive ones also populate their flavor menu and comprises the majority of offerings.
We enjoyed a satsuma fennel and pumpkin pie gelati by the window.  The gelato was creamy but both much sweeter than I personally like and therefore harder to enjoy; probably won't bother most since I favor less sweet.  While the pumpkin pie flavor is as expected, I was curious about satsuma, an Asian citrus fruit grown in Louisiana that I wasn't sure I've had before.  Unfortunately, the gelato using its flavor doesn't particularly showcase the citrus, nor even much the fennel, so I'm not sure this combination worked.  But as with any place cultivating creative flavor combinations, some are bound not to work.
Locavore, artisanal gelato shop, with interesting flavors on the sweeter side.  Would return to try the expresso.I've never actually had the gelato here BUT I have stopped in several times to place a lunch to-go order for their amazing panini. This place seems underrated! You aren't really expecting it to be anything memorable because the place could look a little more lively or cared for inside (they need a visual merchandiser!), but the sandwiches are excellent and the staff friendly.
Plus it's one of the cheaper lunch spots on this little stretch and it's never too crowded on a weekday lunchtime so you can always grab a spot to stay or get your order fairly quickly to go.
Reasons to go here:
- You want a good cheesy hot sandwich
- You work from home and you live around the corner and you need to get out to interact with society at least once a day (and eat some good food)
- Someone is trying to make you go eat at Sucre and you refuse to ingest what seems like fatal quantities of glitter on things advertised as edibleI tried just about everything but I ended up
Going with the Ping Pong and the lemon/lime. AWESOME!!! the flavor's matched very well together. It's a cozy little place with beaded artwork on the walls (for sale as well). Will def be returning!Some of the best gelato I've ever had. Just thinking about it makes me want to buy a plane ticket to New Orleans right now.It's worth coming just to experience flavors you've never heard of before, but which turn out to be delicious!  I ordered White Chocolate Ginger.  Never heard of it, but it was delicious - reminded me slightly of pumpkin ice cream.  I recommend it.  The cookies and cream was predictable and unremarkable but acceptible.  They also have a delicious mango flavor.  One great thing about this place is that they are very generous in letting you sample the flavors before selecting.  
This place is open, airy, and in a great location.  When you are in New Orleans, you've got to visit Magazine St, and this is an excellent excuse to go.Had a taste of the Saffron gelato  sorbettos and one that had a little Absinthe in it.  It tasted like black liccorice.  The NOLA flavors were refreshing and new to my palette. Good variety of unique flavors to choose fromthe jasmine ice cream was so refreshing... also the root beer, but the jasmine is more tasty.Not bad. Pretty good, in fact.  We had the sour cherry chocolate and creme brûlée. Loved the sour cherries in the gelato. The down side? There were only 2 in the whole dish. The creme brûlée was divine. If I were to stop in again I would definitely get the creme brûlée. You should too.I had La Divina sorbet 3 times during my 4 day visit -- twice at their store on Magazine Street and one at Jazz Fest. I'm lactose intolerant, so I can't have gelato and am not generally a big fan of sorbet (because I'm a little bitter about missing out on the gelato) but this place had me addicted. I had a Thai Coconut that made me forget that I wasn't eating sorbet!!! It was so good, that I can't possibly explain in this tiny little box. All I can tell you about their gelato is that their flavor descriptions sounded amazing and my friends enjoyed theirs greatly. The folks at the shop at the Magazine Street location were great, patiently answered my questions and let me sample pretty much every one of their sorbets before I settled on one. The cafe was nice and cool (literally- nice on a hot day) and very welcoming. 
I had the luck of meeting their chef, Mia, who is not only extremely talented, but is funny and clever as well. I caught her cooking demo at Jazz Fest and can now blanch veggies with the best of them! She handed out ton's of helpful tips that I'll find handy down the road - e.g. iodized salt is "the devil" stick to kosher or sea salt. And don't get me started on the awesome risotto salad she demo'd and gave out as samples!!! Yum! Best of all, she told us that she uses locally grown food for her menu and changes it seasonally to keep up with what's available.  Next time I'm back in NOLA, I'm headed there. 
p.s. -  I also had a strawberry balsamic gelato (at Jazz Fest) that was just excellent.delicious gelato and sorbetto in traditional and adventurous flavors, free wifi, really good coffee, friendly service, and frequent buyer reward cards - what more could you want?!Did you know that today (8/4) is national champagne day? I read it on the internets, so it must be true. To celebrate, I stopped La Divina to enjoy (ENJOY) a cup of peaches & prosecco gelato.  
Would it be bad if my review was just the word YUM typed about 20 times?  OK, I'll try to be reasonable.  The prices are good, the decor is fun and the servers were sweet. They let a little boy sample way more flavors than I would have allowed.  Luckily his Dad let me cut them in line. Props to the kid though, he was trying all the exotic flavors like avocado. I wouldn't have done that at age 10.
I have got to remember to check them out for sandwiches sometime soon.Cute little place. Nicely lit, bright colors, very Italian like. I love that it stays open quite late (later than Sucra does at least) and the folks are friendly and nice. They have fancy, exotic flavors but I just went for the cookies n cream. While not the best I've had, it was still pretty damn good. I love that the place is very green friendly. The cute cups and spoons are biodegradable and the flavors are all natural and locally sourced or if not, the best ingredients imported from other countries. They've taken up a lot of environmental initiatives and I think it's an awesome addition to the neighborhood.I'd already hit 4 dessert shops before stumbling upon La Divina. Originally just wanted to taste the avocado gelato after it caught my sugar-addict eyes, but instead of forcing myself to turn around and walk away the unique blend of creamy avocado and olive oil hit my tastebuds right on the spot and I was like f*ck it I'll get a cup of that.
Really chill girl working the counter. Gelato here is significantly better and more creative than ones from Sucre next door.Had the sweet cream, red cream soda, creme brûlée, athe chocolate, and the creole cheesecake. Good texture and the only one I wouldn't recomend would be the cheesecake as it didn't really taste like much. Can't say much about the sandwiches as we didn't partake but they did seem really clean in the kitchen as I passed through it on my way to the bathroom, ha ha.better and more creative gelato flavors than sucre but otherwise behind their down the block competitor as far as pastries, decor, atmosphere, service and overall satisfaction.
guess if sucre wasn't right there I would visit la divina more often. what a bummer it probably was for them when sucre opened a month after them and sucked away their business. 
I still go for the gelato, but for everything else sweet it's sucre or pinkberry for me.
the free italian classes on mondays were a big hit with us but they seem gone now. I think I heard they have italian movies now.
my 3 yr old though loves their plastic horse and the games they provide.
bring back the maroni gelato please!!!Really enjoyed the gelato at this cute cafe on Magazine St in the heart of the garden district.  Very cool how all of the flavors are made from locally sourced ingredients.  The Abita Root Beer ice cream, Bourbon Pecan and Ping Pong Red Creme Soda certainly emphasized that.  The Gelato was rich tasting, creamy and for me just the right size (although for some people the portions might be a little small).  Definitely recommend it!This was the perfect stop, after a lunch of po-boys over at Mahoneys. The gelato was refreshing and tasty! The only difficult part was deciding which flavors to order! I highly recommend the Olive Oil gelato. I had no idea it was pack such a flavor punch. YUM. The Bananas Foster gelato was also out of this world!
The only downside was that the staff seemed very stressed and unorganized. It was a bit of a hassle to pay, and I still had to wait almost 10 minutes for them to print out my receipt. Luckily, I was able to enjoy the gelato out on the sidewalk table while I waited.I have nothing but great things to say about this place.  It wasn't as busy as Sucre down the street, so I debated whether or not to have gelato here or there, and I'm glad I decided to break my diet here with their rose gelato and strawberry marscapone mini king cake!
I don't know what it is about rose flavored tea that appeals so much to me, but when I saw rose flavored gelato made with fresh local ingredients (most also organic), I couldn't resist.  Soooo smooth, perfectly sweetened, and it tasted just like rose :)
My first ever king cake experience was their strawberry marscapone that I shared with my mom and brother when I got back to Los Angeles, and I wished that I would've gotten a full size cake!  Since I've never had one before, I know I'm biased, but the moist cake with the right amount of strawberries and marscapone made it wonderful.  It was even spray painted purple and green and topped with sugar.  MmmmMmmmMmm!
If they had a location in Los Angeles, I would have to alter my dietary restrictions , so I could eat dairy and king cake :)Salted caramel gelato. I'll take 3 scoops please.
If only I had the insight! I walked over to this spot when the line at Sucre was too long--and I was thrilled that I did. The employees let me try as many gelatos as I desired and I chose dark chocolate (scoop 1) and salted caramel (scoop 2). Both flavors were excellent and complimented each other but the salted caramel with its flakes of sea salt mixed in went above and beyond. The caramel flavor was not sickly sweet and the salt just provided great flavor and texture. 
I returned the following day to repeat that flavor explosion but alas, there was no salted caramel to be made that day.
I'll fly back to you one day, salted caramel. And our reunion will be glorious.Best modern gelateria in New Orleans. (Angelo Brocattos is the best) Kind of trendy in a very homegrown kind of way.  As others have said, lots of interesting flavors.
I'll return and snub Sucre a few stores down.went back for a cappuccino because I read that they had the best and I am sick of getting really milky ones from starbucks.. it was really great for those of us who actually like the taste of espresso and not just a cup of hot frothy milk! yay.Wonderful flavors! I got a feature flight which is four sample sized scoops served atop a rectangular slate. I got blueberry basil, ping pong, moon pie, & fior de Basque. All four slid off the slate and onto the floor as soon as it was handed to me. VERY poor idea in presentation.  What did you think would happen? Duh! Excellent gelato,  but lets change the tasting flight service.Big ups for creative flavors but too many of them are either overdone or too sweet. Usually I can't resist ice cream or gelato but I will totally pass on this place.Great gelato. There were six of us and we loved our gelato choices, but my favorite was the banana frosting. Make sure to not miss this place on your way to the Bourbon Street!!!It's cute, clean, and it's hot and humid, so I stop to get a scoop. I first try the Cucumber Basil sorbet. Sadly, way too sugary to be a palate cleanser. I tried another of their creations - the Vin Santo gelato:Italian dessert wine with bits of biscotti. Pretty good. Lastly, Chocolate Azteca - dark chocolate with cayenne. It was wonderful, but it was too hot outside. 
I selected the Vin Santo, and left. Unfortunately, as I ate more of my gelato, the taste of the freezer overwhelmed the ice cream. I should have known better; the person who convinced me to select it also wanted to be rid of it, as it was the last in the container.
there were two women having lunch, and their sandwiches looked fresh...sigh.Two words: Guinness gelato.
I tried all my friends flavors, which were quite tasty, and I'm not much of a gelato person. We stopped here after Baru Bistro for a post-dinner / pre-drinking dessert.
I had the small (plenty big!!) Guinness mixed with Butter Pecan, didn't even need chocolate to enjoy this stuff!The gelato is delicious here! Plus, the have as many sorbet options as gelato. It's nice when you are trying to avoid dairy. The flavors are creative and inventive and pair well together.
Lunch is definitely worthwhile as well. I suggest stopping for lunch and staying for dessert! 
Skip Sucre, go here instead. You'll save money and your taste buds will thank you.