This place is quite good even though my quesadilla came without the chicken I ordered. I'm thinking it had to do with the language barrier. The chips, salsa, and cheese dip were fantastic. My mixture of sweet and unsweetened tea was just right. Also, my co-worker gave his chimichanga two thumbs-up. It's not the best Mexican ever, but better than 2/3 out there.love the renovated patio area, great break from the hustle and bustle of down town. the inside is also re-decorated and the music is great. 
I went both for lunch and happy hour. 
at lunch, we were able to get our food quickly and get back to work within the hour. the staff is very friendly and the menu is actually quite large, as are the portions. I got the steak fajitas and had leftovers for a second meal. 
for happy hour, their margaritas are great, I got the strawberry flavored frozen margaritas and loved it! will definitely be going back. highly recommend it!Pretty disappointing all around. 
They double charged my credit card. 
The Margaritas are not up to par. Not by a long shot. 
The food is ok, almost decent if you're looking for a quick lunch. 
I won't be going back anytime soon with so many other better options in town.Great little place to eat , great atmosphere!
Try the Chorizo Fondeaux and the Cheezie Bean dip for starters!
We decided that the medium sized margaritas are the best .The waiter was super friendly and the courtyard is nice ! There were 6 of us and no complaints !!Fast and cheap(ish) lunch option in the CBD for Mexican food. Staff is friendly and menu is big.Food was great. I order the fajitas and the came out in a timely manner. Great place for a lunch time get away.Avoid the very expensive margaritas that would you believe have very and I mean very little alcohol in them.  The name of this place doesn't say it all, and the employees all looked angry.  Not a good experience...Seated upstairs next to the AC unit our table and chairs vibrated through dinner.. we order Margarita's that were 12.00 and straight sweet and sour mix, not even a buzz off a 12.00 drink.  I don't know when it became acceptable for Mexican restaurants to serve nachos without adding real cheese. Our nachos were served with watered-down queso watered-down sour cream no guacamole even though the waitress told us it came with guacamole, the only positive was that they did add a generous serving if meat with the nachos and the waitress was very nice. Other than that I'd go somewhere else.Super cute find! Thanks Yelp! Very small place, you can easily miss it. Only about 12 tables inside, nice sized bar with 3 large TV's. Food was great! I would come back!The HOUSE margaritas were awesome, the food... Meh! It was ok, but the drinks are worth your money and the service is also great, ask for FlFirst time in New Orleans and the only place with a real margarita. Very authentic Mexico food like homeEverything is so fresh.   The food is amazing!!! If you are wanting Mexican just go here!I have no clue how this place has 4 stars. We went here because of the high reviews on Yelp and had a really awful experience. First I had a chicken quesadilla with rice and beans. The chicken was a greasy disaster and I'm pretty sure the rice and beans were cooked weeks ago. Very overcooked to the point of burnt. We also had a medium Margarita (12$ mind you) and it tasted like sour mix. I am pretty sure there is no tequila in their margaritas because it's neon green in color. I ADVISE YOU TO GO ELSEWHERE...$53.00 WASTED MEAL....Awesome authentic Mex food, good margaritas, great salsa/chips(free, many places charge), and friendly waitresses. My wife got nachos and I got the flautas, and they were some of the best I had. Also, prices not bad; in fact the place was super busy and they took 20% off my whole check for our patience without us even asking for it or seeming inpatient. That's never happened before in my life!We just tried Las Margaritas for lunch today. They moved into where Rotolo's used to be. It's a very colorful and lively place, as you would expect a Mexican restaurant to be. They have seating both upstairs and downstairs. We arrived just before the lunch crowd.
The staff is very friendly and attentive. The menu is fairly large. They provide you with free chips and salsa. I got the Chicken Quesadilla lunch plate and my co-worker got the Taco Salad. Both were good.
It's a good place to go for a work lunch. They get your food to you pretty quick. We will definitely be back.I had high hopes when i spotted this place. I got the beef enchiladas, and they were good but not great. When it comes to Mexican in NOLA you get a lot of "good". El Gato Negro...good not great, and price gougers. Juans...good not great. This place (forget the name) 2 blocks off Canal on Carrolton...good not great (except the enchiladas) they are great. Taco and Beer on St. Charles...bad. Why cant this Mexican family with a nice space in the CBD be GREAT ! They need to rethink the recipe to greatness.So went here for lunch with co workers and since I am a vegan I ordered a bean, rice, avocado burrito. I was told by the manager they were not able to make me that cause they were busy and if I want something to eat I should order the veggie ( which contains cheese). When I explained I can't have any animal products, he rudely told me that's my only choice and walked away. I am just wondering...how hard was it to put those ingredients together and serve them. We had to pay for our drinks and walk out since they will not accommodating  vegans. Very disappointed.Newer place; we really enjoyed it!  Came with the kids, and the experience was great for all of us.  Salsa and queso are excellent.  Cowboy soup and enchilada plates both very good.  Would certainly come again!Never Again!
Went in with an appetite and left hungry.
Prices are ridiculous $20 for Carne Asada plate its outrageous.
sorry but never ever visiting this place again.Maybe we arrived close to closing time, maybe it was an off night, or maybe the place just plain sucks. How does a mexican place run out of salsa? Ask Las Margaritas cause they said they were out. The rice was dry, the sauce over my enchilada was flavorless, the service was slow, and the price wasn't worth it. I'll never be back.Excellent food selection. Excellent food portions. Good service. Close to hotel and good pricing. TVs and margaritas.Frankly, I'm amazed this place is still in business. Avoid at all costs. Poor value. Terrible food. Worse service.The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars off the bat is *because* it's an off the bat review.  But I got an excellent first impression from a restaurant my friend and I decided to give a shot on a whim; literally driving by and saw it on the sidelines, and Mexican sounded really good.  The swerve, back up and park move my friend pulled was illegal in at least 3 ways.
Now, if you're looking for Juan's... this is not your place.  Why you're looking for chaotic, unpleasant to the point of vile, condescending service (I'm looking at you, Juan's on Magazine) I have no idea anyway.  I guess hipster tex-mex for a half decent price, and rank margaritas the bartender will argue with you over after calling them out for using some b.s. to substitute the Sour mix they were obviously out of, is worth the aggravation.  But I digress.
This is very straight forward, not trying to be anything-but-Mexican fare.  And that's exactly what I wanted and have had the damnedest time finding in New Orleans.  I didn't pay much attention to the atmosphere since we were sat towards the front, but from what I recall it's pretty simple bar and restaurant setup with a couple TVs.  The chairs were comfortable.  They were playing a kind of generic pop station, but I'm used to that, and it wasn't cranked up that I couldn't hear my friend across talk.  
But I'm here to talk about the food and the service, and both were excellent.  
Service: My friend, who is transitioning to Vegan and is the *biggest* pain the the rear to go out to eat with, was accommodated with very minimal grimacing.  That's a joke- the waiter was a bit confused as she rattled off the alterations she wanted to her grilled shrimp fajita, but he brooked no argument at all with her, even when what she ordered in no way could be misconstrued as a shrimp fajita.  And it came out exactly as she ordered.  I just wanted the twin burritos, no meat and I added cheese (I'm not any kind of vegetarian, I just love a good bean burrito).  Both orders came out super-super fast, hot, sizzling and fresh.  The waiter checked on us several times (like, two or three times just under overkill.. noted, but not annoying).
Food: complimentary chips and salsa.  Chips were warm, the salsa was simple... my friend thought it was bland but I actually like it very uncomplicated so it was fine with me.  A little kick, very tomato-y, not chunky.  The burritos were my favorite style: soft-soft tortillas, only filling inside was the beans, all the fixins all on top and smothered in tangy red sauce and cheese.  Her "fajitas" were delivered sizzling on cast iron pan.  Well seasoned, veggies were crisp but not undercooked, the shimp was good quality and fresh.  Drinks were fountain, so none of that bringing you a can/bottle and charging you for "refills" bullshit some of the restaurants around here like to pull.  
So yeah, to recap, good quick service, attentive waiter, and the food was exactly what I wanted.  Just know what you want, when you go for Mexican.  Will go again.  And then again.  Gonna run it by my lunch group, since I work not far away.  
I loved you at first site, Las Margaritas.Decent place for casual food and drink, however, they need to designate that the parking along side the restaurant is NOT COMPLIMENTARY. You'll get a boot of $120+ for parking here. Just a heads up!Got the basic house margarita during happy hour. It's 2 for 1. Tasty and hot the spot. And it's just around the corner from my hotel. I literally just came here for a math since it's national margarita day.Good was pretty good. Apparently this place is owned by the same people who own La Hacienda on the Westbank.  It is in a good location downtown. Some of the same people that work there work here. 
The server we had was poor. She was inattentive and never checked up on us. It was a Sat night though not very busy.
We got the Cookout for 2. It was good, but not exceptional.  I would give it another chance, but I was not impressed. 
The menus were both dirty and got food on our hands to start. Not a great first impression.Shrimp Fajitas are the best I've had in the new orleans area and the staff is very friendly. Carolina G is a great waitress and a beautiful smile. I'll be back again.!!!It simply does not get any better than this. Totally amazing food. We had shrimp cocktail, and burrito with chicken (#33). Great food and service! So good..Wow!  I eat out all the time, all over the place (I travel for work a lot).  This place was awesome!  Staff were very attentive and nice - which is not the case at most places -.  The food was great.  Enchiladas Traditionales 5+.  Definately worth a try in NOLA.  Reasonable prices as well.  
Not too busy when I was there, but I'm sure it gets that way.Great fajitas and tres leches good, but service poor.  It was not busy, but the two female servers in here appear to be more interested in their cellphones than they do in serving the customers.They carry Cabo Wabo, so they already have the keys to my heart. The entrees were decent and reasonably priced for being in the downtown New Orleans area. We will be back!Excellent service, nice outdoor patio, great food. Quick and perfect for what we wanted. Happy we came across this place. I had the Fajita salad and my husband had the Mexican Fajitas. Free chips and salsa too. Very pleased.The exterior is a plain, brick building, with a nice neon sign. The interior is well-decorated, with modern decor, and lots of televisions are visible. The floor is acid-washed concrete. The waitress was very friendly, and the food was good! I ordered the Tamal Mexicano, which came with one Tamale, one Chili Relleno, and one Flauta, over some sliced lettuce. The portions were suitable. RJTWe had a nearby event with friends who were looking for an Asian fusion experience... not really our thing; so we searched for alternatives. Close to our meet up point, we found Las Margaritas... and judging by online info... they have good bar drinks for the wife! We arrived and actually parked right outside the door. We were seated quickly and our server was really nice. When she mentioned they had NOLA IPA craft beer, the night was made. We ordered the fajitas which were great and reasonable priced considering we were in the CBD. The atmosphere was nice... a little dark, but still had a strange hipster feel. We got some drinks to go and all was good.The margaritas were very sweet so be prepared. The appetizers we had were pretty good. I'd go back to try a full meal and order a beer!The inside is nice; no weird smells, festive Mexican music, large TVs, comfortable bar seating. There is also outdoor seating in the back which is pretty chill. The food is flavorful and authentic. I have had the tortilla soup and mole and both dishes were delicious. 
Regarding prices, comparing some common items you may be able to save a dollar or two at nearby spots, however Las Margaritias offers a different type of Mexican than Johnny Sanchez and Juan's Flying Burrito. Compare the menus, there are not similar. If you are squeezing pennies you probably shouldn't be eating out anyway...Waited for 25 minutes and not a single person waited on us. No waters. No menus. Nothing. They weren't short staffed. There was a table of workers sitting down eating casually. Terrible service. Got the attention of two waiters and both looked in our direction and did nothing. WASTE OF TIME. WASTE OF LIFE.How did this place get any good reviews? Being from Arizona I've had my share of good Mexican food, this place does not have any.  Avoid!!We had only an hour for lunch and decided to eat here. Service was friendly, fast, and efficient. The place reminds me of Tex-Mex restaurants. I ordered the Carne Asada that was cook to order. The portion size is great for two people. My lunch companion ordered the chicken chimichanga. The chicken was juicy, finely shredded and season to perfection. It is very rare to find chicken as delicious as this place serves. From the moment we sat until we got up to leave, only 35 minutes had passed. This is a great lunch spot if you work in the surrounding area. The place is also covered with big screen tvs. It will be perfect during football season. I will definitely be back and dine in their lovely patio!Came here for lunch after hearing great things and Las Margaritas lived up to the hype!
I had the fajitas taco salad and a side of refried beans, as well as a healthy helping of the complementary salsa.
The salsa was pretty good, nothing too spicy or mild.  And the chips seemed fresh enough.  Now, the fajitas taco salad is just as good as it sounds.  I got it with shrimp, and the traditional pepper/onion/meat fajitas combination was amazing in the fluffy/crispy taco salad shell.  It was truly the best of both worlds!
Finally, the refried beans... You wouldn't think refried beans could be all that special.  BUt these were made with an amazing combination of flavors.  I don't know what they did, but they did it well.Some of the best Mexican we have found since moving to Louisiana. So good we travel from Baton Rouge to come hereFast and friendly service.  My grandson said the chicken quesadilla was a 10.  I had the chicken fajitas. Nice sized portion, but the chicken was way over cooked.  The rice and beans were very good.  Margarita was a little watery.  All in all average.   Prices are a little high.This is the classic Mexican restaurant New Orleans was missing. Can't go wrong with enchiladas el tri. $4 margs and $2 Pacifico during happy hour. Excellent service.This has become one of favorite lunch spots in the CBD. Really good food at a decent price. Every week I end up here and have tried something different off the lunch menu almost every time. I haven't yet to find something that I wouldn't happily eat again. The restaurant serves very authentic cuisine and the service is good, sometimes if you are seated upstairs it can take a few more minutes, usually you are in and out under an hour. I highly recommend it and will continue going as often as possible.Service was great and the food was too. Nice to have traditional Mexican restaurant in this area.OMG EL MESQUITE ON THE EAST BANK!!!
I love El Mesquite. They have the best queso in town, hands down. When my fiance discovered this place near his job and opened the menu to find 'El Mesquite' at the top, I got a text right away saying that we didn't need to cross the bridge anymore.
They opened not very long ago and the staff still seems to be going through growing pains, but the server we had, Alejandro, was extremely nice and made sure to communicate that he didn't know the menu well but worked with us to figure out what was possible in terms of off-menu combinations.
On top of that, the margaritas are decently priced and although they're really sweet, they're really delicious.Good only for hangover food. 
They've been open less than a year in the cbd. I'd give em till summer before they go under. 
Its pretty much a Bourbon Street joint thats not on Bourbon. Just a bit less expensive. Nice decor. Decent drinks. Service is poor (waited 20 mins for my first drink). Bartender was actually their dishwasher filling in, I'm assuming because the main guy didn't show up tonight. 
Four stars for the cute decor, both inside and out. But there are far better options around town. If you're drunk, starved and near the Quarter, go here. If you're craving authentic Mexican cuisine then go to nearby Juans Flying Burrito instead. You'll pay a bit more but its totally worth it.Came Monday around 5pm with the family, wasn't really anyone there. Got the bean soup and it was delicious. Fajitas were great too.I love Las Margaritas and I was so happy to see an affordable, non-pretentious restaurant open in the CBD.  I LOVE the food and it's actually affordable!  Most dinner entrees are between $10 and $15.  They have a whole menu page of dinners and a page of lunches, and bonus, most of them are MIXED plates, meaning you get a few different items meaning I don't have to choose exactly what I want, just pick a plate!!  I've never had to wait for a table.  They have a great outdoor seating area in the back with a few tables.  The inside is pretty roomy and there's an upstairs seating area as well.  I've been at lunch and dinner and never had to wait.  When you are seated you get complimentary chips and salsa, and the salsa is delicious...super fresh and tasty!  I also really like their queso.  I've been here about 10 times since they opened and only repeated an entree once, and so far I love everything I've tried.  I always intend to take pictures, but once that plate is down on the table, all thoughts of food photos fade!!My favorite Mexican restaurant in the city hands down!!!!!! 
Oscar is my favorite. Excellent customer service.So my beef with most "Mexican" restaurants in this area is that they aren't usually Mexican, they are most Mexican inspired. I didn't get that feel here. The food wasn't in any wAy Cajun seasoned (thank the gods). They had no problem making adjustments to my order to get me exactly what I wanted. The service was excellent. Our server was attentive and our food came out at light speed. 
ILL BE BACK!Stopped in for a bite to eat and discovered a little gem in shadows of my hotel. Portion sizes were generous, atmosphere was cozy, and the food was very flavorful and authentic. Prices are reasonable and the wait staff was attentive.PRO TIP:
KEEP STEPPIN', IT'S JUST 2 MORE BLOCKS TO JUAN'S
- I got no buzz off the $11 medium margarita (from a mix?)
- The bitter chips were burned (see pic)
- The queso was runny with no spice
- The sour cream was the best item on the sampler plate
- The jalapeno popper tasted like soured sox (I 86'd mine)
- The quesadilla was just ground beef in a tortilla (see pic).
BAD FOOD PRICED ABOUT 1/3 ABOVE MARKET:
- Juan's steak nachos $8, Las Margaritas $11
- Juan's chicken quesadilla $7.75, Las Margaritas $10
- Juan's steak burrito $9.50, Las Margaritas $12.
COULD THIS BE THE WORST MEXICAN FOOD IN TOWN?If I could leave zero stars I would.
I park each morning very close to this restaurant's back door. Today, as I return to my car after work, I was shocked to see a bunch of wet tortilla chips and 4 dead rats right next to my car. I asked the manager why they would throw their poisoned rodent problem next to my car. He told me it was not from the restaurant, but where else could it have come from?
I will never eat there again, or park that close to the restaurant again.If I could, I would give the place 3.5 stars. The chips and salsa are good. The service was excellent. My main complaint is that the spinach quesadilla that I ordered had canned spinach on it. Yes, that is correct. It was disgusting. How much does it really cost to buy fresh spinach? My friend ordered the taco salad which looked delicious. 
For dessert, we split some churros. I give that an A. They were fantastic and it was a large portion. 
The margaritas were an A also - not too terribly sweet. 
Overall I would return here but not necessarily go out of my way to go there. 
Please buy fresh spinach. The canned is like eating slime.Staying at Hyatt for a conference.  Stumbled upon Las Magaritas when out for a walk and decided to eat there for supper.  Very pleased !   Great service, thanks Ivana,  and great Lemon drop martinis.   Highly recommend !We were getting ready for a river cruise and the cruise line set us up with a room at the Hyatt Regency. The weather turned abysmal and we needed to eat and didn't want to venture back to the French Quarter in the wind, rain and cold. I yelped for a nearby spot and found this. Although I was dubious, Yelp usually gets it right, and this shop proved my point.
Not only was the food excellent, the service was good and the price, although a bit high, was certainly not unreasonable.
The portions were large and tasty. Although I had been told there was very little good food near the hotel, I would say this served the purpose very well. If you are looking for fine dining, go to the French Quarter. But if you want some good Mexican food, this will make you happy.If you like chiles rellenos, this is your place! Great margaritas and queso too. Delicious Mexican food!!