We went for late night dinner- had a group of 12 of us around 10pm. They were able to get us a table right away. Waiter was really nice and patient with us even though we had a big group and one of us spilled a beer . Had the taste of the bayou with jambalaya, gumbo and crawfish etouffee. Didn't actually know what etouffee was but it was my favorite of the 3! Reddish soup with a lot of flavor. Gumbo was my second favorite! Tasty and flavorful. The jambalaya was only ok, didn't have a ton of flavor or seasoning.Absolutely horrible service. Over priced for the amount of food we received. I will never return to this restaurant and will most definitely tell people to not come here because it's not worth their time.My friend and I ordered the chicken club salad. The lettuce was brown, wilted and slimy. The chicken was dry. However our other friend said she had the best muffuletta ever. Service was slow but courteous.We sat at the bar on Mardi Gras and had a wonderful experience. Ali and Steve were great and gave us the BEST service, especially considering how busy it was. We had the chargrilled oysters, blackened chicken pasta and the jambalaya. Everything was delicious and I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're ever in the Quarter. Appreciate everyone's attentiveness and hospitality.The yaya sauce, whether it's on the oysters, the shrimp ya-ya or the yaya pasta, is the BOMB. Definitely recommend those dishes as well as the Cajun Stuffed Fish!The food here is just okay-but being as though I was on Bourbon and it was 10pm the food wasn't as bad as it could've been. Got the bayou baked oysters and crab and corn bisque. Neither was anything special.I usually only review positive experiences but I felt like I had to warn people, I've been coming to NOLA for 30 years and this was the worst service i've ever had in that time, we were seated quickly and we sat and we sat, I'm watching people come in after us and got their drinks so I go to the hostess and ask her what's going on, she goes and finds our server, I'll call him goofy, he comes up and takes our drink order and we tell him take our full order because we've been there over 30 minutes by this time, he does and we wait and wait, we see other servers busting their tails but we were hiding in plain sight, they made eye contact but didn't acknowledge us, finally our drinks and appetizers came out,  we wait and wait food is coming to other tables and our table and the one next to us wait, I go back to the hostess and ask again and she tells me goofy walked out, she tries but the other servers seemed stressed after an hour and 45 minutes the food comes out, it's decent but we look up and goofy is back hands in his pockets walking around, he brings us our bill without saying anything, we never say anyone that looked like a manager and for the first time I didn't leave a tip because goofy never refilled our water or asked us anything remotely connected to meal. I think this is a fairly new restaurant that I don't think will make it unless they improve on basic things like service.  FYI our bill was over 100 dollarsThis was the best place on bourbon st! The staff was awesome! We went there multiple times on our trip! Dusty, Steve, Josh, Melvina, and Jamie they were our favorite! They made everyone feel special and right at home! I had my first and only alligator there and it was delicious! I don't know if I want to try it any where else because it was so good! If your on bourbon st you have to try this place!First meal in New Orleans and it did not disappoint  BBQ Gulf Shrimp was delicious with a tasty sauce, had to ask for more bread rolls so it didn't go to waste. My rib-eye steak was cooked to my perfection and crab meat sauce was just amazing. Cannot forget the tasty cocktails they have for just $11Stopped in today for lunch. We were seated quickly by a very nice woman upstairs and outside. We did have kids with us and I felt this restaurant at lunch time was family friendly. Not a ton of options on the kids menu. I get most people don't bring kids here. But they had 3 basics good enough.
I have to say I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars because the food we had was all amazing. We ordered red beans and rice, pesto ya ya I believe, shrimp alfredo and a chicken sandwich. Everything was perfect even the fries were good.
We did order some oysters that never came and our server was a little slow. But still 5 stars. 
Pricing I felt was standard.Great place. Everyone was friendly and attentive. I recommend trying the bbq shrimp, it was excellent!Took the kids for a quick tour of Bourbon St b4 our Haunted Tour and needed to grab a bite to eat. Stopped in Le Bayou, sat up on the balcony for the breeze. Our lovely waitress Katrina was AMAZING!! My kids loved her and she ran her legs off taking care of us and several other tables. My daughter even gave her a hug b4 we left. The food was GREAT we had 3 appetizers, gator bites, shrimp ya-ya and bayou shrimp. Thank you soooo much Katrina soooooo much!!!!!We visited Le Bayou several times on my last visit to New Orleans. Great service and the food was so very good. We experienced the fried Alligator that was our favorite. The grilled oysters were very tasty.  We also had fried green tomatoes with shrimp that I will order more in the future now. We enjoyed all the different drinks and our bartenders the three times we came in. Lloyd took care of us two of the nights and Kendall the first night. They guys were fun and informative. This place is authentic and you need to make sure you stop by!Just went for raw oysters and a beer with my wife to Le Bayou and had some of the biggest, freshest and clean tasting oysters since we been here!  Courtney shucked these right in front of us and we were not disappointed.  Highly recommended.Stopped in for dinner while walking Bourbon Street. Looked good from the street... clean, open and airy. We found a couple stools at the bar and sat down. It took a few minutes to be noticed/addressed, but to be fair, the bar was about 80% full. Bartender was friendly enough but not engaging at all. I ordered the shrimp platter and it arrived rather quickly. This is where the real disappointment starts. Looking at the plate, it was heaping if not over flowing... only to figure out that it was mostly French fries (albeit pretty good fries), onion straws and, on the bottom, 2 slices of French bread. Scattered about the top was 19, yes 19, pop corn sized shrimp! All of this for $19.50. 
Next time I'll go to Popeye's for pop corn shrimp!  Very disappointed.Our server today was great ! My husband ordered the oysters and I ordered a salad bc I don't eat seafood. My son got the rice and red beans with chicken and sausage and I assume it was good bc he ate everything !!! My daughter ordered the crab bisque and also enjoyed it. My husband did like the oysters, I know he ordered the char-grilled that had Parmesan cheese on them. And for dessert we ordered the fried cheesecake and could not believe how delicious it was !!!! I would come back just for the cheesecake !!!!Service was spectacular. My first time in New Orleans and had my very first Po'boy here and it was awesome. Just stumbled upon this place and glad I didn't. Server Ashlyn (I believe was her name) was so nice, personable, attentive, courteous and provided great service.The best bartender in the world. We just made up a new drink..... So I'm allergic to vodka AND rum so the bartender make a new drink for me....Hennycaine. Derek made it and Steve named it. Love this place!!!!! The best friend cheesecake in the world!This place is ridiculous. Service was slow both for drinks and food. The wine was not a 4oz serving. 3oz at best. And not even good. $8 for 3oz of cheap wine. When the food finally showed it was cold. If you have the misfortune of eating here order the shrimp ya-ya. That was actually good.Mona (kitchen staff) is amazing!   She came out from back to check on us and talk individually!   She is wonderful!   The service staff is great as well!   Food good...drinks good!    Will return.Stopped in for a late night dinner with a few friends. We were greeted in the street by a very charming host (I didn't catch his name) but he quickly convinced us to give Le Bayou a try. We were seated at a cute table in the front of the restaurant so we could people watch as we dined. Our waiter Justin was very attentive and friendly throughout our dining experience. We appreciated the menu recommendations & local night life suggestions he had to offer. I ordered the Crab & Corn Bisque & the Shrimp Ya-Ya (appetizer portion). It took quit a bit of time before we received our food. The Crab & Corn Bisque was delicious, I wish it came in a larger portion size. I did not taste much crab meat itself but the overall flavor of the dish was fantastic. The Shrimp Ya-Ya was cooked well but the sauce was a tad bit salty. Two of my friends ordered the Shrimp and Grits & although they both loved the taste, both complained that literally three spoonfuls of grits made up the entire dish. My other friend ordered the Jambalaya Pasta & insisted everyone at the table try some. There weren't many other menu items I would try outside of their pasta selection so I would not be in a rush to return.Good place to people watch we had some cajun half shelf oysters they were no very good but we had some shrimps called yaya and that was amazing overall waiter was great a bit too slow in bringing the drinks they were just beers but it was ok on to the nextNo other words necessary- saw a cockroach in the staircase and the waiter almost made me cry when I asked where our drinks were - guy with a pony tailIt is the old bayou burger. 
They put white pants on the wall, or seafood on the menu and doubled their prices and suddenly want to make more money. 
Worst of all they took everything that made them unique.
Ok well time to go find a new place to get a good burger.This is the worst service I have ever had. It took over 20 minutes just to get water. Totally  felt invisible.  No,  I would not recommend this establishment.Read the menu passing by and decided to give it a try. 
I have no idea what my dish was called (don't judge me) but it was good. It wasn't overly creamy and the sauce was flavorful. The shrimp were juicy and tender as well. 
The bbq shrimp was cooked perfectly and for me to not like bbq sauce. I enjoyed this sauce. I also expected the shrimp to be over cooked and they weren't. 
I prefer the boudin grilled now that I've had it both ways. Deep fried just doesn't appeal to me. 
The alligator bites were delicious fried though. The texture of alligator meat is hard to describe for me but I like it.came to burbon st on a late thursday night. we were walking & came across this cute restaurant. they had the game on & was lit up so we decided to stop here for food.  probably the best quality oysters i've had. my friend & i ordered a dozen on the half shell which was such a good decision!! we also split a southern fish po boy which lacked some flavor but it was good enough to get the job done.Showed up today on a Friday afternoon and came in because it was the only spot that wasn't jam packed...well...we realized quickly why it was not packed like the others. The service is terrible. After walking in and being seated we waited 15 minutes before even being greeted by a waitress and then another 10 for a beer. (But wait it gets better) waited for an additional 45 minutes after ordering to not get served our food. Waitress "checked on the food", and "there was a mixup" and "you still haven't gotten your food yet?" and even a "I promise it's coming out soon" Excuse after excuse all for a po boy and some French fries. Place was barely full...mainly because everyone else seemed to be annoyed as I was with the service and continuously walked out. After over an hour had passed with nothing but an empty beer glass to show for it, I said I wanted to pay for the beer and get my check, but instead of going to the nearest computer and printing out a receipt, waitress went into the back and wasn't seen again. We left cash on the table and walked out. Place has terrible service and from what we saw, mediocre food at best. Stay away unless you'd like to waste time waiting on food that doesn't show up and service that is terrible. Unfortunately I have to give 1 star, but would give less if I could.This was our first taste of New Orleans food and it didn't disappoint. We had a few drinks and the Shrimp/ fish platter.  It was more than the two of us could eat! The shrimp were tender and the fish was perfectly fried.  Reasonable prices also!Popped in-hungry. The food was AMAZING. I want to only eat here everyday during my stay, but my travel companions want to try other places. Our server Justin was the best. It was a great experience!Yelp needs half stars... This was the very first place I dined on my very first trip to N.O.. All I wanted to try was a local po' boy and everything at the time was obnoxiously busy, so we stopped in here. I ordered the blackened shrimp po boy and the gator bites as an app. The gator was decent but the po boy wasn't anything to write home about. Way too much tough bread and not enough in the middle of that one. 
 I do have to say that the service was very good though. Our server was almost over attentive at a point but she kept up so I give her kudos. I may try this place again next time I'm in town to see what else might be good on the menu but unfortunately it didn't do much for me this trip.I was so happy to see that Le Bayou opened back up on bourbon street.we visited this restaurant about a while back and i fell in love with their shrimp and grits Napoleon.I just couldn't wait to eat with them on my next trip to nola.sadly the next trip we made I found that the establishment was closed.....so sad,but as I was walking down bourbon street yesterday I spotted a familiar sign,and my eyes lit up like a child on Christmas day.I just had to have that dish i fell in love with,and it didn't disappoint.it was just as delicious as the first time I put all that goodness in my mouth.everyone at my table tried something different off the menu,and we all gave each other a sample.my goodness Everthing was great.we all left Le Bayou satisfied.One of the best places on Bourbon St.. Food was great, service was awesome, nice environment for Bourbon St.... Highly recommend.Service sucked ass. Took forever. Burgers were trash. Undercooked and gave me the shits. This place sucks. Get a slice of pizza and don't waste your time here. Also dumb expensive.The appearance of the place wasn't bad. No host, were sat by the chef (I think). Sat down, waiter didn't introduce himself but rather started to list the available drinks. The table next to us sent their food back because it was cold in the middle. We got our food. I ended up with the same thing from the people next to us, and it wasn't cold, but wasn't hot. The jambalaya tasted like store-bought box rice and the chicken wasn't good. The menu didn't specify it was on the bone, otherwise I wouldn't have ordered it. My sister ordered gulf shrimp, which were way too small to be fresh. I regret coming here. Save yourself and eat literally anywhere else.This used to be our favorite place for oysters at the old location. Sooooooo disappointing. Service was horribly slow, our waitress did not come back and check once the oysters came or check to see if we needed another round of drinks. As for the food, while the crab and corn bisque was very good, the portion was minuscule, at least an inch from the top of the cup. The oysters, which used to be freshly shucked, were dry, like we got the ones sitting around. Sadly, I will find a new oyster spot next time I come to NOLA.We were excited to eat here, as this place was recommended by a friend. Called in the morning to make a reservation for 4 for the afternoon (wanted to get a table on the balcony!)...
The balcony seating had a nice view, but the service was astonishingly slow. We had purchased drinks downstairs while we waited for our reservation to be ready, then after paying the downstairs bill, brought our drinks upstairs. We waited probably 10 minutes for a server to appear, then placed our order for food. The appetizers took 25 minutes to appear, then we sat with the empty plates at our table for another 20 minutes or so. We finally just bussed them for ourselves, and moved them to the table next to us (which still hadn't been cleared after an earlier group finished up). An employee eventually walked by, so we flagged him down to ask for drinks, and he passed the order along to our waitress. After another 25 minutes, she came with our entrees, and a few minutes later brought our drinks. All of our plates (eg pasta, po-boy, jambalaya) were either room temperature or cold (almost as if they'd been refrigerated), and they came with an extra side of shrimp that we didn't order, but when we pointed this out they assured us we wouldn't be charged. We also asked for cups of water, but they never came.
When we finally got the bill, the extra shrimp had been included. Fortunately we noticed and pointed this out before paying.
If you're planning to eat here, it would be wise to set aside at least two hours regardless of the size of your group, in case you have a similar experience.Le Bayou was the only repeat visit on my trip to New Orleans. It's an open space sports-bar-esque feel right in the heart of Bourbon street.  Came in here the first time for a late night oyster craving --- the chargrilled oysters were large and phenomenal! They also marinade their own spice mix --- you'll see tall containers of olives, peppers, onions, and other goodness marinaded in vodka sitting on the bars. We sampled a shot of this and OMG one of the most delicious concoctions I've ever had. Because we weren't in a drinking mood at the time, we decided to come back for a good ol dirty martini.
The next time we came back we ordered the Bayou Baked oysters (kinda of had a Rockerfeller feel - tasty but the chargrilled still topped it), the Kickin Corn (ORDER THIS - soooo good), and the Muffaleta (not a huge one like you see at other places but just as tasty). Unfortunately, our dirty martini must have come from a more newly-made batch of the spice mix as it wasn't as potent as the one we had the night before. Alas, I'll have to keep the memory of the first one etched on my palette. 
Def recommend Le Bayou for a bite if you are on Bourbon!I got the taste of bayou. It was pretty much all rice. Very disappointing. It was obvious that it was not fresh. I had clumps of hard rice throughout my meal. The service took a while as well.Stopped by while strolling Bourbon street for a quick bite. Service was very nice and the restaurant was spacious. 
I ordered the Shrimp Ya-Ya which was amazing! Lots of sauce, which I love, and the shrimp weren't skimpy. It came with garlic toast which a great touch. Not too much food, but enough to hold me until dinner in a few hours. I also ordered the bourbon julep which was very good!
My husband and brother both ordered the gator burger. It was okay but the meat was pretty minced which made for a softer texture. It wasn't their favorite. My mother ordered the shrimp remoulade and says that it was okay. My dad ordered the Cajun boudin and said it was okay but pretty breaded inside. 
Overall we might consider going again, but I think it was more of a tourist spot. I'd definitely go back for the bar!Disappointed in the Asian Cajun (jalapeños were not pickled but fresh- didn't work) and ya ya shrimp were very creamy and so so. Not a place I would recommend or return to.Not impressed with the service. Sat on the balcony and had to go downstairs and get water and my husband's bloody (nothing great). Server was very busy. Food was ok. Not my favorite place. Not sure I'd go back.Bad experience started as soon as we stepped in the door due to hostess. When we requested a table on the balcony we were asked "how do you know there's room up there" and then told that she doesn't know because she can't see up there so preceded to seat us at the nearest table to her. The food was descent but nothing special. While waiting on our food, we experienced the hostess yelling at another customer about not being able to go upstairs to meet his party unless someone came and got him. The food took a long time and the restaurant seemed to be very under staffed. Saw a total of 4 employees during our time there. Food was not worth paying the price for. Will not be returning unless desperate for food on Bourbon.We wanted to try grilled oysters while in New Orleans, and we are so glad we picked this place!  For an appetizer, we tried the grilled Oysters with butter and parmesan- to die for!  As our meals, we ordered Gator Bites, Gumbo and a Seafood platter (shrimp and fish).   The seafood platter was a HUGE portion and came with fries, onion straws, and hush puppies.  Would definitely return to taste more from their appetizer menu.  Waitress and host were super friendly.Stopped in for a late night dinner with a few friends. We were greeted in the street by a very charming host (I didn't catch his name) but he quickly convinced us to give Le Bayou a try. We were seated at a cute table in the front of the restaurant so we could people watch as we dined. Our waiter Justin was very attentive and friendly throughout our dining experience. We appreciated the menu recommendations & local night life suggestions he had to offer. I ordered the Crab & Corn Bisque & the Shrimp Ya-Ya (appetizer portion). It took quit a bit of time before we received our food. The Crab & Corn Bisque was delicious, I wish it came in a larger portion size. I did not taste much crab meat itself but the overall flavor of the dish was fantastic. The Shrimp Ya-Ya was cooked well but the sauce was a tad bit salty. Two of my friends ordered the Shrimp and Grits & although they both loved the taste, both complained that literally three spoonfuls of grits made up the entire dish. My other friend ordered the Jambalaya Pasta & insisted everyone at the table try some. There weren't many other menu items I would try outside of their pasta selection so I would not be in a rush to return.We got to eat at THE BEST SPOT on Bourbon Street on a Friday night. We got the corner spot on the balcony on the second floor of the building. Whoop!
My muffuletta was SOOO FREAKIN GOOD! The cook was not stingy with the meat or olives...the bread was not the traditional flat bread but still soo good! What a great spot to unwind with good food, friends/family and drinks. :)
We loved our meals so much we went back the next day and had lunch. I again ordered a muffuletta (split it with my sister). My bro-in-law ordered the oysters and said they were good. 
Service both times was excellent.Starving so stopped by for what was a quick bite. Tried the alligator as an appetizer & of course a cup of gumbo. For my main meal ordered Po boy catfish sandwich. I was hungry so I did partake. Wasn't the best. Wasn't the worst. The only complaint is that table that sat well after us almost 20 minutes after us got their food first. Service was great and overall a good spot if you're on bourbonVery alive place with load music sports on tv's on bourbon street. Shrimps is fresh with sweet flour. Nicely breadedService was horrible. Stopped in on a hunch. Drinks are weak, service was slow and non-attintive.  Food was good.  Real good.  Wont come back...I do not recommend.The food here was great! I had the blackened shrimp pasta and my friends had the platter and shrimp and grits. We sat at the bar and had a great conversation with James. They also have fresh oysters!!! I only took away one star because the bartender struggled a bit. It was 1 pm in a Friday and not very busy and he messed up simple drink orders which is forgiveable but his attitude left a lot to be desired. Otherwise, a pleasant and engaging place!Worst place on bourbon street, can't even give opinion on food, was there 9 pm on 7/20/19. Waiter was so rude we got up and left. Many good restaurants. Do not waste your time here.Came across this place on our walk down Bourbon St. we told the host that we were in a rush and wanted to order immediately in which he said he'd get our waiter right away. Well, 10 minutes go by and no one came to us. A nice waiter came to talk to my girlfriend about her tattoo and we asked him to be our waiter in which he said he'd be happy too only if the waiter assigned to our table was okay with it. Thankfully it was ok and he was a great waiter. He got our drink and food in right away. The crawfish etouffee was on point, delicious.I enjoyed the environment, cool waitress but the food wasn't it for me my wife really didn't like was she ordered either, other than the food, the bathrooms were pretty clean which is a big plus!!!Great food and awesome customer service by Mike! We ordered the Boursin, crawfish crab cakes and shrimp yaya. We finished everything. We will be back!Service was extremely slow. The chargrilled oysters were good but the spinach artichoke dip was not that good. Really nice that the chef came and checked on the tables throughout the night.I'm giving 2 stars to get management awareness. We loved bayou burger because of the food and the cool atmosphere. The food is just as good now but the lights are too damn bright! I feel like I'm being watched under a spotlight. For a restaurant/bar on Bourbon Street, you are missing the mark on the vibe. By the way, everyone sitting at the bar around us feels the same way. Sadly, we won't be back until you add dimmers. Oh, and we miss Darryl behind the downstairs bar!!!!!Let me start off by saying that the bloody Mary's were the absolute BEST I've had in a very very long time!! I ended up drinking 3 of them! Yum. The beers were cold, the other mixed drinks that people had at my table were said to be very good as well. 
Everyone seemed to really enjoy the food as well. Alligator burgers, cowboy burger (I think that's the name of it), friend green tomatoes were all good. I had the shrimp and grits and was slightly disappointed. The flavor was good, shrimp were cooked perfectly (I would've preferred blackened) fried green tomatoes were tasty, BUT there was hardly any grits in my plate. And the sauce was a little watery for my liking. But other than that the dish was good. Maybe for the future they can add more grits and change the shrimp up a little. Atmosphere was great too! Our waitress, Erica, was amazing too! Thank you for making our lunch experience better!We had an absolutely amazing meal at Le Bayou! We were lucky enough to have Kelton as our server & he was so wonderful. I got "The Big Easy" fried shrimp po'boy and it was delicious. My husband got the gator burger which was also really good. There are a lot of places to eat on Bourbon Street but I feel like you can't go wrong with this one. Highly recommend!Great food! Awesome service! I ordered the crawfish cakes & it had the thickest chunks of crawfish in them. Our waiter was awesome & I enjoyed this place!A local gave us a helpful tip of parking our car right outside of the French Quarter ($10 all day parking!). The only downside is walking in the heat to get to the French Quarter.
**TOURIST REVIEW**
Having never been to New Orleans I wanted to try all the foods that are famous in NOLA. While walking down the French Quarter, I saw this restaurant with balcony seating and a menu posted that showed a New Orleans sampler (chicken & andouille gumbo, crawfish etouffee, red beans & rice, and Cajun jambalaya) all for $21. They were in small cups and was enough for me since I don't eat much. My favorite was the crawfish etouffee and the rest were mehh.
Service was great, ambience was great, but from what I ordered, I really only enjoyed the etouffee.I read the reviews, I risked it, totally glad that I did! I had an amazing blackened chicken sandwich. The flavors were so good, I could not get over my surprise. Patrick, our waiter, was super friendly and very attentive. The deep fried cheesecake was also delicious. Give this place a chance, you might be surprised as well.Awesome place right on bourbon. Affordable, clean and our service was great. Went multiple time because our bartender was a cool dude! Oysters on deck!The service was slow but not the fault of the wait staff.  Understaffed to handle their balcony seating.   The chicken club sandwich was dry and the bun was cold and hard.  Nice place to sit but the restaurant was mediocre at best to badFood is amazing! 2nd time in less than 2 days
Chargrilled oysters
Shrimp yaya
Stuffed catfish 
Fried cheesecakeI had the Roast Beef Debris Po-Boy and was not disappointed. As a local who just recently moved back to town I was excited to try this place! Nikki's service was on point and her personality shined. I can't wait to come back and try other items on this well put together menu!We had the Alligator appetizer and it was really good!  Our Bartender, Sammy, mixes a mean drink and after 2, we were wondering our walk down Bourbon Street would look like what you usually see walking/stumbling down the street -- I think we might have!  :Dservice is subpar. food is subpar. jambalaya pasta is bland. portions are small. wrong side on entree and no effort to correct. only reason to come is the view on the balcony on bourbon street.Great small place on bourbon. It was our first dinner and it didn't disappoint, we had a Shrimp Po Boy and Crawfish cakes and they were awesome!!!!! Great friendly service!Got a fraudulent charge for $720 on my credit card right after eating here. It's the only place in New Orleans that I used my credit card, so it's obvious that someone at Le Bayou stole my credit card info.
"Darrell G" was my server and the one who took my credit card.
Edit:  I think it's interesting that Joshua M the manager has taken the time to reply to the recent positive reviews, but hasn't followed up with me about the credit card fraud.  It would be nice to know that some kind of action was taken to investigate & prevent this from happening again.I stopped by here to grab a bite to eat while along Bourbon street & decided to get the chargrilled oysters &  a oyster po boy. The chargrilled oysters had butter, garlic & parmesan cheese which was a good cheesy buttery combination with the tender oysters. The fried oyster po boy could've been better. The oysters were cooked good, but I felt there should've been some sort of sauce on the po boy & not just lettuce & tomatoes because the sandwich was dry. If there was some sort of cajun or creole sauce, that would've taken it to the next level. Overall everything was ok.Late night hunt for po'boys led us to Le Bayou. I have to admit, drinks were on point, but the shrimp po'boy missed the mark for me. Massive bread with super, hard, crunchy parts coupled with softer, overly chewy sides and topped with a skimpy amount of shrimp with no sauce. I did request remoulade sauce, which was provided upon request. Service was ok, but I will attribute the perceived shortcomings to the lateness of the evening. I was a little disappointed, but I got full.Atmosphere was awesome. Wait staff was very friendly. Food was absolutely delicious. Thoroughly enjoyed it.The wait was so bad. We ordered only 2 dishes and it took them 40 mins to get the food out. Our waitress who was a trainer disappeared for a long time and not checking in on us. It took a long time to get her notice us. When asked for the check, she gave us a pen that doesn't work and we knew we would have to wait for a long time again to get another pen. Ended up borrowing someone's else pen. Unbelievable. Can't believe this was the first restaurant we tried once we arrived in New Orleans. I also noticed that there were a lot of unhappy customers at this place.
Nonetheless, the food was good. We got chargrilled oysters and a shrimp dish. But it's not worth that much waiting.Great location and the food was awesome!  Also, our server, Tink, was awesome! Would be back just for her alone! Tink, rocks!Ate here while visiting for the Essence festival. Not the best food however great service. I ordered the Jambalaya and it was very dry and seem to be warmed up. It didn't look like Jambalaya to me and it definitely didn't taste like it either.  It looked like someone took a pot of cooked rice stirred Sausage in it and put shrimp around the edges. Didn't taste fresh. My husband had the Alligator sandwich and he didn't like it and exchanged it for a burger. My brother and his wife just thought the food was mediocre as well.Horrible service. They were unprofessional . A bartender tried to pick a fight with my party. SO LOW CLASS! Wouldn't recommend to anyone. Food sucked too.Absolutely gross. We ordered shrimp and grits, there were barely any grits. The fried green tomatoes overpowered the non existent grits and shrimp. We also ordered their fried oysters platter. There was so much batter, you didn't taste the oysters, felt like I had just ordered from the fast food joint "long John silvers"
Would NEVER recommend to anyone. Ambiance is as expected on Bourbon street.Came in today and asked to be seated on the balcony- yes I get it, it's Easter.  But I watched them seat a large party that walked in an hour after we arrived ahead of us (THEY DID NOT HAVE RESERVATION AS THE HOSTESS TRIED TO CLAIM!! I sat right there and listened to the conversation when they arrived - money talks!). The general manager just said sorry...really.
They milked us for over $50 in drinks while we waited and over 2 hours later we left.  
Very disappointed.Delicious food. Easily my favorite meal out of a 4 day trip. Chargrilled oysters were the best I've ever had!Our server Brandon is the reason we made this place our #1 spot while here. He is awesome, funny, adorable to boot. And then there's my personal concierge I named Jewels, what a doll. We'll come back here every time we come to NOLA