Seemed like what happens when the top chef leaves and the restaurant stays open.  Service and setting are top quality but food was uninspired and boring.  Had the tasting menu, one item stood out - the lobster risotto.  All else was the definition of ordinary.  If you are just in NOLA for few days, don't waste your time here.Came in with a party of 6, service was slow and our waiter had a bad attitude because we were young, when we ask about the menu he was rude and gave us hard answers. Fried oyster was great, the tenderloin was tender and flavorful.Simply the best food and eating experience in New Orleans. We stumbled upon this hidden gem on our Honeymoon and the service and quality of food was second to none.Great food, average service and wines hit and miss.
Classy little restaurant that is perfect for couples, although the food and wine is either fantastic, or average.
Had the fried oysters with ghost pepper caviar for appetizer, which was awesome caviar on deep fried rubbish. Throw away the fryer Foret and your food will be 50% better!
Mains, we had the fish of the day which was overcooked (can't remember the fish), but bean base was delicious. Scallops were fresh and perfect. Shrimp cooked in a little too heavy oil.
Wines by the glass were hit and miss. Chardy was lacking any character, Pinot noir was okay, but both were US and should have had a nice French option available for those that like old world wines. Only four whites and reds by the glass and not a lot of distinction between them.
Atmosphere was nice, waiter wanted to be somewhere else and that was that - 3 stars, could really be 2 1/2 in hindsight...This is about the fairest review i can do for Le Foret. I reserved a table for New Year's Eve for my girlfriend for a special dinner. Now, i know it's a busy night, but my review is essentially for the quality of the food. I will say that we had to wait almost an hour past our reservation time, but the ambiance and the bar kept us entertained. It really is a beautiful restaurant.
We ordered the chef's six course tasting menu so we could try everything. To be honest, the food was so bland and appetite killing that my girlfriend and i asked them to stop bringing food to our table and just bring the check. It really doesn't get worse than that. We were done and definitely disappointed. I'm really not fussy. i can appreciate a meal for what it is, but this was not only the worst meal had in N.O., but probably the worst i've had in a few years.
I don't think that because it was a busy night that it should affect the overall quality of the meal. The salmon tasted off, and the brussel sprouts were just so bitter and awful. The fois gras was likened to biting into hot lard and my girlfriend did applaud them for making an art out of ruining fois gras.
I did tell the server that she did a fine job with her service, and this experience would not affect her tip, nor did i expect anything off the bill. She looked pretty stunned, and after talking with the manager, they did take one of the meals off the bill, which was surprising.
I really would like Le Foret to get it together because it is a great location and has wonderful ambiance. Maybe it was just a bad night. 
Try Cochon instead if you want a guaranteed taste sensation.Food was excellent, nice decor and ambiance until the bar got busy which was loud.  Filet was very tender and the lamb was cooked just right with a sweet but not overpowering sauce.  Our drinks were incredibly slow - we were served our appetizers and finished them before the cocktails even made it to the table -  the bar needs work.  Had blood orange, blueberry & raspberry sorbet for dessert - also very good.I have been longing to try this restaurant for years. After the long wait I was very disappointed and felt awful for my dinner quests. The servers were very friendly but the service was awful. We waited and waited to place a drink order which we had to ask to see the cocktail list after waiting forever. The oysters were awful. Too big, no flavor and only 4. The alligator was delicious but cold. The bbq shrimp was awful, we sent it back. The gumbo was good. The salad was very good. The diver scallops and shrimp were fine once redone and served warm. It was really a disaster. No one should leave dinner in Nola being this disappointed . With all the fabulous reviews I can't imagine what happened tonight.Le Foret is a nice, quiet, romantic, but equally doable for business dinners, type of place. It's on the expensive side, so I'm glad work was paying. 
Our server was great, knowledgeable, and put us all at ease. He explained the specials well, and sold all three in our party of the Beef Tenderloin, medium rare. He was telling us of the amazing preparation for this dish, how it's cooked in a steam bag so it's super tender, then put on the grill. He was totally right- I don't think I've ever had a more tender piece of beef anywhere!
We started off with the pork belly dish, and it didn't wow us. I also wouldn't have minded for the side dishes with the tenderloin to have more of that WOW factor. Anyway, nice to know this exists if Bourbon House nearby is crazy busy. Le Foret is a nice elegant option near the French Quarter, and I'd happily return if work was paying!As much as I was looking forward to having dinner at Le Foret I'd have to say I was very underwhelmed.  We came to Le Foret to celebrate my brothers birthday. My brother and I were totally cutting up which made the time in the restaurant bearable because the whole dinner took over three hours for a party of 3. That's just entirely too long! The Servers were nice enough, but the service was extremely slow to the point it was getting to be aggregating once we got to 3 hours. We started with drinks and appetizers. The drink I would most recommend is The Dictator, it was excellent. We tried a few appetizers and none of them were real memorable. I ordered a lobster salad, and I have to say I was extremely disappointed with it. It came to the table prepared different than how it was described on the menu, and it had no flavor at all. It was just plain lettuce with a few pieces of orange and lobster. It looks pretty in the picture but it was not good.  The main courses  were just ok, nothing special to write home about. 
I have my suspicions regarding this restaurant because everything I had read leading up to my decision to eat here was positive. I found out once we arrived at the restaurant that they have recently changed chefs, and I have a feeling that's why all of a sudden the reviews are not so great. I would not rush back here any time soon, and honestly I would not recommend this restaurant for fear they would leave disappointed as I did.I don't eat here a lot but I think it's a very solid choice in the heart of New Orleans central business district aka CBD. I once went there for a wine tasting and was not pleased with the meal or service but in every other normal circumstance the food and service was excellent. It has an elegant setting and is great for a special occasion.Excellent meal, generous portions, nice atmosphere but the price is extremely high.We had a great meal here and enjoyed the tasting menu with wine pairing. It is pricey, but I believe you usually get what you pay for. The place is loud and unfortunately our table had trouble talking because of it. I think they should try and decorate the place so that the sound does not echo as much and put up some curtains, floor rugs and such to help dampen the noise. The food was great and we enjoyed it very much. We would easily come here again for dinner, just maybe bring some earplugs.We were referred to this restaurant by our concierge. The appetizer was pretty good but our entrees were poorly cooked. I had the lamb tbone. Half was ok and half was so raw that it could not be eaten. My wife ordered the duck 3 ways. One way was so salty that neither of us could eat it. When we mentioned this to the manager he apologized but did not take it off the bill. Our dessert was not very tasty either and my wife ordered coffee that didn't come until we were finished trying to choke down the poor excuse for Ice cream and barely palatable key lime pie. Oh.... I forgot that my wife had to keep asking to have more water and the mushrooms were awful. The cauliflower Augratin was pretty tasty. If you have no where else to eat dinner it would be worth taking a cab to a different city. Will never go back. Better to donate $200 to a homeless person and eat at McDonald'sI went here with my girlfriend and her parents to celebrate a special occasion and it was one of the best meals we had in New Orleans. The dining room was elegant and the service was attentive and friendly. A very professional waitstaff and host. I had the duckling and it was delicious. But I also had a chance to try scallops, lamb and red snapper, all of which were excellent. Not to mention the desserts, which were all fantastic.
Not everyone will want a fancy (and pricey) white tablecloth dining experience while they're in New Orleans, but it's a well-executed meal that can hold up to any fine dining establishments in New York.YOUNG PEOPLE BEWARE! you will be treated as a second class-diner at this establishment! My girlfriend & I celebrated her 23rd birthday at this  venue. Le Foret is an excellent launching point for a night downtown due to its location but as far as an actual restaurant I was severely disappointed. Our reservations were at 8, purposefully late enough to be seated promptly, yet we were guided to the bar for "a drink sir." That drink turned into a 25 minute wait for a table in a half-full restaurant. Our server was polite, but the entrees were brought to the table a full hour & 15 minutes after our appetizers, which infuriated me after seeing several tables seated after us receive their food before us. Along with the wait I was rather unimpressed with the menu. Don't get me wrong, the lamb is excellent, as well as their Alaskan halibut, but what really saved the experience was their quail appetizer. It was the menu's only redeeming quality, and if you do end up at this restaurant it's the only item worth writing about. Even their dessert menu lacked character. We won't be returning anytime soon, considering dinner for two took close to 3 hours. Maybe for her 43rd birthday we'll actually get some service & be treated like paying customers.Service A+
Foie Gras & Oysters Rockefeller were top notch appetizers, then followed that with Halibut w/ crabmeat as an entree, which was very fresh and tasty.  Lastly, dessert was a wonderfully light coconut cream pie!one of the best dinners my husband & i have had in new orleans! so elegant & such a fantastic presentation of every dish! we had fried oysters with caviar to start, their fresh lobster salad (my favorite!!!), scallop with black truffle, pompadour fish with vegetables, tenderloin with foie grais, & lastly a 3 part desert: praline cheesecake, 3 layer chocolate cake & eclair cake. all served with wine pairings from california chardonnay to shiraz and finally an amazing desert red. need i say more? fantastic!My husband and I really had excellent dinner. Everything was delicious . My husband had the filet mignon which was very tender, very tasty, very rich , had huge pieces of lump crab on top with pomme frites other word for French fries it's nice and crispy. I had the fish of the day or what they call Poisson Du Jour. which was redfish cooked perfectly the skin was crispy , moist and perfectly seasoned served with succotash or in short for sautéed mixed seasonal veggies with crawfish. But I had my crawfish on the side since I can't eat them. The dessert was very delicious , rich and colorful about the size of 2 squares of Hershey chocolate bar with a few pieces of blue berries. It melts in your mouth!! Our waiter was Boris . He was friendly not intrusive and very informative. The hostess gave us a tour of the premises. Tasteful decor, modern but old work charm. We will definitely be back. Certainly one of our top picks here in the NO area.I had been here last year on a date had an amazing experience thought the food was great so decided to come again with a big group.  I thought this place definitely deserved a good review especially after this second time. I am from New Orleans and have eaten at many of the fine dining restaurants in New Orleans so I believe this would be helpful for those who cannot decide where to go.  This second time I came with my family from Argentina and some friends from out of town we were a large group of 14 people.  First, the staff and management there were very kind. The owner and manager even came to the table to see how everything was which I really liked. The servers were professional and so nice as well they really made everything very enjoyable. Second and most importantly, the food was absolutely AMAZING. I had heard they had changed chefs recently this year and the food this time seemed even better than the last time I came! We got the pork belly appetizer that was so tender with a perfect sweet glaze on top it literally just melted in your mouth. The foie gras was great and the barbecue shrimp  were some of the best I've ever had in the city. I ended up getting the scallops that were absolutely wonderful and of course tried a few of my family's dishes. The desserts were really to die for especially the dessert with the mint ice cream.  I have honestly only been to a couple of restaurants in my life where every single dish was impressive and this was one of them. Every single thing we had ordered was truly wonderful. My 13 guests were very impressed with the entire experience. I am extremely pleased with this place and so happy I decided to come here again. You must try this place if you are coming to New Orleans!The manager on duty butchered our wine bottle selection... Only got that it was a merlot correct; vintage was off by 20 years and was a continent and ocean off from the origin. Our server on the other hand was impeccable, his reccomendations were outstanding and he made our anniversary everything we wanted it to be: romantic.Elegant spot, dining room a bit loud. Service slow; empty plates linger as stomachs growl. Beet salad, softshell crab, coconut cake w vanilla ice cream: very competent but (seems to be a theme here in NO) unremarkable.Very good. Best duck I have ever had. They fell down on desert, the creme brûlée was like soup, but they offered to comp something else. Over all it was excellent.Classiest French Restaurant in New Orleans. They took great care of me and my party.In town on for a business convention. Tried several restaurants before finding this gem. Great ambience. We had a very large party and the sound in the restaurant was quiet enough that we were able to talk to people a few seats away with no problem. The food was spectacular! Our favorites were the lobster salad and the BBQ shrimp appetizers. Favorite entrees were scallop/shrimp over summer squash orzo, and the pork chops, for dessert the cheesecake was over the top best I have ever had! Great chef!Five stars mostly for that seared foie gras.  Wow.  Everything was amazing, but that foie gras. Wow. More, please... even at $18 a pop. Okay, so I live in California and having foie gras is always a special treat, but I'm glad that I chose to have it at Le Foret because they did it right.
We had lunch here on a Friday, and although foie gras was not on the lunch menu, they were able to accommodate my request.  I also had the lobster and shrimp tacos (very good, and I'd highly recommend it as an appetizer) and a side of fries. I LOVED the fries.. they are thick and seasoned.. the kind you each with a fork and knife. Not your average fry.  My bf had the fish sandwich that looked amazing... I had a little bit of food envy (but not a lot because what I had was amazing too).
The decor is also great.. very upscale with white tablecloths and vaulted ceilings.. this would be a great place for a formal or business meal.Gorgeous restaurant. The wine selection is almost too plentiful. The staff were perfectly attentive to provide an excellent experience yet not be bothersome. Every bite of the food was so good; almost cannot be explained in words. From appetizers to dessert, everything was prepared to perfection.I was very excited about finally coming to eat here. It was such a let down. From the food, to the staff-horrible service from our waiter.  We sat at the bar for a bit while waiting for our table (even though we arrived a little later than our reservation time) and the bartender was so nice and friendly and made great cocktails. That was the highlight. All I can say about this place is, save your money and don't go. It was a let down.Phenomenal food in a low-key, classy space.
 - Glazed pork belly was outstanding.  Melted like butter.
- barbecue shrimp in abita BBQ sauce with grits was about as amazing as it sounds.
- the lamb presentation was fantastic.  I almost ate my neighbors. 
- the scallop and shrimp was really good too.  Heavy - lots of butter and sauce - but hey why are we in New Orleans anyway.
Service was attentive - had to fight them off from refilling my wine glass when I wasn't looking.
Good spot - you should go.Ok, before making our reservations here I read the reviews and was a little nervous ,but decided to go for it anyways.
The people who say they were not impressed basically dont know what good food is. Maybe they like the typical New Orleans heavy hand of butter and cream. The chef here serves beautifully presented food with amazing flavor without being heavy handed.
This was our best meal in New orleans.......and we have been here many times, and gone to many of the top restaurants.
We all ordered different dishes, and we were all very happy. From the duck, to the soft shelled crab, to the snapper, all were amazing. Desert did not dissapoint. We had them all.
The service was great, the ambiance is warm and soft. We were a party of 8 and were able to carry on a conversation between all of us, which was the first time of all 4 nights that we spent in the city. At the end we were invited by the chef to tour the kitchen. A perfect ending to a great evening. We will be back!!One of the best places I have eaten. GREAT customer service, generous bar, ALL the food our group got was just amazing and all the extra tastings they brought out were fantastic. 
This is not for the small wallet, you get what you pay for and its great. We had a group of 12 and im pretty sure everyone agree's with me on this one!Fabulous!  First night in New Orleans and it was an excellent choice. Beef tenderloin melted in my mouth. Roasted Gulf Snapper was prepared with mushrooms and crab and cherry tomatoes.  We would come back here any time!Please don't kill me just because I gave it a Four-star, but its too harsh to give it a 3-star and not good enough (for me) to give it a 5-star. 
So with the terrible-twos times...two, BAM. Four.
This is what I ordered:
1) Lobster Bisque -rich and semi-creamy. Solid flavor but didn't wow me either.
2) Grilled filet of Beef tenderloin - medium-rare. Great texture. A nice seared flavor on the outside but on the inside, its kept "pure." In other words, the flavor doesn't penetrate the inside -- which isn't uncommon. P.s. It came with a sauteed spinach-like vegetable and sliced cream potatoes. Sounds nice but again, no wow factor.
3) Banana foster -- hint of rum (or whatever). Decent texture. Good flavor but no-wowzers for me.
Overall, an enjoyable (pricey) experience. But if you're a baller and want to impress the ladies, then voila. You have...Le Foret. Ta da.Went here for a friend's birthday, party of 4.  She loves french food, me not so much. We requested and reserved a table in a quiet area. They kindly obliged us a nice private area near the wine cellar, which was nice till they turned on a sports games on the tv at their bar that was a few feet away and made everyone come over to that bar near us and became quite rowdy. We mentioned that to our waiter, we requested a quiet area a month in advance and assured no problem, the waiter apologized and said the game was very important and couldn't turn it off. Seriously? we're in a fancy restaurant not a sports bar, spending an obscene amount of money and we are now paying for a sports bar experience while dressed to the nines. There are nothing but places in the area where people can go watch the game and be rowdy, not where I'm spending money NOT to feel like I'm at a sports bar. 
Though my girlfriend was bothered through the dinner cause it was a birthday, we all did our best to enjoy our meal through the constant outburst, screaming and banging on the bar. 
Our food was very good. I was pleasantly surprised, yet hard to enjoy knowing the planning that went into a nice evening, the money being spent to feel like we were not respected as customers. 
Plus two of us left the restaurant with a serious headache. 
Too many restaurant's in Nola to ever make this mistake again. I like restaurants who know who they are, and doesn't try to be everything to every body. This place has a serious identity crisis. Which was a shame, could've and SHOULD'VE been a great experience.WOW!! What a great place. We had a reservation for 15 to begin with, I called twice to change our reservation and both times whoever answered the phone was  very professional and accommodating. We arrived and we greeted. We were seated in a beautiful dining room. Ryan was our waiter and man was he amazing!! You could tell he was very passionate about his job. He made great recommendations and had a fabulous personality. We also had Lance helping and he was top notch as well.  These guys really made our night. 
We had pork belly appetizer and shrimp and grits appetizers and they were really good. I had a small dinner salad which wasn't small and was super fresh and tasty. I had red snapper over succotash that was great! The key lime pie and the cherry hand pies were out of this world!! 
If your looking for first class service then this is your place. Pierre, the Concierge at The Westin recommended and made our original reservation. 
Thanks for a great evening guys!This is my new absolute favorite restaurant in New Orleans.
We had the chefs special menu with wine pairings.  Absolute Art, Absolute New Orleans and beyond divine!!1In February of 2011, my wife and I were in a crazy mardi gra parade and then went looking for a place to eat. We happened upon Le foret by accident. I am so glad that we did.  La shampion with foi gra, veal and lamb were all excellent. Great service; clean bathrooms; pleasant ambiance   Five stars!We were staying at the Omni and our hotel suggested to us Le Foret for a last minute diner plan on our first night in town.  We could not make reservations so just decided to try for walk in.  We were honestly expecting having to wait for a while, but we were greeted warmly and promptely seated at a table next to the bar.
The service through out was exceptional, friendly, entertaining and always there when you need it, yet never over crowding you.
The food was excellent and delicately prepared.  The foie gras was prepared perfectly with spot on accompaniments.  The amuse-bouche was perfect bite of rabbit roulade in crunchy waffers accompanied with perfect finish of creamy cauliflower soup.  
Our main entrees of softshell crab and sea scallops were also perfectly prepared.  Adding up to a very much enjoyed dinnerI liked the photos on Yelp so choose Le Foret for our last night in New Orleans and it was walking distance to our hotel.  The dining room was comfortable with pleasing decor attractively set tables well spaced apart and comfy arm chairs.  Maybe a bit noisy with several large groups in the small dining room.  Dinner was a gourmet affair starting with the amuse bouche - rabbit pate with tiny rabbit shaped crackers and a demi cup of extraordinary mushroom bisque.  Our shared first course a decomposed beet salad with goat cheese and pecans served with beet purée was undersized but oh so delicious.  Our fish so fresh it must have been caught minutes before it was sautéed in a sauce with mushrooms sherry and a hint of butter and cream.  It's nice to know restaurants still exist that serve the best quality food creatively prepared and at an affordable price.My pedestrian expectations of what this restaurant would be were pretty soundly annihilated.  I expected competence and was taught that competence has been elevated to another level.  One of the things I appreciated the most was that the truly innovative energy seemed to be directed towards the least significant aspects of the plate.  I had lamb... lamb is good and you really shouldn't mess with that too much.  The lamb was excellent but what was truly incredible was the faro that came with the lamb.  Other things on the plate were also amazing.  This inversion of emphasis strikes me as logical, but I have never experienced it in such a profound and effective way.  The service was also effective without being intrusive.  I was somewhat disappointed that there was no cocktail list.  A cocktail list would be a great way to further showcase the well directed creativity that is in residence here.Beautiful restaurant with quiet romantic setting. Everything was very good--cocktails, appetizers, main meal and dessert-we had it all! BBQ shrimp with grit cake was WONDERFUL!! We were there during Mardi Gras so they were offering bananas foster king cake which we really enjoyed. Ask for Boris and he will take great care of you.Pros:
Awesome food,
Terrific service,
Great atmosphere,
To describe this restaurant in one word, it is "FABULOUS!"
Cons:
Only one - The table next to us was very noisy because they may have had a little too much to drink.... but this was definitely not the restaurant's fault.
Our Story:
The concierge at our hotel, The Roosevelt, highly recommended this restaurant and even made the reservations for us.
When we opened the front door of the restaurant, the entrance is a very dimly lit, but the warm greeting by the hostess waiting there more than makes up for that.
The restaurant has tables that seat from 2 to 5 people each, with a total seating capacity of just a little over 50 people. Each table is adorned with a shimmering candlelight centered in the middle of the classic double layered white tablecloth.  Matching white napkins, a water goblet and full set of shinny clean heavy silverware are preset at each individual place setting.
We were seated at our table, immediately upon arrival, where the hostess took time to unwrap each of the cloth napkins for us to place on our lap before providing us with the menu for that day.  Every menu is new for that day and is even dated.  
As soon as we had settled at our table, the waitress came by to introduce herself with a handshake.  She spent as much time as we needed with her, to review the menu or ask any questions.  Then she made some menu recommendations that she thought we may like.  She went out of her way to ensure that we were comfortable.
As soon as our waitress had taken our order, another young waiter arrived at our table with the chef's choice for the taste bud tickler, amuse bouche.  The amuse bouche, for this day, consisted of a small cup of cream soup and rabbit shaped biscuit held upright by a small dab of pate.
This was soon followed by a tasty plate of fresh bread slices wrapped in a sparkling clean white napkin and a small dish of hand-whipped butter.
What seemed like just minutes, our entrees arrived at the table in heated plates.
My husband ordered the Seared Diver Sea Scallop.  He is a serious scallop fan and is very fussy in how they are prepared.... they have to be just "so!" 
Needless to say, he was absolutely pleased with the presentation, as well as the texture of the food - done just right!
I ordered the Seared Scottish Salmon.  The perfect sized piece of salmon rested gently on a bed of lemon risotto and brown butter nage that were each perfectly done and valid co-stars to the salmon.
Unfortunately, the photos I snapped of each meal really don't do justice to the fabulous presentation of the food.
Then to complete the perfect meal, we shared a decadent Sacher Torte.  This is a layered chocolate cake with chocolate ganache, apricot glaze, blackberry cabernet sauce and banana rum ice cream.
For the finishing touch, we each had a wonderful cup of chickory flavored coffee.
As a parting gift, the hostess met us at the door with a wonderful little plastic wrapped cookie tied off with a gold bow.
Although this is an expensive restaurant, the experience, the atmosphere, the pampering, the exquisite food make it all worthwhile.
Don't leave New Orleans without trying Le Foret at least once!
Would I recommend this restaurant?  YES, double YES!Beautiful venue. I would love their chandeliers in my home! Nice fresh cocktail menu--I recommend the Ave Maria. They have a pretty killer wine list as well. The service is superb--You will never want for more water or a drink refill. Also, their glass ware is stunning. 
The pork belly app was the perfect amount of crispy and well paired with vegetables. I enjoyed the duck entrée but am dying to go back to try the crab other Yelpers pictured. Overall, this is a sophisticated, highly enjoyable dining experience.crab cake was the best I ever had in my life. It was that good. The alligator appetizer was chewy. the service & experience were great!Underwhelmed. 
Nice atmosphere, great service, but the food was unimpressive. 
Very technically good and tasty but nothing imaginative or exciting. 
Bottom line, totally unexciting, well prepared, and expensive food.Fantastic food & service! The asparagus was literally the best I've ever eaten. The beet salad was sooooo yummy!We must have set our expectations a little high after so many fine dining experiences in NOLA.  We were disappointed with the food which was "meh" and the service was quite unwelcoming, like they didn't care if we were there or if we ever came back.  With so many other great restaurants in New Orleans, we won't be coming back to Le Foret.Had a great dinner with a friend her. You must order the duck. The leg was very very dry but the breast was cooked perfectly and so juicy. See if you can substitute the leg for more breast meat! Make sure that they include your foie gras as we realized ours was missing. The steak was meh. The most amazing part of the meal was the dessert. I am not sure if it was a special but it was a peanut butter sort of thing. I never eat dessert and it was one of the best things I ate in New Orleans.I can only review the bar as we stopped in for cocktails on our way to an event. Chris the bartender was great, and my old-fashioned was perfect. Would highly recommend visiting.Worst dining experience ever! My last night in New Orleans..dinner with a large group...it was just awful. A very pretty restaurant that was trying to pass itself off as fine dining.. sad, really... if the entire staff had night been so excruciatingly  rude, I would have been much more sympathetic. The food and the wine offered was pretty awful... we had gumbo that was sloppily presented. . that was barely edible. The texture was like a watery, overspiced, pureed soup with small bits of sausage.  The salad - prepared in the stairwell - I observed going between floors was wilted and uneventful. The main course was a choice between fish and beef.. I ordered the beef- it was literally raw. I will post the picture. Customer service e did not soften the blow of this disastrous meal...they were incredibly rude and outright bullying. Heed the warning... if you want a taste of the Southern Cajun/Creole food try Jacques Imo's.... fine dining? Try Coquette.. phenom fare. This place .... is so with OUT.This place has a really nice decor and that is about the only nice thing I am going to say.  They over-charge, under-season, and failed to provide an itemized receipt to our table of 8 (we all double-tipped as a result).  When I called back the next day to rectify it they gave me the runaround.  I wouldn't have been so annoyed since I was eating with people who were in town for a bachelor party, and it's not always easy to eat where everyone enjoys the food, but it felt like we got hosed because they knew that was the case.Le Foret makes you feel special.  The staff are very friendly and the ambiance was perfect for a date night with my husband. They sat us at a table tucked away in a corner right by one of their large windows which we agreed had to be the best seat in the house.  I loved the wine our waiter brought once I told him what I like.  He also gave great recommendations on what to order.  The food is magical.  Very imaginative and a delight to eat.  Some components were a little bland but I assume this is so the exceptional quality of the ingredients can shine.  My only complaint how we ended the meal.  The desserts are sub par at best.  I got the chocolate truffle cake and husband got the lemon bananas foster cheesecake.  Mine was dry and tasted like something pre-packaged at a grocery store.  The cheesecake had no flavor.  I wish we had both just ordered the espresso for dessert which was fabulous, the best espresso I've had.  So if you want a special night at a special place eating special food make reservations here.  Just skip the dessert or try one we didn't order.Fantastic experience! Best meal I had in New Orleans! Will go back everytime I am in town. Wine list is also very good and reasonable.Great food but try to get a table upstairs. 
We stopped in here for a client dinner based on a suggestion from our concierge at the Roosevelt. They said it was kind of their go to spot since it's not overly famous - yet. 
The ambiance is very nice and definitely more upscale. When we showed up we were wondering if we were classy enough for the joint. Then when the waiter was telling us about the specials and said "the redfish is only $30 bucks" we knew we were in good hands. They were not stuffy at all. 
We sampled a bunch of the starters all of which were delicious. The greens were some of tastiest greens I've ever had. I also remember the shrimp starter and the potatoes con fit to be very memorable. 
We all tried various entrees. My redfish was a good sized portion and cooked perfectly. My neighbor had the boar chops which were seriously delicious. I was happy with the seafood but had a little jealously over not ordering the boar it was that good. 
We tried a bunch of different wines and this is where the restaurant fell short for me. The menu is extensive but limited for "affordable" options. I was looking in the $50-$80 range and still struck out. 
We had a Pinot from willamette which is usually my go to spot and it was underwhelming. We also had a Cabernet from Napa which was a total miss. We did get a bottle of Albariño (white) for the ladies and that one was pretty good. 
Disappointed in the wine selections we asked the sommelier for some recommendations and we were a bit surprised by the encounter. I am certainly no sommelier but I do know a fair bit. It seemed like we knew more than their wine expert. We asked about some good options and offered up what we were looking for. A big bold red with nice peppery spice, something like a Zinfandel from the Lodi area. The som offered an off list option from burgundy which turned out to be a bit more medium bodied which left us wanting more...
While I'm sure they have fantastic wines on the menu I wasn't prepared to spend north of $80 to find it seeing as how I was buying for 15 people. 
Top marks for food and general ambiance. Slight ding for the wine disappointment and sommelier mishap. 
Give it a look but be prepared for the wine list if you're not prepared to fork it over. 
TIP: at the end of the evening we ventured upstairs for the restroom. They have a great private area up there with exposed brick and a great setup. If you're a larger group it might be a nicer spot to entertain.One of the most elegant restaurants that I have been in NOLA! It is within walking distances of the hotels on Canal Street and the French Quarter.
We came here in a large group (10+) and they were more than accomodating.  While we waited for our orders the chef created these small artfully designed appetizers on the house for us to munch on before our food came out.  These weren't little pieces of bread, these were little bites of artfully decorated crab meat in a melon puree with caviar on it!  While it wasn't filling, it sure was tasty!  A small preview of my awesome scallop meal that followed.
You get what you pay for here, so be prepared to drop some cash.  But in the end it is so worth it.  Not only is the food beautiful pieces of art, but the flavors and textures that you experience in your mouth is also unforgettable.
The service was amazing!  They were so attentive to our large group and made every effort to ensure that each one of us had an unforgetable dinning experience.  I highly reccomend for a large group.Le Foret has now been open for six months, and it was worth the wait . . .
The main floor dining room of this impressive four-story structure is warm and inviting, with a sort of "relaxed formality" to it but without being stuffy or oppressive.  Major plus:  black napkins are available.  There is an exposed brick bar as well as a temperature-controlled wine room, and of course the kitchen, on the maim floor.
One flight up a broad staircase are the restrooms, also accessible via elevator, along with a large private dining room.  The third floor has another private dining room, as does the fourth floor, which also opens to a large rooftop patio.  All in all the building itself is very impressive, as well as ambitious.
The food was superb.  Period.  Certified Master Chef James Corwell has done an amazing job.  From the first light panna cotta amuse bouche, to the second -- a wonderful trio of artichoke soup, rabbit paté, and ahi tuna tartare; from the first course of celery soup for Lynn and crab-stuffed beet ravioli for myself; to Lynn's main course of a large, perfectly cooked veal chop, and my trio of thumper -- uh, rabbit -- done as a Frenched rack, a sausage, and a ragú with pasta . . .  the meal itself was truly delightful.
The pastry chef is a gem!  His souffles were exquisite, as was the strawberry pavlova, and the coconut princess cake.  And the petite French macaroons, and tiny chocolate cookies were melt-in-your-mouth delicious!
The wine list is quite interesting with some true gems, and many "deals" hidden among the regular markups.  Sadly I found two problems with the list itself:  a)  some of the imported wines are not properly indicated on the wine list, so for example the producer's name might be missing, or the appellation may be incorrectly shown; and b) somehow I managed to pick two wines (a French white Burgundy and a California Pinot Noir) that the restaurant was out of.  Now restaurants run out of things all the time, and that  -- in and of itself -- is no big deal, but these outages were not indicated on the list.    A bit frustrating.
As far as the waitstaff is concerned, our party of five had no problem with the staff whatsoever.  They were attentive and efficient but we were never made to feel rushed.  That said, a bit more wine knowledge -- or at least knowledge of their own list -- is in order.  One of my pet peeves is to order something by "Bin Number" rather than by name (for example, instead of asking for the "2007 Chateau Cache Phloe Cabernet," I had to ask for "Bin 1403").  Clearly not a crucial deal, but a minor annoyance.
Still, a wonderful meal, and we will definitely be back . . .
(As always "good for kids" depends more on the kids than on the restaurant.  Our kids would love it, but not all kids behave appropriately in an upscale restaurant of this caliber.)We stopped in without a reservation and was seated right away.  The staff was great and we enjoyed the wine recommendation.
I had the veal, my wife had the rabbit and my son had the quail all three was top notch.
I had an espresso for dessert which was the best I've had since leaving NYC.Beautiful venue. Had the pre-set dinner menu with a wonderful apple shaved, walnut salad and your typical truffle potato puree and filet. Will have to come back for the actual dinner menu, but for upscale events and a fancy start on a night, this place will do the job wonderfully.The San Antonio Spurs contain elements that are the embodiment of Le Foret - ruthlessly efficient play execution, predictable quality of competitiveness (unless the coach decides to send the 3 best players home before a nationally televised game, of course), and focused attention to details. Le Foret features well-executed dishes that are above reproach, fresh ingredients shown through flavor and textural quality, and accessorizing components that synergistically elevate an entree's experience. However, just as fans have been critical of the Spurs' vanilla, albeit excellent play and lack of Showtime highlights, Le Foret's absence of creativity and innovation in its dishes hamstring its otherwise uncapped potential.
The Angus Beef Tenderloin is abounding in juiciness, with its seared and seasoned crust dutifully preserving the clean taste of the medium-rare depths that is as easily sliced through as a stick of slightly melting butter. The small tumbleweed of spinach and thin sheets of potato are carefully distinct in flavor to provide a medley of flavors for the entree.
Le Foret is exactly as advertised, which is reassuring to some and bland for others.I visited this restaurant last Friday evening to try their tasting menu with wine pairing.
The decor was very elegant and romantic.  I got there early, as they were just opening, so the place was empty.  The dinning room was not large and I do not know if there is additional seating elsewhere in the restaurant besides at the bar.
The five courses of the tasting menu were well prepared and the presentation was excellent.  The only problem with the food was that the fish was a little dry.  The wine pairings worked well with each course.
I have enjoyed tasting menus at a number of restaurants and I have come to expect certain niceties.  For example, in all other tasting menus I have experienced, the waiter brings the food to the table and describes the food with more than "here are your scallops."  The waiter did not mention that the scallop was covered with truffle shavings nor did he mention anything about the sauce.  I am also used to hearing a full description of the wine paired with the course.  I got descriptions like "here's your wine, it's a rose."  I did get a full description of one of the wines, but that was not by my waiter.Fantastic food (Foie Gras, Lamb all cooked to perfection). Great friendly service, wonderfult atmosphere. Highly recommended. I am going back tomorrowThis place was amazing and accommodating.  One of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  High compliments to the chef and the staff.I just had one of the finest filet mignon steaks Ive ever had in all my 60 years here. The entire dining experience was superb. On a stormy Halloween night the service was outstanding and the dinner exquisite.Well the place looks amazing !  
We went wanting one thing... the Foie Gras PB & J Seared Le Bella Farms foie gras, well it was not on the menu : (  We were told the menu changed on Wednesday.  So we asked the waiter could they still make it.. he said "nope, it's done, it's not on the menu any more"  We asked him if he would ask the chef if they could still make it... he never came back. Another waiter took the entree orders.. asked him about the Foie Gras... he did not know what we were talking about.
We ordered three apps, I guess I should be happy two came out.  The one that was missing they brought out after we asked.. it was actually the best one, the pork belly was amazing.
Salad was ok... wait it did come after the entree.
The entree's were ok, I had the chicken Roulade, it was ok... just really neeeded another entree after. He had the Seared Diver Scallops and Gulf Shrimp... 2 shrimps and 2 scallops for $32.00 
Was a real disappointment after seeing some of the other dishes come out, the gulf fish looked filling and good, the filet looked amazing and good enough to have left overs.
The lack of communication really left a bad taste in my mouth,  would have been nice to have had one person wait on the table to take control.
Would like to try it again.. maybe....High-class place, in the best sense of the word.  Top-notch service, delicious classic French dishes with a Cajun twist.  I had sweetbreads, which were perfectly breaded and melted in your mouth.  The duck main course was also very well-executed.  Overall, pricey but well-worth it.We ate here on New Year's eve. Not only was the food exceptional, but the service was thoughtful and well orchestrated (phew - I was a bit worried about this, given the other reviews).  
About the food:
This place is seriously into amuse-bouche, with many tasty treats above and beyond what we ordered:
1. Parmesan puff - steamy and delicate
2. Crab panna cotta with poached fish and caviar
3a. Hollowed-out cucumber with salmon and salsa
3b. Rabbit Roulade, on rabbit-shaped cracker
3c. Poached shrimp, served in broth cappuccino-style
The palate cleanser was a lovely spiced-port panne cotta with beads of fresh pear. 
All the courses were wonderful, but the Peking Duck Breast was especially memorable. Souffles were also a delight. 
Our waiter was experienced and gracious, and he made sure the timing of the meal worked out, which was tricky since 1 of us ordered the 5-course tasting menu and the other ordered 3 course a la carte.I will fully post a raving and obsessive review later when I have a bit od distance and this foodgasm is over.
I love a 3 hour dinner.  I love a 3 hour dinner when the most negative comment I can make about something (as dan repeated and repeated) is "well.... that's awesome."
For serious and all that.  That was one of the best meals of my life, perhaps the best professionally cooked.
I am a happy young lady.If you are looking for a romantic dinner this place is great. It's small, quiet, and dim. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the staff was better then friendly. The food was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The drinks were perfect as well. To top it all off our bartender was the nicest and she really made our dinner special.We ate here as a part of a large work group (50+) which might be the reason for it being a 3-star experience. Nothing was bad, but overall the food was quite forgettable. We had a fixed menu that included:
-Beet salad: this was very nice. I really enjoyed the beet jam and goat cheese.
- a choice of either gulf fish or the tenderloin: My husband and I both had the tenderloin. And maybe we're beef snobs, but I was disappointed. Mine had good flavor, but it felt like more work to cut than I expected.
-Chocolate cake: Not bad, not special either. "Wasted calories" -husband
I'd like to try again eating off their regular menu, but our experience left me feeling reluctant to spend our eating out $$ and orchestrate a sitter to eat here again.
I do have to add that the restaurant was beautiful and the service was spot on. Well done on those counts.(Again, you'll have to forgive my rigorously high standards when it comes to these kinds of restaurants.)  As soon as we walked in the maitre'd made us feel very welcome and comfortable.  Because I don't know about you, but sometimes at places like that, I feel like I'm a little out of place.  Anyway, we were led to a cold, isolated bar area to wait for our table.  The bartendress didn't even look at us for several minutes and we were the only ones there.  Hmm.  We got drinks, although there is no drink list per se, which I always look forward to in nice restaurants.
I really appreciate our service wasn't pushy but it seemed almost disconnected and they didn't really know as much as they should about the food and wine.  WE got our first amuse bouche, which was kind of like vichyssoise but in gelatin form, with caviar and crabmeat.  It was excellent, well- balanced and delicate.  My grilled quail carbonara appetizer was superb, each raviolo burst open a little quail egg into the parmigiano-rich sauce it was dressed with.  The BF got a grilled beet salad that was raised above pedestrian by adding sumac to the dressing.
Our second amuse-bouche was a trio; beet-strawberry gazpacho, salmon sashimi and rabbit pate.  I don't see how that all goes together but who cares?  It's free!  I loved the gazpacho, the salmon was dull and the rabbit pate came on little homemade crackers baked in the shape of a rabbit!  
I almost always order the duck when I go out and this was no exception.  And it was finished with a blackberry-foie gras sauce!!!!  Sounds irresistible, right?  Well, it came en croute, which was not advertised but turned out to be even better than the duck.  The duck was weirdly bland.  The pastry that surrounded it was delicious, as was the blackberry sauce.  The BF got a veal chop that was head-spinningly good.
For dessert, we ordered two espressos and got two cappucini, that were pretty weak by the way.  I'm too much of a wuss to complain so I didn't say anything but I missed my after-dinner espresso.  We sampled the chocolate souffle, which tasted more like egg than chocolate to me.  I get that you need to eggs to make the texture light and fluffy so maybe souffle just isn't my thing.  I prefer a deep, intense chocolate  flavor and this wasn't it.  On the way out, we were given two madeleine cookies that were outrageously good.  
Verdict.  Very good.  Could have eaten that well somewhere else for a lot less money.  The chef is the only certified master chef in Louisiana and I expect he can/should/will get better.Very good! The waitress continually used my first name throughout the evening as I had made the reservation, which I thought was a nice and unexpected touch. Our entire table had the halibut and I have to say it was one of the best pieces of fish I have ever tasted. We started with scallops as well, which were perfectly cooked and delicious. Definitely a must do in NOLA.On our last night in NOLA, my wife and I were feeling dejected after three uninspired meals at Commander's Palace, Muriel's and Acme.  We decided to just walk around and take a chance going to a restaurant we've never heard of nor read about.  As though divine intervention had guided us, we ended up at a restaurant called Le Floret.
Restaurant reviews, especially those on yelp, can oftentimes be unreliable because, taking aside personal taste preferences,  it's difficult to know the reviewers palate experience and sophistication.  
My wife and I are self-described foodies from NYC.  We have been fortunate enough to experience many of NYC's finer dining establishments; Babbo, Per Se, Jean Georges, to name a few.  We had heard that New Orleans is a foodie destination and made a trip recently just for the food.  We did our homework, read reviews on yelp and chowhound, and made reservations at Commanders, Muriels and Acme.  Our best dining experience turned out to be at a restaurant we randomly stumbled upon, Le Foret.
Initially, we weren't sure what to make of Le Floret.  The restaurant appeared mostly empty but it was also a sunday nite, so it's hard to tell.  The dinner got off to an auspicous start when we were served, not one, but two amuse bouche servings.  The amuse bouche were a pleasant surprise, and stood in contrast to our experience at Commander's Palace which provided none.
My wife and I had the foie gras to start, which we ordered a la carte from the tasting menu.  Delicious.  My only complaint is that I wish the foie gras piece was larger.  For entrees, my wife had the quail while I had the beef tenderloin.  Again, simply delicious.  For desert, we both had the chocolate souffle.  I love souffle and I wasn't disappointed one bit.
I am surprised to see only one yelp review prior to mine.  I didn't have the same service problems he had; in fact, I thought the service was quite attentive.  Perhaps it was because I went on a sunday nite and there were only 6 or 7 other tables being served.  
In summary, I'd say Le Foret is the great food I expected to find in NOLA but didn't find at Commander's Palace or Muriels.I would rate this higher than the 4 stars showing on yelp. Food excellent. Service fast, efficient. Not noisy. Classy elegant ambiance. Boris, our server, right on top of things but not intrusive.We canceled our August reservations for dinner here and I do not regret it! It's a beautiful, romantic restaurant. Foie Gras and Pork Belly to start were top notch. Beet salad was my favorite of the ones I've had around town. Scallops were perfectly executed and my husbands pork chop and collard greens were to die for. Great wine list and fabulous dark chocolate mousse for dessert.I wanted foi gras because California has already banned restaurant from serving foie gras. Was yelping and this restaurant come along, because is was right next to the hotel where I'm staying in. When we arrived the host, a older gentlemen nicely greet us. After sitting down I ordered the foi gras, but I did make sure to ask the waiter, is it pan sear. Because I has read that the dish has ice cream on it. He has ensure that the ice cream was on the side as one of the portion of the dish. Then i order the beef tenderloin for my partner, and me myself ask him to recommend something for me. He suggest I should go with the halibut. So I aim for it. Little do I know my halibut still have scales on the fish after it was fillet, and the beef tenderloin tasted like a soft pieces of salmon, how can you turn beef into salmon? I just don't see the mixer. I give eyes contact with my waiter he came over. I then told him the beef tenderloin tasted really soft and it taste like salmon. He then told me oh because the chef souve the beef in a plastic bag, and I'm not sure you know what souve mean. Ummmm excuse me. Wow. I might be Look young but I do dine out everyday. And my friend as a chef does use a souve machine to cook his chicken before he frie it up so the meat could be tender and juicy in the middle, instead of being dry. He seriously looking at me like a kid not knowing what I'm in for or talking about. I pay to dine not to let you insulted me and educated me about cooking method. So I wave another person that is working on the floor to come to our table and ask for the check and the manager. As the manager arrive I told him what was going on, and that our server don't same to really care. The manger told me he do care. And will take the halibut out of our check, my partner told him we not here for a free meal, is nice to know that he do care. That how customer service suppose to be. We pay you to dine, not to have issue, so I just ask him for the check, the check came out, halibut was not on the check, is was nice but he didn't have to. With the service like that we still tips you 20% and more because your manager know how to handle the situation. Not because of your service. You probably need to go Learn how to serve again. And not educate your patron on how a souve is suppose to be use.I hope to increase this rating to five stars upon our next visit to Le Foret.
THE.  FOOD.  IS.  INCREDIBLE.   
THE.  SERVICE.  IS.  ATROCIOUS.
Unfortunately, the previous reviewer was incorrect; the bumbling and unorganized service certainly directly extends to the downstairs portion of the restaurant.
What he did not accurately explain was how the food is so amazing, it's like a psychedelic trip to another planet.  It's like an out-of-body experience.  It's like . . . something that could have been my best meal in New Orleans ever.
Oh, if only the people OUTSIDE of the kitchen were a fraction as talented as the people inside of it.
Ugh.
Due to a rainy evening, we were fifteen minutes late for our reservation...though more than half the tables were empty upon our arrival.  Our hostess threw her hands up, told us she was sorry, we could not be seated tonight, and that we could eat at the bar if we liked.  My husband pressed, asking when the next table was available, at which point she frantically leafed through her notebook and told us . . . ten minutes.  !  So we volunteered to have a drink while they set up the table.
We asked for bread at the bar, which was given to us literally seconds before we were seated.  The waiter did not bring the bread or our drinks - which we carried ourselves - to the table, and when I asked for bread at the table, I had to ask twice and waited about fifteen minutes before finally getting bread (I was hungry!).
We also ordered two entrees to split two ways, but our waiter only served us one entree.
Our waiter pretended to have the whole "southern charm" thing going on, but constantly interrupted us and got our order wrong more than once.
Thankfully, the food was transformative to our mood.  A beet and crab salad melted in my mouth; a candied pecan salad in his.  We split what I can only compare to a lobster thermidor; lobster cooked in a bread-covered pan, with it and its sauces poured over creme fraiche and tender vegetables.  Every dish was accompanied by a decadent and appropriate amuse bouche.  We had a cheese plate for dessert; every cheese was beyond perfection, along with its pairings.  We were even given merengues to take home.
But more trouble lay ahead.
We paid for our drink at the bar, and was charged again for it later in the evening on our bill.  When we pointed this out, we were argued with by the waiter (!) and told, essentially, that we were lying.  My husband had to fish out the receipt to show him that we had, indeed, paid for our drinks at the bar.
When we attempted to get our car out of valet, we were asked by two different people for our ticket, and no one had given us a ticket.  When I asked for my coat out of coat check, I was again asked for a ticket which I did not have.  Thankfully, we received our car and coat eventually, but with much more trouble than we would have liked.
I really hope this restaurant gets it together.  I can think of nothing better than bringing friends and family here and impressing the pants off of them with the food AND service.  The latter, however, has a lot of catching up to do with the former.
Oh, and as a recreational interior consultant, one suggestion about the atmosphere guys:  consider painting the walls a different color, or wallpapering them.  It feels a little too Covington spec house in there.Amazing French cuisine and great service. Definitely returning for their halibut and duck. Two table visits were made to check on us. Friendly staff and beautiful decor--chandeliers and white tablecloth ambiance. Worth a visit if you like French fare and are in New Orleans.My First Yelp Review!!! =)
I've been waiting to try out this restaurant because it received such high ratings from a friend.  My fiance and I made reservations on OpenTables for 9pm.  When we arrived, it was a bit difficult to figure out which side the valet parking was on.  There were no signs or booth set up outside whatsoever.  We had to make a turn around the block, and my fiancee had to get out of the car & run into the restaurant to ask where the valet service was located.  This made us 5 minutes late for our reservations.  The hostess was friendly and seated us almost immediately.  The restaurant felt cozy with great ambiance.  The biggest setback was our waiter.  No where to be seen for a good 10 minutes after he seated us. Didn't tell us the specials...took quite a bit of time for drinks to arrive..and after drinks arrived..where did he go to even take our menus??  My fiance is definitly not one to be impatient but he did remark that our waiter has his heads in the clouds.
But I have to say..the food made up for this little mishap.  Shall I say.."Oh Mon Dieu!!!"
Always love it when given an amuse bouche to start: small cup of squash soup accompanied with a ducked shaped wafer.
Appertizer: Seared Hudson Valley Fois Gras
                    Grilled Quail with Mustard Green Gnoochi
Literally one of the BEST Fois Gras I had in a very long time.  Melted in your mouth buttery goodness!  This is probably THE DISH that draws me back to Le Foret.
Entrees: Sauteed Wild Alaskan Halibut
                 Steamed Buttered Lobster
Good entrees; Halibut was very light and fluffy; perfectly cooked fish (which tends to be overcooked at other restaurants because it's such a low fat white fish)  Lobster was also steamed just right...We enjoyed the entrees
Dessert: Can't remember the name of the dessert but it was good.
Overall a good NOLA restaurant...good enough to say I would definitely come again!Disappointing experience. We had dinner at Le Foret on a recent Saturday evening .
The service was slow and plodding. Our drinks and appetizers were solid . The entrees took a while to come and one diner's lamb was very undercooked. It was sent back. As the rest of the party completed dinner , it was noted the lamb dish had never come back from the kitchen. The server was informed and seem unconcerned when instructed to  cancel the order. When requested, the manager came by. He appropriately apologized and informed our group we would not be charged for the food that never came!! Indeed, when the bill arrived,no other adjustments were made (but at least the undelivered food had been removed from the tab). All in all, we were disappointed with our dinner and certainly have had many better dining experiences in New Orleans.We had a lovely dinner at this restaurant, However, when the bill arrived we were CHARGED $2.00 FOR 10 ICE CUBES.We complained to the waiter and the manager. They refused to remove it. $183.for dinner and $2.00 for ICE. OUTRAGEOUSI can't remember ever having been to a restaurant where I felt so unwelcome. From walking in the door and having to wait quite some time to even be acknowledged to not being offered the special menu for Restaurant Week, asking for it, and having it literally tossed onto my table, to not being told one of the two options for one of the special courses was unavailable.....I could go on and on.  The servers couldn't have cared less if I was there.  The food was passable, but not even very good; I couldn't even eat the dessert I had no choice in getting...it was awful.  And when I only had two small bites and pushed it away, the server didn't even ask what was wrong with it.  After having heard great things about this restaurant, I was so completely disappointed.  Will never recommend it to anyone ever.