We stayed there overnight Fri 4/48 - Sat 4/29 2017 . We have stayed in 4 star rooms in Paris and London, this was as nice if not nicer. The staff was easy and engaging and that's not what I expected after reading some of the recent reviews, but I just talked to them like a normal person and they were like old friends. 
The whole decor is elegant and what you would expect for a 4 star diamond hotel, the location is convenient. We enjoyed the rooftop pool and view it  really is perfect for a romantic getaway. 
We will deff be coming back for the 10pm pb&j's and hot chocalate !! Can't say enough good things , don't miss it if you can.My stay at Le Pavillion was probably the worst hotel stay I have had in some time. I expected a 4-star hotel experience and Le Pavillion definitely did not deliver. I will say that the front desk staff was very nice, as were the bellmen when they were there (there was no bellman when we arrived late for check-in). But, we had several problems during our stay. Each time we complained, the solution was simply to move us to another room. We stayed in four rooms during our four-night stay, which indicates that there is definitely a problem with the hotel.
1. Our first room was dirty. There was garbage on the floor and the bed was full of hair. The bathroom was in serious disrepair and in need of an upgrade. This room reminded me of a Best Western circa 1983.
2. Our second room also had garbage on the floor. The bed was clean, but the bathtub faucet leaked. Housekeeping had left the bath plugged, so the tub was about 1/3 full when we checked into the room. The biggest problem with this room was that at around 7am work started on two of the rooms down the hall. It was extremely loud with workmen with radios going by about every 15 minutes and doors slamming literally about every 30 seconds.
3. The third room, apparently an upgrade to deluxe, seemed that it would be OK. Though this was supposed to be a deluxe room, it was still not up to par with really any of the other high-end hotels where I've stayed. The housekeeping staff is very sloppy, leaving dust on everything. And, the bathroom door in this room stuck, which meant that almost every time my husband used the bathroom he had to jiggle the door for about 20 seconds before being able to exit the room. We were happy enough with this room, until 3am when the neighbors returned from their night of partying and started having a screaming fit, slamming doors and throwing things against the walls. After about an hour of this, I called to complain and was told that the staff already knew about the problem. If this were happening next door to my house, I would have called the police with a report of potential domestic violence. But, the hotel was apparently unequipped to deal with this kind of disturbance, and so let it continue. After I called to complain the woman next door kicked the man out and we finally had some peace...until 10am when she called her husband on the phone and started in again. When I called to complain I was told that a manager would address the issue right away. An hour later when I went downstairs to talk to the manager in person, she was completely unaware that the problem had resumed. This seems like a pretty serious issue to have overlooked. I can't believe the hotel let this kind of behavior continue and did not evict these people.
4. I related this entire story to the manager, and was moved (yet again!) to a suite, room 830. We did recognize this as a very nice gesture in order to compensate for the problems we'd encountered. To be honest, however, I was told this was the largest, nicest suite in the hotel and I was extremely surprised that a hotel of this caliber would not have a better room than suite 830. The suite was quiet, which was really what we were hoping for. We spent two nights in the suite and thought it was fine. But, I would much rather have gotten my money back after the first night and moved to another hotel.
The hot water in 830 is problematic. My husband and I both took cold showers our first night. Again, the bathrooms remind me of a Best Western. I can't believe that this hotel could convince someone to pay for the bath service to take a bath in those nasty bathrooms. The room with the king bed was small. And, the TV in the king bedroom turned itself on. I have no idea what could have happened, but it turned on by itself. Most of the towels are frayed and worn. And, those bedspreads really need to go. They are stained and disgusting. I don't know that I've stayed at any high-end hotel in the past 10 years that still uses bedspreads like that. Seems very unsanitary.
On the plus side, if I played the piano I would have enjoyed having one in the suite. My husband liked the large, flat-screen TV. The turn-down service was very nice, though I am quite confused by which rooms actually receive the service. We were not offered turn-down service for our first two nights. Only once we moved to the suite did we get the service. This seems exceptionally inconsistent, which I believe reflects badly on the hotel.
Again, we do recognize the effort to make our stay more pleasant by moving us to a suite. But, this hotel needs some serious renovation and the staff (particularly the cleaning staff) needs to be trained to pick up the garbage (even if they don't vacuum), dust the phones in the bathrooms, and ensure there is no hair in the beds.Bah Humbug... scheduled our visit in December and this was the only hotel not to have Christmas decorations and a tree. All the other hotels were breathtaking but not ours. I asked at the front desk and was told that the new owners didn't want to celebrate Christmas. I hear others guess complaining also and a few days later a mediocre tree showed up. 
I didn't frequent their bar or restaurant, in protest.
House keeping could have been better. Bathroom was never completely stocked. 
On the positive side, the hotel and rooms were beautiful and quiet. Wasn't far from action, we walked everywhere.  Staff was friendly and helpful, except housekeeping.
We lived for the peanut and jelly sandwiches served at night. Great touch.Stayed here for 3 days in mid-July. Service was excellent. The room was clean if a bit worn (hey, the place is 100 years old, so no surprise there). Bathrooms were nicely updated. The gym facilities were serviceable if not particularly ornate. Nice bar. An interesting part of town, walkable to the French Quarter, Harrah's and the streetcar line on St Charles. I'll definitely stay again if the rates don't bump up too much in the winter and spring.Can we just say AMAZING!!! My first time in NOLA and I was a bit nervous. Enter in a fabulous room. DEFINITELY Worth the price from the roof top pool, to the deluxe bedding I was super comfy. Turn down service INCLUDED A FREE BOTTLE OF WATER EVERY NIGHT( this is huge people) and yummy peanut butter and almond cookies. Not a super far walk to many attractions. The service in terms of doormen, concierge and wait staff was beyond expectations. If you're looking to stay comfortably and get the most out of your experience, stay here. We will definitely be back.Loved this hotel so much! I would highly recommend this hotel if you want to be near the Superdome and all of the tourist attractions. The wait staff is super friendly and they listen to all of your requests. They actually upgraded my standard room to a suite with no charge. Amazing! 
The Hotel itself is super gorgeous but he parking is pain. They have a lot nearby but you will have to park and pay depending on different times and rates. The interior of our room was beautiful! The tub was nice & roomy. Great for relaxing bubble-baths. Overall, the room was very clean. 
The pool was kinda out of the way, but it was well worth it when we got there. Very nice decor; and you can see parts of the city standing over their balcony.
For such a nice hotel, I don't think this place burnt a hole in our wallets or anything. Definitely will be returning again!Where do I start? Our room wasn't stalked with toiletries. Ironing board, no iron. Our blow dryer broke the first day. And we ran out of hot water. For 2 full days.
When we told them all we wanted to do was take a shower, they didn't even offer another room. They asked when we would be checking out, so they could have someone take a look. 
It looks fancy on the outside, but cheap on the inside. 
The only reason I'm giving them a 2 stars is because of the PBJ's.Place is old and needs upgrading... staff super on point and helpful.
best thing is that there in the center of most. 5 min walk to most good things on Yelp.
Stay off the 9th floor rooms.New Orleans - has been great - but our hotel leaves a lot to be desired. Namely despite being a beautiful building/structure - historic & palatial - it's dingy.  The rooms are small & the bed uncomfortable, but the worst THE WORST was not once was the room serviced despite repeated requests. In addition, no true efforts were made to remedy the situation - & rather than issue a refund they claimed that "some sort" of refund would be issued from Expedia.  When we spoke to Expedia they offered a nominal coupon towards a future reservation... And further still when Expedia spoke to the hotel they stated no refund but "they can send someone now."  This place does NOT deserve your $... Upon check out all that was offered was a refund on our $20 bar tab.Thanks Clark and Albee for making my birthday amazing!  Best staycation hotel a local could ask for!We've come to JazzFest for 29 years since 1985. We like to try different hotels in New Orleans. The best we've found are the Windsor Court and the Roosevelt (formerly the Fairmont). Our current stay at Le Pavillion is one of the worst we've ever had, anywhere. The front door is dirty and chipped and the tile is cracked and filthy. Very bad first impression. Check in was fine. Bellmen ok. The rooms are very average, certainly not a luxury quality. Overpriced. One day we came back from Fest to find the maid took a half full bottle of Titos vodka, a lime, the hotel pen, and left no hand towels or wash cloths. She didn't touch the toilet or vacuum our room. The next day, no coffee, cups, towels or vacuuming again. We called the front desk. 25 rings, no answer. We went down to the front desk to complain. They were totally indifferent. We asked for ice because there are no ice machines on any floors. It was delivered one hour and twenty minutes later. There are vacuum cleaners left in the hallways everyday. There is a trash can outside our room collecting water dripping from the ceiling. The ceiling is falling apart. Dead battery in the bedside clock. Not working. Today we left for brunch at noon and made a point to ask the front desk manager to have housekeeping do our room. We returned at 4:00 and our room wasn't touched. We asked the bellman for ice. Half an hour later when it didn't appear I went down and found him and he said he forgot the room number. We're so pissed off we asked the front desk for the GM's card. She said she didn't have one. She wrote his name down for us. I just called down and asked to be transferred to his voicemail. A recording came on that his mailbox is full and not accepting any more calls. Probably from too many guests complaining about abysmal and indifferent service. There is no middle management supervision and they are terribly under staffed. Don't stay at this hotel. It's horrible, overpriced and dirty. This property is a very bad joke. Don't ruin your vacation staying at Le Pavillion. Avoid this property at all costs.I'm so in love with this hotel. The decor is so beautiful. This is not your typical hotel. Everything is old, but in a beautiful way. The rooms are nice and clean. The bed was awesome, and I slept like a baby. I noticed that they've gotten rid of the items in the mini fridge. This is great because we can store things in the fridge. LP has also added microwave, and that's always a plus for slow eaters like myself. I can now reheat my food instead of throwing it away. My last stay our booked room wasn't available until the next day. The staff was upfront, about the situation. Which was no biggie. The next day we packed everything up, and went exploring. The staff moved our belongings to the new room (with our knowledge) while we were out. We came back to keys waiting on us at the front desk, and all of our belonging still in tact. Peanut butter and jelly time is always awesome. I would suggest metal utensils, I read of plastic for a easier application. The staff was friendly from the time we arrived until the time we left, and you can tell that respect is a high priority. They really make this place shine. From the bellman who's been there for 30 plus years, to the housekeeping ladies who asked and us how did we like everything, and even the bellhop who's a college student studying for communication. Everyone works together, and you feel the beauty of Nawlin in this hotel. I look forward to my net stay at LP, because they never disappoint me.This review is only for the restaurant at lunch.
- Very good service
- The salad bar had plenty of options and the vegetables tasted fresh
- The drum was pretty good.  Maybe a little dry
- The caramel cheesecake was pretty bland.  Not very sweet or creamy
- Interesting space.  I spent a good deal of time just checking out the walls, ceiling, and decor.  I liked itMy husband and I came here in 2013 for our honeymoon. Our trip consisted of a cruise leaving from New Orleans but I said I would like to visit before we got on the ship. He found a great deal with this hotel. When we drove up to the doors I was already in love! The hotel is absolutely beautiful! I couldnt stop looking at the gorgeous gold walls and drapes and how regal the whole place looked. I went almost 3 years ago and I still can remember this hotel! They got a heads up that we were on our honeymoon so when we arrived to our room we had a bottle of champagne and strawberries waiting for us! The beds were so comfortable and warm we slept in separate beds on purpose! We did go to the nice hot tub on the roof where we had a gorgeous view of the city. My favorite part was the Sunday brunch we had downstairs and how nice the lady chef was when she made specialty omelets! I really got a great taste of New Orleans cuisine and charm. I told my husband that we HAVE to return to this hotel! Promise you will NOT be disappointed!Highs:
It's frikkin fancy! Easilly one of the classiest hotels I've ever stayed in, with a lot of history. PB&J bar was welcome after an evening in the Quarter. The room was antique meets ultra modern in the bathroom, with a huge walk in shower. However, it was on the small side with an ancient TV. But, we weren't there to watch PBS all day. The bathroom was heated and had loads of big, clean towels!
Lows:
It's expensive. Even with our Hotwire deal it was expensive. But, you get what you pay for! Like every hotel in NOLA, they have paper thin walls. You'll hear everything. Our hairdryer unexplicably fell off the wall and smashed a drinking glass into the sink. Maintenance fixed it and cleaned up quickly.
This will definitely be a destination in the future!Lunch at the Crystal Room was delicious.  The have a large variety of salads (pasta, seafood, chicken, apple, slaws, etc). The waiter recommended the chicken salad and it was indeed delicous and like no other chicken salad I have had. Similar to a pasta salad - oil based, olives, tomatoes, peppers, etc. Try it if you have lunch there.
Slightly disapointed on the selection of hot items but what they had was indeed tasty.  Fried shrimp and catfish, gumbo, chicken teriyaki.
The dinning area is beautiful and the cold buffet was great. I would have lunch here if I was in the area.My first Sazerac, but certainly not my last. A classic, beautiful bar. Worth stopping by, even if you're not lodging here.I stay here every time I'm in the Crescent City, and I make no bones about telling anyone who will listen that I love this hotel.  I love most everything about it-the gorgeous lobby, the fantasticly efficacious and friendly service, the delicious food in the Crystal room, the beautifully appointed rooms, and the great location (close to Bourbon Street, but not too close).
My most recent stay, however (1/25-1/28) provided fodder for the complainer in me, which does occasionally rear its ugly head:
1) My trip, of course, occurred at the most inopportune time imaginable, and the entire city of New Orleans was shut down due to an ice storm.  I was stranded in Dallas on the evening of my scheduled check in at Le Pavillion.  I phoned and informed the friendly reservation gal, and she said not to worry, just travel safe and get here in one piece.  But when I arrived, my reservation was cancelled, and I ended up in a special needs room.  It had a mini-bar, but the queen beds and the wheel chair accessible shower were somewhat annoying.
2) About the Mini-Bar; the prices printed on the in room menu don't reflect the service charge(es) and taxes, so be prepared to pay $9.50 for an Abita, instead of the $6.50 published price.  Same holds true for the Pringles (a traveler's best friend, btw), the Toblerone, the Bloody Mary Mix, and anything else you dig out of the Mini-Bar.
3) Folks in New Orleans must not exercise much, because the equipment in the fitness center was lacking at best.  I tried to get 4 miles on the tread mill, but I gave up after 1.5 because it appeared that the thing was going to topple over at any second.  Same for the multi gym.
I still love this hotel.  The end.Classy and unique, the place is worth a stroll through and a drink even if you're not staying there.  Ambience and detail, excellent crystal, a working antique phone and oil paintings galore.  Definite old world charm.    The staff is professional and welcoming, the concierge is actually helpful, rooms are nice and the PB&J at night was a really nice touch.Absolutely fantastic hotel!  The decor is absolutely beautiful, the location is great, the rooms are clean, and the staff is friendly and polite - what more could you ask for?  Oh you're asking for a free PB&J bar every night?  Don't worry, Le Pavillon has it!
Back to location for a second:  One of the first things I noticed about New Orleans is that cab rides are ridiculously overpriced, which is why we pretty much decided to walk everywhere we went (when we could).  The hotel is in a quiet area (Business District), but it's just a short walk away from the craziness of Bourbon Street (5 - 7 mins).  We were even close enough (just a few blocks) to jump on the shuttle/St. Charles Street Car to go to the other side of the city for the Po Boy Festival - very nice!  A few more blocks down, you have access to Harrah's, the Riverwalk Mall, and the walkways around the river, which is beautiful.
I highly recommend this hotel!  I would definitely stay there again during future trips to New Orleans!
Note:  I did some price comparisons among several websites when booking the hotel and found that the hotel's website gave the best price with a AAA discount.I have stayed here 5 times for a lengthy amount of time. The staff is the best in the industry, and you will not be met with anything but kindness. Perry and Paula do the best job ever of making you feel welcome and resolving issues quickly.
The PBJ sandwiches at night are a great way to wind down your day in NOLA. The hotel is decorated very well and throws you back into the days when hotels were elegant and charming.
If I had to mention some concerns or upgrade requests they would be very few and very minor, such as upgrading the business center computers so the printers function and you can print boarding passes without bothering FD employees. Another is that the Internet access bogs down in the evening as guests check their emails/news, etc. I recommend more speed or possibly fiber service. Also the Mikrotik gateway you use to log in is too small for a large load (Yep, this is what I do for a living) Again, all minor and really rather unimportant.
The important thing is they all make you feel comfortable, happy, and confident in their abilities.I will never stay anywhere else in NOLA when I visit! I am a believer!!!This hotel is beautiful and the staff are extremely helpful and friendly. I booked through Hotwire and randomly got this hotel. I've always had a problem with hotels not having my info or reservation or treating me differently when I book through a secondary site. I usually try to go throught the hotel directly because of this but this time, it was too big of a savings. The staff here were great though and even let me check in really early! I
The bed was descent though a little hard since I'm a side-sleeper but better than most  hard-as-a-rock hotel beds. 
I didn't get a chance to eat at the hotel restaurant but it lloked nice. They did put out fancy PB&J sanwhichs for the evening which was fabulous coming back and being able to grab a late night snack!The hotel is awesome.  The lobby is spectacular.  The rooftop deck is fun.  The 10pm PB&J bar is great.   
The normal rooms need some work.  The bedding is old and worn.  The rooms are a bit dark.  But they're quite and have style to them.
The suites on each floor and amazing.  We stayed in the Castle Suite and loved it.  Modern bedding, a huge bathroom.  Loved it.Everything from reservations to check-in, to changing rooms, to check-out was awesome. The staff was super friendly. I love the decor of the place, very classy. Some highlights are:
* 10-11PM there are free PB&J sandwiches in the lobby for guests
* The closets have lights that turn on when you open them. Kind of like refrigerators. Just a little piece of awesome.
* The fitness center pretty well thought out with a variety of weight machines, cardio equipment and free weights
* The pool is open late and is on the rooftop.
And finally, there's a guy named Gustav who helped me get my camera back after I had left it at the hotel. He dealt with me numerous times via the phone and got it back to me by the end of the week.
If I go back, I will be staying at Le Pavillion!Our family stayed here during a recent trip to New Orleans.  A lot of the hotels in the area are $200+ a night, so we tried to save a buck by using Hotwire.  We checked out the website, and the reviews looked great.  We were looking forward to staying in a local place with some history rather than the usual chain. 
The first day I was not impressed.  The parking is $39/night, which is a little steep in my opinion.  We saw some lots nearby for $16/night but chose to keep the car at the hotel for all three nights for the convenience.  We waited for the elevator for a few minutes -- there are two elevators: one was working and the other appeared to be out of service but there were no signs indicating it was out of order or any indication that it was being serviced.  For a big hotel, it was a little annoying especially because the elevators are tiny.  When we got to the floor, the hallways smelled really musty.  It seems like all the furniture and the carpets are really old.  The hotel is in need of some renovations for sure. 
As the days passed, I grew to like it a little more.  The service is excellent.  Everyone who works there is very nice and helpful.  The shower was always really hot, and the PBJ's at 10pm were a nice touch and a little nicer than I expected.  You can choose from white or wheat bread, crunchy or creamy peanut butter, and Apple jelly, grape jelly, or strawberry preserves.  And they had marshmallows and fresh whipped cream for the hot chocolate.  Good stuff!  I wouldn't call this a 4.5 star hotel, though, but we did get a nice Southern hospitality feel while we were there. 
I would stay again if I got the same deal, but I would never pay the normal nightly rate unless they do some renovations!Beware- this hotel lost my hotel reservation. Not fun having your flight delayed and getting to the hotel at midnight to find they have no record of your room even though you are holding a confirmation.My family recently booked a block of rooms here for several family members who were in New Orleans for my sister's wedding. When I first arrived I was impressed by the beautiful entrance of marble and gold trims. But all that glitters isn't gold. The three people at the front desk were too engaged in their own conversation to greet us even though they looked at us as we approached. Our room wasn't ready yet, I was told we would get a phone call after 3 when our room was ready. Hours later, I still hadn't received a phone call. I had to call the hotel at 4:30 to ask and a disinterested front desk attendant said "it's been ready". After we checked in, a gentleman attendant brought our bags up to our room. I thanked him and went to go get my wallet to tip him, he didn't seem to realize that and decided to passive aggressively yell "thank you for your generosity" as he slammed the door. At this point I'm beside myself in shock as I am in the hospitality industry myself. I wish I could say that was the end of it, however on my second day there, which happened to be my birthday, I attempted to buy tickets for a tour I wanted to take in the French quarter and my card was declined. The hotel charged me for over 3 times what I was supposed to be charged for the room. I was told that they could refund it but it would take 3-5 business days to refund. Considering this was a weekend and I needed that money for this trip and to help with my sisters wedding, I had to forfeit my birthday plans and go back to the hotel to deal with the situation. The manager on duty was able to refund my money after I had to call my bank and go back and forth faxing forms and proving my identity. The whole process took over an hour and at the end of it, I was given breakfast vouchers "for the inconvenience". Honestly those were more insulting than anything else I'd endured there. Having to cancel my birthday plans and the stress of not being able to pay for anything on the weekend of my sisters wedding is more than an "inconvenience". The manager still refunded the incorrect amount, which resulted in me having to deal with billing issues at 5am when I was trying to check out and catch a 6am flight. The front desk attendant who knew nothing of the prior situation tried to explain away the original fiasco as a charge for "incidentals" which was incorrect and did not involve him in the first place. I go to New Orleans 2-3 times a year and I will NEVER book with Le Pavilion again and strongly advise against it. Their staff isn't even competent enough to run a Howard Johnson.I just had a lunch meeting at La Pavillion and it was a hit. Food is excellent and service is top notch. The atmosphere is great, very toney. If people from outside of area are coming in you might give them a heads up on parking, street parking is fine for short term ($2.00) and lots are available for $7 for the day.Highlights: 
---the feeling of splendor in the grand lobby
---cushy and comfortable beds and pillows
---PBJ sandwiches (multiple types of jam available for your making pleasure) and decadent hot cocoa with real whipped cream and marshmallows at 10 PM
---friendly staff that really helped make sure we got where we needed to be on time
---lovely bathrooms in the rooms
---great location
Lowlights: 
---wasn't able to get keys to get into my room for over an hour (even though I arrived at the hotel over half an hour after check-in time)
---walls were thin so I could hear people in adjacent rooms and the hall throughout the night (but I'm a light sleeper)This is by far my WORST hotel experience. The hotel itself was nice (old but charming) but the customer service was TERRIBLE! Everything turned into "a thing"!!! It's a long one but only because there was a lot of issues. #NoFrills
First, we check in Friday and the room was smaller than depicted in pictures. Our "Deluxe King" did not even have space for the additional table and chair that was pictured. Plus, we couldn't fully open the cabinet door to get to the fridge because it hit the foot of the bed.
Second, one elevator was broken for  1/2 our trip, and the working elevator had a 5 person maximum, so there were substantial delays getting to and from our room.
Next, It took 4 calls and 1.5 hours to get ice delivered. There are no ice machines (which would solve this issue). After the 4th call to the front desk an employee finally came with an attitude, delivered one bag instead of the 2 requested, and told us they didn't deliver ice to the pool. (Which didn't make sense because they had a station set up to order food and drinks to the pool.) Upon speaking to the manager he confirmed this was not the case. He was very pleasant as he heard us out and provided complimentary buffet vouchers which didn't expire until we left.
Saturday we attempted to use our buffet vouchers.  However, due to conflicting information provided in the book in our room compounded with our conversation with the front desk employees who provided additional misinformation, we missed the Saturday brunch. Needless to say we were frustrated, unable to use our vouchers and forced to eat elsewhere. 
Sunday morning we tried to use the rooftop pool and the door was deadbolted. After 1 call and 1 front desk visit, it still took 30 minutes for maintenance to come unlock the door. This cut our pool experience short because we wanted to be on time for the buffet (based on our previous mishap).
We arrived at the time we were told the buffet began only to be told it didn't begin for another hour so we went back to our room to kill time. An hour later we tried again to use our buffet vouchers.  Lisa informed us that our vouchers were not applicable to Sunday's buffet. Sensing our frustration, she allowed us to partake in the Sunday buffet anyway. When we offered her the vouchers she waived us in and told us "not to worry about it." so we held on to them for the next day. The food was really good. We did have to wait an additional 15 minutes because the omelette bar was not ready.
Sunday night we attempt to call the front desk for more ice and no one answered for over an hour. When we did reach someone, we were told it was going to be a 45 minute wait for ice.
Monday morning we attempted to use the buffet vouchers (remember the ones we were given as a result of our original ice grievance that Lisa didn't take from us after our breakfast grievance). We were met with a hostile Lisa. Her first words to us when we walked up were "Absolutely not!" When we asked what the issue was, she responded with how "disappointed" she was that we tried to use them after she comped the buffet yesterday. We tried to explain how we were dealing with 2 totally different issues (one being the ridiculousness with the ice and the second being the failed attempts at brunch due to misinformation provided from several sources). She abruptly cut us off, put a hand in the air and claimed she "already heard the story". Not sure where she heard our "story" from, I tried to explain that there was more to it than even we had addressed prior. She cut me off again and said "I don't care" and that "the money comped for the buffet was more than we paid for our room rate". We had enough of her extremely rude and dismissive attitude so we asked for a manager. She sent us to look for a manager that was not working that day. We found the previous manager who comped us the vouchers our first night. He took notes and claimed he would address our grievances in a meeting and follow up with us via email. Not sure of the outcome because we have yet to receive any email.Yes, Le Pavillon is going through some renovations.  Yes, they only have two elevators, and you may end up riding with some workers, yes, the water pressure is hit or miss.  BUT, this hotel is well worth your stay.   This historic hotel is grand, fancy yet comfortable, and breathtakingly beautiful.  Every single person working in this hotel is gracious, friendly, kind and helpful, from the valets, to the doormen to the front desk to the housekeeping staff.  And yes, even the construction workers!  Special shout out to the bartender Pamela.  I'm not a huge drinker, but wanted a 'New Orleans cocktail'.  Not only did she set me up with a Sazerac, as she made it, she told us the history of the drink and showed us each step.  And it was amazing.   Hugs all around!  The rooms are new.  The beds are divinely comfortable, as are the pillows, excellent nights sleep every night.  Yes, the water pressure was a bit hit or miss, but not worth complaining about.   The pool area upstairs was the only reason for no 5th star.  It looks like it hasn't been redone yet, there were potted plants in odd spaces.  I'm assuming someone had been redoing them, but there was mud, a broken deck plank and it was pretty messy up there.   The pool itself was very nice and the view was worth it.   It's also a perfect location.  French Quarter is safely walkable, and you are also in the Central Business district, close to wonderful restaurants, shopping and the Aquarium.There are better places for the price in New Orleans. This hotel is just a few blocks from the quarter.  ok location, but difficult driveway for drop/pick up .  It's claim to fame is serving hot chocolate and pbj's every evening to their guest. Unfortunately no one seems to be checking room keys; the line was a mile long and some looked like they had just wandered in off the street. The room was OK, but in desperate need of a face lift (as was the hotel in general).  Our Ac unit condensate dripped all night and the sink didn't drain. When I reported this to staff they just replied "thank you, good to know".  No signs of any real management, as if a bunch of bored kids were running the place.  Also very disappointed when they refused a late check out. 
We have family in the area and travel to New Orleans 2-3 times a year. Doubtful we'll return to this hotel.We booked this hotel through Hotels.com last minute. It is really beautiful and seemed clean. The bed was heavenly. The bathroom had black marble tiles which I loved. The ceilings had lots of hand-painted detailing and the curtains were tasteful. The soaps were really nice. parking was available through the hotel for $40 but we found free street parking. They even extended our checkout time to 2:00 pm because we got in really late that night.
I would've given five stars but they mistakenly billed me twice, once through Hotels.com another through their own billing system. I had to go down to the lobby in the morning to get it taken care of. If you book through hotels.com, you might want to check your credit card statement online if you can.For a nicer hotel in New Orleans I was disappointed that they didn't pay attention to the little things.  The room was small, which I can live with but the furniture was so big and so much of it, it was difficult to move around in the room. The very small bathroom was terrible! The many issues include: poorly designed sink that splashed covering you in water when you used it, cheap hair dryer, corroded toilet seat hinges, gross- poorly repaired caulk and grout in the shower, broken shower head pointing straight down and no hand towel rack.
The ice machine appeared that it hadn't been cleaned in a very long time, making using it very unappealing.
The evening snack was cute, but not something we chose to partake in.
The next time we're in New Orleans, we will not be returning to this hotel.The hotel is an old classic recently renovated. Rooms are somewhat small. Lounge only open in the evenings. Service is very slow, though the staff is friendly. Only 2 elevators which take forever to reach your floor and are slow. Reserved for three nights, checked out after the first night. Did not feel comfortable there.I loved the old feel of this hotel. It was in a good location in the Central Business District, not far from the French Quarter. Here are my pluses and negatives:
plus
+Great location in CBD on Poydras St. 
+Easy parking lot right across the small street. 
+Room had a wonderful old New Orleans feel to it. 
+Semi-nice view of the bridge that goes to Algiers. 
+LOVED the peanut butter and jelly and hot chocolate in the night from 10pm to 11pm. 
+LOVED the hottube and pool on the 10th floor. It was heated. I actually went in both and it was about 35 degrees out and i was comfortable!
+Liked the gym on the 10th floor. Had fruit and a water cooler. 
+Comfortable bed. 
+Nice staff- Front desk supervisor was very nice as well as concierge. 
+Beautiful decor everywhere. Loved the lobby. Loved the big Christmas tree. Such a relaxing lobby with beautiful music. 
negative
-Parking was $28. 
-Boyfriend said that the maids were way too loud in the morning although did not wake him up, he heard them really loud once he was awake.My husband and I spent 2 nights during inauguration week at this hotel. The hotel location is ideal and you can easily get to major attractions such as bourbon street. The hotel bed was incredibly comfortable and the room was spacious enough. On the not so pleasant side was that hot water was an issue and you had to let the water run for over 15 minutes to get a decent enough temperature. My husband took cold showers most of the time. They are doing renovations so perhaps this was the reason for the water issues. But I guess the most disappointing thing for me was on day we checked out. We left our bags with the porter service and when we came to pick them up, we forgot a plastic bag with our New Orleans souvenirs and shopping on the bell mans cart. Realizing this less than an hour later after we got to the airport, we called the hotel to check for the plastic bag and see if they could mail it us. Alas the bag couldn't be found. We sent a follow up email which went unanswered.  We sent a second email and the response we received was that the bag wasn't found and if found we would be notified....amazing how something can get lost that fast. While the hotel was mostly nice, we wouldn't stay there again because of the poor customer service we received on this issueBeautiful, up-scale lobby and restaurant.  Nice rooms with comfortable beds.  Luxury amenities.  Gracious, welcoming staff.  
Having stayed in many nice hotels, I rate Le Pavillon very highly mostly because of the staff.  Of course, the calling card of the hotel is the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with hot chocolate offered nightly in the lobby.  After the first night of this treat, our internal alarms sounded every night after to make our way to the lobby--along with dozens of others.We got assigned to this hotel through Hotwire and for the most part our experience was pretty good. The hotel itself is beautiful and elaborate with their decor. The staff does give off a vibe like they really don't want to be there so if you expect 4 start service at this 4 star hotel.. Isn't going to happen. Upon arrival we got there early and the rooms weren't ready so they held our bags until we were able to check in. When we did get a room and they brought up the bags they were someone else's bags.. Luckily we are honest people and told the bellman these were the wrong bags and he was able to locate ours. The room we got was updated, very nice and the bed was so comfortable. We didn't have any issues while staying there, luckily we didn't bring a car so we didn't have to pay the daily rate for parking which seemed a little excessive. The day of check out I did receive a bill for charges that were not mine which was a little alarming but the front desk corrected it. We ate breakfast at the hotel the last day we were there since they have us coupons upon check in. The "buffet" consists of oatmeal, pastries, cereal and fruit.. If you want to add the omelette station is an additional $4 bringing the total to $18 per person for the buffet. Not worth it in my opinion, we ended up just ordering off the menu which was cheaper. Overall our stay was good but we will probably try another hotel the next time we visit.This hotel is by the best place I've ever stayed at!! My boyfriend and I stayed here this last August and had arrived earlier than expected so the doorman, Cedric (amazing man btw), took us across the street to a nice little cafe for breakfast then once we were finished eating they had a room ready on the top floor (hours before our scheduled check in time I may add)! The staff was amazing and made sure we were comfortable at all times! Rooms were clean and all accommodations were met! The nightly pb&j sandwiches are also something to look forward to after a long night in the French Quarter (which is only a few minutes walk from the front door). They also have valet parking that is constantly being watched, which is the right way to go when it comes to wanting a safe place to park your car at night. I highly recommend this hotel if you plan on visiting New Orleans, it's a bit high in price but 100% worth every penny!!! Thank you so much for the hospitality we can't wait to return!!! 
-Raelynn & KaiMy travel agent booked this hotel for us when I came down here for a marathon trip. It was lovely! I will be coming back and staying here. The hospitality was as Southern as they come, every one there was super polite and helpful. They serve peanut butter and jelly sandwiches to the guests at night, with hot cocoa and/or milk. How adorable is that? The breakfast buffet in the morning is great, and the chef Mrs. Patty Cakes (yes that's what her name tag says) is there every morning serving up hot & fresh omelets. They also do a jazz champagne Sunday brunch every Sunday. This is a great location and a short cab ride away from all of the attractions.When we first checked in I must say I was a little disappointed.  Everything is OLD.  Old decor and there are imperfections everywhere you look.  On top of that the halls have an old musty smell that smells like...well...old.  
By the time we left though I liked it a whole lot more.  We just had fun there!  The staff is really nice.  The pool area, though small, was always full of fun, interesting and hilarious people.  We shared tequila shots, heard funny stories and got great advice from the other guests.  This is an old NOLA hotel but not at all stuffy.
On Sunday morning we couldnt get a reservation for brunch and were feeling a little worn out so we didnt get out of our room until about 12.  We step off the elevator and there is this sumptuous feast laid out in the dining room.  Theres a piano player just singing his heart out but he's not exactly Frank Sinatra so one of the servers starts doing the singing in her hair net.  Thats the kind of place La Pavillion is.  BTW..she was really good too,
And that old look and smell...thats part of the charm of NOLA.We got an insanely amazing deal on Hotwire. Airfare from San Francisco + 2 nights here for only $335! We checked the website and knew it was a little fancy schmancy but when we got there we were absolutely floored. I've stayed at trendy upscale hotels before but never an old school classy European one and I LOVED LOVED LOVED it. 
The lobby was gorgeous and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The room was a nice size but the bathroom could've used a little work. I almost yanked the faucet out by accident. 
Of course there's the PB+J at 10pm. I thought it would just be pre-made sandwiches on a tray but it was a lot more elaborate with different kinds of jams and peanut butters. Very impressive! 
Also they had a good selection of newspapers delivered to you in the morning. Not just USA Today but they also had WSJ and NYT. =)
I liked the location a lot. It was away from the French Quarter but not too far away. The only pain is when you're stumbling back drunk and it seems like it's forever away.Historical place in NOLA. A great place to be with family. The place was just too pretty and well decorated. Loved it so much didnt want to leave it at all.
We arrived there late and after a few hours the traditional late night P B n J was waiting for us in the lobby. It was so nice to reach the hotel late and then a late night snack was waiting for us. The best part was to stay in the lobby, munching those snacks and then chatting with the people there. 
Heard the buffet breakfast was just as good, but did'nt get to try it. Next time i will make sure to try the famous breakfast. 
This is one of the leading hotels in the world and i am so happy i was there.Am a fan of this hotel. We found a last-minute rate that could not be beat and I thought it too good to be true. But when we arrived, the hotel staff was courteous, the hotel was beautiful and the PB&J sandwiches and chocolate milk can't be beat. I wanna go back to Nola just for the PB&J at Le Pavillon. 
We had a room with a king size bed. One complaint was that they might consider some comforters for the bed rooms that haven't been updated. Still a nice spread though.3.50 stars Love the old school feel!
The peanut and butter jelly sandwiches from 10-11pm...sooo cool! With milk! Nice touch. Very old with lots of history and door man with black top hat and tux. Everyone was friendly. The pool was cute but small and the hot tub cute but wayyy small. The pool view was GREAT. The room was just super tiny and I get the hotel has an old school feel but the bedding could be updated and nicer and keep the charm. 
Maybe I should done a ghost tour of the hotel...I will be visiting NOLA again, and I would stay here again in a heartbeat. This is a gorgeous, old school, classic hotel in a wonderfully convenient location. 
A short walk from the hotel you can be in the business district, ambitious walkers like me can hoof it to the convention center. The streetcar line runs a few blocks away, and it's a short jaunt to the French Quarter. 
The hotel was truly beautiful and "swanky" indoors - the lobby, bar, even the corridors and elevators. As with older hotels the rooms are smallish, but beautifully appointed and very, very comfortable and clean. I never ate at the restaurant - but did enjoy my hot chocolate and sandwiches from the lobby at bedtime. 
The rooftop deck and pool were great - though we did see a terrifying palmetto in the hallway up there. It seems he lives there and makes appearances in several reviews, haha. It's the south, it's bound to happen. Get over it. 
The staff though - they make this place a true delight. From the friendly doorman who learns your name, to the concierge who was quick to hand me an umbrella during a torrential downpour. The bar tenders were easygoing and friendly, even running into the maids was pleasant. Every person had a kind word - our whole stay - from the lowliest cleaner to the front desk. They are all there to make you feel welcome and like it is their privilege you are staying there. 
I am looking forward to my return visit!This is a very charming historic hotel with very friendly staff. My wife and I stayed here for five days and enjoyed every minute of it. At nights, the hotel upkeeps it's tradition by setting up a complimentary peanut butter and jelly bar with hot cocoa. The rooftop features a jacuzzi and heated pool with covered cabanas. The restaurant features live music and the bar is very generous with drinks. Whether your looking to party at Bourbon Street, walk the French Quarter or Gamble at the casino, the hotel is always six blocks away.Stayed here on a business trip 12/14/14 - 12/19/14. Pros: The hotel staff was very friendly. Valet always had my car within in 5 minutes. The PBJ and hot chocolate are actually a nice touch I went down twice during my stay. Received a late checkout on my last day to wait for my flight. Great location, I walked all over the "business district" and the "french quarter" from here. Room was quiet, and bed was comfortable.
CONS: A little dated, some wall paper peeling in the bathroom, wore carpets, stuff like that... if that matters to you choose elsewhere. The shower has plenty of hot water, but there is very little pressure (at least in my room). I dined at the Crystal Room for the $20 lunch buffet. All the hot food was room temperature or cooler. The only hot item was the seafood bisque, and that was all bisque and no seafood.
I recommend stay here but eat elsewhere. I had a great meal at the Olde N'awlins Cookery on Bourbon Street.Spent a week in a great suite here....miss the room and the nightly pb&j!! Waiting for my next visitMy wife loved it.  During a confirmation call I mentioned it was our 13th anniversary.   We arrived to find a very nice surprise waiting for us.   Anything that makes my wife that happy deserves 5 stars, good job.During our vacation in New Orleans we wanted a hotel close to everything without being in the center of all the noise. That place is hotel Le Pavillon. This hotel is beautiful! The lobby is absolutely gorgeous. The rooms are spacious. The staff are all friendly and helpful.  The rooftop pool is Fabulous and has a great view of the city. I enjoyed sitting by the pool after a long day of sightseeing. I loved the free peanut butter and jelly night buffet Normally I never eat at hotel, but this place food is delicious. I prefer their breakfast over Roby Slipper. Chef Michael makes the BEST bread pudding! Even if you think you hate bread pudding try his. I'm not a bread pudding person, but his converted me into one.  
We are coming to New Orleans again next year and I can't imagine staying anywhere else, but Le PavillonThe good: the hotel lobby is beautiful and well cared for. The doormen were great. The beds very comfy. 
The bad: light burned out in our room. The curtains were not hung properly (off their rail), the bathtub didn't hold bath water, the toilet did not flush properly. One wall was nicked badly and the paint was knocked off--very noticeable because decor is dark. 
I reported this to the front desk. Not addressed. 
What this tells me is that the hotel has poor attention to detail. And for the price we paid, I expected more. Easily fixable items, but no sense of urgency to do so. Too bad. It's a grand old hotel.Love visiting New Orleans we usually stay at the Marriott on canal street but decided to give Le Pavillion a try. It was a absolutely beautiful inside and the rooms were nice and clean guest check in went smoothly and everyone was very friendly and helpful. Valet parking available I believe it was 35-38 a day not 100% sure but in that price range. Would recommend to anyone visiting New OrleansOk I will start with the good..this hotel is gorgeous.  The most comfortable beds anywhere.  Awesome shower head. Two important things in my book.  Now negative.  Bar is depressing.  It's in back of hotel . The bartenders dont seem to hand it together.  Waiting ten mins for a drink with 2 people in bar not cool.  Not knowing his to make a drink.  Girl asked for dirty martini and he asked what flavor vodka?  When housekeeping came they forgot toilet paper and towels.  Our phone in room didnt work so there was no way to call front desk for towels and toilet paper.  This hotel is stunning but needs some tightening up on customer service.This review is much overdue. Before I say anything else just let me say that I love love love Ms Paula, who manages the front desk! If for no other reason, you must stay here because her level of service is unmet. She's the best. 
My husband and I stayed here for our destination wedding and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Beautiful, welcoming, comfortable and affordable. From the moment we arrived, the doorman greeted us graciously. We arrived super early and MS. Paula allowed us to check in early to the absolute best suite ever! Anything that we needed during our stay, was provided hastily and the check out process was just as smooth. My husband works in the hotel industry so we are pretty critical but even he couldn't stop complimenting the hotel and staff. I will forever remember our stay and can't wait to come back.This place is amazing! This is one of the most beautiful hotel's I've ever stayed in. Great customer service as well, very personal. The beds were so comfy and big. I could stay there for a long time for sure no problem. They have peanut and jelly sandwiches every night at 10pm in the lobby. It was such a cute thing, we went down there and had a late night snack. I highly recommend this hotel!Let's just say that short of staying the French Quarter (Not recommended unless you are under 40 and want to get NO sleep!), Le Pavillion is THE place to stay while in New Orleans if you want that "N'awlins" feel!  Le Pavillion has the old school charm and feel, from the top-hatted doorman to the ornate decorations and paintings that inhabit the lobby and all the hallways of the hotel.  It may be a little dated but the rooms hold up pretty well with king/queen beds and full marble bathrooms. Rooms were quiet and well sound-proofed as we didn't hear a peep from anyone coming in late at night.  Beds were really comfy!
One of the cool traditions they have is serving PB&J sandwiches with cold milk or hot chocolate (not the mix kind, real hot chocolate with homemade whipped cream!) at 10 each night for all guests.  Was cool to see families hanging out in the lobby with half-inebriated young adults either getting a pre-bedtime snack or fueling up for a long night of partying!!  
There are cheaper hotels and nicer ones but if you want to experience old charm New Orleans, make sure you stay here!I really loved this place, the room service is great, the people there are very nice. And their broccoli is amazing! But so far my favorite part of the hotel was the hot cocoa and the peanut butter jelly sandwiches at 10:00pm  in the lobby. It's free and delicious!Stopped in for the lunch buffet.  Classic grand hotel, great architecture.   Formal but friendly waiters.    Buffet was well done, lots of options.  I stuck with gumbo, salad bar and bread pudding with rum sauce.   Yes, dessert at lunch!  The waiter talked me into it.Arrived at 10 am on the day of check-in after disembarking from a cruise--initially intended to store luggage until check-in at 3 pm, but the front desk offered to let us check in right away--without my even asking! That's the earliest I've ever checked into any hotel, period!!!
pb&j with milk and hot chocolate daily at 10 pm is cute.
free soap provided to guests has a ROPE attached! so damn cool!
booking through hotel with AAA rate was cheaper than hotwire.I just made a yelp account so I could do this review. 6 months ago I booked a room at this hotel. A month before I was supposed to stay here I broke my ankle. They let me move my reservation a month ahead free of charge! Even on a weekend! Also not to mention THIS PLACE IS BREATHTAKING! The staff was super nice and helpful. The hotel is gorgeous inside and out. They must have done some remodeling recently? The room I booked was the standard king room. Nothing fancy. When I walked through the door to my room I was taken back. It was stunning! Very updated and modern. The rooftop terrace and pool is beautiful. My fianc and I sat up there eating our complimentary PB&Js enjoying the view. As for  the rumor of this place being haunted, I unfortunately did experience anything (I was kinda looking forward to that) ha! I will DEFINITELY recommend this hotel to everyone. I hope to be back soon!Love this hotel! The rooms are simple but elegant, and the lobby and rooftop lounge/pool area are gorgeous. The Wi-Fi is also ridiculously fast.
But by far, the best part was the PB&J buffet. You might think that PB&J is a silly reason to stay at a hotel, but let me tell you, after a day walking in the hot sun of NOLA, PB&J with a glass of milk hits the spot!
My only warning would be that this hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the French Quarter. It's not a bad walk, but if you'd rather stay closer to the touristy areas, keep that in mind.I was having a great visit here until I was told that there are no microwaves available to be brought up to our rooms and no one can warm anything for us downstairs in the kitchen or dining area. I've stayed in many hotels in my life and this is an absolute first. That means if we want any chance of eating warm food we have to order it fresh from room service or go out for every single meal. I still have a hard time believing this is accurate for such a high rated, expensive hotel. Also, the valet is understaffed so it really functions like self parking (for $39/day). The rooms are spacious and nice, but our toilet was not clean upon check in. This was quickly remedied when we mentioned it, though. The hotel is full of unique antique pieces and artwork that are breathtaking. The rooftop pool is amazing. The location is also really convenient. Finally, our food from room service was pretty good. I had tiny, but flavorful crab cakes and a green salad. Overall, it has been a mixed experience. The negatives could easily be remedied.
Edit: I am regretfully lowering this review from a 4 star to a 3. My experience has taken a turn to terrible. This is my 2nd morning of a week long stay. Emergency Alarms sounded last night at midnight instructing all guests to report to the lobby for instructions. The announcement stated to avoid the elevators. So the entire building climbs down many flights of stairs only to arrive in the lobby to an evasive and confused front desk staff. They literally hid from confused guests while talking on cellphones. I can only imagine they were trying to get information on how to respond to the alarms. After a while, people just started to disperse and go back to their rooms. No announcement. No apology. No explanation. Nothing was provided by staff. Then this morning, we had a 40 min wait to get our car out of valet. They had ONE driver parking and retrieving vehicles from an overly full lot and our car was blocked in by 3 other cars. I'm here on business and arrived to my training late and exhausted from the last 6 hours of activity at Le Pavillon.
Final edit and special mention: Wesley, one of the night shift desk clerks, offered particularly poor customer service. He was on duty most nights of our stay and was simply unresponsive to any request made. Even a request as simple as additional shower gel and a roll of tissue did not get addressed until Adam, a bell hop, answered the phone and got it to us.The hotel pictures look beautiful but the property is deceiving. Not well kept. The hotel staff lacked professionalism. We needed a band aid, which their first aid kit did not have. The receptionist blamed it on the manager. How hard is it to go and buy a band aid to fill a first aid kit. There are federal regulations mandating what hotels need to keep in first aid kits and they violated it.
The house keeping staff was disappointing as well. They did not clean the bathroom for 2 days, just hung towels. The bed sheets were not changed as well.
The hotel pool was more there more for aesthetic reasons. The pool was very small and very dirty. 
Over all, I would give Day's Inn a higher ranking than the Le Pavillion because at least they follow standards. I would never recommend anyone to go back here.This place sucks. We got a Hotwire deal on this place and I know you don't always get the best rooms but this place is so bad. Got in on Friday and the water was off in the hotel from 10-4. Thankfully I didn't need to shower before we headed out... Went up to the 9th floor to our room and it's like a construction/war zone. They were doing some
construction right across the hall and it was a mess. Got into our room and there was pee in the toilet and all over the floor. Because the water was off we couldn't flush it... Tried to turn the TV on and nope that doesn't work either. We immediately headed out and went on our way. The next morning we head out and come back to make a pit stop in our room and there's a can of opened Copenhagen sitting on the desk... Not my husbands. So that was super sketchy. The whole place is a dump. We got what we thought was a great deal on the place and it's disgusting.Stay was great. Everything was clean & nice. PBJ bar was a pleasant surprise. Only 3 stars for the lack of service:  Don't leave anything in your room. I left a thermos in my room when I stayed 5 weeks ago & have called every week since leaving messages for the evasive Lost & Found attendees. No reply whatsoever.
Update: You'll see below Peter from the hotel has left a comment. I emailed him directly on 12/18. It's 12/22...No reply.Stayed here over July 4th weekend and was extremely happy we did. The hotel is right in the business district and a 5 minute walk from the French Quarter. The lobby, dining room and lounge were all ridiculously beautiful, the staff was super helpful and friendly and the deluxe room we had was very comfortable (especially the bed). The only (very minor) complaint might be the bathroom sink which did not drain properly and the lack of decent water pressure in the shower. Though there also is free PB&J at 10 PM each night, we were so stuffed from all the food we had that we never bothered to check this out. The rooftop pool was also a nice touch especially as a break from the sweltering heat. Finally, the dining room was nice for breakfast though a bit pricey (as you can order a la carte, don't bother with the buffet especially on Sundays which is priced at $40 a person). Overall, this hotel was key after a full day touring and a full night's drinking. I would definitely stay here again.I've wanted to stay here for awhile and was just waiting for a trip to New Orleans to do so. when I saw this on groupon I thought I wish I was going to New Orleans to stay here...... the next day my mom called and wanted me to come visit so it must have been fate! I booked us a 3 night stay here before we'd out into the burbs where she lives..... I loved this hotel from our room to the pb&j sandwiches at night. to that yummy hot chocolate to the whole entire staff at the hotel. 
now rooms aren't brand new so if you want that you shouldn't go here.... I love older hotels just as much as I like brand new ones so I was happy. I also loved the area. I'm hoping next year they have the same groupon so I can book it and come back :) how can anyone resist groupon? if you see this place on groupon book it!!! and please do it again next year so I can come back :)We heard all of the ghost stories from the ( slightly inept , but sweet) bartender. 
Drinks were okay, nothing remarkable. Bartender was untrained. The late night peanut butter and jelly / milk bar is adorable . Everything was gorgeous, but no music. Service overall was -a struggle.Receptionist tells me my room is gone. Nm it is a multi day prepaid stay. When I ask what happened he tells me this is common practice - happens to at least a few guests every night. No thanks to this place.If I could give a negative 5-star review, I would. We booked multiple hotel rooms, received confirmation emails that they were booked and guaranteed two months prior to our stay, and when we got here, they told us we didn't have rooms for 3/4 of our stay. Instead, they accidentally made a duplicate reservation for the first night of the trip, giving us two rooms on one night rather than a multi-night stay. 
Normally when a hotel is oversold and makes a mistake, they immediately acknowledge the issue and put you in a nearby location. Instead, this hotel not only told us there was absolutely nothing they could do, "go find another's hotel," they ALSO charged us a cancellation fee for the duplicate hotel reservation night we NEVER MADE.
I will never stay here again, and will go on every message board this hotel is listed on to share how terrible the customer service has been. 
Do not stay here if you're from out of town and want one simple thing - a guaranteed place to stay during your vacation.Parking is $35! They didn't change the bed sheets after the previous person.  We were given double beds even though we booked a single King. No fridge or microwave. Overhead fan made grinding noises. The shower head and valve were not clean. Room service mandates an 18% gratuity fee + a $3 service fee. I was not impressed. For the price of parking and hotel, this place should be a last resort.Very few amenities. Thin walls. Old fashioned.
Good price for the area.
The service in the hotel is laughable. But hey. At least the place is relatively inexpensive.Absolutely the best experience we could've asked for.  My girlfriend and I just finished a four night stay here during our first trip to New Orleans.  The location is great as it is a short walk to the French Quarter, but you avoid all the noise of Bourbon St. when you want to sleep.  The hotel itself is beautiful and the lobby and hallways are ornately decorated.  The decor really captures the feeling of a historic elegant hotel.  Considering we got a great price on it, I was expecting something more along the lines of a Best Western but I couldn't have been more wrong - we were blown away by the elegance of the hotel and it looked like we should've been paying twice the price.
The service is really what sets this place apart though.  Everyone at the hotel will go above and beyond to make sure you have a wonderful stay.  Special thanks to David at the front desk who let us use the desk computer to print the Saints tickets we bought online at the last minute when the business center was full.  A lot of other hotels would've just told us to wait for the public ones, but he didn't hesitate in setting me up with the website I needed.  There is also a French guy behind the desk who was very friendly and took some pictures for us before we went out for Halloween.  Really all the staff there were very friendly and the doormen and maids were always smiling and offering warm greetings when we saw them in passing.  
The PB&J sandwiches at night were a cool addition too and made the entire hotel experience feel very personal and welcoming!The building is pretty. Beautiful antique furniture and light fixtures. Now on to the reality of the hotel. For the money you shell out you'd expect a free breakfast.....nope. Don't expect everything in your room to work. It wasn't just me other guests had similar problems. In my room the fan didn't work and had wires hanging out. The phone didn't work. The doorknob to the closet came off in my hand. I'll never stay there again. I was so excited to stay there having heard all the wonderful things about the hotel. I was greatly disappointed. Stay somewhere else.Stayed here for our 30th Wedding Anniversary. Shortly after check in a card and a bottle of champagne was delivered to our room compliments of the Hotel. Very nice but went downhill fast. There really is no evening room service just frozen pizza even though they say they have room service. The room is old and dated and very very dusty, carpet old and stained.
The A/C vent dripped all the time even to the point it splattered on me during the night, Had to put towels on floor and the drip sound all night was very annoying, shower had no water pressure and no towels, had to ask for some, no daily maid service you have to make them clean your room and leave clean towels.
The keys cards never worked and we had to keep going back downstairs to get them to open our doors. The last night the the front door man let us in and said he would return with more keys but he never did. We had no room keys to our room.  I called for coffee one morning and was told I was not a guest at the hotel. Had to actually argue with the rude person.
But the best came at the end when the maid we never saw walked into our room without knocking, never apologized. Apparently everyone but us had keys to our room.I work in a hotel, y'all, so when I go into a guest room, I've been trained to look at EVERYTHING with an explicitly observant eye. When I tell you that we walked into this room and everything was in it's proper place, spotlessly clean with its Le Pavilion monogram proudly displayed, I'm not lying. This hotel was gorgeous in every sense of the word - old school decor that doesn't look dingy or gaudy, it looks classy and luxurious. The bathroom was marble and gorgeous with upscale amenities organized on a nifty caddy above the toilet so as not to take up extra space. They also offer very fancy drawn bath services, for those who can afford the finer things and by extension make me green with envy of their $50 baths BUT I DIGRESS. The room itself was comfortable, and surprisingly spacious for just a standard double. There was a nice table and chairs in the corner by the window and a frig/microwave apart from the mini bar. We had plenty of space to move around and get ready between the beds and a desk with chair right by the door. The staff was also impressive especially the evening concierge, who gave us a tremendous suggestion for dinner (see review for Bon Ton Cafe) and the Front Desk Supervisor, Paula Carter, who treated us like part of the family.
I truly felt like a queen staying here and then, the clock struck 10:00pm and there were Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches. With COLD milk. FOR FREE. Can we say heaven?
If you are looking for a little luxury in your life with a side of PB&J and Downtown NOLA nightlife, Le Pavilion is your place.We stayed here two weeks ago for four nights.  We like this place. It was like staying in a big elegant classic mansion.  The front desk was very friendly. It's only four blocks away from bourbon street. 
I found this place on tripadvisor and got an incredible deal right after cyber Monday about $160 per night. It's usually over $200 easy
Our room was a double queen on the eighth floor.  We wish the shower was a little stronger but it did the trick and we loved the heater from the bathroom ceiling.  A nice touch since it was still cool in New Orleans in late Jan.  
We experienced the peanut butter and jam social at 10pm one night.  My favorite was the hot chocolate. Delicious. 
The rooftop pool was nice. Too bad it was too cold to swim.  The hot tub was under maintenance unfortunately. 
All in all a wonderful stay.  We will definitely stay here again.I love beautiful, historic grandiose hotels with ambiance and that is exactly what you get with La Pavilion.  When you enter the magnificent lobby at Le Pavilion it feels like stepping back in time and finding yourself transported back to a more elegant and refined era. 
From our arrival to departure our expectations were met in every way. The staff is a credit to this unique hotel. From the moment we arrived the staff was friendly, efficient, professional and very approachable.  Kudos to Aaron who was quick to unload our luggage the second we arrived and whisk it straight away to our room and then gave me a quick lay out of the room and amenities.
As this is an older historic property- the guest rooms and bathrooms seem to be the original layout - but with modern upgrades and are beautifully decorated in period design.  The bed and linens were exquisite and extremely comfortable.  It's the little things that count- The air-conditioning was superb!  (I like it cold) and the Wi-Fi was also quick to connect!  Our guestroom had a 10 plus foot coffered ceiling with a hand painted design and the guest rooms have an actual doorbell which was unexpected and whimsical. Our room was on the seventh floor and was very quiet and peaceful- even with the hotel being booked for a wedding and a wedding party that weekend.  
While there is no in room coffee service (This is a lux hotel- if you want a microwave and a bathroom coffee pot this isn't the place for you) there is coffee service in the wee morning hours (5 AM) set out in the lobby. 
In addition they have a lovely tradition of serving a peanut  butter and jelly sandwich buffet  with hot chocolate every evening at 10 PM.  
 Breakfast in the Crystal Room was a delightful experience. The setting is beautiful, and the wait staff was exceptional.  Mr. Frank and Mr. Dallas were efficient and friendly who provided outstanding service.  The concierge (his name escapes me) that was on duty in the evening was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and charming. I would recommend La Pavilion without reservation and plan on making a return visit very soon.