Great Vegetarian Choices, Addictively Delicious Hummus
Great Middle Eastern gem on Carrollton. Loved the large plates. We had a vegetarian plate brimming with hummus, baba ganuj, falafel and tabouleh and a kibby plate that came with salad and hummus. The hummus is so fresh and delicious. Only letdown was that the pita bread did not seem fresh. Would definitely go back to try something else on their very extensive Middle Eastern menu.Lebanon's is one of my favorite spots in the Uptown area of New Orleans.  Good prices and delicious food.  For a drink I highly suggest their lebanese tea that has pine nuts in it.  As far as the food goes, you really can't go wrong but I often go for the chicken shawarma with extra hummus!I usually come in here for takeout. The atmosphere is nice, and the wait staff are professional. The service is speedy and accurate. Good eat!We could not say enough about Lebanon's Cafe!  Absolutely loved this place!  We visited it once on the first day of our trip to NOLA and again on the last day.  If there weren't so many awesome places to eat in town we would have visited more often.
We arrived in town late on Friday night and were starving so decided to take the streetcar down the line to see what was good.  Lebanon's Cafe seemed to be the most lively so we stopped in.  Omg, it was like a whole other world in there!  Very vibrant, young crowd drinking wine and laughing.  It was so warm and friendly.  They were short staffed and bumpin' busy, but we didn't mind.
Both times we rocked the bathenjan dip (which I am totally going to recreate at home... that is a sexy starter), then also ordered a spinach pie (on special), fattoush, eggplant sandwich, sautéed vegetable plate and chicken tecka.  Honestly, everything was a home run for us.  The flavours, portion sizes, the time it took to receive food at the table, the freshness, everything was spot on!This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans/most places. The food is always delicious no matter what you get. The hummus is amazing. The chicken shwarma is fantastic. I mean, everything wins right down to the Jordan almond at the end of the meal. It's BYOB, there is great outdoor seating, and the prices are great. I've been here a million times and its always the best! I'm actually mad I'm not there right now.It's simple, delicious , and FRESH...(the most important to me). It seems authentic to me...though I have never been to the Middle East :)Have never gotten a bad meal here in 15 or so years. Always fresh, flavor is consistent, and waitstaff is attentive.I ate at Cleopatra's last night and though the lamb kabob was delicious, the baba ganouj left me wanting better. Lebanon did NOT disappoint. The traditional tea was delicious - a little sweet - but the rose water was over the top! We will be back. :)Eat here almost any time I'm in this side of town.  Hummus is mild, creamy, and delicious.  My "no spicy food" kid would lick the plate if I let her.  Shrimp salad, schwarma sandwiches, and yogurt&cucumber salad are my favorites.  The ice tea with pine nuts is realllly good.If i could eat here for breakfast lunch and dinner i would.  Best hummus best falafle best lentle soup you will ever have. Highly recommended.Lebanon's Cafe was my choice for dinner a few nights ago and to say the least, I left a very full, very satisfied customer. For appetizers we ordered a couple spinach Filos (which was a first for me) and they were incredible. Without question, once I spotted the lamb chops on the menu I knew that was what I was going to order for my entree. The lamb came medium rare on a bed of green beans and tomatoes and it did not disappoint. One great thing about this place is the amount of food you get. Accompanying the lamb was hummus and a salad that tasted very fresh. Lebanon's has a great, friendly, laid back atmosphere and has the taste of a fine dining restaurant. Don't forget to try their Lebanese tea!Lebanon's is in an area with various types of restaurants surrounding it, so it has to be good if people are choosing it over their other options. 
On a Friday night it will be busy, and therefore, a little on the loud side.
We visited Lebanon's last night with a group of seventeen people. I don't think they are used to big groups, as the cleared off tables you could tell the waitress was flustered. Groups of more than four cannot sit outside because the tables are bolted to the sidewalk and it would confuse their wait staff system. So, all seventeen of us went inside. The waitress first showed us to a table meant for far fewer people and then walked away. So we had to awkwardly had to wait until she returned to ask if we could move other tables and chairs to ours. Definitely losing stars there. 
But, finally, we were all seated together and ready to open our wines. The waiters don't bring waters unless you ask so be sure to ask. It is a BYOB place so we all got to opening the wine bottles. The waitress came back and seemed annoyed to have to ask us for our orders. She actually missed one person's order completely and he had to chase her down.
The menu is typical Mediterranean/Lebanese food. I expected more vegetarian options, but I was happy with the few they had. Most people ordered plates of chicken, beef, or lamb (or all three!) with hummus and a little side salad. I was tempted by the eggplant sandwich but ended up with the falafel sandwich. The eggplant (which a friend ordered) came on po'boy bread and was very tasty. The falafel came on traditional lavash. The taste of the falafel was great- soft and spiced inside, crisp outside. But the wrap only had some lettuce and a bit of hummus inside. I was missing the tomatoes and onions. Oh well, I would definitely go back for the falafel. I've also gotta say the falafel was the best priced dinner item. Meat options and even the eggplant was around $7, but the falafel sandwich was $4.50.   
We continued to open wines and then, because it was a friend's birthday, we asked for a candle and lighter to stick in the brownies I had brought. The waitress was okay with us bringing our own dessert and brought out the candle/lighter discretely- making up for the awkwardness earlier. 
Overall, a cheap, easy, familiar Lebanese restaurant. I really enjoyed my falafel, but my Lebanese friend's family makes the food a little tastier than what I had here.Decent food. Big portions and good prices. I got the chicken shawarma that came with hummus, pita bread and a Greek salad. Everything was seasoned decently. Nothing to absolutely rave about but I'd come back.This was my first experience with Lebanese food and I thought it was fantastic. We went with friends who eat there regularly and everything we ate was great. We ended up going back again over the weekend. Love the byob and no corking fee.Lebanon's is as good as Mona's and a far superior choice over its cousin Babylon Cafe a few blocks away on Maple.  The eggplant sandwiches are superb, and the hummus and falaffel are better than Mona's.  The tahini here is the best i've ever had.Love the beef schwarma and falafel!  The hummus is perfect with just a touch of acidity.  There is never a wait for a table.  Hubby always gets the Lebanese tea.  It is so fragrant and refreshing. 
The only thing that gets me is that they could stand to dust and clean the window ledges of dead insects.  I just try to turn a blind eye since the food is so delicious.I go here about once every two weeks and love it. Great food, good service and pretty cheap. It's also really fun to bring a big group and it is BYOB. The musaha appetizer is delicious!Best felafel in town. Best hummus in town. Great service, easy atmosphere. Walking distance from my house but I'd drive across town to eat here. Lots of veggie options. Very authentic. We took a friend from Jordan here and he even said it was very good. The soup is simple and filling. The hummus is not oily, dry or watery.. It's really just creamy and perfect. I adore this place. However I do wish the tea wasn't quite as syrupy sweet... So I just water it down. Love this place. Great spot in the neighborhood. Way better than Monas!This was part of a three-part weekend adventure into NOLA's Middle Eastern offerings, and was by far the best of the three places we tried. Lebanon's was the most flavorful, most authentic, and the best option for the price and quality of food. 
As a native Middle Easterner, I'm always looking for flavorful meat and homemade hummus, and I got both here at Lebanon's. Two of us shared the zatar bread, halloumi cheese, and the combination platter, which came with chicken, beef and lamb, plus a small side salad and hummus. If there are two of you and you're not incredible hungry, sharing food is the way to go. We saw a number of people taking their food with them when they went - a good sign!
The hummus was wonderfully lemony, and had a slight kick to it. The portions of the mean were excellent, and I definitely appreciated that the spices on each meat were different - this was not just thrown together. Everything was fresh and the service was lovely. Of the three places that we tried this weekend, this was by far the best option, and I would absolutely bring my Middle Eastern family here if they visited. A great place for lunch or dinner!This is a great place for your first foray into Middle Eastern cuisine! I was absolutely craving kebabs and hummus this weekend, so I went on a binge throughout NOLa and hit up Tal's Hummus, Lebanon's Cafe, and Mona's Cafe. Lebanon's Cafe would be my first recommendation if anyone asked. The restaurant has a nice vibe, the service was great, and the food made me feel like I was back in the Middle East. 
We started our meal with zatar and halloumi. The halloumi (a fried cheese) was good, but the zatar was spot on perfection. Zatar is a blend of seasonings (generally thyme, sesame, sumac) that is put over bread. Mona's serves theirs with yogurt and it very good. If you are a fan of zatar, I'd recommend.
For our main course we got the combination kebab platter. The hummus was easily the star of it. Its been the best hummus I've had in the city. More lemony than the hummus I'm used to, but it worked and was excellent. The meats themselves were all solid - nicely flavored and not overcooked in any way. If you are looking to try a little bit of everything, the combination platter is what you are looking for.  Overall, a great casual spot for authentic food that won't burn a hole in your wallet.First time here and it was pretty dang good! Parking was pretty rough, we had to park a block or so away but it was no big deal. The weather was fantastic tonight! My friends and I walked in and the place was packed, both inside and outside. The sign signaled for us to seat ourselves at any clean table. We sat and a server came within 5 minutes or so to take our drink orders. My 2 friends tried the Lebanese tea, which I did not like as it tasted like rose. It's made with sweet tea and rose infused water. I didn't have a taste for the rose water. We decided to start off with some apps; tabouleh, falafel, and spinach and artichoke dip. The spinach and artichoke dip was AMAZING. It was so flavorful and plain cheesy goodness. It was served with pita bread triangles. I'd recommend it. The falafel was good, sauce was on point but the falafel itself was a bit too salty for me. I still enjoyed it either way. I didn't care for the tabouleh. I've had it at other places but I couldn't tell why I didn't like this one. The texture was different for me and it was a bit sour, as I'm sure it's supposed to be. I would pass on this. For entrees we each ordered a plate that had your choices of meat and it came with a side of hummus and salad. You could substitute for rice if you wanted to, which I did and I do not regret. I had the beef shish kabob, my friends ordered the chicken shawarma/gyro combo and shish kabob combination. I refused to try any lamb so I would not be able to tell you how that tasted. My friends said it was tender and juicy otherwise. The beef I had was cooked nicely, not tough and had a nice flavor. It wasn't dry at all. The chicken was a little dry, but I can't complain. It was still good. Hummus was on point, but I wasn't feeling it so my friend finished mine. The rice was good enough for me, as well as the beef kabob. The portion was pretty large, so that's a plus. I'd come here again for sure, as it was my first time, it won't be my last.I had take out. My friend had the chicken shawarma and I had the chicken teka. Everything was delicious. The servings are huge. Neither one of us ate half of our meals. The only thing I can say is that the falafel was a bit over fried to make it my favorite but still very deliciousThis is my favorite place for Mediterranean, I just like the way it's done here. The facilities could be better which would make it five star, seating is a little crowded in an old building and the curbside seating is not very comfortable either...
But the food quality is there.I really like Lebanon.  One thing that I can definitely say is it's consistent.  That's important to me.  It may not be the very best Mediterranean in the city, but I know it's always going to be good.
Atmosphere:  A
Plenty of nice outdoor seating under a canopy.
Service: A
I've always had good, efficient service.
Food:   B
As I've said, the food doesn't blow me away, but it's consistently good.
Value:  A+
The prices are very reasonable.  The best value is a schwarma sandwich for $6.99.
NOTE:  BYOB with nor corkage fee make this an excellent, and reasonably date night.I've eaten at Lebanon's about a dozen times since moving to New Orleans in August! It's very close to my house and I really have never been disappointed. In the summer they blast the AC though so I would definitely suggest sitting outside. 
Everything I have eaten here has been delicious, but my go-to dish is the shrimp kebab. I tried the beef shawarma once but found the meat to be extremely chewy which did not sit well with me despite having great flavor. The hummus and tabouleh are also some of my favorite sides. And I do love that they allow for BYOB and do not charge a corkage fee! Since writing this review I have tried the beef shawarma 3 more times and the meat has been PERFECT! It must have been an off night the first time. 
Sometimes when they are busy the service can be lacking...it seems that the servers work as a group and sometimes can forget about a table or two but overall Lebanon's is definitely one of my favorite spots, and I love that it is very veg friendly!!!Very very good restaurant. My best was the Kebba and the way the cook the lamb kebabs... Excellent authentic food ..Do not miss it!Beyond amazing food this is the best food in New Orleans.  We were so glad that we saw this place while on the trolley.   The fried cauliflower on hummus with pomegranate sauce was our favorite. Service was also excellent.Really great flavors and atmosphere. Must try the Lebanese tea to drink and the gyro. Meat is very tender and I've never had a gyro with both hummus and tatziki sauce on it. Not from New Orleans but next time I visit my brother, I will definitely be returning to try more items.This place makes me the happy. Their food is delicious, the prices are decent, and you get a very, very full plate. Which leads to a very, very happy tummy. And leftovers. Which means future happiness. How can you go wrong???? This place is vegetarian-friendly, and their lebanese iced tea that actually has rose water in it. .... SO. GOOOOD.Lebanon's got value going for them, that's for sure.  For $12-$14, you can get a large chicken, beef or lamb plate, with a big size of hummus, pita and a side salad.  Not what I am used to coming from NYC...
Not only are the portions huge, but the food is very good.  Sometimes, the chicken is slightly dry, but overall the food is fresh and tasty.  Some of my favorites include the Chicken Kabob and Chicken Tecka.There are some restaurants that you go back to and you remember the food being a lot better before. Then there's restaurants like Lebanon's Cafe, in which the next visit not only doesn't disappoint your hopes, but it actually gets better and better.
My most recent visit was for my boyfriend's birthday. Last minute planning on my part (I'm a horrible gf, I know) and I couldn't find a reservation for a party 7 anywhere. So we just picked where we wanted to go, reservations or not, and decided on Lebanon's. (My boyfriend had a serious hang over the entire day and wanted something refreshing!). 
When we got there, on a Saturday night, the place was definitely busy but the line was moving. We didn't have to wait very long, but the hostess kept checking on us, assuring us not much longer. 
This place is great for groups!! They accommodated us very well and we all LOVED our dinner plates. Their dinner plates come with a meat entree, a salad, hummus, and pita bread-- all incredibly tasty. Worth every penny and you'll lick the plate clean for all its hummus. No joke.
It has a very lively environment, where everyone is just enjoying their food and their group's company. I'm glad it's big because from the looks of it they hosts large groups often. The waitress was very nice and refilled our water (which I appreciate so much!) a bunch of times. She accepted 6 different credit cards to split the check with no problem! 
I did drop the ball (again!) by forgetting it is BYOB, but thankfully one of our friends brought a pack and another one went to the store close by.  
All in all, we all had a wonderful time and everyone was happy that we decided on Lebanon's. Definitely on everyone's lists of favorites! Yay for my redemption and I may not be such a horrible gf after all!I ordered the chicken schwarma plate, the food was hot but the hummus was a little tangy, i have been to other places and tested hummus but was not ever familiar with it tasting tangy. Over all the food was OK. One thing that was really a disappointment was that the nan that they served was NOT home made, so lacked character. I also ordered the Lebanese tea and was good, tasted like Lipton instant tea with rosewater.Recently, I decided to stop going to Mona's because I feel the quality of the food is declining.  I made the trek over to Lebanon on Sunday and it was very busy.  The service was understandably slow, but the food was excellent.  Flavorful, fresh, and reasonably priced. This is my new "go to" for Middle Eastern.  The "chef's special" appetizer has all the usual suspects, and they are all really good.  I think their lebna and their tabbouleh is the best I have ever had.I love Lebanon's. I have definitely been converted from a Mona's regular to a Lebanon's regular.  
The reason:  the dolmades.  As far as I'm concerned they might as well be spiking the tzatziki with crack, the dolmades are THAT good.  Maybe the best I've had. 
Everything I've had on the menu is great.  My usual is a gyro. I'm always embarrassed to order it because I pronounce gyro the way they do in the west which is definitely not normal here.  But hey, I stick to my guns....I'm willing to suffer for my deliciousness.
Service can be a bit slow, but that's how people roll in this city, no big deal.
tip: byobWent to Lebanon's again a few nights ago. Very good as I remembered. Salad was particularly good with a very light lemon and olive oil dressing. Tasty.I wish I could give this place 10 stars. I'm not even joking.
I don't even live in New Orleans. I was just visiting NOLA for a job interview. I was literally here for less than 24 hours and I came here twice because the food is simply outstanding.
I got a beef kebob sandwich on my first visit. Words can't really describe how good the sandwich was. The taziki sauce here actually tastes like sesame. The meat tasted amazing. Falafel and hummus were also to die for. 
I consider myself pretty well traveled.  I've lived in ethnically diverse cities like Houston, NYC, and Atlanta. I've also eaten places like le atelier de joel robuchon.  I know what good food tastes like. I thought I've had really good middle eastern food before until I tried this place. Total game changer. I've seriously never had middle eastern food this good. 
A restaurant like this makes tomorrow worth living. I'm hoping to re-visit this place in the near future.FOOD? 
The menu offers a wide selection of options, so depending on what you're in the mood for, you have some pretty good choices to pick from.
QUALITY?
This was our 3rd visit here and all 3 times the food arrived somewhat slow. Not sure why, because the people at the table next to us came in 15 minutes after us and ordered almost the exactly the same thing, and yet received their food almost 10 minutes ahead of us. WTF? o_O
TASTE? 
I've had better Hummus at a number of other places. It was just too watery and runny. Hummus should never be watery and runny. The Falafel was good, the Baba Ghannoush was a bit bland, and the Lamb Shawarma was very dry and overcooked this time around.
LOCATION?
It's easy to find and spot while driving down S Carrollton Ave.
PARKING?
On street only. No parking lot. You can usually find a parking spot on the street surrounding it with no problems though.
SERVICE?
This is a toss-up. While the Hot Russian waitress was, well... HOT, she was somewhat inattentive this time around (but flirted nonstop on our 2nd visit). On more than one occassion during our 3rd visit, I had to get up and go look for her when we needed drink refills, napkins, etc. I found her playing with her iPhone each time. It got to the point where I decided to just refill my own damn drink and not even bother asking anyone else for help. The staff looked at me funny, but didn't say a word to me as I refilled our drinks twice.
CLEANLINESS? 
This is iffy. Sometimes it's really clean, and sometimes you have to wait for 10 minutes while the wait-staff argues with each other and decide who is going to clean the tables, chairs, and floors. Very unprofessional.
SAFETY?
Pretty safe area. No problems in all our 3 visits here.
ATMOSPHERE?
Overall quite good. The BYOB thing was a bit different, but will save you money if you want to drink while dining here. I didn't know about the BYOB on our 1st and 2nd visit but found out about it on our 3rd.
PRICE?
Fairly decent prices. Nothing really over the top.
My biggest complaint here is the situation with substitutions. They simply don't want to do it, even when you're asking for something that is CHEAPER than the more expensive item that comes with it.
Someone also REALLY needs to explain to the owner and wait-staff that some people have food allergies and prefer to NOT subject themselves to allergic reactions, and when asking for substitutions, just do it to keep the customer happy and coming back.
Also, charging me an additional fee for my substitution WITHOUT informing me about it was pretty damn uncool. 
We still haven't decided if we're going to visit here again after this last fiasco...Nice Place, Mediocre Food
Out of curiosity, I went here after looking over the menu online and ordered Hummus with Lamb Meat seeing that a locale food critic recommended it. I'm not a big fan of lamb, but have had lamb chops which I like, so I ordered this dish which consists of Lamb seasoned with chef style spices then sautéed with onions & tomatoes, served on a generous bed of hummus.  The humus lacked that thick pasty consistency and the rest of the dish was just mediocre. The cabbage beef rolls appetizer was very tasty, however. The only other issue I had was the parking which is on the street in a residential area which may result in a long walk to the restaurant or risk getting a parking fine. There's seating outside as well in the scenic area of S. Carrolton Avenue with many old oak trees and the familiar streetcars of New Orleans.This place is delicious. I didn't know what to expect since I never had Lebanese food before. I started off simple with the chicken kabobs plate. It came with salad, pita bread, and chicken with vegetables. I also had the Lebanese rose water. Amazing! Food came out fast and the service was pretty good. Would recommend!The best hummus and middle eastern food in NOLA by far. The chicken is amazing. Hummus is best I've ever had.I always leave this place feeling satisfied and full. Really, it's one of those places that I'll miss if I ever leave this city. 
For starters, I always get the musaka and spinach filo. I used to get the samosas when they had it as one of the specials, and the sauce for that was sublime. On my most recent visit, the server let us know that the musaka is now served at room temp, and offered to heat it up for us in case that was what we were used to, and I thought that was so generous! I can't be surprised if they used a microwave for that, but it was still delicious and I didn't mind. (On a side note, she probably got a few complaints with the way it now comes so she was saving her own behind, but she handled it perfectly by warning us for our future visits.) So when we get this app, they bring the pita with it as well and together they are phenomenal. The filo always comes out crispy and is served with lebna, amounting to a favorable savory, tasty texture. 
As my for my entree, I always get the beef shwarma and sometimes I'd add a side of basmati rice if I'm really hungry. All of this with a lentil soup is enough for my husband and I to share. What a deal! The soup stays hot throughout the meal because of the cutesy yet practical vessel it's served in, and I mix in some chili paste to give it a spicy pizzazz. 
Remember to down your meal with that famous Lebanese tea with the little pine nuts floating on top. It's so refreshing and makes for a good palate cleanser. My dumbotron sister said it tastes like potpourri but what does she know. Like, how do you know what potpourri even tastes like? 
Anyway, I've tried multiple Mediterranean spots around town and I must say that this tops all of them for me, and is one of my favorite places to eat with dishes that I get a hankering for every now and again. If only it were closer to my home I'd eat here more often. But if I were in the neighborhood, it's definitely one of my top picks to dine in at. 
Also, it's byob so it plainly works for a casual date night. Parking is kind of hard to find but the streetcar stop is right there for people coming on foot. Try to get a window seat if you like people watching and if you have a dog, there's a nice patio out front. This place is always bustling and the food here demonstrates why. Service is always efficient and our servers are usually sweet. Have I ranted enough good things about this place? You need to check this place out if you haven't.Another happy face and all it took was to get the heck out of Vierre Carre away from the rip-the-tourist-off mentality and into your trusty neighborhood make it good or forget it local eatery. Great kabobs, hummus good a bit salty, noisy atmosphere. service prompt friendly and attentive. Good Job Lebanons!The kabobs are great, as are everything else I've tried. I also really dig their Lebanese tea. Good service and value as well.I love this restaurant do much! I always get the chicken swarma and hummus. The Lebanese tea is sooo good! I would go just for the tea any day!!My first visit with a group of friends and we all really liked everything at the table, and we sampled quite a variety.  The service was good, prices fair, and atmosphere pleasant.  I will definitely return!We loved the food here so much, we came for lunch two days in a row. And that's a lot to say for New Orleans, where there is good food on every corner. 
We tried the vegetarian lentil soup, which was very good and tasted like split pea. The group absolutely loved the 6 cheese artichoke appetizer and the halloumi appetizer. The falafel platter (vegan) and the vegetarian entree (vegetarian) were both delicious. The meat eaters in the group were happy with the shwarma entrees, although the gyro was a little light on the meat. Trying the hummus is a must--it's so fresh and you taste the lemony accents. It's hands down the best fresh hummus I've ever tried. 
I definitely recommend this place, especially when in NOLA with a mix of vegans and meat-lovers.I rarely write reviews especially bad ones but I have to put this out there - the service here has gone downhill for me. The food is still delish and they've stepped up their game with their specials. But! The last time I went there the waitress dropped off the food and literally did not come back to our table for another hour. Btw it wasn't busy and we were her only table. We also had a lot of food we wanted to order for to-go and because she forgot about us we had to wait even longer. If we had called in on the phone instead of sitting there waiting for her, we could've gotten our food faster  but yeah lately the service has been bad for me and they really need to retrain this one waitress in particular.This was my first experience with Lebanese food and it was delicious. Their homemade hummus was very good. And the waitress was very gracious despite the fact that my daughter had a total meltdown in the middle of dinner.My husband and I tried this place for the first time today and it was AMAZING! We absolutely loved it! We had the mini pizzas for an appetizer. I had the chicken kabob plate and my husband had the beef shawermma plate. Both were really good. The plates are a nice size, and come with hummus which was delicious, and salad. The service is great, and the decor is very nice. It was a nice relaxing atmosphere, and we really enjoyed it. We will definitely be back!Falafel is really good, not too bitter, and the Lebanese iced tea is a real winner. Who knew pine nuts in a drink would be so fun. It's like bobbing for tiny, expensive apples. The hummus was very nice, creamy and not overly garlicky. 
The service is a bit slow, so don't eat here if you're in a rush. Also, I haven't eaten here when the universities are in session, so not sure how crowded it gets most of the year. But beware because it is in that Carrollton corridor, so it could get cramped.Take me back to Beit Sahour and Bethlehem in the Westbank! These folks make home made pita bread. The flavors are wonderful.  I will be back.One of my favorite cuisines at its best.  Lebanon's came recommended after a tough day of house hunting.  Right on Carrollton, it's an ideal location for a Saturday afternoon meal on Lebanon's sidewalk dining.  I had the chicken kabob sandwich and hubby had the gyro sandwich, we shared a huge Greek salad.
Classic, simple, fresh, satisfying, tasty Mediterranean food.  The Greek dressing was mostly a red wine vinegar and it was so delicious, perfectly dressed and not a bit overwhelming.  
My chicken kabob sandwich was the kabomb!  Probably one of the best flavored poultry dishes I've ever had.  The grilled onions, herbs and seasoning were right on.  Of course, I let hubby taste my kabob and he said he liked it better than his gyro (never a fan of gyros, but it was well seasoned and had a great flavor).  
Lebanon's is a keeper and will be my go to for Mediterranean.Best Mediterranean food in NOLA. This is our go to lunch spot.
My wife isn't an adventurous eater but ever since I brought her here she can't wait to get back and usually suggest it.Food was delicious, a reasonable price for the amount of food they sell. Service could've been better, but I would love to go back.Mediterranean in the city!  The eggplant sandwich is just absolutely delicious! My husband & I usually get that as well as the Chef special & it's more than enough food. The gyros here are also really good! You can't go wrong with anything you get here.Great food!!! I'm a regular customer and dine here quite often. It's always my first choice when I am in the area. 
Beef shawarma and chicken kabob are my favorite dishes.I moved to NOLA from NYC, and one of the (few!) things I miss about New York is the numerous fantastic middle eastern joints in my old 'hood. 
But hallelujah, theres LEBANON, satisfying my cravings for hummus, shwarma, and falafel and serving up food that is tasty as hell. 
This is one of my favorite neighborhood spots for a cheap, flavorful and easy meal. I like that the food comes out pretty quickly, theres almost never a wait for a table and they're open on Sunday nights. Some nights, you just want a delish dinner without any fuss, and Lebanon is my go-to. I tend to come here after jazz fest, when all the other restaurants in the city are packed. 
BYOB without a corkage fee is great! But I love the Lebanese iced tea so much that I usually skip the booze and order a tea instead.Can't beat this place for quality of food and the cost!  I've visited nearly every major city in the United States and have yet to find another "Mediterranean" style restaurant that comes close to Lebanon's.  The waitstaff here seems to cycle through quickly but I've always received prompt quick service each and I ever time I visit.  They don't serve alcohol but you can bring your own beer or wine.Awesome food. Every time!  Their chicken kabob is marinated awesomely and so very moist.  The pita is warm and the hummus amazing. Quick service, great food. Best Mediterranean food in NOLA.I've been going to Lebanon's for over a decade. I LOVE the fact that I always know what I'm getting there. Their menu is consistent, authentic, and original. Must haves are: the Lebanese Iced Tea, Musaha, Lamb, & chicken dishes. Wish they played good Lebanese music there. That's my only complaint.Who knew New Orleans had GREAT lebanese/middle eastern food? Not me! This is a great place to sit and eat for brunch or lunch. It's a place I used to frequent often. Great hummus, try their special tea - it tastes like roses, lemon and honey. Difficult to describe, but it's delicious! I also love their Chicken Shawarma  as a salad or with pita bread and hummus. Great falafels and gyros, as well. You get very generous portions on their dinner menu, too. 
Wonderful waiters. There's no wow factor indoors, but it has a nice and cozy outdoor patio.I don't know if it's the nostalgia of the places I ate at in Greenwich Village thirty years ago, or the fact that I seem to gravitate to college haunts, but Lebanon's is a café I seek out whenever I visit  New Orleans.  
The food is good -- a 3.75, rounded up to 4 -- prices are fair, and the place is  hoppin' with Tulane students.  T. and I both ordered versions of the gyro; me the salad, he the platter.  A suggestion to the chef:  jazz up the salad: some olives, pepperoncini, dolmades and an anchovy or two would be great.  We shared an order of samosas, which had a different bent than Indian samosas-- but very tasty.
I notice that some reviews comment about slow service, but we haven't experienced that at all.  Our waitress, a student from Loyola, was great.  Plus -- to be fair --  it appears that most of the people there are hanging out with friends, and making an evening of it.
If you favor middle eastern cafes, you might like Lebanon's.This place is a favorite for our family. The service is good. Food is consistently delicious over the many years we have eaten here. Lebanons has the best falafels in town. 
We prefer the outside tables. Inside gets a little noisy.I've had their falafel several times now and it's always very dense (as opposed to Mona's, which is much lighter)... Others seem to love their falafel, so my question to Middle Eastern food enthusiasts: Is dense falafel a desired trait? 
On the flip side, while I'm in comparison mode: It's pricier, but Lebanon uses a better grade of beef for their schwarma than Mona's. It's delicious, always.I have an interesting relationship with Lebanon's.  When the food is good, it is great.  The Lula kabob is a crowd favorite and for good reason, though the portion size and level of doneness on the lamb seem to vary according to the phases of the moon or some other arcane schedule I haven't yet figured out.  The sauteed veggie plate is simply brilliant - a clay plate of seasoned rice covered in veggies which are in turn covered in several types of cheese, the whole of which is then baked and served hot enough to burn the daylights out of anyone unwittingly grabbing the plate.  One of the best dishes I have had anywhere - delicious, simple, consistent, rich.  The rest of the food is straightforward Middle Eastern - they don't make their pita in house, and the staples like hummus and baba ghanoush are solid but not exciting.  "Best Middle Eastern food in New Orleans" is a pretty fair review from anyone who hasn't been to the Courtyard Grill, though I would point out that this city is far from being a mecca (no pun intended) of great restaurants in that category.
Lebanon's biggest flaw is easily the service.  Sometimes you get an attentive waitress (not to sound sexist, I have just never seen a male member of the waitstaff there) and all is well - sometimes you sit outside on the patio for twenty minutes before leaving in disgust, having watched a server languidly stroll by your table one too many times while you wait for your water and the privilege of placing your order - a situation which has played itself out exactly that way, without exaggeration, the last two times I tried to have lunch there.  I don't know, maybe it's me - maybe I seemed so engrossed in my Kindle that they were hesitant to break my concentration, despite my flagging down servers and being told it would be just a moment for the right person (based on the restaurant's system of servers apparently alternating tables as people arrive, rather than being responsible for an area) to come help me.  All I know is that I used to find myself at Lebanon's once a week, and at this point I am not sure if I will bother going back.  Mona's down the road isn't quite as exciting food-wise, but I have never had trouble getting someone to give me a menu.Simply put, some of the best Lebanese/ Middle Eastern food in the city. I've never left dissatisfied after having their consistently delicious falafels and absolutely mouth watering hummus with lamb meat entree.
Also, don't forget, this place is BYOB! Which in my opinion, is such a lovely find if you have been craving to pair that awesome bottle of wine lying around in your house with something but aren't in the mood for eating out of take out boxes. 
Can't wait to return! I'm already hungry just thinking about this place.Every time I'm back in NOLA I have to come here. The food is amazing and I think it's the best gyro outside of Greece. The portions are huge and the taste is better. 
Must visit if in New OrleansA decent Middle Eastern restaurant (I wouldn't say this is "Greek" food) with very flavorful dishes. 
Food: The food was very flavorful. We had the falafel app which was great, though fried really hard and drowned with spices. It still tasted fresh. The hummus was alright. I think that Lebanon's Cafe puts too much lemon -- but if the sour taste is good for you then definitely go here. The lamb dishes tasted like they were once frozen, but the chicken schwarma was really good.
Service: The service is sub-par and one of the reasons that this place is getting 4 stars. Our waitress brought us a diet coke instead of coke, forgot the straws the second time, and did not stop at our table again until we got our food and then the check. Service was also very slow.I've been here twice, it's a neighborhood restaurant within walking distance from my place and I'm lucky for that.  
The food is wonderful and staff is casual and friendly.  Bring your own wine bottle and share with friends.  Perfect atmosphere and outside dining along beautiful South Carrollton.The atmosphere... That, and the food, obviously, is why I come here.  They have 7 tables outside for street side dinning.  Listening to the streetcars rumble and clatter by, the runners going up and down St. Charles, and the quiet giggles and talking of the other patrons make the outside dinning so peaceful; almost meditative.    
Now: on to the food.  The baba ganuj, complete with warm fresh pita is a good start to any meal.  The lamb kabob is excellent.  You can taste the freshness of the meat and spices. They have a good basmati rice, and the Lebanese tea always hits the spot!  
The new menu prices are a bit steep for this type of fare, in my opinion.  The service here is abysmal at best! The waitstaff is lacking in the necessary attention to their tables that this city demands on a daily basis. This, and the higher prices, are the only cons against the restaurant that I can see.  Enjoy!Always good, this is one of my neighborhood go-to restaurants.  Their approach to gyro meat is uncharacteristically moist and flavorful; better than anything I've had in NYC.  Huge fan of the chicken tekka (ask for it moist).  Almost everything is homemade and tastes that way.  Beef and chicken shawarma are well spiced, but too dry.  Likewise the kabobs.  Unfortunately, the lamb isn't slow-cooked and, therefore, is tough.  Highly recommend the stuffed cabbage.I really don't understand why this place was so many positive reviews. Perhaps because there are not many good Mediterranean restaurants in NOLA?? I really disappointed with the hummus. That's such a simple dish but mine was drenched in lemon juice. I'm almost convinced it wasn't made from scratch. Also, the pita bread was store bought. Not authentic at all. The only reason I didn't give it two stars is because the beef shish kabob and lebanon ice tea was good.The owner is a huge jackass. First he wanted to charge my friends $2 for extra pine nuts in their Lebanese tea.
Then I tried to sub yogurt and cucumber salad for tabouleh on my vegetarian plate. The owner informed me that it would be $2 to sub despite the fact that the tabouleh and salad are listed at $3.99 on the menu and the fact that I am allergic to tomatoes. The menu also says nothing about an extra charge for substituions.
The owner chose to fight over this $2 and lost $75 in return since we walked out. Therefore, a restaurant I frequented in the past will now become one I never visit again. Terrible customer service.Excellent food all round, but if you like your meats on the rare side of medium well be sure to mention it. They had a period where the meats were all cooked to perfection, now they tend to the done side. The fattoush, hummus, and eggplant are excellent. Excellent sandwiches.This place really did not cut it for authentic Lebanese food. We visited around lunch time so they were pretty busy. It took close to half an hour to receive our food and the appetizer was still cold. Definitely would not recommend going there.Food was great! Had the combination plate with beef, lamb & chicken. Will be back soon. Sat outside & service was great.everything was fresh, tasty, perfectly seasoned. the chicken shawarma platter was PERFECT..beautiful greens, delicious hummus, and tender, juicy chicken. mmmm,  i want to go back again just thinking about it.This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in New Orleans. The hummus is perfection- creamy and a little tart. The sautéed vegetarian plate is a favorite. Lots of veggies, rice, and melted cheese oven baked. I used to always order the chicken shwarmara and as much as I love the flavor of the chicken it always has a lot of fat on it so I spend a lot of time cutting all of that off and then you end up with 1/2 the portion. So if I go the chicken route I'll get the kabob plate. I'm also obsessed with their basmati rice- it's very simple but so good!Holy Falafel Balls!!!! I write this review mere moments after the celestial deliciousness of my sandwich has been fully consumed...It's still churning happily in my stomach, the magic that ensued once the Shawarma Sandwich that I ordered hit my lips was too urgent for me to not instantly sign into yelp and share my news with the entire world. If the way this sandwich made me feel were a scene from a movie, I would say it would be a hybrid between the restaurant scene of "When Harry Met Sally" and the scene in "Titanic" when Leo Decaprio is mounting the front of the ship screaming "I'M KING OF THE WORLD!!!" 
The amounts of pleasure that I derived from this delectable creation sculpted by the hands of a god, or maybe some man named Abdullah, is nearly obscene. I fear as though maybe their secret ingredient could possibly be a few crushed up Ecstasy pills that they add into the marinade..My pupils might just be dilated as I type this and I have a relaxed, after-sex-coma glow about myself...FROM A SANDWICH. Lol...I need to lay in bed and have a cigarette- even though I don't smoke. It was that epic. 
So needless to say, this place is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED by me. That was hands down on my list of top 5 greatest, most successful, most satisfying life decisions that I have made in my quarter-century long quest of awesomeness. Please. Stop what you are doing at this very moment and rush to Lebanon's Cafe to shove something...ANYTHING..off of their menu down your throat...and if you don't know what to order..then order the Shawarma Sammich!!!! and if you find yourself saying "but I just ate..I'm full" Well...then my advice to you is to extend your index finger, insert it into your mouth, and barf up whatever disgrace of a meal you just indulged in so you can clear the way for one hell of a godly experience. LOL..
P.s please excuse any run-on sentences that this post may contain, i'm still high off Shawarma....Best falafels ever! Awesome, juicy chicken. In shock and awe! Definitely will return soon.