Great service! Sit at the grill and cook your own food, it's a great experience. The garlic pork belly was delicious and was enough to feed two people, plus there is unlimited refills on the sides.Great little place with great food and awesome service. They are opening up a Korean BBQ restaurant which is smart since this one is a little small and only offer portable grills. The appetizers  that come with the dinner are unlimited, just let them know which dish and they will bring more. The spicy pork is SUPER!! Large portion with rice! Oxtail stew was very good as well, quite spicy but you don't get as much meat on this one. Enjoyed our dinner there very much!Visiting New Orleans looking for great Korean bbq and fantastic service this is the place to go.  You won't leave hungry.  Lots of parking on the side street avoid right in front because then you have to pay.  Jessica was our server and she was personable and continued to go the extra mile to make sure our service was top notch.Me and my parents went to it we really enjoyed it. It was my mom and dad first Tim going there and we will go back againPretty good of each dish. One mature man seems handling all foods well. I will give them 5 stars next time if they will have Hite beer (they were out tonight),  Menu is very simple and price is reasonable. You should definitely try this out!Two Thumbs up!  moved to new location 2 month ago. same people.. excellent food.  only korean restaurant I visit whenever I come down to NOLASo good. Cravings satisfied. 
Get the spicy pork belly and spicy bulgogi. 
Super authentic.Took a friend here for their first time to try kbbq and I was somewhat impressed! After being spoiled by ayce and it being super cheap at that, I figured I had to lower my expectations as there's only two Korean spots in the NOLA area: little korea & korea house in Metairie. I opted for going here because I saw thin sliced brisket on the menu and that is my absolute favorite. Walking in, we were greeted fairly quickly and asked if we wanted a round table or to sit at a grill. We chose the grill, what we came for and immediately were given waters and menus. Our server (who's name I forgot) gave lit the grill and quickly bought out sides of cheese corn, garlic mushroom, and egg (these surround the grill) and those began to cook. Few minutes later we got sides of banchan (Korean side dishes) of kimchi, bean sprouts, black beans, etc. We chose two meats which is minimum for the grilling: garlic pork belly and thin sliced brisket. I found it odd that by the time we got our first cut of meat, pork belly, we were basically almost done the first round of corn, mushroom, and egg. The first refill is free and any thereafter is charged. Oh yeah, banchan is unlimited by the way. Well we got our pork belly and sides of rice (each meat comes with one bowl of rice for each guest) and began grilling. I expected maybe midway into the second half of our meal to get the brisket, but it didn't come until we were completely done with the belly. I was kind of annoyed by this as I wanted to get both meats at once, but I didn't care after since I was so hungry. We had a male server help us a lot, super helpful guy but ended up having to go out and run an errand im guessing. They check back ever so often, but I like that since we knew how to grill and whatnot. They are there to help you though if it's your first experience so don't be afraid to ask. Grill can get super smoky and hot, they have this cool vent you can move up and down to help reduce smoke, but you'll still leave smelling like grilled meat. Yes, the prices are a little expensive, but the meat was great and the portions were filling for two people which consisted of two orders of meat and all the fixings. My friend enjoyed it and so did I, so I will be back for more when the kbbq cravings kick in!This is my favorite Korean spot! The food and service is top notch. My favorite is the grilled meats and the bibimbap rice bowl is phenomenal! The atmosphere is relaxed and located right off magazine be sure to get a window seat to watch the happenings while enjoying this scrumptious meal!!!!!I am so glad I finally made it to this place, and I am definitely going back again soon! The service was great, and the food was awesome!I am a big fan of K-pop (especially bts) and Korean food, even visited Korea a few times.  The food here reminds me of food from Korea.  The interior is very classy compared to most of Korean restaurants and the vibe here is really nice. I had bibim neng myun and bulgogi and soju.  It was perfect.  I felt like oppan gangnam style. The service was good.  The hostess was very welcoming and the server was very attentive.  What I loved the most was the quality, quantity, the presentation were all great.  Good portions.  The best Korean restaurant in New Orleans area.Considering this was my first time trying Korean food, I'm happy to say that I left rather satisfied.  My friends and I came here for lunch and were so excited to finally try it out after hearing such great feedback from our other friends.
We ordered the Galbi Bi Bim Bap, which is a hot pot with rice, veggies, and an egg.  Galbi is actually short ribs.  The short ribs were so good, we wish there was more, but then we also ordered the Korean Grill, which you had to choose 2 of the 3 meats.  Since we already had the short ribs, we ordered the Pork Belly and Brisket.  It came with soup and 3 sides, which including Kim Chi.  Overall everything met my expectations, except the fact that nothing was spicy enough and I did wish for a teeny bit more flavor.  Honestly, I have nothing to compare it to, so as a first-time Korean food eater, I had a very pleasant experience.
The servers were very attentive and amicable.  They even cooked the meats on the grill for us and told us what sauces to use with what and how to correctly eat the dishes.
All in all, I will definitely be back!I've been for lunch can a few times and have always enjoyed it. Fresh and flavorful. I've had the spicy pork hot pot rice bowl and the lunch bento box specials. Fast and Friendly service.I used to eat at the old location and loved it. I was really excited to finally try out the Magazine spot. My best friend and I had never done the tabletop grill before, but our server was so helpful and friendly. We got the garlic pork belly and bulgogi. We loved them both. Very tender and flavorful. We also splurged and got a carafe of orange "sojutini". It did not disappoint. I'll definitely be back soon.Service was slow, bonchons were very limited. Food also took forever when there was only about two other tables in there. Haven't been back since.I have been here multiple times when it was at its old location. Between here and Korea House, I would definitely choose here. The barbecue is okay but what I truly love is their dolsot bibimbap. Their banchan is pretty good although basic. Nola has very few Korean restaurants and I would go here if I were craving any Korean.This place is very very good. Great service | Awesome concept | reasonably priced - I would recommend this place, but you have to do the barbeque table. All the little extras are great too!I wanted to give 3.5 stars. This is in a great location, and a break from the poboy spot on every corner.  Service was a bit slow and they brought the adult meals out before the kids meals. The kids meals should always come out first. The kimchi wasn't as flavorful as some I've had at other places. My son and I ordered bulgogi while my husband got the dumplings. The bulgogi had great flavor but was a little dry. The server never brought out my green tea, and a heavily advertised pineapple drink wasn't available.  I would go back, but hope the service would be faster and the pineapple drink would be available.I'll preface by admitting that I have quite a high standard for Korean cuisine. Born and raised in Korea and NY metro area respectively (lucky me) I've had to change palate as a recent New Orleans transplant. My ratings are based on this compromised purview.
My first visit was a disappointing one, my companions agreed with me, I mean, salty side dishes, biimbap without sesame oil...! What a travesty. 
 I returned a few months ago upon a classmate's invitation, with some reservations given my first experience here. Well, I ate the food, drank some yogurt soju, and discovered that the food had improved quite a bit since my last visit. Whether alkie had anything to do with it... The tofu stew and galbi were greasier but nonetheless comparable to the same dishes I had elsewhere on the flavor scale. I would go when a terrible craving for Korean food strikes, for sure, over the other restaurant in Metairie. A little more expensive then the price range I'm used to, but worth it.Recently was back in New Orleans visiting family, and tried out Little Korea.  I'm vegetarian, and there wasn't a ton of things to choose from, but the waitress was very friendly, and directed us in what would work for us.  I had a Bun Salad with Tofu.  It was OK, not great, I'm used to the tofu and noodles still being warm, and they weren't.  My husband got a rice dish, with egg, and something else (sorry I cannot remember the name). It was good, different, had a kick. However, I think my biggest complaint was the temperature in the restaurant. It was freezing!! It was maybe high 60's/low 70's outside, and it was sooo cold inside!  I actually saw some people opt to wait outside for their food because it was so chilly.  We asked the waitress about it and she said it was something with the building owner, and kind of made it seem like we were making a big deal, but really it was uncomfortably cold in there (and the food was a little slow).  I would go back again however, and give it another try. Food seemed reasonably priced.When my date and I walked in, we both were excited but a little confused about what to expect. Neither of us had tried any Korean BBQ before, let alone Little Korea BBQ. However, our server Michelle was great at guiding us through the menu and the experience. I am a vegetarian and thought I might have a difficult time eating, but I was so wrong. I had the kimchi fried rice and loved it!! And my date got steak to grill and finished every bite. We will be back, and plan to bring a crowd!Jeeee!!! This place is so ridiculous. i had to sign up an yelp account just to write a review about this place. First of all tables are dirty, waitress is very slow (terrible service) and the PRICE is ridiculous here. I've ordered Galbi at Little Korea which was $19.99 and only 6pcs came out haha. Plus I can definitely tell quality isn't that great either. Every foods on the menu they are over-priced like twice or even triple times than any other korean restaurants and yet quality is lower and portion is smaller. I just don't want other people to get wrong impressions about Korean foods :( . I know there are only 1-2 Korean restaurants in New Orleans but that doesn't mean they can charge how much ever they want?! ITS JUST SO WRONG!!! I honestly have no idea how they get businesses here. Please Please if it's your first time trying Korean foods I'd highly recommend try other place. they make me wanna open up a korean restaurant in New Orleans :'(   I will not go back to this placeWe have been wanting to come here for a VERY long time and I couldn't be more thrilled with the experience. It was our first time doing Korean BBQ and the bartender, Arthur, and our waiter, Thomas, were the perfect balance of letting us have some fun with it, but expertly making sure we didn't ruin the DELICIOUS food. Spicy bulgolgi is my new favorite food. We will be back!I went to couple different Korea restaurants in town and this is the best one by far. Definitely will coming back.A nice addition to Claiborne Ave. 
great effort at authentic Korean. Enjoyed the sides very much and my spicy fish soup.  Prices are reasonable and very friendly service.This is my first time I had Korean food in New Orleans. The food is great. Servers are friendly and nice. The restaurant is very clean. I'm sure I will come back soon!Don't be fooled by its old facade or judge it on its former Taco Bell glory. It's clean, cute and has a very friendly staff and quick service.
They have a reasonable $8.99 lunchbox special that lets you try a lil bit of everything. It was tasty, fresh and nicely presented. Would definitely go back there for another round of yummy bulgogi!This is the real deal. They bring a variety of starters that are delish including kimchi which I had not tried before. Everything was good. I got spring rolls thinking they were what I had in the past. Not so. They were huge and delicious. The spicy pork is spicy but not overly so. About 6 out of ten on the hot scale. The sizzling rice bowl was the best!I would have given 4 1/2 stars if halfs where allowed. 
Watermelon cocktail was super good...considered a second carafe. 
We had three meats and all were delicious. The spicy chicken was indeed spicy. Nice sides. The seafood pancake was nice but not exceptional. 
Our sever did a nice job. We wish we had more room on the table. A four top with much of the table space taken up by the grill was cramped. 
Fun, different, and tasteee!I have high expectations after living in Seoul Korea for 3years. The food was good I took my wife and two kids on a Saturday afternoon.  The waitress was excellent, but the sides were not unlimited.  I did not like the Korean Mule alcohol drink(very weak).  Overall I would come back but I love Kimchi and need unlimited and all the sides are extra so  I can not give this place a 5 star rating.This isn't the best Korean food in town. But its okay. Its still traditional with all the small little plates of veggies and pickled stuff. Service is good. But food wasn't all that..Little Korea is mediocre to my tasting. The food is overly salty and expensive and during a lunch rush, there was only one server (terrible service). 
To be fair though, the portions were more than enough and they gave you endless little appetizers. 
Would I go back again? Maybe...if I'm having a really undying craving for Korean food.Had the best time at this little place. Great feel, and super cozy. Let me start by saying I have never been to a restaurant and drank the water they bring to the table. For the sake of the tap, however the water did not taste like tap it was actually drinkable thumbs up for that. The price was modest for 2 people seemed like the average you spend when your eating out for 2. 
I had my home cooked, girl you did that spicy oxtail soup. Only I did not cook, Little Korea did. And to top off the soup from heaven. The service was great and everyone wanted to refill you're drinks, so your assigned waiter was well assisted also. LKBBQ is a great place to check out.Might just be the worst Korean place in town, but it's a really short list. Very few types of Kimchi and pickles, I got 4. Service was a mess, did not receive a refill on water, it took over a half hour after I finished my meal for my bill to arrive. Less than 25 guests in the building. They are amateurs.I love this place! Their marinated korean short ribs are amazing! I can honestly say I am addicted! The rice that comes with the entree is very unique, rich in flavor, and fluffy to its finest! Other than that, the spicy squid and pork and seafood pancakes are also highly recommended! Service is not the best, but very patient and friendly. The only downside is very limited, but this place still earn 5 stars for their amazing specialized food!Came here tonight and left immediately. My husband and I came inside the restaurant and stood at the counter waiting patiently. There was a hostess working on a tablet behind the counter. We didn't want to rush her. So we stood there waiting for her to finish what she was doing. Suddenly a rude customer came in, saw us standing in line, skipped us, and acted like nothing just happen. The hostess helped that rude customer and her party first and ignored our existent! When we confronted her, she said that she was overwhelmed and didn't see us coming in. That is the stupidest lie ever. There was no crowd at the door. No one was in line behind us or in front of us. We were the only one in line, at the entrance, one foot away from the counter. How can you not see us? If you would take your eyes off the tablet for one second, then maybe you will see us. After all that, she didn't do anything to resolve the problem and left us hanging there while she seated the party that skipped us FIRST. How unprofessional! We left and found out that there is a new korean restaurant that just open recently. That place turned out to be delicious. I am now obsessed with their kalbi and kimchi!How did I not know Korean food was this good before. I've had bits and pieces of Korean food, but never a whole meal. By far my favorite discovery was Bibimbap, a mixed rice dish served with vegetables, thin sliced meats and an egg on top. You just have to try it.  The restaurant use to be a Taco Bell, and it's not in a neighborhood I would expect to find authentic Korean cuisine.  For this reason I think a lot of people, including myself, avoided it.  I want to do my part to keep it there and busy.  GO! Have a great meal and tell your friends!We shied away from this place for awhile because the Yelp rating suggested it was mediocre. But it experience was anyone but mediocre. The staff was friendly and helped out some Korean BBQ newbs learn the ropes if the ordering system and the grill.
To top it off the food was exceptional. The baked corn cheese was fantastic, the bulgogi was amazing, and the dipping sauces tasty.
The only knocks might be the slow start to the service (the staff may have not expected a late lunch rush), and the chilly interior. But these were hardly considerations in the final analysis of our party. This was our favorite meal during our New Orleans trip.Read lots of great reviews. Went with a group of friends today. Inside was nice and staff was friendly. However one of my friends food was not made like he asked and came out cold. They did remake it and it came out hot but they made it wrong a second time. I had the tofu kimchi and within 30 minutes have got food poisoning/ very upset stomach and don't feel well at all. I would not come back.I eat ALOT of Korean food. For anyone who enjoys authentic Korean food, this is not the place for you. Everything is too sweet. The Korean wings were more like teriyaki wings. The spicy pork bulgolgi didn't even taste like a Korean marinade. It tasted like sugar and soy, aka teriyaki. Everything was doused in the same sauce. Even the fried fish cake had that sweet sauce on them. The food was inedible. I should've known as soon as I ordered the soju and they only had the shitty brand that this place was fake Korean food. The banchan was ok. The black beans, bean sprouts, chayote and steamed cabbage tasted fine. The kimchi was super super bland. If you are it blindfolded, you wouldn't know it was kimchi. If you're in New Orleans and you want Korean food, just stop. It's not worth the money.I am a very frequent customer of Little Korea even when it was over at ex-Taco bell place. I am a Korean and my bosses are Koreans so whenever we have some sort of gathering for dinner, Little Korea has been our go to place... until it moved to Magazine Street and changed their menu as well as their price line. Let me use a bullet point format for Pros and Cons of this Korean eatery.
1. One thing I must say I like about the new place is that the interior and facility is so much nicer. The new location being on Magazine street should be a plus for tourists or people who live around but for the locals who has to look for parkings... yeah... the previous location had its own parking spot. But regardless, it is a huge improvement for facility and yes! now they have indoor grill table with ceiling ventilation. They got a bar area as well as a shaved ice area at the back now. Overall, they put together to make customers love the ambiance.
2. Food. The quality was pretty consistent compared to the previous place. After all, it is managed by the same owner lady so I was not surprised of its consistency. I would not say that it is the most authentic Korean food but considering that it is New Orleans, It is not a bad bet. If you would like more authentic cuisine, I would suggest you to go to Korea House in Metairie.
3. Service. Thumbs up for them to hire so many servers now! The previous place had literally one girl who was serving all the table during the busy lunch hour but now, there are plenty of servers to make the hectic lunch somewhat more pleasant to the customers because it was a disaster before with one server. Every time i go visit their joint after the move, all the servers make sure we have the sides and water refilled all the time. Also, we go there so many times that the owner gave us free shaves ice so yay!
4. Price. This is the only reason why I would not go there to spend my own money. I understand that stepping up from the previous location surely costed the owner whole a lot but it is so sad to see how their appetizers are around 10$, soups are about 14$ and meat platter... that is just outrageous. The rice bowl, if you add protein on to it, it is good 20$ per person with the tax... For those of who out there that has not tried Korean food before, it is absolutely a restaurant to visit and try some new stuff out but the problem from my honest opinion is that... Korean dishes that they serve are considered Street food in Korea which mean it meant to target average public. The priceline should be about Pho from Vietnamese joint therefore (except bbq grill one).... the price for BBQ grill per person per order is beyond outrageous and with that money, you really are better off getting a steak from Ruth Chris. This is the reason why all my co-workers stopped their visit to this place after visiting the new place and always go to Korea House in Metairie now. 
5. Menu. They cut off so many cool menus they used to have such as cold noodles and black bean noodles. These all used to be less than 10$ and I think tons of customers would love to order that during lunch because it is affordable and delicious but yeah... They cut them all off...
So yeah, I do not go there anymore but congrats to the owner for stepping up from the previous location. But I would not spend my own money to go there...yumm!
Their Spicy ox-tail and short ribs were excellent!!
I would definitely be back!It's good. I enjoyed it. Too pricey and thats compared to korean restaurants of higher caliber in NYC. Ordered both watermelon and lemonade soju, both great (lemonade is better). The "grill seating" plates are deconstructed and you have to cook the meat yourself on the neat little built in grill thats on the table. "Table plates" are made for you and come with white rice, i recommend those. I cant tell you a specific plate because I forgot the names, soju is all i remember. Small, new, clean, friendly service, good food, street parking, soju.What an experience! My girlfriend & I's first time eating in an authentic Korean restaurant & being able to cook out own food at the table. Service was on point & our server was very knowledgeable of the menu. Everything was delicious & we practically ordered half of the menu. We started with some Emo's nachos which are a must! Followed by beef dumplings, kimchi rice, & BBQ wings. For our meats we had the garlic pork belly, bulgogi, & Korean marinated short ribs. I was not depressed at all. Matter in fact quite the opposite. The little sides they bring at the beginning of the meal were all wonderful as well. The kimchi & garlic beans were my favorite. I can not wait for my next visit here!Y-U-M-M-Y!!!!  Such a cute restaurant. Very clean. It's not the all you can eat kbbq we're used to in L.A but this was  great! I actually think we ordered way too much food. We had 2 orders of brisket, garlic pork belly and some soybean paste stew. I've never tried kbbq with cheese and corn, steamed egg and the mushrooms on side. That was great though I didn't really know how to incorporate that with the meat. Definitely worth a try!I am not a big fan of yelp because I just don't like people talking like they are KNOW-IT ALL.   So I don't bother to read or write on yelp.  However, I just really wish this place to do well so here is my first one.  The ambience is so classy and elegant.  I sat at the bar while I wait for my grill tables, the bartender was so nice and very knowledgable.  My server was very accomadating and answered all my questions.  
Here is the big part.  The food was AMAZING.  I ordered seared porkbelly and LA galbi for the grill and spicy ox tail stew.   The marination was on point and I could not help but just to eat more and more.  
I saw the young owner or manager walking around overseeing everything and that showed me that these people do care about their customers.  
Hope they succeed!!My boyfriend and I came by to the restaurant last night and saw that it was crazy packed! The restaurant staff worked hard and well despite being short staffed. Servers were running their tables while the bartender were helping the them bringing out the food. We noticed the hostess was also cleaning tables for the servers. My boyfriend and I will have to say that they are a hard working crew! Our server was wonderful! He told us that the restaurant changed the menu today and recommended new dishes for us to try. We definitely recommend the KFC wings! It's Korean Fried Chicken wings and they were DELICIOUS! Our entrees came out little late but we knew it was because the restaurant was packed with people. The food was still great regardless!! Overall, had a great time and dinner was amazing!! My boyfriend noticed that the hostess was in distress after a problem with a couple. He said that the couple must've given her a hard time. The restaurant staff worked really hard for a busy night, so don't be too hard on them!I preface this with saying we did not sit at a grill table, so I can not comment on the grill your own food portion of the restaurant.  My wife and I were promptly seated upon arrival and we opted for a standard table.  It did take quite a while for someone to acknowledge us after that, even though we saw plenty of servers assisting other tables.  We were actually getting close to leaving, as we hadn't even had our drink order taken in close to 15 minutes when finally a waiter came over and just said, "Do you know what you want?"  
Of course we did, as we had had so much time to study the menu at this point.  We opted for the soy grilled chicken, a bibimbap with spicy pork, and a side of the cheese corn.  The chicken came with the little small accoutrements.  We have previously eaten at the Korean House in Metairie, and we found the ones there to be a lot better.  We didn't care for some of the ones served at Little Korea.  
The chicken itself was really good!  It had excellent flavor.  The bibimbap was something we'd always wanted to try, so we were excited to finally do so.  We were a bit disappointed, unfortunately, as we found it to be on the bland side.  The corn cheese was good and they give you a huge portion, most of which we took home.  The server did improve a bit as the meal went on, but still didn't quite reach the level of service you'd hope to receive.  All in all, a mixed visit, but I would go back to try something else.  Keep in mind, the cook it yourself option seems very popular, and there were a good number of people waiting by the time we left.  Those dishes are also a lot more expensive.I was very excited to find that there are two Korean restaurants in the NOLA area. Upon reading reviews and figuring out where to dine first (Little Korea or Korea House), I chose Little Korea, although I knew the food would be mediocre, for the great reviews regarding service. WRONG. Korea House, however, has reviews saying the food is authentic but the management is horrible. 
The quaint korean restaurant is situated on S. Claiborne in the ghost of a former Taco Bell building. When entering, I was confused as to whether or not to seat myself and it took several minutes for a waitress to tell me to sit anywhere I like. The restaurant has one TV playing kpop with cherry blossom stickers adhered to the brown walls. The tables are in bad condition. 
I find it odd that you need to have a minimum of two orders to grill the meat at your table. My boyfriend and I ordered one SamGyupSal (pork belly) to share between the two of us. Most korean restaurants serve the meat in large portions, so I figured it'd be enough for us. It wasn't! The size is enough for one individual, but it cost 17.99!!! (All the menu items are pretty pricey, btw.) The meat wasn't tasty and was cooked very dry. It comes with four banchan (sides) including kimchee and a bowl of rice. The banchan were all bland besides the kimchee, which had some flavor, but still wasn't good. The side dishes vary from day to day, so you can't request for anything. Bummer because I was craving bean sprouts. Our drinks were served in dirty glasses. 
There were only two people taking care of the entire establishment. Both seemed to have no idea what they were doing. Our waitress was very pushy and rude. She kept adding menu items to our order, and I had to repeatedly refuse the extra dishes. In addition, she was speaking on the phone while trying to help us! The service was very slow, and it took us forever to get our check. When the restaurant got busy and our party and another family were both waiting to be rung up, the cashier just leaves for a restroom break. When we finally receive it, he rung us up wrong.We took the tram from the French Quarter to enjoy some Korean BBQ and were very happy we did. The decor is simple but elegant, and I liked the look of the place. The staff was very nice and accommodating as well.
Yuzu Lemonade: This drink is a must have. Delish! 
Suju: Smooth and a good starter shot.
Spicy Fish Cakes: OMG. Super yummy. The texture of these are unlike anything I've had before. They are spongy, but in the most enjoyable way. My mouth was happy eating them.
Bulgogi/Spicy Bulgogi: These meats were very well seasoned and were very tasty on their own.
Garlic Pork Belly: My favorite. A great flavor and grilled up nicely as well.Ended up on Claiborne looking for dinner yesterday and saw that the sign had changed from "Coming Soon" to "Open", so decided to give it a try. It has a really nice, very new-looking interior while the outside still has a bit of the old Taco Bell/Orleans Seafood styling. 
On to the food though, I ordered take-out and it was very quick, 10 minutes max. before I was out the door. I ordered the Bulgogi Beef, a barbecued Korean speciality, and it came with rice and three side items (I chose bean sprouts, kim chi, and potato salad).  I was a little surprised that potato salad was an option, but after looking around google, it turns out potato salad is very popular in Korea, so it all makes sense now. The takeout box was so stuffed that it felt like it was starting to bend as I was carrying it. This was probably about two meals worth of food!
The bulgogi was great, as good as any of the Korean places I've been to in NYC or Houston, or the old Genghis Khan on Tulane Ave. back in the day. The meat was extremely fresh and cooked well, and the bean sprouts helped me feel like I was being super-healthy. The kim chi was also good, though it could've had just a bit more of a kick to it. The potato salad was a pleasant surprise, as it was different than the local variety, one difference being that this potato salad had small carrot pieces. 
All in all, Little Korea provided some great food and I'm glad that there's another great new dining option Uptown. 
Also, I've overheard people saying they were excited about the restaurant but a little weary (understatement) about the location. In response to that, I'll say that I don't think I'm any more hardcore than the average Yelp-user, and I felt 100% safe.Great Korean food! Seem to be out of alcohol most times I show up, which is annoying sometimes, but the food always makes up for it. Having lived in Korea, this is a great option for Korean food in the area. Much better than the Korea house out in Metairie in my personal opinion.Prices are outrageous! We love Korean BBQ! Just got back from Houston and was still craving our fix so we decided to check out their new location. Food was ok. Prices are ridiculously high. It's way too expensive for the portions! 30 bucks for 4 little pieces of short ribs? For all the money we spent we could've gotten so much for food from Korea house. We also ordered pork belly which took a whole hour to come out. The server didn't even mention what else we had coming and was pretty awkward. Honestly Don't think we would come back.I've been here a few times, but had a delicious experience last night.
We only ordered the spicy tofu soup and the spicy oxtail stew. Both were soooo good! The oxtail is a bit sweet, but the meat falls off the bone! Order it!
I've had the bulgogi (thinly sliced, marinated beef) and galbi (short ribs) as well. Can't complain. It's so tender and has such good flavor. Makes my mouth water thinking about it!
Service is fast and the servers are attentive!Best thing I have eaten in New Orleans. The rice cakes and KFC was E-VE-RY THING. The service is great, establishment is clean and the neighborhood is cute, eerie but cute. Also had the bulgogi, spicy bulgogi and gochujang pork belly, awesome.Finally New Orleans is getting some diversity. I drove by this restaraunt a few months ago and just made it there for dinner this evening. I must say that everything I had was great, the staff and service was attentive and friendly. I will definitly become a regular.Amazingly good Korean food. Everything we ate was crazy good! Bulgogi, bibim bop and side dishes were stupendous! Definitely recommend! We will go back soon!!!!Although the outside of this restaurant looks like a converted and confused taco bell, once inside you are greeted with a friendly, smiling staff and calming, clean decor that is inviting and soothing. I ordered the pork and squid which was so tender and well seasoned it practically melted in my mouth. I can't wait to return to try every item they have to offer on the menu!The interior is pretty nice and clean. This spot is definitely more an Americanized/fusion Korean restaurant. Very catered to those who haven't tried Korean food. The staff is nice and helpful, explaining everything you need to know. If you're looking for something very traditional, try somewhere else.
We got the spicy bbq chicken, kimchi pancakes, and sunduboo soup. The chicken was surprisingly good and spicy but flavor was just right. The pancakes were pretty good too; fluffy but I wish they had soy sauce instead of a vinaigrette sauce. The soup was decent, spicy. Side dishes were alright. Overall, the experience was decent. Nothing over the top, but good.We went here today. We ordered bulgogi and spicy chicken. It was delicious. The sides were kimchi, greens, tofu and bean sprouts. Everything was flavorful. The spicy chicken was spicy, just how I like it. And the staff was pleasant. Will definitely come backBest meal ever.  My first time here.  You have to practice eating this food.  OMG, it's so damn good.I spotted this place close to our apartment the last time I was in New Orleans and I knew I had to check it out as I love Korean BBQ. The drink menu was A1. I went with a Pim's cup and the bartender got it completely right. After deciding what I wanted, we cooked it at the table over great conversation. The chicken is seasoned to perfection. Sure, the Korean BBQ is the main attraction here but the Ramen was the star here. It was flavorful as me and a friend shared a bowl of it and man the broth alone is great enough that I wanted to take it home after the noodles were gone! This was one of my fav spots on my last visit. Good Korean BBQ isn't just dinning but it's an experience.We had the Korea Grill and did not care for the meat. The Pork had so much fat that it should have been described as bacon. I especially did not like that a 20% gratuity was included in the bill (for a party of two).Food was good. Service was terrible. I definitely enjoyed the food but it was expensive, the seats were very uncomfortable and the staff couldn't be bothered.Good food!! Spicy squid and pork souls say very spicy!!! Must try the egg rolls and eat the lettuce with sauce together!! Trust me!! Other that that good experience for first time for Korean. Will return!!!I love this place! My Grandma was from Korea and I grew up eating Korean food all my life. Before now I had to trek to Metairie but this place is a so much closer!Ate here in June 2016...
Food was just okay...maybe because it was SO HOT here that it was unenjoyable. The smoke from the grill would fly into your face and you leave smelling like.....
Our group ordered a variety of 5 meats. Some meats had no seasoning on it at all. I was confused because there also was no "side sauce." It was plain meat, on a grill. There was one pork belly that was very good. Everything else was non-memorable. 
What was extremely good was the free desert they gave at the end! It was a shaved ice, to make up for the fact that their a/c wasn't strong enough. Seriously though, walking out the restaurant was a little more pleasant, because you didn't have the hot smoke and moist heat that sits all around you while you eat.The food was great! Except for the fact that the portions were small and you are paying overpriced meat that you can just go somewhere else and get a bigger portion. This restaurant is the opposite of a bang for your buck. You can pay 16$ for 4 peices of spicy pork belly. Sure that's 4$ a piece but that will not fill you up for 16$. I would rather just go to an all you can eat sushi place where I can pay 28$ per person and eat all the sushi I want.I recently tried this place for the first time and I loved it. We sat at the table with the grill and made our own food. The food was great and the service was good considering we came pretty close to closing time due to getting off of work late. 
The waitress was fried and helpful. As we finished one dish she brings out the best for us to start putting on the grill.We came here and immediately an unwelcoming welcome from the host. Our server Andrew on the other hand is very attentive and nice. Helped us and made sure we needed everything. When we left, the host who unprofessionally greeted us was in the bar area facing toward the cashier(?) and yelled out bluntly "thanks, have a nice day" Next time learn to greet a person with a smile and be more attentive when a customer leaves. unprofessional..This is one of the only Korean places in New Orleans, and the food is solid. I've been here several times and have never left unhappy.I dont know about bbq but tofu soup tastes really thick and werid. Other dishes not authentic either.This place was really good. I do not like metal chopsticks but they get you wooden ones if you buy any noodle bowl. 
The food was super, I wish there was a little more meat in the my noodle bowl but what they did give us was really tasty and cooked right. It is right on target for its price point, they do not have fountain drinks so if you are a guy who gets 2-3 refills of whatever he drinks per meal like myself, stick to water. 
The location is super convenient, and has lots of parking! Great place! Definitely would recommend.This place used to be my boyfriend and I favorite Korean restaurant, but now it is our worst! Their side dishes are so little, and they give 3 or 6 depending on how much you've order. With that being said, I still did not care much about that and continue to give them my business only for their amazing and addicting Galbi. Then one day they've decided to change the meat in the Galbi dish. It wasn't Korean short ribs, it was steak. Flavor is still the same but texture is way off. It just didn't taste the same. My boyfriend and I stopped going here for awhile after that. When we finally did came back for another try, the Galbi dish is still made of steak, but with a more higher price and a reduction in portion. $19.99 for 6 pieces of galbi when it is not even galbi? No, thank you. Now I never come back and they have lost my business forever. I would rather wait and save my money for Tofu Village in Houston. At least their side dishes are more and did I mention HUGE?I never went to the old location so all I can review on is new location.  This is my second time coming here and I really enjoy it!  We got all the little sides and refills for free.  I had the spicy tofu soup and felt it needed to be more spicy.  But then again...i eat lots of spice.  I also ordered from the lunch menu and had the spicy chicken with rice.  It was spicy, but my level of spice is higher than most.  So to me, i would rate the spice as 7/10.  
My friend went with me and she tried the chicken Bim Bap.  It was her first time here and our server was awesome.  She helped my friend out with the menu.   The price is a bit higher than what I am use to paying for in Houston or Dallas, but remember that this location is on Magazine and gears mostly towards tourists.  I definitely would be back to get my korean fix!Very happy that I found a spot with Jajang Myun, my favorite dish that my Korean grandmother used to make me.  The kimchi dumplings and the kimchi were really good too.  I'll be back soon to try the bulgogi and jap chae.I love this place! I live in the neighborhood and was thrilled to see a pho place pop up close to home. Although I always come for the steak pho, the short ribs, rice bowls, and table side grilling (for 2 or more) are all fantastic. Great flavor and large portions for a relatively cheap price. Service is wonderful and efficient- one of the waitresses remembers my order! I have also shared a meal (and cookies) with one owners' daughters. I appreciate that the restaurant is family owned and operated. Although the outside doesn't look like much, the inside of the restaurant is actually very nice.Little Korea is the best Korean restaurant in New Orleans, hands down.
OK, so maybe that isn't saying much since there are really only two Korean restaurants in the New Orleans area that I'm aware of (and the less said about the mediocre and grimy Korea House in Fat City, the better). Still, Little Korea has become one of my favorite places to eat. There's no cold or sniffles that a big, steaming bowl of their perfectly seasoned spicy tofu soup can't cure, and no damp rainy day that one of their generous and sizzling hot rice bowls can't make better.
As hearty as the entrees are, the appetizers are worth budgeting your appetite for as well. Their housemade kimchee is some of the best I've ever had, and the delicately fried kimchee dumplings are pretty wonderful too.
Knocking off a star because of the limited and occasional stingily portioned banchan (= free appetizer selection, though most of the time they're happy to provide more if you ask nicely), and the service, while friendly and earnest, can tend to be disorganized and a little messy - on a recent visit on a not terribly crowded weekday evening, every single table in the place was piled with half empty dishes from previous diners. Also, prices are maybe a notch or two higher than they should be.Good and friendly service. Food was amazing. The spicy oxtail stew was the best thing we had. The meat fell right off the bone.We did the grill, and I am quite disappointed. I didn't like how you can only pick one meat (ONE POUND each) and it only comes with ONE SMALL bowl of rice. All the meat choices were all over $20. I think it would be nice to have an option of several different meats in smaller portions. 
Our waitress wasn't very knowledgeable about how to cook the meats because we listened to her directions and our meats came out over cooked & really chewy. Note that we've only eaten Korean BBQ once before and our friends (who were with us) had never tried it before, so we don't know much either. 
This restaurant is really nice overall, but the BBQ table was a little tight with the amount of food brought out plus sitting with strangers. And the food was OK. 
I probably won't be back.