2.5/5 so few karaoke spots...
the only reason we come here is to snag a small room and rock out with friends. the rates are decent, considering: basically you need to cover $20/hr and then there's no room rate. so if you're drinking and munching, it's pretty easy to do this. the food is meh, i mean it's not bad, but it's not great. it's hit or miss depending on who the server is, sometimes they're chill, sometimes they're really pushy. 
recent turn-off, they've moved the system to this new computer system where you literally have to c l i c k. l e t t e r. b y. l e t t e r. t o. s e l e c t. a. s o n g. total buzz kill. it's like wearing mittens over everything! it's that much harder to find a song and wastes time, really wish they'd just go back to the controller or install a keyboard or something.What an complete disappoint! We can here tonight because my wife was craving ramen. We started with the Yakisoba. The stir fried noodles has way too much oil. There was a pool of it at the bottom of the hot plate. Next I ordered the seared tuna salad, that crap of a salad was $8.50 for 4 thin slices of uninspired tuna. The salad was a joke and the portion was pathetic. Next we ordered the Little Tokyo roll and the Big Easy Roll. The non sushi chefs back there prepared prerolled sushi since our asparagus was pretty raw and each bite of the snow crab filling was near ice cold. The only decent product was the actual ramen that my wife ordered. I will probably never come back to this dump again. When this place first opened it was fantastic, now quality control has gone down the drain. Only reason the place got two stars versus one is that the staff is very friendly. I hope they can find work elsewhere because with the way operations is ran they will lose more and more business by the day.This place is gross!  They didn't have "real" menus because the real menus had been destroyed in Hurricane Isaacs and were "all moldy".  The waitress said they were supposed to get new ones, but they still hadn't.  So we got laminated drink menus and noodle offerings.  I asked for a description of the sushi rolls, and the waitress pulled a piece of paper out of her order taking folder and said "don't get it wet, it's the only one I have."
I ordered the seafood soba noodle dish which was shrimp, salmon, and fake crab on top.  I told her to skip the crab.  So on a HUGE plate of noodles I got two shrimp, and a few 1" pieces of salmon which really didn't go with the dish.  Luckily it was only $7.... But, again, mostly noodles.
Won't be returning to this place EVER!!!I maybe a lil culturally bias, as I am of Asian descent and work in Seattle Chinatown.
We were desperate for some late night eats and something besides burgers. This is a great place for the 20 somethings singing bad Karaoke and having something to nosh on while getting drunk off the full page drink selections. They were creative in the small plates but lot's of stuff is over salted and over sauced. Again great if your drunk and wanna sing Karaoke then this is the place.This Little Tokyo is the worst sushi restaurant I have ever experienced. I can't say anything for the others, but I'm definitely not going to try them. 
Our waiter was so stoned that he "forgot" what we ordered twice.
The "tuna" in the center of the Burning Man was worse than hot canned cat-food and the shrimp tempura was no saving grace. After a good sport bite of each, we left the meal unfinished and will never be back.Its nearing midnight on a Saturday in New Orleans and an entire culture of professionals are just getting off work.  These men and women have been on their feet for at least 6 hours feeding the mouths of this city and guess what?  They're hungry too.  They're not too concerned that they have an early brunch shift in the morning.  In fact heading right home and hopping into bed is not always the best option.  It takes time for the body to shut down and for thoughts to cease imitating an active ping-pong match.  No...these people need to eat, drink, bitch and deflate.  
A friend of mine, who has held server positions in the past, is no longer a full-time restaurant employee.  She has her nine to five job, but picks up occasional weekend bartending and serving gigs at a local function hall.  After getting home from a shift and into bed around 1:30 a few Friday nights ago, she found her self in bed, wide-eyed, and staring at the ceiling.  She'd forgotten how hard it was to go from non-stop to stop.  Even though it's late, after an evening of strategic and quick paced multi-tasking of muddling fruit and straining martinis or turning filets and sautéing salsify or explaining what a rillette is (for the tenth time that evening) and smiling the whole way through it leaves one too wired to hit the sheets immediately.  Running around, whether you're on the front end popping napkins or in the back dressing the duck...gets your blood pumping.  A conversation with your trusted coworkers about that bitch on 62 and how she stiffed you or why the sous chef can 'suck it' is pertinent.  When drinks are not enough and hunger strikes it's worth knowing what food options are available.  That's why the Uptown location of Little Tokyo (in the river bend) is a service industry workers late night dream.  Open til' 2 am, they serve a full menu, have a better wine list than most of the neighborhood bars in the area  (that's not saying much) and serve ten different kinds of sake.  Sake bombs available as well.
Some coworkers and I frequent this Little Tokyo location when we're wide-eyed and hungry after a long shift.  It ain't The Windsor Court but it's a decent late night food destination with a more varied menu in comparison to the average neighborhood bar.  I went there recently with a few coworkers last Friday.  We filled the table and ate family style.  The spicy edamame whispers my name every time, so we had to get that.  It's first blanched then drizzled with a spicy garlic chili sauce.  It's tangy, green and hot.  We liked the shrimp mermaids so much we got a second order.  Shrimp layered with cream cheese, enclosed in a gyoza dumpling wrapper and then deep-fried.  They come with a spicy chili sauce for dipping.  Well...in our case...for double dipping.  We got the Yaki Soba noodles with beef too, which taste better than most of the Lo mien I've had.  A touch of Indian spice coddles the noodles and waits patiently to surprise you, with that subtle, yet unmistakable smokiness, of clove or star anise.  The shrimp fried rice was decent.  They don't devein the baby shrimp so they're pretty ugly to look at, but after a few glasses of wine whose looking anyway?  The salmon filet rolled with crab salad and eel sauce was creamy and sweet.  
It's fairly raucous because (even though it's late) the place is packed.  Every time I've been there on a Saturday night, the back rooms
are occupied by private karaoke parties.  The main dining room has a karaoke stage as well.  The performances are generally entertaining but can also be mildly annoying.  Yet it doesn't change the fact that they have decent wine and deep-fried cream cheese engulfed shrimp dumplings.  No...it don't change that.  It also doesn't change the fact that after a few decent glasses of wine and a belly full of Japanese food, the not-so-wide eyed restaurant worker can...finally...hit the sheets...like nobodies business.Little Tokyo *cannot* make a crunchy roll. I've ordered them from here 3 times always asking for extra crunchy and these fools are bogarting that stuff so hard. Don't try it for yourself.Don't come here for the food, come to sing and drink with your friends. If you're hungry and must order something, try the spicy edamame and curry fries. It won't fill you up or satisfy your stomach in the least bit, but there will be a party in your mouth. Those are the only two items I enjoy.
The party room service has always been good. I don't know if it's because the servers are attentive (which is what I'm weighing on) or if there's a call button in the room. Sometimes the mics suck and screech in your ears. Just work around it. Remember to order party size sake if you're doing sake bombs for a large crowd.Food and drinks were cheap!
Went here with a group of people on a Friday night and there was no wait.   Not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.  First thing I noticed on the menu was how inexpensive the drinks cost.  The food was also inexpensive.  We ordered the sticky wings, hamachi kama, edamame, and seared tuna salad.  The seared tuna salad and hamachi kama was good and flavorful.  The wings and edamame was also good, but it's not something I haven't tried before at other places.  So for dinner I ordered the tonkatsu ramen I've read so much about.  Since I like it spicy, I ordered it very spicy.  Meh, the tonkatsu ramen was nothing special and tasted like the same noodles that I could make myself at home with the little Mi Mama packages.  Most of my friends at the table agreed too that it was nothing special.  After dinner we booked a room and sang some karaoke.  It was fun but the equipment was kind of crappy and cumbersome to use.  All in all...we started the the night with sake bombs and ended the night with sake bombs.  I'll probably come back and try some other things on the menu since the food is inexpensive.Dining in may be better, so I won't judge there, but my take-out experience was awful. The service was fine, and my food was ready when I picked it up -- no complaints there. However, of the three items I ordered, only my miso soup was edible. The seafood udon, while I expected it to be fishy (that is what I ordered) was incredibly pungent. I guess that should have been a sign to me of things to come. Upon taking one bite, I could taste nothing but a general, non-specific fish juice taste. It was awful. One bite was enough and I couldn't eat the rest. The spicy edamame I ordered was also not great -- the edamame was limp and had no flavor and tasted like it had been cooked for too long or had been sitting out for days.
The space seems cool and like it would be fun for karaoke, but I will definitely not be ordering out from Little Tokyo again.So, officially, I'm not a fan of karaoke, but the private rooms here are pretty awesome. I've only been once so far, but I definitely intend to go back.
We didn't try a huge sampling of the food, pretty much just crunchy rolls and edamame, but the prices were good and for two hours of a private karaoke room, I really think the prices are more than fair. 
Can't wait to go back so I've got more detailed information to share!We stopped by this place one night after VooDoo fest and we were definitely not disappointed! The staff are super chill and friendly. I LOVE that they were playing 90s music. I had the ramen (can't remember which one but it was vegetarian) and it was amazing. One piece of meat accidentally found its way in there and when I pointed it out to our waitress she apologized and offered to take it off our ticket although I didn't let them cause it was a tiny accident and the ramen was not ruined by all means. Great place! Will definitely visit again!Eh. I find myself going to Little Tokyo more out of convenience and less because the food is stellar. Been here plenty of times and never had good sushi, but because they have a great location, stay open way later than other restaurants, and have a karaoke bar, they can get away with having subpar food. Their ramen isn't bad; I'm usually down to go when it's cold out and I'm craving ramen. The fire sticky wings though!!! MUST have. Would argue that's the best thing on the menu. 3 stars because I don't particularly like the food, but I continue to go anyway because it's a fun late night spot when all I wanna do is sing Bohemian Rhapsody with a random guy wearing leather pants hogging the mic. There's ALWAYS a random guy wearing leather pants hogging the mic.Great spot for lunch! Tonkotsu Ramen was super flavorful! Very tasty, and you can get it as spicy as you like! Uptown roll was nice too! Service was very good as well! The tonkotsu and uptown roll is a great deal!Ran in on a Wednesday night to check it out. I missed the floor show that is karaoke, but loved the array of small plates. In fact, I wished I'd stuck with those rather than the ramen. It was fairly ordinary, and very spicy was just a little heat.
Service was fast, friendly, and informative. Parking was simple, considering all the streetcar and street construction/closing in the neighborhood.The big draw for this place is the karaoke and the daily drink specials. I went there for the noodles and they were some really good noodles. For dinner for two we got the shrimp mermaid (shrimp and cream cheese wrapped in a gyoza wrapper and fried, served with a chili sauce) and curry fries appetizers. For our entrees we had the beef yaki soba and I had cold beef ramen. The food was fantastic, the noodles delicious. I love ramen and this was seriously good ramen. The drink special that day was a watermelon margarita, which tasted like a watermelon jolly rancher dissolved in tequila, which was delicious.
We've established the food was tasty but what about the decor and environment? The music was a bit loud and focused on pop, which isn't what I listen to but that doesn't make the food taste any different. The focus of the restaurant is obviously small dishes to snack on while you sing karaoke with your friends. Even if you're not there to sing, the food is amazingly delicious and worth the trip.I should have left as soon as I went to the bathroom to wash my hands. The bathroom was filthy and the hand soap thing didn't even work! I hope the employees wash there hands somewhere else..... 
Service sucked. There were two other tables in the restaurant but the guy took forever to take our order and bring us things. 
Sushi was ok but I have had much better. It was kind of warm when it got to us (maybe because our server sucked) but warm sushi kind of grosses me out because its raw fish. Also it fell apart as soon as you picked it up. Oh and they don't have brown rice :-(
The only reason I am giving them three starts is because the tempura green beans were FANTASTIC!!! I might go back and only get that.
Also we ordered the tempura cheese cake for desert and it was good till we got to the middle because it was still frozen in the center! 
All in all Little Tokyo is a bit of a disappointment. Go to Ninja or something.We have been her twice and both times had good a experience. The food has been consistently good as well as the service. Not fancy but clean an relaxed. They do have separate rooms for karaoke, if you are so inclined. 2 TV's, usually with some sporting event on. The only reason it didn't get a full 5 starts, is because I am not a fan of their music. They play the kind of music that 9 year old kids like to jump around too. How do I know this you ask? The last time we were there, we watched them dance...lol. It was all good and cute, but the sporting events on TV and the music were an odd match....and share a piece of the tempura cheesecake.....OMG!!!!!!!Generally my neighborhood sushi spot, however, this time was a completely different experience. Earwig in my sake and hair in my salad - needless to say I didn't wait for my sushi.*thumbs down*
*sigh*
OK. so last night was ladies night.  so four of my friends and i got out our little black dresses and our heels and went to have a few cocktails. which we did, and we were at the pretty wonderful bayou bar on st. charles. around 10 it hit all of us that we hadn't had dinner, well no wonder those drinks were knocking our socks off.  we are ALL big sushi lovers...in fact all 5 of us had had sushi at least twice in the past week so that was the immediate decision. at that hour it came down to two places that were open and serving: Hoshun and this place.  
we decided to go to this version of Little Tokyo. As most of us are Mid- City dwellers we all have great fond memories of the one in our area of town (i need to update my review given my more than positive experiences there in the past few months) and thought this would be just as wonderful.
WRONG.
I like the atmosphere, the booth seating was great, that they separated the karaoke from the rest of the place was FANTASTIC as the caterwauling we heard coming out of the back room hurt our souls more than a little and our server was a really nice guy. He put up with our semi drunk random attempts at making him feel just a little molested and even brought me a new sprite RIGHT out whenever he accidentally dunked a half a glass of water into my sprite, with a deftness i haven't seen in the service industry in a long time (he poured the water in, i started to laugh and said "well, that was sprite...", and he turned and swooped my drink right out from under me and placed a new fresh one there in about 45 seconds). and graciously dealt with our 5 separate payment methods on one bill. so i applaud the service. and the size of their hot saki (the regular was pretty intense, i can't imagine the large).
then there is ... dun dun dun... the food. OK.... i am a sushi snob. i like fresh fresh fish and am super particular about my rice. i stick to several places i know i can rely on for the most part (in our city full of options) and go outside of that on the recommendation of others. all it took this time was the words "open til 2 am".  hello late night sushi! i need late night sushi in my life. but... alas... this will not be my late night sushi. we ordered several appetizers and several rolls. i have to say that i tried the grilled scallops (which we took to calling scallops au gratin),that was pretty good. my friend's tuna salad looked good. but not for what either one paid for. the seaweed salad looked good when it came out, but i didn't try it, and there were plenty of tempura options on the menu that looked interesting, but that was not what i was there for. we searched and searched the menu for the enoki mushrooms that they have in Mid-City and sadly no go on that one. I settled for ordering a snow crab salad and a box fresh salmon. imagine my shock when our waiter came over to take our order, looked down at it and said "oh, we don't have box sushi." you... don't.... WHAT?????!!!!!! what kind of sushi place doesn't have box sushi? they had all of the ingredients... it's one of the simplest things to make (and one of my straight up favorite flavor profiles and what i ALWAYS test a sushi place on). that... irked me. and shocked me. how... how... is that possible? even now i am just CONFUSED. anyway. i switched up my order to a fresh salmon roll which is essentially everything in a fresh box salmon just rolled... and a baked salmon because dammit i was just gonna eat myself sick from sadness. and apparently i was on a snow crab diet last night.  
so... i got my snow crab salad and it was.... bland.  as in it didn't taste like anything. even the avocado tasted like.... air. i wanted to put salt on it.  and I'm the person who cooks without salt and doesn't use soy sauce on sushi because i don't really enjoy that flavor that much. wth?  then out came my baked salmon. as much as i paid for that in any other restaurant i would get at least twice that amount and with my roll have food to take home. it came out in one piece. it was... alright. nothing special. just alright. meh.  finally our rolls came out. i tasted mine and was totally underwhelmed. now i understood why they didn't have boxed sushi. the salmon wasn't super fresh, nor were any of the other items in the roll all that awesome. i also tried one of my friend's mid city rolls because she wanted to trade as she wasn't enjoying hers at all. it was again... meh.  another friend ordered a roll that she didn't know had eel sauce on it, and as she can't eat that and had requested it off her other roll everyone tried that and was again... underwhelmed.  
and it was expensive. i spent $26.00 on food i would have gotten at least double that amount at Kyoto Two or Hana or several other places. Plus the 20% gratuity automatically added on was... impressive to say the least.  
again, i am a sushi snob. and I'm basing this rating on price with underwhelming taste.  *shrugs* sorry.Great karaoke place and excellent food. Eric went beyond the call of duty to make up for the long wait time for the food. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some Asian cuisine in uptown nola. If you are hosting a big group that's in town for a wedding, please, get one of the private karaoke rooms. You will not regret it!Little Tokyo is my favorite neighborhood restaurant. When I lived in Thibodaux I would drive to New Orleans just to come eat here. I've been a regular customer for about 4-5 years now. And, there's are reason's why:
Atmosphere: Laid back and open. I never feel cramped in any place even when I'm enjoying private karaoke in one of the back rooms. 
Staff: Friendly, eclectic, I dare say even a little nerd chic. Perhaps the best is that they're all intelligent and literate. 
Food: RAMEN!!! I'm sorry had to get that out. The small plates and ramen are definitely my favorite...and I mean...y'all did look name of restaurant, right? Sushi is of great quality too. Try the Tonkotsu or Shoyu Ramen.
Cost: The only reason I spend more that $15 a meal is because I'm addicted to sake. 
Again, my favorite local restaurant. I'm sure I'll see y'all out there at some point.This place has gone waaaay downhill. They are treating it like an old car that's breaking down but not worth getting fixed. I came in on a Sunday evening, and no one was at the door for maybe 2-3 minutes. No biggie. 
Someone finally told me I could sit wherever I'd like, so I did. I was then COMPLETELY IGNORED for 35 minutes.  No water, no menu until I got one myself. The restaurant was warm, despite the fact that it was 70 degrees outside. The tables were sticky, probably because the a/c wasn't on. The menu I got for myself was dirty. 
I sat right next to a table being served, so I know the staff knew I was there. I ended up leaving. Little Tokyo is dead ya'll, they just aren't buried yet.DO NOT GO WITH A LARGE PARTY. We had a table of 8. They refused to split the check but instead insisted we divide up the bill ourselves if we wanted to charge multiple cards. The sushi was adequate but neither the cheapest nor the best sushi in the area. Service was awful, two of the people at our table were served their sushi almost an hour after the rest of us and it wasn't even crowded. The staff was completely unapologetic and dismissive about the lateness of the food when asked multiple times where it was. Also, they charge an automatic gratuity for large tables which seems ridiculous because they do not even assist in splitting the check. If I could have tipped the server nothing I would have and I am always a good tipper. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. I guess go for the karaoke if you are into that, but eat dinner somewhere else.Went with a group of friends for karaoke. We reserved a small private room. They have a system where if you spend enough money on food and drinks, you don't have to pay hourly for the room. The price schedule is posted on the door, but we smashed the limits with our excessive drinking.
The food and drinks are completely secondary to the karaoke experience. I wasn't blown away by my menu choices, but nobody in the group complained about them either.
The room has a u-shaped sectional sofa, a coffee table, a flat screen on the wall, and rack of karaoke electronic equipment. There are two mics and both are wired with long cords. The cords had been kinked so many times that they only intermittently worked. Two separate equipment swaps brought them into a working condition that we deemed acceptable, but it still wasn't 100%. 
8 people fit snugly in the small room but our group gradually ballooned to 15, which was a tight and sweaty fit, even on a cold night. We were warned against having over 10, that we might be kicked out, but the waitress didn't care and helped keep our violation secret by quickly closing the door. It was much appreciated! 
I'm used to the gorgeous karaoke facilities in Dallas that we have thanks to the huge number of Korean immigrants & frankly this place doesn't compare well to that standard. They should invest in some wireless mics, tambourines, a disco ball, and some multicolored dance club lights. It'd bring it up to par.  But in light of the fact that New Orleans has very few private karaoke options, this place is great.Have come here quite a bit because it is convenient but feel like quality has slipped a little.  By all means fine for a quick bowl of ramen but the sushi is up and down and atmosphere is pretty dead.  Make the trip up to mid-city for the original.Coming from Phoenix AZ, I always had access to great ramen, now that I'm in NOLA I had to make sure I found a place with at least some decent ramen. I must say that the Shoyu ramen here is the 2nd best, most delicious ramen that I've had! I asked for it to be extra spicy and that alone didn't disappoint either. The service was great as well. This will definitely be my ramen spot. So happy about this!!!Not the best of japanese food, but I like that there are a large number of small plates to be had, and that the place is open late.  Karaoke night is also pretty hilarious.
What I do like the most about Little Tokyo is that it is pretty much the only place in New Orleans where you can get Ramen!  I love my noodles and I think about noodles a lot whenever I'm hungry.  Little Tokyo's ramen is pretty great, it's a large serving, it hits the spot, and it always makes me full. I don't really have anywhere else in New Orleans to compare its ramen to, so if you have a craving for ramen, you can get it here.
I always get Tonkatsu ramen with extra pork, beef, green onions, bamboo, and bok choy, and I get it just a little bit spicy.  I've had the Miso Ramen and the Shoyu ramen as well, and they are good, but when I have a craving for noodles, I really need my traditional thick pork based ramen.
I would probably give this place 4 stars just because it fulfills my ramen needs, but it gets a 3 because the other food is just OK.Being from Hawaii, having Asian food readily accessible 24/7 is something I really miss. I was excited to find this  restaurant on one of the late-night Eatery websites for New Orleans.
Tried  out a bunch of items and I'll say that I enjoyed everything I sampled!  
Veggie Tempura: nicely done, green pepper surprise (never had a place serve that before) and a nice spicy non-traditional dip that went well with it. 
Shrimp Tempura: as expected but not sure what the sauce was.  I prefer the traditional clear-ish  sauce, but theirs was not too bad. 
Crunchy Roll: as expected, but kinda wish they threw the extra crunchy stuff on top (like Rouse's).
Unagi (eel) Sushi: all I can say is.... Yes.  Please.  It's sexy and delicious.  OMG. Best unagi in NOLA so far. 
Curry Ramen: not too shabby, it was my son's dish   so I only sampled it, but flavor was good.  Wish they did curry over rice too, but I make that at home all the time so no biggie. 
Shoyu Ramen (spicy): pretty decent and will probably order again, though I might try to customize next time with their optional add-ins (but it's still good as-is).
At least 4 stars, not quite 5, but I'm definitely going back!Wow. Love this place. Go for the noodle bar, it's everything it's cracked up to be. My daughter and I had the Ramen noodle soups, her with Beef, me with egg and pork. Warning: "little spicy" has some serious heat and I love hot food. Wife and son had the egg noodles with beef - also excellent (I sampled it). Best aspect is the prices; very inexpensive. We didn't try it, but the karaoke rooms look like fun - and they're free with a minimum food purchase.We had an awful experience tonight at Little Tokyo from start to finish. Not that things were ever that good to begin with but they've obviously made a lot of unfortunate changes there recently. If you're use to ordering the sake and beer combo, don't because the sake craft is half the size as it use to be. Our waitress delivered our glasses with her fingers all over the insides of the cups. It was disgusting. She brought over our ramen the same way. The soup was basically all noodle with minimal toppings. My friend ordered a crunchy a roll, and received a random roll filled with imitation crab, absolutely no crunch element to be found. When he asked the waitress if he received the correct item, she hesitantly assured him it was correct. All and all, very, very bad. Don't waste your money.This place just simply is not worth the effort with all the other good sushi restaurants popping up in New Orleans. I do admit I came here during a very busy time, it was Sunday before Mardi Gras, but the experience was SO bad it really didn't matter what time of the year it was.
My first gripe was the sushi itself. The fish, on multiple rolls, was simply old tasting. My boyfriend and I tried several different rolls all with different fish combos, but, unfortunately at least one item per roll had a severely funky taste to it, making nothing really that enjoyable.
The food cam quickly, but, the rest of the service was awful. It took 20 minutes for our waitress to return with our check after taking our cards.... it felt like ages and we were forced to look at all the gross sushi we did not eat.
I wanted to like this place as a cheaper sushi option, but, it just fell short. The sushi at a sushi place has to be good and fresh. Try Origami, Kyoto, or Kakkoi...Can I just say I LOVE this place? Everyone from the cooks to the management is wonderful and very friendly! The food is always really good. My favorite appetizers would be the tempura pickles and mushrooms and the sushi is also really great! 
What I really like about the place is that it is a great place to go on an evening date (the ambiance is wonderful) and its also a lot of fun to go with a group a friends (after 9pm if you want to do karaoke).
The karaoke rooms are great and very reasonable and they have rooms for (5 or so people) to large (20 or so people) parties. 
It's honestly the most perfect place to go when you get off of work and want a drink, or on a Friday or Saturday night when you want to have real fun with your friends, or just want to grab some great sushi!
Go ahead and try it, you'll be glad you did!So this place is run by children, very rude children. They were all taking shots at the bar while I waited to have my order taken. They then proceeded to talk shit about the customers. If you come in after kick ball they hate you. So maybe go somewhere else. The food is ok but really it's all about the shit service. I am fine with a casual environment but the bartender is just an ass. They need to fire everyone and get a manager. I will never ever be back.I love this place. Why? Because I work late and this is the only restaurant in my 'hood open late and serving healthy fare. 
I expected a typical sushi joint, but this place was much more fun. 
I was dining alone, so I opted for the tall table w/bar stools in one corner of the room. I had a view of the whole place ;)
The decor is lounge-y and fun. The waitress was dressed-up in some kind of semi-goth ensemble, including fully functional garter belt and stockings with holes. She was sweet and attentive, even though she was the only server for the entire dining room. Music was loud, blasting tunes from Crystal Castles, The Postal Service, etc. It took me a second to adjust to this seconds, because I totally didn't expect it. It reminded me of a lot of hot-spots on Lincoln Road in Miami, where a lot of the restaurants and coffee shops turn into a late night social, party hubs. 
The menu is extensive and very affordable. I tried the tuna/avocado salad (fresh, seared to perfection), edamame (it's edamame, OK) and Shoyu Ramen (Ramen is their specialty and it was satisfying).
I couldn't resist and tried the Lychee Saketini. It was wonderful. It gave me a buzz, and had a nice balance of lychee sweetness and saki bitterness. 
The Karaoke was off, but then some brave lady at the bar "performed" her version of Lady GaGa's Paparazzi. I was quite entertained. Maybe the saketini had something to do with it. 
I thing this is my new favorite after-work, late night snack spot. And if the karaoke goes in the wrong direction, just bring me another saketini. Quickly!I downloaded Yelp on my phone for the sole reason to write this review about Little Tokyo. I've been here a few times with my friends (not for the food.. which I've had before though, mediocre at best). We go for the karaoke and bar scene just to have a good night. First off, this place charged me 35 dollars (tip included on the bill) for two regular mixed drinks. I've had nothing but terrible experiences with the manager, the tiny guy behind the bar. He's the most pompous, condescending fuck I've ever met. If you talk to any of the other staff they absolutely hate him for being abusive. Needless to say the morale in the place is low. I hope another karaoke bar pops up and puts this place out of business.Squid steak came out first in brown looking liquid and being quite cold. They took it back and "fixed" it by I guess dumping the liquid and trying to make it look like it. Udon was bland as a mtfer. I thought it's suppose to be white rice but it came out yellow. And the lunch special chicken teriyaki was not as good as I hoped. The rice was soaked in teriyaki sauce. Not good. And there were a couple ants on the table.Okay place to meet up friends. NOT a good place to get sushi. It's not fresh ALL the times I've been here. There's karaoke, just wish they had a different space for people who didnt want to be tortured with crappy singing. 
Some of the small plates are delish. Others lacked. But for a place to rent out rooms to sing karaoke with friends.. this place is your only option in the city.My first visit involved karaoking with my closest girlfriends. The six of us had a small room which reminded me of a waxing salon or something. The karaoke video displayed Asian women in awkward positions on the beach and running in the park like that was supposed to be a turn on or something. The karaoke lists we had may have been out dated because the chicks in the large room were bumping. It was fun to catch up with my girls and sing some random Brittany and Madonna though. I ordered salad wraps which were good,  wings which were okay and a mushroom appetizer which no one liked. Not super impressed by the food, but I'd try the sushi next time.This was my first time at Little Tokyo, so I didn't know what to expect. I ended up with a party of 8, and ordered the chicken tempura and salmon hibachi rice. The hibachi rice was really tasty! I can see myself visiting for a to-go box of salmon rice from time to time. Also, those who know me already know that a to-go box is exactly where my rice ended up! The server was fast and friendly, even though we took a while to figure out what we wanted.
I wasn't aware that this was a karaoke bar, so when my friend pulled out a microphone and started murdering the Time Warp, I was quite confused. I'm not sure how I feel about that. I hear there are private rooms, which is best for that. Then again, I like to get drunk and heckle karaoke singers, so I guess I'M the one with the problem. I think I'll have to just stick to take out orders. 
Here's something I mentioned in my quick review. We had problems with the lack of separate checks. I mean, I have no problems with figuring out my balance, but I noticed that with the split gratuity, my credit card receipt was charged the balance of my food cost BEFORE tax or tip. I added an additional tip, just to be safe. A couple of my card using friends also noted this.  One of us was having a problem with his card, so he went to the ATM. While he was gone, the server informed us that the balance left from the declined card DIDN'T include the 18% gratuity, and that even though the bill clearly said we owed $23, we actually owed $27. Here's the problem: over HALF of our people had already paid with cash, and were at a club down the street waiting for us to join them. This left us there to figure out the balance and put down more than our share. I left with a bad impression, and If I return it will be for take out.I only tried the reman here. The spicy reman is my favorite. However, the space here is narrow. Every time I came to Little Tokyo, I felt difficulty to get seated into the chair. Many of my classmates also like the dumplings here, and you may have a try!I didn't try the food here, but came in one night after a toga party (fully dressed in a toga) with a group of friends to do some karaoke-ing.  The experience was marred by some hooligans who decided to vandalize our car while we were inside, but ignoring that fact, the manager and the staff were very friendly and accommodating to us, especially given that we were half naked.  The bar tender was particularly nice, offering us free shots.  I like the people here and would come back, though maybe not in my own car.This place gets the job done. 
Karaoke...3 stars. The equipment tends to have some issues, but the songs choice is decent. 
Sushi...4 stars. It's good, fresh and a variety. I had the causeway roll this time. Crab was crispy. Friend had the Katrina roll and it was decent. Edamame as expected. 
Service...4 stars. Waiter was attentive and checked on us often. 
Atmosphere...dirty. Stars shine so I can't give it one for this. Like really. I just kind of ignored it a bit because we were there to karaoke and have a bit of fun. 
I've been here a few times in the past and it's been about the same. 
Like I said...it gets the job done.It had to be the worst experience I've ever had to endure at a restaurant. Food was decent but the atmosphere was horrendous. The karaoke was OBNOXIOUSLY loud and they kept turning it up louder. We couldn't hear each other speak and we were right next to each other. The waiter forgot to bring us several things and we had to remind him multiple times of what we ordered. I'm never coming here again. If I were you, I'd pick any other sushi restaurant other than this one.I think there's a great value offered at Little Tokyo since I've been regularly dining at one of the two locations since moving here in 2007. This particular night I showed up for trivia only to be told it was cancelled. I wasn't that bummed to be honest because I was tired and starving. While I texted a contact to inquire the cancellation I asked the host for a menu because I wasn't going home empty handed. Less than ten minutes later I had a chocolate city roll and spicy corn ramen to go. The host was even so kind as to hold the door open for me as I exited! (Kudos to manners!) 
The ramen and roll split between two people was more than enough. We were full and happy and the flavors were great. The ramen priced at around $8 is fantastic as I was able to portion out a total of four servings! It did become saltier the next day so I added some water to cut back on the sodium despite my love of salt. (I would drink soy sauce if it wasn't considered so rude.)
I'll be back, I want to try karaoke. #bucketlistWhen one walks into a restaurant during a not-very-busy lunch hour (say, around 2:00 on a Saturday when the restaurant is about a third full), one has certain expectations. One does not expect to stand at the hostess station for a full five minutes while various staff members pass by studiously avoiding eye contact. After waiting, one does not expect for a waitress to yell across the room "Oh, just sit wherever you like". One expects there to be at least one table available that looks halfway clean. and if one can't find a clean table one should expect a staff member to come over and wipe it down within a reasonable amount of time, and/or drop off some menus and/or take a drink order.
When none of the above happens within the first 10-15 minutes of entering a restaurant, one has little choice but to get up and leave and find another place to eat. Which is what this one did during our most recent visit to the Little Tokyo in Riverbend (having had good experiences at the one in Mid-City; I assume they're related). So I can't comment on how good the food is, or isn't. With such abysmal service from the get-go, however, why bother sticking around?Dinky udon and all the rolls fall apart when you try and pick them up, came here by accident cus I thought I was calling the Midcity location, won't make the mistake againThis place is great!  I got the Tonkotsu Ramen noodles.  Delicious and perfectly spiced.  I consider myself a big eater and this bowl filled me up.  They were also on special for $5 a bowl.  I was here for an early dinner (5 pm) and the place was pretty empty.  This place is a little Japanese oasis right here in NOLA.Worst service! The waitress didn't even say a word except ordered our drink. 
We order ramen noodles. They are extremely SALTY!!! Too salty to swallow!!!
Will not come back ever again!!!!I'm often here a few times every other month, but it's not for the food or drinks. They open late so that's a plus since I'm a night owl. 
The staff is friendly and fun, they recommended me to a few items that I was unsure with. It's a old place to bring a few friends for drinks before heading out to a club or bar.I came here my first night in NOLA for some ramen with the boyfriend. I go the tonkotsu ramen, spice level 4/5, and he got the shoyu ramen, spice level 4/5. The soup came pretty quickly and the broth was great. Boyfriend loved the shoyu, and the tonkotsu was rich and creamy and spicy and delicious. The fish cakes were not the greatest, and the egg was boiled all the way through but cold in the middle. The noodles had virtually no texture. The serving of pork was generous and the meat was good. The only vegetables were bean sprouts and a few green onions. It would have been nice to have had a little more. Overall, the ramen seemed to have been put together from previously prepared ingredients and instant noodles, but the broth was delicious. The price was good and I was satisfied, I would come here again.
service was 4/5
did not use the bathroomSo good! Their Yaki Soba and Yaki Ramen are my two favorites.  You can have them deliver via Uber eats too!!Just no...i've been to Little Tokyo twice and had the Shoyu Ramen noodles both times.  My girlfriend tried the regular Ramen bowl on our last trip.  I thought the regular ramen was nothing special.  The broth had a slightly odd taste and did not seem to have been a miso base.  I liked the Shoyu ramen pretty well. I got it spicy, which I think actually takes some of the broth flavor out, and it mostly just takes like spice.  I liked the noodles inside and the pork pieces, etc.  The second time I got the same dish, I found it a lot more boring than the last time I'd had it.
Some of the dishes here look good. Friends have tried the rolls and sashimi and really enjoyed it.  Overall, I just haven't found the couple dishes I've tried so far to be particularly stellar.  You might want to try the Yaki Soba or Udon, which look good in the pictures on the menu.Little Tokyo is close to Xavier University, so I often go here with friends to enjoy a nice lunch ! They do great ramen here, and I do enjoy it a lot ! The squid balls and half and half squid and seaweed salad are great starters as well. I'm never unsatisfied here. I don't eat the sushi here much, so I don't have much to say. However, the Shoyu ramen is great and everything is great about it . A lot of noodles compared to the pork and egg they put in there, but other than that, it's great. The prices are good and affordable. I like the place a lot. Good place to go to after classes. Atmosphere is mostly quiet and peaceful around 11-12. Parking SUCKS though. Maybe enough for 5-6 cars in the back. You'd have to park near the bank next to Little Tokyo.I called today on Sunday . At 11:33 pm . 
This guy picked up the phone and I asked what time do they close to be sure . 
Anyways , so he picks up and I asked . 
He says " Oh we are actually closed now . " 
I asked " but on yelp it says you guys close at 2:00am ?" 
He answered " OH, On the site it says we close at 2am ?  I'm saying we close now!  " 
He was RUDE and DISRESPECTFUL.  
Did not even apologize that the site was either wrong or they were closing !  
Owners of Little Tokyo. Please keep your employees in check because this is NOT the first time it happened !Unbelievably terrible. Beef if you can call it that was over cooked and wretched. The sushi rolls are badly sized and the fish was inedible. Avoid this place like the plagueOrdered salmon hibachi rice and buffalo chicken to go. Now that I'm home, I see that I got hibachi rice but there is no salmon. At least I still have the buffalo chicken? 
I'm irritated, and  it's a huge hassle to walk 6 blocks and take the bus for 20 minutes, just to return it. Two stars only because Bella the bartender was awesome, and the food was really fast.  I guess that's a wrap for Little Tokyo. I'm going to finish my salmon-less hibachi rice now.We happened to pass by here and saw ramen on be sign. I'm a fan of gourmet ramen, so I wanted to try this place out. I had no idea what type of setting it was supposed to be. With a name like little Tokyo, I wasn't expecting a Rocky Horror Picture show type vibe. Between that type of music being played very loudly and the mtv playing on the tv, it was not a very relaxing meal for my taste. Very, very distracting. 
Apparently this is a college karaoke type place, so had I known that, my expectations would have been a little different before I walked in. 
Having said that, our server was very nice and helpful, and the ramen was actually very good. Just not my type of vibe when I am eating. 
I will go back to Little Tokyo for Ramen again, but probably not this location, since I don't live near this one anyway.When they first opened I frequented here once sometimes twice a week for their tonkotsu ramen, extra extra spicy.  Everytime i had a hankering for ramen, little Tokyo was my go to spot.  The employees were always friendly, albeit the turnover rate was high.  This last visit we showed up at 4 pm on a Sunday.  There was maybe only one customer at the bar and no one at the hostess stand.  The place had a few face lifts since my last visit and smelled strongly of cleaning products.  We sat ourselves after being directed by either a patron or an employee, wasn't sure.  It took about 10 minutes before menus were brought to us.  Right off the bat the waitress/bartender was extremely unfriendly and standoffish.  Not once did she crack a smile.  Simple questions was met with attitude and annoyance.  I was about to order a drink but then resisted after encountering her.  The ramen was paltry to what it used to be.  Not as nicely presented as it used to be and a lot less.  To say I was disappointed is an understatement.  I will be waiting to satiate my ramen cravings for when I travel outside the city next time.I tried going here last night but sat down and waited fifteen minutes. No server or menus arrived. The place didn't seem busy at all. Just poorly managed. 
Which would explain why I got approached by a guy that works there asking me if I wanted a job there and how they needed help. I was in my work uniform too just walking past going to subway.This place sucks!  I've been here twice in 7 months and both times were poor.  The beer is warm, the interior is old and weathered - it includes tons of hand written signs on what is an isn't allowed...  and the sushi chef is clearly not a sushi chef.  All in all, Little Tokyo needs to get it together or roll back to one and only one restaurant.
I WILL NOT GO BACK!If I could give this place a negative 5, I would do it. 
We have had a terrible experience 2 birthdays in a row because of rude and confused servers. We have been treated with disrespect that is unreasonable for a karaoke and mediocre sushi restaurant. They make their policies extremely confusing to cater to their servers. When we try to inquire about what we SHOULD do, they give us muddled responses that are demeaning. 
DO NOT GO HERE. FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO APPEASE YOUR SOUL'S NEED FOR MUSICAL EXPRESSION.What in the world is going on with this place? Used to be our neighborhood sushi place until about a year ago. I decided to give it another try today. I walk in with my son and some greasy, blue-haired, dirty-clothes woman seems annoyed we wanna eat there. We sit down, and there's two other tables of people in the entire place, yet, after 5 minutes no one greeted us, offered us menus, or took our drink order. The greasy woman was walking around doing nothing, and another greasy/dirty chick was sitting behind the register desk .  I was disgusted just thinking of the possibility of either of these females being inches from my food. So we got up and left. Never going back there again. Just GROSS!!The service is terrible, Terrible, TERRIBLE. A large group of friend came here on a late Wednesday night and the place was damn near empty. You would think that would make it easier on the server to serve a large party. Not. 
The food came out slow and at very different times so our group of 7 did not eat together. The food was mediocre but NOTHING compared to other sushi I've had in NOLA. What you really come here for is karaoke so beware you must spend an average of $10 per person to sing.
The best part is this, they don't do separate checks so I spent around 20 minutes figuring the bill for our group. You can only use up to four cards on one bill as well. So our group used cash and 3 cards. I wrote down exactly how much to charge each card on the receipt and spelled it out very clearly to the server. He comes back and says he "accidentally" charged the last card $86... Our bill was 137 and there was over $50 in cash and two other card. The server says he will void it and charge the appropriate amount. He then comes back and hands the receipt to be signed and it still says $86.. So we have been charged incorrectly TWICE and the server is apologetic but this is all REALLY unnecessary. The server comes back finally and gets it right but mind you we have paid a mandatory 18% gratuity for subpar sushi and service. WILL NOT BE RETURNING.Squid steak came out first in brown looking liquid and being quite cold. They took it back and "fixed" it by I guess dumping the liquid and trying to make it look like it. Udon was bland as a mtfer. I thought it's suppose to be white rice but it came out yellow. And the lunch special chicken teriyaki was not as good as I hoped. The rice was soaked in teriyaki sauce. Not good. And there were a couple ants on the table.Available on uber eats and hit the spot on a craving.
The ramen noodles are tolerable and the broth was pretty tasty at the mid spicey level. The broth and such comes in a 32oz styrofoam cup with the noodles on the side. It worked and was still warm when it got to me so that was a plus.
Got some California rolls that were alright, can't beat the price at $4. Ordered spicey mayo to go with it and it came in a little cute container. 
Pan seared dumplings were ok, but nothing special.This use to be my favorite hibachi, it's no longer a hibachi, the chicken rice was horrible and gummy. The tempura was average and the teriyaki was just a waste, it was a thinly slice of chicken breast with room temperature teriyaki sauce poured on top. The sushi was the same but I doubt I'll back.My friends and I have been dining here since (around) our senior year of HS (2010) and my only complaint back then was the loud, mainstream music that would blare throughout the entire main dining hall, which made it impossible to hold a conversation over. But the ramen was bitchin so it was worth it. 
The last 3 or 4 times I've tried to go were just awful. Especially the last time. I stood at the host stand for 10 minutes, nobody showed (and it's definitely not seat yourself) so I had to ask the bartender to seat us and tell the server he had a table. After that, we sat there for about 20 minutes, in the middle of the restaurant in clear site of everyone working, without any service. This all happened at around 8pm, so no need to think "oh maybe it was right before closing" logic. They closed at 2am that night.
I remember a time before that, there were three of us and they told us they couldn't split checks so we gave them two credit cards and asked, "can you split it down the middle?" and our server refused, said "nah bruh just one card." Ummm. That seriously makes no sense. Especially considering we've had split checks every time before then. Not to mention he didn't say a word to us after ordering our food. He stood in the corner playing on his phone as our drinks remained empty to the ice until our food was ready. When it finally was, he just dropped off our plates without saying which rolls were what and scurried off to hide in the corner and play on his phone again. 
This place is a joke.This place is great for take-outs.  
The Udon soup & Roll combo is always what i go for.  It's usually ready in about 15 minutes on the dot.  I always show up exactly when they say to (I live right down the street) and I've never had my order not  ready when I'd arrive to pick it up.I think this is the only good Little Tokyo out of all their locations. The rolls especially the noodles are the best and only this location has the Tonkotsu noodle. It's also one of a few restaurant that open really late 2 am in the area with karaokeGreat service but the food was just OK.
Tonkatsu Ramen - Chasu pork was good, but the broth tasted like coconut which was odd.
Curry Nachos - Jalapeños tastes straight out of the can.
Willow Roll - Best part of the meal as it was deep fried.
Maybe it's the best NOLA has to offer, but in Cali we have way more ramen joints to try out like Santouka and Ramadaya.This place is awesome. We have so much fun every time we go. The food and drinks are very reasonably priced, especially for what you get. Most of the menu is really great, and the servers and bartender have always steered me in the right direction. Karaoke is what makes this place our go to spot most of the time. They have rooms you can rent, which I would suggest, but if you're feeling gutsy they have it in the front as well. The atmosphere is pretty laid back, music is always on point, and we love that they're open until 2 (food until 1 am!)Didn't want to believe all the negative reviews but, LE SIGH, it is true. Little Tokyo is beyond awful. 
The food was very mediocre, sushi, did not look fresh, the servers looked beyond pissed off to be at work (the girl in the stripped shirt and shorts with the Dansko shoes look agitated every time she was seated). Not to mention the bartender and manager were eating at the bar right near the bottles of alcohol and glasses.
The only highlight was Jennifer! (kudos to her, she was awesome!)When I was taking order on the phone, the guy hold my call and kept me waiting for two times with no reason. I give up ordering in the end. Only can say that the service is quite poor.Big fan of this place. The food is good- love the tuna tar tar, hibachi rice, ramen, and many of the rolls. The mixed drinks are pretty bad so I stick to sake and sapporo when I am there. The prices are really good and the atmosphere is what it needs to be. The best part is the KARAOKE!! Whether you are in a private room or there on the main stage after 9, the karaoke is always a blast (except for when a bunch of drunk Tulane girls take over the stage).
I go with friends a lot and get a small private room. The service is usually pretty good and if you eat and drink enough there is no charge for the room- bonus! There are really funny "sexy" lady beach videos that play behind the words on the screen in the private karaoke rooms. So so funny.
I have been to and had a birthday party there. I recommend going there on a weekend to check it out!While the other Little Tokyo locations are more restaurant oriented, this location seems to focus more on the bar/karaoke aspect with its limited menus for food. It's not bad if you are in the area or specifically want to do karaoke, but if you are looking for sushi/ramen, there are better options out there. But the food isn't bad, and it isn't outrageously expensive, so grab a couple of small plates if you are there to do some singing. Which, by the way, you have to-- $10/person on average needs to be spent to be allowed to do karaoke in the main dining room. I am not sure what the rates are for the private karaoke. 
Some of the items that I have had here that are solid are: 
- Spicy Edamame
- Tuna Tartare 
- Yaki Udon
- Cucumber Seafood Salad
I haven't gotten too into the rolls because most of them are loaded with snowcrab, tempura, and sauces, while I prefer more plain fish and veggie based rolls. But I have had friends that have ordered the rolls and enjoyed them.  The Tokyo Salad Wrap is pretty refreshing if you order it with a side of ponzu sauce. 
I've seen a few people here comment on the service. I haven't had a bad experience with the service, but most of the times I have come here, I have sat at the bar. Service isn't out of this world, but it isn't bad. Though, the last time I was there, it did look like there are some staffing issues. The bartender was running around trying to serve all the people at the bar, make drinks for tables, run karaoke, and help wait/buss tables on the floor. Seemed like a lot for one person to handle.Honestly, I keep coming here because it's the only place that serves ramen uptown. I loooove tonkatsu (pork) ramen. And they make it good here. Everything else - eeeeeeeh. 
Service is bad. Like really bad even when they are not busy. Forgot drinks and food orders, they bring out food to different people one at a time - I tend to eat here in groups or by myself. Because of the damn noodles. And if you're in a group of four they automatically throw on grat (18% which made me cock my eyebrow).
The small plates are all right, usually deep fried something or other, covered in sauce. The sushi is okay - it suffers from sushi buffet seaweed and rice - something about the quality is just not right and you can taste it. 
The Karaoke rooms look like fun, but damn if you're just here to eat you can hear some of the worst voices in New Orleans in this place. You'll walk in remembering New Orleans was a cultural beacon of music and then walk out wishing you were deaf.
A huge highlight - the alcohol is cheap, they have a daily drink specials and sake bombs and it's open LATE. I caught this place open at 1 am on a tuesday. Kudos to that.The food was really great. It was a great atmosphere and some of the best sushi I've had in a while. The only thing I didn't like was the attitude of the waitress. We were paying and we were talking to her about splitting up our bill. As she was counting, she looked up at us and said "I don't mean to sound rude, but are you really not going to tip me on a $70 dollar bill?" We had never said we weren't tipping her and we had already left her tip on the table. Aside from the waitress, everything was great.I've been here several times. The food is great but they always get my order wrong, every single time. They have also charged me two different prices even though I order the exact same thing EACH TIME. Also, many of the employees there specifically the women have major attitudes. I won't be going there again.