Very disappointed. Server was moody and unhelpful when asked for recommendations.  Brought a side to me then came back and said it was a mistake. Took it back and seemingly served it to the next table.Our waitress was an older woman who was quite rude. She was very short with us for no reason at all. She also didn't ask to refill our drinks that had been empty for a while until we were ready for the check.
The prices were unusually high. $16 for a shrimp poboy. Teh onion rings were fried very well, nice and crispy, but there appeared to be no seasoning in the breading. My poboy was mediocre, not bad, but I've had much better elsewhere for much less money. The bread was also toasted and slightly hard, which I found odd for a poboy.
I'm a New Orleans native and was my first time coming here. Overall I was disappointed.I still like it for its unapologetic quirkiness but don't come here expecting anything great. Fried pickles were probably the best I've had and my husband's fried shrimp were good. My oyster remoulade was so drenched in sauce that I could only guess that they were once crispy when they emerged from the fryer. A friend's lasagna looked mediocre, as did an alfredo. The Bushwacker, which I've long wanted to try, is now crossed off my bucket list. If you want a huge, semi-frozen dessert, go for it. If you're looking for an adult beverage, skip it.  I'd stick with fried seafood and large beers here.We enjoyed this place soooo much. The gumbo was loaded with meat and seafood and the roux was off the box. We ordered the half meat ball and Italian sausage meal and I have to say, the red gravy sauce was the best we have had in New Orleans. We've been to a lot of Italian places and all are very good, but we like this dark red gravy. We also had the Frenchuletta. Enjoyed this sandwich so much. We will be back very soon.My friends and I came here straight after the gym, starving! We were very impressed. The beers are HUGE and cold. The chicken alfredo is some of the best I've ever tasted. The spicy jambalaya isn't necessarily spicy but it hit the spot for sure. Highly recommend. The service is also very quick and friendly.Servers are brutally honest and there to deliver you the food from the kitchen...that is it.  Red gravy thick and has a fire roasted taste.  The beer is cold in a big glass best part of the dinner.What a great meal we had Saturday night at Liuzza's.  Every dish was prepared to perfection.  I had the best meatballs ever!  Salads, pastas, lasagna and of course a round of frozen Bushwhackers made for a dinner to remember.I could lose the fluorescent lights...and that's the only less than stellar thing I gotta say about Liuzza's. 
I'm one of those women who don't feel uncomfortable dining by themselves. And while I was in town for a conference last week, Liuzza's was the perfect place to sit down by myself, order a HUMONGOUS and deliciously cold beer (Abita's!) and write some postcards while I waited for my gumbo and 1/2 oyster po' boy sandwich. 
Aahh. I made myself drool. 
The service was very friendly; I even got directions to my next stop in town as well as caring (and not nosy) advice about staying safe at night as a single traveler. 
If I never step foot on Bourbon Street again, my life would still be complete, but I definitely need to be going back to Liuzza's.Highly recommended! We stopped at Liuzza's as part of a bike tour and split plates of gumbo and the bbq shrimp po-boy. The gumbo was the thin dark roux variety with really nice pieces of andouille sausage in every bite. I'm still thinking about the tender bbq shrimp swimming in a butter sauce on that bread. Aaaugghh (sorry, that's the sound of me moaning and drooling at the same time). This is the kind of messy po-boy you need to eat with a fork. 
Plain exterior, plain interior like many neighborhood restaurants in NOLA.There are a lot of great restraurants in New Orleans but when I travel, I love to get some local flavor. Had a local taking us around on a very humid day when we decided we needed some food. He said he had the perfect palce and he did. First off, the huge ice cold goblets of Abita were just what the doctor ordered. Our friend recommended the "frenchelatta" so we bought two and split them six ways as an appetizer - outstanding. The gumbo and po boys were good but the lasagna seemed a little flat. It is like eating in someone's old kitchen and made for a relaxed and good time. Wait staff is very friendly. Very important - they only take cash. Probably more like 3-1/2 stars but that beer was sooo cold and cheap that I am going to round up.DISGUSTING!  Why? Why did we see ANY good reviews of this place??? NOTHING redeemable. I'm a laid back girl who likes anything from a good pub, dive bar, friendly neighborhood hang, fine dining.. I like it all! This place was a HUGE disappointment though! I read numerous reviews on how great the food was and how fun the atmosphere was..  When we arrived for lunch on a Saturday- crickets could be heard. We chose to sit in the bar area hoping it would become lively. The wait staff was moping around and complaining about how they couldn't wait to get off work. Our particular waitress was especially unpleasant. She threw the menus at us & acted pissed we were even there. We ordered the fried green tomato poboy with shrimp remoulade & the eggplant poboy with gravy. Also, a cold beer. When the food arrived, the fried eggplant from one poboy & the fried green tomatoes from the other were a dark gray color. It became very apparent after the first bite how old the grease was they had cooked the food in. We could hardly stomach it. Unfortunately, we both had the pleasure of not being able to rid ourselves of that disgusting taste all day. The shrimp was obviously the small frozen cocktail ones you buy in the frozen section of the grocery. The gravy was not even on the eggplant poboy.  We had a hard time even getting the waitress to come give us our check. I almost walked out. In the hour we were there- few people came in & certainly no happiness or fun was being had by anyone. Of all the wonderful places to go in the city- I think I will stay far far away from this horrid place. The place is also supposively known for their beer. What can I say about the beer? It was cold & was beer... big whoopWhen I've visited Liuzza's in the past, it was usually for the weeknight steak special, which is terrific! Add a frozen mudslide in a frosted glass, and it's a great evening!
This time was kind of a bummer. I got the catfish special, which came with macaroni and cheese, green beans, salad and garlic bread. When I got the bill, that entree was $13.75. However there was a catfish plate on the regular menu for $12, so I don't know what was so special about the special that made it $1.75 more than the regular plate.
The catfish was a giant, thick-cut fried filet. It was fried well, but served on a piece of Romaine lettuce. I guess the thinking is that the lettuce will soak up the excess grease, but all it did was make the entire underside of my fish extremely soggy and inedible.
The macaroni and cheese was okay, I find that when that dish is made with large penne or ziti, it can sometimes be less flavorful than if elbow macaroni or angel hair is used. It was simply okay, not delicious.
Green beans were the long, bright green, squeaky kind. Seemed to be steamed and not smothered.
Instead of a salad I asked for coleslaw. It was lukewarm and mushy - not crunchy at all. It didn't taste old or off, but the lack of crunch was very off-putting.
The service was great, the waitress was efficient and unobtrusive.I'd never been before but with roughly 14 hole in the wall poboy restaurants per person in New Orleans that's hardly surprising.  
All the food was what a table full of people who'd grown up in New Orleans expected, plus you get your beer in an 18 ounce frosted goblet that kinda makes you feel like Charlemagne on a bender.Cash only. Kind of pricey but that's the case with a lot of family-owned businesses.Stopped here for a bite after hitting the driving range at City Park. We were there at about 11:40. By 12, the place was packed. Food is perfect for a lunch place, but nothing amazing or spectacular. My mom was very pleased with the amount of shrimp in the gumbo. We started with fried pickles, but the waitress delivered them at the same time as the entrees. They were perfectly adequate. Oyster po-boy my dad had looked great. My shrimp and artichoke soup came with a skin on top which made me wonder how long it had sat under the lights, but the flavor was good. If you're in the area, I would recommend a stop in, but not really worth the trip on its own. Go to the neighborhood spot where you already are.My favorite casual place.  Frosted schooners, seafood, and Italian dishes. Never disappoints. Onion rings are a must.I was pretty torn between giving this place three and four stars, but I think I'm gonna go with a strong three.
My dad and I came here for his birthday lunch. It was pretty packed when we dropped in around one, so we weren't quick to complain when a waitress guided us to a small table in a corner. The waiter was nice and although it was packed, he was fairly attentive most of the time. We sat at the cramped corner table for a while, and after the place cleared out, we were "allowed" to move to a bigger table. Yippee!
Looking over the menu, everything seemed like pretty "typical" New Orleans food that you would expect from a place like this. Since it seems that I am always getting the fried oyster platter, I decided to mix things up and get the red beans and rice with some hot sausage. 
As I waited for my entree, I decided to try a pile of Liuzza's "famous" onion rings. These onion rings are supposed to be the best in the city. They weren't bad, but I wouldn't sit here and say they are the best. They needed a little salt and hot sauce to get them going, but they had a nice crunch to them. I do tend to prefer the rings at Felix's, however.
My red beans and hot sausage came out and it was pretty good. The dish had good flavor and I didn't have to add any additional spice to it. My dad got the fried pork chops, and although they looked big, he later mentioned that they were pretty thin and there was a lot of batter on them.
Liuzza's wasn't a bad experience. I don't know if I would rush back, but for lunch it's a decent choice.Sucked. I've heard numerous reviews of this place until this disappointing first attempt. Sorry rude staff and soggy seafood. I'm not sure what was worse the employees attitudes or the sub par seafood.No no no! No seasoning bland.  No flavor. No service. Three strikes for sure. If this is old New Orleans you can keep it. Everything tastes end like a greasy mess that needed salt. It's a shame my mom used to bring the family there and I remember it was good. At least I have those memories but they have my 50$ that we didn't eat half. Sever clueless.  So many other places to spend you cash give this place a pass and maybe we will get a good spot in that area. Bevi is a help!This place is still a special place for me. I am 42 now and remember my parents bringing me here as a kid. But food is not the same over the years. Food is just ok. Will keep going for the beerAfter living in New Orleans for eight years, moving away and returning for a day trip, my husband and I decided to try out Liuzza's. He'd heard many good things, and I'd always been curious about their fare. The staff was really friendly when we arrived and their dining room moderately filled, which was great for three in the afternoon. I opted for the veal Parmesan with side salad and remoulade dressing. The dressing was really good and made the salad the best part of the meal. The veal was chewy and flavorless, relying on the red sauce for taste.  This was most unfortunate because the sauce tasted very overdone and bitter without much flavor from spices. When my husband asked my opinion, I told him I wasn't going to "Frasier" the meal, which is our term for being overly picky, because it was at least edible even if it wasn't palatable. He said he felt the same about his shrimp Alfredo. I don't care for shrimp in general, but even less so when the person preparing the shrimp fails to remove the dorsal nerve. All of his shrimp had the black nerve present, which utterly grossed me out, so I skipped trying them, but I did taste the noodles with the Alfredo. I've never tasted a cream sauce with such a gritty mouth feel. We sat there waiting for ten minutes or so before we were able to get the waiter's attention so that we could pay and leave. Definitely wasn't worth the almost fifty dollars we spent.One of my favorite places in this city! This place is frequented by my family on Friday nights. It's where we go to get our Friday night seafood fix, and it is so good and always consistent. Old school New Orleans style in this joint! Love the seafood gumbo and I'm pretty picky about gumbo. Really good Italian food too, love the eggplant parm.Great place.Service was zgreat and the food was so DELICIOUS. The Restaurant  was clean n comfortable.  The entire staff were courteous and very accommodating.Great spot of the beaten path! Great bloody Mary's and po boys! The gumbo was good but too brothy, but will give it another chance!!Stopped here for a drink while we were waiting for our table at Katie's for Sunday brunch.  
They serve bushwackers which are refreshing and delicious and come in a huge fishbowl.  
The bartender was very friendly and it was easy to get a drink.
The Saints game was also on while we were there so it was good to just sit at the bar and watch or enojy the nice day on the picnic table outside.Everyone has to eat here at least one time.  I have been eating here for about 15 years.  It feels like going to someone's house for dinner.  Make sure you try the fried pickles as an appetizer.The best mufellatta I've ever had....ok i'll give it to you frenchellatta and it was a recommendation from a friend.  The coldest beer in town and great service.  I went here on Saints game day and everyone was in their jersey.  Outstanding!Burgers are terrible. Fried green tomatoes left much to be desired. The Italian salad was great. Cash only? This long after Katrina? Smells fishy to IRS.$12 for a mid-length po boy with bread stale enough to make croutons with. Unacceptable. I hope this was an isolated event. Service was polite otherwise would be one.Great place for Italian in Mid City. The waitstaff is typical Mid City "characters" aka yats and always friendly.  Food is always good.  Ir recommend the meatballsI had not been to Liuzza's in years, but was so glad to go back on Saturday night.  Our service was very good and so was the food.  I had the fried chicken and Caesar salad and it was just right.  The best part of all was the bushwhacker and the big frozen beers!Stopped by on Labor Day Sunday for a late lunch/early dinner. I don't normally eat onion rings, but my wife convinced me that they were worth ordering. Oh, boy was she right, they were the most crunchy, crispy, light, non-greasy rings I've ever had. The coating on the rings is different to most other places, and sticks to the onion, which good coatings should do. Wonderful.
I had the catfish po-boy and my wife had the shrimp po-boy. Mine, had a very large catfish fillet and was seasoned perfectly, and is one of the best catfish po-boys I've had in a long time. Again, my wife's shrimp were cooked and seasoned perfectly, and she would gladly go back and order it again.
Service was prompt and friendly.
They've recently started to accept credit cards. Yay!This was my fault more than anything. I know better... Don't order red sauce at these places! I read the description and it sounded good. Maybe this time it would be different. I guess maybe it was. It was worse than the others! The sauce is not even really red. It was brown, burnt, ill seasoned and all around bad. The gumbo was just ok. The salad dressing was straight from the Sysco bottle to the table and the veal was a greasy mess. The server was super nice and it has a traditional New Orleans feel. Maybe go for a cold beer and try some onion rings or something other than what we had!This place is WAY over-rated, mostly by locals who don't seem to eat anywhere else or by tourists who don't know any better.  OK - is isn't the worst place - but for New Orleans neighborhood food it's way too expensive considering that the food is barely average, over hyped and over priced.  I've eaten there twice and each time the food was ho-hum but the bill was really steep.
You want a great po-boy?  Go to Parkway or Crabby Jack's.  Want great neighborhood creole cuisine?  Try Matt n Nadies or Ignatius, or Liuzza's by the Track (which is not at all related to this restaurant).  OK, the big frosted mug of Abita is cool.  But you can get Abita anywhere.My favorite gumbo (besides my aunt's) is at Liuzza's. Fun to go early and eat with the neighborhood elders.  Everyone's so friendly. Great big goblets for beer. Life doesn't get much better...This used to be my go to place to take friends from out of town. Ate lunch there on 03 Feb 18, and it was average at best.
I'll give it to them  that the beer was cold as always.....Draw Two....but the roast beef poboy was dry & not near what I remember it.
Fried pickles, 3 Po boys, two cups of soup and 6 beers and the bill was $105. So not only did the food quality decline, the prices increased.
I'm guessing it's new ownership.Red sauce seasoned to perfection. I've been searching to rediscover this style since I was a kid. Arincini new to the menu and its a keeper! The starter salad is genuine Italian, underscore genuine. Everything here is all local, all authentic, and ALL GOOD!I came here with a group of 10 on a random weekend when I was in town for a convention.  I don't know how they found this place but we did and it was quite the adventure.  It was kind of a blur getting here but I believe we took the public transportation which dropped us off about 3-4 blocks away and a quick walk through the neighborhood and we were here.  Not being from here, I thought it was a cool adventure. 
On to the food.  I asked for something that I thought would sort of represent the area and was suggested to try the fried oysters, shrimp and red beans and rice.   The waitress was very pleasant and had a thick New Orleans accent.  I thought that was cool.  Anyway, the food was good.  To me it was standard fried fare with the red beans standing out quite nicely.  That is not something we have on the West Coast (except at Popeye's).  So compared to what I've had, I thought it was phenomenal.  I couldn't complain.  
I thought the decor was charming and local, and being a tourist.  I really enjoyed this place...the journey to get here, the interactions with the wait staff, and the food. 
All in all it was a very enjoyable evening.  It's took bad it is kind of off the beaten path, because I really think most tourists would enjoy this place for everything it is.Great food, casual atmosphere. Close enough to carrollon streetcar to walk and plenty of on stree parking.  Drinks are served in huge chilled glasses. Menu is a mixture of classic new orleans, Italian and Cajun.  Fried pickles are fried perfectly as is the eggplant. Coleslaw is great. My favorite is the Eggplant St John and the Crawfish Telemachus. Can get super busy at lunch.  Good locals spot. Usually a table of NOPD eating on their break.
CASH ONLY. There is an ATM up front.My husband took the family to a Italian restaurant for the first time. Love love this place. The food was out of this world!!!!!Poor service, bad food. Very disappointed as this place used to be great. How do you mess up Chicken Parm with Pasta? Well they did it!This is one of my favorite restaurants sometimes I forget how much I love this place. It ialways has great service and fantastic seafood. Get the shrimp poboy, gumbo and a bushwhacker. The end. The only negative is this place is cash only. There is an atm inside though. Right when you walk in, you walk past a fully stcked bar. Then make your way into the larger dinning area. This is one of those quintasential New Orleans restaurant. Love.Cash only. Delicious homemade mac & cheese!  The stuffed crab was amazing! The triple chocolate cake was delicious!!Good food, great prices and service. Anytime a restaurant is in business for over 60 years they are doing something right!!Great local spot - makes you feel like a New Orleans native. Very busy. Food is heavy. Great fried green tomatoes and triple chocolate cake. ATM in the bar. Lots of fun.The staff here are friendly.  The food is good, and the Bushwhacker drink is what I come here for after I am done with work.  I come here whenever I come to New Orleans.Another of those places that I couldn't believe I hadn't reviewed. And then I considered how long it had been since I stepped inside....
Old school Sicilian-seafood restaurant which was a staple of my childhood in New Orleans. The menu has beaucoup fried seafood and many Italian staples. 
I do have to ask why do I torture myself by ordering salads in places like this. But they were offering a roasted beet salad as a special. It was fine...just no special.  Although I bet the Caesar is solid and you can get it with or without anchovies. I also had fettuccine Alfredo, all garlic and delicious cheese. I had actually ordered a side but ended up with a full serving. I ate that fettuccine for 2 more meals! And we did start with onion rings which were perfectly fried. The group I was with ordered a variety of items from fried oysters to the eggplant to porkchops and pasta. 
Solid old school NOLA place.Not the Liuzza's I remember! It's sad when you go out to dinner and it's premade and heated in a microwave.
The chicken parmesan was over-salted, steaming hot and dry. The classic lasagna was very hot in spots and cold in others ~ a classic characteristic of microwaved food. 
The beer wasn't in a frozen mug. Chilled, yes. But no way near frozen. 
The waitstaff wasn't attentive. They were sitting and chatting at a table near us. Never came to check to see how everything was. 
This is not the Liuzza's it used to be. I have to put it in the "ain't dere no more" category. Sadly, we won't be returning.I had a marvelous lunch today. Coleslaw is like homemade. The oysters were de-lish!!!can't wait until I can return.I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars but just for the kitschy factor, I'm rounding up.  I had a pretty decent shrimp po-boy here, nothing stellar but solid.  I also had some shrimpy-creamy soup that is probably made from really nasty stuff and my spoon almost stood up straight in it but I still liked it.
After the recent episode of Treme, in which the Frenchuletta is featured, I had to go get one.  Yesterday afternoon, I ran the longest run I've ever run outside and I was pretty famished so I figured it was a good time to try it.
At first, I was in awe, it was massive! I lifted away the cheese-coagulated paper with the same anticipation I imagine that one would peel away a veil from their beloved's face. I initially was pretty pleased, although I prefer seeded bread like the original. Then, about 1/3 of the way through, I checked out the meats, which was a mistake. It looked like all ham (that water-logged, pre-formed kind) and some wanna-be salami, no capicola to be seen. All evening I felt kinda queasy and I am not averse to greasy and heavy but I won't be back for this one. On the plus side, I could probably make three meals out of it.I love this place... It's tiny, close to my house and the food is great. My only issue is that it's cash only, but it kind of adds to the old school, down home vibe it has going on. Try the fried green tomato poboy. You won't be sorry.I love Liuzza's because of & despite its quirks.
Good quirks: Amazing fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade. I prefer the appetizer version instead of the poboy - the bread just seems unneccesary. Frosty cold schooners of Abita. Friendly, neighborhoody vibe that is authentic old school New Orleans. 
Bad quirks: Cash only. And this isn't a cheap place, so come prepared with plenty of bills. Also, because Liuzza's falls into the peculiar category of New Orleans restaurants that specialize in Italian & seafood, keep in mind that their best offerings will probably be deep fried - don't go for the coleslaw, salads, or fresh vegetables. 
This place has character, history, and amazing fried green tomatoes.I went to Liuzza's with a group of people I was working with on the recommendation of the designated local on our team. He talked up the Frenchuletta quite a bit before getting there and so naturally I had to try it and boy was I happy I did. This sandwich was gigantic and the flavor of it was amazing. I am not normally a fan of olives but the olive salad on it was delicious. 
The place is definitely a local joint, away from the touristy downtown attractions and its a good change of pace. It's a small hole in the wall kind of place which is nice but it also means that inside it's tiny. I practically ended up sitting in the hallway to the bathroom. Also agree with t k that the losing the fluorescent lights would go a long way. 
I didn't talk myself into it, but the frozen fish bowls of beer (okay not fish bowls but they are huge) for $3.25 was quite a bargain.Just an FYI that the food here is still as good as ever. The gumbo actually is better than ever. I went with 2 friends for lunch and we all got the half po-boy and gumbo and we all loved our choice. The gumbo had a great roux, stock and lots of chicken and shrimp.  And of course we started off with the best onion rings in NOLA. You can't go wrong here.Great food!  I had grilled catfish, spinach, coleslaw and some garlic bread!  All yummy!  My dining partner had a fried oyster po boy that looked awesome! Nice service, very casual restaurant!  I would love to go back and try more items on the menu!Distinctly underwhelming. Most of the food tasted like it had been previously frozen.My roommate and I needed a real sit down lunch today - as all the Mardi Gras drinking has begun to catch up with us.  He said he had always wanted to try this place - and I agreed because I had no better option.  
You walk into a typical bar area and are then pointed toward a hostess station.  Nice lady - who simply pointed to the only available table and left us to get across the crowded restaurant on our own.  Simple square table with a simple plastic table"cloth" in a crowded corner of the room by the bathroom.  The tables really are packed in there.
Our waitress was very nice.  Unfortunately, I did not catch her name.  The menu is crowded and really difficult to read.  The options are lacking really in the area of descriptions.
We, accidentally, ordered the same thing.  Crawfish Telemachus.  Side note: I really hate to do that, but what can you do.  She walked away when I noticed Oyster Rockefeller Bisque as the soup special.  So I had to add that.
First - salad.  Ranch dressing is too thick - like the consistency of mayonnaise.  The salad was all the thick pieces of iceberg lettuce that I hate.  
Second - Oyster Bisque.  Decent - but I know that somewhere in this food paradise of New Orleans there is a much better version.  It was a little on the thin side, with only two fried oysters on the top.  
Third - Crawfish Telemachus.  There was a good amount of crawfish in the sauce.  We were worried at first that it would be lacking.  The sauce was very good.  I added a little kick with some Crystal Hot Sauce and then it was really enjoyable.  Plus, there was so much that I have leftovers for when I stumble back in after a parade.
My biggest qualm with the experience is the fact that I paid $1.75 for unsweet tea.  No indeed.
So, will I be going back?  I'm probably not going to offer it up as a suggestion when my peeps are trying to figure out where to eat.  But I also will not refuse it if they really want to go.Holy cow was this place awful. Me and 4 others (with a kid) came in around 7:20 and told the wait wouldn't be long. We were seated about 15 minutes after that. Pretty much the second our butts hit the chair they took our drink orders. We literally just sat down, but ok. This place is cash only so one of us went to the ATM to take out $60 but only got $40...went back for the rest later but the ATM couldn't dispense it because it ran out? Weird. The lady came back again after 10 minutes but a couple of us weren't ready and said we only needed a couple of minutes with a strong hint to come back soon. Probably about 15 minutes later, she came to take our orders and told us in a nice but firm way to decide before she has to 
leave us again. This now puts us at 8:00pm. 
By 9pm, we were looking at all of the plates going up at the kitchen so longingly that a guy, who we assumed was the owner, came over and told us that he'd check on our food. We were next in line. Great. 
We got our food around 9:10 and had we not been completely starving, we would've noticed that the food was pretty terrible. I'm convinced that the fettuccini Alfredo is just garlic, the pasta with white sauce is just...cream? At least the poboys looked good. 
We are here because Venezia's was an hour plus wait but had we put in our names when we arrived it would've taken less time to have our food get to us. 
I'll give the food a 2 and the service a 1.We came in to order to go so we could bring it back over to St. Margaret's.  
It took an hour to get our food. 
The pasta was gummy and cold. Catfish was delicious. Bartender was nice and efficient, hostess and manager not so much. Meatballs were delicious.Let me just say that I used to love Liuzza's. When my kids went to Jesuit and had an early day, I would bring them and their friends to Liuzza's for lunch. Lately, other than the beer and root beer in frozen mugs, Liuzaa's has lost their touch. The potato salad used to be fantastic--now, just so, so. My favorite thing used to be the stuffed artichoke. On my last visit, it was completely burned on the bottom, the leaves were so stiff that it was inedible, and I did something I never do. I sent it back. Liuzza's has been on my "restaurant timeout" list for quite sometime. I know there was death and illness in this family in the past few years. I hope that this once well-loved restaurant can come back strong. New Orleans depends on places like this to keep us going.This is one of those NOLA neighborhood restaurants from a past era. The food is Italian, Creole and very good. They do a good po-boy and have the draft beer in a frozen fishbowl mug to wash it down.The fettuccine was good, but the chicken parm, not so much. With a party of five, the server would not do the math for us to pay individually for our food and hangovers and math don't go together. She repeatedly told us to tell her how much on each card before walking away. I want to pay for my food plus your tax rate. It is not the customer's job to make a check.Still searching for a spot to get good seafood with good service in Midcity, I recently tried Liuzza's.  After spending way too much time trying to decipher the incomprehensible menu (chose a typeface, font size and justification, for the love of God!), my roommate and I decided to start with a heap of onion rings -- which were well cut and well fried, though dip-less and completely unseasoned. Come time to order our entrees, having a hankerin', I opted for the fried catfish plate.  The waitress told me to choose a side, so I took out my Rosetta stone and had anther look at the menu.  From the jumbled list of sides I picked jambalaya. My catfish was battered in the same floury, spice-less batter as the onion rings (my hankerin' was hoping for a good, crisp cornmeal dredge).  The filets were perfectly cooked but almost inedibly bland until I tracked down a waitress and asked for some Tony's.  After dusting it generously with seasoning salt, it was actually pretty good!  Leading me to wonder... How is it that a New Orleans neighborhood "institution" doesn't know how to season fish??  I could have forgiven the rest, but  when our handwritten, chicken scratch (utterly indecipherable) bill came, we learned that the mushy side of jambalaya that I barely touched was an additional $4.  If the menu were legible and I had known that, I would have gotten something else. Adding all that to halfhearted service that toed the line of being outright terrible and the fact that credit cards aren't accepted and there is a $2.50 surcharge at the ATM, I don't see any reason to ever return to Liuzza's, even in the most dire Midcity seafood pinch.My parents and grandparents used to eat here but I've never been.  Small neighborhood place with about 15 tables.  Read previous reviews which were much harsher than TA so we were eating here more out of tradition with expectations not too high.  Stuck to what was recommended in reviews and was very pleased with our choices:  ICE COLD BEER to start.  Seafood Napoleon appetizer (a delicious creation of fried eggplant layered between fried oysters and shrimp in cream sauce).  Onion rings, panneed pork chop, Frenchalatta (split) for dinner.  Unfortunately no room for dessert.  Not sure about the bad reviews.  Saw many people eating the dishes that had been panned and all seemed to be enjoying what they had.  We sure did.  Thanks Danielle!This is one of my favorite places in New Orleans. A classic neighborhood place. They have a very small bar -- I mean it's a complete bar, but the actual bar isn't very long, maybe eight bar stools. (They make, among other things, a "chocolate city martini".)
The restaurant part is also relatively small, but with a friendly atmosphere. The loud-mouthed waitresses yell your drink orders to the barmaid. Lots of fried food, lots of pasta, lots of seafood. Nothing stands out as excellent; it's just an easy-going place. A little on the noisy side, but not enough to keep me away.
One of the main attractions for me has always been the fact that just about anything you order to drink comes in a humongous frosted goblet, like a fish bowl almost. Whether it's draft beer (preferably Abita) or Barq's or iced tea, it doesn't matter.
Ample on-street parking, because there's nothing but an abandoned medical center across the street. They don't take credit cards, but there's an ATM inside.I wish everyplace had frozen globe-shaped mugs of Abita like Liuzza's. But they don't. Because of their cold, cold beer they get 3 full stars. We also have to take food and ambiance into account which drops them down by one star on each count. The joint is pretty dirty, the food is kinda greezy and bland (how can you mess up fried calamari?!). Also, florescent lighting- blech! Their bar doesn't have much overhang... not much knee space, ya know? Which is a shame because there are a bunch of cool-looking art deco-style glass bricks under it. The televised sports thing seems out of place at their tiny bar. Pros: Very Cold Beer, bartender is a sweetheart, family business vibe. Cons: Most else. I would love, love, love to see Liuzza's undergo a Restaurant: Impossible type of transformation- getting a new chef,  revamping the menu, retraining its staff, emphasizing its local roots and cleaning up the inside.This is my neighborhood favorite. 
Big beer and sloppy roast beef poboy - awesome was to finish a Monday if I'm asked. 
Very friendly and family owned. Most of the menu is friendly for all. Taste and choices. I love it.Still one of my favorites.   Great gumbo and tonight the oyster Rockefeller bisque with spaghetti and meat balls for my little guy and fettuccine Alfredo for me.  So goodGreat New Orleans neighborhood restaurant I have not been to since I was a kid. Not sure why it never made the list to revisit all these years (too many choices I guess). Gumbo was very good and the frenchuletta is so good! (Mufeletta on French bread).Unfortunately, we didn't get the chance to taste the food, but the customer service is terrible.  We came in at about 3pm on a Sunday afternoon- they close at 4pm, so enough time to get a meal be done by the time 4pm rolled around.  It took 10 minutes to seat us and the place was relatively uncrowded.  Once we were seated, a lady who was not our server said she could take our drink orders, and that our server would be there shortly.  We got our drinks and waited... and waited... and waited.  Finally, the server said she would be with us shortly.  During the 15-20 minutes after she said this, we watched her go to every other table in the place, take people their bills, chat with everybody, but never return to take our order.  I get that other people needed to be taken care of; however, the amount of time it took was excessive.  Perhaps the idea of customer service escapes them, or it was hard for them to get their act together, but it was rude.  Too bad we didn't get a chance to taste the food.  Maybe it would make up for the lack of customer service.This place has a comfortable atmosphere, good service, tasty food and cold beers. I really like the chicken parmesan.Nostalgia brought me through the door.  I came here often while growing up in New Orleans. But I am sorry to say it was absolutely horrible! Where do I begin? The microwaved (watched them) food that was served lukewarm? I had 1/2 meatball 1/2 sausage with pasta, the bland sauce that had no taste,? the very small portions? The frosted beer mug that wasn't? It saddens me that this iconic New Orleans restaurant I has gotten so bad. We will not returnI began coming here about 25 years ago becuase of its history. I kept coming back because of the food and the feel of the place, both important to me. I have to preface my review with the fact that Liuzza's is the custodian of great memories for me over the  many years of coming here. I have  dined here many times with family and friends. A tradition when my kids were young was to come here then head to Angelo Brocato's for dessert. The kids loved both.  So did I. After the devastation of Katrina, a friend and I came here the day the bar re-opened, both of us so excited a favorite place to have a schooner of Abita had made it back after a 7 foot inundation of toxic water. Then we dined here the day the restaurant re-opened. This review is prompted by my recent visit with my 23 year old daughter.
In my opinion, Liuzza's turns out the best fried seafood in the city, certainly as good as any other. Admittedly, it may not be to everyone's taste. The Liuzza way is light on the crust which, in my view, highlights the taste of the seafood. Too much batter and you lose what's inside. "Where's the beef?" basically. They also have excellent sides though admittedly, the fries are usually  pretty weak. 
The other day with daughter #1, of course we started with onion rings (her father's daughter!), an excellent version of this seafood restaurant staple. I ordered the half fried shrimp, half fried oysters with coleslaw and mustard greens on the side. As we all know, the quality of oysters can vary week to week. I hit a good one. They were huge and perfectly fried. The shrimp, on the other hand, were a little on the small side but fried well. The seafood was served classically atop 2 slices of buttered white sandwich bread. The coleslaw was its usual solid self, a little on the sweet side but tasty nonetheless. The greens were excellent, chocked full of smoky ham and onions.
Other menu items I have enjoyed include the fried pickles, eggplant sticks and parmigiana, "Frenchuletta" which is a muffaletta on French bread, and fried chicken. They also have some of the best potato salad around. Personally I stay away from the traditional Italian dishes which are usually swimming in red gravy that rivals the immensity of Katrina's floodwaters. But friends and family have enjoyed over the years. So if you like the New Orleans red gravy scene, go for it. You won't leave hungry.
The look of the  place still reeks of old 1930's art deco New Orleans from the tile floors to the glass block in the bar. One touch I love is the urinal in the men's room, a stainless steel, 5 foot tall behemoth with a great "auto flush" feature-- it's filled with ice! Another throwback feature is one to beware of-- they don't take credit cards. There is an ATM in the bar.
 So if you want to dine in a classic New Orleans seafood joint, I would say you won't go wrong here.Another fantastic mid city restaurant!  
If you're in the mood for a frothy chocolatey boozey drink make sure you get the bushwacker.  The poboys are full and tasty.  The dineresque interior is there as a backdrop to some fantastic nola dishes.  Great for the whole family and a group the seating is close but you don't need to worry about your neighbor, everyone here is friendly.  And try the eggplant parm.... the red sauce is filling and distinct.Went here with a big group and had the best time; great friendly service, the absolute best poboys we had (and we tried many) on our trip! There was a bit of hardsell on the frozen dessert drinks, but overall this was a gem and my friends and I still talk about how we'd go here first when we go back to New Orleans. (not vegetarian friendly for one in our group -even the beans have meat- but they were super accommodating to get her fed.)Friendly and helpful service. Got the 1/2 Oyster Poor Boy with the cup of gumbo. Both were tasty and filling. Nice old time atmosphere and decor.Have only tried the poboys and the shrimp poboys at Liuzza's are pretty good. Classic New Orleans neighborhood restaurant. Have not tried other menu items, but the sandwiches are really good. Nothing like a poboy and a Barq's in a frosted mug. Better than a lot, but not my favorite - 2 1/2 to 3 stars.The service was decent but the food was meh.
First, the decor is terribly outdated. Some tables have plastic green table clothes and some do not, the place is small and seems kinda cramped.
The menu is ridiculously confusing.  Multiple font sizes and colors, random words underlined. It makes it hard to see what they are truly offering especially with no descriptions on any items.
Starting with the Eggplant Medallions w/red Gravy. The batter is light and well seasoned, but it overwhelmed the eggplant taste. It could have been anything fried and covered in red sauce on that plate and it would have tasted all the same.
Fried Green Tomatoes W/ Shrimp Remoulade poboy was huge, all due to the bread.  The shrimp were TINY, I mean, the size of a penny, cold, and hidden under shredded lettuce that was drowning in a thousand island -esk sauce they called  Remoulade. Oh and theres fried tomatoes in there somewhere too.  
A friend got the open face beef sandwich with redbeans and rice, which tasted better than mine but still lacked. 
New Orleans has a world of amazing restaurants. I wouldn't recommend this place.I really like this place! It's not fancy or pretentious, and it's not the best at anything but a good time. However, it works! Service is nice, but often hurried. Often it feels like you are watching the staff run a marathon and juggle kittens! It's hectic and anxious sometimes.
I pretty much like everything, but I love the Frenchuletta which is a muffuletta on French bread and the olive salad is great but seems a little different than the standard. It is also huge! It can feed two people easily and you don't need a side order. I ate the whole thing once. ONCE!! Can't wait to eat there again!As a resident of the city for 26 years and only living a few blocks away on N. Scott St. I visted Liuzza's for pizza, frosted fish bowl mugs of beer, and Italian dishes. Liuzza was never know for a speedy kitchen, especially when they had a full house. 
The best thing about the place is the family atmosphere and the wait staff, they make you feel like your home from a long visit away, pampering you just like your mother would.
I left the city 26 years ago, to earn a living in other parts of the USA, and going back to N.O. every couple of years to visit family & friends. 
On this visit back home had my mother going through rehabilitation at St. Margaret's at Mercy, just across the street we decided to go for lunch.  Liuzza's had a full house it being holiday week, and we placed an order-to-go.
We ordered off the lunch specials menu hoping it would yield faster results. Eggplant Napolian, two thin slices of breaded fried Eggplant, atop a bed of thin pasta with garlic & artichoke hearts in a butter cream sauce, topped with breaded fried shrimp, came with wilted spinach.
Catfish, two choices, we got one of each. Fried with Fettuccine Alfredo and Grilled with Jambalaya.  Catfish was a generous portion and both tasted great, Jambalaya was too dry, rice was way overcooked even though it was converted rice, it had a good sausage flavor, but salty. 
Alfredo sauce, typical of American cuisine to take simplicity and over complicate it. In Italy Alfredo sauce is 2-ingredients, butter and parmigiano cheese, equal portions. Liuzza's version had heavy cream and most likely thickned with a roux (the Creole influence), with butter and heavy on garlic it was pasty and separated and the overcooked thick noodles just made this dish worse. 
1/2 & 1/2 Meatball and Italian sausage with tomato sauce, good portion of meat one link of sausage & one fist sized Meatball both were of good quality was served with thin pasta and a garlic herbed tomato sauce. 
Bread pudding and Chocolate layer cake, nothing special about either. Bread Pudding may have been made in house and didn't have much flavor beyond the standard egg custard and white french bread base. The chocolate layer cake, right out of the frozen commercial bakery foodservice catalog. A generous portion, multi layer chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and chocolate chips, if you like chocolate this was the dessert for you. Cake was dry, sweet frosting was flavored chocolate and vanilla and cocoa powder to round out the color and flavor. 
Lastly, it took well over an hour to get 4 entrees off the daily specials menu produced and packaged for the order, a three minute walk back across the street and into the lunch room and the dishes were lukewarm at best.   3 stars for decent food and slow kitchen efficiency.