With the exception of JazzFest season, this a local's joint. Great gumbo, a stellar BBQ shrimp po' boy, duck tenders, and cold beer. It's worth the cab ride.In general, the food in New Orleans has completely ruined me for food from anywhere else and Liuzza's by the track was pretty much the crowning glory of my food tour of New Orleans.
Set in a picturesque, non-touristy neighborhood, you really owe it to yourself to stray away from the bustle of the Quarter and Downtown and wander over here.
Their shrimp po boy is sumptuous and to die for. I didn't get to try them, but the hand cut french fries are supposedly the best too.
We paired this meal with an ice-cold Abita Amber (gotta try the local brews) and a stroll in the sculpture garden at City Park.
Go there... JUST DO IT!To sum it up, this is a Solid Four-star. 
 I shall base this off of 3 dishes, and though I would be tempted to give it a five, I shall simply sum it with a Four-star (after writing my own review, lol).
1. I ordered the fried egg plant (with marinara sauce) on the whim for $4.95. The fried batter worked well. Sauce provided a nice punch. Plentiful...definitely worth the money.
2. Ordered the fried catfish platter. Fries were average. The batter was standard fish fry but had a nice crunch. The fish was...HUGE. I've never seen fried fish this big, but they set the record. It was impressive that they fried it this well without falling to pieces. Wasn't the freshest of fish but still a worthy dish for $10.95 (or $9.95).
3. Tried the Reuben sandwich. Standard taste. Average size. Decent sandwich (poboy).
Overall, I would definitely recommend it and come back. Enjoy.Got the BBQ Po boy and some potato salad. Sandwich was delicious, a bit too salty though! Super friendly service and food comes out fast!!Nine of us ate at Liuzza's By The Track on December 27. Four people had the catfish platter, fries, coleslaw. Two had catfish po-boy, fries. One had turkey po-boy. Two had shrimp platter, fries. Five had gumbo soup. Everyone loved their food and one comment was the catfish was better than what they had Christmas Day. We did have to wait about 45 minutes but well worth the wait. Nothing fancy about the restaurant just down home cooking. I would recommend this restaurant to everybody.The BBQ Shrimp po-boy was sooo delicious! Served in a hollowed out french bread filled inside and outside with nice size shrimp.  Not your ordinary BBQ sauce...it's thinner with a peppery/garlic white gravy type sauce. It's in a non-tourist neighborhood...so you need a car to get to them.  Well worth the trip!Another awesome local joint you may want to peep out. Must: Creole Gumbo. Make sure you get the bowl and not the cup you sissy. When I think of food from New Orleans, there are many dishes that comes to mind. Gumbo is very high on my to-eat list. Liuzza's by the Track serves a mean gumbo. It's rich with tons of delish ingredients. Hell, I'd go back just for this. They will give you the softest French bread that you can dip into the gumbo. Legit!
We also had their infamous shrimp sandwich. They gutted out the French bread and dumped the shrimp & sauce right in the middle. May be a little messy but that's what a fork and knife is for.
Wrapped it up with the bread pudding for dessert. Not bad, but I can deal without it. Just go for the gumbo.
This little restaurant was packed especially when the LSU Tigers were playing. The fanatic hooligans were crawling all over the bar.
Did I mention the gumbo is what you need to order here? Yes, do it.It has been a few years since I've been to New Orleans.  In Illinois, it's hard to get fresh seafood and the same kind of savory dishes you can find down south.  I'm not a seafood fan, but I figured when in Rome....or, when in NOLA...
Liuzza's is one of the standouts of my visit.  Everyone I talked to said, "you've absolutely GOT to try the bbq shrimp po' boy," and man, it did not disappoint.  Garlicky, Shrimpy, awesomeness in a hollowed-out crispy french roll.  Also tried my travelmates' "breathtaking beef" po' boy that had an awesome horseradish sauce on it.  
We went in Feb. '05, so I'm very glad to see it withstood the storm.  If I make it back down, find me there!My favorite place to eat in Nola! Their fried shrimp are delicious. Ventured out to try the portabella mushroom salad and LOVED it.  The staff are so nice. Truly a neighborhood gem.BBQ shrimp po boy is shrimp in a stew of popcorn butter. It is awful. Their service is terrible as well. When I tried to place a to go order, the muscular female bartender/waitress informed me it would back up the kitchen. She told me I would have to dine in because there were other customers who wanted to sit down that were more important. She treated me like an imbecile for wanting to do takeout lunch on Monday November 28, 2011 at 1:15. Note it was only 2 po boys. It's not like I was ordering for a whole office. Truth be told, she only wanted dine in customers because they would buy drinks and increase her tip. I was not even occupying a table. I was sitting by myself at the bar. She insisted on me understanding how busy the restaurant was and how much 2 shrimp po boys would back up a kitchen. When I told her I didn't understand her irrational and illogical point, she spoke slower to clarify her moot point. Liuzza, I was really excited to eat you cuisine, but if I am to expect that kind of treatment, I would never eat there.I was quite impressed with their bartender. It was VERY cold in there when we arrived, and the bartender loaned me his jacket!!! He also turned off some fans and changed the temperature settings. Wonderful. The food was very good. We split a cup of their gumbo and it was great--lots of flavor. Then we split their BBQ pistolette. It was also good, but much different that I expected. You eat it with a fork and knife to sop up the gravy. We also tried a little of their red beans and rice and it was OK. I prefer it a little spicier. Then we split their bread pudding. A huge portion, and quite good. Not so much cinnamon, seemed to have peaches in it---but tasty. All in all a very good experience.Never disappoints. Poboys and gumbo are excellent. Friendly staff and owner is frequently on site.
Best hamburger in the area. Hand made patty and fresh cut fries. Local gem.A favorite stop for lunch or dinner. Turtle soup is a local favorite and I am hard pressed to say there is a better one anywhere else in the city. After a cup of that, you still have room for the best Roast Beef Poor Boy you ever ate. Or oyster, or shrimp or garlic oyster or even the hamburger poor boy, which is awesome!
Great gathering of colorful characters most nights, including the staff. Spend an evening here and get a taste of what it's like to miss New Orleans!They say never judge a book by its cover. Honestly we would've never stopped at this little hole in the wall but after reading reviews we decided to.  Let me say this place is a gem! The bbq shrimp po'boy was delicious.  Whenever in NOLA this is a must stop.1/2 sandwich + cup o soup is awesome.
One of my staple restaurants when I get to NOLA.  My favorites include the fried shrimp po' boy or the roast beef po' boy.  Their gumbo is flavorful and with just the right amount of spice.  Their fries ($2.95) are usually pretty good but the las time I was there, they looked like they had been refried and were way greasy, soggy, and overly dark brown.
Decor is perfectly homey as is the service.  I love it when the waitresses call me "baby" or "sweetie".Great place for lunch or dinner.  Parking may be challenging, but worth it. The Gumbo and po-boys are excellent...I would highly recommend the BBQ shrimp stuffed poboy. Very tasty and has a lot of shrimp on it! add a lil' crystal hot sauce and your good to go. 4 stars only cuz this place is so small....but worth it.So.much.food.  But so yummy!  Went here for a girl's dinner a few months ago and stuffed ourselves silly.  Parking can be a challenge as it's in a neighborhood, but it wasn't terrible.  We had a great server and she was happy to accommodate our group of 6 (even when some of us showed up late!)
This is a great place to go during the week when you want good food and don't want to cook.A Nola must stop! 
My favorite is the BBQ Shrimp! Words cannot describe the flavor! You just have to try it for yourself! 
The sweet tea is sugarlaide 
This place is a local "watering hole" very unique. Once you go once you'll have to come back time and time again!There is nothing not to like at Liuzza's, unless you insist on being able to pick up the shrimp po' boy with your hands. Too big. Too jammed full of shrimp. Too juicy. Go directly to utensils and savor every bit. The gumbo is perhaps the best I've ever had--outside of my own kitchen:-) You betcha I can make a roux! 
The location is a bit outside of the usual tourist circles. Even that is a plus. Well worth a cab ride if you're carless. Otherwise, just GPS it. No regrets on the horizon here!awesome local tap room with friendly staff.
met some real freaks in town for voodoo fest here.
great food, had a fried seafood salad that was very delicious--we wanted to pretend we were eating healthy so we got that instead of the po' boy.
nice neighborhood too with some very friendly people and some nice cats...BBQ shrimp special was amazing. Sauce is a little different than Mr Bs but still great. Very high quality shrimp and there were easily 20 of them for just $15.95. Amazing.This place is okay. Let me just put this out there, when we travel as a family we take great pride in trying our best to fit in as the locals. We don't stay out in the French Quarter, we like to try and assimilate to the local culture as much as reasonably possible.  Liuzza's is not a place  for visitors as that was made abundantly clear when we arrived. It was clear that they prefer their regulars and if you are visitor they really don't have time for you. Know what you want to get ahead of time because they don't like explain and differences or questions you may have.  It is solid pub food. Husband recommends the catfish plate, mind was on special the crab plate and was fair. If ordering dessert, you're better off to order the bread pudding which is one of their specialities. I was disappointed, this place was overrated. The Italian restaurant around the corner had better food for about the same price. I will not seek this place out again when I visit.When I lived in NOLA this was my favorite place hands down.  Any time I had the chance or the slightest reason to go to up to Bayou St. John I would hit up Liuzza's.  Shrimp and oyster PoBoys are out of this world.  Some of my favorite gumbo in the city.  Delectable roast beef.  Hearty bloody mary's.  Good folks and good vibes all kept me coming back.Best po boys my boyfriend and I ever had!! A hidden gem!We ate the BBQ shrimp po boy, which is really more like BBQ shrimp in sauce smothering a sandwich roll. It was a bit on the salty side for me, as was the crawfish etoufee. Both were very tasty, though, with LOTS of butter! I learned later that you can really overdo the butter thing, but it really was delicious at the time!Nice experience. I was wanting a bowl of gumbo and a Po-boy. Got the 1/2 combo and both the gumbo and the garlic oyster were very good. Parking in the neighborhood is obviously a little tricky, but we went about 1:30pm and the shop was not busy and there was street parking available.Had lunch there today with family.  The Honey Pepper salad dressing is killer; the oyster po-boy and roast beef po-boys were great; the BBQ shrimp po-boy was very good, but impossible to eat as a sandwich - more like a plate lunch (a little heavy handed with the pepper too).  Fries and sweet potato fries excellent.  Wonderful atmosphere and service.  Will definitely return.It is morbid, but I really wanted to come here because, on one of my favorite shows, Treme, one of the show's protagonists has a perfect new orleans day, eating here and then grabbing beignets at cafe du monde, prior to committing suicide.   I thought it would be perfect for our last day in New Orleans!
I liked the feel of this place and the service was excellent.   The gumbo was one of the best I have ever had, but my shrimp were not all deveined.   My husband's shrimp poboy also had shrimp that was partially or not at all deveined.   I had the fried oyster poboy and the bread was extremely stale and difficult to eat.  I would come back but order just the gumbo.Got the gumbo and BBQ shrimp po boy. Gumbo was good, nothing really stood out tho. The po boy, while looking absolutely delicious, was the saltiest thing I've ever tasted in my life. My first BBQ shrimp experience was Mr B's Bistro so that's the only comparison I have to make. And in comparison, this BBQ shrimp was super salty so much that I couldn't really eat it. Very disappointing. I doubt I'll ever go back or recommend it to people.THE best Po Boy EVER!  The gumbo was terrific (better than the French quarter stuff). I even enjoyed the catfish thoroughly, and I don't usually like fish. Small hole in the wall place-but do NOT miss this place!Was in town for vacation and was told to try the food here. Went with the gumbo and shrimp po' boy. The gumbo was very good, I got it as a side because I was told the bowl would be too much since I was getting the po' boy. The shrimp po' boy was pretty decent just thought it would be more to it. Just shrimp dipped in a Cajun sauce and poured on a roll. 
The service was a little suspect. We sat at the bar thinking the service would be quicker. Took a while to get waters and once we did there was something floating at the bottom of one. Took some time to flag someone down to get another. We ordered before two different parties that sat down after us just to the right of us and their food came out before ours..then when our food came out they tried to give it to someone else then brought it down to us..
Maybe it was the time we went (Friday afternoon), but when I'm back in N.O I will give them another shot.The shrimp BBQ po-boy is ridiculously good, as is the garlic oyster poboy.  FYI - Don't confuse this place with another restaurant nearby that's called just "Liuzza's" - this place is infinitely better than "Liuzzza's".Came here after touring the Degas House. Nice local spot with delicious aromas as soon as you enter!
Shrimp Remoulade ($5.95). Okay, I'm not from here, so forgive me if I'm off base but... Is remoulade the 1st cousin of the Big Mac's "special sauce" which is the 1st cousin of Thousand Island Dressing? Either way, it's tasty-licious! The shrimp were delicate and well cooked (though not deveined). They were atop a bed of iceberg lettuce and slathered with the remoulade sauce. A touch of cayenne pepper would really kick it up a notch. 
The Catfish Po Boy ($11.95) was AMAZING! Crusty bread with flaky & flavorful fish, perfectly dressed.  The potion was quite sizable too. 
The venue is in a neighborhood, so on street is your only option; but there seem to be lots of parking available. A great place to grab a Po Boy.Second visit to this corner bar and restaurant on our week-long trip to New Orleans. Had the best Gumbo in town and Shrimp Po-Boy the first time. We repeated the feat while adding the Turtle Soup the 2nd time. Wow! Will definitely return the next time we visit NoLa.Went for a late lunch yesterday with my mom. I was surprised at how small the space was but the atmosphere was great. The staff was very nice and helpful. We shared a salad and the bbq shrimp poboy. The salad was super fresh and the homemade dressing was delicious! The poboy was so good! It was stuffed with so much shrimp and the sauce was incredible. Will definitely be back to this spot!Great local joint with an amazing BBQ shrimp po-boy. Intimate space with casual interior. Looks like a regular bar crowd has a good time hanging out here. Lots of fried and filling options on the menu with cold beer and a tasty Bloody Mary.Best Gumbo I've ever eaten....and I don't like Gumbo!  Worth a special trip! Love this place!I'm going to be nice and give three stars since we only tried a few things on the menu so maybe I'd be more impressed if I tried the gumbo or the etouffee. However, I had the much-lauded BBQ shrimp poboy, which I thought was an epic fail. It wasn't offensive or anything, it just tasted like absolutely nothing; no lemon, no pepper, no garlic, nothing. Perhaps I am spoiled because my husband is a chef and he makes a damn fine rendition of BBQ shrimp but I thought this was an utter waste of $15. I had a bite of the husband's oyster poboy, which was fine, but didn't distinguish itself from other oyster poboys around the city that do not cost $14.95.  Regular and sweet potato fries were good and served in generous portions. Chocolate torte was dry and forgettable. Service was friendly.Great bar, great beer (get the amber) great food. Simple, fast New Orleans food like you'd have gotten at your neighborhood bar anytime over the last 40 years or more. Great po-boys, fantastic drippy roast beef, and wonderful gumbo.
mmm... wash it all down with the largest glass of iced tea you've ever seen...Luizza's has been a stop for my family for the past 14 years. Without question it is the best BBQ shrimp I have ever had (and that's saying something). The bloody Mary's are to-die-for. My husband and I just stopped by and loved the BBQ shrimp poboy, garlic oyster poboy, red beans and rice, and gumbo. The service was stupendous as usual. The spicing is so unique (first time tasting the gumbo, somehow!), and I can honestly say some of my favorite meals of my life have come from this place. DO NOT miss it!This place had more character than many of the other restaurants/bars that we stopped in during our trip.  A couple of friends recommended this place because of the amazing po-boys, and it seemed to be a great decision.  Though I didn't get a po-boy, friends got the shrimp po-boy and many got the gumbo- and they raved about it.  I loved that this place seemed a bit off of the beaten track and a bit diver, and all of the people who stopped in seemed to be locals enjoying good food and drinks at the bar.  I think the wait staff was a bit annoyed with our group- we were a group of 6 on NYE who stopped in an hour before closing- and they were a bit standoffish, though I completely understand.  I would definitely recommend this local joint to any out-of-towner (or even any local) to stop in for some good local food and drink.Just amazing. Great gumbo, service was excellent. Highly recommend.Best meal thus far in NOLA: large gumbo and a GIANT plate of peel n eat BBQ shrimp. Absolute heaven.Went back to one of my old haunts recently for gumbo and half poboy and yes Liuzza's is still very good. The gumbo is not as strong as it used to be but the poboys are some of the best in the city. Always served in hot toasted french bread the garlic oyster, bbq shrimp and the roast beef are my favorites. The also have great soup options and one of the best reubens you can get. I dont work at the track anymore but this is still one of my favorites and has been for a long time.Lucked into this gem as we were searching for a place to eat lunch. So very glad we did. I had the BBQ shrimp po-boy. Not the normal bbq that one would think but very tasty. My wife had the breathtaking roast beef po-boy. Another great choice. Do yourself a favor and visit this restaurant.I like it's humbleness...
The food was amazing and not pretentious. A bit of real New Orleans that hasn't gotten too hipster...Best overall meal on a recent NOLA visit.  BBQ shrimp were the best of the trip! Not much from the outside but don't let that fool you. Worth the trip. Should have gone twice.i love the bbq shrimp poboy so much that i came back to san francisco and figured out how to make it myself. mine's not the same though, it's missing the atmosphere and video poker. (fancy pantsers - this is not a fancy pants place. it's homey and gritty and just the way i like it. you want fancy? try august or somefin.)Good Good Stuff.  The Gumbo was delicious.  The Sweet Potato fries were off the chain!!!  The po boys are pretty good too.  BBQ shrimp po boy is dripping wet with buttery peppery shrimp doused in sauce.  Hope you like it saucy and you may need a bib.  Gotta love some nola food.A local joint with exceptional food. Nothing fancy about this NOLA legend...floor is cracked, door won't open all the way, but the food is outstanding. Creole gumbo is perfectly seasoned. Shrimp Remoulade has great sauce, and their specialty BBQ Shrimp PoBoy is amazingly delicious. Service is friendly and efficient. If you walk in and all tables are full then you wait outside. No extra room in this little gem. Loved the whole experience.When we first got here at 1:00 pm I thought the wait would not take long. Fast forward to 2:10 pm and I'm about to pass out!  Small place. Not good for groups. So shrimp remoulade is pretty good. Not the best but good. 
Ok now it's 2.I recently moved from uptown to midcity. Last night we decided to try out Luizza's and... oh man did it put me at ease. Now, I feel like I really live in midcity. 
As soon as I walked in, one of my friends already made himself at home and was chattin it up with the bartender. Then, a nice friendly man, Jimmy came up to all us asking what are names were and welcoming us.  He cracked jokes with us all night, bought a round of drink. goood times...I think he was the owner, but he could also be the manager?  I'll figure that out in time.. 
Anywho, the best part of the night was there was freeee fried chicken in spirit of the Saint's Game. Food I think may be the key to my heart haha..Not to mention the Tv was a pretty good size and we were all able to sit at the bar. 
It only took one night for me to feel like a local/regular at this bar. Highly recommend everyone try it out..I can't wait to try out their reubans, heard they are awesome..One of my favorite stops in town is slipping. The gumbo is getting very hit or miss. The last two times once it was old and the next time it was too fresh as it had not had time to cook all the way which left it pretty much warm water. 
The reuben was pretty good but a little expensive considering it doesn't come with a side item. Overall I hate the fact that this place is really starting to get that tourist feel that I hate. The two best and most consistent things on the menu are the garlic oyster poboy and the HUGE BBQ shrimp poboy. 
I hate to lose which was once one of my favorite gumbo haunts, seems like I will have to find a new one.Finally got the gumbo I've been craving during my NOLA trip!  Delicious! Safe neighborhood. Extremely friendly staff!Truly as good as it gets!  Great service, a frosty Abita amber and the shrimp po'boy is off the hook!  The gumbo is the real deal.  Please note that a "cup" of gumbo is really a bowl and a "bowl" is a meal.  No trip to NOLA would be complete without a stop at Liuzza's by the track!We stopped here on our way to Jazz fest and their Bloody Mary's are fantastic. They add olives and these pickled green beans that are delicious. We, obviously, ordered doubles, and they get you sufficiently tipsy while you wait in the line to get into Jazz Fest. The lines in the bar are pretty long, but they move quickly as they have jugs of the Bloody Mary mix already ready to go, just add Vodka. These are delicious and spicy and definitely worth it. Bring Cash!Liuzza's is easily in the top three Gumbo and Po-Boy places in New Orleans. I have been to Liuzza's several times and order gumbo, po-boys, turtle soup, and other things, and I've never received a bad meal. As other reviewers have stated, the shrimp po-boy is the one to get. The best part of Liuzza's is that it isn't pretentious, this is a down-home restaurant that might get crowded and you might have trouble finding parking, but the food is worth it!This was the best po boy ever!!! The BBQ shrimp po boy is not the typical New Orleans style BBQ shrimp. This version is a delicious butter and pepper mixture. The French bread is soggy with the inside hollowed out and shrimp stuffed to the bottom. In a word it is simply delicious!!! No sides are needed, as this sandwich alone is big enough to keep you full all day. Friendly staff and flavorful gumbo, what more do you need!Best shrimp EVER.  Local food, can't even begin to explain how good this was!!!!  Just do it!It had been a long time since I've eaten on a non-Jazz Fest day. Place was still packed tho!
My memories of this place must have inspired by what I had been drinking and smoking at Jazz Fest prior to stopping by here on my way from the Fairgrounds to my car. So I'll keep it short and sweet.
DRINKS: overpriced and small
FOOD: the fried seafood salad actually looked pretty damned good ! but alas, whatever the hell they are serving for balsamic vinaigrette was the worst salad dressing ever! it completely ruined the meal for me. 
Seriously doubt I'll be back, except for a drink on the way to my car after Jazz Fest...This was probably my favorite lunch spot this trip in NOLA. They're famous for the BBQ shrimp po boy which I ordered and loved but be forewarned this is not your traditional po boy. The BBQ is a thin tangy sauce; almost a little soupy but very good. The sandwhich doesn't come dressed and wouldn't work well with the sauce.
The gumbo is very good. They sautee fresh shrimp for each batch they serve. It's a little thinner than your traditional gumbo but very tasty.
Service was great and located right next to the horse track. Loved this place.Was in New Orleans for the weekend,look and look for a great place to eat,thanks to the reviews decided to go in here and it was great,love it good food,good price excellent service.A Nola must stop! 
My favorite is the BBQ Shrimp! Words cannot describe the flavor! You just have to try it for yourself! 
The sweet tea is sugarlaide 
This place is a local "watering hole" very unique. Once you go once you'll have to come back time and time again!What a fabulous meal! My girlfriend and i both ordered the gumbo, delicious! She also ordered a shrimp po'boy and i ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. Fantastic meal, awesome service. I would recommend this place to anyone!!!the bbq is not bbq sauce, but it is very good.  had to ask for more bread to soak it all up.  seemed to be a local place.  also, got the almond (?) crusted duck app.  it was good, had look and texture of store bought, but the asian sweet and sour sauce with it was good.  gumbo was meaty and good as well.This restaurant is a New Orleans Classic.
It has the New Orleans feel when you walk in and the flavor accompanies that feel! Family owned and operated, this is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. Be sure to try some Eggplant Parmesan and a Hot Shrimp Sandwich. Walk over to the Fairgrinds Coffee House and then to the park! Great place to eat.Excellent shrimp "po boy" in a savory, flavorful sauce.  Despite coming in an hour before closing, we got excellent service.When I was planning this trip a friend of mine who comes to N.O. at least once a year said to hit this place up. Since I went to Jazz Fest I was in the fair grounds which are only two block from Liuzza's it was a natural after Fest spot. Now it looked like they only had a limited menu for the Fest but it was great. We got the gumbo and BBQ shrimp po'boy. I gulped down the gumbo and polished off what was left of the po'boy. I also ordered a Bloody Mary on recommendation as well which was good. Not the best I've ever had but def. refreshing after a hot day in NOLA. Love that it's located right in the neighborhood and seems like a cool local spot. Defiantly going to be a place I'll hit again when I return.If you're looking for the legit New Orleans neighborhood bar and grill experience, this is it. Great food, cheap beer, and bar tenders with a little spunk. Always a great stop when I'm in town. 
If you want fancy and white linen this ain't it. If you want to enjoy what really makes NOLA what it is, then look no further. 
The locals know and now you do too.I'd the best shrimp sandwich ever, and would definitely recommend it, if you haven't tried it already. With a strong peber flavour, but not too spicy.I always try to go local and this place seems to be just that. The waitress with the attitude didn't bother me, neither did the bar full of regulars watching Jeopardy really loud on the big screen...and I was amazed these drunks knew so many right answers...I guess hanging in a bar every day pays off sometimes :-) what I didn't like was the gumbo had too much of a tomato base. Don't get me wrong, I liked it but I grew up in south Louisiana and the darker the rue the better, this just wasn't like mamma used to make. I ordered half a roast beef po-boy, the gumbo and an Abita and enjoyed every bite, but I guess I expected more from the gumbo. I'd send a friend and would return but I'd order something besides the gumbo next time.Boy, do I miss this place..................(drool) I am just dreaming of their bbq shrimp po boy.  If you vist this great city, do not, I repeat DO NOT miss this po boy.  Your taste buds will come alive with heat.  
Great little bar with some tasty bloody mary's too.Stopped by for lunch today and had my usual. Fried shrimp or oyster poboy with a cub of Gumbo. I must say the Gumbo is really good. Its a little different from what my mom an dad would consider creole but no tow Gumbos are alike. This one though has a great flavor. They fry their seafood to perfection and just another trendy New Orleans dive.Got the famous BBQ Shrimp Po Boy and Gumbo. Both were just okay. I loved the idea of the Po Boy served in a hollowed out baguette and smothered in sauce. The flavor was good but it was definitely way too salty. I was sad. I really wanted to like it but I got full from drinking a mouthful of water after every bite... Will I return? Maybe, but I won't be getting their signature dish.The first thing I ate during my first time in New Orleans was the BBQ shrimp po boy! It lived up to the hype! This place rages during Jazz Fest. It was so much fun! Can not wait to come back every year!!!I've been here a couple of times and find myself thinking of it more and more often, particularly when I have out-of-town guests.  Casual, relaxed atmosphere and solid, reliable food.  The BBQ shrimp po boy, loaded with shrimp, and the gumbo are among my faves.Stopped in tonight for dinner. If I could give it 3.5 stars I would.
We started with the gumbo which was the lowlight of the meal. It was rather forgettable for everyone at the table.
With our resident chicken finger and french fry experts in tow, I was pleasantly surprised by some of the best chicken fingers we've found on a kids menu. They definitely weren't from a freezer bag - nice and juicy.
The BBQ shrimp po-boy is what we came for and it did not disappoint. If a po-boy can be decadant, this absolutely is with a rich sauce. I enjoyed every bite but absolutely could not finish. We'll find out how it is as leftovers tomorrow.I've been to New Orleans a few times, and honestly have never been impressed by the food. This was a do-or-die trip where if I didn't find delicious things, I didn't plan on coming back to the city. 
Liuzza's was a game changer. I just remember my friends sitting back and laughing because the food was THAT good. We had several of the dishes, with the crawfish etouffee being the most notable. The Reuben was also delicious- the girl who said she didn't particularly care for Reubens was the one who ate the most of it. Some of the dishes had shrimp, fresh and perfectly cooked. 
The restaurant's a little out of the way if you're staying around the French Quarter, but well worth the cab ride. It's nothing fancy, just the kind of place that's there to welcome you and serve amazing food, not wow you with frou frou decor.We had a local friend take us to this little hole in the wall and WOW! We ordered the gumbo that was full of meats and seasoning. We also couldn't resist the chance to try the barbecued shrimp. Holy moly! The buttery gravy was over the top, get your spoon, heaven in your mouth. This was our first stop in NOLA so the bar was set high. Service was a bit lacking but we made it through that part with the flavor of New Orleans. Great local place off the beat and path.