Longway has THE BEST food and THE BEST cocktails, can't wait to come back. Get the peas and the bread and the calamari. Everyone who works there is amazing, it's overall just a wonderful experience through and through.Longway longway what can I say. Your greenacolada, your ENGLISH PEAS, and your radishes. You go above and beyond. Service, booze, bites, and atmosphere- this place has it all. Make it your quarter go-to. You will be so glad you did.Such a great spot if you're looking to avoid the tourist traps in the quarter. The drinks are great (loved the Greeña Colada) and the food is exceptional... the peas are freakishly good. we had Colin as our bartender and he was SO sweet and accommodating. Can't recommend enough.Fantastic place.  The manager/owner is a success story and should be applauded for his  efforts restive to  revitalizing New Orleans.  
All the drinks were great.   Not touristy and off the beaten path, which gets you away from the rowdy drunks.  We will be be back and  look forward to trying his other restaurant and bars.I blame myself for choosing this spot for food. Maybe if you're there for drinks exclusively, it's OK, but sheesh...
Should state outright that -- because of the wait time -- the manager took two drinks off the bill. Which was appreciated.
Took 45-50 min for our food to come out. Keep in mind, all we ordered was (1) fried calamari, (2) the arugula salad, and (3) the steak sandwich. About 35 min later, I asked the waiter about the food and the gaslighting was on another level: he told us that it would all come out at the same time, and [laughing] said that they wanted everything to be "fresh"... that was hot garbage.
The calamari and the chimichurri on the sandwich were intensely salty; the salad was OK. Pimm's Royale was decent but too sweet. The vinho verde was solid. 
Good luck to this place, I hope they work out the kinks...Really amazing food and spectacular service. We had a week-long trip through three southern cities and this was our favorite dinner spot of the trip. Great location, great drinks too. We'll definitely return whenever we are in New Orleans.Phenomenal delicious food with wonderful friendly service. Turns out they've only been open for 11 days but seemed like they had been open for years. We found out that they basically took some of the best restaurant people in New Orleans to establish this place. We wondered how it could be so good - food, service, ambience. The happy hour is a steal. The home fries are unbelievable and served with caviar. The salmon is beautiful. The fried chicken was perfect. We got seconds of the peas and bacon dish. The chocolate mousse looks like art.Fantastic food, impeccable service. The salmon and the chocolate mousse were both out of this world delicious. A memorable culinary experience. Highly recommendedAmazing drinks and food! Stumbled into this spot upon realizing I wanted to escape Bourbon. The atmosphere was very down-to-earth, but the bartenders are masters of their craft! I enjoyed the flavors of every cocktail I tried. The place has ana amazing secret courtyard as well. Full-service kitchens putting out great quality food In the French Quarter this late at night are hard to come by, and the best thing is that the hours here are awesome. Highly recommended for an escape from all the tourist places and shitty dive bars in the area.The fries with pork belly, calamari, and this slider-looking-like with chicken was delish!I was really excited to try this place while we were on our New Orleans vacation because it was new and seemed similar to places we have near home. But unfortunately I was really disappointed! Service wasn't great and our food took almost 30 minutes and then my steak sandwich came out with RARE meat, I'm talking still mooing. I understand some people like it that way but it didn't specify that it came that way on the menu and if it's that rare why did it take so long?! We were constantly having to flag down different servers because our original server only came to the table to bring drinks and after that we didn't really see her again. It turned what should have been an hour long dinner into a two hour thing so it was just really annoying. The 3 stars are for the good drinks and the bar tender who ended up taking care of us most of the time even though he had a lot going on.Friendly, attentive staff; chic but relaxed atmosphere; great addition to the Quarter!
I gave Longway's happy hour a try this week and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is polished but comfortable, and there's a fabulous courtyard! The staff was so friendly and really made us feel welcome. I appreciated the drink menu's variety, and I thought the happy hour menu was perfect. That being said, the craft cocktails are steep at $11, and I wish there were one "signature house cocktail" that was cheaper during all open hours; maybe a Sazerac that's always $6.50! 
We were kindly served a complimentary appetizer, but didn't order any food; the menu looked interesting, but I have to say I was floored when I saw that "bread and butter" (yes it was some fancy butter and some tomato something) was $8! This ain't Brooklyn! I appreciate the Longway's commitment to having a dialogue with New Orleans's history and culture, but hello, the Big Easy has been defined by cheap drinks and FREE bread for decades and decades. 
All in all, a great experience. I will definitely return for happy hour!Oh, Longway! I am so happy you exist! Longway has the feel of a true local's spot right smack in the middle of the French Quater. I frequent during Happy Hour when I can enjoy a $5 Moscow Mule with a sampling of delicious treats. The calamari is next level! It's definitely the best friend calamari on this side of the Mississippi. Seriously, you can't get anything like it in NOLA. 
The staff here is amazing. Everyone is friendly and makes you feel at home. Longway gets pretty popping on the weekend so check it out if you're looking for great food, drinks, and atmosphere on your night out. They're open late too! They also have a beautiful courtyard which I plan to hit up more frequently once this Summer heat dies down. 
I'm a big lover of all of the owner's other establishments (MeauxBar, Sylvain, Cavan) and Longway Tavern certainly did not disappoint!Excellent establishment. Incredible cocktails, food, and a nice exclusive, but not too exclusive feel. Felt like stepping back into time in such an old building!I am so excited about Longway Tavern! The interior is beautiful and the outside courtyard is a magical place to spend the evening. The Greeña Colada (amazing) and the Sidecar were absolutely delicious. We sampled lots of food, the English Peas were our favorite. Everything is amazing and I can't wait to come back again!Perfect little spot for a cocktail on a little quiet street in the old French Quarter.  Lovely bartender with warmth and hospitality.  Highly recommend this tasteful little tavern on Toulouse Street.I am not much of a "Yelper" but I had to post.  This place is amazing!  From the atmosphere, to the people, to the food....Wow!  I mean, I know people are friendly in NOLA but their vibe was tops!  Got the anchovy toast (love!) and the chicken thigh (also love!). Light and fresh but very filling.  Love this place! Wish you were in Austin!I love this new restaurant in the former site of Little Vic's. The reno gives a warm, hip, cozy vibe, and the food/drinks were all awesome.  Even the Caesar salad is different and terrific. I'm local, and this will be a regular go-to for me.Loved it. Loved the food. Loved the cocktails. Loved the space with beautiful courtyard. I will send out of town guests!We had the best time. The best drinks and the best food. Our group of 6 ordered the "one of everything" and it was, literally one of each item on the menu. Each item was more delicious than the previous. We had such fun! I would go back anytime and highly recommend!!Was spending Christmas alone with my pup in New Orleans this year, and was looking for somewhere dog friendly to eat on Christmas Eve that was a bit more fancy but without being over the top. This was just the place! Their outdoor seating is away from the street, extremely beautiful and cozy! My pup was very much welcome, and the food was fantastic. Was planning on doing the lamb, but it unfortunately wasn't on the menu anymore. However, was pleasantly surprised to find a four course Réveillon dinner which I had. Delicious! Highly recommend.I love everything about this place.  Food, service and atmosphere are all excellent.  I live in the French quarter and have gone to Longway multiple times.  Each time I have been so happy with everything.  It has become one of our favorite restaurants in town.Before I get into the review I want to make it clear the food was very good if not great. 
That being said, the service and dinning experience in general blew it. I went to Longway as a part of a party of 5 last Friday night. It wasn't very busy and we were greeted and sat promptly, no problem. Server at first was present and attentive, however once we put our 'sushi-bar' style order in (selecting quantities of food off the menu via a paper slip which the server takes) things started going down hill. We ordered the radishes,  fried calamari, shrimp toast, fried squash, caeser salad, home fries, steak sandwich, chicken sandwich, bolognese (all of which were yum). But each plate was delivered one at a time in 15-25 minute intervals. Keep in mind, we were told by our server that everything is meant to be served family style, but with each portion being quite small and with so much time between the plates being delivered (we were there about 2 hours and 20 minutes) it really wasn't a family style experience. We were fairly laid back about this in the moment and were basically laughing about the strangeness of the experience, getting one app after another, etc. Perhaps this scared off the server a little, but not once did he check up on the table about our experience. However, he did come several times asking about more drink rounds, which appeared to me as a clumsy attempt to run up the tab on his part. Outside of this, the professionalism of the entire staff seemed very off in that their was no managerial or lead presence on the floor, just disinterested servers, to the point where I felt one or two of them seemed zooted out. An example of what I'm trying to convey comes in this, we were sitting by the back door to the patio one of the servers (my guess is this one was probably the manager, even though he didn't act like it) who was brazenly texting and seemed as if he was stoned walked out into the back courtyard and left the door he opened wide behind him, a couple minutes later a customer coming from the bathroom back to the inside closed it. Now this on the one hand isn't that big of a deal, but on the other, it is very telling of the unconcerned vibe that the servers give off, it just didn't feel like I was eating at one of "Esquire's Top 20 New Restaurants of 2019," but rather the Mellow Mushroom Pizza joint. 
To be fair, we did learn after the fact that the head chef was dismissed from Longway only a few days prior to our visit, but the problems didn't lie in the food as much as it did the coursing or service. 
Anyways, even though the food was very tasty, the service was completely disjointed and I can't say I'd go back to or recommend Longway Tavern to anyone whose time I valued.I so loved the start of the evening at the bar...the bartender was displaying some serious skill and I loved the 80's soft rock playing in contrast to the crowd. It was a cool vibe. THEN, 30 minutes into our dinner hardcore rock started playing. It was the opposite of the vibe at the start of the evening and it really didn't feel it flowed. We took the next two course to go. Cool place if YOUR'RE THE vibe but not if you need one to work for you. Staff was OK but lacked genuine enthusiasm or connection or caring or ...ok. They just lacked.I went to Longways the first time with a few friends a day or two after I noticed the nice sign. The font did not disappoint- well curated menu, wonderful collection of cocktails, nice wine list. The first time we went we got the english peas baguette with lard and the home fries. I got the Cabernet franc and then the Tempranillo. It was soooo good that we came back again last night. Last night was a cocktail night and again they did not leave us hanging- fromoso (not quite but close to the spelling) was spectacular and then the succotash, English peas and sardines were delightful. What I wasn't even prepared for was the depth of the chocolate magic mousse with meringue- the salt- the fancy cocktail cherries- the coco cookies- oh holy sin it was great.  The ambiance is great, the music was terrific- all in all it was a wonderful place to spend time with people I adore.I love the location and that it's tucked away. The interior courtyard is really great and authentic NOLA.
Stick to drinks at this place the food is just okay.
They are trying to hard to be strange trendy with not so great or fresh - Creme fresh.
Note to restaurant- don't hide strange trendy meat in potatoes. Just do simple fries.
Drinks are very good!Great food, atmosphere and friendly staff. Was recommended by local and the delivered.Hip addition to the quarter. The courtyard out back is a lovely place to dine. Drinks are money. Service is on point. Food is reasonably priced. Definitely recommendWonderful addition to the Quarter. Close to Bourbon but away from the madness. Downbeat tunes, candles, and a great $11 cocktail list. Champagne of Beers $3 a mug if that's your jam.  Appetizer-forward menu with interesting selections and a Cajun twist. Bartenders friendly and cool, but they know when to take a step back. Would be great spot for a date. I enjoyed it very much for a solo work dinner. Plan to return next month!At least the name is accurate.  My food was indeed a "Longway" away, as each individual dish trickled out at about one per 20 minutes.  For a table for five that had ordered appetizers and entrees.  It appeared the kitchen could only cook one item at a time as each table that ordered the same salad would get that dish within minutes of each other, then another long wait time.  I hope the kitchen was just short staffed, as it was probably the worst wait for food I've had in this city.  Two stars because at least the food was good, but not worth half an entire day for one meal.Tristan is a  great bartender. The whole staff is wonderful. They remember you, what you ate and what you drank. Food is amazing.Delicious drinks, beautiful outdoor setting. Didn't eat here but food looked delicious too. Fabulous happy hour.Longway rules. John runs a phenomenal kitchen. Have had the pleasure of visiting several times - it's great to have a quality, local-friendly joint in the quarter. Service was impeccable. We ordered the "one of everything" and it was a great choice - every dish is top notch.Great innovative menu. Incredible craft and specialty drinks, along with great service from the bartender Nick.We stumbled into this great pub to get away from the crazy crowds on Bourbon Street and ended up having the best food of our New Orleans trip. The radishes with creamy butter, sea salt and caviar are on our top 10 list of all time favorite food. The acorn squash and the potatoes were also delicious. Service was attentive and pleasant, drinks were good. We are still raving to our NOLA friends about this one.Woah. Tried to find a cozy low key place off of bourbon and stumbled on this place. Wow. The pickle back was unreal. Home fries.... yes. Steak sandwich... hell yes. Amazing!Our best meal on a recent trip to NOLA! Try the pina colada with rum and green chartreuse. We had a bunch of veggie dishes... they happily accommodate vegetarians: creamed peas with crispy panko, chopped salad (soooo good), radishes with butter and salt,  and a side of amazing grilled bread, fried acorn squash with a Korean spice breading and homemade ranch. Every bite was more delicious than the last. Our server Allison was amazing and every person we interacted with was delightful and helpful. Beautiful patio. You can buy a 6er for the kitchen staff for $6 (menu item), which obv we did. They kindly reciprocated with a gift from the kitchen: Fried potatoes with creme Fraiche. Perfectly cooked and so kind of them. I want to come back to NOLA just to eat here again!Have been to Longway a few times - this was the first time for food. Disappointed. I had the steak sandwich. It was supposed to have horseradish, charred green onion, and mushrooms and I could taste none of them. The meat was tender but completely flavorless. It has some cream sauce that in no way contained horseradish. My friend had a caesar salad and it was pitiful! Very small amount spread out in a thin layer and the lettuce was finely chopped. 
The ambiance was nice as the place is beautiful. Server was OK. We probably would have stayed a bit and had another cocktail but he didn't ask if we wanted anything else, so we spent our money elsewhere.Great place for crafted cocktails and delicious small plates.After attending a Holiday Soiree, we needed to continue chatting business and decided to hit up Longway Tavern. Lucky for us we were able to grab a spot at the bar quite easy since it was later in the evening during a weeknight. 
Morgan F and I decided to opt for the Old Again Cocktail, a bourbon based cocktail, with Apple Jack, sugar, and bitters. I seriously could've knocked back like 4 of these because it tasted like a boozy apple pie. The touch of fresh green apple slices also made me think I was healthy as I shamelessly munched on the garnish.
Since we were getting a tad hungry we placed a random but successful tasting of their signature bread and lardo butter, as well as, their Chocolate Dessert.
The butter. OMG the butter was divine. I wanted to just scoop it out and eat it with a spoon. I'm not sure if that's too much but by-golly was it delicious. You can also order extra bread (totally recommend it) but be aware you'll get charged. The bread is made in-house and complimented the butter perfectly.
Now the highlight of my visit was dessert. I have a sweet tooth like no other and I will always be that person at the table who will grab a dessert when everyone is trying to leave already. I'd apologize but I'm not sorry...
Their Chocolate is a mousse based desert and reminded me of a gourmet, deconstructed smores. Every bite had me wanting more. From the roasted marshmallow to the pieces of the smokey graham cracker, you'll go crazy for it too. I totally got a spoon and cleaned out the edges of the bowl to get one last bite.
If you're in the FQ for any reason I recommend coming here for cocktails and a small nibble!Great, mellow atmosphere. Nice wait staff. Decent cocktails. Food - English peas were fresh peas. Creamy sauce and crunchy bread crumb topping. Nice. The chopped salad was the best. Fresh tasting, interesting textures, nicely dressed. Bolognese was so salty I couldn't eat it. Brought it home to add to pasta or rice to cut the salt. Too bad because it could have been great. Shrimp toast was like what my mom made for company in the early 60s. Sort of gelatinous topping with a shrimp flavor. Overall its a much needed, late night addition. I'll go back.I don't understand the hype surrounding this place. Drinks were decent enough; shrimp toast was horrid. All in all an unmemorable experience. Many better bars in the quarter & New Orleans at-large to not warrant another visit.First visit to Longway was very satisfying. Got the "Feed Me" option for $35 per person and had multiple plates brought to table. Several small plates and one large plate and a dessert.  This sounds basic, but their oven browned potatoes on dill creme fraiche were amazing.  Perfectly crispy bite sized potatoes served in a ramekin coated with dense, green, dill-flavored cream and sprinkled with fresh dill.  Couldn't stop eating them. Cocktails were tasty and pretty but they were a bit too pricey, otherwise a 5 star review. Since we didn't order, I'm not sure what the plates were called exactly, but each was different and delicious.This is a Great cocktail bar in French quarter they have small very delicious menu I tried couple different dishes all of them yummy drinks are very tasty to 
However bartender behind the bar is a smart ass , cocky  person 
She has tattoos on her arm she might be a good bartender maybe their  back bone over there but her personally made me to give them 3 star because of her they lost 2 star other reason is she spoil my cocktail and promise me to change my glass I drink my cocktail from sticky glass and asking about my appetizer because my large plate came first her answer was "it's coming "
Just mean to me "wait for it " 
It's not a a big deal but I want to take managements attention for server that's all 
Also I tipped very good Too 
I will change my review to 5 start if management  reach me ....Shhh...it's a great find! It's a cocktail bar with a small, limited menu- prepared by a chef. The menu changes with the seasons , but it is amazing. Small bottles of beer for $1 and a draft for $3- only 2 beers on tap- Guinness and Miller High Life.  Order a bunch of food, share with friends and enjoy.Great food. Too bad we had a surly waiter (who became surlier as the night went on), and music (Seattle Grunge?) that became louder and grungier as the night went on. The steak sandwich was to die for. The waiter's eye-roll when he had to repeat that the restaurant has no tea of any kind, and his accusatory stare when he apparently dropped a receipt and then came back to blame us for it, even after we swore we'd all contributed our receipts--those I could have done without.Usually easy to get a table and cocktails and food are very good. I got the chicken cutlet sandwich and ceasar sandwich and they were great. Last visit was also tasty. Their drinks are good, esp. Sidecar.This spot is definitely a hidden gem in the FQ. Located right around One Eyed Jack's on Toulouse, I've passed Longway Tavern many times but had never actually gone in. Currently during December 2019, the Miracle Christmas Bar Pop-Up is happening so I finally decided to check it out. While they have the Miracle Bar Pop-Up drinks available, they still have their own cocktail menu available and some food. 
We were able to snag one of their inside tables on a Tuesday night and it surprisingly wasn't too busy. They have about 7 tables inside and some limited bar seating. Both the bartender and the server were super friendly and helpful and the bar had a really cozy Cheers-esque kind of feel. We also checked out the patio area which is absolutely picturesque, especially with the current holiday decorations and hanging lights. They had those stand-up heaters going outside, so it actually wasn't too bad for those that decided to sit in the patio vs. inside. 
We ordered a couple of their holiday drinks and those were prepared beautifully. Their regular cocktails were also tasty and fairly priced. As far as their food, we got the Steak Sandwich and the squash pancake. The portions were definitely rather small. Both items were tasty but for $16, the steak sandwich was pretty tiny. The homemade Valentina hot sauce was pretty damn good though! The squash pancake had some kind of surprise mayo that wasn't on the menu description so we had to scrape that off. 
Will definitely be back for drinks but will probably opt to only snack here/eat elsewhere after instead of trying to do a full meal here on a date night.Really excited about this addition to the FQ as I love having a fun place to walk after work for happy hour drinks!  The cocktail list is interesting and varied.  I tried the Florodoro and it was really unique.  I have tried the calamari, the salmon confit, the home fries, and the bread and butter.  The salmon confit is absolutely delicious and beautifully presented.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  I sat inside but the outdoor patio is charming.  Can't wait to go back and try more things!The food is unreal.  Native NOLA living in NYC and cane here looking for an afternoon and got a top notch meal!  The menu is so creative and this will be the top rec to friends visiting french quarter from now on.Drinks are so good! Great for groups lots of music. Make sure your okay with the noise! Have fun! Talk loud! Drink a lot!We stopped here on our first night in the city and are so glad we did! There wasn't a wait which surprised us considering it's a Saturday night. I had the kiss me rose cocktail and my husband had a Guinness, and both were fantastic. Dinner was great too! You order shareable plates that are served as they're prepared, so everything was fresh and piping hot. Highly recommend the squash and peas!Awesome spot. Great vibe, and the food is amazing! Lucky to find this bar/restaurant while trying to escape the insanity of Bourbon Street. The reviews are all accurate!It was hot and we were thirsty found the Long way. Good bartender that new how to make a cocktail and served cold beer at reasonable prices.....and they had good music(radio or jukebox) we didn't eat.Decided to try out their Coolinary menu and it was amazing! The Fig cake with rosemary ice cream was delicious and the Sidecar drink in the happy hour menu was small yet potent. Great ambiance and amazing staff. Will go againOUTSTANDING! 
I've been coming to Nola for the past 3 years and have dined at most of the notable restaurants both new and old school. Unfortunately from my experience, they have mostly fallen short of what the reviews and or articles say. I do take reviews of professional, non-professionals and travelers all with a grain of salt as I believe there are many points of view and you can't make everyone happy. 
Longway Tavern was at the end of my list this time around. Luckily, I was able to squeeze in a quick lunch (and a cocktail or two) on a moments notice...
I had the Watermelon Salad. It was just a simple solidly prepared dish in all aspects. The one thing that I have found to be a common thread in the food in New Orleans is that for "my" preference the dishes often lack acidity. Especially the dishes that are fattier... which, well it is New Orleans after all and it is to expected. But, this dish was refreshing as it had enough acidity to counter the pork belly. 
I also had the Cobbler and the Colada. Both were equally good and again just straight forward and balanced cocktails.
The server/bartender at the bar was awesome. Attentive at the right times. 
Don't miss this gem. To bad for me, it was my last day in New Orleans, otherwise I would have gone to dinner too.Six stars!  This is the best new restaurant in New Orleans since Saba and Shaya ... rush here to try the creative dishes.  The Cassoulet was the best vegan dish we've had and to balance things out the wagyu sandwich was divine.  We had draft Guinness and a great selection of Irish whiskeys and bourbons.  Great service too.  No question Longway Tavern is an award winner.Such a cute little bar and eatery. The shot specials are awesome and bartender approved! Stopped by after White Linen for some light bites and libations, who knew that I would find a hidden gem so close to bourbon street?! They have a beautiful courtyard also. Go check this place out, it's totally worth a visit!The Longway is a very lovely space with great food and a friendly hospitable staff. Very much enjoyed my visit.Brand new to the neighborhood and already exceeding my expectations. First impressions include a friendly staff and beautiful courtyard in the back. We had a table of four and were served delicious cocktails immediately! The Greeña Colada was a favorite of mine. 
Everything is served tapas style, so it's best to order a multitude of plates for the table to share. I was surprised to see "Caesar salad" on the menu, but it came topped with fried chicken skin, which was to DIE for. 
Also ordered the Salmon Confit (crowd favorite, hands down), English peas, pork belly home fries (very decadent), and fried calamari. The Calamari was perfectly crisp and  paired with a nice amount of vegetables. 
This is definitely a new go to spot for when I'm hungry in the quarter!!Very nice bar. Happy hour prices for cocktails is very good value and cocktails are delicious. Food is very tasty. Servers were very friendly and attentive.Not bad. Some issues, but not too bad ll things considered.
Good: 
+Nice looking place. 
+Well appointed with a courtyard.
+The bartender on Easter evening was fun to watch and seemed really intent on making the drinks as perfect as possible while still hustling.
+The 1 dollar Miller Pony's was great for my friend who still drinks.
+A bottle of water is served with every table as soon as you come in. That was perfect for me.
+ The calamari, a bit expensive for the size, was really wall done and the flavors were spot-on.The spinach didn't overwhelm the flavors and the tiny chopped pickled peppers were a great accent.  I'd give it a 4/5
The Bad:
-I didn't know who to tip. We had no less than 4 people come to our table (sometimes with really long waits between). 2-3 for service
-The Wagyu beef sandwich. Bread was DRENCHED in butter. Which may sound great, but it was dripping so much that it was hard to eat. And if that was wagyu, it must have been the one bad cut from the entire batch because even cut thin, there were gristly bits and it was NOT tender. There were also no mushrooms like it said on the menu and the only bit I tasted with horseradish was the GIANT glob in one spot and no others. It gave us both heartburn from how soaked it was. I ended up eating my half with no bread. 2/5 for the "wagyu".
The OK:
*Whipped Lardo spread-Now I'm biased because I've had this in Italy and in some 5 star restaurants. It didn't have the herby undernotes (like rosemary) that the usual cured lardo has. It was whipped as a spread and had pickled tomatoes and some bread.  It was fine I guess. But for me Lardo is a special thing and it just didn't feel very special. Did ask for a bit more bread but like the sandwich, the second bit of bread was so drenched in butter it made it hard to eat.  3/5 for the Lardo just because it was surprising to see it but not a great version (good, but not great).
-There was one worker who, in all honesty, should not have worn to work the shirt she word to work. It was unprofessional. The back of the shirt was open, which is fine, I guess. But it was also a half/three-quarter shirt in the front so her belly was just hanging out and down over her pants and that's REALLY not what you want to see in a place that's $$$. I'm all for letting people express themselves, but this is food service as well. 
Neither good nor bad:
*It is a small place inside and the bar is so close to the tables that you can end up with someone's butt 3-5 inches from your face. Let me tell you, after Gay Easter parade, you may not be so happy with that fact...then again,. maybe you will. You do you. But when you are trying to eat and there is a hairy-butt with a thong dangling about your food, it can be more than a little off-putting...unless you are into that and again, you do you.
Recommend?
Probably to a point, yes. Like I said, the bartender was outstanding. If the kitchen eased back on the butter soaking a bit, yes, because the ideas behind the food were pretty solid. Just missed a bit on the execution.  I would like to try again sometime, just to see if it was because Easter was such a hectic day.
And like I said, if it's crowded, you just might like butts in your face at the booths.  
Different strokes, folks.On a recent week-long trip to Austin, New Orleans and Nashville, this stood out as one of the best overall dining experiences we had. All of the food was excellent -- modern, creative southern fare. And the service was just outstanding. They gave us a free (excellent)Caesar salad and round of drinks, and both the manager and our server were incredibly friendly and helpful, both regarding what to order there and other restaurant recommendations in New Orleans. We can't wait to return on our next visit.Great service, chill vibe, food was good and fast... looking forward to trying everything on the menu!I went in to this experience with no expectation other than the facade was pretty. Upon entering, there's no hostess or person to greet you,  to let you know the protocol to get a table. Approaching the bar, I was told to pick a table anywhere. So I picked a table in the courtyard(pretty weather with a lovely temperature), best part of the entire meal. The second best part of the meal was our server. He was prompt and attentive. The menu looks interesting and intriguing. The idea of using a sushi styled check box menu is fun, yet not needed for a menu that would easily fill half of an 8 1/2 x 11 sheet of paper. Next, someone needs to tells the kitchen, that restaurant is not sponsored by Morton Salt. Every item that was eaten had copious amounts of salt. So, we started with the radishes. Salted butter as a spread for raw veggies, not a problem tasted great. English peas were delicious seasoned appropriately, the cauliflower cream so yummy. Chopped salad with pickled veggies, at first was appetizing. Then we realized, that as we were encouraged to share our plates of food-tapas style- an additional salad was brought out that hadn't been ordered. Trust me one is enough. A salad vinaigrette should be used in moderation. I mean the restaurant took time to pickle their own vegetables, why not showcase them. Instead, the only taste to be found was an overly salted dressing that covered the beautiful colors and taste of the vegetables. Moreover, I'm not a fan of when a restaurant chooses to not list major ingredients on a menu(when a description/list has been given). So, we moved on to the Bolognese. No where on the menu does it mention fried chickpeas, at least I think it was chickpeas, there was at least a cup on top of the dish. The flavor of this item was similar to that of when you eat a Bolognese a day after it has been cooked by grandmother and then someone in the family, without any reason or tasting, chooses to re-season the sauce. The dish mentions spaghetti squash(it's puréed or whipped), it's not like the stringy spaghetti squash some squash connoisseurs may be used to. Either way, it won't matter what type of squash was in the dish because the only flavor that could be found was salt, salt, salt. There are culinary measures to correct these instances; though, I'm not sure those techniques are known to the kitchen staff. Sliding into the end of the meal, we selected the pork chop. I had real hopes for this item. It was the main reason I'd selected this location for dinner after looking over the menu. Upon arrival, the broccoli rabe looked charred(wasn't a great flavor-just burnt). The porkchop, which felt more like a pork loin, was not trimmed of it's fat. That is no a problem for me because that usually helps with flavor and holding in moisture. One bite is all it took to stop. It tasted like a salt. I stopped and that point my meal was over. My tongue started itching on the sides from all the salt. I hope this location gets some sense of salt levels with their food. They had some great products and wonderful platting. The flavors were just all over the place and need to reigned in. In closing, there may be another try here but I'm gonna need a bit to process all this sodium out of my body.Love Longway Tavern. Great place to hide in the French Quarter when you need to get away from anything. We take a lot of our guests here. The courtyard is small, clean, and so New Orleans. Food is tasty and creative. The potatoes are addicting, calamari was always cooked well. Staff is always helpful and attentive. We usually come in for cocktails and snacks. Hoping one day we can get to the larger plates.Interesting place, excellent mixology...good food. Charming ambience with history and warmth. 
Tasty steak sandwich on killer French bread. Shots menue with interesting chasers. 
I had excellent Irish Whiskey with a pickle juice chaser. Sounds gross, but tastes great. At three bucks a pop who can complain? 
Excellent service. Friendly, polite and fast. Steak sandwich, two shots and a great chocolate mousse was under thirty bucks plus tip. 
A true oasis two blocks off Bourbon. This place has a future.Fantastic food. Just sat at the bar. The bouillabaisse was excellent. Service was very friendly and prompt. Great small location with nice decor.Omg! Just had a nice lunch snack, the chilled ramen noodles. Amazingly delicious!!! Perfect mix of textures with the noodles, the crispy fried scallions, the crunchy pickled radish. And the broth is wonderful. Please keep this on the summer menu!Second favorite place to eat in Nola, period. The food was AMAZING. Very fresh in season ingredients. We ordered the english peas, salmon confit, home fries & succotash---- I cant decide which was our favorite one! They have an option of $199 you try ALL their items and Ajax (our most amazing server from London) recommends it for a party of 4 so I will def be back again, and again and again for more deliciousness...
Ps we had lots of Wild Turkey Bourbon 101 shots!Update: I still LOVE this place and it's my go-to when friends are visiting from out of town. The location is perfect for dinner before a night out in the quarter. Gorgeous courtyard, delicious food and fun drinks. Try the mezcal-orange Fanta shots!We recently visiting from NYC and had a great meal! Being a serious foodie, we mapped out all our choices carefully, this being a recommendation from my son & his girlfriend. We all enjoyed.... Except; how can they charge $ 8.00
For bread and butter ( the butter was delicious), & then offer us more bread & charge another $4.00!
It really left us with a bad vibe- Its not just about the money... u dont "offer"
& then charge!! So not cool!This is a must check out place! The menu is small but everything we tried was amazing! We started with the calamari....not traditional,  but crispy and delicious! The cassoulet was extraordinary,  like I want that recipe BAD! It's a great veggie plate with a ton of flavor. Do you notice all of the exclamation points?  Lol.  Then we got the chocolate and corn cake dessert. Do yourself a favor and get both....trust! You'll thank me. It's like mom's warm pie with crunch then chocolate,  saltiness,  and more crunch....EEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKKK! I'm seriously in love with this spotUsed to love this place, went back recently and service wasn't so great and the menu had completely changed, not for the better. Got the pork belly salad and it was not at all good. Also why would you get rid of the best chicken sandwich in the city? Drinks are still worthwhile, but there's plenty of cocktail bars in the city.Incredible experience. The food was killer, the vibe hip and casual and the drinks well made. Loved it!Yum yum yum!!!! great little place with a fun vibe and food is delicious! Tapas style. great for sharing!We love Longway! Creative drinks, there's always something different and yummy on the menu and the atmosphere can't be beat. Easily becoming a favorite of mine!We came to celebrate a birthday. There were 8 of us so we had to wait a little bit for a larger table because we were not allowed to push 2 tables together. They were quick to bring water and take drink orders, however as the evening went on we found ourselves constantly asking for more water. 
We ordered about half the menu: the lamb, pork, calamari, English peas, home fries, succotash, steak sandwich, chocolate and citrus dessert. It was all amazing! I don't think you can go wrong here. What particularly stood out was the lamb and chocolate mousse. Perfect blend of flavors and textures. One thing to note is that you fill out an order sheet (like at a sushi restaurant) and everything comes as prepared (the waitress did warn us about this) So there was a little awkwardness waiting with some people eating and some not. Luckily we like to share. Also there was a considerable spread in the dishes we ordered at 8 and got the last dish at 9:30 (not including dessert which we ordered later and came out quickly).
We were hoping to get a candle or something since we were celebrating a birthday...but they didn't have any.
Our bill was ~$400 for 8 people with drinks.
I would definitely go again. It's a great little oasis in the quarter. I'm not giving it 5 stars (yet) because I think they have some room to grow in the service.We were in town for the tail end of Tales of the Cocktail, and when running into a few service friends, everyone was raving about Longway Tavern. The folks who brought you Sylvain and Barrel Proof decided to put together a relaxed gastropub in one of the oldest buildings in the quarter (1794). Long story short, it's great.  
Fist thing I love about it, is how tucked in the place feels. It's not touristy, the doors aren't wide open and begging folks to walk in from the sidewalk. You'd almost miss it if you weren't looking for the place. Once in, the lights are low and the spaces are warm and inviting; nestled booths along a wall, ample bar stools and a courtyard in the back with multiple outdoor seating options. 
Drinks: They offer the familiar New Orleans cocktail standards, Sazerac, Sidecar, Martini, highball, etc. Beyond that though there's a full page of shot and backs, like an irish whiskey and pickle back or a Fernet and Mr. Pibb back. Prices are very reasonable. You can buy a $1 Miller High life or a $100 bottle of wine and everything in between. 
Food is refined bar fare. You can get a steak sandwich, Salmon Confit, fried grits or a succotash and pay around $10-$15 for a familiar but dressed up flavor and be happy. 
Service is relaxed but steady and reliable. You won't have someone hovering over your table every five minutes making sure your water glass is always at top line, but you also shouldn't be craning your neck wondering where they ran off to. In our visits, we always got what we ordered in a timely fashion and servers made sure to check in well before any drinks were dry to make sure we had another one coming. 
Longway Tavern wasn't in the plans when we arrived to New Orleans, but after our initial visit our first night in town, we just kept finding ourselves ending up there. It's a wonderful oasis in the Quarter when you're tired of the madness and want something intimate. We're looking forward to sharing our new favorite hiding spot with friends.Bartender was so rude clearly not interested in providing any kind of customer service.