Good for the Quatro Pizzia and the rosemary chicken pizza.  The vibe of the place is 1/2 tourist destination 1/2 neighbood pizza joint, they somehow kind of sort of work in a nice and stress free dining room.Loved my salad! It was dribbled with pecans and feta cheese and vinaigrette dressing. I had the chicken parmesan and my bf had the barbecue chicken pizza. The portions were big so we took it home and we ate that for dinner the next night. Great food for a great price!!!stand up indeed.
great food and staff is stellar.
I have been coming here from its inception and its as good as always been.    we had pizza salad gnocchi  super yummy.
they have great mid week specials with two for one on wednesdays and they support local charities as well.Went here because we went to the Louisiana Pizza Kitchen in the Quarter, and it was phenomenal. Sadly this is not the same restaurant as the name implies. We ordered three different kinds of pizza and all had entirely too much sauce and not enough toppings. Not to mention that no one checked back in on us until we finished the meal. 
We won't be back.The Louisiana Pizza Kitchen offers some unique combinations. Some of these are Creole-inspired, like the fried oyster pizza or crawfish etouffe. Ingredients on our pizza were fresh and tasty: roasted garlic (lots of it, which we love, and enough to scare off any vampires) with baby spinach, feta and sundried tomatoes. Most of all, service was super friendly. For a busy spot near the French Market, they were able to balance things well enough to provide a good experience for all. Prices were fair for this touristy area and quality of the food. We'd had take-out from here a year or so ago, and it was good as well.This pizza is to die for! I love the artichoke pizza and any one of their really yummy salads. ALSO one of the BEST bread pudding in New Orleans is here! This is a must have!
The service is really great, atmosphere is nothing to write home about but the pizza is realy really good with the best crust I have had.
I get this a lot as a take out with artichoke pizza and bread pudding- my guilty pleasure....yummmWhat a pleasant surprise it was to find this place.  Our table had a mix of pasta, pizzas, and salads and everyone was happy with their meal.  My pizza was a simple pepperoni and it was really, really good.  Lots of flavor and the wood fire oven makes all the difference.Stopped in while visting from Texas, food was awesome!!! Salads were really fresh, pizzas were on-point, calzones were tasty, and the meat ball po-boy was the shiiii! Great spot for sure.Saturday afternoon lunch. Prompt greeting and service.  Food was prepared deliciously and expeditiously.  I had the Italian sausage wrap and my friend had the spaghetti and chicken breast parmesean. We were both highly satisfied with the meal.  $36 is more than I'm used to paying for lunch but it was well worth it for the portion and flavors .It took forever to get greeted after we got seated and the service was incredibly slow, but the food overly made up for it!
Incredible! My friend had the Alfredo pizza and I had the lamb wrap with pesto salad. The portions, price, and flavors were in perfect harmony.
I wish we had more time to enjoy the atmosphere, but I'd recommend this place to anyone near Uptown.LPK cooks the best pizza in New Orleans. I also eat at there other location in the French Quarter often. Great Caesar salad too. I usually order a small Caesar salad to start and then a Margarita Pizza on wheat. Oh yes, that is another great thing about LPK: you can request wheat crust for your pizza. The pepperoni bacon pizza is excellent as well.Looking for a good pizza place in the french quarter. This by far is it, the pizza is organic and offered to be made gluten free for you as well. My 6 year old is a little of a picky eater And she ate 3 slices, that to me was confirmation she loved it. We ordered garlic bread, Caesar salad and a pepperoni pizza and Hawaiian they were delicious. I definitely recommend this restaurant, their service was excellent as well.Terrible and take out service took forever.  Super dry and thin crust.  My pocket bread looks nothing like the other pics.  Dry, uncut and no sauce.Great place to meet friends, have a great meal, & is never too loud to have a conversation. My friends like to meet here to watch sporting events because of its central & convenient location. The menu had something for everyone from pizza to salads. Staff is usually efficient & friendly.  Will be back!I admit it.  I was the table that servers hate to see coming. I have been in the service industry, in all aspects for all of my working life. And if I woulda been my table I doubt I would have been nearly as patient.
Cranky toddler, frazzled mom of said cranky toddler, and frazzled moms friend in tow. 
I don't always roll in LPK like that. My disclaimer is I have been coming here for years and have always had good/great service and always enjoyed my meals. I would easily, anyway, give them 4 stars.  But, after my last trip our server earned that coveted 5 stars.  I really am not the kind of person that brings a disgruntled child to a restaurant on a normal basis, but it was unavoidable. 
I'm not going to go into all the dramatic details, but that sweet waitress didn't roll her eyes, run away, or flinch at any of the shenanigans that my kid inflicted on us all.   
I always enjoy my food here.  It is consistently good.  Pizzas are tasty, they offer whole wheat or white crust.  It's thin and crispy, as they have a wood burning stove.  I tried something new last time.  The goat cheese chicken pasta.  It was almost like a chicken picatta, but with goat cheese and artichokes rather than Parm and capers.  My friend had the Spaghetti and meatballs.  It was delish, huge, with a ton of big meatballs.  Both great comfort foods, and perfect choices for a cold, nasty day.
The decor is cute and New Orleanisy with lots if local artist on display.  
They have a full bar (thank you Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey!).
I also really enjoy the French Quarter location as well.  The atmosphere is better there IMO, but this location I think is more family friendly.  
My only real complaint is that this LPK doesn't do the Parmesan beignets with the Spinich and artichoke melt, like the FQ location.  They give you crappy bagged tortilla chips.One of my favorite pizza places. Fantastic pizza and wonderful polite staff. Ceasar salad is delicious too.Every time I come home to visit this is a must stop. This is one of my top 3 pizza places to eat. My favorite is the smoked salmon. It is like eating a bagel on a pizza.Spinach canneloni, lasagne, and kitchen sink were very good. Staff was very nice and on top of thingsThe  food here was well prepared with fresh herbs, basil and mozzerella, and the service was excellent.  If you are expecting some heavy greasy pizza  it's not here!The service has improved tremendously. Greeted and seated right away. Waitress was really friendly and attentive. Food is okay. On my last visit, I was really disappointed with the spinach artichoke dip (some chips were stale, dip was lukewarm and cold in some spots, more cheese than spinach and artichoke).We originally passed this place up, but we soon realized it was one of the only restaurants with a parking lot! Don't get me wrong though, we don't regret it. All of the food was absolutely amazing, and large portions for decent prices. Only downside was they charged $2 to add onions to a side salad with no mention. The service was good but slow. We sat with empty glasses for a while once it got busy, but they were very friendly. Great place to go and would go back.Service was great. People were nice, and the atmosphere was quaint. The pizza was awful. I tried the pepperoni and the three meat. Somehow they both tasted the same. I am not a picky eater and am down with the new-wave gentrified flavors of fusion. The food was simply gross. 
Suggestion: take a step back and have people evaluate/taste test your pizza. I think the results would persuade you more than any Yelp review.This is my favorite location of this local chain and offers wood fired pizza, pasta, wraps and salads along with some other specials.  The food is generally affordable and the food isn't great but its consistently good for the most part.  Unfortunately for this establishment there are so many other fantastic restaurants in this area that I very rarely ever eat here. They have a Chase ATM that I often make use of when in this area.I've been here twice now and both times I have completely enjoyed the experience. I've tried a personal pizza, a shrimp alfredo dish, and a chicken pasta with artichoke hearts-all delicious! On my first visit, I enjoyed a $3 mimosas special (that I definitely took advantage of)-yum! Both visits, the service has been quick and the servers are so friendly and personable. Definitely a favorite place for pizza and more!Lousiana Pizza Kitchen is a good lil pizza joint that provides a lot of different pizza options not seen at other comparable pizza establishments.  I had the 3 sausage pizza(it has a name but I don't feel like going to their website to find the proper spelling.  It's a free yelp review, if they paid me, I'd try harder.) it consisted of aliigator, italian and andoille sausages,  It was pretty good but felt more gimmicky then "OMG wow good".  My kids each got a cheese and pepporni pizza which were both what you would expect.  I have had their BBQ chicken pizza and that is really good.  
It's a nicer establishment than the FQ location and the wait staff is much more attentive.  If you are looking for different pizza toppings then this is the place for you.  If you want the usual cheese, pepperoni, etc, I'd stick with Slice or Brooklyn.This is a great place to eat.  Pizza has fresh ingredients and PO Boys were delicious too. Food was generous quantity. Overall great service. Must try!Really friendly staff matches a fantastic, varied, and regional menu.  Simon's art work bespectacles the wallsDelicious. Pleasant atmosphere. Fast service. Had the toasted wild mushroom raviolis with aoili dipping sauce and the roasted chicken pizza. Have been here dozens of times since the 90's and love that they are consistent.I agree with Briana. I haven't reviewed this place before but I too have always wondered why people have so much love for it.  It's ok, not great, hence the 3 stars.  I usually get their greek pizza when I have gone.  I have been here on more than one occasion and again it never "wowed" me.
If you are looking for pizza and a family environment this is your place but for me I would rather have Slice.  it's less money and I feel the pizza is much better.
The service has never been good here every time I have gone, it's as if you are putting the waitresses "out" by having them wait on you.  Getting a refill here is going to be a rare thing and other than sitting you down, immediately taking your order and handing you your first beverage, dont expect much..I had the Classic Calzone and it was so good! Perfectly cooked and had a good amount of sausage, cheese, and sauce! Also it was huge going to have left overs for the next couple days! Also fired the margarita pizza and it was good too but the crust was kinda tough. Overall a good Resturant!Really good food the po boys are amazing. From out of town and came up on this place by mistake but great environment.I came in here during lunch with a friend. We both ordered the garlic bread for our appetizer and i had the Mediterranean pasta and my friend ordered the chicken wrap.
I must say the prices are decent for the good amount of portions they give you. I love garlic bread, especially theirs, theirs was a flatbread type garlic bread which i like because it's less greasy than other garlic bread. 
They have a large selection of different types of food other than pizza, such as wraps, pastas, calzones. 
The Mediterranean pasta was very good, I will go back and try their pizzas.Love the combinations of the Greek Pizza, it was delicious. Unfortunately I wasn't too crazy about the crust.Just had our favorite meal while in NOLA. Glad we didn't find it until our last day because all of the French Quarter meals would have highly disappointed. Chicken Parm Po'Boy was excellent and came with Caesar Salad and Tomato Basil Bisque (both superb). Server (Maddie I think) suggested the goat cheese pecan salad as a side for my wife. Wife commented 3 times while eating it that it was the beat salad that she's ever had. We originally planned to go to Camallia Grill but changed our minds when we saw the line. LPK was not officially open but the greeted us and let us enter early. Great food, great atmosphere. Only down side is that I can't take them home to PA with me.Always has been a great place to grab a nice artisan pizza without a big hassle.  I prefer the pizzas and salads to any other menu items but I believe overall the offerings are good.  I always go for the Roasted Chicken & Black Bean pizza with a pecan/goat cheese salad that is dressed with a wonderful creamy balsamic which is new to me... I'd like to have my own at home.  In general if you want to sit down and eat you'll find it comfortable enough although it's not my favorite dining environment.  Give the whole wheat crust a try, it's very thin and rarely bone dry which is something I look for... Enjoy!Not impressed at all. The food was very bland. The calamari was hard and greasy,  the marinara sauce, had no flavor. Same thing with the Alfredo sauce my pizza was under cooked and also lacked flavor. The only thing that we did like was the bread pudding, other then that...  we will not be coming back.   : /I seemed to have missed something... For how busy the place was and all the great reviews, this place definitely seems like a favorite for many. It was just an okay dinner for me though. 
I split two pizzas (pepperoni and roasted garlic with sundried tomatoes) with the boyfriend. Those aren't the most exciting pizzas ever, but for me to not be completely satisfied with them is sayin' something. I'd go to Reginelli's, Slice, and Theo's before LPK for a staple pepp pizza any day. It wasn't bad but definitely not great either. The roasted garlic sure was a pretty pizza though. And the pepp had about half an inch of gooey, yummy cheese. The crust reminded me of pita bread. 
This location is definitely more family oriented and less interesting than the French Quarter location. I do enjoy this little corner of restaurants where S. Carrollton meets St. Charles though. 
I was there on a Friday night, it for sure was busy but we were seated pretty quickly. Service was friendly and I checked out all the art by Simon on the walls from my seat while I waited. Maybe if I got one of their speciality pizzas like the "Kitchen Sink" I would have been more impressed, but we kept it simple and LPK failed to fully deliver a pizza punch.This is good pizza!  My wife and I chose this for lunch one day while visiting family at Ochsners.  I had the smoked salmon pizza and she had the shrimp pizza.  Both were amazing....  the dough and crust are not what you would expect.  I don't even know how to explain it it.  I wasn't crunchy or hard, it wasn't chewy either.  All I can say is it was perfect.  They have lots of different specialty pizzas and they are willing to work with you on making your pizza exactly what you want.Excellent food. I ordered takeout because I wanna as in a hurry so I really can't judge the service. However, while I waited for my meal to be ready, I was offered water which was very nice. It has been very hot here in New Orleans so that was a good surprise. I ordered the vegetable pizza and the black bean pita. Both were so phenomena mental. My food came out quickly and I had as so glad for that! Will be returning very soon.Always a good place.  They have so much more than pizza and a great 2 for 1 drink special on Wednesdays.  Very friendly and welcoming place with tasty food.  If you do get a pizza, the Margarita is really good and their crust is the best!  It's nice, thin, and flaky.I wish I had ordered Domino's (and I don't even like Domino's.)
I ordered take out from Louisiana Pizza Kitchen and was told it would be twenty minutes. By the time they put my order together while I was waiting, it had been over an hour since I arrived to pick it up.
I guess it was sitting out for a long time before they actually gave it to me, because when we opened the box, our pizza was cold. Really, cold. There was too much cheese and no sauce. I ordered the vegetarian pizza (I'm not a vegetarian) and looked forward to squash and zucchini and other yummy veggies listed on the menu.  There were only a few thinly sliced squash and zucchini pieces, no mushrooms, and a few shreds of carrots. The crust was good, thin and crispy, but again, cold.
The Cesar salad tasted good. Spicy and full of flavor. I ordered the large, but it was barely enough for myself and two girlfriends. 
I wouldn't order from here again and I won't be back.My girlfriend and I were driving around running errands and decided to check this place out for lunch. While walking in the door, you are greeted by the aroma coming from the wood burning oven!! That got me excited on its own.
The menu was OK, but I felt like it was a pizza place that just added other things to the menu so that it was not solely a pizza place. With that being said, the BBQ chicken pizza and Margarita pizza that we ordered were really good.So here's the thing - I went here because people (both on yelp and locals during conversation) recommended the place for their excellent bread pudding. I love bread pupping, so while in NOLA, I wanted some great bread pudding. This places bread pudding is not good - I've had wayyyyy better. The espresso is decent and the staff is friendly enough.Excellent pizza. Got the three meat pizza and the sausage was really tasty! Pasta was pretty boring though. The bread they bring after you sit down is great though. So in general the food was above average.
Very cheap drink specials!
Service was excellent. Quick, funny, and friendly.The best place to eat uptown New Orleans! The staff is super friendly and everything we ate was delicious!Definitely one of my pizza places (I was recently informed that each location is individually owned!).  I really love BBQ chicken pizza, and usually I hate thin crust, but they do it just right here.  All the pizzas are thin crust and personal-sized.  Don't plan to split a pizza.  For us, they aren't big enough to split and not small enough to finish!  We do love the left overs, though!
Good for kids, good for groups, good for pizzas and soups!
Also, surprisingly good place to watch the game.  Not a lot of people are here for games, but they have drinks and TVs and it's not really loud here!Served our party of 11 quickly.  I had the pulled pork po boy and the kids had personal pizzas.  Very good.No joke. Actually trash. I sat and waited for 20+ minutes for them to come and ask what we wanted to eat. I almost walked the hell out. Then I passed out from the garbage music that they were BLASTing in my fucking ear. 
This place reeks of fucking baklava. 
0/5With wood-fired pizza,
its hard to go wrong.
Despite that beginning, 
this post won't be long.
Parking can be challenging,
the lot is quite small.
but you are in Uptown,
not stuck in a mall.
Beverages come plenty,
Iced teas and some Coke.
A full bar for service,
but the price will make you choke.
The menu is large,
Not just wood-fired Pie.
Salads, wraps and pasta,
but the Pizza - oh my.
The thin crust is crisp,
not soggy or limp.
My favorite Roasted Lamp,
but I do love the Shrimp.
The options are varied;
Your crust can be wheat.
Choose a standard selection,
or make one complete.
The pies are Italian,
Quattro Formaggi and Margherita.
If Pie isn't your thing,
They have wraps made of Pita.
The Greek and the Garlic,
you cannot go wrong.
I've tried quite a few,
4 stars, they belong.We've been there several times and every time the food is exceptional. The atmosphere with the music and local art for sale on the walls is happy. The waitstaff are always kind and attentive. I highly recommend this place if you want to eat a little Italian and relax.Loved this restaurant. Great menu choices, I had angel hair pasta shrimp scampi, my husband had Mac and cheese with shrimp and Andalou sausage, yum!!Staff is very friendly but the food is eh. The pizza was depressing looking with little to no sauce and pale color but the toppings had decent flavor (3meat pizza). The "bruschetta" appetizer was warm tomato sauce with basil, mushrooms and tons of garlic. Not what I expected or wanted at all. The staff had no problem removing the item from my check and gave me a beignet lagniappe. Probably won't return.Ordered the mushroom ravioli as an appetizer, pretty good. Entree was the chicken masala, probably the worst I've ever had. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.Went here for lunch today with my sister and brother. The 
Food was decent and the service was excellent. I'm a snob when it comes to pizza because of the past 6 years in NYC but I'd eat it again. We especially appreciated that we were donating 25% of our lunch to The Covenant House. Props to LPK for that.This was my 2nd and last time ordering food from this restaurant. The first time I ordered my salmon pizza, it was burnt and unsliced. The second and last time I ordered, it was cold,hard,flaky and still unsliced. What a waste of $23 from UBER EATS!Don't go here hungry and expect to get your food fast. This was the SLOWEST service I've ever seen in my life. 
Pizza & calzones were good. Calzone could be enough for 2 people. 
The First Ladies bathroom stall was out of toilet paper. Overall, ladies bathroom was fairly clean. 
I was going to order an adult beverage and was told by our server they were out of 5 different wines and Jack Daniels. I wanted to order a mixed drink (sex on the beach) but they don't carry peach schnapps. I opted for water! I never drink water at a restaurant!It's good, but not great. I'd rather just go to La Madeleine next door. My favorite pizza is the Smoked Salmon. It has a dollop of the caviar in the center and also has red onions and capers. All the flavors compliment each other very well. The roasted Duck pizza is a mix of everything that should never belong together. The pepperoni tastes average in the land of pepperoni. The escargot is yummy and highly advised for an appetizer.This place is definitely going on my list of top pizza venues. The pizza was everything and get this: it was only a plain pepperoni pizza. There is just something about freshly made pizza that hits the spot better than an average Pizza Hut. The service is friendly and the menu makes it feasible for children to order without being a glutton. All of the best pizza, pasta, and salad choices are available on this menu. Did I mention this was one of the best pizzas I've ever had? I would recommend this location strictly because it's always beautiful in this part of town. I will be coming back when I get an itching for pasta or pizza. It loses a star  only because of the parking. The lot is small but it's worth it!My brother loves going to this place when he visits here. I had forgotten about it. It was his first choice for dinner after I picked him up from the airport!
It's a cozy little location at the Riverbend. They have a variety of funky artwork inside. The staff is very friendly and attentive.
We split the Quattro Formaggi Pizza and a spinach salad. It was plenty of food for the both of us. (They also give you complimentary  sun dried tomato rolls.) The pizza was awesome. It tasted like a combination of lasagna and pizza.
I would have to say this is my current favorite pizza in the city. I look forward to going back soon!the prices here were cheaper than the French quarter location. pizza was not as good. I like that fried pickles were an option on this menu though. the shrimp pizza was meh.Overall, this place is simple fresh food that's kid friendly. The waitstaff is really good! This review is for my favorite meal there, the lasagna. It's handcrafted for each serving which is awesome because it doesn't have that sticky, gummy casserole taste. The sauce is really good and it's fresh and delish and so amazingly cheap... Under $10! I can get a yummy aside Caesar and it's all under $15. For a family on a budget this is a great family date night place. It's also close to the levee so we can head to the Fly after dinner for an evening walk on the Mississippi.Came for lunch and the feta cheese salad, pepperoni pizza, and tea. They were 5 stars!!!! For sure!!!!
The service was a 3. Not sure the reason for the absentee waiter. The restaurant only had our table and 2 other occupied. It took him a while to come back and check on us after our order.
Would return. I hope our next experience is better.A friend of mine recommended this place, as I love pizza and trying new places. This was a home run in my opinion. I was told to try the Thunderbird, and it lives up to its name. Fantastic. I loved the deep dish. It's hard to find a place that does a decent one.  I can't wait to try other pizzas at this place. I will definitely be back.Had a pepperoni and jalapeño pizza on wheat, wow, amazing. Ready in like 10-15 minutes.  Loaded with jalapeños. Check out the photo.Always an enjoyable experience. The staff is courteous and accommodating. The food is never disappointing.Went there for Fathers Day and got there early before the crowd.
The only negative is the parking. Had to park next door at the bank but they were closed so it wasn't a problem.
As for the food. GREAT.
I had the cheese pizza that was one of the best I ever had. We have been to Italy and this was in competition.
Others in our group and pasta and other type dishes and everyone was happy, happy, happy.
The service was great.
The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because I am very stingy with my stars.
I willm make up for it by going backThe pizza is just fine though mine was a little undercooked. Maybe because I was waiting on it as a walk-in to go order. 
I got a cheese with extra sauce on whole wheat. 
1. Crust was good but needed to cook more to get more flavor from it and crunch of which there was none. 
2. The sauce at LPK is mild, in the past there wasn't much on there so I asked for extra. Extra or not it didn't really change things much.
3. Wow too much cheese, it kinda just slipped right off. Maybe cause of the extra sauce. 
Regardless the cheese taste fresh and clean and seemed to be of a high quality. 
Pizza took about 10 min to cook and the service was just fine and pleasant.
The thing that gets me about this place is they are so close to being a really good pizza but always fail and I have to settle for enjoyable instead of amazing.First the good: their salads are delicious. If you order those, you'll be happy. The only reason this is getting two stars at all is due to the fact that I can order a decent salad here.
The bad: the Italian classics on their menu are so poorly executed, they shouldn't be served in any restaurant. The primavera tastes bland, the pesto is thin and doesn't taste at all like pesto, and their marinara in anything is like tomato sauce from a can.
Take the alfredo dish as an example. We used to go here a lot - two years ago I would order plain alfredo pasta here and it was great every time. Creamy sauce with al dente pasta that was seasoned right with parmesan, nutmeg and black pepper. Great.
I don't know if they changed chefs since then, but the last 5 times we've gone and I've ordered the dish, it's been heinously inedible. It's like they take half and half [rather than heavy whipping cream] and thicken it with flour, throw some dried out parmesan on top, and toss it with some overcooked pasta that is mushy and awful. And whatever smattering of black pepper and nutmeg is put in the dish tastes like the pre-ground bulk stuff you get in a plastic jug rather than what it should be which is freshly ground on the spot.
Also, the tomato basil soup is watery. The wild mushroom ravioli is fried too long so it's very greasy.
We've gone back a lot because we used to really like the food. But I don't think we'll return anymore. Five failed visits is enough. Please bring back whoever used to make sure good italian food was served in this italian restaurant.Not bad. I liked it. Kitchen sink and four cheese are my favorite. Nice atmosphere. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Fabulous! Went with my buddy Lou, who's a local, and I thoroughly enjoyed my first-ever experience of "Family" night at LPK. Who knew that Wednesdays could be so festive! The drinks were all BOGO and the wood-fired "Kitchen Sink" pizza...richly layered with flavors and textures! The staff was great too. A definite fave on my list...especially on Wednesdays!!Amazing! Best pizza I've ever had and that says a lot; considering we have a family of 5 that eats pizza quite often. No more commercial pizza chains for us! Excellent choice hubs! -update- I had to take a star away, going to get take out at night was less than par. Smdh! C'mon y'all I know you have the potential! *fingers crossed*Wednesday is 2 for 1 drinks. Great hump day. Pizza and pastas are delicious...haven't been disappointed yet.Hadn't been here in a while and had forgotten how good it is. Had the Dijion Chicken Wrap--simply the best pita wrap I've ever had. All the ingredients were SO fresh! And the pita, instead of the usual cardboard-y wrap, was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The secret? It's made from the same dough as they use to make their pizza crust. Brilliant! The  pesto pasta salad that came with it was also yummy and almost a meal unto itself.
I also ordered the Pasta Marinara over angel hair pasta w/meatballs. There were lotsa meatballs and the dish left me with a smile on my face--it tasted like the way my Mom makes spaghetti and meatballs only better. I didn't expect to eat all of the generous portion but I cleaned my plate. And, no I'm not a pig (nor was I starving) but I went on their weekly "Dining with a Purpose" Tuesday so I was eating for a worthy cause, and half of the pita wrap and pesto salad made for a perfect dinner that evening. Btw, both of these dishes were very reasonably priced at $9.95.
If you're looking for tasty casual dining, this is the place. I'll be back soon!
Came back a week later and had the Caesar salad (very good) and the Roasted Duck Pizza--out of this world! I love duck and there was a generous amount on the pizza. The grapes and grape demiglaze on it was a brilliant touch, the sweetness of the grapes beautifully contrasting with the savoriness of everything else. One of the best pizzas I've ever had!My boyfriend and I haphazardly decided to eat lunch here, mainly because it was close to his house and neither of us were really craving anything. Restaurant choices are usually up to me since I'm the vegetarian and pizza is always a welcomed compromise for us both.  He got the BBQ Chicken Pizza (chicken, corn, scallions & mozzarella cheese) and I had the always classic Margarita Pizza (roma tomatoes, fresh basil & mozzarella cheese). Both pizzas are priced under $9 for a 10" personal pie that was definitely enough for 2 meals. 
The smell of a real wood-burning oven will ignite your senses the minute you walk in. The staff was friendly and I loved all the artwork on the walls. The whimsy of this place is unlike any other place I've been.  Once I've tried all the other places on my list of must-eat-ats in New Orleans, I'll venture here again.I like clean, friendly down to earth places and this restaurant didn't disappoint. The Napolitano pizza was really good.Super friendly and helpful server.  
Delicious andouille sausage sampler on a pile of deliciously sweet sautéed onions and a mustard sauce that was also good on our shrimp pizza. Tip: if you are heat-averse, leave the jalapeños on,  and remove them after its served to get their flavor without the heat.  Pizza had a nicely browned,  (not burned) thin crust with a generous helping of cheese. 
Pleasant casual atmosphere. Plenty of parking.  Can't think of anything I would improve upon. here.What did I just eat? That was not a calzone. This place needs help. I watched the "chef" go get products from next door still had freezer frost on it. Blatantly not caring about quality like I see wit most places in NOLA. I'm going to give honest reviews. Get it together LPK your quality has dropped way down over the years.The fried green tomato and shrimp poboy was delicious. So was the Chicken & Andouille Gumbo and Red Beans and Rice. Ordered through UberEats and it was delivered FAST and HOT! Plenty of utensils and napkins too.My husband and I just had a couple of pizzas and salads tonight.  The service was excellent. Food was good.  But here is the funny thing.  We realized about half way through our meal that we were the only heterosexual couple in the whole restaurant, and it completely filled up while we were there.  Not that we care, we don't , but we felt a little out of place.Went here as a "Plan C" bc the line for Camelia Grill was insane and so was the line for Cooter Brown's:(  It was lunch and the menu was OK.  I had the Calzone (very filling) and wife got a chicken salad which she was satisfied with.  Overall, the place is a good backup restaurant that I would go to again but not if I could get into Camelia or Cooter's first.