The best pizza in NOLA!!  Nice place to go if you are in the NOLA area and you love pizza..LOVE the staff and LOVE the food. every time I have my monthly dinner there with my boyfriend it is always a pleasure to eat here!!crust and variety of pizza options are decent. the caesar salad dressing is vinaigrette-based. decent beer selection. pizza pies are kind of small for the price.Omg! This place is amazing! You have to try their four cheese pizza! It's the best pizza I've ever had, and I've had pizza in Texas,Florida and New York. I usually go for plain cheese and I might add some jalepenos if I'm feeling jazzy but F*ck the four cheese was good! And the chocolate cake! Yaaaasss!!!Wheat Crusted Pizza cooked in a wood fired oven on the edge of the French Quarter. It doesn't get any better. If you are not satisfied with your pie, send it back, they will fix it and make it right. Only twice have I had to return my pie in 7 years of dining here. There are many other items that are top shelf on the menu. I have tried almost all of them. The service is extremely attentive to your needs. Dine in or out and the wine selection and pour are terrific.I dine out 4 -5 times a week in our city and this place is at the top of my regular rotation. We locals love it.This is one of my favorite places to visit when I come to NOLA. But,  today,  the service was terrible.  We came in and it wasn't busy.  We were quickly seated right by the server area. Then we were forgotten about. Once again,  it wasn't busy. There were at least 6 empty tables. We sat there for 15 to 20 minutes and were never checked on for drink orders. Did I say that they weren't busy......  Just terrible service.  So,  we left. 
Very big disappointment.Everything is amazing yummy!!! Fantastic service! Great decor! Love it! (Bathroom is a little gross but not enough to take off a full star.)Definitely will be returning on our next trip to New Orleans! Had a caesar salad to start out with and it was really good. Croutons were awesome. We got an appetizer of pocket bread and it was ehhh OK. We tried dipping it in marinara but that was not a good combination and it was really dry. We split the roasted garlic pizza and you could tell every ingredient was very fresh. I wouldn't get to close to people after eating the pizza because they were not shy with the garlic.  To top it off, we ended with the creme brulee and it was delicious! It had a weird smoky taste to the top but it was a great end to a great meal.Awesome spot across from  market street for great pizza. Crawdad pizza, check, eggplant pizza, check, pepperoni pizza, check, etouffe, check. CRAB PUFF APPS AWESOME! Awesome pasta dishes, check. Hughmungo rediculous desserts, check. Is everything fresh? Yup! The view is of Market street and their is great art everywhere. Great stop for everybody and east on the pocket book.This was unexpectedly wonderful pizza. The appetizer bread was cooked to perfection and served with a heavenly marinara sauce. The ambience is inviting and there were plenty of seats at 5pm. You could tell they were going to fill up later since 4 of the 16 tables were reserved for later tonight. We ordered the Margherita Pizza with extra tomatoes and it was amazingGood pizza, service and wine lost. Highly reccomend the garlic bread, suggest leaving out the creme brûlée.UPDATE: I just ate here today and ordered the Wild Mushroom Linguine Pasta... FIVE STARS!!! It was delicious. Don't bother getting garlic bread though - it's not very good. Try this pasta. You won't regret it!
I can't ever get enough pasta or pizza. They have awesome fried Calamari too, by the way. The food is great, but since I work around the corner I can't say anything about the staff since I only order to take out. Can't go wrong with this place.Went last night with family and friends, had a great time. We havn't been in three years and I will say that last time was not so good. last night we had several different pizzas and all were very good as well as the calamari. The service was quite good also.I enjoy going here often for lunch.  They have thin crust pizza baked in a wood burning oven.  I especially like that they offer wheat crust at no extra charge!  With roasted garlic, vegetarian, Greek, and margarita pizzas offered, how can you go wrong.  Very delicious pizza and tasty wraps!  I also enjoy that they decorate their walls with works by local artists, which you can purchase.  Thus, the decor often changes with new art. 
Awesome place for eating healthy pizza in the French Quarter!Had their fried oyster pizza, pepperoni pizza, mushroom stuffed ravioli, ceased salad, and the pocket bread. Every one of those items set the standard for their respective categories. You and I  have had a lot of pizza, and these are some of the best I have ever had. Don't be afraid to drench it all in that unbelievable olive oil that they got on the tables. The service we had was also on par for the course. Overall, if you skip this joint, you are missing out.Surprisingly good pizza! Nice find!
I half expected this to be a tourist trap given is close proximity to the French Market but was pleased and surprised to find one of the best roasted garlic thin crust pizzas I've ever had! We arrived after the lunch time rush so we had no issue finding a table and our server was attentive. My husband and I split a pan and we both had about 3-4 decent sized slices from it. They offer beer and mixed drinks but we were so hung over, we were happy with diet cokes.Had grilled artichokes for an appetizer and then a few pizzas.   Lots of garlic on the Roasted garlic pizza along with spinach, feta, and sun dried tomatoes.   The crust is really thin for a wood fired pizza, but holds up well to the toppings.My whole family thoroughly enjoyed our lunch.
I had the grilled artichoke hearts and spinach salad. Both were delicious. My husband and kids shared two pizzas that they all loved. We will definitely be back. A hidden gem in the city for a casual and delicious meal.Great food, nice clean and cozy atmosphere. Has both vegan and carnivore options which is nice to have in a meat and seafood city like New Orleans. Excellent pizzas and good  Cajun options too. Went there twice in one trip because we all liked it so much. There are enough options that everyone in our group got something different both times.Over priced italian. The pizzas are thin and only satisfactory. My draft beer was served in a warm glass, not chilled. The lasagna was decent but too expensive, not able to share. Food is so inexpensive, especially Italian ingrediants, I just dont understand why it costs so much. For 1 lasagna, 1 salad, 1 pizza, and 1 spaghetti, 1 beer, 1 house glass of cab--$90 (with tip). The place is cool, the service is friendly otherwise. Pizzas are too small for an adult to share.My waiter Dustin was wonderful and my pizza was the best j have had in years. As a local I'm very impressedWhat an under-appreciated gem! Their pizzas are unique and always delicious; the entree salads are also a great way to try to stay on the healthy side of things, although nothing here is gonna be too over the line in that regard. 
Wine list is one of the best in town as far as I'm concerned--diverse choices at great price points. 
Service is usually on top of things, and atmosphere is good, particularly if it's nice weather and you sit outside and watch the French Market go by. 
They also do takeout for those nights when you want to stay in and still enjoy a good meal.Amazingly good lasagna - some of the best I've ever tried. Excellent prices and great service.The only thing I do not like about the LPK is that it is so far from my home.  I live in Denver, and this restaurant is in New Orleans.  Last night, I stopped in for a pie as if I needed a reminder why I love this place.  This may well be the best, thin-crust pizza anywhere.  
It only comes in one size, the 10" personal, and it will cost you $9.00 to $14.00, but it is worth it.  Try the whole wheat crust.  The crust is perfect.  It has just the right flavor, texture, and crispness with no aftertaste.  If you think you like "delivery pizza," it's time to put that "stuff" down, and get over to the LPK to clear our your taste buds.  You'll never be happy with anything delivered again. 
Perfect is the only word I can think of that accurately describes ever aspect of this pizza from the crust to the sauce to the toppings.  No matter what they charge, eat this pizza - your taste buds will thank you.Sometimes there's a wait but it's worth it. The waiter offered our dog a water bowl and is always nice when we have to bring her with to sit outside. Been here 4 times in the last 3 months and I love it. We split a pizza and a caesar salad. Yum!$12 for a personal pepperoni pizza?? Seriously? $10 salad? This place is worthless. WAY TOO MUCH MONEY! 4 people paid $60. Stupid. Anytime I regret paying for food means it was no good. Want good pizza? Go to Slice on St.Charles where you can get awesome pizza for $3 per HUGE slice.
Bottom line, don't eat here.It's a quaint place.  The service was friendly and courteous.  We split a Caesar salad and then a chicken and black bean pizza. I can't remember what they called it, but it was wonderful.  Beans, avocado, sour cream, and chicken.  The crust was nice and held up well.  I would return for a nice good meal with good service.Loved this place! The pizza was fantastic. Must try!!!!
The Margherita Pizza and Pineapple Pizza were really good and huge! The brownie with ice cream of course was the best.Good pizza, just OK service. The ingredients are fresh and the pizzas are much better than those of a fast food chain, without beign exceptional.Food is very tasty with an eclectic menu that also includes basic entrees for simpler pallets. 
Customer service was great during a very busy lunch rush when the staff was slammed. 
Casual friendly close environment.Great place..... I had a pizza, open oven cooked   It was really cook to perfection large serving. It was more than enough had some for later. Enjoyed this place   Will be backThe pizza is very good but the size was way too small for two people.  We wished the menu specified that the pizza size was more of an individual size.  There were a total of 4 slices and it was $10.00.  We both left the restaurant still hungry.GF babes!! This is your place when visiting Nola. Come for lunch on a weekend or order takeout is best! So goodThis is a perfect spot for a restaurant. It's right in the French market in the french quarter, and right near the water. We dined there on 2/9/14 and had an absolute delicious meal. Highly recommend the BBQ chicken pizza. the pizza is one size and can feed 1-2 for dinner or 3 for a snack if you want to share. the menu is the right size and variety and the service is great. This time of year its opened up an airy with the breeze coming from the water. Really great place to eat in the Quarter.Solid pizza joint down near Frenchman. Had the prosciutto and egg pizza which was very good. Perfect meal for 2 people.Authentic pizza with a gourmet flair.  Had to come and leave a review because I have a tendency to take it for granted and all of these review of this place in bywater make me-- well, ugh!  At Louisiana pizza kitchen you can get an awesome pizza- (I personally like the smoked salmon pizza).  And I'm glad it's not a take off of some Brooklyn pizza, it's way better NYC could ever dream of being.   Add a bottle of Chimay Gold Reserve (and yes they do have the goblets) for an ultra experience.  If you want to make it extra nice, get a seat outside on a mild day and enjoy the sights and sounds of the quarter.It's often difficult to find a decent gluten free pizza.  The eggplant and pesto gluten free pizza was fantastic.  One of the better crusts I've found in my travels. The service was outstanding. Everyone was very friendly and attentive.$12 for a personal pepperoni pizza?? Seriously? $10 salad? This place is worthless. WAY TOO MUCH MONEY! 4 people paid $60. Stupid. Anytime I regret paying for food means it was no good. Want good pizza? Go to Slice on St.Charles where you can get awesome pizza for $3 per HUGE slice.
Bottom line, don't eat here.Close to the French Market and parking lot. We sat at the patio, literally on the street. Waiters were fine. We had a little Italy and a mushroom pizza. The little Italy is fantastic! Kids loved it. And their Alfredo just killed it. I could eat that three times a day! Everyone loved that pasta so so much.Great place for a vegan in new Orleans to eat at! They have daiya cheese for pizza and a new beyond meat veggie burger that taste just like a real burger! It was so good and we highly recommend this restaurantHands down my favorite Vieux Carre place to eat!  I have been coming here for years, and I can not remember one bad experience.  The foods always delish and the waitstaff superb.  
Anytime my sister comes in, or me an my bff (hehe!) wanna celebrate a birthday, or just have a relaxing girls night we come here.  
I've pretty much had or someone at my table has had everything on the menu.  I can report that there has never been any disappointments. Some of my favorites are, the salad with pecans and goat cheese, the Spinich and artichoke dip with this yummy, fried, parmesan bread beignets.  The pepperoni classico, and tomato basil soup.  I also really like the salmon pizza, but I have to be in the right mood for it.  The crust is wood fired and they also offer whole wheat crust for those trying to be a little healthy.   The lasagna is tasty too.  
They have a nice wine list, and sitting outside (weather permitting) sipping a glass of red wine and people watching is a wonderful way to pass the afternoon.Headed over to Louisiana Pizza Kitchen for their brunch a couple days ago. The Camilia Grill was packed and had almost an hour wait so we walked across the street to try out something new. 
We were the only people in the place for a while and the service was really slow. Maybe they were just opening up or maybe they were short-staffed. But by the time we ate, I felt like we could have waited at Camilia. But let me say this, they were very friendly and accommodating and despite the longer than average wait to eat, we were sat immediately and drinks were prompt. This would not keep me from coming back again. 
I had the Tuscan Frittata. It was pretty good. The chicken was well seasoned and the goat cheese added a creaminess that was nice. But overall it was under seasoned and really needed a couple tomatoes or some acidity to balance the dish. 
My wife got a Frittata as well and said she really enjoyed her. It appeared to be a Southwestern style frittata with salsa and jalapeños. 
The kids got breakfast pizzas and they were consumed with the vigor and gusto of a hound dog. I wish I could have tasted it, because it looked fantastic. 
The food at Louisiana Pizza Kitchen is pretty good, the coffee was good as well. I do think they're a bit overpriced. But that being said, I enjoyed it and would go again for lunch or dinner.I will never come back here, based on the intolerable rudeness of the waitress.
After walking for hours we stopped here to eat, starving.  When our pizza came out, the waitress ignored it and kept chatting with the cook about what she did the night before.  After waiting a while, and confirming to myself that it had to be our pizza getting cold on the counter, I walked over, said 'excuse me, this is ours' and took the pizza back to the table to eat.  The waitress proceeded to rudely chastise me for getting the pizza myself, and we ended up arguing, while I should have been eating.  It's one thing to not do your job because you are incompetent, but a complete other level to unnecessarily yell at a customer.  That person should not be in any job that involves personal interaction, and I will certainly never give this establishment my business ever.
I did eventually eat some of the pizza because I was so hungry, but I couldn't tell you how it tasted.  My GF said that her salad was good.Pretty impressed with the pizza here considering we just entered the restaurant because it was the first place that caught our attention after spending the whole morning on a tour. We came in during the early afternoon and shared a cheese pizza. The pizza was a well sized thin crust pizza that was very good. The staff was very attentive and our food came out pretty quickly. Wish I could have returned for dessert as they had a long list  posted on the wall of interesting and decadent sounding desserts.Just are and what a great meal it was a long walk but so worth it. I had the fettuccine with shrimp my friends had fettuccine with chicken and spaghetti and wonderful meatballs but the SAUCE I wanted to take the marinara home I saved some from the garlic bread....Vegan and gluten free for those of you in need. Airy market side location.
Food excellent! Waitress to be desired, but maybe not her fault. Maybe she was serving all the tables in the front room. Pizza was great. Crawfish étouffée for my soon which he devoured without a complaint. DH was craving crawfish fettuccine and loved it. Great ambiance. Tight quarters. Great views. Good location right off streetcar stop. Used open table.My wife and I stumbled upon this place when walking around the FQ. It was so good that we came back the next day. Both times we split the Blue cheese pecan salad and veggie pizza. So delicious. However the food was better the first day. I think it's because the first visit we had a nice tall black waiter and the second visit we had a petite white girl that was socially awkward and unfriendly.Finally ... an exact copy of the best thin crust pizza in the world previously only available in northern Italy.  The LPK puts just the right amount of ingredients on a superb crust and cooks it to a turn in a genuine wood fired oven. I highly recommend the Four Seasons and the Greek. It's all about flavor folks and that's what you'll get here. Don't expect gobs of tasteless cheese or puddles of sodium laden tomato sauce but do expect endless flavor and total satisfaction with outstanding toppings which complement one another. A highlight of my visit to the NOLA French Quarter! PART 2 ... Our first two visits to the LPK were noonish for lunch and it's those visits which prompted the above review. Unfortunately, we went back a third time ... for dinner. On being seated I noticed that the pizza chef was not the same as the fellow that had created and cooked our luncheon delights. I really didn't expect the pizza to be any different. I couldn't have been more wrong! The tomato sauce was absent; the cheeze scarce with the other toppings haphazardly gathered in a smallish circle in the center of the 10" pie. The crust was undercooked as well.  I explained this to our server but I'm afraid he could't have been less interested. Apparently consistency isn't quite the norm with the food here.  I'll write the owner Jim a letter because his product is outstanding IF prepared with attention to standards and quality. Kudos to the noon chef .... put the evening cook on notice!We loved our dinner here. First off they have an amazing wine list. We started with the shrimp and corn Choux and the crawfish etouffee both were SO delicious.  We split a meat pizza. For sure big enough to split. The waitress was great. The dessert looked wonderful at the table next to us but after a bottle of red wine and food there was no way I could eat dessert. This is a wonderful alternative to all the fried food in NOLA.AMAZING black bean wrap!  Several dishes they can make vegan.  Willing to accommodate big groups and did a great job with it!Visited twice during this vacation.  Superb pizza, great wines by the glass, draft beer and also really great salads.  Also, great and consistent serviceI've walked by here a million times- so sad!! It was delicious and our server was amazing!!! Gotta get the Brownie Sundae!!! Loved it!!!!Fourth night in NOLA and the wife and I were in the mood for pizza.  We go out for pizza on around 3-4 times a month back home.  We went to el gato negra the night before which is a door or two away.
We liked this place. Ordered the pocket bread as an appetizer, the pepperoni bacon pizza, and artichoke ravioli to share.
Pizza was good and the pepperoni too (there was no bacon, the pepperoni was in strips like bacon). The ravioli with pesto creme sauce was tasty, not overpowering.
Service was outstanding.  Our server (rebecca I think) was great. Refilled our soda's multiple times.Great pizza, service, and atmosphere! Definitely a place to check out. Casual yet classy!On the way there now. One of our regular stops when in NOLA.  The A/C is awesome and the service is some of the best in town. Something for everyone.The service was fast and great. The food was even better! The pizza was unique and the canzone had enough cheese stuffed in it for 10 people!A solid menu of options with good mix of pasta and pizza combinations. Wine list is extensive with wide range to fit most budgets. Also when the weather is good it's nice to sit outside.This was such a pleasant surprise!! We had a visitor with us who wasn't in the mood for
Seafood! We found this restaurant from Yelp reviews and we were so thankful for them! The pizza was GREAT.  However, the real surprise was the red beans and rice--they were the best I had all week!! The shrimp
Appetizer was amazing and the bread that comes out first was great! My son ordered the kids spaghetti And we all stole a bite and it was delicious as well! So glad we found this restaurant !This place has a large number of vegetarian options.  We ate the Greek salad and the Margherita pizza. We also had the pecan pie which was also amazing.  The salad was a good size with fresh vegetables.  And the Margherita pizza was also great.  The service was great and the restaurant was air conditioned and the ambience was great for couples and families.  There were lots of locals there.During a visit to New Orleans, we decided to dine at Louisiana Pizza Kitchen.  Although the food was somewhat delicious, the service was lousy!   The server seem disinterested in waiting on us.  I guess he forgot what he was hired to do.  So much for "southern" hospitality.  We waited nearly 15 minutes for him to take our order while he quickly took the order of another party that came way after us!   He was condescending and abrupt.  Despite this unpleasant experience, we brushed it off excusing his behavior as just him having an "off" day.  So several days later we decided to dine there again since the food was not so bad.  Again, this server was so unwelcoming!!  The food maybe somewhat good but why dine at a place that obviously doesn't value their customers!!! when there are so many other restaurants! With better service and great food!!!This is a lively and festively decorated Place the food was fresh and full of flavor . The fettuccine Alfredo and Pepperoni Pizza  were very tasty with great prices high on my recommendTionsWe were looking for a change of pace from all the wonderful Cajun food New Orleans has to offer. Louisiana Pizza Kitchen was perfect, not too far from the Quarter but in a less festive section. The thin crust pizzas were perfectly cooked our wooden coals
 Crusts were offer in whole wheat and gluten free as well as standard dough. The toppings and sauces came in a wide variety, not your standard Pizza Hut fare.
 Surprisingly complete wine list to go with a wide selection of beers.The eggplant pizza was delicious! Great place for vegetarians and vegans as well (they have daiya cheese!) A little on the pricey side (I paid about $15 for a personal but it lasted two meals!) Crust is nothing special, pretty bland in my opinion however the veggies on my pizza was fresh and cooked well. Also recommend calling ahead if placing an order to go, we waited about 25 minutes for our order during a non busy time (around 4).My dad step mom and a couple friends were gonna have spaghetti last night at our friends house but we just went out instead so we went to Louisiana kitchen and had calamari for an appetizer and then pizza and wine for an entree. It was great and the server Travis was a cool dude. Great wine great people great food i would definitely go backWe grabbed a pizza from here for a late night snack after we took the steamboat Natchez tour. We had to walk 30 minutes back to our hotel so unfortunately the pizza was only warm by the time we had a bite. Though it wasn't steaming hot the flavors were still great! We got a margarita and a pepperoni pizza. Pizza's come in personal sizes with four slices each however if you aren't too hungry this could be enough for two. Pizzas were good however there was barely sauce on either pizzas which I liked but it's mainly a preference thing I guess. Definitely worth a stop if you are looking for a good pie.Just go and try it. This place has great pizzas and deserts. The price is more than fair. A lot of atmosphere and really not far out of the NO center/from the square. Friendly waiters. Will definitely go there again for my next visit to NO.So many vegan choices that I ate way too much, wanted to sample them all. Started with the tomato-eggplant soup; nice texture, rich tomato taste, delicious. Opted for the black bean wrap next. It was loaded with avocado, jalapeños, vegan sour cream ... a real treat! 
My wife had the fettuccine alfredo with shrimp. She loved it.
The waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about how dishes could be adapted for plant-based eaters.  
A good experience from start to finish. We'll be back.This is a great little restaurant on the edge of the French Quarter! Service and food were excellent!Oh my god, the gumbo pizza. I still have DREAMS about that pizza. Flavorful and not too greasy and oh-so-wonderful. They also offer wheat crust as an option (no extra charge, woohoo!), so I didn't feel like I was cheating on my diet too terribly (I know, I know. When on vacation...) Minus one star because our server was pretty scatterbrained, but everything else was great.Amazing Greek salad, so happy to see a list of healthy food options. Service is awesome :)Really nice staff and a good beer selection.
Pretty good, but not amazing, wood-fired pizza. We had a blue cheese and walnut salad to start, and then a plain cheese and a jambalaya pizza (basically a cheese pizza with some jambalaya on top).
Where the place falls short is in the small details. The pizza crust was floury and a bit bland. The cheese tasted like that really stretchy low-fat stuff. The salad had some wilted bits. The jambalaya had a great seafood flavor, and nice sausage, but the chicken pieces tasted like they were precooked and added to the sauce.
Still, I would be happy to have this place in my home town.We ate lunch here and had wraps.  My wrap was a grilled eggplant wrap with spinach, roasted bell pepper, and goat cheese which was delicious.  My wife had the chicken caesar wrap which she also considered to be delicious.  The only disappointment was the tortilla soup which came with the meal and which was so spicy that it was inedible.  We returned our nearly full bowls to the server and told her that it was too spicy to eat and she apologized.  Maybe that is the way it is made in New Orleans but it was just way too spicy for us to enjoy.   Otherwise the wraps were very good and the service was excellent.Had the pizza bacon and the regular pepperoni pizza. I liked them both. The pizza bacon was better in my opinion. My daughters had fettuccini alfredo- one with chicken and one without. They were both good. The chicken was good. Not the best I've ever had, but not the worst. Slight better than average. The waiter was attentive. The restroom was clean and the restaurant was clean except for one roach belly up under our table. 
Take note if you are from Texas or the South- they do not know how to make sweet tea- order water or something else.Great pizza in a cool location.
I had the procutto with with fig jam and balsamic, it was very tasty. Nice thing crust and the flavors blended perfectly. Good selection of beer and drinks and the apps are good as well.
The place is small but cozy the staff seemed pretty friendly and considering there aren't a ton of good pizza joints in the French quarter, this fits pretty well!
The only reason I wouldn't give it five stars is it's a wee but pricey. I mean we are still talking about pizza? 
But it's a good spot if you want to just grab a bite and go.Where's the negative star button?...
- The waitress (who's name shall stay anonymous) was impatient (sometimes they're having a day, we get that...but then...)
- I ordered my food and asked for veggies instead of meat for a sandwich
- She came back and made sure I wanted all other items and went through each one...I said yes each time.
- She came back with a plate of food that was not at ALL what I ordered.  I took a bite to see if maybe things were hiding, nope...not my muffelata.
- She took it back to have it "redone"
- My food came back, the exact same one I'd taken a bite from 20 minutes earlier, cold, with even colder new condiments on it
- It was STILL not the sandwich I ordered and was missing elements, it's also supposed to be a broiled sandwich and it didn't have the cheese nor was it broiled...it was cold.  What?
- We finally got our check...it was not our check.  They charged us for 3 additional entrees we had not ordered.
- The waitress never apologized
...Just.  Don't eat here.  Maybe at a different location.  The food I'm sure was good but the experience really just killed it for us.Had to stay an extra day (due to weather delays) in NOLA so we decided to try Louisiana Pizza- Had way over price mac n cheese (14.00), very bland, friend had the chicken fettuccine Alfredo which was the same. (think it was the same cheese sauce). I did have a cup of gumbo which was awesome, and we had the garlic bread which was great. Their pizza's looked and smelled good, which I would try.  Atmosphere is what you expect from this kind of place, people were nice. I would try again for pizza though.Amazing food that is both healthier and delicious. Using organic pastas and flour, this place is a cut above. Loved everything I've had here.Great pizzas, great wine list with interesting wines by the glass and bottle, great service. The hubby commented that it was the fastest pizza making he had seen!After a walk through the French Market, we stopped here for dinner. We did have reservations for a later time, but they weren't busy and graciously sat us.
Other Yelpers suggested the Ceasar salad, so we split one. It was as tasty as they said. You do experience a slight fish taste which must be from the anchovies, which I know is in homemade Ceasar salad dressing.
We both ordered the same kind of pizza, pepperoni. Being that we are from Chicago and KNOW our pizza, we both agree that this is fantastic. I love a good wood burning pizza and the cheese on this was fresh and on point. 
Recommended!A satisfying outting.  We had the chicken manicotti - delish - and the mushroom fettuccini (a tad one note-ish).  Unfortunately, had to skip on eating outside due to the pervasive hot garbage smell that seems to occupy the quarter... Server was friendly and the interior atmosphere was agreeable.  I do have to add though, the wall art is odd....  particularly the bad Maryln Monroe paintings.  Maybe I'm missing the connection here.  Anyways, meal was tasty enough.  Will have to try the pizza next time. 3 stars.