This is such a cute little restaurant. For $20, I got the Bacon, Egg, and Cheese sandwich, Turkey Pesto sandwich, and Oreo beignets, all of which were absolutely amazing. 
Customer service was GREAT as well.
Definitely intend on coming back.Charming, friendly, locally owned family business. From the first step through the door their warmth and good cheer will embrace you. Cannot wait to return and sample more of the menu!Mixed feelings. Sandwiches were good, cubano, steak, turkey pesto. Onion rings were EXCELLENT. Chicken Caesar was ok. Charged extra for more dressing. Original salad had very little to begin with. No free coffee refills. Place got VERY hot as more customers came in. Floor in back very slanted and tables wobbled a lot.Great pressed sandwiches. Great French truck coffee. Friendly staff. Outside seating for nice weather. Hard to beat.Great low key breakfast and lunch spot tucked into the neighborhood. Has lots of outdoor seating and doesn't appear to be overran by the brunch crowd. Loved the egg white pressed sandwich with French truck coffee!Great new addition to the uptown area. The spicy chorizo and egg sandwich was incredible. The gumbo was also great. Met the owners who were all very friendly. 
Will be back!New sandwich spot in the neighborhood. Fresh, friendly, and tasted great. Got the Cubano. Will bebackThis was our last stop on a 4th of July trip to NOLA and as the saying goes - we saved the best for last. Hands down the best shrimp and grits I've ever had and I have had my fair share having grown up in the area. The fried green tomato on top was an added bonus. My husband loved his chorizo sandwich - actually saying it's better than what we get in Texas. The children gobbled up their steak sandwiches and the kitchen was very kind in creating an off menu item for our pickiest eater who loved her dish. We will come back here next visit.So glad I accidentally drove by this little gem today! Everything was delicious. We had: gumbo, chicken salad sandwich, Cobb salad, and a Cuban sandwich between our party. Great food! You will not be disappointed!Oreo beignets!  Yummy. Great little cafe near Tulane University. Great service and great frappes!Best coffee and breakfast!!! Exceptionally Great service!!! I'm very picky, don't eat beef or pork and the owner gladly accommodated me. Love this place....The sandwiches are very good.The tea is a little bit pricey, but the staff were extremely friendly and they have nice outdoorThis little place is so special. I stumbled upon it one day and just had to stop by. They have the prettiest patio that's tucked away and quiet. I got the pesto chicken sandwich and it was delicious. I also got a side of fruit and their homemade chips. All I can say is wow. Every single thing was so incredibly fresh. The avocado on my sandwich was abundant and the fruit was so crisp that it must've been cut that morning. 
I will definitely be returning here. 
Also-- their patio is definitely dog friendly and has water bowls for your furry friends.Went here for lunch with two of my colleagues. We were in town for work and found Luca through Yelp. The food lived up to the reviews! The food is all delicious, and the owner and staff are really friendly. Great find!The people working there were so nice we couldn't believe it! And the food was mindblowing for me. The bell pepper rings were so good that, with everything I've eaten in my life, they'd be a serious contender for my last meal request. They're battered in a wonderful herb breading and are the new onion ring. Definitely don't miss the oreo beignets, either! I'll definitely end up here several times a month.Our favorite little neighborhood joint.  Family run.  We walk here weekly for lunch.  Their gumbo is consistently top notch.  Sandwiches are delicious, salads are fresh and big, the buttermilk ranch dressing is to die for. And they have Frankie and johnnies fried bell peppers rings without Frankie and johnnies gross kitchen to worry about. Overall my favorite lunch spot.Bell pepper rings are to die for. The chorizo and egg sandwich is one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. The Oreo beignets are a must!I love Luca! I'm so glad this little gem popped up in my neighborhood. All the sandwiches I've tried have been absolutely delicious, the atmosphere is comfortable and laid back, AND they have French Truck coffee.I had the turkey pesto sandwich (delicious), a dark roast coffee with chicory (pretty good), and oreo beignets (really just deep fried oreos covered with powdered sugar).  Overall, it was tasty, but a little too pricy for my liking, hence 4 stars instead of 5.My husband and I discovered this cute little cafe today!! Cannot believe this place has been in our neighborhood for a couple years and we never knew it! The sandwiches are wonderful (my favorite is the apple & Brie with their homemade pulled pork added on)!!! Don't forget to order their award winning Oreo Beignets (holy cow)!!!
Everyone there is so nice and welcoming! We absolutely will be back!!! I can promise this little place will be my stop to get coffee before work in the mornings!We discovered Luca Eats just after moving in the neighborhood a few weeks ago, and can't say enough about the chorizo and egg sandwich. I've had both the steak and egg and bacon and egg sandwiches, which are very good, but keep coming back to the chorizo. Definitely check this great Neighborhood Place out!It was a nasty, cold, wet day, and it was nice to find such an inviting restaurant in the middle of a residential neighborhood. It is small inside, but there is plenty of outdoor seating if the weather cooperates. You order at the counter, and they bring you your food. They have many hot and cold coffee and tea selections, and I went with a hot chai latte. It was perfect on such a cold day. They explained that they make everything from scratch. My husband started with a cup of chicken gumbo. The broth was so tasty. I am sorry that I didn't order one. I started with the garden salad. It was mostly spring mix with a few tomatoes, carrots, and onions, but the homemade blue cheese vinaigrette was outstanding. We split the steak sandwich. It had cheese and caramelized onions on it and was pressed. It was very very tasty, but half was enough with the salad. All the sandwiches come with homemade chips that have a wonderful rosemary flavor. It is a friendly inviting place, and we will definitely be back to try more of the menu.I have eaten hear about five or six times and everything I have eaten has been excellent. I would recommend this as one of the best places for a casual breakfast or lunch in New Orleans. You definitely won't be disappointed.Great sandwiches, great iced coffee, chill vibes/location, kind people - everything about the place is great.Great variety of breakfast and lunch sandwich options. The flavor profiles are all unique without overextending themselves. The staff was friendly and eager to provide suggestions. I had the veggie sandwich and loved that it wasn't smothered in butter. It was delicious.This is my new favorite neighborhood breakfast spot. Great coffee, excellent variety of fresh and delicious breakfast sandwiches, lunch options, both indoor and outdoor seating, and it's a friendly family owned business that put a fresh coat of paint on a worn down pizza joint. What's not to like?Oreo beignets alone are worth the stop!  Great place for outdoor dining - lunch or breakfast served all day. Local joint. Did I mention the Oreo beignets?Went for the first time today, and I will DEFINITELY be going back! I got the Cubano and split an order of bell pepper rings with a friend. We are both full! Staff was friendly and helpful given that it was our first time going. You need to visit this place!!Cute place in the neighborhood convenient to walk to from Tulane area! Indoor and outdoor seating, quick service, friendly people, and great food and iced coffee.SO GOOD! Low key place, great playlist, friendly people, cute decor. 
Fried green tomato BLT was delicious and the tomato was made to perfection. 
Walkable from Tulane and Loyola area and so much better (and cheaper) than Satsuma.Nice neighborhood casual spot with great sandwiches, accompanied by fresh cooked crispy rosemary potato chips.  I ate all of my chips, and still wanted more: generous portion, but just so good! Food ranges from uber healthy (yet still super tasty), to richer fare like crispy Cuban sandwiches with roasted pork, pickles, and cheese.  This place covers a fantastic range of whatever your in the mood for.... also, plenty of great drink, and unique dessert options.Cozy little place in uptown. Most of the seating is outside so on a nice morning it's a great place to grab a cappuccino and chill out. The steak and egg sandwich is legit. Do yourself a favor and stop by.My boyfriend was offered a job by an organization that has a horse as their logo. I LOVE this. 
We would have to move to Colorado, which sure I am ok with. But if I don't find a stable of horses in the driveway I will be greatly saddened and disappointed.
I made my demands and headed for LUCA eats. From the street this place doesn't look like much, kind of like my hair color (ahem, Im a natural blonde but I won't ever admit that OOPS!) 
Carpet match the drapes much?
I digress, which pretty much can be said about every fucking review I've ever submitted. 
The sandwiches here are out of this world. The cheese gooey and the turkey better than you will find on any Thanksgiving dinner table. By the way, why do we call it Thanksgiving dinner when most of us actually are eating said "dinner" at 1:30 in the after-fucking-noon?
I love LUCA eats. 
And for the record Mr Horse Logo Organization, I am a Chargers fan for life!
Go Bolts!Such a sweet neighborhood café. The owner and his wife who run the place are very attentive and friendly, and seem very dedicated to their customers. Coffee is great- they use French Truck- as is their food. Simple breakfast sandwiches, salads, pastries and Oreo beignets (ridiculously good, of course). I've been here probably 10 times and have yet to have an experience that wasn't 5/5. Great place to go if you're looking to grab coffee or a casual breakfast/lunch!This place is fantastic! The owners are super nice, the food is delicious, you can bring your dogs, and whoever thought of bell pepper rings and Oreo beignets is wonderful human being.The place is locally owned and has amazing food. The bell pepper rings are a MUST! They will be the best thing you've ever had. Husband had the steak sandwich and loved it. I had the fried green tomato BLT which is perfect. Topped it all off with the Oreo beignets! Awesome staff and a great place!I visited LUCA Eats for the first time today. I'm an occasional visitor to New Orleans and have the luxury of a Tulane student restaurant guide! 
This was the first time visiting for all of us, and we are so glad she picked LUCA! The sandwiches were freshly made and delicious! The staff were very friendly and helpful, and made us feel appreciated for coming.
We ended our visit with Oreo beignets, which were decadently good! Can't wait to have the chance to visit again!Great sandwich and chips. Had the Cuban, really fresh and the bread was toasted perfectly. For $10 it's perfect.YUM! Perfect addition to the neighborhood. I had the Fried green tomato BLT. It was ridiculous. Will definitely be putting this place in the rotation. Plus, they serve French Truck coffee.My husband and I have been talking about making it to LUCAeats for a while now as we live in the neighborhood and wow, am I glad we did!
The food at LUCAeats is simple but absolutely delicious. I had a shrimp salad with an iced chai latte and my husband had the Cubano sandwich with a cappuccino. 
The coffees were awesome but the food was just perfect. The owner was kind enough to let us sample their bread pudding and gumbo which were equally as amazing. Some of the best gumbo I've ever had and we eat out more than I'd like to admit. 
We will definitely be back, we still need to try the breakfast!It is in the neighborhood of Central Carrolton Association near the end of the St. Charles Avenue trolley line. If you are looking at the crescent shape of New Orleans, the Garden District is the southeast corner and LUCA Eats is at the northwest corner. I used UBER because it is an hour trolley ride from the French Quarter. I went to LUCA Eats for their famous oreo beignets. It is basically fried oreos with a beignet twist. In the past, I have not enjoyed fried oreos because they are mushy. However, LUCA Eats make them fresh to order. As a result, the oreo is soft and tasty instead of soggy. The dough and sugar complement the oreos perfectly. They are my personal favorite beignets in New Orleans. I definitely like them more than Café Du Monde. The brunch sandwiches also look great. If I had not just eaten at Willie Mae's and just went to LUCA Eats to try the oreo beignets, I definitely would have ordered one. My friend ordered the white chocolate bread budding. I had a bite. It was good but nothing spectacular. Oreo beignets are totally the way to go.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.This is my favorite local restaurant around the uptown area and I wish more people would know about it. I've tried 3 sandwiches here and they all were amazing. Definitely would come back here again and again.Excellent environment, owner greeted me and we chatted - amazing place! Definitely will become a regular stop for us. I got the Apple and Brie sandwich, which was out of this world, and my boyfriend got the steak sandwich, which I can't comment on because he inhaled it and is headed back for another. Hoping this place stays around for many years to come - great job, Darryl!!!Turkey Pesto and Steak and Eggs are great. Looking forward to trying the rest of the menuGood food; great coffee. Chill vibe perfect for studying or a casual breakfast with friends.So far - so ok. This place is new so I am going to hold out my final opinion. We ordered 2 simple bacon egg cheese sandwiches on "French". Those quotes are because the bread is flattened like a panini - the whole sandwich was about a flat 5" square. It tasted good, but we were both hungry after. It was pretty cheap $5 each I think. Very nice presentation & wrapping.  It felt more like a place that belongs somewhere fancier - like for dainty ladies who brunch on magazine. Not in the residential, down to earth, university Carrollton neighborhood. I will try lunch - it is only a block from home !When looking for a good sandwich that we hadn't had before, we stumbled upon LUCA eats one Tuesday. First, let me start by saying that the fried green pepper rings live up to the hype- we received them piping hot, and they were so unique and delicious!
I ordered the Turkey Pesto sandwich and it was great! Warm, with avocado and gouda- it was delicious! My husband also enjoyed the steak sandwich. Both meals came with homemade potato chips (I think....) that were also wonderful!
To top it off, they serve French Truck coffee! I topped off my delicious lunch with a French truck iced coffee. 
They are small on the inside, but had plenty of outdoor seating. It was a nice, peaceful spot in the neighborhood, and we enjoyed sitting outside in the fall weather (finally!).
LUCA eats got 4 stars instead of 5, because the price was a little steep for a neighborhood sandwich shop. Our bill was over $30, and we ordered water....
All in all, I would recommend a stop at this quaint sandwich shop if you are Uptown!Love this place! Cutest building and cool art. Nice dog friendly patio, a very quiet peaceful location. And the guy at the counter is always so nice and pleasant :)I love this place! I have been here twice and both times customer service is great. Darryl has been so nice and friendly Everytime we go. The food is so good! I have only tried items from the breakfast menu. I have tried the chorizo/egg sandwich and the egg white press sandwich. The chorizo and egg breakfast sandwich was my favorite out of the two I tried. Im originally from Mexico so I'm very picky with my chorizo and Luca Eats dis not dissapint. 
I will definitely will go back to try more menu items. Great customer service and yummy food. What else could you ask for?Loved it! Everything is homemade fresh and best Beignets ever...
Was recommended to us by localsGreat neighborhood joint! The owner is always there. Great food. She kept bring out little tastes of stuff she asked us to try. Who knew deep fried Brussels sprouts were really good!!Delicious food highly recommend the fried green tomato blt and the fried bell peppers! Food was too good to take photos, we ate it too quick!Fantastic new place tucked away in the neighborhood. Their menu looks like it has a delicious selection of pressed sandwiches and salads. I ate the chorizo and egg sandwich with chimichurri sauce and avocado. I would definitely recommend it. Excited for outdoor seating and cooler weather in the fall.The highlight for me is the freakin' breaaaaaddd. The menu says "french bread" for most sandwiches so that's what I expected. It was more like a dense, grilled, buttered croissant. Omg... pleasantly surprised!
The chorizo & egg was great with a perfect portion of meat and egg. The chorizo was a little on the salty/greasy side but it's well, chorizo. The dense bread snuggled it all together nicely. 
The Brie and apple sported the same "french bread" and I was not mad about it. Delicious Brie and the apples were cooked to perfection. Not too soft, not too crunchy. Flavor was great. 
The Oreo Beignets were so damn good. The cream of the Oreo melts a little and the crunchiness of the batter makes a great combo. 
My americano was delicious. Quality coffee for sure. 
The service was impeccable. Owner let us try some cookies that weren't even on the menu yet. So sweet. We tried an "orange infused" chocolate cookie and it was pretty good. 
Atmosphere is a little hipster/college/hip. Good music. 
Adding this to the top 10 Nola list. Can't wait to come back here.Having returned to this local sandwich place for another try, I'm pleased to report that I had a better service experience this time around, and got my food within a reasonable period (maybe five minutes perusing the menu and waiting in line and less than ten from ordering my food to receiving it). As I'd hoped, it is more delicious fresh.
Their menu doesn't quite align with my tastes, but the stuff I can order they execute very well. A "pepper pepper pepper" grilled cheese makes for a fascinating exploration of the various botanically unrelated plants to acquire this moniker (other English-speaking countries call them by different names), a bit sweet and wholly satisfying. Their veggie press, though is more likely what I'd return for.
Either way, you get a nice serving of some thick house-cut chips with rosemary. Their sides have been winners too, including fried peppers and hummus (with carrots or chips, of which I chose the former because I'm getting chips anyway with the sandwich). The one breakfast sandwich I cared to try was an apple and cheese one that smelled nice but didn't excite; I'll probably stick to lunch with them. Their avocado on toast has a fantastic butter-based sauce and an ample amount of actual avocado. I may yet try their shakes and desserts, but I've been quite full for the money so far.This cute place is just off the beaten path. Delicious coffee!! 
Panini sandwiches too!
Came here for lunch and it was great! Such a cool vibe! A must if you are anywhere near Ochsner Baptist Hospital!Amazing food and a great price!!! I had the apples and brie and it's like I crave it almost daily now.  I'm going to return to try a lunch sandwich and the fried b sprouts on the menu.  Everyone was nice, they wrote down the way wrong name on my order but other than that, AMAZINGSo good!! Came here for brunch on our bachelorette party weekend! So nice, great environment, and delicious food. We were so happy we stopped here.The Apples and Brie sandwich is excellent. So are the grits.
The location is really charming.  It's a renovated gas station with two giant pine trees in front that is right next to a historic cemetery.Really nice folks, really nice food.  Great addition to the neighborhood. I'll add another star when they improve the seating a bit.Wonderful neighborhood coffee shop. It's a few blocks from my house with great great coffee and breakfast paninis. Highly recommended!We stayed in an AirBnB down the street from LUCA and popped over for a quick breakfast our first morning here. It quickly became a favorite stop for us!! The coffee was freshly made and delicious. The staff was kind and friendly, and even took their time to give us recommendations for while we were in town. We returned for more coffee throughout our stay and would return again if we make it back to NOLA.An absolute gem of an establishment! Extremely affordable with a great selection on the menu to choose from. I've gotten nearly everything at least once and I've never been disappointed. My personal favorite is the turkey pesto sandwich. I also love the fact that they serve French Truck coffee. The customer service is outstanding, they are truly friendly and welcoming employees. I can't speak highly enough of this place!Inventive take on shrimp and grits as well as steak and eggs for a quick and satisfying breakfast. Attentive staff. A really pleasant experience under a cypress tree on a Sunday morning.I finally made my way to this little shop, and I am so glad I did.  It is nestled in an uptown neighborhood.  Very laid, back relaxed vibe.  Seating is available indoors and outdoors on the concrete patio and the tables are situated under umbrellas.  I got a Turkey Pesto sandwhich and an iced latte. I didn't even realize how much I needed to taste this sandwhich until I did- SO GOOD! All sandwiches come with a side of freshly fried chips with rosemary. I ate much after I was full because everything was just so tasty.  Definitely worth a visitWonderful people providing excellent food and service. The menu is interesting and very well done. Breakfast and lunch without lines - boo yah!!! So my favs on the menu so far -- Shrimp and grits sandwich -- (I know! But it works it really does!!!), Cubano, fried green tomato BLT, the classic steak and egg, and their salads! And finally I have become addicted to the their home made chips and the fried bell pepper rings are worth committing a crime for! Truly fantastic. My favorite!! Anyway, fun and very, very local place to eat -worth finding.Love this place! Salads and sandwiches are both delicious. It's family run and they're always super nice. I like the Cobb salad and the turkey pesto and Cuban sandwiches. If you haven't been here yet, give it a try!super cute place, decent food great location and friendly serviceOrdered the turkey and Cuban sandwiches as well as the corn grits. All of the food was very good. The renovation looks great. The staff was incredibly friendly. We will definitely be back. Happy to have this place in our neighborhood.A friend of mine loves to look at pictures of food and dream about them. He lives in Portland, Oregon, so I am not sure what he was doing when he stumbled across an article about the Oreo beignet they make here, but he told me about it several months ago and asked me to come check them out and let him know how they were. Well, like I told him, they were wonderful. I happened to be off work one day during the week and in the area, so I stopped in then. I also got the iced coffee, and that was good.
My second visit, I had the bacon, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich, fried brussel sprouts (yes fried!) and fried bell pepper round slices. Oh. My. Goodness. I am in love with those brussel sprouts. Though the meal did come to just over $20, so it is on the pricey side.
Everything comes in a paper boat thing. If you can not finish your meal, you are given a sleeve to slide the whole thing in for protection. How cool is that? Saves on packaging!
The parking is all street parking, but it is in a primarily residential area, and next to a cemetery, so the parking does not seem to be an issue. From the outside, this restaurant does not look like much, but they do have interesting metal creatures in front. Inside is kitchy. There is a single stall unisex restroom with the sink just outside the restroom. There are some tables to eat at outside, but the interior is surprising with the great amount of seating they have. The interior was neat and clean, and they were not busy when I showed up about an hour before they closed for the Oreo beignet, but the two employees were busy cleaning, which is always good, in my opinion, when employees can keep busy, even when they are not.
This area is not one I am generally nearby for, but if I happen to be in the area again when they are open, I look forward to coming back.Nice little place tucked into the Audubon neighborhood. They are open for breakfast and lunch offering a variety of pressed sandwiches. My wife and I split the Turkey Pesto and the Cubano. Both were excellent with fresh ingredients. Their potato chips are made in house. Looking forward to trying the Oreo beignets. We will certainly return to try more of the menu.We stopped here every morning for three days on our trip to Nola. Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches. Enjoyed meeting the locals that come by every day as wellCool venue, good breakfast foods. The shrimp n grits is delicious. The oreo beignets are really just deep fried oreos, and they are good... But....
It's a good spot, sorta quirky, but fun. The price is certainly right.Just tried Luca Eats for the first time and had a wonderful experience. The staff was so nice and the food was amazing. 2 words... Oreo beignets! OMG..they are Deeelicious. You have to try them if you go. It's off the beaten path but definitely a must visit place.Really great food and awesome customer service. I loved their iced latte and they music. Perfect place to sit and relax!I absolutely love this place! The owner, Ellen, is so sweet and has made the inside and outside adorable. There is no better place Uptown/Carrollton area to enjoy outdoor eating. As for the menu, there's something for everyone. Plus there's coffee and tea made to order! One of my favorite places in New Orleans.This was a great, quaint, tucked away find! A nice, good food get away spot. The brunch selections we had were delicious! It's small and quaint and is good for an out door, "lunch counter" (looking out the front window) seating, and small area for ~8 people. Don't let that stop you, though! A great post Sunday morning church brunch spot.The great: Oreo beignets! Definitely great, but you only get 3-4 for $7. 
The rest of their food is mediocre and that would be okay if they weren't as insanely overpriced as they are, because rich people live here now. The chips are boring, the cubano is meh, as are most of the sandwiches. The service is hit or miss, the miss being a really dour by the young woman with a very round face, freckles and fro-y/curly hair, pulled back) or fine/sorta nice (most of the others).
Bottom line: The food is really not worth the money, and it hurts to pay this much (Especially when it's a choice between hangry-ness because I'm too exhausted or in too much pain to walk to Adams Street Market which is a way better deal and much more affordable.A favorite place to stop by with my little pup on a Sunday afternoon. LUCA eats is a genuine neighborhood treasure. The pressed sandwiches are always on point, with reasonable prices and tasty ingredients, but what I like best is the service. The folks behind the counter always seem genuinely delighted to see you!I saw the buzzfeed video and decided I needed to come here. You get 5 delicious Oreo beignets that are delicious but the real gem here is the shimp and grits. I almost licked the bowl clean because it was so delicious!!! And they have the best coffee I have ever had on my life. Will definitely return and SOON