I've been here for lunch and dinner.  Considering that this isn't my favorite kind of food...I liked the shrimp spring rolls app and the smoky pork bahn mi but didn't like the ginger shrimp (too salty) or buddha fried rice (very bland). I liked being able to sit outside though.  They also have some creative cocktail choices.this chef may be the most talented chef in nola but he doesnt get credit for it? he has 3 or 4 diff ethnic cuisines under his belt. mexican,italian and now asian?? 
for those who think this food is bland did not have the korean ribs or wings?? that thing alone has soo much spice it may burn your tongue?
 i have not had his soups yet but people looked pretty satisfied eating it? i love the bar i love its use of space like where to store the liquor bottles. 
the food satisfied my craving for Asian so i think that means something. i would have no problem eating there again.The food here is fantastic.   I tried the dumplings,  kfc, Thai ribs, and rice.   I watch a lot of travel food shows and I have always wanted to try Asain-style dumplings.  I finally did here and they were so light and delicate and delicious!   I could eat 100, unfortunately, the appetizer only comes with 3...
The rice was good,  but not great.   Everything else was amazing.   I can't wait to go back.   I will say that the portions are a bit small over all.My ears, my ears! 
Lucky Rooster is located in the New Orleans Central Business District. Key word: business. 
It's impossible to have a business lunch here. I was shouting at the waiter, shouting at my co-workers, shouting "fa-la-la" for no reason because it would not be heard. 
Food was fine, but I would have a more peaceful meal eating a Dome Dog or Walking Taco at the Superdome on game day.I'm on the fence about this place and I'm giving 3 stars because I want them to succeed. It's not that I don't like this place, it's just not the first noodle shop I would go to. 
The food didn't wow me like the decor did. I use the term, "Kosher Chinese" when I try to describe Chinese restaurants in suburbs but my meal at Lucky Rooster felt like it was prepared by someone who has never really learned how to cook Asian style food. 
The steam dumplings were good but they could be better. The Wise Boar noodles were good but something felt off. But if they "leveled up" (not in a fancy way) on the food, they would have a solid place. 
They have a great location in the CBD and I bet they get packed with the business crowd. Not sure how late they are open but if they stayed open past 12am, they would be a great late-night 4th meal.F&W - "This newest restaurant serves Asian street-market foods and good-looking cocktails."  So good.Ok where to start...hipsters and Cloe Cardashien clones inundated the entire place.Loud women attempting to out talk and laugh over one another. Good service but couldn't hear the waitress due to the noise from the clones and their reality show quoting.  The ribs were good albeit a bit dry,dipping sauce would have made it better, and as far as the Rooster soup I was very disappointed in the jumbled flavors that were reminiscent of a bar mat shot. Chicken in the soup were little dry cubes of dust held together with chicken flavord paste. Noodles were mushey. 4 bites and I couldn't choke down another bite.Asked for the check and waitress didn't even ask why we didn't eat more. Don't waste your money.Go to McDonald's and save your time and get better food.FIVE STARS Baby!!!! Ok on to the review: 
Lacquered Pork Ribs... Thai style BLT... Lucky Rooster add egg... YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY 4 my TUMMY TUMMY TUMMY!!!!
Prompt seating. Friendly service. Pleased palate. Happy Happy Happy!!!! 
CHOW NIBBLE CRUNCH MUNCH SLURP & HAPPY ENDINGS. It's how the menu is divided & the selections under each label are representative; how nice is that?!  
Allllllll the things we ordered were tasty; down right FINGER LICKING GOOD!!!!!
I used the restroom & was able to steal a sneak peek at the kitchen. It was clean, not cluttered as I expected. While going to the restroom, I also journeyed into a private seating area, closed off from the main dining area... Maybe for private parties, idk, but its there. 
NEXXXXXXXT TIME I come back, I'll utilize the outside/sidewalk tables & I'm going to check out the drink menu. 
Parking is not the best because its downtown NOLA, so be prepared to find a parking meter.The food and service was very good.  The items were over priced and the portion size very small.  The bowl of white rice for $3.00 was the size of an ice cream scoop.  Way over priced for the cost of white rice.  Plus it was cool outside and they had the air conditioner on full blast.  We complained but nothing changed.   Will not return to eat here.We stumbled upon Lucky Rooster and I am so glad we did! Everything we had was perfection. We started with the Shiitake Imperial Rolls (so delicious) and drinks. I had the Ghost Face Chillah and it was so interesting, tangy and sour. My husband's minted pear celery soda, advanced tiger style, was fantastic and super refreshing. Later I ordered a Juan's Donkey and it was very herbal and yummy. 
For our main course we decided to share the  Barbe et Queue bahn mi and the Enchanting Mermaids soup. Both were eye-rollingly delicious, and with the appetizer it was the perfect amount to share. 
I also loved the atmosphere of the restaurant, and we had great service. It might not be a great place to take a first date because it was loud but we loved the buzzy feel before we headed to our concert (Rihanna whaaaat). I'm so sad we live so far from the Lucky Rooster, because I'm craving it already!Why O' Why did you close?!?! I'm so disappointed. We really didn't need another burrito place.Food was disappointing, there were too much onions in some of the dishes. Literally had a quarter of an onion chunk in one of the dishes. Broth was also lacking flavor. And the dumplings seemed undercooked. The only thing I was happy about were the drinks; the drinks were pretty good. The service was also good as well. But the food is most important to me and they didn't deliver.I would absolutely go back here and recommend it enthusiastically to friends.  I ordered all the appetizers on the menu so I wouldn't have to make up my mind!  I certainly did have favorites but everything was exceptionally tasty.  Perfect pale to come with a group and taste it all.  This place has great cocktails and a very good wine list: better than most.i want to like this place so much but it's inconsistent.  I went recently and enjoyed the food and service but the cocktails were just awful.  One of the cocktails had such strong ginger beer it completely overpowered the whole drink and was way off balance.  The other cocktail wasn't much better.  The food was really good and our server was great but the drinks need help.I was really excited about this place. I really, really wanted to like it. Unfortunately, my experience was subpar.
First of all, the Korean Fried Chicken is not Korean Fried Chicken. It's fried chicken and it's inspired by Korean cuisine, but it is not THE Korean Fried Chicken. The KFC was the reason I wanted to try this place so bad, so I feel that it is important to point it out. The sauce is basically a diluted red pepper paste with some type of sweetener (sugar, corn syrup, etc.). The description says garlic but I didn't really taste any garlic. It tasted good, but what doesn't taste good with some gochujang? I know this restaurant isn't a Korean restaurant; it's more like Asian fusion. BUT I was thoroughly disappointed with the misleading name of this item.
Other things we ordered were the Lacquered Pork Ribs, Cashew Kung Pao Beef, and a side of the Buddha's Best Fried Rice. The ribs were probably my favorite item. The meat fell off the bones and I really enjoyed the flavor. The kung pao beef was delicious but had like 3 pieces of beef total, which I thought was a little too stingy. The fried rice was okay, better on reheat.
We also had the Cranberry Rosemary Basil sparkle pop, which I imagined to be like Pok Pok's drinking vinegar, and it was, except the sour taste was overpowering everything else.
K couldn't concentrate on our dining experience because he kept noticing the kitchen staff through the small opening and seeing them touch their ears or whatever and going back to working on the food without washing their hands.
I don't know, y'all. I don't think the place is creative or doing anything worth my praising. Is the owner smart? Absolutely. I would capitalize on the lack of authentic Asian restos--besides Vietnamese--as well, if I were in the restaurant business.
But I can get my Vietnamese food and ramen elsewhere, and will keep making my own dumplings, fried rice, and dishes with red pepper paste. I will not be returning.Highly recommend this chic new Asian Fusion restaurant! Along with the unique delicious salads,noodles, rice dishes and sandwiches, they have great vegetarian options, cocktails and desserts too!First off, the best part of the whole meal was the Soba beer... Which was made in Oregon, and in no way associated with the restaurant.  
Maybe I'm being too harsh... Maybe it was an off night because it was New Year's Eve.... Maybe I just expect too much when I sit down at an "Asian" restaurant.... No, I think two stars is spot on.  The pork dumplings were a weird, mushy consistency.  The pork bao was too salty and the chicken bao was mediocre at best.  The Tokyo ramen broth was tasteless and the Korean BBQ banh mi was just a pulled pork po boy with some Kim chi on it.   And, everything was overpriced. 
Overall, skip it.  I would rather have a Costco hot dog.Been here three times now and can definitely say I like it and plan to be regular. Dishes are interesting and fresh tasting, service is decent and the price isn't too out of control. I love the Korean chicken and coconut rice dish.The Lucky Rooster soup is FANTASTIC!!!!!  The service is adequate for my needs. But the Manager is a tool. Flirting with the staff and the patrons. Pouring shots down a patrons mouth from a bottle. Disgusting. I live around the corner, but see no reason to put myself through this drama again.  Boooooo...new management. Please.We were very disappointed to find this place on our last day in New Orleans. Very friendly hipster staff, insightful decor, and the food is excellent. Our meal was worth every penny.Lucky Rooster is closed, gone, ain't there no more.  It's a shame because I liked it.  The location is now a Juan's Flying Burrito.Had a late lunch and the noise level was way too high. Shrimp dumplings were fantastic; the curry leaves something to be desired, curry and heat! Will return.We went there last night which was the public opening so I didn't have a whole lot of expectations. A lot of familiar food community members in the house and the place was packed but we were seated immediately when we walked in around 7:30. The staff was well trained and seemed to handle the crowd very well for the first night of business. We ordered a number of different things and everything was really good. I was impressed that they were able to have their plan together so fast. I look forward to going back very soon. Best of luck to those guys!!-the decor is really nice and many new orleans restaurants lack cool decor so this was nice.
-too loud- need to do something about this bc can't hear person sitting next to me
-ordered pretty much everything on the menu- i would say they should hire someone with an asian cuisine background.  it was just missing the intense authentic flavor.  i understand fusion but this wasn't good.  I think those who are saying all these new asian/asian fusion restaurants in new orleans are good- don't really know asian food.Phenomenal!  Hands down my new favorite lunch spot in NOLA!  Addicted to the BLT Bao and dumplings. Bartender, waitstaff and even the chef are so friendly and fun!  Be sure to have the traditional daiquiri and finish with the housemade popcicles dipped  in dark rum. Yes! It's for real!We are a group of friends who get together once a month for dinner club. Every month a different person selects a restaurant and we hit it up. Today was our two year anniversary and we decided to start reviewing.
Below - all attendees were given 1-2 sentences to review. So this is a conglomerate
- Great Beer diversity. The Lucky Rooster w/egg was a very tasty & filling
- I particularly enjoyed the offering from Miller Brewing Company which perfectly complimented the Lucky rooster soup (which was rich, but the broth was a little too crowded)
- Great beer, great service, great food and drinks. Only Complaint was a hair in my dumpling
- excellent beer selection, great staff, great food...excellent food. 5 stars.
-I enjoyed my veggie fried rice. Also really liked the service/staff. 4 stars
- The dumplings were a real delight. The KFC was quite good.
- Good wine selection. Noodles & broth was great & good service.
- Sticky beef boa was excellent. Fun atmosphere for a group
- such tasty. Much food.
- Satisfying food and agreeable atmosphere, missing a little extra to merit a 5.
Thanks!Had lunch there today and will definitely be back.  The Korean Fried Chicken was terrific, and the banh mi was close behind.  Only drawback is that it's loud in there.  Could barely have a conversation across the table.  Maybe next time I will just go solo.LOVE this place!  If you still haven't been what are you waiting for?!
And congrats for the shout on TheDailyMeal.com's Where to Drink During Tales of the Cocktail:
http://www.thedailymeal.com/where-drink-during-tales-cocktail-slideshow
CHEERS!!Wow!  This is an awesome place.  When they say Asian Fusion they mean it.  The last place I had Asian Fusion this good was in D.C.  The price is very reasonable so, my boyfriend and I had several different menu items and all of them were outstanding.  I couldn't pass up the house made fortune cookie for dessert.  Don't think fortune cookie that comes with your take out, this one is so so so much better and bigger!  The handwritten fortune inside was really neat as well.  This is not your average Asian food.  It's much better and not any more expensive than those other average places.Yep, 5 stars. To me, a 5 star experience is simple:  1) Great food 2) Great service 3) A Great environment and 4) priced fairly.
We randomly walked in here looking for a quick bite before the Sugar Bowl. Holy moly, maybe the best meal from I've had in years.
The BBQ ribs were insanely good. We also had the Korean fried chicken and split a rice bowl, I don't even remember the details, I just remember the amazing taste! The ribs were so good I went back to the kitchen (near the restrooms) and high-fived the chef, not kidding.
Service was as good as the food. Kind and attentive, conversational but not looming. The whole presentation of the place is really well-appointed. Asian-influenced-hipness. Not overdone like many Asian rooms attempt.
Overall, Lucky Rooster is what a complete meal should be. Good food in a comfortable and welcoming environment. I highly recommend and you'd better get the ribs. You won't be sorry.Holy moly. Enchanting Mermaids soup is the shizzzz.i live and work right by this place. my favorite!! i bring all my friends here and never dissappoints. Enchanting mermaids, baos and creme brulee are my favorite.Dear Lucky Rooster,
You are dead to me. 
The endless happy hours we spent together drinking cheap beer and whisky is just a distant memory.
I was able to look past how ugly and tasteless your ramen was so I could focus on your soft little steam buns filled with delicious meat.
Ill even admit that in times of weakness you managed to tempt me with your sexy little dumplings.
They fit so perfectly into my mouth.
Sadly though, we shall never see each other's faces again. 
The romance that was once spicy is now cold, dead and gone. 
You have betrayed me... and moved on.
Burritos though?
Really?
Burritos?
You have moved on for damn burritos?
Not even sexy ones, just plain ole' Juan's. 
'Pffft'
Your loss.
You are dead to me.
-DavisFinally had chance to try this place out and while I enjoyed it I wasn't blown away. 
I was looking forward to the Lacquered Pork Ribs but found them lacking in flavor.
The Lucky Rooster soup delivered big time! Talk about one hearty veggie, pork filled bowl of goodness. Get the soft egg it will help take it over the top.
The Samurai Steak Banh Mai was good just not sure it was $12 good. 
Staff was friendly and the food came out quickly. Plus they have Rum Zacapa which always gets bonus points from me. 
Will definitely be back.Lacquered ribs great.  Enchanting Mermaids soup (in menu under "Slurps") is excellent.
Ribs came out a bit cold in the middle.  A quick trip back to the kitchen and they were good to go and go they did.  Really good.
Enchanting Mermaid is large, large bowl with seafood and vegetables floating in a wonderful broth rich with coconut milk.
The service was good, meal quick to the table.   Its not a drive across town to eat here place but its very good.$2 per dumpling???I don't care how ok it was. My kids rice and vegetables were nice. The two over-priced soups came to the table looking spectacular.  I was shocked by how bland they both were one was the house special, the other, mermaid something. I have no idea how it looked the way it did and tasted like nothing. So after a $50 lunch that took over an hour (we both drank tap water) my best advice is to go anywhere else.  This place was so bad it inspired my to create a yelp account. The only bigger rip off is a lucky dog.Went here on New Years Eve, with no reservation. We were seated right away as there was no wait around 6:30. The staff/service were all very courteous and professional.
To start, I couldn't decide on a cocktail so I went with one of their house made colas, the Housemade Cardamom-Kola- Tiger Style- with added El Dorado 5yr Rum. Had good flavor but seemed a tad flat. 
To eat, we had their Bahn Mi's- Vietnamese versions of Po'Boys. For me, the Master Po, a vegetarian sandwich with Grilled Shiitake Mushrooms, Fire Eggplant Relish, Jicama Salad and House Smoky Tofu. My husband had (by the server's suggestion) the Smokey Pork BBQ- Korean Barbecue Pork with Wasabi Cucumber Slaw and Shoestring Potatoes. So good! We both truly enjoyed it, the flavors were all so unique.
The French bread they used was so perfect we had to ask if they got them from a local bakery. The answer is yes, a Vietnamese place (Don Phong possibly?) in New Orleans East. I would have to get the name again because I haven't been able to find it on Google Maps but if anyone knows it please send me the location.
On to dessert, yes we had dessert! It was NYE after all, worth celebrating! We each even ordered our own. My husband had the Kung Pao Cocoa Pot, which was peanut butter mousse, with dark chocolate cookies. Umm yeah, if you're drooling about now it's ok I won't tell. But wait, there's more, I ordered the Coconut Creme Brûlée- infused with Keffir Lime, on the side was a dollop of chantilly cream with a couple pieces of their home made fortune cookie.. AGH! It was so good! The lime flavor was there but not too overpowering and the presentation was just so amazing, for everything really. Well worth the blind recommendation from the lady at the Civic Theater Box Office. What a great night and Happy New Year!I'd been meaning to try Lucky Rooster for awhile now and finally got to it this week.
While the atmosphere is very cozy, the food was disappointing.  Due to ye ole Polar Vortex, I ordered the buttered buddha, their take on a hot buttered rum. It was more on the order of melted butterscotch in sweetness and it wasn't very hot. I ordered the korean chicken and that was even sweeter than the warm butterscotch drink! It was basically four chicken wings covered in a sticky, gooey sweet, overly garlicked bright orange sauce. Awful. The jasmine rice which accompanied it was also entirely too sweet, almost syrupy. The vegetables were good. My friend ordered the pork banh mi and the bread was soggy and the pork was fatty. I want to give it another try and order something else but there were few (really no) options that weren't overly carb heavy or sweet seeming. Hopefully one of the soups on another cold evening? Like I said, great atmosphere....The Lucky Rooster and I found each other on a recent trip to New Orleans.  I go to New Orleans a lot, and consider myself a N'Awlins food snob.  I go the places the locals go, and I know good from bad.  Not to brag, but to let you know that I feel qualified to weigh in here.
So- trust me when I tell you this is good.
Anyway, here is the story, I was in the fourth night of a fifth night trip. I had some great meals, but I was just ready for "something different".  I asked for a recommendation from my conceirge at the Loft 523 (another place you should check out by the way), and he sent me here.  I found exactly what I was looking for.
First the decor and ambience- this place has that hip, New York feel- no, it wasn't pretentious and precious- just that feel that the people who put this place together have their finger on the pulse of what is current and in. That said, the place is comfortable, friendly and accessible, so New York style without the New York attitude. (I think that one of the reasons this is true is because you get the feel that the people who put the place together didn't seem to be taking themselves overly seriously- there is humor in the menus, the wallpaper, the place, plus, every body working there seems to be having a good time.)
Next, and I guess most important- the food- bottom line- great.  What I found out later is that the owner, Chef Neal, has the  pedigree- he was Emiril's right hand man or something like that for a long time.  So, the food, while falling into recognizableand accessible asian categories, was just diffferent, better, updated- more interesting and updated.  Try the Korean Sticky Beef, Curry Noodle Salad, Dragon Warrior- to start.
Third, the drinks were great too- but here is the thing I was bummed to learn later, apparently they have some secret drink menu that you have to know to ask for (Anyway, I guess that gives me another reason to go back!)
Bottom line, trust me on this one- it is great.This is a delicious and unique lunch spot in the CBD. The atmosphere is hip and modern, the food is inventive and not something you will find anywhere else in the neighborhood.
All in all, I like this place a lot! A step (or two) above the average sanwich with price ranges that compete with other sandwich shops downtown. Also, the prices are a steal for dinner.
I have been here 4 times and had the chance to try the following: 
Dumplings- Good, not amazing, but definitely solid.
Mermaid Crab Soup- Um YUM. Wow.
Shrimp Bao- Delish! THe mango and shrimp marry well together.
Curry Beef Noodle Salad- Love this, it's my go -to dish. I do wish they would put more meat in the dish. THere are only 2 small skewers in with a lot of noodles.
Overall, i definitely recommend this place. I do wish they would add some more beef to the curry noodle salad but everything else was great.
YUM!Best Asian Fusion Restaurant in New Orleans.  The atmosphere is great,  the restaurant has a very rustic feel and food is amazing! Must try the Shitake Spring Rolls,  Korean Spicy Beef Bao, Mermaid Soup,  and the Korean Short Ribs with Fried Rice! Yum,  yum, and yum!So awesome.  I had been wanting to come for a few weeks since they opened and this was my first opportunity.  I was very impressed!  We had the Korean Fried Chicken to start, quite possibly the most delicious chicken wing I have ever eaten.  I thought Tan Dinh did it right, with the garlicky lime salt and pepper wings, but these were phenomenal.  I wish there were more than 4 in an order, but they are hearty, and saucy, and delicious, so next time, I'll happily fork over an extra $7 to get a double order.  
Next was the steamed bun taco thingys.  We got the BLT steamed bun (pork belly) and the Korean ginger shrimp.  Delicious.  Perfect with the house made pickles.  Rolling.  
I also got the Barbet et que bahn mi, which was chile glazed pork, fried shallot rings, jalapenos, bahn mi veggies, etc on a soft and delicious baguette.  
Finally we finished with the giant fortune cookie, which we ordered kind of as a goof, but it was goddamned tasty!  A pleasant surprise.  Would like to try many other things next time.  We each got a cocktail, I got the ginger Kola rum thing.  eh.  not the best drink ever, but no worries.  Next time I will try the dumplings and a soup and/or salad.  
Great restaurant.  Awesome space.  Excellent service.  Can't wait to go back.I went to this restaurant for the first time last night, I wantend to try it for a while and I wasn't disappointed. All the dishes on the menu sounded really yummy, unfortunately, I have a dietary restriction and I couldn't find anything to suit my needs. I asked our server, Kelly, and she went above and beyond to find me something gluten free. The Chef was very kind and put together a special dish for me, it was very tasty and it was gluten free. I coulnd't have asked for more. Thank you Kelly and thanks to the Chef, you guys are great!Scratch dumpling appetizer is served as 3 pieces. Waiter offered a 4th with an upcharge as there were two of us dining. For this we paid $9.00. Rip off! Sauces were great but the dumplings were no different than Gyoza in any Asian restaurant. Curry Noodle salad came with two tiny pieces of grilled beef (1 oz total at best) and was a bit oily and not very flavorful.  Waiter assured me that this was the best salad in the house. Wow! Items served to other diners looked good and the atmosphere is very nice but the $48.00 we spent for two people would go a hell of a lot farther in any of the fantastic Vietnamese restaurants in New Orleans and so far the quality of food doesn't even come close. Service was slow but the server was nice.i had eaten here before and fondly remembered the cubed pork bahn mi.  cubed roasted pork, battered in tempura, tossed in bbq sauce and covered in do chau, fried shallotts, with jalapenos and mint.   yum.
so my girlfriend was sick and i suggested getting soup to go from the lucky rooster.  she got the lucky mermaid soup, i got the pork bahn mi, and an order of egg rolls to share.   fifty bucks.   yea no joke, fifty bucks for a soup, two little spring rolls, and a maybe 7" sandwich.
worse: the pork bahn mi was completely different.  it wasnt cubed and fried anymore.  it was like a pulled pork mixed with hoisin peanut sauce.  no more fried shallotts, no more jalapenos on top.   not bad but not at all the sandwich i had before.
my girlfriend said her soup was okay but it badly needed to be seasoned.  she also found it offputting to eat corn on the cob and crack crab out of a soup; so the soup was a finger food.
i was still hungry after splitting $50 in takeout food between two people.
the lucky rooster perfectly captures my general problem with asian fusion food: it isnt as delicious as straight up asian food, its much more expensive, and the lucky rooster is inconsistent.Sat next to John Folse of Restaurant Revolution.  Apparently he comes here to get his good Chinese food fix too!I visited this place on a recent trip to NOLA . My wife and I thought it was FANTASTIC.
I had the Korean Sticky Beef & the Scratch Dumplings both I thought were amazing. I would have liked a bigger portion of Sticky beef as I thought the portion size was a little small. My wife had the Lucky Rooster which she said was "awesomeness in a bowl" .We will be back on our next trip for sure.Food is good but service needs work. Went there for lunch and was there for a good 90 minutes. Host made a mistake and thought we needed a two-top when we needed a three-top. Waiter was literally sweating profusely and seemed overwhelmed. I'll go back here in a few months when the novelty has worn off and when I can reliably get in and out in under an hour.Delicious food, cool atmosphere, and very vegetarian friendly. Located in a quieter section of the business district, but in walking distance to Bourbon St. They have a really unique and extensive wine and cocktail list.
I had the Lo Mein Spinach salad (they'll substitute tofu for any meat), and shared coconut rice and imperial shiitake rolls -- all fantastic.Absolutely love this place. The exotic house made sodas make a killer cocktail and can be enjoyed virgin style for those who wanna fancy drink sans alcohol. Cardamom cola and the Juan's Donkey are my favs. The bar has a wide array of interesting liquors and house made syrups. Enough about the bar, let's talk about the food. Unfortunately I have celiacs so therefore I am forced to follow a gluten free diet. When I mentioned this to the server they said they would inform the kitchen and the kitchen would make something special just for me. After a short wait our server brought me wok fried veggies with coconut jasmine rice and a side of house made siracha sauce. Amazing and it is now one of the items on the menu! For those who can enjoy all things gluten definitely go for the Roundhouse Wings! Check this place out, you will not be disappointed! Sit at the bar for the full experience! Cheers!PREDICTION:  "HI!  It's Cyn.  I'd like to swing by and pick-up my regular, please," is what I foresee in future evenings after work.  My sign is the rat, but I'll let the rooster have this one.
This new hot spot has a menu chalked full of Asian delights... with a few twists..  My long lost friend, Christine, works here which made my visit even mo' better.  We ordered the Scratch Dumplings, the Red Ginger Shrimp Bao and the Enchanting Mermaid soup.  There wasn't anything real spectacular about the dumping except the two sauces that came one the side.  You must dip in both for full effect.  They also come in threes which means if there are two of you, which we were, we had to spilt the third.  The Red Ginger Shrimp was an item on the menu I had been eyeing every time I checked it out in anticipation of this night.  I could have easily eaten many more of these tasty little treats.  The right balance of flavors with well cooked shrimp in a fluffy bao.  *drool*  The soup... this meal in itself is served in a generous bowl.  Even though we split it, I could have easily eaten the whole bowl on my own minus the starters.  We were trying to get as much meat out of the crab chucks.  Almost fought over the piece of corn until, thankfully, we discovered there are two!  This will prolly become my go-to soup when I'm not feeling well.  Each of us only ordered one cocktail.  I had the Strawberry-Thai Basil Soda with Campari (which is one of my faves).  It was very refreshing, especially because we sat outside, but it was served with a pink umbrella!  Only time I've ever had that happen was that Yacht Club bar drinking Shirley Temples when I was 12.
This place is AMAZING!!  And I'm not just say'n that.  We had so much fun.  How could we not?!  The atmosphere, décor, the wait staff, the cocktails and let's not forget the food!  There's no way someone could leave here unhappy.  Lucky me, it's super close to my place.I've been following the development of this place for a while now. When I heard that the folks behind Juan's were opening an Asian noodle joint, I was ecstatic. Visions of spicy, audacious dishes filled my head. The location is perfect, just a little jaunt from work. 
Unfortunately, Lucky Rooster is more Slice than Juan's, which is to say that, right now, it sucks. I know we're still in early days, but these aren't rookies we're talking about. They're seasoned restauranteurs that must know that their neighbors are anticipating their latest venture.
Lucky Rooster's prices are just a bit too high to justify going very often. I mean, I know we're in the CBD here, but there are decently priced options nearby. The namesake dish is basically a bland chicken noodle soup [nice vegetables though]. It was authentic to no cuisine in particular--which is fine. I love the postmodern non-Tex-Mex of Juan's, but this didn't even work on that level either. We're talking super boring broth with tiny chunks of chicken. I will say I got mine with a nicely poached egg for a buck--just about the only fair-seeming price on the menu. Otherwise, the menu is pretty short right now, but spans from banh mi to noodle soups to bao.
Service was fine except that the waiter kept pushing things--appetizers, drinks, and dessert--in a really chintzy and tacky way. I was obviously there for a cheap work lunch--I don't need to be pushed beer and dessert for chrissake. 
Sorry, folks. I won't be back soon. In fact, I'm suffering from a pretty whopping case of cognitive dissonance looking at the overall rating and the other reviews. Where did they eat?Alas, we really wanted to love the Lucky Rooster but no. The decor is hip, cute and the service was good. The food was fairly tasty but our dumplings were so underdone I was glad trichinosis is no longer a concern. The drinks with fancy ice are basically adult snow cones, neat but wearing. With the food, the drinks could have used more acid to hold their own.Lucky Rooster is awesome!! We went at 7pm on a Friday and the place was pretty empty, which really surprises me. We ordered the dumpling sampler platter ($8), the citrus glazed ribs appetizer ($8), and the steak banh mi ($12). Everything was awesome - the dumplings were tasty and came with an awesome spicy mustard sauce, the ribs were tender and the sauce was flavorful, and the banh mi was just AMAZING. Service was good, the ambiance is nice, and the location is central without being too touristy. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because of price - it's a bit on the high end, but worth it!This place has a few of my favorite chicken dishes in the city.  Excellent cocktails and excellent dishes across the board.  I found the few detractors here either completely off the mark or actually disingenuous.  As a side note, when you go into a loud restaurant (I don't find it that loud), you shouldn't detract a rating because you found it to be loud.Great food....Fantastic Service and Super  Fun atmosphere! We visited Lucky Rooster twice during our recent visit to New Orleans. We will be back!!!My roommate took me to this place the day after it opened, so it was fun to be one of the first people to check this place out.  The service was great from the very start and the restaurant itself has a really cool vibe to it, relaxing and classy, which suits the Asian fusion menu.  The fresh fruit strewn all across the bar was a nice touch.  I ordered the Korean BBQ Beef Bao and had a cocktail called Liquid Swords.  The Bao was very good, the kim chi slaw was tasty and the steamed buns were light and fluffy, just how I like 'em. Liquid Swords was my favorite though and you just gotta love an Asian place that includes Wu Tang references on the menu.  The drink has green chartreuse, koval jasmine and crushed ice they make right in front of your eyes, all served in a cool little stainless steel cup.  Try this place, with its location in the CBD and reasonable prices, I wouldn't be surprised if this place has a line out the door soon.My spouse and I went here one night for dinner to support our friend who is the chef and brother to the owner.  Holy cow were we impressed.  Everything about the place and the food was awesome.  The ambience was very casual and low-key.  Although small in space there was a "big" uncrowded feel to the dining room.  We were immediately sat and a very friendly named dani was our waitress.  Due to the very reasonable prices on the menu we decided to try a variety of things.  Our apps were the mushroom spring rolls, the red ginger shrimp bao, and the dumplings.  The food came out quickly and piping hot.  For our entrees we ordered the enchanted mermaid soup and the happy mandarin salad.  I cannot say enough good things about the food.  We thoroughly enjoyed everything we had.  Every bite was an explosion of flavor and due to the creative mix of flavors every bite was different.  Living in New Orleans, you learn quickly that we do "New Orleans" very well.  However, if you long for something else, it is severely lacking. Even the restaurants that don't have nola cuisine try to put a "nola" spin on their food (ala la thai on prytania).  The lucky rooster doesn't do that.  They go for the something different and it works!!  You can tell from the look, texture and sheer flavor of the food that everything is super fresh and made in house.  For desert we tried the fortunate (yes that's correct) cookie which is easily the best "fortune" style cookie you will ever eat - with a hand written note from the staff as your fortune.  We also tried the crème brulee which was light and had a wondrous coconut and lime flavor.   I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  I will definitely go again and again and again.  What a delightful departure, and much needed refreshing change from the typical "new Orleans" restaurant.  The lucky in the name is right - we are lucky that they opened such a delightful new place with such delicious food.The servers look pretty stoned, but that dosen't detract from their congenial service or excellent cuisine. Killer asian fusion in a city that is surprisingly lacking in asian fusion. House made spice and fruit infused soda are incorporated into cocktails that are truly better than jesus. 
Everything I shoved into my mouth during the 20 minute gorge fest which constituted that evenings dinner was delicious. Not a ton of vegetarian options but, if you get them all, it's enough or a small feast. Their banh mi is way over priced (i.e. more than $4), but that's the New Orleans way. They got me boozed up enough not to care.Yum. loved it. 
Went with a friend. We got the Korean Fried Chicken - so delicious. It's not spicy, but it's got so much flavor. We also got the Pork Ribs which were sinful. Sinful. I'm going back to try the Scratch dumplings - they looked so good.
We also got the BLT Bao - I can't even with these things. Soo good. That pork belly was so rich and delicious. But the great part is that it's small - not usually a good thing, but here it is. Because it's not overload. We also got the pork Banh Mi, but I was too full to eat it. It was delicious as well.
I am definitely a fan! Can't wait to come back.Service was quick and wait staff was friendly and helpful. Unfortunately the food was so hot I couldn't enjoy it...and I love spicy food! There was so much cilantro, it was too overpowering. I will come back, but will avoid the chili dishes.Was looking for a Thai restaurant to try out and found the Lucky Rooster. It was a very pleasant experience. 
   Had the lucky rooster dish, which was very good but needed a little more. (Ask the server for some squid sauce! He may not know what your talking about, but the chef will.) 
   I recommend this place for a great Thai experience. I Will return to try different stuff.Very Americanized and bland food. The Lucky Rooster Soup had a decent mix of veggies but the chicken is the same diced stuff they use at Juan's and Slice. The soup was much improved by adding their Rooster Sauce but it just wasn't that great. The Cocoa Pot dessert was very small and nothing special as it was just peanut butter with some chocolate syrup poured over it with some chocolate wafer cookies shoved in it. I could have made everything I ate here in less than 10 minutes and for under $5 except mine would've been much better.  
Lucky Rooster Soup with egg added $13 
Iced Tea $2.50
Cocoa Pot dessert $6
So with tax, tip and metered parking lunch came out to $29.34! At that price I could've gone to Commander's Palace and had three courses with 25 cent martinis to boot!
Juan's and Slice are good values and good food but Lucky Rooster fails to deliver in either area. Noodle and Pie blows this place out of the water with both food and value.
They do seem to put extreme effort into their fancy cocktails here so maybe that's why women seem to like this place as they get all liquored up and then anything tastes good to them.
This place is all form with no substance and Lao Tzu says the Tao will not be found here. Sage advice I will follow.
Leave this place to the hipsters and fancy cocktail addicts!Really good! Some reviews knock the place for not having real Asian food.. Maybe because that's not what LR is going for!! It's an American twist on a lot of classics and so good. Me and my boyfriend got the beef curry soup and the chefs chicken fried rice and we are so glad we have left overs. We also had the sampler appetizer, the KFC was my favorite off that plate. Our server, Leigh, was knowledgeable and kept my water full! I will definitely be back!Wow!! Impressed. Even the decor is cool.  The staff was super nice and made me vegan dishes and knew their ingredients so I didn't end up with mystery meat by accident. Fun vibe and cool wallpaper. I even like the bathrooms heheheh. After a few drinks I was there a few times. Yes the drinks are great. Unique mixed drinks plus the usual stuff. All in all I was very pleased and will be back. Want to get lucky? Eat here!I have to admit that I'm a little underwhelmed by Lucky Rooster. The first time I went I had their namesake dish, and I found it very bland. I like spicy food, and I expected at least a little bit of heat given the theme of the restaurant. On my second visit I ordered an explicitly spicy dish, and was still underwhelmed. Although it was good, it was not great, by any means. The chicken wings dish was very expensive for what you get (3 wings, when chicken wings are dirt cheap). Compared to the chicken wings at Tan Dinh, which come piled high and are the most delicious things on the planet, this was a huge disappointment.
My girlfriend was so unhappy with her dish that I'll probably have trouble getting her to go back with me. I'll probably continue to go, but mostly at lunch, which is a shame because the cocktails sound good. My cardamom cola on my last visit was tasty, so I have high hopes for the adult beverages. I just don't have much motivation to go there when the food is kind of pricey for what you get, and, more importantly, lacking in flavor.I'd probably go more 3 1/2, but I'm cutting them some slack for being less than a week old. Food tasted great and my cocktail (Juan's Donkey) was excellent. But there were some things I have a gripe about.
Happy Mandarin Salad - Supposed to have chicken, goat cheese, arugula and sesame won tons. There were dozens of won tons. One slice of chicken the size of a Frito (not even a Frito scoop) and I'm not sure there was any goat cheese. Plenty of arugula. Disappointing.
Enchanting Mermaids soup - taste and food quality great. Perhaps I'm not cool enough to appreciate the concept of street food, but the one thing that got me was that the corn and crabs in the soup both had to be eaten with your hands. I'm almost willing to accept the idea of eating it that way since it tasted great, but would it kill them to provide a wet-nap or cloth to go along with the soup that leaves you a fishy mess?
Fortune cookie for dessert, as great as everyone else has commented.
I'm ready to go back for the spring rolls and buns for a second chance, but I'm not sure I'd do a repeat of what I already ordered.Between the Korean BBQ beef and the Korean spicy chicken, I WILL GO BACK!! Hands down the best BBQ beef I've ever had.Super tasty food. We went here for lunch and it hit the spot. The steamed sandwiches were super delicious and the service was great. I ordered the Thai coconut curry soup that came with shrimp and crab. The flavor of the soup was amazing but the blue crab claws probably weren't the best choice. I know they aren't in season but they didn't really have a good flavor or texture and I accidentally but down on a tiny floating piece of the shell that kind of killed my food high. Otherwise really great--I'll definitely come back on future trips to NOLA.The food was OK.  Was hoping for good fresh noodles and dumpling.
Went back again and tried the seafood soup.  it was OK.Just finished eating at the lucky rooster, had the self titled soup with a kirin to wash it all down. Yea, its goodNice decor, relaxed vibe, friendly service, and delicious food. I had the crispy shiitake imperial rolls and the master po banh mi. Both were incredible and very reasonably priced.The food is delicious...  Service is good too given they just recently started serving the lunch crowd although we did have to wait for the check for a little longer than we should have I think.
the decor is pretty cool
The Lo-mein noodle dish is like something you would find in a fancy fine dining restaurant, and again it was delicious.
The only thing that wasn't appealing was the fact that we paid $6 for 3 dumplings... was not expecting that. They may want to reassess the pricing on their appetizers, that or just add a couple dumplings to the dish. I won't be getting dumplings or spring rolls again because that was kinda ridiculous.
Don't skip out on the fortune cookie it's not like a normal fortune cookie... it's way better.This place is the bomb.  The food is a very interesting mix of asian street food, and really kicks some ass.  You can tell instantly that everything (including the sauces) are made fresh and in house.  Spring rolls are just amazing.  Dumplings are not like any other in the state.  But the Korean Fried Chicken is an orgasm in your mouth. (Thats what she said).
And as others have mentioned, the service is AMAZING.  Went in during the height of lunch rush hour and waited 10-15 minutes.  Somehow, a party that came after us got seated first.  Kindof annoying, but I brought it up to the guy and he was apologetic and made sure we were taken care of.  More than that,  made sure to get us an app as an apology.  Its that kind of service that makes a place.   And frankly, its incredibly rare to find in New Orleans.  
All of this, less than 2 weeks after opening.  It usually takes at least 6 months for a new restaurant to smooth out the issues.  This place may not run like a swiss watch (YET!), but it will...and anything that wasnt 100% perfect was still 95% perfect.  And that is amazing.  
I can't wait to go back and try the cocktails and desserts.  I only wish they had a Besh caliber happy hour.  :)  The prices are fair for the quality.  Its a pretty loud space, and I bet they'll do something with some sound dampeners in the future.  Its a small place, so it does get really crowded.  But worth any wait there may be.  
Welcome to the neighborhood...can't wait to get back for more.Amazing food and service!! Do your self a favor and come here!! The shrimp dumplings are phenomenal! The GM is great, he gave me awesome suggestions and I don't regret any. It's a little off the French quarters but right by the super dome. Please stop by. Don't miss out! Love it!!So, first off, the service was a little slow, especially given that it wasn't busy The glazed rib appetizer wasn't too bad....only complaint was that we paid $1.50 for an extra rib and got a tiny little chunk of extra rib. Not exactly stellar. I got the BBQ pork banh mi, which was good. My BF got the Kung Pao Beef, which was NOT. It was more like boiled spaghetti tossed with teriyaki/ soy somethng, a few veggies, and 6 or 7 (count 'em) tiny little pieces of beef. So more like below average veggie lo mein with a beef topping. I'd go back for the banh mi in a pinch, but only if I
didn't feel like driving all the way out
to Dong Phuong or the West Bank.The Lucky Rooster struts its way to 4 stars! I would totally give it 4.75 stars if I could. 
I'm head over heels for the branding and interior design, head to toe. The logo, the wallpaper, the chairs, the menu; everything is clever and meant to be there. Unless it's somehow purposeful or a mom and pop place, I loathe design aspects that are completely out of place, i.e a buddha head in a French restaurant OR dusty vases with 80s-inspired fake flowers on a bar. 
The restaurant was slow when we arrived around 8:30 the other night, so I would like to see how the service is on a busier night, but they were all very tentative to our needs. 
I had the Strawberry-Thai Basil Soda, and my man had the Cajun Luau libation. I might of had a little drink envy 'cause his tasted absolutely delicious. The Soda is a little tart, but after the water melted it was very refreshing. 
For apps, we shared the Spring Rolls from the Chow section and Shrimp and Crab Chirashi Stack from the Munch. Both were tasty. My only suggestions, if you like a spicier sauce, request it for the Spring Rolls because the Lemongrass Dipping Sauce is pretty mild. I loved the Stack, but the crab is actually crab claws. I ate them all, but for a salad-type dish, I would've preferred crabmeat. A clarification on the menu would also be a good idea for this dish. 
For our dinner, we had the Wise Boar from the Slurp section and the Barbe et Queue from the Crunch section. Super good and had the kick I was looking forward to in both these dishes. The Barbe et Queue might not be a "first date dish" since it was all over my hands. No fear! Handy wipes are readily available on the table as well as a little bowl for us to put the ribs in, from the Wise Boar. You're really thinking, Lucky Rooster!  
There was no way we could finish our dinner plates, let alone hit the dessert menu, aka Happy Ending. I will absolutely be back for dessert and drinks!
Till then, I'm constructing a means to "borrow" some of their awesome wallpaper!I've never understood the concept of Asian Fusion until I came here but now I see. I ordered the Thai iced tea, pork belly bao, and the coconut sticky rice. The bao is a must have! The rice was a good side, but not really anything more. The Thai iced tea totally hit home- that's the closest I've ever gotten to my favorite iced tea that I get in Bangkok. The whole meal was delicious and surprisingly inexpensive for the location and atmosphere of the place. I'd definitely go back!DON'T BOTHER ME WHILE I'M GOSSIPING WITH MY CO WORKERS....
After a tedious dinner at Lucky Rooster it hit me: these people really don't enjoy interacting with customers.  They much prefer their private in-house clique or the cold anonymity of their iPhones. But staffing made up of a dozen frolicking Siris is as unengaging as watching an ant farm.  For me, I eat at the bar to get the vibe, talk about the Saints, find out the scoop; not to watch the backs of 6 heads as they group text.  The Lucky Rooster is just another characterless entry in the long boring line of other new colorless restaurants. Walking home I oddly swerved into the McDonalds on Canal (you know, the scary one off O'Keefe), not so much to eat, but to receive a little animated customer service from another human being.
TERRIBLE QUALITY/VALUE: the bao wasn't stuffed but a folded taco with just 2 shrimp in the crease; the curry salad was mostly a lettuce leaf and a cup of glass noodles: $9.
WAY BETTER. NEARBY & SIMILARLY PRICED OPTIONS: 
Root, Capdeville, Butcher, Sun Ray, Carmo, Phil's Grill, Welty's Deli, any place where you don't order into a box...Pretty good place for lunch.  The buns were relatively flavorless, but the lucky rooster noodle soup was flavorful and filling.  I was expecting more of a pho, but it was more of a miso ramen, which went well with all of the vegetables.  It would have been better with pork or beef though, as the chicken was pretty bland.