Food was good, drinks we're better, service was best. (April you are a rockstar). I just wish I had the good sense to go during happy hour.Awesome had the crab Avocado app and boudin rolls, pepper jelly was to die for. Hot garlic shrimp boil was great 2. Great spot with great drinks, good for a first date or with the family!First ever distillery restaurant in NOLA.  Fantastic brunch with bottomless vodka bar which is more than a Bloody Mary with fresh squeezed orange and grapefruit juice.  If you don't like vodka they will substitute for real.  Salads are delicious with homemade dressing and large enough to split.    Definitely make this a future stop.Happy hour deals are amazing and include seafood. The boudin egg rolls were awesome paired with our super strong cocktails (all happy hour price!). We ordered the shrimp basket and rainbow trout. The shrimp basket came with awesome spicy shrimp on top of really good thin cut fries. The rainbow trout was to die for. Good vibes hereWould love to be able to rate the food and drink but unfortunately the only thing we were able to sample was water. We choose Lula from the many options in NOLA, were seated on the patio and promptly ignored. The waiter took pictures for the other guests and chitchatted with the other tables but never even took our drink order. After waiting for a long while, we walked out. I don't think anyone noticed.French toast was great. Everything else we ordered was just so-so (salads, omelette..) Slow dining experience - we didn't get our food until 50 min after sitting down.Came here with a group of friends for dinner. Heard great things about their brunch and dinner, so we had to check it out! Their menu had lots of options, so my group had a hard time choosing appetizers and entrees. We ordered the Lump Crab & Avocado Dip and the Escargot Saint Michael for appetizers, then the Grilled Gulf Fish, Grilled Skirt Steak, Braised Pork Roast, and Blackberry Glazed Ribs for our entrees. 
The appetizers came out not too long after ordering, but they did not look too exciting. The Escargot Saint Michael sounded better on the menu than it tasted. It wasn't so flavorful. My friends and I were looking for the lump crab in the dip, but we think it was just finely mixed in there. It just tasted like avocado and mango put together as a dip. The entrees came shortly after finishing the appetizers. Everything looked very appealing and tasty. We all had a little piece of each of our entrees to try out. None of the entrees really stood out to us, even though the menu and pictures made them seem very captivating. The Grilled Skirt Steak was grilled very well and it was very nicely portioned, but it definitely need more seasoning. The Braised Pork Roast was pretty tender, but nothing to brag about. The Blackberry Glazed Ribs probably had the most flavor out of all of the entrees, but it was just decent.
Overall, the food here is pretty decent with a really cool interior. I was amazed when I walked in with the awesome architecture and view of the distillery through large windows. I heard really good things about their brunch and "All-You-Can-Drink-Vodka" option. I will definitely think about trying that out one day.Finally made it to the restaurant as recommended by a friend. This place is awesome. Service by Ian was professional and on time. Food was fresh. I had the crawfish and it was perfectly seasoned! My husband had the skirt steak, it was very tender and the succotash.... (OMG) was beyond delicious. Definitely one of my favorite places now! ICE cold beer is a plus!!! The decor is different, but it's a comfortable atmosphere with impeccable service!!!Délicieux. First eatery stop in New Orleans. The Blind Pelican was what our hotel suggested. Blind Pelican packed with a 90 minute wait. Place looks like a party, for sure.
Nope, hungry. We needed food. 
Short walk no line, fast service, industrial look instead of a Mardi Grais float motif and ooooh...the food was good.
I had rum laquered (like teriyaki) prawns on dirty rice. Fabulous. I asked for dirty rice instead of succotash (blergh) substitutes ok here. Love that! 
Hubby ordered flank steak, mashed potatoes  (another substitute) and salad. He loved.
M.  had catfish and fried dill pickles. She thought catfish best tasting ever but the darn thing was a sandwich. She didn't care for the bread. The fried pickle very different and quite tasty. 
S.  had pork scewers. He wanted more. Yum.
And the place makes its own rum,  vodka...The rum rocked. 
New Orleans is starting off a delight of dishes.New Orleans has so many food options. It's hard to know who has the best food because everything is so good but I truly believe we discovered the best chicken sandwich in New Orleans! 
When we arrived our server told us about a $20 unlimited vodka offering. We were too hung over to even think about alcohol. I wanted a Po boy but sadly they didn't have any so I begrudgingly ordered this chicken sandwich! Whoa! The bacon has the most amazing sweet crust of molasses and figs. The cheese is shredded and the chicken was cooked to perfection. Two of us ordered this and both agreed it was one of the best things we ate in the city! 
Our friend ordered the garlic shrimp bowl. She said the sauce was amazing and it was drizzled generously over the shrimp and the fries.
So good! Definitely make sure you check this one out!First off, this place has really cool features in the building, but okay food.
For appetizers, we had the lump crab and avocado dip which was good, very light in flavor. We also had the Escargot Saint Michael and that was not the favorite on the table. The only way I could describe it was different...kind of weird. Maybe trotter sauce is not my thing.
After looking through all the Yelp pictures, I ended up ordering the Braised Pork Roast with an Iberville salad. The braised pork roast was on the bland side, but tender and juicy. Also, it has the same sauce as the Escargot and that just threw it off for me. 
My friends had the Grilled Gulf Fish, Blackberry glazed ribs, and the Grilled Skirt Steak.  The fish was kind of bland as well as the skirt steak.  The blackberry glazed ribs were pretty flavorful and tender, just a little more hands on to eat.
The best part about this place is that they have their own distillery! I just wish they had better food.One of the best meals I've every had.
-The crawfish mac n cheese
-Coconut chicken soup? or gumbo? can't remember the name but so amazing and unique tasting
-The prawns were too fishy tasting for us
-The drinks were really good and amazing happy hour pricesThe food and service was excellent.  The staff was very nice and enjoyed giving us recommendations of what to do in New Orleans.  The planters punch & Lula's omelet were delicious.I was extremely disappointed with the food. We got the Iberville salad and the Lee Lee sandwich. Each dishes were lacking flavor. However, the most disappointing aspect of the visit was how rude the bartender was to our party. He was supposed to be our waiter and barked across the room instead of approaching our table with professionalism. I'm not sure of his name, but he was working during the day on Friday. We will most probably never return.Was very excited to try this place as an out of towner. The pictures online look great. However, was disappointed at many of the menu items my friends and I ordered. We questioned their food pairing choices that didn't quite go well together. For examples, the crab avocado dip we started with (which sounds delicious) had a very off putting flavor. We thought the avocado would come NEXT to the avocado rather than mixed in, the flavor was weird but not in a good way. Then the shrimp broils came with about two cups of SOGGY fries some of which weren't completely cooked. The shrimp itself was okay, a bit salty but edible unlike the fries. One of my friends was lucky enough to order the Mac n Cheese dish which was actually really good. The hostess was also not in the best mood, she sat us down without even saying a word to us. The saving grace for this place was the waiter who was actually very nice! He noticed we didn't like the avocado dip thing and took it off our check, very much appreciated! Wouldn't come back.The dinner was amazing, best redfish ever over popcorn rice. Also had a fantastic piece of salmon over slaw salad . Save room for dessert, the flan and boozy cake was phenomenal .My husband and I were visiting New Orleans for the first time.  Celebrating 35 years of marriage we were looking for a memorable meal.  Boy did we find it!  The light airy atmosphere stunned and impressed me when we first walked in along with friendly greetings by several employees.  We were seated and our server, Ryan, came to our table and explained several items to us.  He did such a good job we ordered two appetizers:  smoked pompano and avocado served with bread and boudin egg rolls.  Both appetizers were New tastes for us and we loved them.  My husband had the braised pork with smashed potatoes and he devoured it.  The pork was edible without a knife!   I had skirt steak with fries and salad.  The steak was cooked perfectly to my request of medium rare and was so tender!  The fries were good as was the side salad with oil & vinegar.  So they had just boiled crawfish outdoors on the restaurant patio and even though my husband had been satisfied with his meal, he couldn't resist the 3-lb bowl of crawfish!  I even ate my first one (and a few more) and was surprised by the flavor.  Who knew?  We then ordered the berry cobbler and it was the final palate pleaser to this great meal!  We arrived quite early and had the pleasure of enjoying Ryan's undivided attention.  We found him to be very attentive and very much a part of the great experience we had at Lula's.   For us, this restaurant was a  departure from the usual and we are so glad we went there!Wow! I had dinner at Lula with a couple friends and everyone was impressed. I'm reviewing dishes in descending order of greatness. 
I started with the cucumber vodka Collins, which was fantastic! I could have drank them all night. It went down smooth was perfectly sweet, which for me isn't too sugary. 10/10
The fried pickled mirlitons were surprisingly good. The crispiness of the batter played well off the soft, almost sliminess (in a good way) of the mirlitons. But the star was the poblano ranch dip. I could have dipped everything in it. The fried mirlitons in the ranch had a tangy, smoky thing going on that was delicious. I will order that again. 10/10
I ordered the grilled gulf fish and was very pleased.  The fish was seasoned lightly and cooked perfectly. The green onion popcorn rice was very flavorful. Lots of herbs and a sweet-ish sauce that could be a little overpowering for some but I loved. I would definitely order it again. 10/10
My friend got the special, which was crawfish Mac and cheese. Amazing. It came with a salad dressed with the poblano ranch, which was very good, but it was a too-much-of-a-good-thing situation as the amount of dressing could have been reduced by about half. I would get the salad again but with dressing on the side. 8/10
The blueberry cobbler was very good but seemed more like cake topped with blueberries. 8/10
The boudin egg rolls were fine. I prefer boudin with a bit more rice and these were very meat heavy. The fig sauce they were served with was good but an odd pairing. 6/10 
The service was fantastic. We wanted to sit outside and we're content to wait at the bar until a table was available but after about 3 minutes, the host moved a table outside for us. 
The wine list was also nice with lots of options in the $30-40 per bottle range.Excellent food, excellent service and reasonable prices! What more could you want? The waiter brought us some crawfish "just to try" since we were curious about them but didn't want to commit to an order, and yum! They were great! As was everything else we had.  Highly recommend this new place.  Help them grow!Food was good, but the drinks were great! The house made vodka cucumber cocktail stood out. Had a great time on the patio and our server, Judy, was amazing!!!The atmosphere is nice, the drinks are good but the food is just okay. Definitely not what you expect for New Orleans food. But service is great and prices are reasonable! I would come just for drinks and eat somewhere else.Have to say that we chose this because it was right down the street from our hotel. But! It did look fun and inviting (restaurant/distillery, for heaven's sake!) It was really nice. We went on a Thursday so it wasn't busy. We were promptly shown to a table and our waitress Brittany was right there. I am a vodka drinker so this being a vodka/gin/rum distillery was right up my alley. I ordered an interesting vodka lemonade with basil which was delicious! My husband, the bourbon drinker, was rewarded with a very nice Manhattan.
We weren't starving so we split an appetizer, smoked pompano and avacado dip, and shrimp in a ginger and lemongrass sauce. Delish! Give this off-the-beaten-path place a try soon!My sister and brother-in-law booked a small get-together event at Lula's as their rehearsal "dinner." The restaurant was awesome. The vibe was fun and upbeat and the room where the private event took place was just gorgeous.
We can't really speak for the menu as the event had a catered menu, but all the food was really delicious! The staff was really attentive and accommodating and everyone had a great time.
The party also had a chance to tour the distillery which was both a great time and a great learning experience. It definitely puts into perspective how much time and effort is put into distilling.
I had a great time and I totally would be excited to visit the restaurant again!Delicious food, stylish, clean interior, and good service! We couldn't resist to a freshly distilled gin in the house! They literally drafted it into the bottle from their distillery. We also brought our 1 year old, and they accommodated her well with some crayons and coloring paper :-)Great location, great atmosphere, great staff, great food.  Very spacious, modern rustic decor , awesome view of the distillery.  Huge bar.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  It's casual and family friendly. There is also outdoor seating so you can watch the streetcars pass by while you sip your cocktail and enjoy your meal.Great food, friendly customer service, and fair prices. I would definitely come back. It's big so good for large groups.We came here really wanting to love this place. The location is great, and who doesn't love a local distillary? We walked in and loved the ambiance- causal, rustic, and warm. Unfortunately soon after we were seated things quickly took a turn for the worse. 
The servers appeared to be attentive, everyone was very concerned whether or not someone had been over to take our order. However, no one had actually taken our order and we waited for about 10 minutes before someone came to tell us about the menu. He was eager to give us information and went on to describe the alcohol they distill in house and the use of sugar cane, but he was stumbling over his words and forgot a lot of details about what he was supposed tell us from the menu. 
We ordered the planters punch,  which tasted delicious! After about 3 drinks each we realized it was lacking the "punch" we were looking for.
We decided to snack on a few appetizers, so we ordered the boudin egg rolls, fried pickles, and pork skewers on sugar cane stalks. We ordered the pickles first, but they came a few minutes after the other two apps (which we had ordered about 15 minutes apart). After ordering, we had to switch tables because we seated directly under a tree that had caterpillars falling from it. One landed on my ankle and stung me, which isn't the best way to start out a meal. 
After we switched tables and our food was coming, the servers became very confused as to where our food and drinks should go, even though no one was at the table we left, we were at the table directly next to it, and we told multiple servers we had switched tables. 
The fried pickles were the best of the three, but the breading was very thick and it lost a lot of the pickly flavor. As for the egg rolls- as soon as we took a bite, we had a lot of trouble chewing as it felt like a raw mushy meatball inside of a crunchy shell. I will say, the dipping sauce it came with was delicious and made the dish a lot more edible. The pork skewers were..umm..very phallic..and lacked in flavor. It was also very awkward to eat off a thick stalk of sugar cane. 
Toward the end, we both felt pretty sick and bloated from the food. All we wanted was to get out of there, but our server was nowhere to be found. After about 20 minutes he came by, very apologetic about the wait, and brought us our check. The check was incorrect and charged us for too many drinks.
 In the end, the food was WAY overpriced for the low quality that it was. I'm glad I tried it, but we will not be returning anytime soon.Great food and the vodka was amazing. Highly recommend for brunch and Britney was a great server.First things first, it's a distillery. Rum, vodka & gin. Take me at my word gin is not even close to my favorite. Lula's gin however is fantastic, try the bees knees. 
The crawfish Mac-n-Cheese was creamy and delicious. Only critique would be the the crawfish chunks could be a bit bigger. 
If you like ribs or even have a passing fondness for them do yourself a favor and get the blackberry glazed ribs! Fall off the bone delicious, sweet and fruity with the glaze while the meat is nice and savory.If you are in NOLA and want a neat place to eat that's not in the quarter, give them a try! A little on the noisy side because, well it's a distillery and apparently an old warehouse so open rafter ceilings but food and drinks are super yummy. We weren't terribly hungry so split two apps.; Boudin Egg Rolls and Avocado and Crap with Wontons. To drink I tried the Bees Knees and hubs had a beer. They distill their own vodka, rum and gin. Have a bottomless vodka bar but I'm not a huge vodka fan. Definitely give them a go!Really incredible food. Best shrimp and grits I have ever had! We did the $20 bottomless vodka bar which seemed great in theory but we all felt that the vodka was pretty watered down so might not have been as great of a deal as we thought bWent here for dinner last week and it was sub par. Had the drum special on a bed of rice. The fish was fishy and the rice swimming in some sort of oil. Gave them another shot strictly for the boiled crawfish and they failed again. They disintegrated as you tried to peel them. Pre boiled and obviously soaking until ordered. We asked if they could make more and the answer was no. Won't be going back.I think if I ate here first I would never go anywhere else in New Orleans. The crab claws with the lemongrass marinade we are religious experience. Fish with grilled vegetables and rice was amazing. And I think I could drink the cucumber vodka Collins  all night long. We also did a tour which is great because you can go any time and don't have to wait for specific tour times. Loved, loved, loved this place!!!My wife and I had a nice lunch on a Saturday at Lula.  My wife had the Coolinary special.  It consisted of 
Fried green tomato
Braised Pork Shank and grits
Apple Pie purse with Ice cream
I selected the fried chicken and grits.
Everything was fresh and nicely prepared.  The waiter was very attentive.
The atmosphere can be described and loud.  My wife and I could not carry on a casual conversation.  We had to speakly loudly to be heard.  
You could not hear the music playing over the speakers and the waiter had to speak up so we could hear him.
There were 4 large tables in the back having some type of function and their loudness influenced the whole restaurant.  
Overall we enjoyed it, but this is not for a quite meal.Enjoyed a delicious meal, grilled vegetable salad with steak. Cocktails are fantastic and made with their small batch vodka, gin and rum. We were lucky to get a tour of the distillery. Super cool process and beautiful place!Been hear plenty of times for drinks, but was very surprised on how good the food was. You must order lump crab and avocado dip as an app. The skirt steak entrée was humongous! Best cocktail on the menu is vodka and Basel smash.Stopped in here for a Sunday Brunch based on the high ratings others have given this place.  It should be noted that one "reviewer" gave it 5 stars then had complaints about the Boudin Egg Roll, the crawfish, the cornish hen, the rice, the veg and the dessert!... REALLY?! 5 Stars??  Ugh.
ok - rant over.
We started with the Lump Crab & Avocado Dip and were expecting to actually SEE some crab.  I even asked the waiter about my "missing" crab.  Apparently, they take a little bit of crab and mix it in with everything.  Maybe instead of calling it Lump Crab & Avocado Dip, they should call it Avocado dip with mango, curry and crab since the amount of the crab ingredient was clearly the smallest.  But I love avocado and mango, so it was still good.  We really liked the wanton crisps.
For my meal, the waiter recommended the Boiled Shrimp and I chose the Garlic Butter seasoning.  For $15.00, I got 5 shrimp and some fries I could have done without nor did I even eat.  I thought they were a little soggy under the sauce and they certainly weren't fresh out of the fryer.  They weren't worth wasting any belly space on.  The flavor of the garlic butter shrimp was on point though.
A friend had the Lula omelette and she LOVED it.  The eggs were cooked well (not overcooked at all).  I tried her biscuit and I could have eaten a few of those!
Another friend had the bacon egg cheese burger without the bacon or egg and thought the burger was too froo froo for her.  But once she removed the bacon from the burger, her opinion no longer counted.
I'd eat here again, but I probably try somewhere else first.
A plus - Lula's has free wifi!Amazing food.  Hand crafted spirits and the best customer service !  Thank you Rhonda for your amazing service, helpful tips and friendly conversation.  The food is 5star!  
Thank you for an amazing first meal in this amazing city!Beautiful inside and good food. We had vegetarians and non vegetarians as a part of the party and everyone was happy. Fried Picked Squash dish was AMAZING and a must have for everyone. 
Lula cocktails were great. Lula vodka on its own was not.
They run the ac super high in the summer. Felt good at first but a light jacket would have been good.Maybe it was an off-night because there were multiple huge parties and a private event next door, but it was a really rough go of it last night, and I feel compelled to offer some constructive feedback. Perhaps our server was new to the job--very pleasant, but seemingly unfamiliar with both the menu, and the very basics of service (e.g. don't serve dessert while the dinner dishes are still on the table...and while you're at it, don't leave the dinner dishes on the table for 20 minutes after everyone has finished eating). Management was intermittently attentive to us, but not to the functioning of the restaurant. Some of the food was excellent, but some didn't come close to matching what was described on the menu, some was cold, some was way over-cooked, and how do you run out of one of the prix fixe menu items for the first seating of the night? And if you do, why do you wait to tell the guest until well after dinner should have been served? It was actually comical after awhile. Anyway, I could go on, but hopefully management will take stock of how things are functioning in there. It looked like the bulk of the crowd was families with kids, or huge holiday parties. Hope they had a more consistently better experience than we did. It's a cool place but this is NOLA--with all the choices we have, restaurants need to earn a return visit.The restaurant has a cool vibe with a friendly staff.  Their home brew vodka is excellent.We visited this restaurant for the first time with a party of two, on Saturday, September 1st at about 5:15PM.  
We actually already had dinner plans, so we were not here to eat.  We actually stopped in just for Happy Hour.   We sat at the bar.
The restaurant is really beautiful. It has a classy elegance to it; however, yet remains pretty casual.   It appears it was recently remodeled; however, I am not 100% sure of that.
So, we came in and ordered drinks, which were delicious.  We also had the Fried Pickles, which were absolutely delicious with the included Poblano Ranch sauce.   
So, why the three star review. The staff refused to honor happy hour prices.  The sign on the sidewalk (outside of the restaurant) clearly indicates that happy hour is everyday.   Once you are inside, they inform you that it is only Monday - Thursday. Seems like a pretty poor ploy to get unsuspecting people in the door. 
Based on the truth in advertising, I likely would not choose to dine in this location again.Amazing cocktails, delicious food, great atmosphere. Pork skewers, escargot, rum lacquered shrimp with succotash all so good. Boudin eggrolls, yum!This restaurant and distillery has got it going!  Josh was so helpful and provided excellent service.  I asked him for a drink recommendation and he suggested the Cucumber Vodka Collins.  Wow, it was so smooth that I could drink three of them!  I asked Josh for food suggestions.  Josh suggested the Red Fish with popcorn rice and vegetables.  I ate every bit!  It was so flavorful and healthy at the same time.  I had never eaten red fish before.  My husband was very pleased with his selections as well.  I would not hesitate to return to this establishment!!This restaurant is the BEST! The ribs here are truly fantastic! The rum and vodka is out of this world. Their cucumber Collins drink is refreshing . We bring all our friends here after the saints games. The service is also extremely friendly and attentive.If you're in the neighborhood of St. Charles and New Orleans you must go to Lula!  the vodka basil smash the desserts the fresh vegetables and salad wonderful foodLet me start by saying,  absolutely beautiful place. With that being said looks alone are not going to be what keeps this place in business. 
So when we arrived we were greeted and welcomed immediately. Following this was two servers that were standing at the front door/hostess desk bickering about tables being taken from one and the other firing right back that he needed to take it up with the one or ones that took his table/tables. This went on for a good couple of minutes. Right after the hostess came back and seated us. 
Our server was Jose, one the servers that was bickering at the front door, introduced himself and stated, upon our request of course, that he would return in a few min to take our order. We ordered a bottle of wine, which he knew nothing of, and took almost 12 min for it to be brought to us. Now on to our food!!!! I had the Blackberry Glazed Ribs with Sweet Corn and Dirty Rice. Friend had Crawfish Mac & Cheese, also with Dirty Rice and for an appetizer we shared the Boudin Spring Rolls with a Fig Maple Sauce. The flavor of everything was had was amazing, but very sad it was more of a room temperature when we got it. Must have been precooked and ready to serve without being kept hot or even warm. 
So in completion the servers need to know when the right time for a conversation is and isn't and the food should come to the table hot.This was my second trip there and it was still as amazing as the first time I went. I got the boiled shrimp with the lemon grass sauce......O.M.G it was delicious....the only thing I didn't like is that it was on a bed of fries, which I don't eat, but I'm not complaining at all. So far, Lula is one of my favorite restaurants. Our waiter was amazing!!!!!! He was very attentive and charming and made sure everything was good with us!Second time visiting Lula. The first time was definitely better. Maybe because of the novelty of a new place. I would recommend sitting outside because the atmosphere is nicer. Nothing wrong with the inside but it contributes to a better overall experience to sit outside on the patio. 
Honestly would say the food is pretty average. In a city that has phenomenal food, it falls below my standard especially when you're looking at how much the food is compared to the quality of it. Plenty of other places to visit here that are way better overall. 
Our server accidentally brought us another round of drinks that we didn't ask for and then proceeded to try to make us pay for them. It was definitely her mistake and we didn't want the drinks. At the end of the meal, she finally came back and took it off our tab (I'm guessing because she second guessed her judgement?). Normal restaurant etiquette would have panned out differently from the get go. We would have been fine with paying for the second round but the way it was represented was less than appealing (sorry, y'all have to pay for this.....). She was flustered and we completely understand it's not an ideal situation but it could have been handled better. 
Would suggest maybe just coming for drinks and that's about it. Food is overpriced but I'm all for trying things at least once or twice!Fish dish, Cornish hen and hamburger were great. Smoked pompano with avocado and picked mirleton were very good. Very attractive but a bit noisy. Enjoyed it.Lula had a very cool atmosphere! However, the service was just ok. I had the boiled seafood option which had great flavor, but I only received 5 shrimp in the bucket, with the majority of the dish being French fries. If I were to return in the future, I would pick a different dish to try.Was so excited to try this place. Unfortunately, I will never go again. First off... my friend found a tiny bug in her mojito. Looked like a baby ladybug. Assuming they didn't wash the mint leaves. She sent it back and the waiter was rude and didn't apologize. She bites into her rice... of course... there's hair that clearly wasn't hers or mine. Sent that back... again... the waiter was rude. A Male manager came and apologized... brought her a new meal and drink but didn't offer to comp anything. Then, I noticed my drink also had two bugs in it and her new drink had one. We asked to speak to the manager again. The waiter was extremely rude... this time a female manager comes up and is ridiculously rude. Points at us as if she isn't next to us and says "they're the same ones" with a nasty attitude. Then she proceed to tell us they got their mint from restaurant depot and it had bugs in it so they are throwing that bag away and opening a new one. Never once did they offer to comp anything nor did they even make us feel like we were valued customers. It was an extremely awful experience. The place is beautiful and we had high expectations. But no only did they have so many mishaps with our food and drinks, but our waiter was extremely rude, short and unapologetic ... not to mention we had to call him several times to get his attention for the issues we had because he never checked on us! Just absolutely terrible!!!We live not to far and usually get amazing service at the bar, but tonight the bartender is awful!!
Not coming back anytime soon 
Will wait for Sara to be our bartenderUpdate: the restaurant owner reached out to correct this issue. Additionally after hours the staff brought us a folder we had left at the restaurant. We couldn't believe it. Excellent service 
Okay I really wanted to give this place a full 4-5 stars but we just had the weirdest experience paying for dinner. My dad ordered a Manhattan and they charged us $21 for a little drink. Apparently they charge you $10 for the liquor and another $11 for the "stuff that goes in it." The martini is the same price. The food is great, the service lackluster. Lots of potential here, the menu, the food, it's good but some stuff has to be figured out. Crawfish Mac and cheese was great, so was the buttermilk Cornish game hen.Dudes, come on. I get that the awkward period between Thanksgiving and New Years might be your slow period, but that's no excuse to have such lackluster service. 
The head manager was leaning up against the front host stand when we arrived, didn't bother to greet us or get us seated. Hilariously, as we were leaving, he was leaning against the back corner of the bar, staring into space. "Bye" to you, too, man. 
My main bone to pick with this place is the "boiled seafood" that they have on the menu. I ordered the shrimp with the spicy garlic seasoning. Was super excited for some boiled seafood, you know, with potatoes and corn and all. I was not expecting four shrimp on a bed of soggy fries topped with super sour gravy. Maybe it was because it was the end of November, but guys, that's a misleading menu item!This was definitely the best food we ate in NOLA. I had the hot garlic shrimp and a daiquiri. Absolutely blown away. Both of these items are simple but they took them up a hug notch. I wish I lived near by!!Review for private event in the space to the left of the restaurant: 
I want to give 3-1/2 stars, but I can't. Since nothing terrible happened I'll give 4 stars. 
***I have been here for a bar visit. The drinks are tasty, and the bathrooms are very clean & nice. Staff has always been great, but I haven't yet been here for a full dinner service. I'm sure that review is coming soon. :) ***
Things that were less than enjoyable - the floor is CONCRETE and there were 3 tables with chairs for 75 guests. The dinner was a SIT DOWN style requiring utensils. Trying to eat at the tiny little stand tables was rather awkward. Also, after a few hours of being required to stand up, the floor gets annoying. If you're having an event there, presumably everyone will be in uncomfortable shoes, being made more uncomfortable by bare concrete. There has to be another flooring solution.  
Things that were more than enjoyable - the staff passing apps and working the bar, were super pleasant. The table settings were nice, and the set up where the buffet was looked pretty as well. The food was good considering buffet style: super tasty salad, and more than decent shrimp & grits. Grits were a little watery, but flavor was there. The food was definitely something that could please a crowd of people, which is a win when you have a small buffet for a party. The bar served a variety of drinks, and the cocktails were made to order (not from a huge pitcher!!!). Music was being played during the whole event, and while I could easily hear the music I never felt like the space was overly loud. I could hear the music and the person next to me speaking. There is a parking lot, though I did not know that, and simply parked for free a few blocks down the street. Parking can be difficult so if there is said parking lot, that would be a huge bonus.On a very wet Saturday afternoon on NOLA, we decided to walk to this place. It was a very large building inside with a huge open celling and floorplan. A distillery at the other end of the room behind glass which a man was polishing the brass. We were greeted by the hostess and seated in towards the middle of the restaurant she said our sever Ryan would be right with you. 
Ryan came over and greeted us and asked if we have ever been there before. We said no and he explained that they made their own Gin, Rum and Vodka. 
The menu is on the smaller size, but Ryan recommended the favorites, but since we were from out of town, we should really try the Avocado and crab dip. We also tried the Boudin egg roll app in wonton wrappers. Those were not that great but the sauce made it okay. The hit was the Avocado Crab dip. Simply amazing, and the fact they served with fried won tons vs chips. 
Because they were in Happy Hour all drinks and apps were $ 5.00 each, we told Ryan to leave a menu as we were going to order through the menu as courses. Ryan suggested that we try Crawfish as we've never tried them. He brought us 3 and showed us how to eat them, my wife and I tried them, and learned that although its a lot of work to only get a little meat. We decided to pass on ordered 3 pounds and going with Buttermilk Fried Cornish Hen. This came out smelling good, it was perfectly fried yet a tad salty. it tasted well with the Rum Punch I was sampling and my wife Vodka Cucumber beverage. Or next course was the Gulf Fish over Parsley Rice and Summer Squash. The Gulf Fish was seasoned wonderful but the rice had too much oil through it. and the summer squash was hard and not fully cooked. 
  We decided to order some dessert. Ryan suggested that we get the boozy cupcakes and the berry cobbler. The Boozy Cupcakes came out with two in a pool of Bourbon pecan sauce. The cupcake itself was dry and dense. It needed some moisture inside. Although the boozy sauce is what sells this dish, but it still needs moisture inside. 
The berry cobbler with Vanilla ice cream came out hot. The fruit was sitting on a biscuit not a crust. Nor did it have a crumb topping. It was warm with sensation of flavors dancing around my mouth. 
   Overall, we would go back to Luna's and try some different things. 
Ask for Ryan as he really understands the true meaning of customer service by going up and beyond for his guests, 
Well done !$20 all you can drink  self serve vodka bar on the weekends is one of the best deals in town. However, the food is pretty underwhelming. Pretty basic menu that lacks flavor, although we did enjoy the fried mirlitons and pablano ranch dipping sauce.  The wait staff didn't meet expectations, especially after ordering another round of "all you can drink" then telling us at 2:01 the deal ends at 2:00 after we had already ordered ... but luckily the manager took care of us, thank you. 
Overall, a bang for your buck for the drinks, not food.We had a wonderful experience working with Erin at Lula as we planned our wedding reception. Lula's Barrel Room is a beautiful space and a great canvas for whatever direction you want to take your decorations in. Erin was incredibly helpful and responsive, which was one of the most important things to me, as I was planning from out of state. The food is wonderful; the braised pork roast is tender and flavorful, and the avocado dip is delicious. The cocktails are outstanding; I tried the Cucumber Vodka Collins, the Bees Knees, and the Daiquiri and was impressed by all three. Erin was willing to work with me on the menu options and incredibly accommodating, with great ideas when I was unsure of what direction to go. Ultimately, the band we'd chosen needed more space and our guest list grew, so we aren't able to hold the reception at Lula but I wouldn't hesitate to choose them for another event, and look forward to visiting them for drinks and delicious meals during future trips!Awesome restaurant! Great atmosphere, great workers, great food! Nathan, our waitress, was fantastic, really knows how to talk to people and be very conversational. I definitely recommend this place!We arrived on a quiet Saturday for lunch. There was plenty of outdoor seating (not much shade, so bring your sunglasses). The service was great. We wanted to change our order a few minutes after placing it (a function of a menu with great options leading to second guessing and buyers remorse, "I should have ordered the shrimp not the steak").
We had a salad with shrimp and the spicy shrimp with fries, a couple of beers and a mojito with house made rum for dessert. I can't recommend this place highly enough. I look forward to returning.Easily the best place we ate at our last trip to New Orleans.
Went here for brunch and also the famed bottomless Vodka bar - it is a distillery after all. Drinks were good - they give you a glass of vodka on ice, and there's a bar of various juices and bloody mary mixes and fixins. All combinations were very good. They are not stingy with refills, so pace yourself and be careful.
Food was even better. I did the shrimp and grits, which I'm not always a fan of, but this was the best I've ever had. Giant, head on gulf shrimp, creamy grits, and a fried green tomato slice. Perfect combination of fresh flavors. Other foods we ordered were good as well.
Service was good, and prices were on the higher side, but fair. Definitely will be back next time we pass through.Fantastic restaurant with great food and drinks. Apps were reasonably priced and well proportioned, with great flavors. Highly recommend the escargot. Drinks were stiff. Pompano avocado dip was fantastic, as well. Staff was energetic, and quick to respond. 
Recommend, but prices were a bit steep.My friend and I went here for brunch and waited for 45 minutes and a server never came to our table. We wanted to have a nice Sunday brunch, but left after asking for someone to help us and no one came after about 10 more minutes of waiting. We wanted to have a nice brunch!Great food and super friendly service. We went during happy hour, and I must say the cocktails were delicious and the appetizers were not too bad. They make their own spirits and they are very tasty. We ordered the garlic shrimp with a side salad and the coconut crab soup, which was the flavor of the day. The broth of the soup was ahhhhmazing, definitely house made. Check this little jewel out.Such a disappointment... The mojitos and crawfish mac n cheese were good but I'll stop at that. The  service was absolutely terrible. Our waitress was too focused on the table behind us to get anything right. We had our appetizer for about 15 minutes before getting our silverware. We got a blue cheese side salad and received Cole slaw instead (never been here so we didn't realize we were even given the wrong thing until we saw it on our bill) by then it was too late because our bill had already come and our waitress was giving attitude because she  thought we had ordered an extra drink  which we clearly did not. Anyways, won't be back here EVER.This place is amazing. The food is good but what made them exceptional was their service and that they truly cared and made me feel very special on my birthday.  I definitely recommend this place.Wow! What an amazing place. Totally kind, great food, and great spirits! We had their flight and was totally impressed.  We loved their salad and shrimp boil. The owner took us on a tour and their distillery was in full force. Clean and professional none the less. I can't wait to see this place take off and I know it will!!I randomly found this place when leaving Krewe du Brew a few doors down. I ordered the Gulf Fish Sandwich. It was fresh and flavorful. I had the Cucumber Collins which was a refreshing drink. Came back a few days later for the the crawfish. The owner worked hard to ensure they were just right! Great service!Went for brunch.   Delivered one item completely wrong then brought correct sandwich with wrong things on it.  Brought back sandwich where it wasn't made again just pulled off the bacon.  Had Omelette with burnt veggies and rock hard breakfast potatoes.  Nice looking place but food needs lots of work.   Hey don't look for anything,  but would of been smart to take care something on the bill.  Maybe some time will make this place better.The service was awesome !  The Collins with the made on premise alcohol using local sugarcane. Was amazing we got the boiled crawfish big enough to share but doesn't mean you have too :)This is a genius idea and well done. Tasty spirits, delicious food, friendly staff and great use of location. Kudos!Great happy hour until 7pm weekdays only.  All drinks are $5 during happy hour & the apps are $5 during happy hour.  Easy to get to from downtown and plenty of parking behind restaurant.  Put this on your "to do list" after work!  My recommendations include the French 75 and the vodka basil smash.Loved the ambiance and drinks but food was less than stellar. Crawfish Mac n cheese, very bland and almost over cooked. Shrimp and grits, very bland, not enough sauce. Salmon, over cooked n salad. May just go for cocktails next time...they were very good. Not a good kid menu...just in case you were wondering.Great dinner options with Tuesday night trivia! (See tips.) Mel, bartender/server always upbeat and fun. Geoff,  quizmaster, always has original questions and quick repartee!  The only downside? More serving help needed for quiz crowd in Tuesday night.We went to Lula's for lunch.  St. Charles street is away from the crowds so it was nice to have space to breathe.  I had one of the most delicious salads ever.  Roasted veggies, salad, and shrimp.  We sat at the bar.  The server was attentive and on top of things.  
The prices were reasonable.  The space is large and clean.  If you have a large group this would probably be a good place to stop in for lunch or dinner.  We enjoyed our dining experience.  I would definitely go back for the service and that salad!My sister and I stumbled across Lula Restaurant and stopped in for brunch. We had great service! I highly recommend ordering the Cucumber Vodka Collins - such a flavorful cocktail! The Lula omelet and grilled skirt steak were amazing!You have to get the Hot Garlic shrimp. It is the best shrimp sauce I've ever had. The house-made gin is good but the Spanish Gin and Tonic with basil and black pepper is phenomenalOur group was eager to try Lula's after reading all of the reviews.
We found the house made Vodka very smooth, but the house made gin somewhat bland in flavor.
Our food choices included two dishes that used the house made Boudin.  Both the appetizer Boudin egg rolls and the entree Boudin stuffed quail suffered from the very bland, overly rice-laden Boudin.   Good south Louisiana Boudin is full of flavor from the pork ingredients, chicken, and an abundance of spices and aromatics.   The egg rolls are good if you use a lot of the dipping sauce.   The quail could have had so much more flavor.
The braised rabbit with white beans was just ok... had a vinegar taste.
The ribs were flavorful and really tender.
The crawfish Mac and cheese was good also.
Service at the table was good, not so much at the bar.
Ambiance was very nice.