Cute remodel - nice decor, some of the wait staff was friendly, others not so.  It was hot in there!  We sat at the sushi bar right by the AC thermostat.  It read 77 degrees at 7:30 pm on a July night!  
I didn't like that our waiter tried handing us the check when we were still waiting for my husband's last dish.  He even still had his chopsticks in his hands!  Once the chef shook his head at him, he walked away.
My husband ordered the "all raw feed me" for $60, which was 5 dishes.  They were all crafted with a lot of thought, tons of flavor, and precision in the plating.  The last dish was New Zealand king salmon, which came in fresh that day.  All of the fish was super fresh.
The portions were VERY SMALL- more like a tasting.  He was still hungry afterwards.  I got the dumplings, which were very delicious and also the "monkey" salmon dish.  It was good as well, but the portions again were small.  All of the fish was sliced thin and small in size.   
I'd say go once to experience LUVI, but if you like to eat sushi/sashimi like we do, find another place.  It's too pricy for what you get.This has quickly become one of my favorite places to eat! My friend and I have been here twice already and I've never left feeling disappointed. I recommend just about everything they have on the raw list and then on the medium plates the mama dumplings are a must! What also makes this place great in my book is that the service is amazing.This was my second time eating here and it did not disappoint. If you want to make it here for dinner, be sure to go early or you will have to wait. My family of four tried to come around 7:30pm last time and the wait was an hour so we were disappointed to have to drive all this way and not get seated even though we called ahead of time and was told that there was no wait. This time, our family of five got in right before seven and was seated right away!
  We came here for the fresh uni. We ordered both specials of the day: fresh uni and king salmon. We also ordered the happy meal, stolen treasure, spicy Dan Dan noodles and the mixed feed me menu of five course non-raw and raw items.  The feed me menu came with fried pompano, lion's head soup, tuna rose, lemonfish rose and raw pompano with yellow kiwi. 
  The food came pretty quickly and very presentable. The portions are on the small side. Everything we ordered was delicious except the cheese they added on the king salmon was out of place and almost ruined the culinary experience.  The uni by itself was a great experience! I've never had uni mixed in a citrus twist before. I've had it at sushi restaurants with a thin slice of lemon or straight out of the shell for the ultimate oceanic, briny taste. 
  Another slight error was the miscommunication between the waiter and the chef. The chef told our waiter that our table was done with the food when we didn't get any of the raw items we ordered from the feed me menu. Luckily, I said something or we would have not been able to try the great lemonfish! The chef personally brought out our last dish, the raw pompano and apologized for the long wait for our food, which made the dinner all the better. 
   Another plus about Luvi is that they have a  machine that seals the cups like at the boba tea place, for kids' drinks and drinks to go. Follow them on Instagram so you can see when they have uni. Overall, this is a great culinary experience but if you have a big appetite, you might leave here not fully satiated because of the small portions. Both times that I visited Luvi, I had to grab gelato at Piccola Gelateria afterwards!First of all I am super excited to try this new restaurant. I believe this is the first Shanghainese based cuisine in NOLA. I can taste some of my favorite childhood dishes tonight. Chef Hao did a wonderful job bringing his experiences from Japanese cuisine into this cool new restaurant as well. Chef was able to preserve the traditional Shanghainese cuisine taste while adding elements of fusion dishes of Japanese, Sichuan cuisines. This was a delightful and the most welcoming dinning experience. I have to bring my friends and family back again.One of the best meals I've had in a while. Everything was great! Favorites were the Mala Holla, Stoplight, & Momma's Dumplings. Will be going back soon.We stopped by for dinner, were seated in the only open table. Menus were given to us, and then we never heard from a server again. Waited 25 minutes before leaving. Perhaps servers would be more prepared if you accepted reservations. Hoping to give it another chance soon!I loved Chef Hao's energy & his food was excellent. We had the raw & cooked "feed me" menu. The tuna rose was beautiful & delicious, as was the beeline snapper.  I loved the crab & pork meatball in bone broth too. Already planning to go back to try other things on the menu!Went for dinner last night and had an amazing meal! We tried 5 different things and enjoyed them all. Favorites were the Snow White and the Dumplings! Sat at the raw bar where we could watch as delicious things were created! Food came out quickly and on a Saturday night my husband and I were able to eat and be on our way in just over an hour. It is not a large restaurant and so I'm not sure how great it would be for larger parties, but perfect for date night or just out with a few friends. Will definitely be coming back and wanting to try the Feed Me option! Love having y'all in the neighborhoodBest sashimi/raw fish/Japanese in New Orleans by far. The menu is so diverse, and surprisingly very affordable if split between friends. I showed up with 6 friends 20 mins before closing, and they stayed open for us without a problem - great staff.
The quality of the fish was superb and unlike elsewhere in NOLA, and the service was excellent. Some of the most creative dishes I've seen in New Orleans, all served in a beautiful, comfortable restaurant with a rotating table that made sharing the food so easy. Love it and would 10/10 recommend.This review is not about the food.  It's about the experience.
We attempted to have dinner here on a Thursday night at 6:30.  I know they don't take reservations for parties of less than 6 (which I'm not a fan of and don't understand); and we thought 6:30 was early enough to get a table for a party of 4.  
We were wrong.  All tables were full.  We were told that we could sit at the bar.  The bar looks like it seats about 15-20 people, and it was completely empty.  We said that we'd sit at the bar and have a drink while we wait for a table to open.  We were told "No, the bar is only for people who are going to eat here.  You can wait outside."  Keep in mind, this is New Orleans in July.  Even at 6:30 it's 100 degrees outside.  Who wants to do that when there is ample space inside?  I could even understand it if they said that we could sit at the bar, but if it fills up, we'll ask you to move for people who are going to eat.  But to simply say, "No.  Go outside" is crazy!
So we left and went to Bistro Daisy and had a great meal.  
Very smart of Luvi to turn away business!  Given that this location has been home to more than one failed business, perhaps the next business that goes in here will be smarter than this one.  With policies like these, I don't see them making it.Wonderful funky atmosphere. I love this place. I can get enough of the beauty in the food. It is very adventurous and bold. Nice staff. Sushi is so delish. I enjoy the experience of the food. Bum rush this place. It is meant to be a gem in this area of NOLAOh man. What an awesome find! Fresh, innovative dishes and drop dead gorgeous design. The cocktails aren't half bad either! I could live off of smashed cucumber salad and the Stoplight for weeks on end! Can't wait for a repeat trip.Food was delicious and so were the drinks! My only recommendation is working on the service. We received our drinks after our meal only because we asked a second time then received our check without the rest of the food we ordered. Also seated at the bar by the register/kitchen even though their were plenty of empty spaces in the restaurant by the chef or windows. The wait staff gathers around this area so we could here their arguments throughout our meal. I know this restaurant is new so I'm sure good service will work itself out over time.This is the best Asian food I have had in New Orleans. I am a fairly picky eater especially when it comes to raw foods but I tried their salmon and it was absolutely delicious. It melted in my mouth like butter and was so flavorful. They have more options than just raw food however. Their Bam Bam chicken is wonderful and perfect for a picky eater like me. For more of an Asian spin, I would also recommend the Dan Dan noodles which were delightful.This place is easily the best sushi spot in New Orleans. Hands down highest quality fish in town. Get the feed me and you will have the Chef blow your mind! This place is a must for anyone who loves Japanese cuisine. The only words my friend and I had after the meal were "wow."
I have tried almost all the Japanese restaurants in town, so I can credibly say that Luvi is on a whole nother level.The dumplings are amazing. The drinks are so very lovely. The quality of the raw fish is superb. Honestly, I didn't care for the Dan Dan noodles, but that's just a taste preference. The beef mala holla was delicious. I can't wait to go back.I've been waiting for a restaurant to open similar to this for quite some time. Luvi certainly lived up to my hopes. We went tonight and opted for Luvi's omakase "feed me" menu, which gives you tastes of most all of the raw bar items. Wonderfully fresh fish is showcased with regional flavors like yuzu, or paired with truffle for a little something extra. Don't miss the stolen treasure, or really any of the raw bar items. To round out the meal, we ordered the mama's dumplings, and had some delicious smoked pampano (with possibly a soy reduction). The whole meal was outstanding. Service was wonderful. The atmosphere was casual and comfortable. I can't wait to go back. New Orleans has needed a restaurant like Luvi for quite some time. Welcome, Luvi! We are so happy that you've arrived!Oh my god! This place was so good. We started the  mala halla. Just a warning it's cold but don't let that deter you. It was delicious. For entrees, I had the mama's dumplings and my boyfriend had the panko chicken (he's picky). Everything came out hot and tasted amazing.  Will totally be back.This one has been on my list for too long!! We arrived on Thursday late lunch. The place is super clean, inviting & I was amazed by the new design (previously a donut shop and prior too, a double).
 We promptly ordered the Senseition cocktail. Fresh, refreshing & a perfect beginning to what was to come!
I'm a lover of raw fish, while my boyfriend likes to stick w noodles. So we got a selection of both.
Snow White- fantastic balance, tang of yuzu, toasted garlic, fresh clean white fish
Million dollar baby- tuna w a silky "glaze" of spices / seared tuna & olive oil, avo
Salmon Salsa- clean fresh Salmon w a purée of fresh mango & some kind of roe
Mamas dumplings- fantastic deep bone broth w perfect crunches of finely chopped & marinated veggies. The second I smelt it I knew I was in love- finishes w a hint of ghost chili. Noodles killer fresh & filled w luciousness.
Spicy Dan Dan Noodles- lighter broth w notes of Chicken sate (ground chicken, peanuts, ginger?). I can't tell you how much I love these noodles!!!! 
The freshness & quality of the fish dishes, the depth of flavor of the broths & the exceptional use of ingredients ALL make Luvi a fantastic experience! That's not to even mention Chef Gong & his staffs' true PASSION to take you on an epicurean adventure!! I would not be surprised to see Chef on a James Beard Rising Star list this year!!! 
Thank you Chef!!! We were honored by the trip!! I've been dreaming of my next meal since!Chef Hao serves the freshest fish beautifully presented and artfully delicious. Treat yourself to a one-of-a-kind experience at Luvi.Everything we had was great.  Raw bar was fresh, light and delicious. The dumplings were flavorful and tender. Mala Holla was amazing and a must-try. Will definitely be going back to try more!This restaurant has awesome food !!! The lion head soup it's delicious as well the dumplings and the panko chicken, everyone of the front of the house are very attentive in especial the bartender Dave, cool dude!  I can't wait to comeback and bring my family.Just wow! Great ingredients, great presentation, great sake, great vibe, great ambiance. If you are tired of all of the meh sushi options in this town and want a step up LUVI is for youWonderful experience. The two of us had the "feed me" menu which was an incredible variety of unique and diverse dishes. The staff were very gracious, and made sure we had a very pleasant evening.This might be the most underrated restaurants in New Orleans. LUVI Restaurant offers delicious fresh fish from the raw bar as well as many tasty hot dishes from the kitchen. My mom and I wanted to taste a mix of both of these offerings so we chose to do the "feed me option" where the chef presents you with dishes he thinks you would enjoy. Each plate had amazing presentation and fantastic flavor. Amongst my favorites were the curried beef dumplings and the raw yellow tail. Not to mention the fantastic service! This is a definitely must go in the city!Great food as usual outstanding. and as usual just plain bad service. Always understaffed and rushed. Waiters seem "disoriented" if you know what I mean. Wonder what is going on outside the back doe Tonight the table next to us got  our food. And are it. There is  no thought as to what dishes should come out before the others. We are familiar with that here. It's distracting and takes away from the meal   to always  be wondering  if they will get it right tonight. The food Is the reason to be here but you will need to do the work of the waiter and  control the service.We decided to book LUVI for my boyfriend's birthday and so glad we did! Let's start with the environment vibes: the interior design, lighting, and music playing were lovely! I was obsessed with their floral royal blue chairs. The restaurant isn't over crowded to where you feel suffocated like some. The service was excellent! The food came out fast and the waiter always came around to see if we needed anything. 
Now for the best part of the review: the food. I absolutely love the way the menu is set up. You can order small plates, raw bar plates, and medium plates along with a drink menu plus dessert. We started with the stoplight and wow. It was so delicious. Then we ordered mamas dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, west lake beef, and bam bam chicken. Everything so so good and tasted so fresh. You cannot go wrong here at this restaurant. I'm actually dying to go back just to have the whole raw bar selection and everything else on the menu.We went here for my birthday and left extremely disappointed. We had read the positive reviews and I've always enjoyed Asian fusion restaurants in California so we thought we'd give it a try. The monkey snack is the creativity that we expected throughout the meal, but its high quality was the outlier. We also ordered a special appetizer which was a caprese salad with salmon and dragon fruit but unfortunately lacked flavors that fit together. However, the major disappointment was the massive sea urchin that I ordered for my main dish. I love sea urchin but this one tasted old and smelled strange. When you can't finish one of your favorite dishes, you know something is off.We love this place! Ok maybe we are partially bias because it is within walking distance to our house and I am kind of desperate for even a half decent sushi restaurant in NOLA...but even with that being said, I like this place for several reasons:
1) Fish is fresh
2) Menu is so unique
3) Atmosphere is too cute and so cozy
4) The chef and the waiters really love their restaurant and their passion comes through in everything from the cocktails to dessert.
5) It is a great great date place.
There is something refreshing about this place, it is definitely not one of your run of the mill sushi restaurants. they are doing their own thing and I think I like it!We went here to celebrate my son's first birthday tonight and it was perfect! Pricing was super reasonable for the food/portion size, service was fantastic, and the food was delicious!
We got Mama's dumplings, a fried crawfish wonton special (holy hell these were good), and the Wand Dee shrimp. I can't recommend the special enough and I'd definitely consider ordering whatever they had on special after those wontons! The shrimp were delicious and super garlicky, and the dumplings were tender and savory. 
Birthday boy didn't get to try anything from the raw bar but this is where the chef really stood out. We ordered the Stoplight, Monkey Snack, and Salmon Salsa. I could eat plates of the salmon but everything was delicious, unique, fresh, and the best sashimi we've had in New Orleans period. My wife LOVED the Monkey Snack and the banana is a combination I have never had before. 
We finished the meal with a coconut panna cotta and it was also a huge hit. 
Thank you so much Luvi for the great food and service and we will see you guys again soon!So good! I highly recommend! I had the "feed me" all raw and it was fantastic. The chef puts a lot of detail into his food so not only is everything delicious it's also beautiful!Our new favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Drove past it a few times and didn't even recognize it was a restaurant. Place looked fun and inviting when we opened the door. Courteous knowledgeable server took our order. We sat at what we thought was the Sushi bar but this place is way more than that.
Started with Crawfish dumplings, then a great Feed Me Chef selection and some curried dumplings. Finished off with pink lady desert.
A real taste sensation with creative food pleasing to the eye and palate.
The Chef owner originally from Shanghai, was very engaging and we just had the best time here.
Such a cool spot and will definitely return.Absolutely delicious!!!!! So fresh - and beautifully presented. Particularly loved the dumplings, the Stoplight, and the Million Dollar Baby ... such a Nice addition to the city - Yay!!!!Nice place for a quick bite. Street parking is pretty easy and the staff are delightful. I would recommend ordering a few small platea to share with the table and indulge in the ice cream dessert.YOU GUYS. Tonight I had probably the best flavors that have ever touched my tongue. I have eaten at $600/per plate Top Chef meals to home cooks and I have never tasted some of the incredible flavor combinations as I did tonight. Some of the regular course were amazing and delicious but the FEED ME ALL RAW MENU was mind blowing. Chef Hao Gong is a genius and also very humble and kind. He was a sushi Chef before this and this is his first restaurant and he is KILLING IT. I wish him so much good fortune and success. Pay attention, New Orleans!!!! You have a superstar right under your noses. Much love.This restaurant is a total gem! Every single thing we ordered - which was about half the menu - was delicious! The fish is so fresh it melts in your mouth. The service was excellent and the pacing of the dishes was perfect. So happy we were able to try it! And they are doing a great job with social distancing and have an outdoor table for parties under 4 people. Can't wait to come back!This restaurant changes the New Orleans dining scene. Nowhere else can you find authentic Chinese food or truly innovative raw bar options, let alone under the same roof.
When you walk in, you're greeted by a very friendly and helpful staff. The space is bright and fun: a preview of the meal you're about to indulge in.
We started with cocktails (delicious and well-balanced) and moved to a crisp bottle of white (only $24!). 
For food, we requested the mixed "Feed Me" which pairs 5 raw and cooked dishes. This is omakase so basically whatever chef wants to feed you at that moment. Trust chef.
Dishes were tapa-sized and showcased a lot of the menu. Our favorites were the malla holla, the monkey bites and the squid with yuzu soy and truffle oil, but everything was fantastic. As Luvi starts to blow up, I really hope the food stays consistent because the execution was perfect and the fish was so damn fresh.
Because we couldn't resist, we also ordered the dan dan noodles and mama's dumplings. Dan dan noodles were good, Mama's dumplings were outstanding. Melt-in-your-mouth dumplings in a light, balanced soy broth. Get them or regret it for the rest of your life.
All in all, Chef Hao is killing it. I am so excited to go back ... like tomorrow.This was such an Amazing Experience....WOW....Service was Incredible....Thank You Again Annie!!! You were so perfect....I recommend the "mix and Match"...check it out....Great Atmosphere and The FOOD........WOW!!!!Ohhhhh I'm soooo happy I finally went to LUVI. So cute. Super intimate. I went with a group of 3 - and we hadn't seen one another in a while. We were kind of loud . But we didn't care. I would just be mindful. A place so a date not for seeing old friends. Good was greaT! Waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. Bathroom was gender neutral!The most amazing raw fish experience I've ever had. This chef is a genius with flavors and textures and truly makes his dishes works of art. Run! Don't walk!Dinner at Luvi is absolute poetry. Each dish that you consume here will make your taste buds sing. Both the food and the chef will create an unforgettable experience. In a city full of delightful restaurants this is a perfect gem, with its rare sake selection and flavorful dishes it makes for an experience you will want to repeat time and time again.After not being able to decide between all of the delicious options, we went with the "All Raw, Feed Me." It was excellent! Each of the 5 courses were unique, vibrant, intricate, and allowed the chef to show off his artistic side. Can't wait to stop in again for another wonderful experience! Highly recommend!!A few people had recommended Luvi and they were absolutely right! And if you're going for the first time, the "Feed Me" option is clearly the best one, since you get to taste a bit of everything (we got the mix of raw and non raw). That said, "Feed Me" might be shared by only 2 (we were 3 that night and had to order more food afterwards - which is also a good option since you can ask specifically for your favorites).
The restaurant is very small, so making a reservation is the best way to go. 
Also, if you love desert: the Pink Lady is outrageously delicious! Get it (and don't share!).So happy to see chef Hao Gong have his own place. Food was spectacular, service was great and the atmosphere was warm and inviting. We got the "feed me". Lions head soup (crab meat and pork meatball), Happy Buddha fish (sashimi quality fish perfectly cooked) and Shanghai smoked fish appetizer were some of the standouts. The panko chicken was a hit with my kid.. she still talks about it. Having followed Chef Hao over the years, I recommend putting your trust in him... take a journey and you will be rewarded! Looking forward to many returns and culinary adventures at LUVI!I don't eat sushi but went with some friends.  I have got to say that this place is a level above any other sushi restaurant I've been to. From the presentation to the variety, it was amazing.We celebrated a friends birthday here and had a great time! The "feed me" option is the best way to go and you can choose all raw or some cooked. It is basically an omakase option. Great atmosphere and the food was creative and delicious! 
I have added 3 photos of the items we ordered from the raw menu. (I drank too much sake to remember the names!)I just had the best meal in a long time I always pass up Levine on my way to Petco and I'm always curious as to what it is because from the outside it looks so mysteriousl especially with the dim lighting I needed to decide on a place for dinner  so I decided to give it a try and I wandered in with no idea what I was getting myself into. I was still kind of unsure of what type of restaurant it was . The menu has a rAw bar which is an assortment of different options that you get in a sashimi style then they have medium plates and small plates so overall the portions are kind of tiny but they are incredibly delicious..  like incredibly! I started off with the spring rolls and I had Two from the raw bar menu I had the yellowtail and I also had the one that was tuna both came prepared differently with a little bit of its own style and Taste. I was still starving so I decided to order the baked salmon I was not disappointed at all I have had salmon so many different ways and this was by far the best preparation I have ever had.  It came to be so tender where It was falling apart in a soy reduction that had onions and peaches and I don't even know exactly but it was incredible.  I also enjoyed a tequila cocktail that was recommended by the waiter who was also so charming .: It was tequila with fresh pomegranate juice.  After a really stressful day this is exactly the meal that I needed I enjoyed it so so so much and I will definitely recommend this restaurant and I will be backI really wanted to love Luvi because I think the menu is ambitious and I love the ambiance there but I just...didn't. My friend and I went to check it out one Friday night. We got there early since we had heard it was a tiny spot. It's not as tiny as I thought but it is definitely a space where having a large party would be difficult. We skipped drinks and decided to split a few dishes. Our favorite was definitely the Dark Forest - great deep flavor.  The Million Dollar Baby was also good. The two broth based dishes we got were real disappointments - the Mama's Dumplings and the Spicy Dan Dan noodles were both unbelievably bland. I mean, when you see ghost chili oil on a menu you expect spicy - but the dan dan noodles only had a strong tahini flavor and no spice. The service needs a bit of an upgrade too - two different waiters came at least three times to try to remove our dishes before we were finished with them. It was overbearing.
I might go back to try more of the raw dishes which is where I think Luvi shines. But the other dishes need some work.Enjoyed the meal a lot! Started off with the sushi appetizers below. The one with bananas in it was a little too sweet, but the salmon one was delicious. Next, I ordered the seared vegetarian dumplings. These were the highlight of the meal. Next we received the mama's dumplings and the mashed cucumbers. Both were quite good.Chef Hao Gong is so creative and imaginative with his menu. Tonight I had the chef's  special hot and cold meal which started with his famous chicken sandwich, then pork ball/Bok choy soup, followed by sashimi dishes, salmon, yellowtail, halibut (pictured). Sat at sushi bar and enjoyed every bite, all so tasty and fresh! Really dig this spot!Absolutely EXCELLENT! Everything we ordered was perfect in flavor, texture and presentation.Just excellent.  Its been a while since I have been this impressed with a restaurant.  Space was beautiful with blue wallpapers and patterned chairs.  I wasn't sure the type of Asian food offered and still am not...which is a good thing.  Its not fusion or some particular style of Asian, but kind of the best of several Asian counties?  Food is prepared with Japanese precision, if that makes any sense.  All I really know it was delicious and exquisitely prepared.  Beautiful presentation and even better flavors.  
Menu has a raw section and then small and medium plates.  Raw bar and small plates were priced about the same.    I found the menu a tad pricey, but most likely because I'm a glutton and wanted to try it all.  Eventually I will!
It's worth checking out...you will be glad you did.Wow, wow, wow!!!!  I heard a lot about this place so I made it my first stop during a recent trip. I started off with mama's dumplings--sooooo good!!  How does he make the sauce so dark and yet taste so light???!!!  Then on to chicken matcha--nice mix of freshness with a kick of spice. The highlight was the "feed me" course. The dishes were so beautifully assembled and the fish was very fresh. Loved all the bed of sauces that really elevated the taste of the fish to another level--genius!!  Chef Hao, thank you for one of the best meals I've had in New Orleans!!!Fresh fish, beautiful presentation. That's how I would sum up my experience at Luvi. My friend and I went for a late birthday celebration and we order some appetizers from both the raw bar and kitchen. The dumplings, monkey snack, and dragon boat were delightful. I'm curious about the feed me option. I guess I have another reason to come back! You won't be disappointed with any of the menu items! I suggest going with with a group and trying several items from the menu.Let's just say there's a reason this place is known for their hashtag #luvilove. It's impossible not to love this food or taste the love that goes into it. 
One of the best ways to get a sense of this menu is the "feed me" option. This allows the chef to make you multiple raw or raw and non-raw dishes, some of which are not on the menu.
Chef Hao is the best and is extremely talented. Go out and support this hidden gem on Tchoupitoulas St.Yummy curry dumplings, Dan noodles, and Dragon fruit ice cream.
Get there early, as it packs up, even on a Thursday night.Loved this place. Their eggplant tempura is the best side dish I've ever had in my life... truly. I also enjoyed their Dan Dan noodles and mamas dumplings a lot. I'd definitely come back to try the raw stuff and ice cream.Impressive cuisine in a tiny but adorable little spot. Fresh, bright and beautifully prepared dishes. Highly recommended for weary travelers needing a break from the heavier temptations of NOLA dining.The service is awful. Me and my friend got a lion head, guest what is was frozen food still cold. And my friend dumplings were salty. Won't come back again.TLDR: Eat here now!
This is easily one of the best restaurants in New Orleans, and is my favorite Asian place I've been to in town. Chef Hao Gong and his staff are very friendly, the decor and atmosphere are perfect, and the food is incredible. My wife and I started dinner with the Malla Holla (I could eat 10 lbs of this), then the Dragon Boat and Pagoda (both were incredibly fresh). We finished off with Mama's Dumplings and the Spicy Dan Dan Noodles, both of which satisfied the broth craving that inspired our visit today. We were going to order the Black Sesame Coconut ice cream, but they we sold out, so we told them we didn't need dessert. In kindness, they gave us a scoop of the Magnolia Black Tea ice cream on the house and it was so good! Overall, tonight was one of our favorite dining experiences we've had in a long time.Wonderfully delicious experience. Love that they have so many unique raw options. We ordered a ton of stuff! For the most part we thoroughly enjoyed everything we had minus two dishes. The servers were a bit slammed, but still good. Wish they had more time that way they could have recommended stuff and really elevated the experience. Will 100% be back next time I am in New Orleans. 
We ordered: 
(raw) million dollar baby, Snow White, stoplight, the pompano social, octopus carpaccio, & salmon salsa. The last two were the dishes we didn't care for. 
(Cooked) mama's dumplings, wand dee shrimp, & bang bang chicken. 
Our favorite raw item was definitely the Snow White, explosion of flavor and so fresh! Closely followed by the million dollar baby. I was surprised how much chicken you get with bang bang chicken and the shrimp came on a bed of noodles.The raw menu is fantastic, especially the salmon salsa and monkey snack. I've tried everything on the menu now and I have to say that I'm not a fan of their cooked dishes at all-They lack the flavor and creativity of the raw dishes....today I had the butterfly shrimp with green bean noodles. The shrimp were left shell on, which made them difficult to eat and there was so much garlic(and I love garlic) that it gave off a plastic kind of flavor. 
I will continue to patronize this little gem because of the outstanding sashimi dishes and friendly service, but from now on I will stick to the raw only.This is a new spot under the radar but not for long. Exceptional food with intimate setting. Great staff and awesome experience. Slightly pricey but worth it in my opinion. Get the dumplings and sakeFirst off, I hate giving a 3 star review when everyone has given raving 5 star reviews.  This is just my experience from one Friday night.  Let's skip to the food.
We ordered the "Feed Me" which consisted of about five plates.  Our orders came out at all different times, so it was difficult to keep track of which dishes were actually "Feed Me" dishes.  3 were definitely from the raw bar.  The raw fish quality seemed high end.  We had some beautiful pieces of fish with some really elegant presentations.  Overall, I thought the flavor combinations were ok.  I appreciated the creativity more than the actual taste, which I found a little bland.  But then again, some of these cuts of fish held their own.
We ordered two sides: tuna meatball and the five scented edamame.  Tuna meatball was ok.  It was served under a sweet sauce which decent.  I took one meatball down in one bite.  Probably better to break it up to increase the tuna to sauce ratio.  The edamame was slightly overcooked.  As far as 5 scents go, it was subtle.  I thought I detected a whiff of ginger.  Not sure what the other scents were.  
From the small plates, we had the Mala Holla and Lion's Head.  The Mala Holla was spicy beef shank.  Kind of tasty, but between three of us, we did not finish it.  I had the Lion's Head which was a nice little pork meatball served in a savory broth.  Again, my gripe here is similar to the raw bar.  Nice presentation but a little short on flavor.  Dish felt bland to me, and the meatball looked anemic.  
My favorite dish was the mama's dumplings. These were delicious.  They seemed to be served in dark, savory broth.  Highly recommend this entree.
Our service was spotty.  Luvi is new so I'm giving them a pass.  No points deducted based on what I would call growing pains.  I think they'll be able to offer more consistent and polished service after a few months.
I thought the food at LUVI was ok with one or two standouts.  I will repeat at some point.  I truly hope LUVI succeeds.  I do not know of many restaurants with similar fare.Nothing say. I personally don't like their food. Presentation is great but the taste is terrible. Please don't go.Luvi is a fantastic and truly unique restaurant in New Orleans. They are known for their raw fish options, though they do not have traditional sushi rolls. We started off with the Pagoda- white fish, cucumber, wasabi yuzu vinegar, & truffle oil. It was the star of the meal. The wasabi yuzu vinegar really stood out and made the dish delightfully flavorful. We then ordered the spicy dan dan noodles to share. It is an extremely large portion and is more than enough for 2-3 people to share. The noodles were in a flavorful broth and we made sure to add all of the spice that was given to us on the side. Then we had the Light of Summer and Bottoms Up. The Bottoms Up was definitely the most visually appealing of the dishes with its dark pink dragon fruit and tuna, but the flavor was just not as dynamic as I felt it should be. The Light of Summer was good and very fresh with crisp pink lady apple. Luvi had great service and street parking. The restaurant is extremely small, so I would recommend making a reservation.Thank you Chef Hao for the great birthday celebration. Outstanding eating experience... From walking in door & being greeted by the employees. Food & Service were excellent. Highly recommend!!!I feel a bit upset after my 2nd meal at Luvi, which I'd rate a 1 star, but I'm rating the place 2 stars over all since our first visit wasn't bad.
Our first visit, just after opening, we would give 4 stars. We found the tiny space full to the brim and abuzz with life. We loved the thoughtful, hip decor of the place and felt at home instantly despite the close quarters. Service was attentive considering how busy it was. My partner and I ordered a mix of different hot and cold, raw and cooked items from the menu. The portions then were notably small for the price, but we we OK since we were actually doing a ketogenic diet at the time so were used to smaller portions when you take out the starch, and also, we are accustomed to paying similar price-to-portion ratios at other Japanese restaurants. We know that better quality fish is worth the higher price. Our meal was pleasant and exciting and tasty. We left happy. 
Our visit last night, however, was quite different. We were pleasantly surprised when we called ahead and were told that on a Satursay night, we could walk right in without a wait. We hurried over to find the space was empty except for 3 tables and a few people at the bar. Our server greeted us immediately as did the chef from behind the bar. Service was fine, A-rate even, except for the fact that I personally felt a bit swindled by the end of the meal. Our server emphatically suggested the chef's "Feed Me" option from the menu, priced $45 for raw and cooked or $60 for all raw. He said most nights it was hit or miss, but tonight it was [*made a gesture and kissed his fingers the way Italians do when they really love something*]. We were sold and said so. Then, the server asked what else we'd be having. We were a bit surprised to learn the Feed Me might not feed us both - at $45, or $22.50 each, shouldn't it come close? So we ordered the chef's tuna special also, just to be safe. Food came out gradually, and each dish was a piece of art. However, I really didn't like how difficult each plate was to eat, especially with chopsticks - and I'm very skilled with chopsticks! The food was plated aesthetically and not functionally, I guess. Sharing was particularly awkward because we had to carry the food from across the table to our mouths. Also, everything was so light as to be tasteless. I was really wanting a hit of salt or something by the end of the dishes, it was almost like eating air, and both my partner and I were still hungry. At this point, we'd racked up $80+ with just the Feed Me, 2 cocktails, and the tuna special. Having to order more food just to feel full and satisfied bothered me. The server recommended the chicken with noodles for an additional $10, and the bowl of bland noodles in bland broth came out smelling great but tasting of nothing, with minced chicken floating in the center. Again, HOW are you supposed to eat this? We used soup spoons to drink the broth and chopsticks to get the noodles into our mouths, and we fished the chicken pieces out one by one - it didn't taste like anything, it was cut so small. This dish was laborious but filling, I guess. We didn't even finish the noodles or take the leftovers with us. The $103 bill felt like an insult - was the server trying to upsell us to increase his tip? I will sadly not be going back to Luvi and feel like I was upsold a beautiful, tasteless meal that was better on the plate than in the mouth. Perhaps the emptiness in the restaurant should have warned us that this place has lost its initial opening buzz for a reason and may be on its way out.I saw a friend post about this place and it looked delicious so I had to try! Everything was phenomenal! I went with two friends and we decided to order multiple things to share so we could try a variety! I will definitely do more of the raw items next time because those were all delicious!
We started off with a special, the tuna meatballs. Those were actually my least favorite; they were cooked, which made them have a fishy taste.
From the raw bar, we did the Shanghai Bund which I could have had a whole plate of. So fresh and who would have thought manchego and raw fish? Amazing! We also did the Sunny D.
We did the Spicy Dan Dan Noodles, which were good! Could have used a little more flavor in them, but still good and the Mama's Dumplings!
My favorite part besides the raw bar was the dessert! We did the Pink Lady and a triple scoop of ice cream with all three flavors: Black Sesame Coconut, Dragon Fruit and Magnolia Black Tea Ice Cream! The Pink Lady was amazing; I will dream about this dessert and the coconut ice cream!
A friend also had her kid with us and the chef was so sweet and brought him a lollipop! Everyone was so kind! Will definitely be back!AMAZING! This Asian fusion restaurant is a newer place and is super cute inside. It has a variety of sushi and raw dishes as well as cooked dishes so really has something for everyone! It is a smaller place so I would make a reservation just to be safe since it couldn't easily fill up quickly. We ordered the "Feed Me" which is 5 course meal with 2 cooked dishes and 3 raw dishes that are the chef's special and not even on the menu. The service was amazing and very fast. Our waiter was attentive and was very good about accommodating special dietary needs. 
The dishes I got:
1. Lions head: LA crab and pork meatball in bone broth. This was a really nice starter. It reminded me of a meat matzah ball based on the way it looked and the crab and pork together gave the dish an interesting flavor. 
2. Fried chicken sandwich: this was something I would've never thought to order at an Asian restaurant but it had great flavors and was just the right amount of spicy. 
3. Tuna: this tuna dish was as delicious as it was gorgeous. It was beautifully plated and tasted super fresh. 
4. White fish: I forget what exactly this one was but it was really delicious and had a truffle and citrusy flavor. 
5. Salmon: this one was amazing and had melons and tomato's on the side which I really enjoyed. 
Overall, all the raw dishes were incredibly fresh and beautifully plated. I would definitely recommend coming here if you love raw fish and trying a few of the chefs specialities!Talk about a magical dining experience. My boyfriend took me to LUVI for my 30th birthday as a surprise and all I can say is I'm mad I haven't been sooner. Everything about dining at LUVI was beautiful. I left LUVI feeling total and complete happiness and I haven't even mentioned the food yet! From the decor, to the staff, everything was just so wonderful and welcoming. Now the food, complete and absolute deliciousness. We got the all raw Feed Me option which were five different sashimi plates. Each more beautifully designed and full of so much flavor. Every plate came at the right pace and was just as delicious, if not more than, then one before it. We noticed monkey snack as something that a lot of people get when they go here and let me just tell you what an amazing flavor journey. We also got the Mala Holla and the Dan Dan Noodles which were also delicious. This is easily the best and freshest fish/meal I've ever had. And I don't say that lightly. If you are looking for a place to eat go here. Don't even think about going anywhere else! This is hands down our new favorite place in New Orleans. We want to go for every birthday and anniversary and just because! Haha. Thank you Chef, staff and LUVI for an unforgettable experience. #ileftmyheartatLUVIIf you're in search for sashimi this is the place for you! No maki's here. ;) Try the "Stop Light" (yellow tail topped w jalapeño and roe) and the "Monkey Food" (banana and sesame wrapped w salmon). Great combo Chef! If you're in the mood for meat, I'd recommend the beef shank salad, although not Japanese it's worth ordering.This place is special. The owner is a great guy. Food is beautiful and delicious. Great for a nice date night.This place is amazing.  We ordered a lot more food, but we were too hungry so I forgot to take pictures of the rest of the food.  The curried dumpling soup was one of my favorite hot dish.  All the raw dishes were amazing.  I would highly recommend getting the raw fee me for $70.  It's five raw dishes of chef recommendations.  Absolutely a must try.  I would definitely be back.My meal at LUVI was one of the top food experiences of my life. Chef Hao Gong clearly has an intimate relationship with combining flavors that elevates eating to a mind-blowing experience. How he did not win the 2020 James Beard nomination is a crime against a humble, wildly creative and talented chef whose joy infuses his dishes. I ordered the daily raw chef's selection along with the Monkey snack for dessert. 
I will dream of this meal. It was the highlight of my trip to New Orleans.Loved all the dishes we ordered! My favorite was the monkey's snack. I love salmon and banana. Never would I have thought to combine those two together!
The portions were a decent size. My friend and I ordered 4 things and were happily full. I'm not a big crazy fan for Chinese but here I would definitely come back if I was ever craving. I like that there is a little fusion twist to it.Luvi's dishes are executed so beautifully! I highly suggest ordering the spicy Dan Dan noodles because of the taste and its affordable price! They put the chili paste on the side so you can make it spicy to your liking! Worth every penny! Sushi was also fresh and on point! Love love luv it!Looking for a fun date night or a girls' night out, but wants something different from the usual creole Nola feel? Try this place! Chef/owner will greet you with cheerful hello and wow you with the gorgeous plating!! 
Seating is limited, so expect to RSVP or wait a bit. We had to wait approx 35 min for a table for two at around 7pm. The first dish blew my mind: Snow White. The truffle oil in the dish was the perfect touch.  The presentation was gorgeous, and the texture of the dish left my mouth dancing for more! The tuna crostini was also beautifully platted but lacked flavor. The smash cucumber was a bit under marinated. We also got a few other dishes that didn't really impressed me, but the presentation was gorgeous. Apparently the menu changes up as certain things change with the season. So dont be shy and ask to see their menu beforehand. 
Restaurant is small, but the decor is fun. Tables are kind of tightly packed in there and street parking is limited. Down the street there is a bigger parking lot you can park and walk to LUVI. I would definitely like to come back in the near future and see what else this place can offer.The food is very appealing to the eye but nothing was exceptional. I would still say that the food was good yes, but the prices were pretty high for the mediocre dishes.Second favorite restaurant in New Orleans aleeert!!!!! Oh so good. Oh so fresh! We ordered the $22 Nigori Sake (I love milky unfilthered sake) and shared everything. I ordered based on yelp photos so, sorry yall! No, I did not take pics (all that being mindfull and such) and we ate EVERYTHING.  Based on yelp pics order the spicy meat dish, the dumplins (not the curry), panko chicken (comes with rice), raw salmon with mango and creme fraiche and its plenty for two hungry adults!!!! I truly cannot wait to come back and share some more delicious dishes. Service was excellent. Its a small cozy restaurant, I prefer small groups so I'd keep it at party of 2-4 to stay comfortable! And its a quick turn around but I recommend reservations.