As many other yelpers have stated, I've been dying for this place to open since I moved in around the corner. They finally opened during the course of the week leading up to Mardi Gras, and I couldn't be more excited for it. 
Walking into the Magasin, you'll get a very upscale, trendy vibe to the place. Everything is sleek and new, and quite impressive. I'm a fan of their lighting, but that's another story. 
I was salivating at the menu upon first glance. I settled on their Pho my first go around, and I was so very satisfied. Their presentation is flawless, and their amazing food just makes the whole experience even more delightful. Yes, they may only have one size to their Pho bowls, but to be honest, that could be the least of my concerns. I've since gone back and tried numerous menu items - among my favorites are the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup, the Grilled Shrimp Spring Rolls, and the BBQ Pork Vermicelli Noodle Bowl. Tasty, Tasty, Tasty. 
At the moment, they're still in their first few weeks of being open. They have a delightful owner (who even let my roomie and I be served before they opened for dinner the other day!), and staff who are very eager and apologetic for mistakes made. I haven't had a problem waiting for my food, as all of the times I have gone there, my food has been brought to me in under 10 minutes. I've had to wait longer at numerous other restaurants, so I don't see the wait for food as an issue. 
Cost wise, Magasin is super affordable, with most meals costing under $10. I love meals that don't break my bank and Magasin caters to these needs. 
A few tips - Magasin is BYOB (no corking fees), they do take-out, avoid the busy hours of the day (i.e. 12pm, 6-7ish). I haven't had a problem yet rolling in around 5:30, right when they start up dinner, or a little after the lunch crowd. 
To make a long story short, this is my new go to Pho shop. It may not be like those Pho shops on the westbank, but I've fallen in love with Magasin, and will continue to visit this darling shop frequently. I've been going back continually, and quite frankly, you should give it a shot.As someone who has lived and traveled around Asia, I scrutinize Asian restaurants a little more than others. I look at noodle shops as "Asian fast food" and I'm used to hole in the wall places that are open until 3am. I find it a little unusual that people (hipsters) would want to have a dining experience with soup and noodles.
BUT Magasin does a fantastic job of blending East and West as well as bringing local Vietnamese food culture to Uptown. This is probably the only place that I have been to more than once in a month. I love, LOVE their BBQ pork spring rolls as well as, of course, their pho! The portions are a good size, my order came to me really quickly, and the bill didn't break my budget. 
They do close nightly around 9 pm but I hope they keep open later in future. They just opened and while their staff are friendly and polite, they seem at times a little overwhelmed. But that's OK because they will get even better once they hit their stride. They are going to be a strong Uptown establish soon enough!Fresh and delicious. It was busy for a Monday at lunch, but we only had to wait ten minutes or so for a table of 2. They offer many options, at reasonable prices. Vietnamese sandwiches (bahn mi) are about $4-5 each and are in yummy crusty bread with an average portion of meat. Spring rolls are also inexpensive at $4 for 2 with a side of peanut sauce. The lemongrass chicken was excellent.Magasin is such a great find in NOLA.  We wanted Vietnamese food during our trip to NOLA and the locals recommended Magasin. The decor was extremely modern with a very refreshing feel to it.  I imagine if I were to open up a Pho restaurant on Hillcrest or North Park, it'd mirror something like that.   
We ordered the egg rolls, pork spring rolls, banh mi, and some Pho.  My oxtail Pho was probably the best Pho I've had.  This is coming from a southern California gal who practically grew up with Pho. The broth was very light and flavorful.  The noodles cooked perfectly, and the oxtails were perfectly juicy.    The best part part?  The Pho was served on a plate with a side of bean sprouts and other herbs. 
The presentations were absolutely gorgeous for a Pho restaurant.  Service was friendly and attentive and I honestly don't have a single bad thing to say about Magasin.Excellent Vietnamese restaurant with a modern decor and style. We only had pho but I did see other dishes that were ordered by others and they all looked good!The filet mignon Pho is amazing! My favorite Vietnamese in Uptown New Orleans!People have been telling me to go to Magasin since it opened and I'm happy to say that I finally made it on Lundi Gras day this year. The small space was packed and we had to wait to be seated at the bar by the window, but it was worth the 15 minute wait. I had been suffering from a terrible cold and their pho was exactly what I needed. It may not be the most "authentic" Vietnamese food, but oh so good! This was by far the most pho I have ever eaten in one sitting. I had the rare steak and it was delicious. Service was attentive and very fast with any requests we had.  I will be back to try other options, my friend had the eggplant bun which looked amazing as well.We used to go here frequently and my gf love their chicken curry that was priced less than $10. Called an order for it over the phone and was told the menu has been updated since their renovation. They replaced it with the braised oxtail which I was hesitant to try. What we got was a $20 + .50 take out upcharge messs that was still gelatinous when heated up. The French bread included was stale and dried up. It looked like it was prepped for a Banh mi and forgotten. We will not be coming back here again.Have eaten there several times with the family (wife and two four year olds). We like it because the food is really good and consistently so. The service is fast and the place is clean. Prices are very reasonable. One of our kids is a picky eater, but likes the chicken with vermicelli - so nice not to plead with him to eat! Seating is limited, but as others point out, the turnover is pretty fast.This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant and has been for years. They recently did a facelift to the interior and it looks pretty awesome. This is a family ran establishment and they put their heart and soul in their craft. I read a few reviews from the other yelpers which are absurd and inaccurate. First of all, yes prices went up. Ok, that's not a deal breaker for me especially when the food is amazing. The service is always always friendly and excellent. My new favorite things on the menu are oxtail curry which I dream about and their new pork and wood ear mushroom spring rolls which I crave on the daily. This place did not get taken over by a design company, like a previous review stated. It is simply the best.We've always loved Magasin but recently, they have really been lacking.  Now when we walk in, we don't get acknowledged and the staff seem like they could care less about being there or caring at all.  
The food literally gets thrown down on the table.  Granted, the food is still good, but the atmosphere is really not good.  I miss the smiling and caring staff they used to have.Eat here regularly and generally have a pho soup of some sort.  Crab rangoon appetizer is also very good as appetizer.  Never disappointment.  We walk there from our house, otherwise the parking would be a drag.after many attempts to like this place, finally have to give up. food is boring and bland and tonight was the final straw: worst service and attitude imaginable. waiter was unable to grasp the concept of food allergy and *twice* brought out a dish that was messed up. finally he said the kitchen simply refused to cook anything my friend wanted and would only serve plain white rice. i know this sounds crazy like i must be making it up but it's absolutely true. there are plenty of good Vietnamese options within blocks of this joint, drive on by.I went here 3 times in two weeks. LOVE their lemongrass Bánh mì sandwiches!!!! YUM3 strikes and you're out! I've been here before. The pass two visits were bad so I decided give it another try. I usually come back to a restaurant a few times before I give it a review or rating. My third time coming here, it was closed. All 3 times I've been here this month they were closed. What kind of establishment does that?! I wouldn't recommend coming because most likely they'll be closed!This place is pretty good but I can't understand why it's always packed out when Pho Cam Ly is just down the street.I may not understand all these hipsters with their edison lightbulbs and chic concrete counter tops, but I can appreciate good food when I eat it.  At Magasin, it's hard not to: it's like slapping your palate across the tastebuds with a savory shamwow.  While that may not make sense now, it will once you eat here.  The food is vietamerican (NOT fusion...thank goodness) - or at least I'm calling it that.  It may not be super authentic vietnamese, but in catering to my fatty inner american they have created something truly amazing.  Throw in the fact that everything is very affordable (we're talking ~$10 or less/person) and the deal has been sealed. 
Come early though because it always seems to be hopping with people.  Based on the reviews from people who went earlier in the week, it seems like they are getting their act together pretty quick.  We had a bit of a wait (~15 min) but the owner brought us some blue cheese crab rangoons and quelled any anxieties we might have built up.  I can't wait for their breakfast/po-boy place to open up in the back.  Based on the chicken lemongrass banh mi I ordered, I'm suspect it will be a mind-blowing experience.
Protip: If you stop on by, bring a bottle of wine - there's no corking fee!Where to even begin?.. THIS PLACE IS AHMAZINGGGGG!!!! Best Pho uptown. everything on the Menu is delicous. I love Pho Oxtail and I'm always there 2-3 times a week.
I love the fact that they are FitNola friednly so when I need a light meal they have it. Baked chicken and Salmon are delicious. 
The prices are great compare to toher Vietnamese places uptown.
The staff is  very sweet and friendly. I LOVE THIS PLACE.Magasin has not even been open a month yet and it has 17 reviews (now 18) with a four star rating. That's saying something!
Normally I'd wait to bang out a review so quickly, BUT... when food is *this* good, you just want to tell the world. Pardon me as I rejoice, because now I can get a daily dose of vegetarian Vietnamese spring rolls! Well, except for Mondays. All vegetarians can rejoice in the fact that there are about two options in every category from appetizers to pho to bun to banh mi! Vegan, at that. Pinch me, I mean it. The food is incredible here (to be fair, I've yet to have bad Vietnamese food in this city). I loved my garlic tofu bun (vermicelli salad) and avocado spring roll. In fact, I'm already planning my second visit within 3 days.
Due to the immediate popularity of the place, you will find a line at prime times. And honestly, the staff seemed really overwhelmed the other night. A couple of them pointedly ignored people waiting for service, but that was rectified by who I believe to be the owner going around making sure everyone was taken care of. There are really nice people involved in this restaurant and I do feel that in time, things will calm down and their operation will be in order.
So, some personal taste things. I, for one, do not like the whole 'ordering at the counter and then find a seat to get served' trend. Half service, as I like to call it. What this means is that I'll be more inclined to take out of here than anything else (and I'd so give them a fifth star if they added blessed delivery). One thing to note: you need to ask for condiments like hot sauce and soy sauce, as there isn't a condiment bar and they won't automatically put these in. If you're like me, this is important. 
It's sleek and modern decor will appeal to those looking for a dining experiences with a bit more ambiance than the likes of Pho Tau Bay, however I prefer the latter because there is charm in a more lived-in and loved type of space. Magasin is a bit too bright for me. We all look so much *kinder* in dimmer lights, don't we?Was here again! Hd the pho this time and the bunh! Okay this is a winner!! Best vietnamese restaurant so far!! We like more vege and broth and lesser noodles and thats exactly what we had !!I waited to come here, mainly because every time I drove by, there was a huge line-up outside. This made me believe that this place must be amazing. 
I like the interior decor, the seating inside and outside, which then really explained to me why there was a line up.
I can't say that I was thrilled with my food. I can say that the portions they gave were just right. My friend got the lemongrass chicken bun and I got the stir fried pork noodles, one of their specialties. We also shared a steamed pork bun.
I was expecting my noodles to be full of flavor, but instead, what I got was starchy tasting ramen noodles that were clearly not stir fried with the pork as it did not embody the flavor. The bbq pork was seasoned with the typical roast bbq pork sauce that you get in chinese restaurants, it wasn't the bbq vietnamese pork I was expecting. The rest of the dish was very spicy, and to compensate for the starchy noodles that were stuck together, I had to put in a bit of hoisin sauce, something I never usually do - I reserve hoisin for cooking. I enjoyed the onion and cilantro soup that came with my dish.  My friend noted that she liked her lemongrass chicken, it tasted very good, but commented that the bun and veggies could have done with a little bit more seasoning, or the sauce was a bit too sweet. She felt that if the veggies were cut slightly different, it would have been easier to mix her food together as well. She felt that the dish as a whole was lacking something, it might have been the added taste of the vegetables (cucumbers were bit tasteless), as you usually get from other vietnamese places. The steamed pork bun I would have to say I enjoyed, however a bit soggy, I expected it to be a bit fluffier, I love steamed pork buns in general.
Oh well, I may have been disappointed because I was expecting more. I do like the food at Magasin (give them extra points for presentation), but I think I'm going to stick with my Viet food on the West Bank.I'm so glad this place opened! I live a few blocks away and have been waiting for this place to open for months due to the lack of Vietnamese restaurants nearby that aren't across the river or in Metairie.
We decided to go to dinner last night, and although they were out of milk tea, we ordered a grilled shrimp spring roll, which was very fresh and flavourful. It's about as much cost-wise as other vietnamese restaurants but the spring rolls come two to an order as opposed to four. I ordered the lemongrass chicken bun which was fresh and bright, but there were 3 rather massive, awkward slices of cucumber that were too big to incorporate into the dish without using my hands to break it up into smaller pieces. The "lemongrass chicken" was mild in flavour; i didnt even really detect ANY lemongrass flavour attributed to it, and it was also large pieces that had to be broken apart, and unfortunately there was a lot of cartilage...on chicken. Which should never happen. But all that aside, it was delicious. My fiancé ordered the filet mignon pho, which was beautiful and well presented. The filet was a nice addition to the pho as it was very tender. The difference between it and other pho I've had is that it has a very prominent note of star anise. It was the first and main flavour I tasted in it. In this respect, I prefer other pho just because the others I've had had more contributing flavours that were balanced better. 
The interior design was spot on. Really clean, minimalistic design, which is not the norm for a vietnamese restaurant. I love the big windows and the al fresco dining. Well designed, contemporary, definitely a good addition to our neighborhood, the food was good, my fiancé and I would definitely return, but also don't mind driving to the west bank. I'm very glad it's open, and I wish them total success. Totally worth going! :DThis is one of my absolute favorite lunch spots in my neighborhood!  The vibe of the place is very modern and clean, but well worn enough to be comfortable and inviting.  The waitstaff are always courteous and though they're usually slammed (and I'll admit, I have a few unusual requests when it comes to my meal), they are never brusque.  The food is awesome!  I always get rare steak pho, no meat extra noodles with no cilantro, and pork dumplings.  If I'm feeling especially hungry I'll get a pork banh mi as well. I don't know what they do to that banh mi to make it so freaking good, but I actually prefer it to the ones I've gotten from the east (blasphemy, I know!). Everything is delicious and consistent every time.  I also love that if I'm alone I can grab a seat at the counter along the window and people watch or read a book without having to take up an entire table.  The prices are also extremely reasonable, my husband and I can go and stuff ourselves with multiple dishes and still get out of there under $30.  We always try to throw the server a few extra dollars because of that.  They're hustling hard, and 20% of $30 or less isn't much!
I think it's important to know what you're getting into when you go to Magasin though.  I've had a few friends complain that the food doesn't come out at the same time, the wait is long etc.  That's just the way it is!  If you go to a noodle place in vietnam (or japan, or china or where ever) things are fast paced.  You get your food as it's ready, they don't course it out for you.  People tend to eat quickly and leave, not linger over their food, so chances are if you're waiting you'll get a table quickly.  That's how this place works as well.  I recommend going with a friend and splitting a few dishes, that way you won't sit there all butt hurt if "their" appetizer comes out first.  And if you have to wait so what?  You'll get a table soon enough!A brand new addition to Magazine Street, Magasin Vietnamese Cafe is a sleek modern take on a Pho shop, with ultramodern interiors, ultra-low prices, friendly service and really dynamite food. The cafe has recently gone "full service," as opposed to the order-at-the-counter place that it was when it first opened. Sometimes the service can be a little spotty, and the wait times a little lengthy, but they are still figuring things out. The Pho is heavenly: rich, flavorful, salty/sour/umami broth with rice noodles and whatever else. I recommend the rare flank steak ($7.50), with thin slices of tender beef. The Pho comes to your table in the traditional way: a big bowl with a tray of garnishes: bean sprouts, fresh jalapeno slices, fresh basil, fresh cilantro and a lime wedge. I like to load mine up with all the garnishes (and some sriracha), pick out all the goodies with chopsticks, and then eat the broth with a soup spoon. A very satisfying meal all by itself.
I've also tried the fresh spring rolls with grilled shrimp cake ($4.50), which is a slight twist on a Vietnamese classic: cold rice noodles, carrots, cilantro, basil and warm, crispy shrimp cake rolled inside a rice paper wrapper, with a hoisin-peanut dipping sauce on the side. Absolutely delicious.
On more than one occasion, I've gotten a bahn mi (i.e. Vietnamese po-boy) to go, and oh man was I happy. I'm calling it right now: Magasin has THE BEST BAHN MI IN NEW ORLEANS. No one else really comes close, actually. Let me know if you think you've found a better one. The BBQ pork is my favorite: tender slices of pork barbecued with some kind of hoisin-inspired sauce, matchstick carrots, green peppers, cilantro and some kind of butter or mayo, all on a warm, crispy torpedo of crusty french bread. It is perfection in a sandwich.
Magasin is my new favorite neighborhood restaurant: nice atmosphere, really low prices, and really great versions of Vietnamese classics!Very nice atmosphere, super-friendly staff, and great food... what more could you ask for? The sandwiches are the best, and less than $5 each. They're made on REAL French baguettes, not the lighter than air styrofoam Bunny bread crap that everyone else in town seems to favor. It's kid-friendly, and there are tables on the sidewalk in front of the store. A very welcome addition to the neighborhood! We'll be back often.I was looking forward to trying their oxtail soup, which they unfortunately we're out of that day. ouch! BURN!!!! I mean hey though, if a place is out of something, must mean it's good right?
But I ordered a meatball pho instead and was still thoroughly pleased with the noodles and broth. 
Not to mention we also ordered the crab Rangoon which was equally delicious.Love this little place. Clean restaurant, tasty food. The staff leaves a little to be desired but on the other hand they don't constantly bug you and bring out things quickly. This is a great great lunch location.The ONLY reason it doesn't get 5 stars from me is because of the hours of operation. I really wished they opened earlier for dinner. Those of us with kids can't really wait until 6 to go to dinner. 
But other than that, Magasin is consistently fresh and yummy! My favorites include the lemongrass beef with rice and the vietnamese crepe.Delicious, BIG lemongrass chicken sandwich for under $5. That's pretty excellent. My one complaint: I chose the place because the Yelp page says they have wifi and they do not.Went there for lunch today and ordered the rice plate with grilled shrimp. Took it to go. The food was good, not great, but O.M.G., the portions are TINY. Did I just pay almost ten dollars for FOUR shrimp and a fried egg? Yes, I believe I did. The rest was a tiny side salad and a small portion of rice. Cleaned my plate, and I was still hungry. I would give it another try for the pho, but in the other reviews people were saying the vegetarian pho isn't actually vegetarian. That ain't cool! Skip this place--it's a rip off. Try Le VIet on St. Charles instead.I went to Magasin with my family over the break. There were four of us in my group and I would estimate we waited about 15 minutes for a table. We could have been seated sooner if we'd wanted to sit at the bar stools. I thought the seafood pancake was by far the best dish I tasted. It had a great, fluffy texture with very tasty filling. The shrimp fried rice was tasty, though the shrimp on top was quite over-cooked. The only thing I would not really order again is the lemongrass chicken, mostly because it didn't have any taste of lemongrass! All in all, the restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly, food is tasty, and the prices are moderate. I think all four of us ate lunch for about $45 (including tip).Soooo good. Great, fast service too. Pork noodle special is insane. Potstickers will change your life (don't skimp on the sauce that comes with them).I had an eggplant noodle dish and it was extremely lacking in flavor. The spring rolls and peanut sauce were delicious but my main course meal was a bland disappointment! I thought the ambiance was great so I would give this place another try but only in the hopes of redemption.I wanted to see what all the hype was about here.  I had the pho and it tastes like it came out of a powdery pack that makes pho.  Geez,  whoever says this place is good is mistaken.  The service was ok and the seats were so uncomfortable.  I give them a one store cause the way they present the food is pretty but thats it.  I wanted authentic pho but this wasnt it.My favorite Vietnamese spot in NOLA.  Modern ambience, and on nice days you can sit outside.  BYOB is awesome, meaning you can come here and enjoy a bottle of wine you brought from home.  Food is delicious!  Grilled pork spring rolls are classic, and the broth on the chicken pho is heavenly.   Very reasonable pricing as well.My husband and I were really excited to try a new pho place but it fell flat. Our waiter tried but the pho was unimpressive and the man working at the cash register was a serious "drama king".  I don't want hear the issues that employees are having with each other, save that for the back of the house.  Coupled with the tough chewy meat in the beef pho I won't be going back.So good! I love Vietnamese food and Magasin is by far my favorite spot. Spring rolls are so delicious! I typically get the pho (chicken) and it's super good. The rice dish (com) is also really good with their grilled pork. Not very expensive and a really casual place!Favorite Vietnamese place on the East Bank- my only complaint? They're not open on Sundays! Great atmosphere and it's always busy, but worth the wait. BYOA last time I checked. But if you're not drinking, get some lemonade- its delish!
They've really got the pho down here, you can't go wrong with rare steak and I even like the ox tail! I also love the steamed pork bun- that sweet green dough with just the right pork fillings and hard boiled egg. I can't decide if they make them on site or if they are from Duong Phong in New Orleans East- either way they are delicious. 
I also like most of the bun dishes here, but I find it too hard to skip out on the pho. In the rare case that i do, I usually go for the fresh shrimp spring rolls and any of the delicious (and cheap!) bahn mi.So good! That's a start and great prices. I had the filet mignon pho which was superb. Grilled pork spring rolls with yummy peanut sauce were also excellent. My friend had chicken fried rice and enjoyed it. Casual with nice staff. Recommended by my manicurist in Florida and I was in the area so I gave it a try. I'll be back next time I'm in NOLA.Background: I just moved to New Orleans from Houston a couple of weeks ago, and I have been on a PHO QUEST because I had such great go-to pho places in H-town and I've heard the Asian selection in general in NOLA is slim pickins.
The place is super stylish which made me a bit wary, since I usually like my pho from dives at the back of shady strip centers. I came for lunch on a Wednesday.  I walked up to the counter to order since it looked like The Thing To Do, but the woman at the counter said if I was eating in I'd need to wait for someone to seat me.  So I stood around awkwardly for a few minutes, being ignored because they were busy and there's no host stand (hence the 4 stars, not 5).  Finally I was seated and from then on, my every need was met.
The pho is legit, y'all.  I ordered the Pho Ga (or "Pho Chicken" as it says on the menu) and asked if they'd add some tofu to it, because if you haven't dunked broth-soaked tofu chunks into sriracha you haven't truly lived, friend.
The bowl comes out, and it's slightly smaller than the humongous bowls I'm used to, but it's in the ballpark.  All the standard fixins are there; bean sprouts, lime, jalapeno, cilantro, basil. Looking good. Hoisin & sriracha are already on the table with chopsticks, napkins, silverware, soup spoon, etc.  The broth is pretty darn good, not super greasy like other places I've tried here, and not too salty.  The chicken & tofu were pretty and high quality. The wait staff were around frequently to make sure my water glass was full, asking if I needed anything, etc.
This place will give me my pho fix without having to go to the West Bank. Very yummy with friendly wait staff.  Solid place, will definitely be back.My favorite Vietnamese rest. in Nola. Authentic food and family run. Atmosphere is nice with a touch of modern decor. Clean and fresh. 
I had the Banh Xeo aka Vietnamese crepe or "Vietnamese pizza"  flour batter pan fried to a crisp and stuffed with fresh bean sprouts, grilled pork, caramelized onions, fried shrimp, and fresh lettuce.
How you eat it: traditionally you cut a piece of the Banh Xeo and place in a lettuce, wrap it, dip it with sauce and enjoy. 
My wife had, summer rolls, pork Sandwich with fried egg. "Banh mi" super good.
Order the Vietnamese ice coffee to wash it down.
This is our second time: the food was still the same and the staff were friendly and accommodating.The vermicelli with chicken arrived with dry slices of chicken. When the server inquired whether my lunch was good, I told her about the disappointing chicken, and she said she would get the kitchen to cook new chicken. It arrived a few minutes later, dry as the first. The salad greens and herbs and the noodles were fine. Apparently I'm spoiled from eating more authentic versions of Vietnamese food on the West Bank where the bun comes with delicious moist lemongrass chicken.  I believe I read that this restaurant closed for remodeling and has recently reopened -- does it now have different owners? I have had good food at Magasin in the Warehouse District, and hope that one has not changed as well.Not authentic at all. I ordered my usual drink which was cafe sua da and their Vietnamese crepe. Coming from Vietnam myself, I am not very impressed with the Vietnamese food they sell here. It wasn't the original Vietnamese style. My cafe sua da was already made by the waitress, and it was super sweet! Literally super sweet! I felt as if I can get instant diabetes when taking my first sip! I always like my coffee the original Vietnamese style, which was a french drip self-serve style. In that way, I can avoid making my coffee super duper sweet by just simple make it my own style. Sorry, people just like their coffee different ways I guess. The Vietnamese crepe I ordered was..... self-created Vietnamese crepe. They add grilled pork inside and a whole bunch of other stuff. It looks amazing though, but the flavor was way off. The original Vietnamese crepe only has bean sprouts, scallions, and shrimp inside, and it tasted a million times better. There's a saying, "Less is more." So adding grilled pork and other stuff to make it looks fancy is not helping the flavor at all. On the bright side, their pho is actually pretty tasty! But a large bowl of pho comes with only a few tiny pieces of meat is a red flag in my opinion. $7-$8 for a bowl of pho is super cheap, but it is not cheap at all when it only comes with a few TINY pieces of meat and mostly the BROTH. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place anyone. Just to avoid and saving people from experiencing the same mistake I did, and that was wasting my time and money here.This Vietnamese cafe is a breath of fresh air from all of the fried oyster poboys, shrimp jambalaya and bourbon pecan pie floating around New Orleans! We ordered the fresh summer rolls and spring rolls to split as appetizers--the fresh rolls were so good we ordered a second round on the spot! I got the garlic fried tofu with brown rice vermicelli, my dad got the Vietnamese crepe and my mom ordered beef pho. Absolutely delicious! There was a delay on the crepe (some mix up with batter or something?) and the chef came out to personally apologize, and the waiters and waitresses kept telling us don't worry it's coming! Can't get mad about a delayed entree when the staff is so friendly! Four stars only because there is limited seating in the restaurant. Bar seating is first come so we sat there which wasn't a huge problem but we would've preferred a table. Will definitely be back again soon!!How was the Pho? Meh, it was ok. 
The lemonade is awesome though. It's quite a nice place in a very nice location. Staff is friendly, but you better not try to sit around and talk after you're done eating! My food was ok. I really didn't find anything too, extravagant or outstanding about it. Overall I've had better Vietnamese food, so I probably will return if I don't want to drive somewhere else.Went there for the first time tonight for dinner. I had the shrimp balls and the seafood soup. The shrimp balls were tasty but incredibly greasy. The soup was good albeit light and not very much seafood in it. The service was great and I liked the layout and look. They can't hold a candle to Vietnamese restaurants on the west bank or the east but for uptown it's not bad. I'll try it again.Obsessed. Great selection (including a wide variety of spring rolls and healthier dishes). The staff is always patient with our toddler and even brought her a special bowl of noodles and chicken on the house during a recent visit.Love this place! Bahn-mi is awesome, and the Pho is consistently delicious. Highly recommended.Nice modern looking place.  It's like everything you want in Vietnamese food in one place.  I've seen people post things here and it looks very appetizing.
Our waiter was very attentive and patient with taking our order so the customer service was great.  I only got to try one order with meat because the person I was with couldn't have meat on Friday.  
For starters:
--Crab Ragoon - (4/5) Very crispy and it was good, just like any other crab ragoons out there.  One of our crab ragoons had a hole in it so there was nothing in there but the rest was good.  It may be airy inside with the first bite but if you break it in half to eat it then it'll all even out. 
--Fried Garlic Tofu Spring Rolls - (2/5) There was one tofu on each side of the spring roll, after one bite the rest was just noodle and lettuce.  I didn't taste the garlic or the fried-ness to it.  I wish I got the meat spring roll because that sauce that came with it was bomb.
--Pho Oxtail - (4/5) The oxtail was very tender and delicious, I loved it!  The pho broth probably needs a bit of a tweak to it, not sure what it was but it still had flavor.
--Seafood Noodle Soup - (1/5) It was very bland and the seafood wasn't fresh and most of the seafood was imitated.  I could pass on this.
Other than the difference I had of the food everything else went well.  I will be back again to try out other meaty foods and have an update next time!I have to start by saying that on previous visits I have not been disappointed by Magasin. However, this evening proved to be not only unsanitary, but unsatisfactory and full of error. I placed a pickup order of chicken pho and once I got home, found my lackluster bowl of hardened, sticky noodles and three pieces of chicken. No onions, cilantro, sauce or onions. No biggie, I thought and went back to pick up what was missing. I arrived home once again, to my now cold pho liquid and started to place the noodles in my bowl. A black hair stared me in the face. I picked up out and unwrapped my once forgotten bag of additions. I served myself the clean noodles, annoyed but starving and went to add the bag's contents only to find my sprouts wound around a rather long hair: so far not one but two in two separate items picked up at two separate times. I called the restaurant to let them know and am certain that they screened my call.  I am not only upset, but hungry and disgusted. I would love a full refund but as I said, no one would even answer the phone. I am in the service industry and have been for years and never have experienced this. I will never eat here again.This is not a negative review by any means.  I will be back and I will edit this review when everything fits together.  
In the meantime, there are some opening struggles.
Pros:
Prices are great
Lemongrass chicken is very good
Bahn mi worked great!
Location/Design are excellent
To be determined:
Service needs help, just kind of strange...Trying so hard, but making it kind of uncomfortable.  Once they calm down, I am positive this will not be an ongoing problem
Cons:
As mentioned before, pork bun was truly awful.  I am not comparing this pork bun to some far off Little Saigon or Chinatown...but, dang, it was pretty rough.  Did have a hard boiled egg in it which was cool...
Just being tough on my new neighborhood spot because the potential is so great!This is one of our favorite Vietnamese spots in the city. The food is always fresh, and the prices are really good. Most items are well under $10. 
Parking can be a little tricky, as with most places on Magazine without a parking lot.I never had Vietnamese food before but now I am hooked. We sat outside and our waiter was Kevin and he was excellent. We had the Crab Rangoon, Veggie Spring Rolls and the Chopped Filet Mignon...all were very tasty and simply amazing. The interior dining room is cozy yet modern with a full view of the busy but quietly efficient kitchen. There's also outside dining on the sidewalk and on a patio in the back. You can bring your own wine which is a huge plus. I say get there now before the  lines get too long.I don't really understand why everyone loves this place. I'm guessing cause it's full of yuppies and "cool" crate and barrel decor making it seem like a trendy and safe bet for uptowners. I'm not sure how to put this nicely but the food was blah. I got the rare beef pho which had four slices of thick rubbery beef. I'm used to a very thinly sliced mountain of beef that cooks as you eat it. I also asked for veggies which were definitely a frozen mix they microwaved. Also got the pork bun which was green and also microwaved to such a high temp that it scalded my mouth and hardened. Weird. Overall wasn't impressed. Pho is supposed to be rich with flavor that deepens, instead it tasted like too much salt and beef stock. I'm going it two stars because the staff is ridiculously nice!Can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. This is the only Vietnamese place I go to on this side of the Mississippi.
I have only had the Bun with Grilled Pork because it's so good and I keep ordering it every time I go back. My friends who have accompanied me have ordered other things and I've had bites of their dishes and everything I've tried was delicious.
Maybe one day I'll go back and try something new. :PFood was great as was the service. Had the steamed bun and spring rolls for appetizer and brisket and chicken Pho. Everything was very fresh and tasty. Will most certainly be back!Inexpensive and delicious! For a recent grad on a budget, looking for some healthy food in this great city (which can be difficult to find), this place will probably become my go-to spot. Heard about it for a while but took 2 months to finally go-should have come earlier! Fresh food, great prices, and different options. Can BYOB as well!One of my go-to places for food in NOLA! Let me start with the fact I'm usually a (not on purpose) picky eater. I'd never eaten Vietnamese food before my sweet boyfriend took me to try Magasin. I LOVE you it, and the staff too. They are amazingly nice and helpful every time I visit. They occasionally are a little slow when you done in between trips to check on your table, but, this is a small price to pay for the delicious food and friendly service! Our waitress Ashley helps us whenever we dine in and she is working. She has tried to learn our names, and always remembers our favorite orders. They are quick and efficient when I order take out too-they have only messed my order up one time, giving me eggplant versus egg roll vermicelli. I forgive them because it sounded loud in the restaurant, I have a quiet voice, and it was still delicious . THIS spot is a great place for those wishing to eat a healthy, satisfying meal. I have noticed my Pure Barre NOLA owner frequenting the joint, and was able to eat here during Beachbody's 21 Day Fix with only moderate portion size alteration. The rice is always perfect, they have a Fit NOLA section healthy substitutes for under certain calorie marks. I always get the avocado spring rolls with peanut sauce (mouthwatering) and brown rice noodles/paper, and egg roll vermicelli with brown rice noodles. I don't even like coffee and love their cafe su da-it is basically half condensed milk, half strong coffee, iced. Don't get that if you're limiting your sugar, haha. Only critique is I WISH there were more parking. But, this may be a problem that just has to be lived with near Magazine Street. We sometimes get the pho, and it is amazing too. Especially on cold or rainy days...ahh. I have also gotten their hit green tea and it is never over brewed. Their crab Rangoon (which I almost always mistakenly say as crab raccoon) is wonderful! I love my Magasin crew! They are always do kind. Will forever return! :)I am delighted to find that Magasin is a truly delicious Vietnamese restaurant that is neither on the West Bank nor unjustly expensive. The hubs and I went for dinner at about 6:30 in the evening when they were very busy; however, whatever kinks in the service I read about on yelp must have been worked out because everything went off without a hitch.
Two important points that everyone should know before dining at Magasin:
1. It's BYOB. They welcome you to bring your own adult beverage but do not sell alcohol on the premises. There is another establishment that sells booze across the street but they close early so this would only be helpful for a 'wet' lunch. Unsure if there's a corkage fee.
2. If you decide to have one of their delicious non-alcoholic flavored teas, you will be charged for a refill. Should have known or known to ask but now I do and I'll be ordering 1 cucumber honeydew ice tea and lots of water after. Lesson learned!
We started off with the egg rolls with lettuce wraps and grilled shrimp spring rolls.
Both were great with a couple of minor critiques. The shrimp in the Goi Con were amazing so much so that I wish there had been just a few more. The peanut sauce wasn't the best I've ever had but it was certainly tasty (even more so with a bit of sriracha). Egg rolls also were divine but skinny. Give me a little more filling! I like an eggroll to be like a fine cigar :)
Entree side hubs ordered the Grilled Shrimp Bun and the Grilled Pork Banh Mi. The banh mi was something I could eat almost every day: great portion, great bread, and great spice. The Bun was perhaps one of the best vermicelli salad bowls I've ever had. We saved an eggroll from the appetizer and threw it in with the grilled shrimp... perfection! Lastly, I had the rare steak pho. Great portion size, good pho. All of this ran us $40 before tip.
Place is tres cute. Service was great. Food is very very good.Magasin is the best Vietnamese restaurant in the city.  I recommend it to my friends alot.  My boyfriend and I have been there at least a dozen times and have tried most everything on the menu.  All delicious.  Fast, nice service - outdoor seating, good ambiance.  
Call and check hours for sure - they close and re-open most days.  They have take out too which is nice because they are always busy seating is limited.  Worth goin to over and over - and there are so many restaurants in this city.Best Vietnamese in New Orleans. Authentic, clean, and friendly service. Interior is very modern and again clean. 
Had the pho combination (flank, brisket, and meatballs), grilled pork sandwich (w fried egg), and Chinese sausage + egg spring rolls. Everything was good and comparable to other Vietnamese restaurants in Houston that I'm used to. 
Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.Food continues to be outstanding but service has gone down our last two visits.  Tonight, it seemed as though we were a bother for walking in. I hope this is short lived. :/Fresh ingredients, well prepared and healthy menu choices.  Bright and airy atmosphere in a cafe setting, with a dining bar.  Attentive and knowledgeable staff.  Excellent choice for a light lunch in the uptown New Orleans area.The friendliest staff/servers. Food is always consistently good. Huge portions and reasonably priced. They also offer brown rice and noodle options. The atmosphere is super cute too. The only downfall is that they are closed in the middle of the day from 3:30-6pm.Very good vegan pho and the spring rolls were okay. Happy it is Uptown but I prefer Tan Dinh on the WB. Also, it is really bright in there. I would live the lights to be dimmer. All and all a solid 3Amazingly delicious and fast service. Tried the pork vermicelli and filet mignon special plate - both wonderful. Clean contemporary decor. Will come back again.Sorry, but I have to take back some stars.  The place still looks nice and appears to be popular, but unfortunately, the food was sooo bland.  I suspect this was the trade off for popularity, but how sad to sacrifice all the wonderful bold flavors that Vietnamese food has to offer.  Luckily, there are plenty of other options.I had the oxtail pho and spring rolls. The broth was ok (not much flavor). I expected much more from this place considering the reviews and stars but to be honest Jazmine Cafe has a much better pho.Tasty inexpensive Amercanized Vietnamese.
I do like the outdoor seating and that the BBQ pit out back is always going.  I do like the variety of dishes and there is something for everyone, vegetarian to meatarian.  Even my picky eater 8 year old niece liked the shrimp fried rice...which was fried rice with a handful of lovely grilled shrimp on top.
This place has been slammed since it opened and I get it. It is tasty and cheap.One of my favorite places to eat!  I eat at Magasin at least once a week and I've never been disappointed.  They know be by name I eat there so much.  I went to Lilly's last week after reading positive reviews and was very disappointed.  I will stick with Magasin - they are the BEST!ABSOLUTELY AMAZING, DELICIOUS, AND THE HAPPY WAIT STAFF SINGS! 
I was turned on to pho several years ago by a friend who describes it as "the worlds most perfect food", and today when I needed comfort food, I stopped into Magasin for some delicious pho at the suggestion of my nail tech, who is Vietnamese (thus, high praise!). The Pho Filet Mignon is very reasonable, $9.50, and comes with cilantro, basil, mint, lime, and bean sprouts on the side. I wanted more basil and they were only too happy to quickly bring it to me. "On tap" were several types of iced tea, and I chose the cucumber lemongrass. DIVINE! 
Everyone was very nice and friendly, to me and to each other, happily singing along with the radio a few times -- nicely, not obnoxious. 
I left full, happy, and singing, too. Highly recommend this to anyone who loves pho, or who wants to try it for the first time.This place gets five stars for being delicious, convenient and affordable.  I had lunch here with a friend and was shocked that the bill (for both of us) was under $12.  I didn't think that was possible in this town.  This is the perfect option when I can't get over to Pho Tau Bay on the West Bank.trendy (obviously), but our experience was very reminiscent of *bad* airport phoThis is a great place!  Oxtail pho is incredible (favorite new broth in town!).  Savory crepes are unlike anything you've ever had before. And OMG the almond shrimp!  There are so many items I want to try.   We will be back for sure with our kids, since there's nothing too spicy that we've found.  
The oxtail pho tastes major rich, and I didn't even eat the meat (because I find the texture of all meat maj vile).  The crepe defies description - you just have to try it.  Unlike a traditional crepe, it's crispy.  So it's pretty greasy, but the sauce and the fresh cilantro cuts the grease nicely.  
Service is fast and friendly.  We have tried almost every Vietnamese joint in New Orleans.  Magasin is not too traditional, but also not trendy.I must preface this review by saying I live around the corner, so that automatically sweetens the deal. BYOB, kind of tight dining room, but they have recently added patio space, and bought new tables and chairs (w umbrellas) for the sidewalk in front( a month ago we were put on the sidewalk at a wobbly cheap table, but they have stepped up the game). The food: pho, vermicelli, and other Vietnamese staples are solid and filling, at a good price. I would recommend trying something from their specialty menu, at the advice of a friend I got the shrimp fried rice, and was blown away by how well done this simple dish was. As many have said, it is not quite as good as the Westbank viet options, but it is MUCH closer to my house. DIG!First off, right now it's BYOB which I love. It's not pricey at all and the pho is right on, so is the bun. They are both the jam, so get you some. Seriously, the best vietnamese on the east bank that I've had (born and raised new orleans foodie).This is a regular haunt of ours and we always leave happy. Can't pretend to have tried a huge amount from the menu because I tend to stick to what has worked in the past. Usually, we'll go for the grilled pork mixed rice and the garlic fried tofu mixed rice as entrée's. The mixed rice dishes come with pickled carrot, a generous portion of white rice and dipping sauce on the side of your protein. The pork option is delicious, really flavorful and meaty while the tofu is dense, beautifully flavored and holds its texture nicely. Pour over the sauce and mix it all together. Delicious!
We also get the pork bun (think of a Chinese style baozi) and the potstickers. The bao is a standout for me, I'm often tempted to walk over at lunch to just order a couple of them. Potstickers are fine, but nothing special. For drinks, I really like the Vietnamese iced coffee, not too sweet but damn tasty! Alas, they don't serve alcohol though. The girl who is ALWAYS at the register is super nice to deal with too, really nice and friendly even when it's busy.
We have yet to try the pho or banh mhi here although looking around, we're the outliers for not doing so. Maybe next time.Fresh, Yummy, Perfect, Decently priced, Healthy!  One of our favorite places!Excellent food, excellent service and resonably priced.  I consistantly get the grilled pork and brown rice (com). It comes with an egg on top and a small salad!  Also, BYOB is great.  The menu says there is a corkage fee but I have never been charged for it.I went there for the first time last saturday and WOW! Both me and my two friends were extremely happy with our entrees: grilled pork come for me, shrimp bun and grilled pork for my friends. The sua da coffee was excellent as well. My friends also had a couple appetizers, I only tried some of the dumplings and they were good. The goi cuon looked fresh, but as it happens at many vietnamese places, the ration noodles-meat (or fish) was a little out of balance :(
I strongly recommend this place: delicious food, clean space and affordable prices!