I have been a loyal customer at Magasin Cafe for years, it's what made me fall in love with Vietnamese food. Since Magasin Cafe has closerd for renovations I came to Magasin Kitcheb to curb my weekly pho cravings. The food and service were good- even the chopped was seasoned better than the other location. However, paying more money for the same meal and the restaurants atmosphere deters the ranking. Quality food and service will continue to keep me a loyal customer.We were craving Vietnamese food after 2 days of southern food. We had a group of 17 peeps here from Cali. Heard great thing about this place from our friends. Came in at 11am and was seated right away. We ordered the egg rolls, spring rolls, and crab puffs as appertizers. Let me tell you if was awesome. We then order Pho Chicken and Pho Filet. Let me tell you the broth was right on point and the noodle and meat was awesome. The owner Mr Tran came out and talk to us to see how everything was. Excellent Staff Service also. We shall be back next time we come back into town.Great food at a great value!
My favorite items on the menu are the Pho, Pork Bun, Bahn Mi, and the pot stickers are delicious!The Bahn Mi comes on true French bread (I recommend the pork belly). As for Pho, I usually get the beef with extra bean sprouts. Pork Bun is my favorite menu item, it comes with vermicelli noodles, cucumber, carrots, and more. The best server there her name is Tim. Ask for her if you want to get the best service!Had lunch here twice while visiting New Orleans. Food was amazing both times. Had the filet mignon udon and honey glazed pork roll banh mi. Would definitely come back if visiting New Orleans again.Stopped in for a Bahn Mi poboy after WATS and it was great. The prices are a little more than you would pay elsewhere but the quality was there. A friend had the Vietnamese curry that was huge, cheap and outstanding. I cant wait to go back and try the curry again for myself. Alot of competition in the new food scene area on Girod and Okeefe.Great location for anyone who works in the business district and wants some Vietnamese for lunch. However, I ordered the pho here and really regretted it. The broth was horrible, all water and no flavor, and they really skimped out on the portion of meat. 
Being Vietnamese, I really should have known better and ordered something else, but I just couldn't resist as I heard so much good things about this place from my "American" friends. In short, for all my Vietnamese brothers and sisters out there, do not order the pho as it is nowhere near on the level or standards we're used too. If you come here, I recommend the bim bop, curry, or something on the vermicelli side. As for pricing, it's a place in downtown, so don't expect reasonable pricing we're used to.
However, for all my American friends out there.....this place is great :DGreat service and great! the food came out quickly and the staff was constantly checking on us. You get plenty of dumplings with the poppers appetizers. And the steak pho has so much food and they didn't skimp on the steak and noodles so it isn't just broth.I LOVED this place. The pho is solid! The spring rolls solid! The bun vermicelli solid! The food is so delicious. I wish I had a Vietnamese place half as good as this restaurant near me back home.  The base pho broth was delicious. Everything is fresh and delicious. Hmm. I might have said delicious way too much in this review. Lol!I rarely take the time to write a yelp review! This place deserves it! I am vegetarian and this vegan pho is the best I've ever had! I went with 2 other friends, we live in NY and haven't found comprable places! The staff is so friendly and even with a full restaurant on a Saturday our food came in less than 15 min. Everything is fresh. Spring rolls and peanut sauce on point! My friends had the steamed pork bun and pork vermicelli bowl and reported deliciousness. To ice the cake I was complimenting the owner Kim on the vegan pho and she is super personable. Heart and belly full! Highly recommend.I love a trendy place with delicious food. Pho was flavorful, didn't need to add any condiments. Banh mi was fresh, bread was perfect mix between crispy and soft. Tried salmon and lemongrass spring rolls, both good but loved the salmon ones. Peanut sauce was also spot on, most places screw this up badly. And service was so attentive and genuinely friendly! Prices are higher, but you're also paying for ambience, quit crying about the prices! Go eat at a crappy place, you get what you pay for, wah, wah, cheapos! Also, loved the presentation of the food. Everything was well thought out, well designed, if only this could be the future of Vietnamese food!Love this place!  We dined here on Saturday around 7:00pm. There were only 4 guest plus the two of us.  I understand they have a bustling lunch crowd, but it's great for evening dining too. Prices were very reasonable.staff very attentive, service was excellent. We shared the shrimp spring rolls. Ordered shredded pork Bahn Mi, it was outstanding.  Also ordered a beef curry noodle bowl that was delicious.Went last week! Very good just like the one uptown. Looks like they are getting a full bar license. A friend of the owner shared his "Vietnamese beef stew" which he said they eat at home and it was amazing. The dumplings were good too and the rare beef Phó good as alwaysI have been here a few times, due to its close proximity to where I live. The pho and spring rolls are pretty good, and the prices are ok. The service, however, leaves something to be desired. I have been told twice they were out of cilantro (I love cilantro and basically use pho as a vessel for it.) today I was told they were out by my waiter so I decided to pack everything up and go home, where the cilantro is plentiful. Then suddenly, someone found some cilantro. Dude just didn't want to miss whatever was playing in his phone long enough to ask. Also, they are right next to Rouses where bunches cilantro is about a dollar. I just don't get it.Just added Magasin to my rotation. I had their grilled pork with rice which came with a fried egg on top and a nice mix of greens, julienned carrots, cucumbers and cabbage. Their nuc cham (sp), the fish sauce with vinegar, is superb and goes great on the salad or the rice. Simple food done well at a price you cant beat.Fun find in the CBD - fresh and tasty. Enjoyed eggplant dish! Staff friendly. They had a brisk take-out business on a Friday nightMeh is right.  I've been here a few times because I work nearby and I've never been blown out of the water by it.  Their springs rolls are ok, a bit small and not cost comparable to other Vietnamese restaurants.  In fact, all of their entrees are smaller portions...not that this is necessarily a bad thing but I'm just used to take home portions with most of the Asian cuisine around town.  The prices are higher too.  I was charged $20 for an order of egg rolls and one of their specials.  That's crazy.
I've had the Lemongrass Chicken Bun and it comes with a wide assortment of veggies...more than just the cucumber and carrots you may expect.  That was nice but again, the portions are small and higher priced than their competitors.  The Mom's Country Fried Beef is good, too but sometimes there is too much pepper in the rice.  
I dine here because it is convenient for pick up orders (or if my boss is paying!) but if I have more time to spare I'll go to Viet Orleans down Baronne.I love their lemongrass chicken spring roll but expected more rice noodles for my beef pho.
I would like to suggest if only few guest, how about just let guest seated in big table. Busy to clean table for more space putting my dishes.Best Pho in the city and it's not close. Love their curry and vermicelli. Everything here is excellent. The lemongrass beef is awesome too.The Pork banh mi was mediocre at best. The French bread was harder than I'm used to eating from any Vietnamese restaurant. The flavors weren't there. The sandwich was bland compared to other Pork banh mis that I've tasted in the city. 
I also had the avocado and green bean rice. Basically it was white rice with black pepper. Placed On top of the rice were three slices of avocado and a handful of whole cooked green beans. There was also a fried egg. The egg was hard cooked instead of runny. It wasn't that tasty. All I could taste was black pepper. This was very disappointing.Excellent Vietnamese cuisine! They can get busy at times, but definitely worth the wait.Ordered veggie avocado spring rolls and chicken curry via Uber Eats. The listing for veggie spring rolls included a selection for peanut sauce at an additional cost. I chose this thinking the rolls weren't coming with any. I ended up with 2. I love peanut sauce so it certainly won't go to waste but the menu was misleading. The rolls themselves had brown lettuce and barely any avocado, especially for calling out the avocado in the name of the dish.
The curry came with bread but not rice. This was not mentioned and there was no selection to add rice which I would have if I thought it wasn't coming with any (see peanut sauce above). It is spicy but not particularly flavorful.
I will not be eating here again.I found a bug in my food and water I pointed it out to the waiters and they told me sometimes that just happens they can't control their bug problem. Stay far away from this place. They then had the nerve to give us the full bill with no compensation for us finding the bug. I will not be visiting again!Absolutely love love love this place. 
First. It's Clean. You can see the kitchen, how everything is prepared
Service: Very nice staff, fast.
Food was delicious photos attached, highly recommend this place.We had the potstickers, avocado fried rice, and chicken curry. The portions are a nice size for the value but as a whole the food was not anything special. The atmosphere was nice and server attentive. My favorite part was taking a canned wine to go!!!Super friendly staff and great service!  I love the spring rolls.  The pho is good and the portion size is satisfying!  My vietnamese go-to!Who said you have to eat gumbo and oysters in New Orleans??? What a great little find. Authentic Vietnamese food served hot and delicious! Started out with the grilled pork spring rolls which were fresh fresh fresh. Also had an order of the pot stickers which were delicious. End of the meal with the stirfry pork noodles with egg, salad and soup. stop in today and eat at this wonderful little restaurant!Went here for a late lunch. The crab rangoon is great and the only problem is figuring out how to split 5 of them between 2 people! I got the bimbop, which was more than enough food. My gf got the shrimp vermicelli, and I'd probably get that next time instead (don't tell her that).Pho is inexplicably flavorless. Vermicelli and rice plates are better. Banh mi are excellent.Our 1st dining experience here, it was the season opener LSU vs BYU game. Upon entering, we were not greeted and waited. Clearly one employee was talking to the table closest to the door, but still did not acknowledge us or say to have a seat anywhere we wanted. After sitting, we waited to be greeted again. This time, same server passed and saw us and kept walking. I gave it another few minutes and almost placed our order at the to-go counter, but we were then taken care of by the 2nd server. The food was good. I would return to give it another try ONLY because it was game day....but don't count on the service folks!Super fresh and clean Vietnamese food. Service was great and interior was modern and clean. Would definitely visit here again.I had the Pho with Brisket.  As good a bowl of Pho as I have had, not greasy, not salty... spot on! I didn't taste the banh mi but my colleague raved about it. The bread looks spectacular. Great food in an upscale setting at not upscale prices. What's not to love?! Well now that I ask...  the service wasn't bad but it was a little indifferent.Went to Magasin in the CBD tonight and while the food never disappoints, the service is horrible and the attitude of one of the employees tonight prompted me to write this. It was 915 pm and a couple walked in to be seated. The sign on their door clearly indicated that they closed at 10 pm on Saturdays. (Even their hours on Yelp indicate that).
A male employee with a bad Justin Bieber hairdo walked up to them and told them they were closed. The couple looked surprised but were very mild mannered and polite. The woman even pointed out, almost apologetically, that the sign on the door said that they were open until 10. The employee rudely insisted they could not be served and that the restaurant was closed. As the couple turned to leave, he rolled his eyes and flipped his Bieber 'do ever so arrogantly. He then walked to our table and without a word handed us the bill and soon came to pick it up without saying anything-- not even a simple thank you. It was like he couldn't wait to get everyone out of there. He is a horrible representative of the business. I took his picture and plan on contacting the owner to let them know what kind of jerk they have working for them.I tried the location on Magazine in about 2013 and wasn't impressed. Decided to take another stab but this time at this one. Turned out much better than the first time. Would definitely recommend it.I came here for dinner by myself on a Thursday and it wasn't too crowded. It's more on the casual side. I had the tofu bowl (under the ball section on the menu). It had tofu that was very well cooked (not always the case as tofu is hard to cook!) The rice noodles were great and the vegetables (carrots, cucumber, lettuce) were fresh and crisp. The service was fast and the prices were very reasonable. I would love to return!We eat Vietnamese ALL the time in NYC so it was a pleasant surprise to run into this restaurant. We usually have tendons and tripe in our pho but this establishment does not have that. My husband and I ordered the Pho Combo. The bowl was pretty large and enough to keep you full without ordering sides or appetizers.Would have loved to try it! We walked in at 8:15, they close at 9. We were waiting on friends and were confused about the locations, so asked an employee about it, who told us there were multiple locations, and added 'you better decide soon because we close at 9.' That could have been 5 paying customers who ordered Pho. Shrug.Nothing special here. Don't order the crab soup. There is very little crab...and zero white asparagus, they substituted it with canned baby corn. If you are looking for contemporary Vietnamese, MOPHO is way better. The only thing Magasin has going for it is just cute wallpaper on a trendy street.Wow, this was so good.  I really didn't know what to order, so I looked up some pictures on yelp and asked him to bring me this -- which turned out to be the stir fried pork noodles.  Also got the shrimp spring rolls.  Both were excellent -- and the soup that came with it was so flavorful!Love this place! There is always a line to get in during the week at lunch time. I always get the pork noodle. It's the best dish here if you like noodles and BBQ pork.Most of the food I've had here is pretty good, sometimes dishes are a bit bland, but overall a pretty good vietnamese spot.I ate here over this past weekend. First impression: very trendy and decor is on point. Loved the aesthetic. You can see into the kitchen as they make your food. There is also a bar if you want to grab a quick bite alone. 
The food: I got the filet mignon pho. Sooo good. The meat is marinated and super tender. The broth is really flavored and the size is a large portion. I also had the grilled shrimp spring rolls which I loved. I definitely recommend getting the grilled shrimp over the traditional fresh shrimp. I've never had grilled shrimp in my spring rolls before but I wish I could find it back in Houston now that I've tried these.
The waitress that was working was attentive and sweet as was the rest of the staff. 
Coming from Houston I'm definitely picky about my pho and know quality when I taste it. I'll be back here next time in NO for my pho fix.Delicious! 
Mom's Country Fried Beef - is the best.This food was so good and a reasonable price. We got the eggplant with steamed rice and the miso salmon and both were amazing!I was excited to finally try this new location because of it being closer to my house than the uptown location. I love the food as well as the ambiance at the other location so I expected the same coming into this one. 
I knew once I walked in this was going to be the "touristy" version which I can understand due to it's location. Looking at the menu I was confused why the prices were significantly higher as well as the dishes having different ingredients. I asked the waiter why the change and she said "they wanted this location to be a different concept from the other one". 
I ordered what i usually ordered at the other one and changed the ingredients to match what I appreciate most in Vietnamese food. The food was very flavorless so I took to the condiments to hopefully make it better. I'm not sure why but they don't offer anything in its original bottles and they all seemed like watered down versions of what they are supposed to be. The Sriracha had little to no kick or spice to it which I don't understand how that happened at all. I didn't even bother to try the hoisin at that point and went straight for the sambal oelek sauce.
I will continue to frequent the other locationSpeedy and amazing service, delicious food. I had the egg roll bun and Vietnamese iced coffee. I think they know that many of their customers are there during a work lunch break so they brought everything out quickly and checked on us often enough. We didn't have to wait but it was definitely busy!Sooooooo goood! I haven't had pho since moving to NOLA and this place hit the spot! The food was prepared quickly and the waitress really sweet and attentive. Cool,
Hip, calming atmosphere, reasonable prices and the steak pho was the bomb!! Perfectly cooked with just the right amount of noodles. May have to visit once a week.Healthy food, clean flavors and a casual hip atmosphere - solid service.Food was great. For the fried food they did over cook it a bit. The stir fried pork noodle was good. Perfect spice.Had a great lunch at Magasin Kitchen !!!!
Kids loved the Banh mi ,
And the beef fried rice was delicious .
My wife is a vegetarian and they had great options for her !
A great change of pace from the fried and fatty .
A must try place !!!!!The food is amazing and the spring rolls are a must...great service and calm atmosphereGreat Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans. The kids were a bit tired of Cajun food (been in Louisiana for a week now) and wanted to eat fried rice and noodles. 
This place was the closest one to our hotel and had good reviews on yelp. 
When you enter the place you'll see its filled with Asian customers (which is a good sign). 
The portions were huge and the kids also got a chicken soup made especially for them for free.The food is as good or slightly better than what is offered at their flagship location uptown, but the service here is TERRIBLE.  The other location has set high expectations for an efficient restaurant machine, but at the South Market location, they are very disorganized, there's no host or any sign to let you know to seat yourself.  I've been 3 times since they opened and it's been worse service every time.  The last time, I waited at the bar for 15 minutes after seating myself, and no one ever spoke to me, but then two men sat a few seats down the bar from me and were helped almost immediately, so I left.  They clearly did not want my business that day.  I will go back and revise my review if the service improves, because I am definitely a fan of the food.  I'm just really surprised about the great disparity in service between the two locations.First time I came to this place, 5-stars
But then every other time I have been here, they have something missing in the menu: oh sorry we don't have chicken today. Or we are out of this or that... then they started to strikeout items off the menu! And the best thing is, they have no sweets. ZERO. All sweets crossed off the menu, LOL!
I mean, this is a restaurant in the business district of New Orleans. They should do better than that. 
If they don't have the items, because it's not selling out, just reprint a new menu !I hate the South of Market development.  On many level  But I found that this place, which has that South of Market air about it, is as good as the uptown location and is going to be a lunch  favorite.The food definitely had more flavor than the magazine street location but the service was less than stellar. At one point every person working there was looking down and on their phones. Even the cooks! Needless to say the lack of care was noticed.This place is pretty much the shizzle. 2nd time here and its even better. The spring roles are straight dope. And anything with a fried egg on top is gonna be good.This one is not as good as the other magasin that closed on magazine. Portions are smaller. Dishes are different. It's still good but not as good as the one that was on Magazine. Oh and I feel like it's more pricey!Delicious food in right-sized portions. I had an avocado green bean bowl with fried Rice & a perfect egg over easy. The rice wasn't too heavy or greasy at all. Spouse got avocado spring rolls (made fresh while he watched) & filet mignon fried rice. He liked his dinner too. Very reasonably priced. Would definitely go back.Service: 5 stars
Ambience: 5 stars (very laid back)
Lemon grass beef vermicelli: 5 stars. O-M-G This is amazing. The beef is spectacular, flavorful, well cooked, soft, not dry, flavorful, and spectacular. It is a damn pity I found this place the day I am going back to a Tallahassee :(
Lemongrass restaurant in Tally is good BUT this vermicelli is exceptional!!
Steamed potstickers: 4 stars. They are good and flavorful. The borders seemed dry like not steamed.
I was wearing my FAMU polo and two customers (FAMU alumni) approached me and we chatted for a while. Nice time!!I eat Vietnamese cuisine frequently and loved Magasin Kitchen while trotting through New Orleans. I think it's the one restaurant where the water didn't have butter drizzled.
Location- easy walking distance from Ace Hotel and ample parking if you are driving.
Food- Good quality ingredients and tasty options for vegetarians, pescatarians and meat eaters.
Service- efficient and friendly
I would definitely go back when in NOLA.This place has some really great options on the menu, although they have not managed to optimize the space in this tiny restaurant well. It has a cool rustic open kitchen, a very unappealing bar, and nice lighting that gave the feel of a dark spa, or night club.
Now back to the space, it's so small that you sit with your neighbors for lunch, your hips and butt are constantly in someone's face, so try not to escape too the restroom and back. I will give you five on it if you make it back to your seat without your butt, hips, or waist meeting something on your neighbors table. The space was not utilized well, it's like a basketball player getting out of a childs big wheel when trying to leave the tables. 
The service is okay, and to top off their just okay service. I eat a mostly no meat/ pescatarian lifestyle so I ordered the mushroom spring rolls. They were very good might I add, however, after eating one that had a salty meat taste, and a rubberry meat like texture, I stopped chewing. So I wondered, and I'm assuming the waitress saw me pondering, so she ran over to our table  with a mushroom platter and stated "sorry they have meat in them."
So I told my sister "take me to the window, I want to say good bye bye bye to the cold cruel world." Hocus Pocus. Haha..
I only had half of a half so I tried not to become upset. Her solution to the mistake was the cake topper of all cake toppers, listen to this. She wanted to give me the mistake that I did not order for free. I laughed so hard too myself and my mother new what the look was. She stated  "lets enjoy the rest of our lunch and leave". 
I struggled so hard with the tip, it went from six dollars, then five, four, three, two, and one dollar, to ahhh screw it lets go. Because it revesed as well, although I did leave a tip with complete disgust.Excellent! fresh, very tasty, decent portion food. Banh Mi and Pho were fantastic, 100% must try place!I come back to New Orleans often, and end up here three or four times to escape all the fried Cajun food. It's fresh, delicious and the service is fast and courteous. Try the Vegan pho and any of the spring rolls!Best pho I've ever had.  After living and exploring in NYC, SoCal, D.C., Detroit, and Cleveland, I had to come back home to Louisiana to enjoy the most wonderful pho.  I'm thrilled!  Can't wait to return.After moving downtown, this is one of my favorite restaurants to visit for lunch. I've come on multiple lunch dates and the food is delicious. From previous reviews, you can tell I do not really enjoy Vietnamese restaurants but the flavor here is delicious. 
I love getting the spring rolls to share with a friend.
The food comes out quickly, but if you get an unsweetened Iced tea make sure you ask the waiter for the sweetener (if that is how you roll), every time I've had to ask and wait, wait, wait for the sweetener. But other than that there are no complaints!Love this place! I had been once before last time I was in town for a conference, and remembered the vegan pho being amazing with lots of fresh veggies and tofu. This time I got the chicken pho and spring rolls (lemongrass beef). The food and service were just as good as I remembered! The pho broth is some of the best I've had, and they give a lot of chicken for the price. Will definitely be back next time I'm in town!This is a casual yet well designed Vietnamese restaurant. It is great to stop in for a quick bite and eat at the counter or to come as a group and sit at one of the big tables. The menu is quite extensive and has all your Vietnamese favorites. I had the shrimp spring rolls and beef fillet pho.I was super happy about finding this place on my last day in Nola. A bowl of pho tai for lunch and a banh mi for the plane. Nice clean restaurant. Good service. Please dont serve ice in my drink if you dont offer straws. Thanks!Came here one rainy evening because wanted pho but didn't want to drive and this place was around the corner...honestly, I regret not trying it sooner because the food is prepared quickly in an open kitchen, and is so incredibly fresh and vibrant, both visually and in your mouth. There could have been more avocado in the veggie spring rolls but no complaints for the vegan pho broth (lots of depth and flavor development) and eggplant/onion vermicelli bowl (came with a sweet sauce). The bowl of garlic chili sauce on the table is a perfect accompaniment to all the dishes, make sure to try it!Love! Love! Love! The location of where the restaurant sit looks like it's in a high end and new area of Nola. Walking into Magasin Kitchen I didn't realize that I was walking into a Vietnamese restaurant. The place looks very urban with a open kitchen concept, which you rarely see in any Asian restaurant.  The detail in the place I can see that the owner put many thoughts to it even down to the chopsticks.
Looking at the menu I even like the way how simple and well organize the menu was design. So I've decided to order the Crab Rangoon as an appetizer dish, the Miso Salmon Vermicelli and my friend ordered the Vietnamese Bimbop Bowl.  The server bring out the Crab Rangoon, it was hot and crunchy. Once you dip it into the sweet & sour sauce and take a bite, it's filled with my favorite ingredients. The Miso Salmon is next . I love how they serve the salmon with many different type of vegetables and the spicy fish sauce is a great combination to this dish. My friend loved her Bimbop, I wish I could have more room in my tummy to try her dish as well... But of course there's always next time when I travel to this city again, I will bookmark this place to make sure I make my stop.Vietnamese restaurants are common in New Orleans, but not so much in the downtown area. This one is small, but rather pleasant, with an open kitchen and an open-minded menu that notably includes vegetarian/vegan options beyond the usual (not that I don't like tofu, but I was glad to have some other choices). I stopped in on an off-time mid-afternoon with the staff seemed to be catching their own lunch break, but still got efficient service, and a place that's open throughout the day has its value.
What I tried were spring rolls with some garlic tofu, which were nice enough, and a fried rice with green beans and avocado which also came with a surprise egg that I didn't really want. Nonetheless, I just ignored that, and the rice was enhanced by the addition of a seriously powerful hot sauce at the table. All told, it was an encouraging enough experience to make me want to try their sister restaurant which as the name suggests is actually on Magazine Street. This one seems to be a nice downtown lunch option.Easily top 5 Vietnamese in NOLA and no one outside of downtown knows who they are. Great modern style Pho, which is a nice change of pace from the traditional French Quarter dishes. 
Any of the spring rolls and the beef rice plate with fried egg are my usual go to dishes, but haven't had a bad selection yet. 
Super quick to get your food and they a built for downtown takeout. 
Would have given 5 stars but they don't have a website or social media so you have to resort to yelp menu photos and your best option is to just call it in. Oh well, the food is great!Came here for a quick lunch while in town for work. I wanted something fresh and not too heavy so I opted for the Pho Combo. Even though it was pretty hot and humid, the hot soup was perfect and comforting! The broth was clean, flavorful, and light. It was the perfect amount of meatballs and rare steak (FYI no tripe or tendon, but that's ok!) service was friendly and quick. I also ordered a Banh Mi Combo to go to eat at the airport. Even after a couple of hours, the sandwich was yummy. The pickled veg was on the sweeter side but it balanced well with the meats and jalapeños. Good choice if you're in the area and looking for something different from typical fried foods in NOLA.The dumplings were really good. Best I've had in a while.
I ordered the Filet Mignon Fried Rice. Menu said $13 but it was $16.
The menu doesn't list what comes with it. I don't care for cucumbers but I was able to pick them out with no problem.
The only issue I had was my filet was raaarrreee. I can go for a medium/medium rare when it comes to steaks but I wasn't even asked how I wanted it cooked. So if you don't care for rare be sure to ask for it well done.Food was okay but the service was terrible. Went at 3pm and the servers were all eating. When I asked for a certain sauce they looked as though I was bothering them.This is probably one of my least favorite Vietnamese American restaurant down in NOLA. I got the curry chicken and it was way way too thick for my liking and I felt like they should have prepared the chicken differently as it was pretty bland. Also, the chicken pho was on the saltier side as well. The only thing that saved this place the shrimp balls appetizer as that was very crispy and yummy as well and i HIGHLY recommend trying it out from this place as well as the chicken spring rolls were definitely on point and filling as well. Other than that, the main entrees was a disappointment.My very favorite Vietnamese restaurant in southern Louisiana. I drive 30+ minutes just to come eat here. I highly recommend their chicken curry if you're a fan of spicy food. I also suggest their beef pho . The hospitality feels like home and the prices are good too.I like it here. I came at 11 for lunch on a Thursday and by 11:30 the place was packed wow! My friend who lives at the Paramont tells me that you can't even get in at the bar on a weekend so clearly they're enjoying a lot of sustained success!
Menu-wise, I super appreciate that they have really reasonable prices, especially with the location and classy atmosphere. They have a really good variety of noodles, soup, rice, appetizers, and banh mi.  
Our server was really friendly and was very happy to explain all of the menu items in layman's terms. He even proactively replaced some of our silverware when he felt like they weren't up to standards in cleanliness. I got the pork noodle bowl and some tofu spring rolls and was overall pleased. I felt a little overwhelmed by the flavors on the noodles but my personal tastes lean towards lighter. The char siu pork was plenty and the sunny side up egg was great too. I really liked the broth pairing and you can tell they put TLC towards the plating choices and presentation. My friends got the combo and vegan pho. Bonus recognition for having more than one type of tofu! The springrolls came with crispy fried tofu and the vegan pho had non-fried-firm-made-for-soups tofu **huzzah!**
I'm not sure if they have a happy hour or not, but I will definitely be back to try their drink menu. It's really nice here and I may have found a contender for my weekly lunch pho fix.Stumbled upon this spot while in town for New Orleans Film Festival. Really great food. I definitely recommend the Potstickers! Really bomb. And the Fried Pork Noodles! They're lit. You get a lot more food than expected. This is my second time back. I'm currently contemplating if I should stop here again before heading to the airport tomorrow.When going to a restaurant next door, we happened upon this place and they weren't open yet.  After eating next door, we stopped in to order their Banh Mi sandwiches.  I ordered one tofu and one eggplant and mushroom to go.  They were very hot when we got them which is a change from the norm but very delicious and I think the only way to serve the eggplant one would have to be warm, I can't imagine it cold. Very good flavor and we will return, there were other items on the menu that I'm ready to try.