This is a great small business to support. We went in for fried shrimp po-boy and it was delicious! The staff was very friendly, and it was a good value. Definitely worth a stop if you are in that area. We'll try the soft-shell po-boy next time we're in NOLA.Overall, very good and worth visiting. Sort of a nondescript little restaurant on a corner full of locals. The muffaleta (on poboy bread) was totally delicious, if not traditionally served. Their oyster poboys were run-of-the-mill New Orleans great. In other words, not 'special' but up to par with top quality oyster sandwiches everywhere. The gumbo was a little watery and average. Definitely worth stopping in for a bite if you're nearby. The inside is full of picnic-like tables. Comfortable and casual, and the sandwiches are fairly priced.Old school Nola style restaurant in an Uptown house turned business.  We split the king size fried soft shell crab poboy.  It was fresh and hot - and obviously made to order.  For two, I'd recommend adding a side of something if you're very hungry.  But all-in-all, if you're looking for that traditional New Orleans atmosphere with legit poboys, this is a good spot.I went to this restaurant last year after stumbling upon it while walking in the Garden District. The food and the prices did not disappoint! I got the roast beef po-boy and the gumbo. The roast beef po-boy was fresh and had so much food! The gumbo could have been thicker, but for the price this totally hit the spot and was worth it. Definitely will be back on my trip next month.I give props where they are due and I must confess that I had one of the best homemade biscuits here that I've ever consumed. My bacon was cooked to perfection, as well. For a breakfast combo ($3.95 for eggs, meat, biscuit, and hash browns), the price was right.
BUT...
...and this is a very big 'BUT' 
How in the world did they get gumbo wrong??? With so many glowing examples abound there is simply no excuse for sub-par gumbo. My boyfriend described it as bland beef soup with some mini shrimp thrown in. I don't think they used a seafood base... that's sacrilegious!
The hash browns began as a pleasant side dish and eventually became an obstacle course as I'd bite into chunk after chunk of undercooked potato. 
I'd say skip the golden arches or the king for a breakfast sandwich and head to MPSS, but the praise ends there.This location is the closest food shop if you're visiting the Garden District. No budging on the daily specials they only offer them on the date specified, weird I know. All types of Po-Boys here at a decent price. I read previous reviews saying they did not accept credit cards but they accepted them when I visited in April. Seating is in an open area with lots of windows giving you cool breeze while you enjoy your food.The food and service were great. Lunch is maybe a little pricey. Its no Mahoneys but Im glad I finally stopped in to give the place a chance!Basic hole in the wall place on Magazine street in the Garden District.  My husband and I had gone to check out the Lafayette cemetery and we walked here for a po-boy after.  We wanted a shrimp po-boy and this looked like the place to pick one up.  I don't know if my expectations were too high for my first po-boy but this didn't blow me away.  It was good, and I didn't have any complaints per say, but it was very basic.  No sauce or anything, but maybe there's just not supposed to be.  It was big, my husband and I split one and were satisfied.  We ordered it and sat outside to eat where they had some tables and chairs.  Would recommend if you are in the area!Fairly disappointed. Ordered pick up and the person on the phone hurried my g/f off the phone without getting our complete order or giving us a total and estimated time it would be ready. I was looking forward to the food but sad to say it fell far short of amazing. My shrimp in my poboy was hard and over fried and my g/f was pretty disappointed with her roast beef as well. The gumbo came across as soupy and bland. Won't be trying this again.I am on a never ending quest for the best roast beef poor boy on earth. My most recent stop was Magazine Po-Boy. 
I really like the building. It is old and typical of a New Orleans neighborghood joint. There is a large board with the menu to the left of the counter. Once you make up your mind, walk up the steps and order. As others have mentined, it is cash only, but there is an ATM inside. I do wish they would take credit cards for convenience, but it was not that big a deal.
I ordered a roast beef and some gravy fries. Both were good, but I wasn't overwhelmed. The bread was correct, but the sandwich just seemed rather ordinary. The fries were also average. 
I did notice that during lunch they offer several specials, including white beans. I may have to come back and try more of those types of things since my regular plate lunch place has closed. 
In summary, the restaurant has the right look, but I was not impressed with the food.we stayed at a house just a few blocks from here and i gotta say that i love the feel of this neighborhood.  i wanted to stop by to try a Po Boy from this place as soon as i saw it, but we had been busy in other parts of the city most of the week until later in the day, and they close somewhat early, so we didn't have a chance until 2 days before we left.
we stopped by right around lunch time and i ordered a Catfish Po Boy with a side of Fried Okra and Fried Pickles and my dining partner ordered a Shrimp Po Boy.  there were certainly other Po Boys that i wanted to try on the menu, so i'm sad that i don't have two stomachs (or at least had another day to try something else).  so the Po Boys were really good!  the fillings were comparable to most other Po Boys i've had, but their bread was the light, flaky French Bread variety that i so dearly enjoy.  it's got the light crisp on the outside and an airy crumb in the middle.  couple that with deliciously seasoned Fried Catfish and you've got a winner in my book.  the Shrimp was good too, as well as the Fried Okra and Fried Pickles.  but i started to get sick of the Fried Pickles after a while.
we got our Po Boys promptly, but they totally forgot about our fried items, and they brought them out to us after i went to remind them twice about it.  that didn't bother me too much because i had my Po Boy to keep me company.  oh yea and my friends were there too.Had just finished a Garden District walking tour and happened upon this restaurant. There were 12 of us all hungry and parched. Walked in and ordered a variety of po boys and soft drinks. Muffulettas were really good. The people that work there are very friendly.Located in the scenic Garden District of New Orleans, our group stopped into Magazine Po-boy Shop for lunch one day.  The menu is written on a giant blackboard and seems to offer any variety of po-boy one could possibly be looking for.  The prices are good, but don't expect to be full from a small size po-boy.  It seemed like there were ample tables, but I was not there when it was busy.
I ordered the fried oyster po-boy.  The fried oysters were pretty good, but nothing else about the sandwich really stood out.  Having had several others during my stay in New Orleans, I must say, the one at Magazine rated on the lower part of the favorite list.  Regardless, the staff were very friendly, and did not keep us waiting.  Nice atmosphere as well.We almost got off on the wrong foot, as they handed my po-boy to another customer that almost made it out the door. But the error was corrected, and I left with my whole catfish to go, dressed. 
I opened the bag to find two packets of mayonnaise, and my heart sank a little bit. Did they not put enough mayo on it to start? I pushed past and opened my sandwich. 
Let me tell you, it was impressive. Perfect proportion of dressing, mayo, and catfish. The bread was crispy and flaky on the outside but not too chewy. For my liking, the bread was perfect. The fish was fried but not oily. It was a great sandwich, and I will definitely go back.I am no po'boy expert.  So I made it a point on my trip to find a good one.  I asked locals, foodies and they came up with this spot.  The shop is clean and the folks were friendly.  The oyster po'boy was okay. I have a feeling I should have gotten the roast beef one like the lady suggested.It's my neighborhood poboy shop. Consistently good. Food is ready quickly and staff is helpful. I always roll with the shrimp and I've never not enjoyed it.My friend and I hatched a plan to go on a poboy tour of Southern Louisiana during my last visit to New Orleans.  Our first stop was supposed to be Mahoney's, but it turned out they don't open until 11 AM. At this point, we were both starving and anxious to get our adventure started and were not in a mood to wait for an hour for Mahoney's to open. My friend remembered Magazine Po-Boy Shop as being a pretty good place to grab poboys so there we went.  
I read in one of the review that this is a Cash Only place.  Actually, they accept credit card but their card reader wasn't working properly so my friend tried to get money from the ATM but it wasn't working either! Thank goodness we had enough cash between the two of us to pay for our order.  The staff were all nice and very patient while we were struggling with the cash situation.
The food?  My friend ordered the muffuletta and I assume it was very good because I swear he demolished it in less than five minutes! I ordered the oyster poboy and it was good but it's not something I would gush over.  Overall, it was an alright experience.  If I were hungry and I was in the neighborhood, I wouldn't hesitate to go back, but I will not go out of my way to go back to the place.  There are plenty of restaurants in New Orleans to check out!Great sandwich and great bread. The deep fried pickles breading was fantastic.  Stopped on the way back from a cemetery tour. Glad I did.I agree with Jason B. This is our favorite poboy place, also! We feel like home when we enter. Treated like family!Easy, simple and classic New Orleans neighborhood spot. Great breakfast poboys and they have iced coffee. Also love the eggplant parm poboy.Perfectly fine for a basic poboy. The owner is always very nice. They now accept credit cards!Hot sausage po boy is always great. Friendly staff and all around great New Orleans food.On a recent trip to Nola, we woke in a very hazy state and ventured out onto the street aimlessly, in search of food.  The air was thick and hot-- you could slice through it like bread.  Speaking of bread....
We found ourselves on Magazine Street and walked the length of it looking for something that caught our eye.  We ended up at Magazine Street Po-boy & Sandwich Shop.  With everything housed in such historic, beautiful buildings, it really gives the illusion that you can't go wrong.
But the po'boys here were just...meh.  Freret Street's were much better (though overpriced).  Here, the bread was not super fresh.. and just not all that tasty.  Too bready.  And, as far as poboys go, it's all in the bread, really.  Bad bread?  No dice!
C and I split the softshell crab poboy and a muffaletta, because a sandwich shop seems like the ideal place to get a muffaletta, right? Wrong!  They served it on a poboy roll- for shame!  Without the pressed, focaccia-like goodness you normally get from a muffaletta, it was more of just a bready, meaty sub sandwich... and served on a styrofoam plate- yech! (I hate styrofoam).
However, the food filled our empty, hungover bellies and the water was a godsend before heading back into the brutal heat...I just hate to waste a meal in Nawlin's on sub-par po'boys!Love this shop! The staff is so kind and warm. The food is great too! A great place for your daily po boy fix.A solid go-to po-boy joint on Magazine St. Great shrimp po-boys, great breakfast. The biscuit are the bomb.Our family got fish poboys and a turkey poyboy. For being in the heart of New Orleans, we were hoping for some delicious sandwiches. They were mediocre and a bit overpriced. Wouldn't recommend. Staff was friendly, howeverI loved this place. Cheap. Easy. And amazing!!! I got the muffelatta and I was in love!!!!! Absolute perfection. Highly recommendI always get the fried chicken po boy! It's really, really good! I highly recommend this place!Love the shrimp poboy add swiss cheese and brown gravy. Might sound off but it's amazing!!!This place has good po boys, entrees, and daily specials at decent prices.  They are only open for lunch and cash only which makes it very inconvenient.  They seem to have a deal with a quite a few tour operators as many tour groups seem to end up inside here so if you time it wrong you might end up in a LONG line.  Overall it is a decent place to grab lunch when there isn't a tour group ahead of you and the building has a nice old school ambiance with lots of seating.  I like the fact that the owner seems to always be there and has a hands on approach to running his business.  They would make a whole lot more money here if they stayed open later and took credit cards and I know I would eat here often in the evenings if they were open so maybe one day they will get better hours and finally take credit cards.I wish I could give 0 stars.  We had po-boys at Johnny's Po-boys a few days before and LOVED them.  So, as we walked the Garden District and saw this shop, we thought what could go wrong?  We received two very stale rolls with regular ol'lunch meat in them.  So dissapointed.  I ended up throwing out the roll and just dealing with it.  Save your money.I had an Eggpland parmasan PoBoy and it was good. Messy, but good. That, and a big glass of milk was exactly what my hungover gut needed at the moment and it was a well spent $7. 
Nice little sandwich shop...they also serve breakfast until 11am.While I am still searching for my favorite po-boy shop (through literally a hundred or so places that offer them here in the city), I visit the Magazine Po-Boy and Sandwich shop often on off-days. It is a *very* tiring 3 block walk, but is worth it. There are some tables and chairs in the main area of the shop and there is a second dining area for overflow lunch crowd (and a table or two on the sidewalk). 
The menu is written on the wall to the left the counter, behind which a bevy of people seem to be constantly busy. I usually get the veal cutlet sandwich, oyster/shrimp combo po-boy, the spaghetti, and the Italian salad. They offer nearly every kind of po-boy and sandwich you can think of (I think soft shell crabs too!)...
It is a very nice little neighborhood place to grab a cheap eat. And the food is pretty good. Not that it is a bad thing, but you can't get liquor or a beer there and they close at 6pm. Though for me, it's all about the FOOD...check it out.Great shrimp poboy & amazing eggplant parmesan poboy!! We have been here numerous times and is very consistent with great food.Wife and i had breakfast. Awsome friendly people. Great southern breakfast. They know it doesnt have to be fancy to be good. Reminded me of my grandmother fom selma alabama making me breakfast in the mornings as a child. If your paying 4 times as much for fancy you aint livingAt first I was excited by this place because the po-boys were cheap.  As it turns out, they aren't very big.  Plan on getting the large one or you won't be near full.  Taste was decent, nothing to blow you out of the water.  I might go back, but probably only if I'm in the neighborhood and I need a po-boy fast.
Also, I was with five others and there wasn't a good place for us to sit, no matter where we were we in the way of things.I liked this place. You order at the counter from a dizzying list of po'boy options. We chatted with the woman at the counter a bit and got her recommendations for what's best locally, and she was friendly and helpful. Then you sit and wait for someone to bring your food out to you. The funky art on the wall is definitely fun and local- we saw this artist everywhere. The food was good. Fish po'boy: good, but not my favorite. Shrimp po'boy: YUM! Loved it... until I got to a section of the sandwich that was a little extra crunchy... I'm not sure if some other fried protein got mixed in? It was less appealing, unfortunately. We also had the gumbo here (which I think surprised them because it was oppressively hot out). It wasn't my favorite. I'm not generally an okra fan, and the okra flavor was strong in this. There were also bits of shells in the gumbo, which caused me to skip the rest. All in all, though, I'd go back for the shrimp po'boy.Went here based on reviews after walking around the Garden District.  I had the oyster po-boy.  Oysters perfect.  Bread perfect (unfortunately, can't get anything like it where I live).  Dressing perfect.
My wife had the roast beef po-boy.  It was cold when it came out.  She took it back and they were genuinely upset that it wasn't right.  They threw it away and made a new one for her.  She said it was probably the best roast beef sandwich she ever had.I used to live two doors down from this place, and would go over and get a cheeseburger or oyster poboy now and then.  Right after I moved back to NO a couple of weeks ago, I was in NEED of an oyster poboy, and it was the closest place that came to mind.  The way the restaurant is set up, you order at the window for to-go, then sit and wait in the dining section for your order to be called.  I read an entire issue of The Gambit before my order was called.  Granted, I skipped a few things, and I am a fast reader, but damn - almost 20 minutes to get a sandwich?  
Unfortunately, the poboy wasn't as good as I remembered, but that might be because in the interim all of my poboys have been procured at Quartermaster, and they're seriously the best in town.  The oyster batter was bland, and overall the sandwich was just OK, not great.  I wouldn't spend that much money on a sandwich from them again.  
The bright spot of this trip? I also got an order of fried okra, and those were delicious beyond belief.  I'll probably be popping in just to pick up fried okra from now on.the vastness of their menu is what i love about this shop. I have eaten here 6 maybe 7 times and each time the severs is fast & friendly. the food is very good.Maufalata was good, place was a little dirty, salad left a lot to be desired.  I might eat there again.On my way to Whole Foods I was craving a Roast Beef poboy. I was looking on here for positive reviews near me & for every positive there was a negative & I didn't feel like taking chances...so while driving I spotted this place & figured why not. 
I got the poboy-regular 8 inches, only $5.95. To my surprise it was pretty good. Lots of gravy and the bread was good too. I would come here again and order the same for sure. Unfortunately my favorite place closed down & there's was homemade :( 
My friend got the Ruben & wasn't completely satisfied. Said she wouldn't order it again. Also her butter beans were blah. 
Definitely decently priced sandwiches, my $1.75 unsweetened tea was a little much..but they did refill it when I asked to my surprise. 
Will be returning:) 
Also I know I'm very skeptical of other peoples 'harsh' opinions, but let it be known, that when trying to please my taste buds with a roast beef poboy, IT AINT EASY! LolBland Red Beans and Rice with mediocre service. Salad is a joke. I guess in all fairness the food was cheap, but I make better RB&B at home! 
Perhaps other dishes  are fantastic??  I'll never know.Food was alright. I ordered the burger steak with gravy with mashed potatoes and it was okay and my husband had Chicken parm sandwich with fries. Nothing spectacular about the food and I had better poboys from elsewhere.Great little local spot to grab a Po boy. 
Loved the option of being able to get half shrimp/half oyster! This should become the new standard for all Po boy merchants as I hate choosing. 
The Po boys themselves were good but not great. If you are in town for the weekend don't bother but if you are on a Po boy quest this should be in your top 20-30 to try out (it should be noted if this place was anywhere other than the Crescent City it would rank much much higher).
We also grabbed a side of chicken and sausage gumbo as I'm a fatty and can't pass up trying the gumbo on any menu. Again good but not great, could have used a hit of pepper vinegar or hot sauce. We got the meal to-go and sat in The Fly so sadly had none on hand. 
The staff were super friendly and genuinely happy to be serving good NOLA neighbourhood style cuisine. 
The breakfast menu looked extensive and has some decent reviews from others, maybe next time...We stayed at a B&B a few doors down from here and were glad to try the food on a few occasions.  What did my little eyes spy on the menu board upon walking in?  What is that?  Oh my.  Fried pickles.  How I love fried pickles.  Mmm.  And they were spot-on.  We ordered a po-boy as well, which was good.  Not the best in town, but good.  Iced tea?  Yes, please.
So why the 3 stars?  Breakfast was a little meh.  I ordered one of the breakfast burritos and was dripping more grease than flavor from my tortilla.  
We did come back in here before leaving town for one last, late breakfast.  But rather than greasy eggs, we each ordered a po-boy before hitting road back to Chicago.  My hubs and I devoured them with relish and a tinge of regret.  If i lived in this hood, I anticipate I would probably stop in here fairly regularly.  
I kinda wish I DID live in this hood so I could. Just not for breakfast.Sandwiches were gross, aside from the bread, which was really good. I had an eggplant parm po boy, which came with pickles and mayonnaise in addition to the eggplant and cheese. The latter two were okay, the former two (in this combination) unfathomable. Perhaps these additions are common practice around here?
I am giving three stars because the sweet tea was fabulous and the staff had a lot of genuine character and were really nice, patient people. I also saw the owner "doing the books" in a wide-ruled notebook in the back, which was charming.Fried shrimp po'boy is great! Came here on my last day of vacation with a local friend, and the joint was a hit. Great people watching and friendly staff too.Supposed to be h/ c accessible but there is no ramp and a high stoop they were very accommodating  they had seats under umbrellas for eatingSeafood platter and shrimp and oyster po-boy Sandwich were awesome. Nice environment. Good service.Cash Only... but there's an ATM in the shop.  They're almost always closed when I want a po-boy, but fortunately I found Freret St. Poboys!  This is now my #2 poboy shop.
The food's good.  The Barq's floats are better.I had a  po'boy. He had gumbo. A very so-so meal. The best part of the meal was the bag of crawtators that I ordered on the side. Not worth the effort!We used the car today, and were able to go a little off the beaten path. Parking close by is a challenge,  and the streets are only one way after cars park on both sides.  The neighborhood is beautiful with all of the antebellum style houses. This place had a lot of locals... eat in, take out...  the staff were very matter of fact.  Not super nice, not rude.  You order, they bring out your food, and they are pretty quick about it.
My first Po Boy... shrimp, and it was yummy!  Hubby had a rheuben Po Boy, and it was great, too!  Munchkin ordered Veal Parmesan.  It was plastic - fork - tender, and that is pretty impressive!  This was one of munchkin's favorite meals!  If we lived here, we would definitely be back!
BTW, the artwork,signs on the wall, and rustic cabinets are for sale.It was ok.  Place was on Magazine street.  Old house set up. Girl behind counter was nice enough.   Took our order immediately and brought food to the table.   Had the Rueben Po Boy and a side of fries.  
Fries were fresh and crispy but no salt.   Rueben was very heavy on sauce but meat was not warm.   It was ok.  Ate it and back on our way.   I would probably go there again if I was someone in the neighborhood but as a visitor to town.  Probably not.   I will try another place next time.   It wasn't bad but wasn't anything to rave about.  Decent.I really like it the food it was incredible good I will love to go again and again thank you I will be back!!!Decent sandwiches, clean dining, friendly people and free refills on iced tea. This is a good sandwich shop- nothing really special but it's exactly what it needs to be.Love this place. Never fails to impress. Go for a po-boy, any po-boy. Forget the rest of the menu. Randoms hours, but that just adds to the charm of the place. Will be back over and over...Excellent food made even better by superiorly friendly service. Nice old time New Orleans ambiance.For what it is, it's expensive. The food is completely average, served on paper plates. The staff seemed rude but maybe they were new, they didn't seem to know much of the food. Got a po boy that filled me up but was really nothing special.We can't leave New Orleans without trying an authentic Po-Boy right?  So before we're off to the airport, we stop by Magazine Poboy.  Lots of choices on the menu and reasonable prices.  I had the fried shrimp and catfish poboy which was pretty tasty.  Overall good place but I wasn't blown away.I just read that Magazine Street poboys is closing bc the owners (brothers) are retiring. I think they have one of the best roast beef poboys in New Orleans! I had an appointment uptown today so it was perfect for me to pass by on my way home for lunch. 
I used to go here many times for lunch during my 12 years working downtown. I would always get the same thing bc I knew they made their own roast beef. The bread was hot, the beef not dry, enough gravy, seasoned well, and just enough mayo! The fries, crispy, simple and the Barq's red cream soda tops everything off just perfectly.
Also, they always had the same friendly ladies working for them and still do! No turnover what so ever. Not only were the tables and floors always clean, so were the bathrooms after you had to wash your gravy hands! 
I had to get home in a hurry today so I didn't get to find out when their last day will be, but I think I overheard this week?...5/25? Get there if you can for one or maybe a couple more times bf they close forever!  I recommend the roast beef poboy!IF YOU AREN'T IN THE MOOD FOR PARASOLS 
- this place isn't bad. 
WHY YOU'D GO:
- super cheap prices
- much wider menu than most nearby shops
- large dining area, friendly staff
and...
THAT $7 MUFFALETTA SALAD 
is really good (and of course it isn't ruined by too much bread!)After a wonderful time touring the Garden District, this place really delivered with great po boys. We had the fried oyster and a roast beef one and both were great.  We can only compare them to one other place in New Orleans, but these were much superior, and the place is a relaxed and spacious house.This is the worst po'boy I've ever had in New Orleans. Granted, they were very busy when I went, but that's not an excuse.
I ordered the eggplant Parmesan po'boy. They didn't ask if I wanted it dressed or anything, which is what I expected since an eggplant Parmesan traditionally comes with sauce and cheese. Well, that's not the case here. All what I got was a piece of fried, unseasoned, thin eggplant on po'boy bread. No cheese. No sauce. Not even any lettuce. I don't know if that's how they normally do it or if they just messed up. It was mostly just bread. It did not have nearly enough filling to respectfully call itself a po'boy. Either way, it was disgusting.
My husband got the fish plate. It was not bad, but it was nothing special. The fish batter could have used more pepper. The French fries were okay but nothing special.This is my number one place for an oyster po boy. It's just a block from my house so I'm always stopping by. I can't really speak for their other dishes since I'm a creature of habit. They close really early though so you can only go for lunch, which I have a real problem with. If you can make it before 5 (or is it 4?) then go for it.Stopped in here to grab a po boy because Mahony's had an hour wait. Prices are a lot lower and my roast beef po boy was good.
The guy at the counter--I think he might have been the owner?--was really sweet.
If you go, do keep in mind that it's cash only.
Would definitely go back to try some of the other po boys mentioned on Yelp. ;)I miss the days when I lived above this place.  
The smells coming into my room early on a Saturday morning would often wake me from even the deepest hungover snooze.  Mr. Ray's cooking would coax me downstairs in my still half drunken stooper to collect one of the best poboys in NOLA.  
The fried okra?  Yeah, awesome.
My only complaint is that I could never get a poboy after I got off of work.  Like every good poboy shop, they are not open past mid-afternoon.  
C'est la vie.Hamburgers are great. Chicken salad sandwiches are awesome. Plate dinners are huge. Prices are very reasonable. My only thing is that I wish they stayed open until at least 6pm. More people would stop there for takeout if they didNot bad. Good quality, homemade roast beef. Leidenheimer French bread was the right texture. I don't like how the counter is set up, with the workers looking down at you. I would not order the French fries again. They were precooked and not that great. 
Overall, decent. I'd return if I am in the area.I was craving red beans on Monday so I walked over here since I heard they always have the NOLA classic as a start-of-the-week special. While definitely not the best red beans I've had, I got a massive portion for less than 7 dollars, and I was very full and happy when I left. Don't let the wonderfully low prices fool you! You get a lot of food. 
Because I was unaware of portion sizes, I also got a side of the fried okra which was really good! Though you'll def need to salt 'em up, and I recommend getting some sort of condiment to accompany (next time I think I'll ask for a side of remoulade...)
The atmosphere is extremely casual - your typical old school poboy corner shop - and they had the doors wide open on a beautiful 75 degree January day which was really nice. 
I gave them 3 stars because - like i said - the red beans were fine but not great. However, I've never had a poboy here but will definitely order one next time! If they're as good as they look, I'll be bumping up my star count.I stopped in during my last visit to Nola, and I was happy that I did.  I ordered the fried shrimp po boy, voodoo chips, and lemonade. The food was cooked to order so my shrimp was hot and crispy when I got my sandwich. I put hot sauce on mine, but I put hot sauce on everything . 
This place appears to be a neighborhood staple. While I ate, I saw lots of people from the neighborhood stopping in to grab lunch. I always think that's a good sign. There's plenty of space to eat inside, but there are also a couple of bistro tables outside perfectly placed underneath the shade of an awning. If you've never been, it's worth a try.Being a native, I have passed this place over and over through the years, thinking tourist trap. Today, on the recommendation of a tour guide, we went here. I wish we hadn't. The menu is overly ambitious, with breakfast, a full poboy list, and a list of plate lunches. The place is run by foreigners, clearly without a NOLA palate. I went upstairs to wash my hands after I ordered, and the smell coming from the kitchen clearly nauseated me. The restroom was dirty, smelled like it had not been cleaned in days, and there were no towels to dry my hands. Then the food arrived. The fried pickles were really good. The roast beef poboy left a lot to be desired, however. The bread was fine and clearly local, but the roast beef was clearly from a deli, dunked in commercially prepared gravy, and had absolutely no flavor. The place is huge, and never has many people in it, for good reason. Perhaps the only reason it stays open is because many tourists are wandering through the Garden District and see the word "po boy". Do yourself a favor, if you want a po boy and are uptown, go down to Domilese, which is the real deal. I will NEVER go in there again.