I stopped in for lunch one day after years of, 'I really need to try that place.'  I really like their layout.  They have an uncrowded floor of tables and booths and a lunch counter along one side.  The counter faces the cooks' area, which I like because the bustle of multiple grills, fryers, and prep areas serves as a good distraction, not to mention you get frequent interaction with the staff.  They were busy and getting everything done, but they weren't rude or frazzled, and I had a real sweet waitress.
I ordered the fried shrimp po boy dressed, and asked for a side of rebbeans instead of fries.  I almost had second thoughts on that because the burgers that they were cooking right in front of me looked and smelled so good.  I really have a difficult time resisting the grill.
The food was average and is what you would expect in a tourist spot in the Quarter.  They may get another star if I go back for one of them burgers.This was a much needed stop for our group. The day was perfect for outdoor seating so we pulled 2 tables together. We had shrimp po boys the shrimp was great and the bread was so fresh. We had our dog and the waitress brought our dog a cold bowl of water without us even asking. This place has some bad reviews but not from our group of 5. We were all pleased and would recommendThe service and prices here are great, and the food is good if not terrific.
Often, they will service the coveted brinner (breakfast for dinner).
I had scrambled eggs with cheese, bacon, toast, and hash browns for dinner, along with a pale ale to wash it down.
It was not the best brinner ever, nor was it the worst. I would definitely return again!Ash Wednesday breakfast, nursing a disgusting hangover with trumpets still blaring in my head - I managed to croak out "bloody mary" to the barman. You know what happens when Popeye eats spinach? Yeah, that happened to me. That bloody mary was sensational, it got me drunk again and managed to delay my hangover. 
That was all followed by yet another delicious red beans and rice - with 'gator sausage. Utterly necessary hangover food, fixed me right up, ready to pounce on Olive Oil. Cool place, good food, best bloody mary.You'd think the hamburgers would be great...not so. My wife and I had one. Dry and overcooked...and they ran out of onions. Service was horrible.Not a destination place, but ok if you're walking by looking for a place with good food, and if I remember correctly, decent drinks. They do serve nice portions and it was tasty. Service friendly enough, if not a little hurried.In New Orleans for SATCHMO Festival.  The sun started to get to us.  We decided on Magnolia Grill.  Most other restaurants were packed to capacity.  Most of the tables were empty.  We ordered water immediately!  My husband also ordered a Coors Light (draft) on the menu.  The waitress came back with a bottle of coors without any water.  We waited for water that eventually came.  My husband gave her back the bottle and said, "draft".  She said we don't have that.  He asked what they did have on draft and settled for Bud Light.  I watched her walk back behind the counter, grab a frosted mug and pour a beer from a used cup sitting out on the counter.  Back with the mug I said, "did you just pour that from somebody's cup".  Obviously called out on her behavior, she said "that was a beer that I had poured before".  I told her that a freshly poured draft beer was in order.  As she was walking away, this waitress gave me the nastiest stare down (stink eye).  I knew we were leaving.  There is a reason this place was empty.  We eat out a lot.  Actual diner reviews are so helpful.This would be a better review if not for the service. The food here is very good, I went a couple of times for breakfast. The cook was so nice and basically served me. The waitresses here seemed really stressed both mornings even though it seemed like so few people were there. How hard is it to serve my food and fill my coffee?I'm not going to lie. This place looks a little shady, it's a little dark and my table wobbled. My husband drug me in here because a local recommended it and man am I glad he did. 
My husband got the seafood platter (calamari, catfish, shrimp, and crab cake) and he was more excited than a kid a chuck-e-cheese! I couldn't get him to stop eating long enough to tell me how it tasted, but by the look on his face it was amazing. 
I got the creole pasta and it did not disappoint.  Followed by a beer and football updates on the TV and I am one happy wife!
My advice: sometimes the most shady resturaunts have the best food!Hands down worst breakfast ever.  Slow, burnt and over priced!Went in for a quick lunch.  I had the Cajun catfish. It was definitely under-cooked and seriously over salted but  it came with a side of  pretty decent Jambalaya with andouille sausage. I had a cookie milkshake before I left and it saved the whole meal.Quick friendly service and great food! We say ourselves , got drinks right away , was told to try the Cajun French toast - and he was right! Great place- stop by for a friendly place to eatI came here with friends after perusing the French Quarter and Market. I love the ambiance of this little spot. Like most of New Orleans, the space has a lot of character, and the diner vibe really kicks it up a notch. Like most places in the area, they have a small outdoor balcony overlooking the French Market were we ate. 
I ordered the Clam Burger which wasn't too bad. There was a ton of clam meat and it wasn't too greasy. The fries were nothing to right home about though. My friends ordered the Pom Per Du breakfast special. They both complained that the eggs were scrambled incredibly hard, but they LOVED the french toast and sausage. I found the prices to be comparable to places in the area, and the service wasn't noticeably slow when I came. Overall a good experience.Outstanding food and drinks.  The chicken is to die for and the margaritas are the bomb.  The cole slaw made to perfection and the red beans and rice magnificent. If you're in the area this is muist.  Stop by and tell them Ronnie sent you.  You won't be disappounted.I am far from a finicky eater, but as a gal who likes to eat a little bit healthy, this place was torture.  Everything on the menu was fried or doused in butter.  Does butter make the world a better place?  Well, yes.  Yes it does.  But still, give me at least a couple of healthy options!  I mean, they have a few salads, but you know, sometimes you just don't want a salad.  I ended up with the blackened chicken sandwich.  I requested no butter on the bun, and no mayo and the waiter gave me no guff.  The sandwich was totally acceptable.  Nothing special, but it was fine.  Literally the only fresh thing they offer was a salad, so I substituted my fries for that.  Fine.
The service was pretty nice.  Very friendly, and we got lots of attention and refills.  My friend got a breakfast plate (Breakfast is served all day!  Big plus in my book!), and she enjoyed it.  I doubt if I'd ever revisit this place, but I didn't fall horribly ill afterward, and the check wasn't too bad either, so a solid three stars.We had just arrived in NOLA for a vacation and this place was right around the corner from our hotel when we needed some food ASAP!  We sat outside on the sidewalk facing the French Market with good weather. 
 My friend got a po'boy which was decent and I got a muffaletta.  I had several more muffalettas while in town and actually didn't get a better one anywhere else.  I'm sure I didn't find the best in town, but I was surprised a 50's looking diner had a good one.Pecan pie and red beans and rice.  That's all I ordered.  Those two items were fantastic.  My local friends recommended me to go here for those two dishes.  They were correct.  DELICIOUS!I was hungover so i just picked a place with outdoor seatinh for my dog.  this experience was already bad. But it was justified by 3 non hungover people.
Worst waitress. She couldn't remember a thing. The food was dirty and old. 
Not recommended.Update: I have been getting harrassed by a person who says he owns this place and a member  named Sami A. Really the experience of eating here wasnt bad enough you have to take time out of your day to write me rude comments. I dont retract my review it was true, my experience here was not good. Yelp is about peer reviews to help better your resturant. If you were a mature adult you would take the time to look at thereviews and use them as constructive criticism! I wonder if anyone else on here who had a bad experience is being harrassed as well...
On another note Coops is right across the way so when im back thats where i'll be at! :)Dropped in for a late breakfast while cruising the French Market area. Fried chicken and waffles were pretty good. Service was very good. Could be kept cleaner.Nice little spot to drop in for breakfast--they have a well stocked buffet or you can order from the menu. The Bloody Mary was really good--nice kick to it but not too much. 
We have also been in for dinner now and we both enjoyed our meals. Hubs had the seafood platter--you get more seafood than most could finish in a sitting and it was fried to perfection. I had the shrimp po boy and it was delish, as well as the crawfish app. 
Staff can be a little slow but they are nice and always having a good time. I am sure we will be back.Welp. I'm glad I didn't read the Yelp reviews before checking this place out. It was recommended by a local so I guess that has some merit? I actually liked my short, minimal experience here...
Pros:
- AWESOME bloody mary. Perfectly spicy and totally hit the spot.
- Biscuits and gravy. YUM. 
- We sat at the counter and everyone was really friendly and attentive.
Cons:
- I didn't get to try anything else on the menu so I couldn't tell ya.
I hope to stop here again for a bloody mary one day!This was actually my favorite place I ate at when I was in New Orleans.  Their prices were NOT that expensive and the food was delicious.  I ordered a blackened chicken sandwich (cajun style) and it was out of this world (it also came with fries for less than $10)  I was surprised that it wasn't too busy around dinner time and I just sat right at the front counter since I was alone.  They also have table sitting for larger groups AND they serve beer too!  I also ordered a french vanilla milkshake for dessert (even though that came before the food arrived).  I didn't care, it was one of the best milkshakes I've ever had before.  If I knew about this place sooner on my vacation, I would've ate there every night I was in New Orleans.  So, skip the over-priced Margarittaville and walk one more block, and you'll find this hidden gem.Meandering through the French Quarter under the hot Louisiana summer sun makes cold treats a necessity if one were to avoid sunstroke (that's what I tell myself, anyway). So my friends and I went on a mission to find milkshakes.
The nearest one was Magnolia Grill so that's where we went. The proprietor welcomed us warmly and led us to our seats. When we told him we were only there for milkshakes, he said that they will get right on it. We ended up chatting with him as the kitchen staff were preparing our milkshakes. It felt as if we were just hanging out in our friend's house while his mom or wife is making our milkshake. Cool!
It may not be the best cookies-and-cream milkshake I have ever had, but it was really good (a solid 3.5), especially after 4 hours of walking under the sun. Plus, it may be one of the prettiest milkshakes ever served me. So for sheer beauty (allow the girl some shallowness, geez!), I give Magnolia Grill a 4.We stopped by for a drink at the bar. He made a piña colada for us which was good but end pretty sweet. Nothing special to report but generally nice people.Bayou breakfast: My wife says 5 star and claims it its the best breakfast. I think there's nothing special so 3 star for me.
Waffle & ham: thin slices again. Do people not know about thick cut ham in NOLA?Great diner with awesome food and great service. Really close to the French Market - nice location. Kind of small and out of the way. Just what we were looking for!A group of friends and I were in New Orleans for a girls weekend and after walking around the neighborhood for a few minutes, we stumbled upon the Magnolia Grill.  
I will say these two things - 2 of us in the group of 5 got the gumbo and were BLOWN AWAY.  On the flip side, 2 of us got the burgers and were not that impressed. 
Now, in defense of the Magnolia, we were told that these were 'world famous' burgers (maybe the wait staff was kidding?) and being from Colorado we are used to a pretty good cut of beef for a burger! :)  
Either way - we were able to get a table quickly (this was around 2pm), the wait staff was VERY friendly and fun and they had a reasonably priced menu. 
I would say the Gumbo was the highlight of the meal!They're known for their burgers and I got the Soft Shell Crab BLT with French fries.  The sandwich contains three slices of bread; one part is the BLT part and the other is the soft shell crab.  I enjoyed the sandwich very much and the seasoned fries were perfect.The positive thing about this restaurant is the friendly people.  Now for the negatives...my waffle had a good flavor, but was cold by the time I got it & the butter was ice cold from the fridge.  The bacon was overly crispy to the point of being hard & the hash browns had no crisp and had that black, cooked on a grill that many things had burned on look.  The cook, who touted he was really an executive chef, talked about how he belittles the owner & that he keeps his kitchen clean, which made me really look & see how unclean it was kept.  I then went to use the restroom, but it was locked.  I waited & waited for someone to come out.  I then went to pay & a guy came in to use the restroom & he told him it was the 2nd door.  I explained I had been waiting for the ladies & he said I needed a key, what's up with that.  The bathroom looked like they just slopped a dirty mop around it with. 2 inch black line on everything, plus a busted soap dispenser.  I lived in New Orleans for years, I don't get grossed out by much, but gis place did it for me.  Back to Camellia tomorrow!I love to support cool unique privately owned places. My girlfriend and I stopped here bc we were with our pooch and the magnolia grill had outside seating. The place seemed great, with friendly employees and a fun atmosphere. Brian our server was attentive friendly and kind. Things changed when our food came. We ordered the blackened catfish po boy. The flavor was there but the portion was far from it. I feel like we paid more for bread than we did for the fish with no other topping. The cat fish filet barely filled up half the roll and for 10 bucks was not worth out money or time. At best this is a tourist trap with a great location. The owner or manager I met inside seemed too quick to brag about his yelp, trip advisor and urban spoon ratings. I've worked in restaurants for almost 10 yrs now and the overall vibe I felt was one of skimping as much as possible from ingredients and over head to increase revenue as much as possible while loosing the soul and integrity of New Orleans food. PLEASE DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR HARD EARNED MONEY! Girlfriend disclaimer: food was good and employees were friendly, potions were way off, if the food was 5 bucks it would be more worth it.If you truly want authentic New Orleans dining experience in the French Quarter, this is the place to go. Cool atmosphere, friendly staff. The daily specials are always well put together. The blackened Catfish Jambalaya is one of my favorite dishes in the city. If you are looking to avoid a tourist trap in the Quarter, THIS is the place to visit!!!We were not looking for anything out of the ordinary when we stopped here for breakfast. This was going to be our last major meal in the French Quarter. Although we were very pleased with our restaurant selection and the food we ate so far. We were looking for standards this morning. That is exactly what we found here.
I ordered a seafood omelet. It came with potatoes and toast and it was solid. There was nothing super spectacular about it but we were not looking to be wowed this morning. This place served us decent food at a decent price with friendly service. The restaurant had you typical-for-the-area quirky decor. If you are in the area and are looking for something standard, than this place will do the trick just fine!This place is very clean and the food is pretty good  the parking is not to hot and it's new orleans the bathroom needs repairs and clean on a scale from one to ten I give the spot a seven the waiter are awesome very friendly and the coffee is hotFound out why the Magnolia Grill has the BEST Bloody Mary in New Orleans. Our server, Lacy really showed us what Southern hospitality was all about! Thank you for the awesome experience!Superior in every way.  The best red beans and rice ever.  Blackened red fish is excellent.This place was as fabulous as Steven from City Sega described! We all got the Cajun platter. It isn't on menu so ask for it. You get a sampling of étouffée, red beans & rice, and jambalaya. It was all delicious! And the hurricane was wonderful! And....it was reasonable priced! Bonus!!! A must visit spot.If you are looking for a place with great service and possibly one of the best burgers known to the human race then look no further.  Wait, you're saying you went to a diner in NOLA and ordered a burger?  Yes, I am.  
I came here on a recommendation from a friend that I snag a burger at the Magnolia Grill and my friend was so right!  Juicy and cooked to perfection, the apex of the simple things done exceptionally well. The fries were good too.  My wife had the breakfast po' boy and she loved it!  We added a couple rounds of mimosas to round out our brunch and it was perfection.  Joe was our server. He was friendly, chatted but also gave us our space to enjoy and even suggested a couple other places to check out for live music.  Gene was on the grill...I made sure to seek him out and say thanks for the memorable meal!  
Word on the street is that the Magnolia may be changing names soon to better reflect their diner theme (Mel's Diner??), but I hope the menu doesn't change.While in Nawlins celebrating the Big 5-0, the BFF and I has signed up for a tour, the meeting place was THE MAGNOLIA GRILL since we got up early and needed to fuel up prior to the early tour, we decided to have breakfast at the Magnolia Grill, and it was a great decision, the staff was very friendly, it was pretty empty due to the early hour, I had pain perdu, with some great sides, I was a bit disappointed in the pain perdu itself in that it wasn't 'cooked' enough for me, guess I'm so used to the Yankee version of French Toast, however, the portions were generous and everything else on the plate was delish, ham (not salty at all!) grits/biscuit, and great coffee! Plus since we booked our tour, we received a 10% discount on our bill and received another coupon for another meal there.. Nice place, very affordable and a varied menu!Magnolia Grill is a must if you're passing through the French Market and need somewhere to stop for a quick bite.  The service is great, and it's a fun environment.  The red beans are a must along with the oreo shake.  I can't walk pass the grill without getting myself an oreo shake! :) I've eaten at the grill several times and have never had a bad experience.I discovered this place through a coupon in the Entertainment Book. We were greeted immediately and the wait service was good for the entire visit. We both ordered burgers and they were pretty good  cooked to order. I do have some questions about their food preparation and handling. I observed an employee standing behind the bar and drinking directly from a blender that is used to mix drinks on several occasions, and continuing to use it after it was contaminated. I was also overcharged for my burger, a dollar over menu price.We were planning on having breakfast one morning at this small cafe/coffee shop in the French Quarter when we discovered that the cafe was closed because they were filming a movie there.  So, we decided to stroll further into the French Quarter to find someplace else.  The next place we stumbled upon was Magnolia Grill.  The entrance didn't look too impressive, but once we peeked inside, we realized that it was actually a pretty cool-looking place.  It was styled like a diner.  It was also very clean and we liked the authentic old brick walls.  
The breakfast menu was pretty extensive, too, and offered a lot more choices than other breakfast places we had visited earlier in the week throughout the French Quarter.  We all had enjoyable breakfast entrees (mine was an omelette) and had great service.  It's definitely someplace we'd return to if we took another trip to New Orleans.Decent place, good location for people watching, okay food. I had the crab cake and it was very yummy, and I also got a daiquiri, which was much better than I expected. Overall, I would return for the prices, location and staff (the waiter was very nice).I only give it a 3 star because we ate breakfast and I am not a big breakfast eater. when I go back I will try lunch time because I hear its pretty good. I wish they had more to offer for breakfast. For some reason I got chocolate chop pancakes and just thinking about them right now makes me hungry. They were pretty good, REALLY sweet.. so much in fact that when we got to our next stop at Haydels Bakery for a king cake, I swear I could smell the sugar in the air and it made me quizzy. They were good though lol.The market across the street has some decent food too and a great place for vegans! (im not vegan but that doesn't meant I don't like the food). The waiter was a character and everyone was really nice. Clean place, I say go here if your in the area and hungry or walk across the street to the market.We entered on the "back side", the market side, because we were searching for food late on Thanksgiving evening.  So glad we found the Magnolia.  Fried chicken was a special, as well as turkey and gravy.  We tried both, and were happy.First thing we saw was a giant roach crawling on the liquor bottles. Less than a minute later, I saw a customer receive a drink with liquor mixed from one of said bottles. I literally gagged. 
Then our waiter told us we couldn't order breakfast when the table next to us was allowed to order breakfast 5 minutes after we asked. Don't waste your $$!this time we went to magnolia grill for dinner instead of lunch.  we got the catfish platter with a bowl of gumbo.  gumbo had a lot of flavor but the catfish was not completely cooked.  again i think it was because of a different cook.  they have also changed there breading of the seafood, but i will say our server was top notch.If you went to New Orleans and did not eat here, you missed the greatest eatery in the French Quarters. This place was great. I was in  the Big Easy for 8 days and I ate here 5 times. From the huge seafood platter, to the blackened  " red fish" covered with crawfish , to the gumbo, and no doubt the "Gator " was th best. Mac the chef is the man! He did his thing, no doubt he is the man. Took several people back with me each time and never had a bad experience, everyone that went said , this will be a must when in the "Big Easy"  boy, I sure could use a crab cake, some gator and a price of catfish, " Where u at MAC"  you guys are the best!I am a Native but I live in California. So, whenever I go back home- I stop in here. The prices are dirt cheap and the food/service is Amazing. The people are warm and kind and they joke and tease with the customers. I have only had breakfast here, it is not a fancy/overpriced place, but it is a wonderful place.We got the waffle which was very thin, but decent (7 out of 10).  We also got the banana pecan pancakes. (8 out of 10)  I got the country breakfast.  (8 out of 10).  
What drew us here was that the menu said maple syrup as though it were real maple syrup.  But it was the corn syrup stuff that you get anywhere.  I am from the midwest and we always use real maple syrup from a tree.  Once you have that you really can't eat the other stuff.The food was just okay as was the service. The loaded fries were delivered without sour cream or chives (as described on the menu) and a small portion.  The table next to us had the sevond person's meal delivered 10 minutes after the first.  Not a good choice.Delicious and a dog friendly patio for those kicked out of the French Market like me for my canine baby. Great service!My husband and I went here recently while visiting my family. 
Our waiter was awesome. Quick and friendly. 
We both got french toast. It could have been cooked a little long in my opinion, but was still very tastey. The food came quickly even though they were starting to get busy. 
I for sure will be back again.Loved this place, again the staff and the food was wonderful.  Had a seafood platter with about 10 oysters, a dozen shrimp, tons of catfish, crab cake and fries.  More than enough food for 2.  The gumbo was just ok but for under $20.00 u could not beat it.Christina is great! Very friendly, helpful and funny. Food was great and the inside is wicked cute. New Orleans meets 1950s diner.On a recent trip to NOLA we stopped in at Magnolia Grill for lunch.  The setting was like a diner.  We choose to sit at the bar so we could watch the kitchen run, something I like to do when given the opportunity.  The chef made conversation with us as he cooked and asked us about the food after we dug in.  We actually ate here twice on our 4 day trip.  The first time I had the muffaletta and he had the Ruben.  Both were great.  Jon's favorite dish the entire trip was actually the Ruben.  While there eating our sandwiches, I saw them prepare some French toast.  I had to come back from breakfast another day for breakfast.  So we did.  I had the French toast breakfast that came with eggs and 2 meats.  I kind of wanted an omelet as well, so they just added mushrooms to my eggs per my request for no extra charge.  It was so much food, and had to one my favorite meals while there.
The reason they are getting 4 stars instead of 5 is because of one of the waitresses.  She was bickering at the cooks constantly.  She was grabbing food on the plates with her hands, which I did not see her wash before she did that.  She was just unprofessional, and I was glad she wasn't our waitress.  Had we been sitting at a table instead of the bar, we probably wouldn't have been privy to this insight.  However, it bugged me.
All in all, the food was excellent and the atmosphere enjoyable.Great place and atmosphere, friendly service and good food, conveniently located next to the French Market.My meal was mediocre. I ordered the fish poboy. It was served with two slices of french bread. It wasn't like a sandwich though, it was more like a big fish fillet, with two pieces of bread. We also ordered a BLT which was "good" our fries were both soggy.So Halloween night, I decided to go tripping around the French Quarters in one of my rare moments in that area.  If there isn't a good concert, I don't set foot in there and avoid the rift raft altogether.  After spending a half hour trying to find cheap parking (just went with a 30 dollar lot) and having to dive through swarms of people in passable party city costumes, I caught up with my friends at Magnolia Grill.  You may have seen us (Zombie,Cobra Commander, and Sexy Librarian).
I have to say, they have some steep prices!  So I went for whatever was the biggest bang for my buck and got a big ass muffalatta.  The guy who took my order was a bit sluggish, the cook however was cool as ice.  Man was he pissed though!  In any case,  he did a good job so I dropped a nice tip on him and we were off to the next location!Ate here twice on our visit. Staff is friendly and food is good, especially when you just want an easy going meal. Who doesn't love breakfast all day!We ate here for breakfast. I had the seafood omelet, daughter had the pancake breakfast. It came with 3 pancakes and a choice of sausage patties or bacon.  She had the sausage, it was fine. The omelet comes with hash browns which were crispy and delicious. It wasn't too pricey, $20.00 for both entrees.My friend and I were looking for some good Cajun food after walking around the Quarter most of Friday morning when we came upon Magnolia. The manager (?) was outside and invited us in, so we thought we'd give it a try.  We were glad we did!  
I had jambalaya; he had the crawfish etoufee.  We also tried a crabcake for an appetizer.  Both entrees were very good and came with some awesome cornbread.  
In fact, we liked our food so much that we went back for lunch (we both had etoufee) Monday before heading home to Dallas.  Another of our friends had the pan perdu - it was amazing!  We also loved the gator sausage...it's awesome!
Overall, this is a great little bar and restaurant, and it's convenient.  While I agree with someone above who said it's not exactly a destination eatery, it is definitely worth a visit (or two) during your stay in NOLA!Simply put: They make the best reuben sandwich I have ever had. And then make an even better version called the Magnolia! Go, and go often!
We now stop in here for lunch at least once a visit. We usually have to order the Magnolia they lately we have been splitting dishes to try some new things. Everything is what you would expect from a counter service flat top grill. Oh, and they have a full bar to keep the good times rolling through lunch.Nice diner near the French market with delicious breakfast and lunch items, good margaritas, attentive and rapid service, etc. A step above the average diner.This place was amazing!  We were greeted with open arms as soon as we walked in the door.  Truly a place that cares about their customers.  The Bloody Mary's were made with a lot of LOVE!  We had a good breakfast here also. We will be back whenever we are back in New Orleans!A touristy spot conveniently located across from The French Market.  Definitely a greasy spoon type dive, so just go in with average expectations, and you won't be dissapointed.
We stopped here twice during our most recent visit.  The first time just for mimosas on Christmas morning-for such a party town, almost every bar was closed, so it was surpringly hard to find a cocktail.  Fortunately Magnolia was open, and we had a tasty holiday beverage in no time.
We also had breakfast here our last morning in town. A long day of travel ahead of us meant a more substantial starter than beignets was needed.  Enter the flattop cook who knew exactly how to make fried eggs, hash browns, and pancakes. They even gave me some soft pumpkin cream cheese to spread on my pancakes-yum!
Service was a bit slow for breakfast in that we finally had to go to the register just to get our bill, but when you're in the mood for morning cocktails, and/or a no frills breakfast, Magnolia Grill delivers.The food was ok  the service was ok. I ask for my beer with my meal but it came out first. then my food sat in a window for 5 minutes. If you like cold fries you hit the jack pot here. Do not watch the food handling procedures cause you will walk out. My two cents is just do not eat at 90% of the places on or near Bourbon street.3.5 almost 4 star.  
We had the fried chicken special $7.99 for 3 big pieces and jambalaya.  I also ordered a side of red beans and rice.  This was definitely enough for 2 people.  The chicken was fried fresh, could use a little more spice, but it was good.  The sides were full of flavor, the jambalaya actually comes with chicken, andouille, and crawfish, but husband can't have shellfish. They were hot and not too thick or thin.  I would go back just for a full version of the sides.  So far the sides were the best we've had since arriving and service was good.   We left for under $20, which is amazing in this city.I never leave reviews. Wow. Get the sausage biscuits and gravy. The milkshakes are great too. Super happy with this place. Don't expect greatness, just expect a higher level diner and you'll be greatThis place is awesome, my server Jason was phenomenal, I told him what I like, he recommended my meal, the seafood platter and side cup of gumbo were perfect. Thanks Jason for an awesome experience ! ! ! !Bloody Mary was great but service was horrible..... We can in sat down ordered then had people next to us and after us receive their food so we ended up canceling our order and walking out. I do not recommend this place and think it's horrible that they can take advantage if tourist.While walking around the French quarter! we decided to stop and have a late morning breakfast at the Magnolia Grill. By the time we were nearly finished, with our alleged breakfast, we might have begun our search for an early dinner, except for the fact that poorly presented food was laying like cannon ball weights in our bloated but undernourish stomachs. If you must stop here, stick with very basic items like an egg omelette and you might be lucky enough to only regret the extreme waste of time (there is lots of wait staff, they just don't seem to be moving very fast - if at all) venture past the basics and you'll have indigestion for the rest of the day.The place looks different now from the pictures posted. It now looks more like a 50s Diner. Too bad, that didn't help the taste of the food. And, man was this place super overpriced for what you got!
I ordered a Blackened Chicken Sandwich and my boyfriend ordered a Cheeseburger. Should be easy, right? Not so much. We both don't eat seafood and unfortunately, our french fries tasted like deep-friend shrimp. Not only that, my Chicken tasted like shrimp as well! Gross!
As for my boyfriend's Cheeseburger, they placed shredded cheese on the patty....cold! There were 2 other guests in the nearly-empty restaurant yet they didn't have the time to melt the cheese. It was not tasty at all, we could've made a better burger over a hobo's fired-up trashcan.
We also ordered alcoholic drinks (i.e., jack and cokes) which were watered down. And the service was slow. Again, surprising in a nearly-empty restaurant.
This was not only our worst meal in New Orleans, but one of the worst meals we have ever had, period.I am writing while at the table. This is the worst restaurant I've ever eaten at.
-5 minute wait for the bathroom
-urine smell pervades the establishment
-mediocre sort shell crab burger ($10.99)
-mediocte bowl of gumbo, what little of it there was in a "bowl" ($7.99)
-the deep fried gator skewer was tough and rare ($9.99)
"Welcome to Nola!"
"I want to go home. Because I'm hungry."Based on the reviews, I was actually a little hesitant to try this place..but since we were in the area for the Zydeco festival and were hungry, we decided to give it a try.
Our waiter was fantastic. Since we were already hot and sweaty from treking to the fest, he ended up taking my glass for a refill every time he walked by the table (Which, since he was one of those waiters who actually try, was about 6 times). 
The bacon was good. Thick cut, well cooked and flavorful. Not like the bulk Sysco rejects many places go for. The biscuits and gravy were good enough for the girly to eat and enjoy (She doesn't like gravy usually. YES, I know she's too picky, but she's cute so I deal).
The hash browns, unlike NOSH's, were actually hash browns. Nicely cooked. The sausage was standard and the pancakes had a bit of cinnamon in them. Really quite nice.
We didn't have any coffee or grits so can't speak on how those are.
The ambiance, despite what one reviewer claimed, was quite simple but nice and comfortable. It made us almost want to live in our old neighborhood again...almost. 
Clean dining area. Didn't see the bathrooms. Watched the cooks do their thing and couldn't find a single fault with their methods...and if you read my Sante Fe review, you would know I take cleanliness VERY seriously in restaurants. 
So we both ate for 20 bucks and both feel it was worth it. 
I won't give this place 5 stars until I eat here again, but it may be worthy...again, something I don't give easily.Alexandta and I obviously traveled together!  The short of it:
Poor service, but not horrible.
The worst hash browns ever.  The texture was like over cooked noodles
Descent pancake, but not the one I ordered.
Okay omelet, but nothing special.
Overpriced
The kitchen is open so, you can watch your food sit on the counter while you server ignores you.The people that are giving this place 4 and 5 stars are either employees, liars, retarded, or all three. We ate there at 5pm on a Friday night and it was dead save for three hairy drunk gentlemen at the bar and 5 employees shooting the shit. I know, I know, we're dumb. Place is filthy. The floors, counters and kitchen area have visible filth on every surface. We ordered before we noticed it. We got a catfish po'boy and jambalaya. The cook didn't know what jambalaya was until the other cook pointed it out in a pot that was sitting on the stove over heat for god-knows-how long. He threw my fries into cold oil then turned on the heat. The fish was WAY undercooked. It was still cold in the middle despite having sat under a heat lamp for 8 minutes while the jambalaya was reheated. The jambalaya was reheated to an almost-luke warm and served with two pieces of untoasted, plain white bread. I sent my fish back to be cooked and my date poked at her mediocre jambalaya. When my sandwich came back it was cooked through but the bun was now chewy in a microwaved sort of way and the fries were ice cold. I  took a few bites because, frankly, we felt sorry for the staff and then paid and left. My stomach was out-of-sorts for the rest of the day. Avoid at all cost. BAD BAD BAD news all around.Not sure what constitutes "touristy" as in many reviews, but we really liked it.  Grilled redfish was great, as was the fried shrimp. Even the pickles were tasty! Would go back again! Beer was frosty and service goodI love this place! After moving to new Orleans from southwest louisiana, this has become one of my favorite weekend spots. The service is amazing and the food reminds me of my grandmothers Cajun cooking! It is a must while you're visiting the French Quarter!Sometimes you just want an egg and hashbrowns and coffee.   We had been on an ongoing quest to eat everything in the city, so this was a welcome stop of normalcy.  Good bloody marys, not so great service.