Everything I've eaten here is excellent. Small but lovely setting especially if you can grab a table downstairs or nice enough to sit outside.Awesome.  Go here!  Fine craft cocktails.  Awesome small plates. Lilly from Eugene is a master of cocktails.Great little Cuban place in the Quarter. We stopped in for drinks and appetizers and everything we had was so flavorful and delicious! The cocktails are all handcrafted down to the soda mixers (like sprite/coke). The coconut milk flan was hands down the best flan any of us have ever tasted. Will definitely be back when in town.Would return here in a heartbeat.  The drinks were well made, especially the mojitos.  The food was very tasty.  The bar tenders both nights were very friendly and happy to chat about NOLA and whatever else.Had dinner here last night and was pleasantly surprised and impressed. You can miss this tiny place if you're not careful. It doesn't have much of a sign but they won't need one once the word gets out. I had the Floridita daiquiri and it rivals one I had in Cuba. All of the cocktails were top notch and the food was exceptional. The Cuban sandwich is to die for. The Ropa Vieja Arepas (translates to "old clothes ")was the best I've ever had. Just go there and order "the old clothes " and see what they say!
Nice and casual. Don't miss it.This charming hole in the wall is run by the best mixologist in town.  Their blended drinks are perfectly balanced, not full of sugar.  The "Zazerac" is phenomenal.  We ate arepas and fried chic peas while listening to a patron swap "chef" stories with Konrad the bartender.  Exceptional cocktails and small plates!Absolutely delicious Cuban sandwich, ropa vieja arepas, and coconut flan! We are planning on coming back again during our short trip to New Orleans. Who would have thought our favorite place here would be Cuban food?!Mojito, Cuban, beans and rice, and pickles. Everything was great at this place. It's cozy and enjoyable.Viva Cuba! - Cuba lives in between the walls of Manolito --  if you are fortunate enough to find this little gem in the French Quarter, you are muy suerte indeed. I know Manolito is in the Quarter, but I promise you, it's not a tourist trap. In fact, it's anything but. Konrad, Maggie, Josephine and company represent the absolute best of southern hospitality and are seriously some of the most talented bartenders in the city. The mojitos and hand-shaken daiquiris do not "rival" those in Cuba and Floridita, they surpass them - you will not find better in New Orleans.  And let's talk about that Cuban sandwich. Y'all... It. Is. Everything. I cannot say enough about the charm of Manolito, other than that I feel all sorts of happy that I live close enough to this darling little spot to call myself a regular.The tiniest most adorable spot! Vibe and flavors straight from Cuba (named after Bar Floridita's longtime manager who died in a car accident - the restaurant owners actually got permission from the family to name their place after him). Order the mint dacquiri for an herb garden explosion in your mouth and DO NOT miss the ceviche. Divine.Chiquito pero picoso... absolutamente delicioso, pedimos ceviche de camarón, croquetas y torta cubana, los tres estuvieron para chuparse los dedos. Favorablemente recomendableAmazing, amazing, amazing! The marinated olives were so delicious as were the croquetas. You may not think of Cuban food when you come to New Orleans but this place is truly not to be missed! I had the Cuban sandwich for my entree and it was scrumptious. Great ambiance and an awesome, friendly staff! Last but certainly not least, the cocktails! I highly recommend the Hurricane!
And don't forget the flan!!Drinks were excellent. Great service from Rachel. Thanks for making our night enjoyable.What a gem! Everything was absolutely delicious and the mojitos were perfect! I will return for the Cuban sandwich many more times in the future!Excellent drinks.  Cool vibe.  Neat change of pace.  Super small and quaint. Cool waitress.Great food. Charming staff. Not too big. Delicious Daquiris (fresh and not sugary Sweet). What more could you ask for?Just came back from a late lunch. I'm torn between a glowing review and saying nothing to keep this a somewhat hidden gem. We love great cocktails and I'm happy to report that ours were excellent! If we didn't have other obligations we might have stayed longer to sample as much of the cocktail menu as possible.
We also had a couple of food items that were both delicious and complemented our cocktails perfectly.
Our server was excellent and helped us decide on our selections. Great advice!
The place is very small and a little out of the way, but for all of you that stop to look in, don't hesitate; go in. It will be one of the best choices you make while in New Orleans!Absolute gem - great fresh food in a quaint delightful tropical space. The space is small and the mojitos are perfect.Our group was looking for an escape just off Jackson Square and randomly wandered into this little paradise.  What a great find! Best cocktails of the trip! The server was amazing and welcoming and told us all sorts of local places to go.  Felt like we were sitting in Cuba. Highly recommend!Stopped by this tiny restaurant after walking our way through the French Quarter on an evening ghost tour.  We ended up being seated in the dining area upstairs and our server was engaged and made great recommendations throughout our time there.  I ended up trying the Cuban and it rivaled others I've had in my hometown, which is where they originated.  The food selection wasn't as great as I'd have liked, but what they did have, they did well.A local friend recommend this place, and it was such a treat! We got a black bean soup, ceviche, and Cuban sandwich and loved them all. To top it off, the people who work there are super friendly! They helped us figure out a fabulous plan for finding great jazz later that evening, and their service was fast, so we even made an 8pm show!This place came highly recommended to us and for good reason. Cocktails, atmosphere, staff, snacks all left an awesome impression on our group - we ended up going again the next evening! Great location to start the night!I am not a huge fan of Yelp, and don't leave reviews, but, that said, these guys are doing an amazing job. They run thir butts off amd create delicious food and cocktails out of a small space. Kudos.Even though they had no tostones (had crackers that looked like tostones in the low light smdh), the Cuban sandwich was so good that I can overlook the toston fiasco.Great spot for an authentic Cuban sandwich.  Just like all the great Cuban restaurants.  Small and unassuming.  Wished they had bistec de palomilla!Great little restaurant. Ropa Vieja meal for two was a bit small to be an entree for two on its own, but was delicious and cheap enough to easily add an appetizerAmazing drinks and friendly staff! One of the best daiquiris ever! Try the croquetas too, I'm South American and I think it was really good!Love Manolito! Staff are all fantastic...Andrea, Rachel, Konrad & Josephine,  all friendly & great to hang out at the bar with. We tried most of the drink menu - we each had our favorite (great mojitos!) but overall they were amazing. Food was great, loved the Cubanos.Sweet, cozy little bar with tiny seating upstairs. Romantic with lovely coups just waiting for your favorite Havana-style cocktails. Worth a visit while in NOLA.Charming hole-in-the-wall with loads of atmosphere. Server charmingly accommodated my students and I on a very busy Saturday. Shrimp Ceviche was excellent, as were the croquettes. Pesto dipping sauce was awesome. We considered this a real find and plan to return.it's lit. bomb food and cozy space, they don't make you throw your drink away. learn from my mistakeWe stepped into Msnolito for a bite to eat and a drink on a warm, sunny afternoon in the Quarter. It was a wonderful experience. The Cuban sandwich was truly amazing, hearty and flavorful without being too filling. 
The service was wonderful, welcoming and accommodating. I asked for a Bailey's and coffee for a pick-me-up. They don't have Bailey's, but the server brought me a "science experiment" that was delicious in its own right: a Cuban espresso with little shots of cream. dark plantation rum and coffee liqueur. It was basically a Cubsn version of an Irish coffee. I highly recommend it. You're always only a few feet away from a great restaurant/bar or a one-of-a-kind experience in New Orleans. Manolito is both.Amazing spot! Love it. The cocktails are amazing. The feel is authentic. There are few spots that I still love in the Quarter but this one is legit. I once had the Cuban sandwich and it was awesome. I've had pretty much every damn cocktail on the menu and they were all fantastic. It reminds you of the olden Quarter... Where undiscovered gems were the norm. Love this jernt. My first Yelp review. Well deserved!We visited Manolito twice during the six days we were in NOLA. And we greatly enjoyed each visit.  The waitstaff was friendly and efficient. Every drink was top notch.I loved this place! Small place with amazing food and great service. We had the shrimp ceviche which was really delicious. It had a flavor profile that was different than the ceviche I've had before. A nice blend of acid, citrus and sweet flavors with a side of fresh plantain chips and seasoned crackers. Next came an empanada... WOW! Light, flaky and buttery crust with a Piccadillo filing that was amazing. Topped it off with a cubano that was delicious. The bread was done perfectly and the meat was just right.I'm a 35 year F&B professional. I hope that the lauded bartender/owner is taking note. Staff and bartender never looked my girlfriend and me in the face. Not once. My Hemingway daiquiri was maraschino-forward to its detriment and her Margarita was extremely tart.  We'll give it another try, with the same cocktails , this time in the dining room.Loves it. It's not cheap, but you pay for sophisticated food, a lovely atmosphere, and attentive service.Tiny place with great food! Nice find in the French Quarter for something other than tourist food or southern fried seafood. Made to order so it's fresh and flavorful.Update! Second visit with an out of town friend. This time the server was fantastic. Engaging, personable, and a great guide to the menu and it's history. The El Presidente cocktails were so good that we talked the next table into ordering them.  I'll be back for the food, the drinks, and for the pleasure of the company of our server.My son and I stopped in here for lunch as soon as they open at 11 AM. I was not prepared for how delicious the food would be. We had ropa vieja and arepas, along with Cuban coffee. This place is comfortable, casual, and personal. I can't wait to go back!I found the place on yelp and was not disappointed.  Tiny spot, nice staff, a neighborhood stapleThis is the best food I've ever had in New Orleans, and some of the best Cuban food I've tried!
I'm sure you've had those moments in life where you've sat at a dinner table going "mmm this is so damn good!" (If you haven't, you're either very healthy or not living.) If you can relate to my fat ass, then you'll know that THAT'S the feeling you can expect when you eat here!
All of the food we ordered was excellent: the croquettas were perfectly fried and flavorful, paired up with a garlic/chimichurri type of sauce. The cheese arepa was both crunchy and gooey in all the right ways. Finally, the ropa vieja was super juicy and served piping hot- it tasted like some of the best I've had in Cuba!
The drinks were strong enough to get us buzzed but also tasted great. I had a mojito and tried a sip of the daiquiri. Order the prior if you want something stronger, the latter if you like sugar.
Finally, the place itself was really charming- a nice plate for a casual date night or just any occasion you want to scarf down delicious Cuban food. Despite other restaurants having a TWO hour wait time (cough Cafe Amelie at 150 min) we also walked right in on a Saturday at 7:30pm and didn't wait at all to be seated and order. Heaven. If you want super friendly service, delicious food, and some rum drinks to wash it down, you'd better get your ass to this spot before it gets more popular and overrun!Wow! I stopped by late on a weekday to this cozy spot and grabbed one of the few seats a the bar. 
I wish I still had room for food but it was not to be. However the drinks were stunning. One of our group was not feeling so great after an earlier misstep with some extremely salty food. So our lovely bartender fixed him up with a non-booze stomach soothing option.
The drinks were amazing and the staff here is great! Sitting at the bar, I had a great view of the kitchen and they were hustling!
Definitely need to stop back and get dinner next time.Thank you to my fellow helpers, who helped me find this place.  I was surprised at how tiny it is, the bar has 5 seats and 2 tables, up stairs had 5 tables.   We walked in and there were 2 seats at the bar.  They have a very interesting cocktail menu, we decided on the margarita & El Presidente.  I highly recommend the El Presidente.  Our bartender was fun to watch make the drinks.   We tried the Ropa Vieja Arepas, it was absolutely delicious.  I would give this night 5 stars.    
     Found ourselves on the same street the next night and decided to pop in for a cocktail and a Cuban sandwich, because it looked good the night before.   The drinks were great! Unfortunately, our Cuban sandwich was not, the bread tasted stale, it was extremely dry and crumbling all over the plate.   It definitely doesn't look that way in other peoples photos.  I did not get a photo, but that was our experience.  So I gave my review of this place 4 stars, drinks are great, the staff is super friendly.  I believe the food is good, but we got a bad sandwich.   Definitely a place worth visiting.Belated review for our favorite stop during our trip in May. We were just on the verge of getting hangry in the French Quarter - didn't feel like getting stuck in a tourist trap without our local friend to guide us, but we needed to eat somewhere SOON. This was a lucky Yelp pick and such a romantic and honestly delightful experience.
Our waitress must have been working hard all evening yet when we showed up in the late evening she was sparkly and sunny and so excited for us to have a great time. It's hard to keep that up if it's fake so she's either the best actress ever or a genuinely sweet person (I'm feeling the second). She had lovely suggestions for us. Every cocktail we tried through the night was amazing, but my favorite was the Floridita Daiquiri, which she recommended. And the food was memorable, flavorful, and unlike anything else we had during our stay in New Orleans (a city of fantastic food). Definitely get the arepas and the ceviche. YUM.
As it got quieter and we had the tiny balcony to ourselves, the Cuban music inspired us to get up and dance. Our waitress cheered us on but also let us be to enjoy the moment. It was perfect.
A sweet surprise in the French Quarter. Please support this new gem and have a chat with the friendly and hardworking staff! We look forward to coming back next time we visit New Orleans.Incredible find- Cubano and basque cheese were excellent. The blended cocktails were also refreshing and light!Amazing.
I think this is my new favorite place in New Orleans.  The food is unreal.  The croquettes and arepas make me so happy. I love this food so much. The drinks are also delicious.  Been here twice in the last week and it's been worth every penny and moment of my time. Told myself I'd overstuff so I would get over it and not come back. Don't think that's gonna work because I overstuffed myself tonight and am already thinking about when I can come back next weekBest daiquiri I've ever had. Not frozen, the real kind. Plus a Lime Leaf Daquiri that was also amazing. Bartender Josephine was amazing, nice, and a great listener. Love this place!!!  Delicious twists on Caribbean cocktails, and unique runs that you don't find just anywhere. 
Ropa Vieja was good but could've used more salt.Excellent food flavor and sazon. Ropa vieja it's  the best. Excellent service. Great cafecito!I had the pleasure of dining here a few months back and enjoyed every bite. I  had a spicy chicken dish, and really good bread. I believe I had plantains cooked  perfectly, the beans and rice were really tasty . Lily makes the best mojito in New Orleans!Tiny place, but great food and delicious, authentic cocktails!
Must have the Ropa Vieja Arepas! Lilly was such a friendly and nice bartender. Can't wait to visit again next time I'm in town!I'm not a big fan of Cuban food but came here with friends & LOVED my meal.  The black bean soup was wonderful and the banana fritters were amazing.  My favorite meal for the3 days I was in NOLA.Best Cuban sandwich in New Orleans. 
The Bywater might be the best cocktail in New Orleans.
Anyone who doesn't like this place should have their driver's license suspended, and be forced to eat dog food for the rest of their lives.I was wandering around solo on a trip to New Orleans and decided to take myself on a little date when I saw the warm light coming out of Manolito. I'm so glad I did! 
This place is tiny but the ambiance is fantastic. I got a little table upstairs looking down at the bar, and I ordered a cubano and a cocktail. I usually shy away from rum but got the guava drink on my server's recommendation. Everything was delicious. 
I try not to eat at the same place twice when I travel but this place is testing my resolve. I think I'll go back before I leave town.Manilito is my new favorite work-break-haunt!  Konrad's cocktails are like surrealism in a coupe and Josephine (the pretty one with the short blonde hair) is quite possibly the sweetest bartender I've ever had the pleasure of interacting with (other than "Craig" at Sake ha).  I'd recommend a cocktail or a dish but honestly every last thing I've tried so far has been write-your-mamma-worthy.  
However, if it's hot, out the icy minty daiquiri thing is the bee's knees.Warm & cozy ambiance. We sat up on the balcony. Crispy chickpeas and pork arepas were amazing. As well as the daiquiri de mente (think frozen mojito).Just discovered this place and I'm loving it! We will be back again soon for that amazing Cuban sandwich and some cocktails! The ambience is so cool and we sat downstairs by the bar near the window. Great people watching!  Loved the place, the food & drinks and staff! Will be returning soon!Wow! So impressed with this little restaurant. The staff could not have been better. Just friendly, old fashioned, courteous service that seemed very genuine. Excellent cocktails!! Great food. So glad we stumbled on the place when we were desperate for late night food.Amazing. So so authentic. Waitress was great with awesome tourist tips. Mojito was to die for. Not busy either which was nice. This place is the spot if you want some true authentic food.Loved this place. Cute, quaint little spot with amazing food and coctails. The croquetas and the guava daquari are to die for.Delicious and fresh mojoitos. We had the bean soup, ceviche, Cuban, and the Ropa Vieja, all very good.  Very cool atmosphere and reasonable prices.Small but mighty! There's so much character and authenticity packed into this tiny space. We visited just before Mardi Gras this year, so we tried King Cake Daiquiris. They were delicious without being overly sweet. We loved that the host brought us complimentary slices of king cake as well! All the other drinks we saw looked great. Can't wait to return on my next trip in a few weeks!The Floridita is refreshing and delicious. YOU HAVE TO HAVE THE CRISPY CHICKPEAS. Trust me. They are amazing. The restaurant is small but welcoming and the staff is very nice. Great place!We popped in for a couple of drinks and some snacks. This little place is a welcome break from the usual hustle and bustle of the French Quarter.
We split some croquetas and an arepa. Our food arrived quickly and was delicious.
The drinks were a highlight. They were made with care and were well balanced and refreshing.
The staff was friendly and engaging.Y'all nailed it with this place, but that's no surprise given your talent.  We absolutely loved it. We had The Floridita and a classic daiquiri. For food, the chick peas are to die for as is the cuban sandwich and the tortilla española.
Immediately upon entry, the atmosphere is inviting and you instantly feel as if you could be in Cuba. Our server, greeted us at the door and kept up with the busy scene. Thank you Andrea, we will be back for sure.
The first floor was a buzz with talk of how great the cocktails are and how they are mixed, Cuban style.
If I lived next door, this would be my everyday place, thankfully I'm only a mile away!Excellent service and laid back environment!
Upon looking at the near flawless Yelp reviews for Manolito, I decided to stop by this restaurant on my first trip in New Orleans. 
Located in French quarter near the water, the restaurant spans two floor but looks fairly small from the outside. Since parking is fairly limited at French quarter, I would recommend either taking an Uber or walking there. 
This restaurant is known for its extensive drink menu and good service. The regular food menu is fairly limited but you can get good Cuban sandwich or ceviche there. 
For entrée, I ordered the shrimp ceviche. The sauce was tangy and delicious and it had good amount of shrimp. Since I am a pescatarian, there wasn't a lot of other choices on the menu. Therefore, I would recommend this restaurant mostly for drinks and small bites only. For drinks, my fiancée ordered the mint cocktail and he said it was one of the best he tasted. I don't drink alcohol but got a sip and was impressed with the refreshing mint within the drink. 
As for the service, our waiter was very attentive and food was served quickly. If you are hungry, I would recommend going to other places for regular dinner and come to this place only for drinks. 
Overall, a hidden Cuban gem in New Orleans!Loved this tiny place. Great food, cocktails and service! It was slow on a Wednesday night so the waiter was able to spend lots of time going over rums with my husband and cocktails with me. He also made great menu recommendations. It was the best ceviche I've ever had & the first time I've ever begged for a recipe. I will go here if I'm in town again for sure. It was the perfect start to our trip!We stopped in last night while visiting NOLA and let me just say, this place is a gem! If you are looking for something small, intimate, and local with phenomenal drinks, look no further! The bartender, Cass, was super talented and a great hang and gave us a list of other local places to check out. We will definitely be telling everyone to come here!Start with the deviled eggs!!! You will be delighted!! I kid you not! They are epic!!
The family style ropa vieja was amazing. I would definitely order it again (and bring friends to share!). The service was also great. We would definitely return here againComfy spot with authentic cocktails & amazing food. Had a great lunch with perfect strangers-the staff was friendly & accommodating. Highly recommended by frequent NOLA visitors.Stopped in for cocktails and were not disappointed.   Both bartenders were great, and they and the owner were a lot of fun to chat with.  If you can't be happy and enjoy a stop in here, in this environment, with these people and drinks, you aren't going to anywhere.If you enjoy eating food and drinking alcohol, go to Manolito. If you enjoy eating Cuban food and drinking specialty cocktails, go to Manolito now. This restaurant is a charming little slice of paradise. Not only is the restaurant quaint and adorable, but the food is unbelievable. I took a shot in the dark and tried the Ropa Vieja, a dish which I had never tried, and it was phenomenal... my only complaint is that I couldn't eat it all and save room for the Cuban, Crunchy Chickpeas, and Coconut Flan. Alas, I will have to try the Cuban (which unsurprisingly looked amazing) next time I am there, which will be very very soon. As for the Crunch Chickpeas and the Coconut Flan... would you believe me if I told you I'm wiping drool off my chin just thinking about them? I paired the Flan with some coffee and it was hard to share. Just go all in and get one for everyone at your table. Trust me. Now that I have convinced you to try this place, let me just say this: don't go if you are completely famished. The service was fabulous, but not exactly expeditious. It is more of an experience than a quick meal. I was more than happy with this as I enjoyed the great view, lovely company, and tasty drink. Go, drink, eat, and enjoy.Hands down my favorite bar in the French Quarter.   It's in the midst of everything, yet tucked away from the madness.   Delicious handcrafted cocktails made with quality ingredients and pride.   Great prices at happy hour and positive vibes at all hours.This has some amazing Cuban food!  My family stopped in our visit to New Orleans and absolutely loved it.  We got the family special for six and it fed us just perfectly for lunch.  10/10 would stop by again!Stopped in here for a coffee and dessert after a day of tooling around Jackson Square. I did the sketch during my visit as it is chocked with character. A very small place and we were fortunate to get a table by the window. Server was super friendly and funny. Prices are med hi for the offerings but overall a great experience.The atmosphere was so inviting. When you walk in it feels like a small little restaurant in Cuba . I did not get food here but the drinks were absolutely amazing. I got the motel nacional and it was absolutely amazing, so good I forgot to take pictures. Also a huge thank you to Josephine, she's the most amazing hostess I have ever had. This is a place you have to go when you are in NOLASo glad we stopped in to this delightful Cuban cocktail bar! I enjoyed the Floridita Daiquiri and the Daiquiri Menta. Both were well balanced and extremely refreshing. My friend enjoyed their cocktails as well. One had the Paso Doble and the other the seasonal King Cake Daiquiri. I cannot recall the rest but I do not see how you can go wrong with any of the selections.What a fun little place. It's the size of a postage stamp and could be easily missed but definitely worth scouring the Quarter for! Cuban inspired cocktails are amazing! We had the chickpea salad, the Cuban sandwich, and the ceviche. A better ceviche, I have never met! Our server was a lovely young lady who just moved to NOKA from Portland. She was personable, very knowledgable about all food and drink, and made some excellent recommendations. In this NOLA heat, their refreshing drinks are hard to beat! Highly recommended!!!This place is great. I spent a week in New Orleans and my lunch here was the best meal I had. It's clear that the people who run this place have a true love for Cuban food and want to spread it to the rest of the world.What a find! As a longtime visitor to New Orleans, I try to split my visits between old favorites and new discoveries. This was a great new discovery. Open for about three weeks now, it's one of those hidden gems that's right off the tourist path of Decatur. Great Cuban drinks and a small but rewarding Cuban food menu. I've made a couple visits now on this trip. Don't sleep on this one.