Yes! I love this place! Maple Street Patisserie is the bomb.com! I've never been disappointed. Best blueberry muffin I've ever had in my whole entire life. Delicious breakfast and lunch spot. They also do specialty cakes so swing by during Mardi Gras and grab a king cake. Also the owner, Ziggy, is the man. He's always running around working crazy hours to make all these scrumptious baked goods. Can't beat this place :)Disappointing experience. Pastries (had the croissant, eclair, cannoli) are okay but nothing amazing. Dining area is small. Very limited drink options. I agree with previous reviews that it is very reminiscent of break-room coffee with 2 pump pots full of coffee and buy-in-bulk tea bags.  
Really what soured the experience was the counter staff.  After my SO and I purchased several pastries, coffee, tea and went to sit down, the staff informed us that we couldn't stay because they were closing. The sign says 5pm, this was at 4pm.  She assured us that it was just that day they were closing early.   No apology. Just informed us and walked away. After all this, I had to remind her that I was still waiting for a cup of hot water to steep my warehouse earl grey tea in. We came to the cafe to sit and enjoy tea and pastries so it was obviously a disappointment to get kicked out before the advertised closing time.  I would have greatly appreciated being informed of the earlier hours prior to making a purchase or at least in the form of a sign. Would much rather enjoy a pre-made croissant and better drink options at the adjacent Starbucks or PJs. Lesson learned.If you want anything fresh, you gotta come here early, or else you're going to find yourself waiting for the pastries to bake or just have none at all.
I'm very bad with the names of pastries, but I can say that I definitely like the Guava turnover, bearclaw, almond croissant, and ham and cheese croissant.  I wish they had more savoury pastries, actually I wish they had more stuff in general and maybe sometimes change it up a bit. 
I had in the past gotten used to a routine of getting up in the morning, grabbing a coffee and a pastry to eat before work. Later on in the day I would grab a loaf of bread that I would bring home to eat with dinner or as a snack for breakfast. I wish the bakery was open later, but unfortunately, none of the bakeries in New Orleans are open late, and by late, I mean past 1 or 2 pm. 
That being said, the pastries and sweets are very good when they are fresh and I would give this place more stars if it wasn't for unpleasant experiences with some of the workers. I have been frequenting Maple Street Patisserie for over a year now and on several occasions I have been treated very rudely by the workers who are frequently impatient, even when there's no one else in the store, or they act angry as they take the pastry out of the window and shove it onto the plate.  At other times, the workers are actually pretty nice.  So please, if you're having a bad day, don't take it out on the customers.
If you want coffee, I would go across the street to Starbucks or down the road to PJ's, but if you don't mind average coffee then you can stick to the bakery.The Real Deal
We ate some of the finest pastries I've ever had in my life at this bakery. Word.
We were fortunate enough to be with the other Gruntled Brunchers, who are friends of the proprietors of the bakery, so we were treated to a sampling of many of their pastries. 
Just some of what we tried: opera cake - a moist, multilayered cake which reminded me of tira misu; apple strudels; fruit tarts;  eclairs; chocolate covered strawberries. All were delicious, but, then, the cheese puff pastry came out. 
The cheese puff pastry is on a level all its own. Impossibly, insanely flaky, just sweet enough, almost salty. How can this be? I could have eaten five of these. Make certain you don't miss this.
We were fortunate to be there on Good Friday, so we could get a hot cross bun. I thought a hot cross bun was some hard crusted bread with a cross cut in the top for rising. I was so, so wrong. This traditional treat is a brioche-type bread with a tiny sprinkling of sweet fruit pieces throughout, and an icing "X" drawn on the top. Again, light, airy, with sweetness that is a hint, not a sledgehammer. There's a bunch of history behind the hot cross bun, and Patricia, the executive chef, took the time to tell us. Check it out on Wikipedia if you're curious.
And, I have to say something about the raspberry "bear claw". If you've ever had what others call a bear claw, forget those. Brent said it's an insult to this crazy-good, flaky, just-right pastry to name it the same thing you can get out of a vending machine. 
We took a field trip, as Harry said, through the kitchen, where Ziggy, the owner, pastry chef, and all-around nice guy, was making a Harry Potter wizard hat cake. He rolled out fondant icing and expertly threw the thick layer over the cake. He gave us a taste of the fondant. In my experience, fondant is pretty but not so tasty. Not so for this chocolate fondant. Mmmmmmm! I would happily have eaten a huge slab of this stuff. 
We left with a tea cake in tow. Ziggy told us it was something like a Kugelhof, and not as heavy as a pound cake. It was so beautiful, I simply had to try one, though at this point I really didn't need more pastries. I had a piece as soon as I could get a knife. Again, unbelievable...I can't say more. Somehow it was simultaneously buttery but light, and just moist enough without approaching stickiness. I had more of this than I care to admit right after I'd eaten my weight in sweets.
At this point, I'm glad I do not live down the street from Maple Street Patisserie. I could see myself having a problem if I lived too close to a bakery this tempting.
Just to sum it all up: the sweet pastries are delectable, but the breads, brioches, bear claws!, and tea cakes are in a class all their own.
And, I haven't even tried the savory croissants yet.Cheerful people who know their stuff work here.  The place itself is bright and roomie.  The array of breads and pastries gives one pause.  And while I was enjoying my coffee and chocolate croissant they took an order for a flourless chocolate cake which was to have a layer of raspberry and the top was to be decorated for a birthday!  I was drooling.  The calm with which they work shows in the taste and look of every item. They are closed Monday but be sure to double check as you would not want to be disappointed.Place was incredibly delicious and fresh and comfy! We came in for a water and ended up with 3 sandwiches an apple fritter and 2 cheesecakes! Best cafe I've found in New Orleans :)Today's treat - cheese danish and blueberry muffins.  Oh, so good!
This is an awesome place, a hidden gem.Love their chocolate croissants for breakfast! For lunch, the turkey and harvarti cheese sandwich on ciabatta bread is my favorite.Maple Street is not on my usual weekend path, but I've stopped by this bakery the last few times I've been over that way.  Delicious apple turnover, almond croissants, and cheese danish/turnover/thingy.  I even bought my Mom a Thanksgiving cupcake with plastic turkey on top - old school.  
My only criticism is I wish they had a true vegetarian sandwich on their lunch menu.I want to write a review for the location right off Magazine St but maybe this will suffice? This is one of my fav breakfast spots. The price is right, the place is clean, and the food is consistently great!
I loooove the ham and cheese croissant. Also enjoy the breakfast bagel, French toast, and other items I've tried. The lunch isn't too shabby either. One thing that annoys me a tad is eating something like pancakes or French toast out of the little plastic serving basket bc the paper it's served on tears but hey for the price- whatever!Although a bit pricey, definitely worth it. I asked what the woman working would recommend, the plain or chocolate croissant. She suggested almond and when I told her I had never tried it she gave it to me along with the chocolate croissant (for free) in case I didn't like the almond one! Both were amazing!!This is a good place for bread and desserts but the sandwiches are just NOT so good.  I'm not a big carb person and prefer the protein parts of my meal the most with lots of veggies on the side so this place isn't my optimal feeding spot.  Better to grab some bread to go and work your own magic on it.  They also offer some traditional Jewish breads that you might not find anywhere else in the area.  I never tried any of the Jewish breads and don't have any point of comparison to know if they are good or not but they looked nice.  The desserts here look pretty tasty and I had a cherry mini-pie that was pretty decent.  Overall I just wasn't that impressed and haven't been back for a long while now.I expected something totally different in terms of atmosphere and display. The music was some poppy radio station and it did not have the elegance of Maple street but the cherry cobbler i purchased was delicious. 
I was irritated, nevertheless by no signage for the pastries. No prices. No idea what anything was.This place has everything but good pastries. 
Patisserie is a cute warm cafe that serves overpriced stale pastries. 
We bought an almond croissant, a brownie and a cup of coffee for $10. 
The almond croissant was stale and had barely any almond paste in it, or rather it had a little on the outside and no paste inside. It was not flaky either. 
The brownie was the right texture of moist brownie but tasted 4 days old and of the refrigerator. 
The coffee is watery, but some people like it that way. 
I get that it's quaint and it's local. But they really should offer FRESH pastries. 
Gross.Incredibly beautiful and delicious pastries. Best Napoleon in town and great sandwiches.It seems unfair to write a review after having been here only once, so I'll have to go back for round two sometime soon, but my initial impression is that this place is okay. It certainly wasn't bad, but it didn't blow me away. Perhaps I need to try something other than a plain croissant, but at the time what I really wanted was something lunch-like, and everything they had (as far as I could tell) had meat in it. Something vegetarian along the lines of their turkey sandwich and/or ham and cheese croissant (perhaps a spinach and feta croissant) would've been awesome. Maybe I needed to ask. 
In any event, it's a bustling little place and people obviously love it. But it seemed that you kind of needed to know what to order, since there wasn't a ton on display and there wasn't a list or anything. Next time I'll have to read the Yelp reviews and figure out what to ask for. :)A friend told me I HAD to go to this place.  I will not go back.  A middle-age/older woman behind the counter was pretty unpleasant and demanding, despite that they weren't busy - there were maybe 2 or 3 customers besides myself.  She was unfriendly and patronizing during every ounce of my short-lived conversation with her.  For example, she seemed to think I was an imbecile for asking if they had plain cheese croissants (rather than ham and cheese).  Also, I asked for an iced coffee and she said they don't have iced coffee because "we don't compete with Starbucks and PJ's.  We just don't do that so we only have regular coffee.  You'll have to go somewhere else for that sort of thing."  I happily and politely said, "No problem, I'll take a large hot coffee."  She didn't acknowledge what I had said or respond at all to me and was instead helping another customer at the register.  Another girl behind the counter saw me standing there waiting and asked what I needed.  I told her I think I had ordered a coffee with the other woman but wasn't sure.  The older woman at this point sternly told me that she was taking care of my order, despite that she wasn't in the least.  
Customer service is important to me so I'd recommend going to PJ's or Starbucks, which flank the patisserie on either side.This place has a few things to iron out, but what it gets right is really good.  There was a time when I lamented the availability of great pastries in New Orleans.  Suddenly there were many options and now Maple Street Patisserie throws its poppy seeds into the hamentash.  I am a big fan of hamentashen and rugulah and this place has the best I've found.  Local coffee shops would do well to start sourcing baked goods here.  I liked a few other treats as well, but I found the tea cakes to be a bit soggy and oversweet.  The breakfast pastries are quite tasty and a lunch sandwich I had was most delicious.  The sandwich was so outstanding that I would really like to eat lunch here every day.  Unfortunately it was a bit pricey at ~$12 for a small sandwich.I have been a regular customer for a long time. Yet, they always sell me yesterday's bakery even if I ask for today's. Not goodReally unsure what the fuss is all about with this place. 
As Ramona P. mentioned in her review, the counter help is a hit or a miss. I've stopped by here on multiple trips to New Orleans, and every time I'm hoping for a better experience. I'll subject myself to rude staff if the offerings are primo - but alas, even the fabled ham-and-cheese croissant is lackluster.
Chelsea M.'s review mentioning the coffee is "akin to breakroom coffee" is spot on as well.
What I do like about this patisserie is: its proximity to Tulane, that it's located on Maple Street (really a cool area), and that their pastries are a nice treat (but unfortunately not the best NOLA has to offer).This place is an excellent example of world class food in New Orleans.  The unassuming storefront opens up to reveal delicious, fresh patries and baked goods.  The blueberry muffin is the best I've ever had.  The sandwiches at lunch are nice but this is really a breakfast kind of place. My suggestion: get baked goods here and enjoy them at Starbucks or PJs with coffee.I love stopping in here mornings for a fresh sausage biscuit- they're delicious and hard to pass up!  I'm also a fan of the few sandwiches that they serve- the smoked salmon is definitely my favorite. It has thinly sliced cucumbers and it totally makes it!
I am not a huge pastry fan, but I will say that I like the donuts here. Also- the cannoli - its rare to find some done this well!I came into this place with pretty high hopes. We entered around lunch time and there was no one else in the shop, I almost turned around to see if I had the right place.. This is the Patisserie that everyone talks about, right?  on booming Maple Street so busy you can't find a parking spot, right?
Ok, so moving on I am welcomed with a case FULL of beautiful pastries, a vast selection of them to boot.  Oh my eyes were in food porn heaven!  Not to mention the baker with his european accent that also lures you in. This man HAS to make awesome stuff, I mean listen to his accent!  How could I possibly choose just one?  
There is a vast selection, from scones, fresh baked breads, tarts, eclairs, croissants, slices of cakes, petit fours, cannolis, cinnamon rolls, donuts, I could go on forever. It's all there and it all looks amazing.
Well we didn't and decided on a few selections.. some fruit tarts, an elcaire filled with "vanilla cream", a slice of red velvet, and a croissant.  It was all so beautiful and we couldn't wait to sink our teeth into the treats.  
The taste? Well that a something I wasn't expecting. Everything and I mean everything tasted "funny".  I couldn't believe it and was genuinely shocked.  I wasn't the only one who said this.  I don't know if it was that the case hadn't been cleaned out in awhile or what it was.  It all tasted either like it had been frozen, or been in the case looming with the other flavors for quite some time.  It didn't taste fresh or like it should let me just say that.   
Other than the funny taste that I couldn't define the cause of, let me move on: 
-The tarts were topped with slices of kiwi, strawberry, and mandarin. The cream of the tart was smooth and rich, not sweet. The crust was good, not great. 
-Red velvet was dense and moist.  The icing is not the traditional cream cheese though its more of a whipped cream type. 
-Croissant was flaky and buttery
-The eclair, as it turned out to be, let me explain.. We were a bit mislead by the young funky Uptown girl behind the counter. She said it was "puffed pastry" I asked what the filling was, she said it is vanilla cream i asked if it was cream like cream puff cream she said yes.  It wasn't. It was an eclair with bavarian cream. Maybe I didn't speak "patisserie" well enough for her to translate what I was looking for?!?  
It was all fine enough except for the fact that everything had this odd taste to it.. everything.  It made me very sad as I was really looking forward to a knock your socks off bakery experience based on what I heard about this place.
The staff (aka the girl behind the counter) was not very helpful and she seemed a bit inconvenienced by us and my lack of being able to make choices within the timeframe she normally allots for customers, even though we were the only ones in the shop. 
While we were there one of the baker men finished a chocolate cake for someone that looked amazing and he went to put it into the front counter cooler, he pulled out a plastic container that had half a sandwich and a strawberry in it and asked the girl why it was in there, She told a story about another person and the fact that she was "saving the strawberry".  Hmm maybe this has something to do with the pastries tasting odd???   I don't know.  
I might give them a second shot, but I am sad to say I have had better pastries (that tasted fresh) from other local bakeries.
**Pro Tip don't approach the counter until you know EXACTLY what you want here if you don't want to feel like the bad kid in class and about to be put in a patisserie time out.Great lunch spot- the turkey havarti and prosciutto sandwiches are amazing. Great pastries- a petit four tops off the meal!Delicious breakfasts from a true baker who is very nice and down to earth and puts a lot of pride and effort into making some of the best pastries on the market. Highly recommended!Although I went to Tulane for undergrad, I strangely never had the opportunity to go to this establishment until recently. I'm so glad I finally made it in! I went with my boyfriend, who studied abroad in Paris for a year and a half and is very familiar with a Parisian style patisserie. He was so excited that something of the sort could be found in NOLA. 
Upon entering, we were treated to a tempting display counter filled with a variety of different French pastries. After browsing the extensive selection we decided on the Opera cake, a chocolate croissant and a ham and cheese croissant. 
My boyfriend couldn't get over how comprable everything was to a Patisserie that could be found in Paris. The Opera cake and croissants were as good if not better than what could be found in the best of pastry shops in France. 
The chocolate croissant was decadent, filled with delicious dark chocolate and the texture of the croissant was flaky and crispy. A perfectly made pastry.
The ham and cheese croissant was filled with delicious ham and gruyere cheese. Fantastic. 
And the opera cake? Don't get me started on the opera cake. It had layer upon layer of sweet and delicious fillings and cake. The bf swears that Maple Street Patisserie's version is better than anything that could be found in Paris. 
All in all, Maple Street Patisserie is a fantastic option for any pastry lover. I can't wait to return and try all of the other promising options!So let's get right to it. Twist donut was ok. Very fresh but, not very flavorful. The tea was disappointing.  It was Bigelow and they don't have splenda. I don't use it much but, 2 packs in my hot tea is a must. There's no price list or prices on items so just be mindful. That can be a little aggravating if you're on a personal budget. I spent $7 which isn't terrible but, would've been better with everything up to par. With all the baker's in town, some dives, that have been more satisfying I doubt I'll be back.The salmon sandwich was one of the best I've ever had! The bread was hot and fresh and the cream cheese was incredible. The free bread it came with was perfection! The chocolate croissant wasn't anything special and the service was confusing. Like they called my name so I got up, then the woman at the counter was like "Sit down, I'll bring it to you." This happened to another girl before me too. Um, confusing much? But very charming place, I'll go back.I've been a customer for past several years, and  finally decided to write a review!
This is one of my favorite food places in Uptown NOLA to go to. Finding small bakeries like this are kinda my thing.
Other PROS:
- nice location, along Maple St. in between PJ's Coffee and Starbucks
- very good breakfast goods, pies, tarts, pastries, desserts, sweets...I still need to try the lunch fare
- the smell, OMG the wonderful aroma
- staff seem to be pretty friendly and helpful, don't be afraid to ask a question!
One CON:
-I wish they had LABELS for their displayed goods! Even I have hard time figuring out what something is once in awhile and end up pointing and asking, and I can imagine this might be more off-putting for some people...Agreed. I have tried several times hoping for the best but also found pastries to be dry and tasteless. when I told the staff they didn't seem to care; twice!Haven't found a decent patisserie in New Orleans. Probably doesn't exist. But this is a great place to wake up in the morning, grab a cup of tea and mediocre pastry and enjoy the lovely New Orleans weather. 
A plus on the morning ambience.I live in the Uptown area, within walking distance of this establishment, and since this place has been open, I've visited several times. In some respects, I think this place is great, in others it leaves something to be desired.
Overall:  Charming place. I walk there for the pastries and the sandwiches occasionally when I want a treat. It's too expensive for everyday. There are some awkward service problems that should be ironed out by now, but perhaps it's a top down problem. Don't get the coffee. 
The Service:  Quirky is a word that comes to mind. I've never gotten a mean vibe from the behind the counter staff; I do consistently get a nice, albeit awkward vibe. However, there is a manager/owner that I do not like seeing. She has an ostentatious presence. I've worked in the service industry before, and I've never had a manger or boss who did not wholeheartedly pitch in when needed. But in the case of this manager/owner, I have stood within her vicinity at the counter on several occasions when other staff was busy and been straight up ignored. It always seemed like the menial task she was doing (training a new employee or restocking) was more important than actual customer service. This is not a place I go when I am in a less-than-stellar mood. 
The Desserts and Pastries:  On the whole, they're great. Overpriced, but what isn't in this area of New Orleans? No one familiar with Uptown should go in to this venue expecting bargain prices. If cost is your concern, do not make this place a regular destination for your morning coffee and croissant. I prefer the pastries to the desserts. The pastries are excelled. On the other hand, last time I split one of their lemon meringue tarts, I has an issue with what I think was too much cornstarch in the meringue. These desserts are made to sit out all day, and it sadly reflects in the taste. And on this issue of coffee, yuck. Just yuck. That is an area for growth.
The Menu:  I like getting the ham and brie on croissant. It's nothing I could not make myself with the right ingredients, but there's the rub -- the time, effort and cost of  finding all the right ingredients . Please do not scarf down these simple sandwiches expecting fireworks, savor it and enjoy the simplicity. The actual chalkboard menu leaves something to be desired; it could be explained in more detail in some sort pamphlet. And the sandwiches are dressed, which is not explained. This can be an issue if you have dietary restrictions or just don't like the all that lagniappe on top your sandwich.Had such a great first impression at this place! Walked in and told the lady behind the counter that I'd never been in before, and as she told me the flavors of each of the muffins, a man behind the counter handed me a chocolate donut for free! The lady then tried to get me to try the banana cinnamon muffin I think it was, but I was set on the chocolate/vanilla swirl. When I walked over to pay, she told me that she had also thrown in the banana cinnamon muffin for free! It was so nice to get 2 free treats and only have to pay for one muffin! Will definitely return!Because there are no other bakeries close to the house, I occasionally visit when I'm desperate for a pastry.  However, I have to agree with the filtered reviews.  It's too bad they were filtered because they are accurate.  When the patisserie first opened, the pastries were excellent.  I too have had a run-in with Miss Patricia.  I now peek in the window before I enter.  If she's working, I'll pass.  I haven't seen her in a good while but the current counter help isn't much better.  New Orleans is known for friendly people and awesome food. When I visit Maple Street Patisserie, I get a California vibe and that's not good!Just so overpriced -- I want to like this place, but please, bring your prices down. $5 for a savory breakfast croissant? $4 for a chocolate croissant? I usually avoid coming but every time I do, I have to blink three times when they tell me my total.Great muffins, great bagels, service w a smile. I avoid the pastries b/c they just are soo good i would overdose! Dont miss this place!I was curious about what was across the street when I was getting coffee and I decided to pop in. I love bakery shops and this was awesome. I ordered a chocolate croissant, a choclate glazed donut and an apple fritter (it was BOGO FREE donut after 11am ). The croissant is really good! The lady behind the counter was really nice and answered my question about the pastries I was curious about. I will definitely come back .Love this place. The pastries are delicious and always ornately decorated. The baker and the staff are very friendly and accommodating.Almond tart ($5) - 3 stars
By the time we got back to our hotel it seemed too soft like the butter in the tart base had melted. Taste was still pretty good.Ordered a cake for mother's day/birthday. As good and as pretty as the cake was, it wasn't what I ordered. The caramel filling was nowhere to be found, replaced with the chocolate filling that was suppose to only be on the outside of the cake and the vanilla cake was chocolate. 
This was my go-to bakery after ordering an amazing selection of Easter pastries. But when they kept hanging up on me while I attempted to place my order, I should have gone somewhere else for the Mother's Day cake.This place is terribly awful to my waist line but dangerously delicious to my palette! Cute and quaint in the most perfect NOLA neighborhood. The staff I've encountered here is friendly and welcoming. There is a nice variety of pastries for such a small bakery. Everything I've had there is absolutely delicious. The Napoleon is my favorite! Today I ventured out and got the (made in house) chicken salad in croissant sandwich. That too was worth every penny AND calorie!Who voted this place to be the" best bakery in New Orleans" ?? Coz whoever did was W R O N G. Maybe the pastries lend credence to that title but not the bread. I bought 2 different kinds of bread & both were dry & not flavorful. I was VERY disappointed, given the big boastful sign hanging on the door.Overpriced for the quality and quantity you receive. Better off skipping this one and heading to La Boulangerie on Magazine Street where you get more for your money.Great & authentic.
We preordered a buche de Noel (Yule log cake) for my family's French Christmas celebration, and loved it. It was GORGEOUS and clearly made with love and tons of attention to detail. Can't wait to order again!I think maple street patisserie makes some of the best pastries I have ever eaten.  Last weekend I was in town for about four days and we went twice.  I took my mom who said that their sweet cheese pastry was the best thing she had ever eaten and that it topped any pastry shed eaten in Europe.  This place is seriously good with a great selection, new fresh choices every day.  The location is awesome, the space is bright and pretty and the owners are friendly.  The only downside is that if you're looking for a wide selection of coffee you won't fine it here--luckily it's right next door to starbucks.  
I will say that I haven't tried desserts or sandwiches but the pastries are seriously awesome.In the last week I've been here three times, and I'm so happy to have found a good bakery near me. 
The first time I came I ordered an almond croissant and a jalapeño sausage croissant that I reordered as soon as I finished. 
Today I got a little cheesecake tart, and a ham and cheese croissant (which I bought another of to bring my boyfriend since it was so delicious). Overall, this is my new favorite place to stop for a small snack (if I can ever limit myself to ONE croissant) and I can't wait to go get one of their sandwiches which look absolutely awesome. Be back soon!Pastries were absolutely decadent. I went in there just too look around and not get anything but the man insisted i have a free sample, i tried it to be nice and it was amazing. I still told myself i wasn't going to get anything so i left and got a cup of coffee but ended up going back and the staff was still as kind as ever graciously offering up free samples to most things i was curious about. I will definitely be going back! :-)Cousin and wife took me here to get munchies (after getting PJ coffees)- since turned out this place don't have great coffee-- but that's all right. Their pastries are OUT OF the WORLD!   I got a cheese puff, and we got donuts, cookies- and I kept nibbing on pieces while cousin was not watching. LOLI have frequented this shop  on many occasions.
I order either a cookie or muffin. 
What irks me the most is the mystery pricing. There are no prices visible and one is charged whatever they feel like charging.
Today I ordered ONE oatmeal cookie.
$3.81 !!!!! 
Never again.The ham and cheese croissant is soooo yummy!My friend and I, both Tulane students, came here for "brunch" on a Saturday morning. 
I had read several Yelp reviews before stopping here, and was expecting good food and terrible service.
I ordered a chicken salad sandwich on a croissant, and my friend got a smoked salmon sandwich on a baguette. Both sandwiches were yummy, but the croissant was definitely the better choice. It was hot, fluffy, and buttery. I melted. Both sandwiches came with sweet little biscuits. 
The food? Definitely good. 
We were so delighted by our sandwiches that we decided to go for some pastries. The women at the counter happily showed us their selection, naming turnovers, croissants, muffins and cookies of all kinds. (We're not pastry snobs.) I picked out a chocolate croissant to go and my friend got a few assorted cookies. 
They rang us up again and it was nothin but smiles. Maybe they changed their employment, but there were no problems.
At home I nuked my pastry for 5 seconds, took a bite, and fell in love. 
I'll be back!So, I'm early into my second pregnancy but I'm already starting to have food aversions and morning sickness. This is one of the very few places I can eat happily without any food aversions at all - it's that fresh and good. One of my favorite places to eat for lunch in New Orleans and during study days.I love this patisserie. I usually go about once a month. There pastries are amazing..... but the prices are absolutely ridiculous. I was there yesterday, Saturday January 23, 2016 and for 1 pastry it was $5.00. Now I understand that prices have gone up on everything but when it costs you almost $10 for one pastry and a regular cup of coffee (nothing fancy) it's just too much.For the pastries: they look good,  but they must use crisco for the palmiers, which are flavorless.  Way to much sugar on the apple fritter. I always end up wishing i had gone some where elseI live nearby and like supporting small businesses. However the staff are very standoffish. I think one member of staff there must be encouraging the behaviour because even new employees immediately become grumpy.  They stand just slightly too far away from the counter to avoid giving the appearance they are free to help.  Asking questions? Nope. You better know exactly what you want.  I feel like the staff would be a lot happier if no customers ever came through the doors. Also the pastries are SO EXPENSIVE. They do not have price cards on the items so I suggest a stiff drink before they tell you the total. I will keep going here purely because I live so close but to be honest I would recommend La Bollinger on Magazine instead. Still crazy prices but at least the staff pretend to polite!This bakery is so cute and the food is delicious!! The staff is very nice and helpful. There's so many options, you can't go wrong!Stop in yesterday on the way of town.. We picked up a assortment of pasteries for my Teens.  My son said that the Cheese danish was by far the best he had ever eaten.  I would have to agree.The bread is REALLY good - had a couple of excellent sandwiches for lunch on fantastic bread and then sampled the bite sized sweets (lemon meringue pie, eclair, fruit tarte, etc.) which were fine but not great, probably due to the miniature size.  Have definitely found a new go-to bakery though - this place ain't cheap but it has great quality hand-made delicacies.I had an almond croissant and coffee. The croissant was average and not flaky. The almond flavor was concentrated to a dense center. The staff was friendly and the environment was clean and nice. It was a good experience but not a great experience. I will give it another try and see if the croissant is better the second time around.I am pretty sure that you will gain 10 lbs and at least 1 cavity from smelling the air in this place, but it is well worth it. My sister lives just a short walk away from this stretch of Maple Street and stopped in for breakfast last weekend. We both ordered the ham and cheese croissant which was out of this world amazing. Despite being totally stuffed after eating one, I probably could have eaten about 10 more because they were unreal. The entire pastry case looked delicious and I am bummed that I didn't get a chance to sample the fruit tart as well. The space itself is very European feeling and the staff is welcoming and friendly. Maple Street Patisserie is a great hidden gem.Great pastries, and exceptional sandwiches here. 
When I lived in Paris (and 20 years later, I still cannot believe my good fortune in being able to say that phrase), I noticed that the locals passed on all the fancy, glossy confections, and also passed on even basic fruit filled croissants.  The choice for almost every Parisian was almost always the same: an espresso, usually with a cube of sugar, and a plain croissant.  Maybe--no, definitely--that's one reason I was and remain identifiable as American, with my too big belt and multiple Xs on my clothing labels.  
So it is with Maple Street Patisserie.  In my very unscientific mid morning survey, most of the patrons seemed to be buying sandwiches or croissants for takeout.  I probably should have taken their cue, but hey, I'm a Yelp! reviewer and I really should sample more than just a plain croissant.  
Right?
Right.  The Key Lime Tart is small, but delicious.  If you have a hankering for Key Lime Pie but don't want to wreck your diet with a ten-thousand calorie nine-inch round slab in your fridge, give that a try.  The fruit tart was as it should be:  fresh fruit, light clear glaze, a firm and sweet custard, and a flaky crust.  A white and brown chocolate-accented tart was beautiful and bought on impulse.  What it contained was a large dollop of chocolate mousse with a layer of a apple jam at the bottom, covered in think crisp coat of white chocolate.  Very rich, and probably best shared with two or more others.  
The blueberry turnover with its flaky crust and dark blue filling peeking out at the seams was irresistible visually.  The blueberry flavor was strong, not overly sweet, and the crust was a light and flaky as it promised to be from under the glass. 
My dining partner favors savory food for breakfast. She went with a turkey sandwich.  Not one normally given over to hyperbole, she remarked that "this is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had"  I took a bite, and she might be right.  
That explained all the sandwiches at other tables (though by this point, it was getting close to 11:00 and moving into prime lunch time).  Enough about who's eating what; if you like a good sandwich, and that includes fantastic bread, try one here.You know, you'd think that a man whose short enough to fit in a shoe box would be able to get through a regular sized door.  I'm here to tell you the doors in this place are awful!  Worst doors ever.  Not to mention they didn't even have shark pastries.  Boy I tell ya, I'm always up for a shark pastry.  Let's get down to brass tacks before the bird in my hand throws a glass house at my hatching chickens - turtleflertle.My mother and I were taking a stroll down maple street and discovered this pastry place.  Are you serious???  I CANNOT believe I haven't discovered this place until now.  PURE HEAVEN!  I shop at whole foods and I'm as health conscious as you can get.  The quality of these breads and pastries are above anything I've EVER purchased at whole foods.  And my taste buds sent a single to my brain that made me do a little happy dance as I was eating, in a child like way.   The owner is super friendly.  I found my new breakfast spot.  I had a delightful experience and can't wait for my next visit tomorrow bright and early!Its so good. We get our bread here. They have fresh baked loaves everyday.  They will slice it for you with the magic slicing machine. The pastries are do die for and always beautiful. The staff is friendly af. Yes, it can be pricy for sweet treats, the bread is cheap though.  The care put into making their little pieces of heaven it work treating yourself.I tend to judge bakeries based on a single item--their croissants. While Maple St.'s offering of several varieties complicates things a little bit (including a ham and cheese that is very good), they do offer a very solid plain croissant. While not quite as crispy/flakey as I prefer, it is the best I've been able to find in Uptown. 
The bakery also offers a wide variety of breads and sweets (including your usual tarts and eclairs in addition to donuts), those that I've had the pleasure of trying were all enjoyable. 
The one thing I would like to see improve is the coffee--the carafe-based offerings are a small step above truck stop fare, but will do in a pinch (though you could just swing by the PJs or Starbucks located on either side of the bakery for some slightly better, though still thoroughly mediocre, coffee) Otherwise, it is a pleasant place to eat in or take away.WEDDING NIGHTMARE
I'm a wedding planner in New Orleans.  I called upon Ziggy at the Maple Street Patisserie for a Russian Wedding bread.  Having studied in Russia, he was excitedly happy to make the specially designed, ceremonial bread.  I contacted his assistant Patricia-Ann two weeks before the wedding and was asked to call back the following week in the morning Tues-Fri.  My assistant did so and spoke with Ziggy (the baker) himself, who said to confirm the details for the wedding again with Patricia-Ann the following week.  I called her this morning (3 days before the wedding) to work out the details.  She informed me that Ziggy will NOT make the bread.  He is too busy with wedding cakes and cannot make the bread as it needs to be made.  Now I have to call every bakery in town to try to get this specialty order done by Friday!  Patricia-Ann even had the nerve to say to me, after I asked her to double check that he understood what I wanted, "He's not happy.  There's nothing I can do."  I promise you I'm MUCH more unhappy than he!!An excellent pastry shop serving some of the best pastries in the city. They feature the largest apple fritter in the city that is big enough for two or more. The only thing that holds them back from five stars is price as they are a bit expensive but you can't beat the quality.The bread and cake is ok. But the service is too bad. No one explain a little bit for me. And they do not put name tag and price tag!The smell just completely hypnotizes you when you walk in. Aside from the fact that some of the pastries are left uncovered on the counter exposed for flies to poop all over, I really like this place. A bit pricey so come prepared to drop some dollas. $7.50 for a croissant and a bottle of water. Yeah no thanks.  But I must say that by far was the best ham and cheese croissant I've ever had. So light and fluffy and perfect.This place smells amazing! My hair stylist down the street at Cuttin' Loose recommended it so I came by. Everything seems to be made fresh. The number one item I came here for was the smoked salmon on french bread. It was recommended to get it on a croissant, but a nice lady who was ordering the same thing suggested getting it on french bread, as well as the lady behind the counter. It was fresh bread that was so crunchy and crispy, with smoked salmon with some sort of spreading that just melted in my mouth. It's packaged so neatly and cute in a little togo box along with two thinly sliced pieces of cinnamon toast. This place is a very cute and quaint little place and highly recommended if you're craving a smoked salmon sandwich or any pastries.If you want wireless internet and better coffee go to Barnes and Noble!!!!!!!!!!This is the best bakery ever.Ziggy and Patricia and staff do an incredible job. If you want the best Bakery  go to Maple Street Patissirie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!When I moved to New Orleans from Tampa, FL, I realized that I had been taking guava pastries for granted.  I could not find guava pastries anywhere!  Guava is just very different from any other pastry filling, apple/blueberry/cherry, they're all nice, but honestly quite sweet.  Guava is a slight bit tart, but is also bright (citrus).  I feel that I am not quite selling the flavor.  It is quite hard to describe.  Anyway, finally, Maple Street Patisserie has an amazing guava creme cheese pastry.  They seem to be popular with other customers too.  If you haven't tried guava in a pastry, you really should.
The service is also fast and professional.  They also have fresh breads and coffee available.  I love coming here on the weekend for a late morning pastry and coffee.What a great jewel in the crown of good eating in New Orleans. This store is between a Starbucks and a PJ's, and has way, way better food than either. My recommendation- get the sandwich or pastry here, and the coffee at Starbucks. 
We've had the almond chocolate cookie, the plain almond cookie, the cinnamon roll, the sausage biscuit, the ham and cheese croissant and the jalapeño sausage croissant. All were the best ever, and we've eaten in a lot of places!My review here is necessarily somewhat limited in scope, because since tasting their ham and cheese croissant, I have never wanted to order anything else on my frequent trips to this place. Seriously, the ham and cheese croissant here is perfection. If I could have one for breakfast every single day, with no consequences to my waistline or wallet, I absolutely would.
The muffins I have tasted have also been quite good, very moist and not too sweet. I have only tried the desserts once or twice, but they were excellent as well.
The prices are not low, but not outrageous either, and worth it for the quality of the products.I enjoyed my visit to Maple Street Patisserie.  The young man who waited on me was very pleasent and patient though they were very busy.  My ham and cheese croissant and the moist vanilla cupcake were worth the visit alone.  Yes the seating area is small but I'd rather they stay small and on Maple street than to be somewhere I can't get to early mornings. They have a nice selection of yummies.  Enjoyed.I came in here on accident on one morning (thought it was PJ's) and deciided to order something to be nice. I got this little ham and cheese crossaint. They heated it up for me, but when I ate it the meat was hard and it tasted old. This was 8:30 in the morning so it should have been fresh. I also got a coffee which I expected to not be that great with the meal and I was correct.
They don't have prices on the items so my morning snack came out to nearly $7 which is ridiculously expensive for what you get.
Oh and they didn't have wifi either and thought the service was sub-par.Sad to report they have somehow, for some reason, changed the scones :( They used to be so wonderful, so crumbly, round, just perfect.  Now. . . they simply disappoint.  I will have to find a new favorite item, cause it's still a great place, but I've tried them twice since they "updated" them and they are not worth eating.Great apple turnovers! I'd love to try something else, but every time I go, the cases look pretty cleaned out.While visiting New Orleans to plan my wedding, a friend recommended that we stop in Maple Street Patisserie to grab a pastry. First off, I love the quaint style and neighborhood vibe that you get as soon as you walk through the door. It is a one-of-a-kind patisserie. 
I simply asked if they make wedding cakes and soon after I was scheduling a cake tasting with them and my fiancee during our next visit. Patricia-Ann and Ziggy are quite the team. Both are energetic and personable all while working seamlessly with each other. 
While Patricia-Ann and the group discussed cake flavors and styles, Ziggy delivered endless amounts of cakes samples. We sampled many different cakes, fillings, and butter creams. From traditional almond to praline to lemon, all were so delicious it was so hard for us to decide! The chocolate cake was wonderful too. Ziggy and Patricia-Ann were fully accommodating and so easy to work with. We wasted no time and didn't feel pressured into making a decision. Patricia-Ann told me that they do not have books of wedding cake styles, etc. because each cake should be individual to the couple ordering it. That's so true! 
For our wedding, we decided to go with a four-tiered traditional almond-flavored wedding cake. It was absolutely stunning! Most importantly, the cake was the perfect texture, the butter cream was not overly sweet, and the real "Wedding Cake" flavor came through perfectly, but did not over power. Our guests savored every piece, some had seconds and thirds! We are still getting compliments about our wedding cake. 
This isn't your run-of-the-mill type bakery, nor do they create wedding cakes by the 100s so you'll receive a masterpiece that is truly unique and delicious!
Thank you Patricia-Ann and Ziggy for making our wedding cake truly perfect!This patisserie has such an authentic, homey feel to it! Went in a Sunday morning and happened to get there with nobody waiting in line. The service was great (friendly, knowledgeable people) and they had such a wide variety of yummy pastries. I got the almond croissant which was delicious (fluffy and not too sweet with just the right amount of almond paste); my boyfriend got the chocolate glazed donut (which he claimed was the best he's ever had) and the raspberry muffin which he also enjoyed. It's a great place to grab a pastry and coffee and just enjoy the day.