I truly wish that zero stars was possible.  I have lived in the area for three years now and have given this place multiple chances due to it being very close to where I live. 
After seeing how expensive everything is (almost insultingly expensive for same things found elsewhere), being chastised by the ignorant gutter-punk employees, and being pursued around the store as I shop as if I was a criminal (after visiting frequently for three years) I have decided to boycott this place and recommend it to no one.This place is a lot larger than I thought it would be on the inside.
The food that was cooking smelled delicious. They are fully stocked with an unbelievable number of cold drinks. Ice teas, colas, energy drinks, coffee, water, many of which I've never even heard of before.
This is a fantastic place to find spices.
On the way out, when you are paying for your purchase, you will be tempted to buy a cookie or 3. Do it. They are wonderful and fresh.Fair warning: I was in starvation nation when I found myself here, so keep that in mind when you are reading this.
OH MY GOD THIS MIGHT BE THE BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER EATEN!!!!!!
Okay, now that I got that out of my system- we stopped into this neighborhood convenience store on the hunt for a snack. This place has a little bit of everything, like others have said. It's a spot where you can "make groceries", if you are in a pinch.
They have a pretty good selection of fresh pizza and I decided to get the feta and spinach one, because it looked really good. You get a huge slice of pizza and mine was so big that I had to actually fold it and eat it sandwich style. It's not the very best pizza I have ever had, but it had been a long evening and I was thankful for it. It did have a lot of flavor and was really good, especially considering that this place is basically just a hole in the wall.
Would I return? Sure, why not?Mardi Gras Zone does not do it for me and that is rather unfortunate. They are overpriced and under-stocked. The produce selection lacks volume and lately, I have not been having much luck acquiring decent ice cream. Yes, they have the cold treat, in many different brands and flavors, but the last two containers I took home were awful. Both were frozen....solid! Even after I let them thaw a bit on the counter. I am not sure if their freezers are too low, but it is an ice cream FAIL!  
Good vegan/gluten free options though.
Overall, a place to pick up munchies, but not a store to do full-on grocery shopping (or purchase ice cream).
Two stars.Horrible customer service. They don't say "hello" "thank you" "you're welcome". The service is extremely slow (it shouldn't take 10 minutes to check out when there is only one person in front of you). Prices are outrageous. Overall bad neighbors. Always loitering out front.Now the whole Foods of Bywater. They have gluten free items Whole Foods does not have. They are open late and street parking is not a problem. Its bigger than most corner stores. They also have hot food for your non cooking nights. It was here pre-katrina but have updated the items they sell.Mardi Gras Zone is a hidden gem of a grocery store in the Marigny/Bywater area. You'd never believe how big it is from looking at it from the outside. For general goods it is a satisfying place however their produce section is minimal. I've switched from shopping here to the New Orleans Food Cooperative for the most part but Mardi Gras Zone is still a worthy grocery store in my book. Their new pizza oven looks good although I haven't tried anything from it or their deli. One thing is for sure though, this place beats the heck out of Winn-Dixie or any of the chain stores!it galls me to even give this carpetbagging "establishment" even one star, but i have requirements to fulfill. since hurricane katrina, this once bead factory turned store of all trades has been a pestilence on the immediate community surrounding it in the marigny, thanks in large part to the dearth of options for groceries we have endured. i urge you to visit the co-op or visit arabi or the quarter to find better priced, unexpired items to discourage their continuing existence. a 24/7 depot for vagrants and smoke pollution is NOT the answer to the marigny/bywater's need for convenience. just visit : http://inspections.eatsafe.la.gov/Search.aspx to see a few more reasons why choosing to eat in this precariously "permitted" pit stop is hazardous to you and your neighbors' quality of life.I second Andrea B.'s assessment.  They never have everything I need to make dinner.  Oh sure, they have numerous flavors of chutney, but chicken is harder to find.  Most importantly, though, is that the prices are beyond a bit high.  They're absolutely insulting.  For now, they're the only game in the neighborhood for groceries, so they can get away with it.  It seems that no matter what small item I go in there for, I can expect one of two options:
1.  They won't have it.
2.  They will have it, but they'll charge twice what a normal store would.
This place makes me wish I had a car.  As it is, I have to get another job or talk to a loan officer soon because it's almost time to buy dog food.  
By contrast, I find their pizza to be very good and, surprisingly, reasonably priced.  Call me a pessimist, but I'm sure they'll find a way to screw that up soon.  
For a store this size, it's incredible what they don't carry.  Are you looking for ramen noodles or frozen peas?  Never heard of them, but how about seven flavors of chutney instead?  No thanks.  I'll take the bus uptown.  Honestly, I can't wait to see what changes take place when the food co-op opens a few blocks away.  The anticipation is akin to that accompanying an upcoming election where the godawful incumbent is about to get voted out of office in a landslide.  Ya just can't wait to yell "Don't let the door hit ya in the ass on the way out!" while singing Steam's "Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye."Fabulous hidden secret. Gourmet health foods to Mardi Gras accessories! Total New Orleans funky market. Best pizza, hot foods, deli...eat While u shop! Cool spot love itI wasn't sure it was open as its pretty graffiti covered and lacks windows. It's a bit rough looking inside, but they have a fabulous collection of grocery items and lots of fresh made salads, sandwiches and dessert. They also have some jars of home made pickles, fruit, jam and honey.Awesome!  Sells everything you could ever think about buying.  Fresh cooked food everyday, wood oven pizza, fresh sushi,
salads from around the world....frozen drinks with a beer and wine selection. Very friendly and helpful ...Benny the owner is a Legend in New Orleans for his generosity and kindness.
Wonderful cakes and desserts....and Orit's fresh baked bread on Friday's .....OMG..... a real Nola treasure. Oh and lots of vegetarian selections!I'm with the cons that others have listed: lack of fresh produce, expensive, hit or miss, a little dirty, DEFINITELY the last place to buy frozen products (really?  you bought ice cream from them?  what possessed you think that was a good idea?).  Nope, there is almost nothing in that store that is fresh and organic, but I don't buy organic at other stores (I go to Hollygrove for that!), so perhaps MGZ isn't for you if that's what you are looking for.  But I oh-so-love going there at 3 am to find the weirdest food possible.  There is weird food here, and I mean really weird.  My boyfriend and I had one of our first adventure dates at MGZ several years ago and challenged each other to find the strangest food item possible.  He won, but I will never forget really checking contents of their canned goods because they are just straight up bizarre.  I asked the guy once how they came to decide what to stock on the shelves, and he responded, it's whatever the guy who drives the truck from New York brings me.  I believe that, because NOBODY else in the city carries the strangeness/wonderfulness that MGZ carries.  
I try and save real making groceries for Rouses and farmer's markets.  For those of you looking for, say, a selection of meat or fresh produce, you're SOL.  For those of you who wish to be serenaded by someone practicing piano on the second floor while you aimlessly wander to try and put together a great meal, you are so in luck.  So so so in luck.  Extra plus for me is that the new pizza kitchen is actually halfway decent.  New Orleans has supremely bad pizza (except for the place in the Bywater), and I was shocked to bite into a slice the other day that actually reminded me of pizza of my childhood back in the Northeast.  Mardi Gras Zone, you have my business and my heart...I just wish you would give me back some dollars from my wallet and check the dates on meat and cheese every once in awhile.I have wasted too much time trying to find the best words to describe this place... it's really cool and also bizarre. All I can say is if you're anywhere near go check it out. I dare say you will not find the same store anywhere else and they probably have whatever you need as well as something you don't yet know you need.Went in here for the 1st time today. This place is overwhelming. So much that I couldn't decide which way to go first.  I will definitely be going back. Lots of unusual and unexpected items here!They have one of the biggest selections of soft drinks I have ever seen. That's cool!This place robs me and  fellow Marigny/Bywater residents on a daily basis. For many of us, it is the only place to purchase fresh veggies and non-fast food. The prices are through the roof! $7.99 per pound for the 'salad bar' that contained 5 items. Insulting. The prices are almost double those of the Rouses on Carrolton. The also don't have booze. The new pizza oven got us all excited, but the pizza is pretty rubbery. 
The place is awesome, though. camping equipment boxed right next to mardi gras beads, and food from all over the world! It's just hard to make groceries unless I have unlimited funds..
MG Zone, I will still shop with you, but only because I have to.Their pizza is by far the best in town. My favorites are the veggie and the meat lovers. Can always find good things in the deli too. Glad they are close to home. I love MGZ! The owner Benny and his wife are the nicest people I know.Firstly, I must say that over the years the employees have been pretty stellar - eccentric, no doubt, but genuine.  Yeah, it's over-priced...but this jernt falls under the genre of whole-foodian convenience store.  Meaning organic but almost laughing in the face of what is a reasonable price.    
     Seriously, this place does serve a good purpose for those who don't have anywhere to go on a holiday (many do take a plate dinner from the deli).  And I do feel a pull to get a coffee there on occasion.
      Yeah, the inventory isn't consistent....nor are the prices.  But in the off-chance I happen to hear someone playing the piano upstairs or read a really interesting flyer on the bulletin board, it is worth the while.I wandered in here one night well after 2 AM. I was the designated driver / chauffeur for my friend's bachelorette party. I'd fulfilled my responsibility by dropping them off at Mimis but had several hours to kill while they did whatever women do at bachelorette parties.  I walked around aimlessly and found a door cut into the side of a metal warehouse marked cryptically with only the word MARKET. The light was glowing from inside on an otherwise dark street.  I had to go inside.  
I definitely wasn't expecting what I saw.
This place is FILLED with quality groceries. Quality might be an understatement. They are high-end groceries. Fancy teas, organic crackers, Bob's Red Mill mixes, stevia, foreign sodas, seemingly every product from the Ginger People, & much more. Surprisingly, the merch seemed to be priced lower than Whole Foods.  And the items aren't dusty! This place is one huge, delicious oddity.
Mardi Gras Zone is now my go-to place to pick up a few items when throwing together an unplanned dinner.  It won't ever replace my schlep to Rouses, but it fills a certain need very effectively.
The grocery area is open 24 hours, but I'm not so sure about the deli area.
Edit: They added a wood-burning pizza oven. In a grocery store. Awesome!I've never bought groceries at Mardi Gras Zone. However, MGZ is right next door to the Den of Muses which houses floats, etc. for Krewe Du Vieux and the Intergalactic Krewe of Chewbacchus, which means when I'm working on Chewbacchus stuff all day (and sometimes into the night) it's nice to have a place I can grab a bite to eat and something to drink.
The wood burning stove puts out some really good pizza. The slices are a big high priced but they are HUGE, easily twice the size of a standard pizza slice. Oh, and they are really tasty. I also like to get either a plate lunch or just a couple pieces of their fried chicken, which is stellar. I don't know what they season it with but it's addictive.
Overall I can get a meal there for about $7 or $8, which is a good deal.From groceries to mardi grad beads and brick oven pizza, this place has it all! Adventures await you on either side of the second floor... I often find myself spending too much money on ridiculous costumes, trinkets and quirky items/gifts... all of which can be found "in the zone"This is one quirky, kooky, cool place!  The have a lot of fresh produce and meats from the owner's farm and I really like that.  On Friday's they have an insane deal where you can eat almost everything in the grill, deli, and prepared food section of the store for $19 and they had raw oysters, bbq, steak, pizza, fish, and all manner of other things going on.  The Friday special is just  an insanely good deal!  The owner's farm produce looks fantastic too.  They have a very eclectic selection of all sorts of different products and this is certainly one unique store.  They even have a selection of Mardi Gras beads, masks, and boas upstairs.  This is definitely a spot you will ONLY find in New Orleans!pros: always open, pretty large selection, near my house. some of the prepared foods in the deli are ok.
cons: everything is way overpriced. ridiculously overpriced. you can go to the Co-op a few blocks away and pay the same money and get great quality. also the vibe is really depressing. no one who works there is ever friendly. the place is on the dirty side too. i have instinctually avoided the pizza, and multiple people have told me it is horrible.
i think there is something weird going on with the management or something?? anyway, sometimes i end up there in a real pinch, maybe once or twice a month. which is saying something as i live just a few blocks away.Thank you for making my Thanksgiving morning memorable, and being as sweet and nice as ever! You were open on Thanksgiving morning, greeted me with a "Happy Thanksgiving sweetheart!" I got the few high quality ingredients I was missing for my breakfast, and I could cook what I wished: a wild boar and pork sausage creamy omelette with a side of semolino and parmesan polenta, coffee, and freshly baked brownies. Yum! Thanks and Happy Thanksgiving to you again!What a very strange place. First of all, why would you name a grocery store Mardi Gras Zone? For the longest time, I thought this place was a bead warehouse or something. (Clearly, I wasn't paying attention.) Also, it's easy to get it mixed up with Mardi Gras World, which is not the same thing at all. 
It's in an interesting spot (and actually sort of convenient to where I live, which is cool), and from the outside all it says is "Market" on an awning above the door. Unless I missed something, which is fairly likely. In any event, it looks ghetto as all hell, but it's really not, and on the inside it's huuuuuge. Way bigger than I thought it was going to be. 
They have all kinds of stuff. We went in looking for a few last minute things to make tacos, and I ended up getting greek yogurt, Luna bars, Odwalla juice, and a bunch of other Whole Foods type stuff. Ran into some friends, and while we were chatting they mentioned that Mardi Gras Zone was really expensive, so I was surprised when my total was only about $33, because it seemed like I got a lot of stuff. In any event, I don't have any complaints so far, and I think because I didn't feel like it was super expensive I decided to go with four stars over three. That, and because it's kinda sorta in my 'hood. 
Oddly, I couldn't find the beer. They sell it, right? They must.I understand the lack of access to organic and unique/gourmet groceries.
The 24 hour thing is great, the fact that it's local is great, BUT I have come to believe that this business intentionally uses those facts to take advantage of hiking up prices consistently.
      Almost every item I have bought in this place was close to expiration.  Also, EXPIRED.  Even when the products are not expired they'll be damaged.
Dented cans and boxes with stale and crumbling food inside at VERY VERY high prices.  Four out of five times I bought chocolate in that place, the chocolate was chalky and crumbling.
The quality of the items in the store are the same as Grocery Outlets but with the highest prices possible.
    I am still a patron of this store, since it's really one of the only places for me to go where I live.  Yes, I know people are charmed and loyal with the owner, I get it.  I was too at first.  I want to continue being a patron, but I just really want them to TRY HARDER at making sure their products improve.
    The neighborhood is quickly becoming gentrified and who knows when a trader joes will be around.  I want this place to survive.
     I am asking the owner to improve these things.  Also I have know a lot of people who worked there, and witnessed myself, the employees being mistreated.I stumbled into this place looking for an ATM, only to find an oasis of all things interesting.  After I got my money, I noticed the deli and ordered a sandwich.  While I was waiting on the sandwich, I wandered over to the drink aisle and saw what had to be the longest line of coolers with more variety than I knew existed.  From there, I was hooked.  Now it's on the must-stop-by list whenever I am in or near the Bywater.  You owe it to yourself to visit this place.  And before you leave, be sure to go upstairs and pick up some of the most reasonably priced high quality souvenirs to be found.This place has ok food and pizza but their prices are ridiculous and the dont buy from the grocery isle because alot of that stuff is stale. I bought ginger snaps that were so old they turned to powder at the touch of your hand. There has to be a better all-night grocery that accepts credit cards in New Orleans.Marigny innovation.
A New Orleans creation.
Locally sourced onions, pizza and curry.
You should totally stop by, but don't be in a hurry.
In the aisles you'll get lost.
Pay slighter above average costs.
Don't stress about cash, honey, they take plastic.
Try the deli section--the homemade food is fantastic!
Find cacao nibs, orangina, and canned things galore,
mardi gras stuff, mangosteen juice and more!They have some creative pizzas. $4 a slice fairly priced. Pretty much only good if it's fresh tho.This place is horrible!  I bought the spinach/artichoke/feta prepared salad and took two bites and realized it was spoiled.  I told them, and we looked, it expired 1 week earlier yet was still for sale!  They refunded me but the damage was done.  The next day vomiting all night with horrible food poisoning.  Sick as a dog, I thought I was going to die.  I called and the manager could care less.  Stay away from this place, they are horrible and the food will get you sick!Pizza is horrible and often old. . As some one that actually lives in the neighborhood I really would not mind if they were a neighborhood grocery store but they are more like one of those 24hr joints at busy intersection that sells a little of everything but does nothing really well. The late night business has nothiing to do with serving the neighborhood its more about the after bar crowd that comes in from uptown. I do apprciated being able to walk over to grab staples when I need them. Like I said if they were a neighborhood grocery that had more respect for homes and working folk tha live all around them I would like them more. Bottom line they try to do too much and could at least send a staff member down the block to pick up the wrappers and pizza plates off the street and people's steps once a day. If your going to be a neighborhood grocery you should be a good neighbor.
I had a plumber at my house that wanted to call the fire dept - because of the MGZ smoke he thought my house was on fire!  
Don't eat here: http://inspections.eatsafe.la.gov/Reports/36-0055849_2012-10-15_589966_Web%20Report.pdfI am in LOVE with this joint.  Everything about it.  The selection of healthy food is insane!  The deli is delicious.  So many drinks and snacks.  But my favorite?  The pizza!  I was embarrassed to say it was some of the best pizza I've ever had because I assumed it was a frozen crust type deal.  But then I noticed them kneading the crusts behind the counter as well as their brick oven.  It's a must to have a slice if you visit!This place is really unsuspecting from the outside, but once you  get inside it's quite amazing.  Not only do they have quite a variety of vegan/organic groceries they also make delicious vegan (and non-vegan) pizza in their wood-burning stove. So, if you are in Marigny or Bywater make sure to hit this place up.If you are mad at the M.Zone for not being Winn Dixie then you just don't understand M.Zone. This place is like a store in a small town! Healthy mixed with ethnic mixed with cheap diabetes fuel. It is great! They are nice and doing a service to a community. You have to go in with an open mind and the meal will create itself. If you are trying to make Rachel Rays latest recipe go to Winn Dixie and be lame.when it comes to makin' groceries, Mardi Gras Zone might could be the grail.  popping in for a pack of smokes is impossible; i could wander up and down their cramped aisles for hours.  
they have a HUGE selection of ethnic, gluten-free, vegan and other specialty food items.  they also carry a wide variety of green and natural brands that i love, like Mrs Meyers, Kiss My Face and good ole Dr. Bronner.  
not a huge selection of meat and produce - that's what the farmers market is for - and they don't have a license to sell liquor.  
oh yeah, pre-k, they were a souvenir warehouse so if you must have some penis beads to bring back to the folks in Kenosha, you can find them here.  
never ordered anything from the deli, but i've been told it's a spot on cure for your comfort food hankerings.
did i mention they are 24/7?  this place is crammed full of WIN!I stumbled upon this place when I was on a home tour of the Marigny and had a slice of their wood fired pepperoni pizza, which is what drove me back here again. What I liked about the pizza from here before is that the crust was lightly crisp, and the pepperoni was delicious. I'm sad to report that this was not the case today. I had to use both hands to lift the slice up off the plate, since the crust was so limp and soggy. Mind you, this pizza had just come out of the oven. I took one bite and tossed it in the trash. I can't even identify what it tasted like, but it was disgusting. Such a disappointment. I won't ever be going back here again for the pizza.in an area of town that still has ghosts of groceries stores past, this place is still here.   popping up after katrina, and albiet be "convenience" its still a huge store filled with tons of interesting international foods.   a wood fired oven provides great pizza and wonderful smells.   the deli is home cookin, with sue and coco  providing awesome home cooked meals to go.   lots of fresh veggies, and great cheeses.    lots of drinks, lots of chips, dips, and more.
its a tad expensive, but what isn't these days?   its a great place for people watching, its great for finding something you have never had.   I found tillamook pepper cheddar cheese!  yeah...   
I am glad that benny opened this, glad that its right there for mardigras parties at the den, and glad that you can find mardigras gifts and xmas stuff when you weren't shopping for it. 
thanks
and that chick barbara in the pizza place?   she knows that oven well ...   good folks and very new orleans.I don't care what negative things have been written about this place- I thought it was great!  Open 24 hours! All kinds of ethnic foods, Mardi Gras supplies- Really good pre-made deli dishes.  Too many cool things to browse through.Got a tilapia po-boy here last week and it was bland but serviceable, and overpriced at $7.99 for a six-inch version, but not horrendously so. Next time I need a po-boy at 11 p.m., I'll go to Hank's on St. Claude. Theirs are just zestier somehow. 
On the plus side, while I waited for the fish to fry, a friendly couple chatted with me about the dangers of genetically modified food. They also said my Coke was flavored with fetuses and monkey feces. 
So, overall an entertaining, informative and nourishing MGZ trip.Wow, didn't know what to expect walking in to the door but this place is pretty huge. Like so many other places in town and during Mardi Gras, this store was turned on its head. Sweet lady behind the counter made me smile on a dreary, rainy morning... Good job! Great spot for organic groceries and some on the cheap veggie/vegan food.Hipsters may rave about this place but it's much a-cool over nothing. Outrageously overpriced for horribly cardboard, bland 'organic' food. If I'm going to pay $200 for four bags of groceries every item is going to be amazing. This place - dirty, tight, cluttered and unremarkable. Winn Dixie here we come.Great convenience store for the neighborhood with prepared foods and fresh pizza. I've actually never made it much farther than the cold drinks cooler, but one day I will walk the aisles and check out everything else they have to offer.One of the weirdest and coolest finds! Pizza is solid and it's got all of the groceries you could dream of in this unassuming store.The Goat gets very happy that he can get Vegan pizza here.  The Goat thinks the Friday special for all you can eat is a good idea for non-Vegans but probably not so good for Vegans.  They have lots of very tasty, juicy, and wonderful smelling steaks and fish but are limited on the Vegan options once you get past the pizza.  The Goat has to admit the first time he came here he had been drinking a lot of vodka and he was so very hungry he is very ashamed to say he violated his strict Vegan diet while waiting for some new Vegan pizza to be cooked and that he broke down and sampled some steak and fish and it tasted very nice.  The Goat has genetic problems with digesting meat though so Goat had to pay a price of getting sick later.  
They do have several other nice Vegan choices and some very good locally grown produce that makes the Goat happy.  The prices here make Goat do a double take sometimes so he usually shops at Whole Foods instead but he likes to support local businesses.  Goat wishes the Vegan pizza tasted better but it is very inconsistent but sometimes is very tasty.  This is probably the best place for a Vegan to shop when in the area.  Eat more local organic produce and you will look, smell, and feel better like the Goat does!The best place to get anything organic, fair-trade or eco-friendly east of Canal street - and at any time of day or night! I would be in love with this store except they are pricey. An earlier reviewer was right - they're expensive like NYC bodegas, but have a really intriguing large selection of imports and hard-to-find things like Ezekiel Bread or PG Tips (best British tea ever). Very little produce to speak of (some local, none organic), but good enough to pick up the odd bunch of kale or ginger root at 3am. They have cleaning supplies, kitchenware (biodegradable plastic bags!), a small beauty/soap/shampoo section, a tiny pet area, and just odd, useful stuff like incense holders and lamp oil. The first two times I was there I missed the Mardi Gras and camping sections upstairs entirely.
I moved from San Francisco and I'm having to adjust from the splendid selections of Rainbow and Trader Joe's. This place helps fill the gaps. Whole Foods is actually (slightly) cheaper, but too far away and not a local business to boot.You would not expect this market to have so much variety but it does. They have a full grocery section with specialty items as well as many Mardi Gras items. There are even fun smoking accessories. They make bread and do all this cool stuff come check it out.This place is a little pricey for every day grocery items BUT their prepared foods are really good!  Their mac and cheese, vegetarian lasagne and vegetarian jambalaya in particular are excellent!  And priced very reasonably!  Now if I could just stay out of the ice cream department..
Oh!  And I was over-charged here on my debit card yesterday, but when I called today to complain, the manager asked for my receipt time stamp, checked the computer to verify and had a refund waiting for me when I stopped by on my way home from work.  The owner apologized and they were super nice.  I really expected it to be my word against theirs since the receipts aren't itemized.  So, whoot! for Mardi Gras Zone!I love this place. I am a night owl and i love having healthy options. When everything else is closed i can go there and get what i need. They used to allow dogs but not anymore according to Yelp. They didn't have any dried rosemary last time i was there & i don't like the fake milk options. I am a fan of Coconut milk now instead of Almond milk or Soy milk. But i do like their selection of cleaning products & potato chips and other snacks.  They even gave me a free gallon of water because i had bought 2 or 3. I like going there when i'm sick & need chicken soup or whatever. Their premade foods are great for those times. I love that they have all the kosher options even if i dont need them personally. They are more expensive than many other grocery stores. I prefer Trader Joes personally. But if i need them they are close by & always open and you cant beat that!Oh, Mardi Gras Zone, I shake my fist at you and damn you to the deepest hell, but I just can't quit you.
Mardi Gras Zone used to piss me off, but now I just see it as eccentric and charming.  Mardi Gras Zone is a store that doesn't exactly know what it wants to be when it grows up, and that's OK.  I've seen it through its infancy (started as a warehouse), the terrible twos (the post-Katrina beginnings, where you could buy a bag of rotten potatoes for 10 bucks), its awkward early-adolescence (I'm gonna be a gourmet grocery!  I'm gonna get my liquor license!  I'm gonna stock foreign foods no one wants, like Marmite*!  I'm gonna have organic produce from the owner's farm!  I'm gonna make pizza!), and its current rebellious teen years (I WILL NEVER STOCK THE ITEMS YOU WANT, AND YOU CAN'T MAKE ME!).  There's really not a whole lot of rhyme or reason to what they stock nowadays--they eschew mainstream, brand-name tortilla chips in favor of expensive organic ones, but they stock Krispy Kreme and Starbucks.  They have one brand of canned black beans, but you can find 20 varieties of curry paste.  Want some bread?  Oh, you're in luck!  They have like four shelves of different types of pita bread, some of which is melting because it's the kind you store in the fridge BAKE YOURSELF, not the kind you slap on a shelf in August.  
Which brings me to the atmosphere--I have no idea why they bother to stock half the stuff they do if they're not going to invest in air conditioning in the building.  I was in there about a month ago and there were like 6 cases of melted candy bars.  Come on, Benny.  It's hot as hell in the summer and cold as a witch's tit in the winter.  There's no climate control whatsoever, and you want me to pay 10 bucks for a thing of jasmine rice?  You know damn well that that's not only unwelcoming to customers, it's unsafe for the food.  
Oh and check the expiration dates on the products; sometimes they're old.
Don't get me wrong, I really do love Mardi Gras Zone.  It reminds me of my drunken schizophrenic dad in a way.  Ridiculous, incomprehensible, but somehow still endearing.
*From what I understand, I'm the only one who bought the Marmite, so they stopped stocking it.A lot of the stuff is expensive but god do I love this place! Great staff and is a great place to grab stuff on the go, especially when Krewe du Vieux comes through!Stopped to get pizza to go before going to wait in an hour and a half line to pick up Mardi Gras throws. Got 4 slices of pepperoni, a water, and a coke for the two of us. Pizza guy was friendly and cool. The store itself is very neat. Like a small grocery/dept store/Mardi Gras supply store. Little dirty.
The pizza itself was pretty good. But just a wee bit too greasy. Cashier guy seemed nice enough, but also like he was up to late the night before and kinda distant. We were satisfied tho.Great fod selectionNot only does the pizza and prepared food still suck, but thanks to the management's scheme to open a (non-certified) "organic" farm somewhere in Louisiana, it is no longer possible to buy a dozen eggs here for less than five dollars. It is, however, still possible for Louisiana Purchase card (read: food stamps)-bearing crusties to buy their kombucha at four bucks a pop. This neighborhood needs a supermarket that working class people can afford. Mardi Gras Zone is not that place.I've been hearing about the amazing MG Zone for years. And I finally stopped in last month. I can see why the neighborhood folks love it. This shop really does sell a little bit of everything. Fancy canned goods, basic dog food, prepared foods, veg-friendly stuff, it's all there. 
Yes I can see that some stuff may age out on the shelf, but really what grocery exists where you don't have to check the expiration dates. 
I enjoyed my perusal and I did feel like a tourist in a strange land... And then I headed back to my part of town which evidently hoards all the grocery stores so the rest of the city can't have any.Are you kidding me? I give it 5 stars for just sitting and people watching. They definitely make a "good" pizza here.....not great but it was gooood. I had fun just watching the people stagger in this place.Lots of drinks to pick from, and this is where you can get your organic quinoa,for those of you who are into that.  It's 24 hours, which means a lot when it's 3am and you are out of something essential.  But also the prices are.....umm........how shall I say?  Bizarre.  Who in their right mind is going to pay $2.49 for a few ounces of yogurt?  I don't care if it IS in a cute little glass jar.  The Dr. Bronner's soap is the right price, and the naan is half the price of other places.  The pre-made mixers for alcoholic drinks?  They were looking somewhat elderly, I wouldn't have used them.So much for the neighborhood convenience store!
I've been shopping here for years and recently it's gotten worse and worse and tonite, I've officially divorced mardi gras zone from my life.  Not only has it gotten remarkably more and more expensive, the products have gotten less diverse and all the great overnight staff, seemsto be gone and all's that's left is the grumpy chain,smoking larger man. Even with all that, I've still been a loyal customer just not as frequently as my former nightly visits. Tonight, stopping on my way home from work, the man asked me to leave my bag which is my purse at the front. I work in a hotel and come home with cash, there's no way I'm leaving my purse with some stranger at the front. This stupid used to be a neighborhood store and now they treat the neighborhood like we are criminals? I'm disgusted, disappointed and will never give another dollar to this establishment. I will even take it one step further and make sure everyone I know and everyone who asks, will hear of how disgraced they made me feel!This place is truly a "Diamond in the Rough"! Located in a cute little neighborhood in New Orleans Uptown and is definitely worth a stop in! 
They have everything from food (pizza, donuts, king cake, salads, sandwiches) to grow very items and of course MARDI GRAS NECESSITIES (beads, masks, boas, and more)!!!! 
I stopped by to have lunch and pick up a few things and I must say I am impressed with the levels of service and the quality of food! 
I definitely will be back!!!Family owned, 24 hours, assorted fancy treats and trinkets. What else could one want?Bonkers. I became immediately obsessed with this place from the first day on a recent vacation.
We were staying in the St. Claude/Bywater area just north of St. Claude and needed a grocery store nearby that was open at 9:30pm. MGZ showed up on Yelp and I went there with my brother.
First of all it's just a single door sized door on a huge building, no sliding double glass here! When you walk in there's a built-in pizzeria to your left and a deli counter to your right. Walk straight past both and the registers and the room opens up to a huge warehouse-like grocery store. There is a staircase to an open second mezzanine story that claims to have all the Mardi Gras supplies you'll ever need. To the right in the hallway of refrigeration with rows of reach-in deli coolers and open produce reach-ins going into the distance.
We bought groceries, wine, hot pizza, small cigars (for my niece and her boyfriend) and other stuff. All was reasonable.
I would go back just for the funky, righteous vibe. I went every day I was there and couldn't stop suggesting it to everyone.Don't punch me for saying, "Only in New Orleans." (You don't have to drink a shot or buy me a beer either).  Once a Mardi Gras store/bead warehouse, it's now so much more.
Like a grocery store, a health food store and food court too!
Don't worry, you can still get your beads and the like on the upstairs mezzanine (I haven't made it up there yet, so I can't comment as to selection and prices). But now you can also get soy milk! And kitty litter! And Maca and Spirulina! (These are all things I did or will buy). There are also outside food vendors setting up shop because this place is that big. I doubt their hours are 24 like the rest of the store, but don't quote me on that. 
I came here because I had heard that the Superfood Bar had set up shop recently and I was jonesing for a maca smoothie or a cacao shake or an avocado smoothie. I think it felt akin to 'roid rage when I was told that Superfood had left the building. Thankfully, they left behind some of their products (the aforementioned jars of Spirulina and Maca) and the kind lady behind the counter pointed out they also sell goji berries, raw nuts and energy bars and the like. Oh and the Superfood products are 10% off for now, so I can't complain (I got my smoothie fix today when I went Uptown). 
I look forward to updating this review when I can make a list of more strange juxtapositions! The store is an oxymoron masterpiece waiting to happen...A crazy mix of pizza spot/convenience store/healthy grocery store and deli. 
Amazing vegetarian options like veggie jambalaya and veggie lasagna, and yummy (giant) hoagies. There are a few seats to eat at or you can take it to go. 
Great staff. We were visiting for the weekend, and I really wish I had this store near us at home!A great shop in the Bywater. There's not a lot of grocery stores in New Orleans proper and definitely no natural grocers. Mardi Gras Zone, despite its name, has a little bit of everything from vitamins, kombucha, and ice cream to Seventh Generation tampons. It was very surprised with the selection here. They also have some to-go prepared meals.This place confused the hell out of me. Why do you have an 18 pack of jumbo crayons but no scotch tape? Rows of coolers with funky tea drinks but no Gatorade. One woman asked me where the band-aids were, she couldn't find them anywhere, and I said I had no idea, but did she think they had any dry shampoo? Inexplicably, they also have pizza and a nice selection of those over-sized saint candles. 
It's like someone's kooky aunt Bea and her rambunctious nephew are in charge of the inventory. Convenient location and hours though, so I guess all in all it's sort of endearing.I am pretty new to the happenings of the Bywater. I have decided recently that I am going to buy a place down there and figured that I should start getting to know the neighborhood spots. With no bright sign outside, just one above your head that says "Market", there is Mardi Gras Zone. Upon walking in, it doesn't look like it has too much to offer but when walking around, one realizes that it's a full on grocery store with everything for just about everyone--even with some organic items too. There is a guy to the left cooking pizza in a woodfire oven also that sells slices for $3.50 a piece but you might as well go a head and get a whole pie because they are amazing. Upstairs there's so much fun stuff from feather masks, hats, boas, my son even got one of those dried up alligator heads, and more. 
It's really fun to people watch too. Lots of characters coming in and out and it's open 24/7.
This pretty much sums it up: We were in there the other night and enjoyed our pizza listening to a local 3 piece band while drinking an Odwalla and then a pint of ice cream with our newly purchased alligator head. I mean, come on. Where else can you do THAT?This place is a mixed bag - it is the only store currently selling any sort of reasonably fresh produce in the Marigny and Bywater area, but the selection is pretty bare. There are some quality cheeses (parmesano reggiano, though, is conspicuously absent), you can get odd items like brine pickles, fresh bottled lemon or lime juice, any sort of noodle, cracker or rice you can imagine, olives, etc. It definitely has the condiment market sewn up.
It's very expensive to shop here, though, and it has very little in the way of produce or meats. What produce they do have is unreliable - i.e., sometimes there are green onions, sometimes not, sometimes there is parsley, sometimes not. And BTW, why does ANYONE bother with curly parsley (which they always seem to have)? It's a useless abomination.Hi, I bought a frozen crawfish bread, all I can say is where's the crawfish? Good bread..Sure, it's overpriced and the staff could be friendlier and the produce selection sucks (though they're trying), but you have to admire a place where you can choose from dozens of microwavable Indian ready-made meals and four different brands of jarred roux at 4 in the morning. 
My main problem with MGZ these days is their pretty lousy pizza setup: after spending what looked like tens of thousands of dollars on a custom built brick pizza oven, the end result is a practically inedible skinny slab of tough dough that they have the gall to charge nearly four bucks a slice for. 
It's evident that the staff working the pizza counter doesn't know the first thing about making pizza - all you have to do is watch them stand there and worry the dough endlessly to know that the end product is going to suck (too much handling makes for tough dough, plus I don't think they know how to work the over properly to get it hot enough.) 
A shame, because a halfway decent pizzeria in this part of the the Marigny would be a welcome addition to the neighborhood.For late night slices this place is not just the only option but it is pretty solid. Sometimes they have vegan / gluten free options as well. When your hungry at 1-2-3-4am it's a great place to get a bite.The best place in New Orleans to get hand tossed pizza and fresh deli food. They also have beer and wine and are open 24/7.
Highly recommended great staff and a family owned local grocery.Very good pizza friendly staff...apparently you can not bring in a personal bag. A cashier yelled at me one day for carrying my back pack into the store. A bit pricey but great comfort foodAmazing staff, the kindest owner on the planet.... I wouldn't wish my neighborhood corner store to be owned by anyone other than Mr. Benny Naghi (and no one paid me to say that - I've never even met him face to face). He feeds the community free on Monday nights - do you see the big chain stores doing that (hint: nope)..? I hear consistently how he helps out the community, which means I know there's more that I don't hear about. I've seen him working just as hard (if not harder) than his employees, and he seems so warm and genuinely interested in taking care of his patrons. From a neighborhood resident's perspective, I can REALLY appreciate that. 
I wish I knew more of the staff's names -- that one guy with brown hair who's been there forever is always so friendly and kind  to my wife and I, and Barbara who makes pizza is just fantastic and always willing to help. The old out-of-tune piano upstairs is fantastic. The selection of Zapps and Big Shot sodas are what make me feel like home. Their products cater to the neighborhood consistently. Their deli lasagna is absolutely fantastic -- both the meat and veggie. The weekly cake selection is excellent. The jambalaya is great. The Alfredo is great. 
If I had to complain about something? Their coffee is never strong enough for me. Sometimes there's a pizza guy there in a cowboy hat who really needs to smile more. I stopped getting pizza when he works just because he always looks grumpy - I'm sure he's a great guy. Sometimes the already-made pizza has been sitting out too long but it's still SOOO tasty.  Anyway --- this store IS New Orleans. If you're reading a review I'm assuming you're thinking of going? Go. Don't blink. Go. :)let's say you have a love for variety, but no idea how to layout, organize, or reliably stock a store, nor any interest in learning.   your crazy grocery store might just manage to persist in a food desert, no matter what your prices. especially if you're open 24 hours.
mardi gras zone!This place is so odd and not in a good way. What sort of store is this? We were not greeted, nothing. Everything was covered in a thin layer of dust. No rhyme or reason to any of it. I didn't see pizza, prepared foods, king cakes, etc. All I saw both a creepy and and odd place with random groceries that may or not be spoiled and safe to eat...I must disclaim: I'm a New Yorker. I was visiting the Big Easy, and at some point ended up at a bar in Marigny. It was 1 am, and I was quite peckish. I asked one of the locals for a food place in the area, and she suggested Mardi Gras Zone.
Definitely an awesome place, somewhere between a bodega and a supermarket. I believe it's open 24/7, and they have a deli that is apparently staffed round the clock.
I got a catfish po' boy made-to-order, and it was absolutely delicious. 
And the guy behind the counter was absolutely charming. We talked about hot sauces for a good 15 minutes.
The place is kind of hard to find. The entrance is nondescript, with no apparent marker, and no windows. (It was nighttime, maybe I just didn't see it). You just have to take it on faith that, yes, there is something awesome inside.I cannot recommend this place. Over priced, sub-standard products. This is where you might go if there is nothing else open, late at night, etc.. Be sure to ask for a receipt and double check prices. It seems many of the items on the shelf are old and might have been purchased in bulk from some place going out of business.  Fortunately we will have a new grocery store on St Claude and Elysian Fields opening soon. We've been subjected to Mardi Gras Zone ever since the storm (2005) but soon we will have another option.This place is so bizarre and so New Orleans. It's a mish-mosh of overpriced groceries, festival trinkets, a deli, a pizza shop, and - supposedly - a laundromat upstairs. It's open 24 hrs.
For awhile after I moved to the neighborhood, I wrote this place off. But then I started trying the deli items. They're expensive. But... Some of the food and desserts are delicious. Now I've discovered the soups. I've tried a couple vegetarian soups and they are the BOMB!
I did finally try the pizza (it's only available sometimes) and it was probably the third best pizza I've had in New Orleans. That's not saying much, but I'm a Chicago pizza snob and found this really good. The crust is made with cornmeal, which is a key win.
Did I mention it's 24/7?Love the fact that in this area there's a place you can walk in for pretty much anything you could need. They have selections of specialty item foods, liquor, healthcare, groceries, and prepared food (both hot and cold). The customer service is great! They're always sweet, and helpful. Definitely recommend stopping in here even if you don't want anything - they probably have something you just didn't yet know you needed to buy.