The food was great nice character! We sta on the porch durining lunch time with a beer I really enjoyed watching the cars go by something I dont get a chance to do.....Loved IT!Great ambiance. I love smoky flavors, and Marje's is like Eau de Smoke perfume. Not only if the food great, but there are quite a few satisfying selections that meet the Weight Watchers criteria for good choices. Bonus! And friendly service.The. Greens. 
Changed my life. They are vegan and an orgasam for your mouth. 
Also loved the wok fired shrimp, ask for spicy. It's like an Asian New Orleans style BBQ shrimp. Buttery and delicious. Soak up with a side of rice. I think an Asian bread or nan would be a good addition to the menu to sop up the juice, but the rice was a good. 
The radishes were grilled with the tops on them and so tender. If you loved cooked greens like me you will enjoy the surprising taste and texture of the tops.Not your typical touristy place.  Not far from the French Quarter.  Plain decor, very friendly staff who are fully engaged in making their place a success.  Innovative dishes- asian seasoning of american staples.  Nicely presented.  Eating here just made me smile.  Restaurants are tough business.  This one definitely deserves to succeed.  Many established places will charge you more and give you a less enjoyable meal than you will get here.Was excited to see Marjie's open earlier this week! For my first meal, I tried the daily special (coal-grilled Sheepshead with citrus and dill) with three of their sides: sweet potatoes, crispy cabbage and radish salad, and braised greens. All were delicious. Fun casual atmosphere with a great beer selection. I'll be back to try more. Want to eat the whole menu.HALLELUJAH!
Some innovative, INTERESTING, DARING southeast Asian food in NOLA! (And in my neighborhood no less!) The food here is far different from what you'll get at your standard New Orleans Vietnamese restaurant, and light years away from a local Thai place. Everything we ate was aggressively seasoned (and by that I mean perfectly seasoned), cooked to perfection, and unlike anything else in the city.
I've been struggling with the new restaurants in the city because I feel like everyone is doing the same thing - crudos, pastas, flatbreads blah blah blah. Marjie's Grill is wholly unique, and wholly delicious.
Stand outs:
- The charred cabbage salad: This really reminded me of something that would come out of Grandmother's kitchen. Somehow managed to be cooked and doused in delicious sauce but still feel fresh.
- The charred pig knuckles: I always appreciate a restaurant that's ballsy enough to put stuff like this on the menu. If you're not an adventurous eater, I think this is a great gateway into all things beautiful and chewy. TRY IT!
- The half BBQ chicken: This stole the show. You get half of a *perfectly barbecued* chicken, a huge pile of herbs and a delicious sauce. You're instructed to essentially make your own lettuce wraps out of the herbs and top them with the sauce. So yummy. So so yummy. Dreaming about eating this again.
Other notes:
- The restaurant ambiance is very casual- they're currently building a back patio that will be a total game changer.
- Happy hour Tues-Fri 4:30-6:30Cute, clean and casual. Happy and helpful employees. Enjoyed the little that I had, pork rinds and hush puppies, and special cocktail. Looking forward to trying again soon.We honestly found this place on a whim, but my goodness was the food delicious and the service warm! My wife had the fried catfish and I had the fried chicken with sweet potato (pictured). They were crusted in cornmeal (which has a unique crunch and is very helpful for people with gluten allergies) and coated in a delicious spice blend. The prices were reasonable and every employee we met was awesome. We'll definitely be back soon!3 1/2 would be about right.  They serve wonderfully grilled meats and veggies that beg for a sauce, aioli, or a warm chutney. They have the beginnings of something great but it is a bit dry and unsatisfying
.Just fantastic!  The decor is pretty basic, but the wait staff was really friendly and charming. 
We had some great vegetable sides, the catfish (really incredible) and a slow grilled pork with rice. 
Will definitely be back!I hate leaving a bad review, but maybe I can save someone else's night out. First, it's so loud in here when it's crowded that unless you're skilled in lip reading you won't be able to have a conversation with the people you are with. The squid appetizer was so heavily battered that you can't taste the actual squid. Everyone else's dishes were so-so and too spicy. We had the honey butter chicken, crab watermelon salad and sweet potato side. Staff was nice though!Jesus!  This place is a sleeper.  The Food, LIFE CHANGING!  The Service...couldn't be any sweeter. The Fried Pickles are so good, they disappears before I could take a picture.Pretty darn good. Nice, quaint dining establishment.
The lamb ribs were phenomenal, but I would not recommend eating it all by yourself. It is a rich dish that was too heavy for me to eat by myself. My friend enjoyed the sheepshead dish.
Just a heads up that many of the dishes have shrimp or seafood components, so if you are allergic this may not be the best place to go.
It would be best to go with a group of 4 or larger so that you can do family style. I will be back to try some of the other dishes. The chicken looked delicious.Setting is simple but nice. Service was attentive--couldn't ask for anything more. Location is a bit out of the way but perfect if you're going to/from the Broad Movie Theater. Prices are very reasonable.
As for the food--yum! Went with a group of 7 friends which allowed us to try a variety of things including some specials. Everything was good, some outstandingly so.
Favorites--Brussel sprouts which I thought would be the whole sprout but was more like a slaw. Apparently today was the first day this was on the menu. It should never leave. Delicious. Smokey mushrooms--I'm not always a big mushroom fan but this was divine; only got a bite or two of it--next time I want the whole plate to myself.
The Pig Tail is kinda like pork belly and very yummy.
Also very good were the Cracklins, which came out hot and fresh; the soy glazed catfish w/pickled onions; and the large format dishes--slow-grilled chicken, pork shoulder steak and a special of tenderloin tips. If some bites of the pork steak and tips were a bit fatty/grisly I guess that's the nature of the beast. Most of them were tender, juicy and scrumptious.
A;ready looking forward to returning to try some of the other items on the menu. Please do try this place as I hope it has a long life ahead of it.I LOVE Marjie's Grill. First, I walked in and the place smelled amazing. And when I tasted the food, I was still just as impressed. My friend L and I ordered a bunch of stuff that I can't remember anymore, but everything was very tasty. If they are serving grilled sweet potatoes, get them. I also really loved the pork knuckles. 
Do yourself and favor and eat here!Really creative fusion of SE Asian and southern cuisine.   We had a few highly discerning foodies with us and everyone left happy and full.   Favorites included the smoked mushrooms, the wet batter chicken, sweet potatoes, and pork shoulder.   It's a very casual spot (think paper towels, jam jars for glasses, etc.).  Looking forward to getting back and trying additional items on the menu.Such a fun and eclectic restaurant! The food is delicious and the staff is friendly and attentive. We always try dishes we would never have chosen before but it turns out to be the most wonderful, tasty food. I had the pork bellies which were great but the fried chicken is the best in town.Great flavorful dishes! A wonderful addition. Only issue, prices are on the high side for portion size and casual atmosphere.Deeelicious food!! Friendly service!!
Southern cuisine with Southeast Asian flavors!!!Marjie's grill is a great concept executed well.  Southeast asian flavors with an emphasis on the grill and a little funk.  I have been in twice so far and plan on making it a regular stop.  The changing menu means I find new and interesting dishes every time I go in.  A highlight was a cross-section of pork shoulder grilled and served with a light fish sauce dipping sauce and a variety of herbs and leafy greens for wrapping.  It was intensely flavorful and a great dish to share among the table.  Sharing really is the emphasis and I highly recommend order an assortment of plates for the table and trying it out.  I would like to see an expansion of their happy hour - although advertised as running until 6:30 we were informed it finished at 5:30 when we arrived - which isn't much for a working stiff such as myself.  That being said the pig tail happy hour special is utterly ridiculous goodness so I still left full and happy.Go here. It's Southern and seasonal ingredients filtered through a Southeast Asian prism. We had:
* the wok-fried shrimp with ramen-style noodles--I kept eating the jumbo shrimp well after I was full, because they were too good not to finish;
* grilled mullet, a whole fish that looked great but, according to the person who ordered it, didn't have a lot of meat on it;
* the cracklins, little fried squares of skin each with its own quarter-inch of fat attached; 
* the som tam salad, like a Thai green papaya salad but with local winter-vegetable ingredients;
* charred broccoli, the only dish that came up short for me--too much topping obscured the flavor of the broccoli;
* coal-roasted sweet potatoes, delicious.
Things tend to be a little to a lot spicy, so beware if that's an issue for  you. I took one star off because my companion asked about the fish and was told it was not spicy at all, but it was. Not very, but use that as a baseline--"not spicy at all" here means "a little bit spicy."4/5 you'll smell like smoke when you leave but you'll have a happy belly!
i'll admit skepticism when i first heard about this, and easily avoided it because i don't normally stop at this point on broad. but a colleague and i made a try once, and recently went back with a bud. i'm going to say that this is fair game for solid rotation. the big dishes in the $20ish range are easily shareable (hello, pork steak!) and are bright and fun. if you offered me that pork knuckle dish we'd achieve a new level of friendship. i think the glasses and silverware are also fun and quirky and contribute interest like all the bold flavors and spices in the dishes.
there were chill on my recent trip and let me order a "lunch" dish during dinner, so you might try asking to see what else they may have! i need to come for proper lunch to try their set plates - that kind of offering is definitely my jam.
parking can get a little tricky - if you're lucky there will be something on broad, but i've also been able to park along the side street next to ideal market. also, be mindful of what you wear in because it'll smell smoked by the time you finish your meal!Very interesting original concept perfectly pairs Asian flavors with flavors of the South. Cool location and friendly casual atmosphere. Great for the meat eater or the vegetarian diner.Marjie's is delicious and the staff is great.  Such a cute, casual new spot in an old house....we've sat inside but the back patio is our favorite.  The ribs, fried chicken and tomato salad are must orders but everything is tasty!!I couldn't decide what to order and thank god the prices are reasonable enough that I was able to order everything I was considering. My instincts were correct everything was good. I was polite I did not stand up and scream DAMN! I told my food mate I may need to step outside and scream because my fish was so efn good!  I want to do the dance that happens when food taste so good it tickles your bones. I can't give you an exact description of the style because it is southern ingredients and it is southern food but they gave it a Asian kiss but that description doesn't match the beauty of flavors. I don't want to paint a picture that can only be tasted. Just go you don't need a lot of $$ bring your appetite.Amazing food, great service, and a really neat atmosphere. They were super accommodating  with my food allergies, which is hard to find in New Orleans. We got 6 or so plates to share amongst a few people and we loved everything. Definitely will be back soon!Wow! Despite the casual simplicity of the atmosphere, the good was over the top delicious and the service percent.  I had a drink called Isabelle's Sour to start. So good!   The jumbo gulf shrimp with garlicky chili-lime sauce was impeccably cooked and we LOVED the whole fried specked trout. It came with a salad that was interesting tasty fresh. I'd like to buy some of the watermelon radishes and winter melon for use at home, as they made it extra special and beautiful.Great food. Pork Jowl was awesome! Eat it like a taco wrapped in herbs. Fried chicken was also great.what a wonderful surprise. Really good food, the two of us ordered several dishes, veggie and seafood and loved each one. Everything was so well seasoned and the service was very good. Looking forward to a return visit.Very cool, eclectic small out of the way place a local friend took us to. We shared several plates, all of which were excellent in both concept and execution. Among our dishes were riblets, fried chicken, grilled shrimp, grilled swordfish, broccoli salad, wintermelon, and shishito peppers. All were fantastic - great blending/layering of flavors in each dish. I highly recommend this little gem.The crab, cucumber salad was light and fresh. The fried catfish over rice was good. The yams on the side were delicious. The staff was courteous and very helpful. I wasn't too into plastic plates and it really smelled of smoke from cooker.A hole in the wall decor, but maybe that's the vibe of this restaurant where the focus is on the food.
And what excellent food it was.  The wintermelon salad was a yuge surprise.  As a true blue Viet I'm used to eating it cooked in a soup or as candied "mut." This version is fire!  The beef tongue, grilled catfish and Thai grilled chicken rounded out the meal.  
I'm not usually a fan of the "Asian fusion" joints because I'm a snooty Saigon born and bred Vietnamese, but somehow this place works for me. Definitely would be back.Wow! Really amazing food. Something special for the city. Creative approach to interesting cuts of meat. Asian flavors, touching on Vietnam and Thailand. Smoked mushroom salad, fried pig tails (like pork belly), coal charred sweet potato...damn! 
Can't wait to come back, and hope the city doesn't sleep on this joint. One of my new favorite places! Can't wait to hit the lunch.Wonderful find off the beaten track!  A terrific take on the southern meat and three where local food and Southeast Asian flavors blend for a fabulous, well-priced meal. The banh mi was delicious!The food was soo good; interesting & unique marriage of southeast Asian with contemporary southern. Everything was fresh with lots of local & seasonal ingredients; the flavor profiles of dishes was well-balanced and perfectly executed. Casual atmosphere. Went with a group of friends and enjoyed how easy it was for "family-style" dining (sharing the portions around). Will definitely return!I flew into town and heard about Marjie's Grill. WOW !!! I came for dinner and am back two days later to try lunch. 
I love southern food but this chef takes it to a new level, bringing tastes from Southeast Asia to the southern meats and greens. The porkbelly with herbs and a dipping sauce was my personal fav the first time but the grilled sheephead today is just delicious. Try it. This place is good-- very good!Amazing. Couldn't stop eating it was so good! Smoked fish fritters, broccoli salad, sweet potatoes= damn. Fish entree was fab especially the SAUCES!!! I sampled my parents shrimp and steak and they were also great! Finished it off with the key lime pie and pecan pie to share. Side dishes are easy to share with 3 people. So get a few! Highly recommended! I will be back!I'm going to say this with all seriousness: Marjie's Grill is serving the best, most interesting food in NOLA right now. I eat there a lot, 3-6 times/month. I've had every dish on the menu and so many specials. I've taken almost every visitor and local friend. All agree.I have been dying to try out this restaurant for the longest (seriously, nonstop insta-stalking). What really caught my attention was the flavor combination that they were working with, Southeast Asian and Southern spices, and I definitely wanted to see how it will be executed. 
First off, the atmosphere of the restaurant is so lax and you can immediately sense that your meal is going to be prepared with some TLC! And honestly, that's what I felt when I ate my meal. 
I had the gulf fish over popcorn rice with two sides, the spring green salad and the the vinagery root vegetable side (I can't remember the name of it). My friend had the pork and grilled cabbage. Both were delicious because the flavors reminded me of my mom's cooking. The spring green salad was delicious. There was a mix of bitter greens, thin sliced watermelon radishes, and (I think) a light fish sauce dressing. The protein on both plates were seasoned well, however, I think the overall saltiness of both dishes with sides over powered everythinggggg. I wanted more rice to balance out the flavors on my plate, and more water. The spicy sauce drizzled over the pork could be reduced by a tad because the rice became soaked in it also, which just made everything salty and you had nothing neutral to balance out any of the flavors. I finished my entire plate anyways since everything was pretty good. 
Other than my own saltiness, I enjoyed my experience here and will definitely come back to try other dishes!Awesome chicharrones, and the shrimp with cabbage were outstanding. If you come to NOLA to eat, step off the beaten path and come here!It seems like every article I've read about new restaurants keeps mentioning Marjie's Grill, so I had it on my list. When Chef Goodenough from Carrollton Market mentioned how good the Cubanh Mi special is, I moved it to the top of my list and made a point of getting over there.
I stopped in for lunch and it was perfect timing because the crowd was thinning out. Of course, I knew what I wanted so I ordered the Cubanh Mi and eagerly waited for my mind to be blown- and blown it was. If you're a fan, in any capacity, of Cuban sandwiches, this sandwich is a must. It's braised smokey rib meat on a pressed Ideal Market roll, with mozzarella, herbs, chilis and hot mustard. It was delcious! The rib meat was tender, juicy and flavorful, the chillis added the perfect amount of kick and the cheese brought the whole thing together. It was like an Asian Cuban sandwich and they NEED to make this a regular part of their menu. The sandwich is $12 and I ate half for lunch and had the rest for dinner.
The staff here is friendly and the decor is adorable. They have a patio outside, but it was in the 30s on the day I was here, so that will have to wait for another time. They have a very eclectic menu, and check out their Instagram because they're always posting yummy food pics.Wonderful place for lunch or dinner! It's a casual vibe with solid food! The lunch time is an "order at the counter, and they deliver to your table", but dinner is a slightly more formal "please wait to be seated at a table" affair. Flavors of the locally sourced seafood are varied but with lots of Asian influence and super yummy! Fresh produce and herbs (some grown on site) accompany most food items, which come in small and large plates at dinner. Lunchtime is simpler: just pick a protein and 2 or 3 sides and is so affordable. At night, the bar is fairly robust and there are some unique cocktail options to share at the table! I've gotten the fish everytime I've been for whatever meal and I LOVE it! The papaya salad is also the bomb! The back patio dining is precious and sweet and you pass by their grill and smoker as you go back there. (It's very clean, too!)  Idk what else to tell you except that this place is a hidden gem for locals and local chefs! Bon appetit!We ate dinner here yesterday, which was a Saturday night.  We arrived around 6:30 to avoid any potential wait (sorry, no reservations for small parties).  This place is not in my favorite area, so we also wanted to allow some time to troll for a safe spot to park.  That being said, Fharmacy Nola is right around the corner, and I'll park wherever to get at that burger.  
The food was killer.  I had no idea what to expect, but everything we ate, we loved.  For the record, the food here is 5/5 IMHO.  We had grilled shishito peppers, grilled okra salad, pig knuckles, shrimp, pork jowls and the chicken.  So many good bites, it's overwhelming.  All of our dishes were served family style, so everyone tried everything.  But when it came to the entrees, much less sharing was happening.  My favorite and my entree were the pork jowls.  Excellent!  Nice rim of marbling with tons of seasoning.  The meet was served with some lettuce wraps and some kind of sauce.  The lettuce wraps were a nice way to take a heavy and fatty meat and lighten it up.  
Angelo Brocato's is fairly close, maybe a mile or so away.  There was discussion as to whether we should partake in Marjie's dessert vs 2nd location.  The nuclear option of course is to eat two desserts which I supported.  At any rate, we had the chess pie and galette from Marjie's.  Both very tasty.  Dessert was the weak link in the dinner, but that's not because the pie or galette weren't tasty.  The main fare was just so damn good.  
The restaurant itself is quaint.  Tables are close together and they keep it just a few degrees too warm for me.  That may have something to do with yesterday's weather that topped out at around 90.  Our server was Polli.  She was enthusiastic and attentive.  This place is really casual.  The service was solid and friendly.  
Overall, we will definitely repeat Marjie's Grill.  Excellent food in a tough location with limited parking.  Still...worth it.It has been said that a bad day in New Orleans beats a good day anywhere else, and with only a few exceptions I agree. My advice to avoid a bad day in New Orleans?  Eat at Marjie's. Problem solved. There's nothing bad on the menu. The staff is incredible, the soundtrack is always great, the drink I get is restorative (Rad Jam) and the place is funky cool. The place almost embodies New Orleans itself when you see the diversity o the patrons, the friendliness of the people and the quality (and creativity) of the food and the all important presence of music. 
Find a parking spot around the corner, watch out for driveways and prepare to be impressed. And go ahead and plan your next trip too.Came here for lunch while visiting for a conference. Service was ok, we didn't know that you have to go up and place your order so we ended up sitting there for some time. Expected amazing flavor since it was on Tripple D however compared to others it was mediocre. Don't get me wrong, the food was good but nothing to write home about. I ordered the honey butter yardbird and beef ribs. The ribs were my fave. The portions in my opinion were small. Wasn't outstanding, just ok.Everything was amazing...  it's a tapas style restaurant so portions are small, but they are each little morsels of love and flavor.  We loved all the veggie dishes.   Highly recommended.Marjie's is one of our FAVORITE restaurants...we send everyone there, locals and visitors. They are always as blown away as we are by the food here. BUT...when it gos wrong, it's completely wrong. 
It's only happened once, and we will give it one more try. Fingers crossed, stay tuned. 
Since you're wondering, a quick list: smoked chicken leg raw inside (which was mansplained to me as normal. Yeah...NOT). Smashed cucumbers - a side I adore, this time was a SALT BOMB. The"charred" squid had no char and was semi-raw, which is not good on squid. And I love shallots, so when I saw grilled shallots on the menu, I HAD to try them. So...the grilled "shallots" were cut up scallions with the roots still attached. yuk.  We brought these things to the attention of the owners, they were polite enough, but we didn't even point out all of the things that were wrong with the meal--they really didn't want to hear it. In the end, we were starved and we ate it-but the love affair is definitely over.So good!  Food was smart, masterfully executed, and well presented. Service was on point, gracious and professional. You need to go here. The ceviche and shrimp are jammin.  Go now!My wife and I enjoyed a nice little lunch at this restaurant.  We had the Broccoli app,Grilled Gulf Squid, Rolled Lamb, and Mustard Greens. Absolutely everything was delicious. The meats were fantastic. I do have to make special mention to the vegetables. They were ON POINT. It appears that the same amount of attention and passion is applied to your veggies as it is applied to your meats. In so much that he mustard greens rivaled that of my wife's Grandfathers recipe, from what I understand was "Biblical". Oh, and the strawberry Moscow mule was awesome. I can say with certainty, we will be returning. Thanks for everything!Loved all of the flavors. Double spicy Tom Sam was probably my favorite dish, followed by the pork ribs. The cocktails were delicious too!We finally made it here after hearing so many good things about it. The dinner met all our expectations. The food was layered with flavor and also comforting. It was the first time after a meal that I said, "This food makes me want to go home and cook."As a visitor to New Orleans, it was a treat to find a restaurant that had the ambiance and service of my local with the taste beyond anything I've had before!!! The suggestions from our server combined with our adventurous approach to try a little of everything made this an evening to remember!!!This is the kind of place I hope I find when in nola. Off the beaten tourist path, classic foods but with a flair that's hard to match.  Don't hesitate on this place. 
Ordered whole Pompano and coal roasted sweet potato. Picked it clean.I don't usually like to write bad restaurant reviews, because it's hard to run a restaurant and I generally assume everyone is doing their best. But enough people seem to love Marjie's that I feel liberated to express what I actually thought of this place. Came here last night with my girlfriend after hearing rave reviews.  
The good: our server was friendly and the atmosphere was warm and welcoming.  
The bad: I agree with the reviewers who say the primary flavor experience here is salt. I've been in New Orleans for four days, and this is the least delicious -- and saltiest -- food I've eaten.  
We started with the heirloom tomato salad and some sides. The heirloom tomatoes were underripe and just didn't have enough flavor to justify standing nearly alone in an $11 salad. The cornbread was fairly good if you like the flavor of burnt-ish cornbread. The greens were...greens. Moderately well prepared but not particularly tasty. And then we had some charred sweet potatoes that seemed to be kind of just mashed up sweet potatoes but like somehow less delicious and flavorful than I think I could make at home if I stuck a sweet potato in the microwave and added some butter and salt.  
My tequila-based cocktail was okay, but at the somewhat-expensive price of $11 I wish it had been stronger and/or had more of a flavor kick. 
They were out of the yard bird, so my girlfriend and I split the ribs and the swordfish. The fish came accompanied with some fresh herbs and a chard (I think?) leaf...you were supposed to make your own wraps. We just ate the fish with the accompanying sauce. It (the fish) was also not particularly flavorful, and came in a small portion...I know fish is expensive and I'm sure it was high-quality fish, but something about the small portion size and underwhelming flavor felt depressing. By this point it was clear we were not going to have a delicious meal, so we entered a darker headspace. 
The pork ribs were well-prepared, although again I found the flavor underwhelming. They were also very fatty but that may just be the nature of pork ribs. I do not blame Marjie's for the fact that pork ribs are fatty. Still, we didn't particularly enjoy these.  
Ended with a cornmeal blueberry cake which was just fine. Again, about 50% less delicious than you might hope for. 
Everyone around us seemed to be having fun and exclaiming loudly how delicious everything was, which was a little mystifying...but maybe the other dishes on the menu are good, or maybe there's just a flavor experience here that our taste buds were not attuned to.  
We left feeling undernourished and upset about having spent a hundred bucks on a lackluster meal. It was only upon arriving home that I realized how thirsty I was. This is salty food.Would definitely go again! The pork was delicious, so was the spicy salad. I wasn't a huge fan of the slow cooked chicken, the seasoning didn't work for me and the greens it came with were way too salty. But overall a creative and fun menu and nice ambience.A great restaurant and so glad to see they continue to thrive. Creative kitchen staff and lovely waitstaff.I feel very mixed about this place... The food tasted amazing! The portions were really weird. I am a vegitarian and there is only one thing on the menu that i could eat.  I ordered the mushroom special. When I got my plate it was extreamly tiny. I was never informed that the special was an appetizer. I thought, priced at $16 I was ordering an entree. Then this itty bitty plate comes out with like 5 little mushrooms on it. How is that worth $16? Very bizzar, then my boyfriends chicken comes out and we both look at eachother.... It's exactly as advertised. Just chicken, no side dish nothing. Just chicken on a plate. Super weird. How hard would it be to serve it with lettus or broccoli? I ended up having to go to another returaunt after leaving this one because I was still hungry after my baby sized meal. You really shouldn't have to do that. I basicly spent $42 + tip for an appetizer to our real dinner that we had to eat elsewhere. Lame and confusing.... Won't be back.Visited for lunch today and the food was absolutely amazing. Full of flavor and the service was just as great. We went right at 11 when they opened so there was no crowd to fight through. I had the chicken and my husband had the prawns. We also had the pigtails and I would definitely recommend all of it. We will be returning again!What a great spot - these guys respect every fiber of their food, awesome cocktails and super vibe.  Gotta start with the cracklings and pigs knuckles!  Where else do you find chow like  that!
Definitely worth going out of the way for this one!Fresh, delicious flavours in a sweet little restaurant. Grilled shrimp and pork belly are both good bets. Lots of fresh herbs and vegetable sides make for a healthy and yummy meal.This was the only restaurant I visited during my trip to New Orleans that was worth repeating. Marjie's Grill serves a type of fusion cuisine that I had never seen before, pairing Southeast Asian flavors with Gulf Coast barbecue dishes. The chefs slow grill their meats over coal Santa Maria-BBQ style in the restaurant's backyard. The selection of spices and produce used to prepare the vegetable sides are purchased from local farmer markets.
This type of food gets me excited, because it's inventive, local, and demonstrates culinary sophistication, unlike some trendy (but boring) Asian fusion concept nowadays that may involve permutations of tacos, buns, french french fries, heavy sauces, and meat.
I stopped by Marjie's for two casual lunches. The menu was simple during lunchtime with a few weekly options. Essentially, you build a one dish meal consisting of a meat, vegetable sides, and rice. You can add as many vegetable sides as you want to the plate, I would recommend trying two at a time.
During my first visit, I had the BBQ pork shoulder that was thinly sliced, slightly peppery, with charred edges, glistening of pork fat, topped with a garlicky and sour relish that tasted like a Thai or Vietnamese dipping sauce. On my second visit, I ordered the spice-rubbed Gulf fish that's delicately charred on the grill and topped with a orange peel-like citrus seasoning. The white fish was buttery soft, perfect to pair with rice, which is also locally sourced. Both BBQ meats were exceptional and perfectly grilled.
I thought that the vegetable sides were equally as brilliant as the meats. All of the vegetables seemed to have more pickled, bright, and sour flavors than expected, which makes them more complex and interesting. My favorite was the spicy arugula mixed with fresh mint, studded with sliced kumquat and dressed with sambal vin. What made this side special were the pure sweetness of the kumquats (even the peels) and sourness of the citrus salsa. I loved tasting these "dressings" derived from whole natural ingredients. The braised greens in chili vinegar was what I believe to be a creative take on Southern collard greens, but not prepared the Southern way of being bland. It's glazed and spiced up to be bright and pungent, reminding me of Thai flavors. I also enjoyed the cabbage w/ scallions & carrots, all briefly charred on the grill and topped with sesame. As for the most interesting side, I would pick the spicy green beans, apparently pounded in a mortar and pestle.
If you're in New Orleans, I would recommend checking it out. This place would be my first stop the next time I'm in town.Fabulous. Salty spicy sweet savory. Hitting all the notes. Pork jowl slow cooked south East Asian style served with herbs and instead of lettuce collard greens, with a tangy dipping sauce. Really good. Everything we had was good. Please go.I really liked almost everything about Marjie's Grill. The freshness of the food really shined through. The service was great, concept and price point spot on very good value. The only reason for a loss of star was the Vegetable Som Tam salad, you had like 8 lime wedges mixed in throughout the salad. Why would you do that? Do you know what it's like to accidentally bite into a wedge of lime? It was dark on the patio so I had the unpleasant experience of biting into lime wedges several times. Not too cool.I love this place, the chicken is so good. I crave that fish sauce flavor with fresh herbs.This place is phenomenal. Nothing we have had in New Orleans before matches up to this restaurant. We came on back-to-back days just to try more things off their menu-which apparently also is always changing. The fried chicken here was, hands down, best I've had IN MY LIFE! But everything was excellent. We also had smoked grilled lamb tips, grilled flounder, charred brocolli with fermented shrimp, chile, and fish sauce, wonderful oysters on the half shell (6). Nice desserts too.
Can't recommend any higher. We are from the LA area-certainly full of outstanding places to eat, but if Marjie's Grill were in the LA region we would be there regularly. Reservations are a good idea-it was pretty popular.I went for the first time today at lunch. Absolutely delicious fried chicken (two nice size pieces) draped in cornmeal and infused with a Thai seasoning and cane syrup. Sweet potatoes were super tasty and okra side dish was also delicious. Southern to the max - fried chicken, sw. potatoes and okra, hard to get more southern than that. BTW, four of us went to eat there today and all four meals were different and all four looked absolutely wonderful.  Small quaint setting with very friendly staff.  Would go back anytime!Just go. Everything there was amazing - food, service, and atmosphere. You can't go wrong with one single thing on the menu!I don't know if we went on an off night or if it's due to the frequent menu changes but we were not impressed.  We read all the rave reviews and looked at photos before choosing to have dinner here.  Maybe a better place to go for lunch?  We were surprised that for the price, no sides were included and the portions were small.  We had chicken wings, catfish, and rabbit along with sweet potatoes and rice.  The chicken wing appetizer is literally two grilled chicken wings stretched out on a skewer, the catfish consisted of 2 medium sized fried catfish, and the rabbit was thinly sliced grilled rabbit meat.  Sides are separate which is surprising when you're paying $16-19 for just the protein.  Everything tasted singular and we were expecting more complex flavors...ie the grill taste and the tangy sauce that's served.  The sweet potatoes were good but we got a lot of burnt pieces.  WishI had taken photos like I normally do but was just kinda stunned at the meal & forgot to pick up my phone due to disappointment.  Parking is difficult.  Casual environment and at least they have nice servers.  As I said, food might bet better tasting and better value over lunch?This is pretty good food but definitely not your ordinary type of cuisine. I came for Valentine's Day with a friend and they were doing a special menu. To start we had the chicken hearts which were good. They tasted just like dark meat chicken. The dipping sauce was great though it tasted like garlic and vinegar with a hint of ginger. For my main course I had the prime rib. It was kind of cold and I would only recommend it if you like you meat on the rarer side. I definitely enjoyed it though. We also got a side of the roasted golden beets which were sweet and soft with a slight tang and slight buttery taste. They were probably my favorite dish. Midnight chicken style dish was a little too fried but good. A slight honey flavor. The Dip had a strong umami flavor almost like a gravy- a little goes a long way. For dessert we had the strawberry's which were just okay, could have loved without in hindsight. And the strawberry gallett which was pretty tasty but a little stale. Overall a great meal and I would recommend eating here if you're feeling adventurousI've eaten at Marjie's a bunch and highly recommend it.  They can accommodate my gluten and dairy free lifestyle with aplomb.  I love Marjie's so much that I even had them cater my wedding!
If you're looking for a buffet style, fairly casual option that will inspire RAVE reviews, look no further.  Caitlin was very helpful in arranging a menu that met my dietary needs and my budget.  We ended up with pork shoulder, braised gulf fish, charred broccoli, charred cabbage (A MUST TRY!!), popcorn rice, and the delicious som tam for around $20 per person.  We had plenty of food and I could not have been happier.
Marjie's is a great option for dinner or catering, especially if you are looking for something unique.was looking forward to dinner here after a ton of recommendations but I left disappointed by the underwhelming food and the depressing interior. it looked like we were sitting in a conference room and smelled like the building recently caught on fire. 
we tried the entire menu. som tam was the high point, but only because of how bland it was compared to the rest of the menu. there's no depth of flavor-everything tastes like a salt lick. I can't even write about this place without getting annoyed about how bad the food was.Marjie's is awesome.  Food is very well balanced. Order the whole menu!Although Marjie's is a self-proclaimed Asian fusion restaurant, I felt like at I was eating in my own home, and I was transported back to my trip to Thailand. The food was so familiar in such a comforting way.
Before a short trip to New Orleans, I had found the restaurant on Instagram, and I'm a sucker for restaurants who change their menu based on freshness and availability. Therefore, I was on a mission to try out the food. I never imagined it would be as good as it was.
We tried the a variety of dishes - all of which exceeded my expectations, but the blue crab brought out so much emotion in me. I can't even begin to describe their absolute perfection. Everything we tasted was so perfectly balanced. The heavier fried dishes were contrasted by the lime, peppers, and fish sauce included in the other plates.. However, the fish sauce wasn't too strong, and the fact that Chef Marcus was able to balance those bold flavors brought so much joy to me and especially my stomach.
I admire everything about this establishment, and I hope that everyone who has the chance is able to get a piece of the chef's heart on their plate.Really enjoyed my meal here. There were a few Asian food elements and maybe it was just what we ordered, but not much stuck out as particularly Asian influenced. That being said, the food was really good. Nothing too surprising, just well made delicious food. But the few Asian elements that were there added a nice touch to Southern food.Wow! People have told me to come here, so I finally came. You order at the bar and they give you a number and bring you your food. My pork came with rice and a nice chili paste. I was pretty hungry so I ordered two sides. The sweet potato was perfectly cooked and complimented the pork. The broccoli was the best I've ever had. There was  so much food I  had to  package the rest up to go. It very chEap and the quality is high. Can't wait to come back and tRy the shrimp.Really enjoyed this place. A little miffed they listed under Thai as that was what I was in search of but easily forgave that let down. Don't eat meat so relegated to sides but they were delicious. The charred sweet potatoes were awesome. The pickles are unique and interesting. Yeah. The rest was great also. Nice room. Bright, comfortable and clean. You can feel a real dedication to do things right and I really appreciate that.Went here on a recommendation, cannot speak enough praise. Flavors were unique and bold, prices were great, execution flawless. This place is a hidden gem!Hipsters and oldsters who enjoy high quality innovative cuisine will definitely find marjies grill exceptional. We sampled the unique salads with cucumbers and melon, the watermelon and crab salad. Catfish, prawns and ribeye were well prepared with an Asian fusion flare. Sorry we ate everything so no pics. I guess that means you have to get over here yourselves. The wait staff was very good also.Suuuuuper let down. Was pretty excited about checking this place out since it has been getting A LOT of hype lately...to the point where I dragged my entire ladies supper club down Broad for a visit. We def. won't go back. You're hit with some pretty strong smells (I sat in the restaurant for about three hours), a late welcome, and average service for starters...also NO ONE told me about happy-hour, just left a stack of menus for me. The food was altogether SALTY AF. We ordered a bunch of veggies...all seemed to be prepared the same way...with too much SALT. The shrimp Wok was decent, but the only thing any of us actually liked were the sweet potatoes (after you took off a little of the big salt chunks on top). Drinks were pricey, but good. Not the most amazing of wine lists either. Upon our recommendation to the chef about the salt, the kitchen did send pie, which was a kind gesture and delicious. The only delicious thing we ate actually. All that too say that for a place with so much press, I'm shocked how they are pulling it off. None of us left happy. No WiFi either (which isn't the end of the world, but still). Two stars are for the somewhat cool location and design, the pie, and the somewhat nice ladies who waited on us.As a person who is allergic to pork, I was insanely apprehensive to visit a place that's known for pork treats. I've been back over and over because all of the fish dishes, appetizers, pickle plates, and cocktails are totally worth my while. There's nothing I've tried that I haven't loved and the dessert menu is always always on point. Another gem tucked away in New Orleans means a secret worth spreading!